hey guys what's up I hope you all are
doing all right I am packing today
because I'm leaving to UK and then
Malaysia for the next two weeks and I'm
gonna take you guys with me and I loved
some vlog footage I did not put up it's
like this challenge kind of thing that
me slim shake and Naz did it was like
two Yemenis versus two Bengalis is like
this cool challenge we did while we were
sitting out chillin and yeah inside I'll
put it up here and I'll see you guys at
the end of the vlog enjoy thumbs up and
I'll see you guys at end of luck alright
so we're gonna play this game is gonna
be the Arabs Yemen s Yemeni demolition
versus the Bengalis the Dacey's agents
so it's two on two basically we're gonna
ask each other we're gonna have to sing
it we're gonna ask you guys stuff about
the Arab culture and you guys have some
stuff about they see Asian culture and
whoever gets the most right they win
name two Arab singers two Arab singers
um Nancy Nancy won a drum hey Zadro
still active much like a look like for a
beer
ooh - Abdul Latif what are you serious I
need not have rusty
oh yeah okay it's are you guys on point
fun name - pom Galli
type of clothing that males or female oh
yeah lungi monkey monkeys one alright
here they know that cuz of the middle of
yep alright like yeah nose on lucky like
another where they were a Boyka Boyka
Boyka
no this is the agent after the DCI
Luther College um tangle up - - with a
DC out of it why the cute one what is it
wouldn't sorry sorry
wow you guys got one we got zero what we
got three points
they went okay name two cities and Jana
Sun up and have it threesome I've seen
yeah we pick sticking with you super
super +1 done all right they got two
points you guys they're gone yeah name
two type of fishes that bum God is eat
that's nothing hard nothing shake sick
you'll be I forgot to load a shark fish
hook catfish now this goldfish oh
how many go fish space when I swims in
the water fish is it lapsim in the water
one was what the heck how we supposed to
know that an Englishman Alicia
so how this is an order I owed it to our
questions all right we'll give you a
hard question spawn you think our two
points we got zeros as our Lippman you
can name five types of Arabic food go a
seat
yeah leave my vibe come on in here we a
question we got it Matt I turned on yet
ready the name yeah bro
here here you know I'm gonna lock you up
look all right really
oh my gosh that guy was just trying to
come at us
I don't know for a reason but Incivek go
ready we got our free right right three
points it okay whatever you want we got
a match it having a fusillade question
you ever you get it right no you get all
of them what yeah okay guys all right
yeah we're good thank you very good
hello giggling laughing it's our name to
shoot ungodly shoe shops how is also
known as Mac up everyone else Jordans
yup better go to the Nikki lady Nikki
didn't know we supposed to know what
happens when I was reasonable
Oh slipper what is a company company
yeah who sure how is Austin all her
friends like met if I said you name me
five friends you three more didn't come
by here Mohammed sister no I'm not
Bengali though so we're not are we so
happy for ya can I see a phone okay no
oh yeah look it I go to his huh give us
a hint it starts on the beat it's not
super be an intimate a burnished boy
Chaka
yo boy shaky mulatto to the habala
Marley oh yeah what is it one good
batter
Imam Ali people know but never one yeah
boss and I say this how we supposed to
know necessarily oh my god Isis handles
IO to Dallas I'm gonna why do we
want because I'm Jana I'm be mccumbee
honestly I'm Yanis we won because you
guys gave us a hard question we give you
guys what you guys in a hard crisis like
fate named the present me I mean how he
doesn't know that you know what you guys
didn't teach us right we taught you guys
right basically where that second shoe
shop send it yeah okay
oh yeah yeah meet up with shoe shop for
watching its modification be thank you
what are you name one but Bangladeshi
prison and then you've won it there's no
president the Prime Minister question a
trick question I preferred ya guys
requested hok for the prime minister or
prime minister but we have president -
ok ok
shows a shake egg butter shake I cover
about Roger who's it it's some Queen
Elizabeth the president has my knee my
first name
shake president diluted shake how was
Justin all right this scooter is a
stomach Sheikh Hasina hey go send a girl
we won that as we said she casino she
the Sheikh Sheikh Hasina's a girl yes we
won that anyway Wow around even we gave
another I get a bigger extra question
also a pic like second time we've beaten
the Arabs we are right now here at the
NYC show backstage
it's like this little photo booth think
about it what's up yeah hi doing good
I'm just wanna save me some what's up
New York City others it what's up New
York City are you happy now huh sure
backwards you go say something
everything happy birthday to you and
happy birthday enjoy I'm here Oh to the
22 years old Aurelio
I'm afraid would be like 10 years old so
I got it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog just want
to say thank you guys so so much for
coming through to the New York City show
truly man that was an amazing amazing
show thank you so much - Sims family
sheiks family Korean for coming through
my family I didn't get to see my mom I'm
not gonna see my mom until after
comeback from Malaysia so I'll give you
guys more information on religion a
couple days and more info on the UK in a
couple days cuz I'm going back tomorrow
and I would have liked the gifts that
you guys gave me for my birthday I want
to say thank you guys so much I'm not
used to getting like gifts like that for
my birthday cuz usually since like the
past 21 22 years I've I've never been
getting gifts like not even anything I
just I just like you know like real love
like hugs and stuff like that but you
guys are crazy for the stuff you guys
have given and oh my god you guys are
really crazy and I appreciate it so so
much and thank you guys so much my
birthday's not to like four days and for
the people in Newark City show thank you
guys so much let me give you guys a
shout out right now for the stuff that
you guys so I got a cool a do me chain
and this cool little like it's like this
tablet like it opens up and closes yeah
yeah put anything in there that's cool
the sick pictures is out of the Adams
family is from Aleeah Juma thank you so
much are you ready a letter so thank you
so much it was so cute in his hat in his
hat Adam says Adam and I got this one is
from Emma I believe she's Turkish thank
you so much for the sick hat I don't
rock the house right there I got these
from Zenon and Jolie I met and Friesen I
met thank you guys so so much you guys
are so crazy serious you guys do not
even have to do this
there's like oh my gosh in the test beer
I'm gonna rock when I go on the airplane
she's sick drawings shake me a true
religion Vesta Julian tank top which is
like oh my gosh Trudy's mad he's Jordans
tomaten which I still have
to give it to him so like that oh and a
girl named Ashley gave this how do you
pronounce the nose
how do you pronounce it the watch
suppose so vodka a service to watch like
oh this is like now have a service key
wash and a Michael Kors watch guys
please stop like oh my god is imma have
so much stuff that I can't even do like
anything with it like I already
appreciate the love and support you guys
show when you guys sent so much stuff
it's just like I feel - like I don't
like feeling - especially nothing I got
from Mara a Dunkin Donuts card this is a
crazy sick drawing this is one probably
one the best feelings I've seen and
there's also a couple more stuff that
you guys give to remind everything I'm
sorry if I couldn't I missed out some
orchids more there's more gifts inside
the car so but thank you guys so much I
appreciate everything guys always do
thank you guys so so much always going
Turkey make sure you guys give like a
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
come Turkey I'll see ya take care and
pitch I like you so I so say I love you
even when even when there's people here
you know I'm not I'm not shy to say that
like I said that word he said that word
but a lame-o Oh screw you oh and now
this jelly literally we got people got
chocolate sneak though I can say ah
alright that's it punch I want Ellen I
saw your show was amazing on all of em
zero so cool man that was cute seeing my
little Bella have that interactive
Addams Family and shakes her is so cool
man was amazing and I think everybody
who came out and showed mad love toys
cuz it wasn't it was my bros and it was
like the best thing ever
so they young bouncing sounds allow me
miss you bro I'm not gonna see if like
two weeks
I don't Madison ah what did you do it
was I'm choking on that chocolatey okay
yeah I'm gonna miss you all oh shut up
killer Malaysia do what every date
doesn't keep working hard bro I'm
telling you man
and I say subdued and everything yeah oh
my god I'm dying
this is cover but I'll see you guys soon
take care I love you guys push
