I just wanna shine with all my people
with someone they believe in this is an
occasion with everything I went through
to get here I deserve it end innovation
Mawson and aid the big bro how you guys
doing good
chillin all right so this is a big thing
do me a
we took Rhema out we're old school what
did you just say Oh Kyle that means all
in Arabic so he thinks we're going to a
aunt house because the houses look like
this Rhema just left to old school we're
about to sign her up in her new school
then after this we're gonna surprise you
guys and get my parents and surprise all
them together in the brand-new house
Reba are you feeling about going to a
new school good what about your old
school you know Miss Sarah not you are
I don't know we're still gonna go to
school and then come back in the car
that one we're gonna know which one you
that's the house dog poop that's the
house
do me gate we just got to Remus school
well this is her future school we're
signing her up here and then after this
we're gonna go surprise them with the
big big house you ready
you like basketball yeah what do you
like basketball or soccer Zach what do
you like soccer or basketball what do
you like soccer or poop but what the he
just says the last day what that hey do
me gang I'm in the car with my mom and
dad right now because he's going
straight to the house right now he's
gonna be there first he's been there for
like a week and a half already because
he's the one that brought all the stuff
in there we were six minutes away six
minute drive from the house how are you
feeling
are you feeling good yeah what are you
guys expecting huh well first we've got
a party City what that what the heck
we're going to the new house our new
place your new place your new chapter
Rima what are you expecting you
expecting to have your own bed look at
you sassy good exciting all right guys
so this is the first time ever you guys
are gonna hear my mom's voice throughout
this whole video
yes so enjoy her voice are you excited
see my kids you gonna play with them do
me gangway around one minute away I'm so
excited
all right guys always here but always he
alright they that corner that corner
keep going straight go inside the garage
that gorgeous ours now go inside the
garage Bubba go inside the girl
you guys I'll make about that oh my god
oh my god we're here do again this is it
this is yes huh we did it we did it much
I know evolve a llama think you said I
love you so much you like it
okay like it they do me good this is our
yard right here oh my god this is a
whole yard look at this oh my god this
whole thing my dad said you members were
younger and then what I love you so much
alright that's all for you I want to
give you the best life ever
all your stuff is in there pour your
stuff that's it we're not going back to
another house this is it you like it
let's go let's go there's our first
steps inside the crib forget this the
new Addams Family crib right here oh my
god oh my god you go in first
we just fix the stuff around and hooking
that up what did you buy whoops that
already changed what was gonna ready -
you have your own table your own
backyard your whole own front yard we
have a lot floors inside downstairs
upstairs we have swinging chairs we're
still gonna hook up the whole crib do me
yank this is just the start of the new
beginning over here a veranda fixed all
the stuff here for the kids
Bobby who told you to take off your shoe
hi guys we could go this way right here
like there's so much space man like we
got the cars over here I have a nice
garage this is my bed oh my god by the
way guys downstairs the whole floor is
gonna be mine and they're working on it
they're gonna put my whole bed over
there in a secret secret prime secret
project on stairs cuz they're hooking it
up and I'll tell you guys more about it
later
it's giving you a whole floor that's
starting off from scratch but what are
you doing my dad is taking a picture
this is it
remember to go huh good that to say
thank you and don't worry about it don't
be my kid problems these days man first
world problems but she's kind about
water you just got a brand new house and
dumaguete we did it we did it this is
our house this is our house my god I do
- man oh my god
my dad just ran inside I've never seen
him crying here like that oh my god oh I
think this is the happiest
that they've ever had man like the whole
whole thing oh my god and oh my god and
now maybe I have to say my confession
soon you know what the confession is
that what is it you know you know what
is yes she do what is it tomorrow you
guys will see the hole inside the first
floor the second floor of the house and
the secret floor that would have it in
the bottom for me the whole thing I hope
you guys are excited as I am no secret
is everybody this is the first thing you
do huh what oh my god do me gang I'm not
even joking it's raining all day the
moment we came here into the surprise
video the Sun came out man look I'm
telling you when the Sun comes out that
means positive stuff is happening hey do
we get guys like I Sonny it is though oh
my god the sun is shining I cannot wait
for the next video oh yeah
secret parties down there there's the
whole secret fun no no no maybe tomorrow
save it for tomorrow for you guys let
the whole exclusive tour of the house
tomorrow you gotta see it you know get
your cookies bet all that you knows
anything I'll see you guys look how
happy Bucks it okay I mean is many of
our now though I'm here okay okay you
want screw you man in the flexion what
you gonna fight me okay okay sorry you
want any quick doobie gang what's up I
want to give you a huge shout out to the
homie right here say I mean you helped
me out so much but you guys don't
understand like don't through this whole
process like of getting a house but
helping out so much especially with like
hella mortgage so gigas residential
sandy kabir thank you
well basically do me again what I want
to tell you it is short
yeah I don't was go to different banks
and there were nothing serious and they
don't teach you that in school they
don't see how that school yeah he was
waiting for pre-approval and he was you
know he wanted to move out and you want
to buy a house for his family so he
contacted us so how long it took he took
us to get to pre-approval it was a phone
it was like like 10 seconds public ten
seconds yes it was literally so quick
like yeah he was approved and who's not
gonna approve I'm sorry do beginning
this is it I should say thank you guys
so much for all your love and support
from day one this is the start of
something new thumbs up and do beginning
let's see if we can get 100,000 thumbs
up for the new Addams Family
100,000 thumbs up I know it's gonna be
hard but a new beginning I believe in
you guys so every single on you guys
thumbs up if you guys are ready and
excited so thumbs up and subscribe
because video is here every single day
are gonna be so so dope a lot of big
announcements to come the first one is
the confession and another one is is
that there's a new niece of mine who's
never shown on camera is gonna be
introduced to the vlogs so be ready for
that I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow I
love you guys thank you guys once again
see my family happy and seeing you guys
happy makes me happy if you guys enjoy
this video make sure you guys share it
tweet me it I'll be retweeting liking
you guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace among phone who it
is new whip no harm
late mistake a like break my stick alone
don't you wanna tell me what you want
