hey guys what's up attuma gang I hope
you all having a great great morning or
a great day or night whatever it is in
your country and your city I'm wearing a
badge ooh melayu and actually slept with
the baju Melayu and it's so so so
comfortable with with Jordans a kicks on
fleek hey what do you guys think about
my bedroom I like I went out with it but
I didn't get to flag with it but you
guys let me know do me the flag with the
baju Melayu outside let me know in the
comments below people are staring at me
like what is that and either tell some
gals this is badger I'm alive see this
what you serious women you know but I'm
not stop what are you doing how funny
stop beam us down she shouldn't feel
everyone faster I'm faster I'm not gonna
rip off that already Rima get out the
room you're not even allowed to hang out
with us get out through get out you
kicked out let's go yeah you kicked out
Adams room
yeah messin is fasting no get out there
let's go you're not fast enough if C
mouth Rima
get out don't come on you guys are crazy
you guys beat the record once again
yesterday you guys got 1,300 in less
than an hour today is 1400 almost 1500
and listen an air I don't probably ask
him so much but let's see if we can
break the record probably again do me a
thumbs up and go turkey thank you guys
so so so so much
who is it I just knock on my door saying
I want to kiss you we had an argument
earlier from going on yeah what do you
want oh I can't I have to open it up
you know what thank you okay okay yeah
okay okay okay okay glad I'm so mad at
you Rima oh yeah she's eating in front
of us but he shout out to my dad happy
Father's Day it's tomorrow I love you so
much thank you look it's really nigga my
dad is wearing my shirt seniors chosen
alone and then you see my name right
there
Adams ah this so funny all the names are
so like like so here I am cooking part
of my 200 simple says that was made
couple days ago and it's oil up it's all
like burns you don't stay near it so
this the result I just got done with it
after oil and stuff if you want you can
put like napkins or towels on top of it
and then after that it just like every
removes the oil Remo what's wrong with
you huh this is how our mothers teach
the kids to clean at a really young age
she's saying I love vacuuming Rima sit
down let me talk to you sit down
um who got you that oh my dad got it
like that is the way up be careful Rima
what's your favorite sport
um Kalinin does he favorite sport my
who's first place in the cleaning sports
competition you're number one you're
number one in the fastest vacuuming
competition wow it's amazing
wow what a fail you're not a behind Remo
you're number two
number one you guys don't know Muhsin
has been growing teeth MCT yeah but no
let me roast you ya see it is it um let
me see his teeth Rima listen about the
roast you mustn't stop mister he said it
cover my salami see t know what just fit
I'm a roast you that's why you look like
you got Kylie Jenner lips without doing
the Kylie lip challenge huh huh alright
they see it do you see it right they sit
you saw you guys guys I don't know if
you guys do this but during Ramadan I
hide all of my favorite foods my
favorite snacks in the closet so like
Rima and the kid just don't eat it I
don't know if it sounds greedy but let
me know the comments below like I hide
it just for like just to save it for me
to eat it I got like these zebra cakes
right here alright this buying it I got
I came in digging it I got more of these
like chocolate chip cakes and some
juices that I do not want Rima to touch
no nobody touch where's it fastened in
this house it's just for me cuz I
deserve it and I've been faceted Oh
fancy play it 7080 hours I do hungry and
I just want to eat you guys need to try
this tastes so good like chocolate and
if you want to eat healthy we got salad
sambusa well it's just a out even what
this is bellick's bang we got a lot more
coming through this is just like a then
we got this I don't know but a new
invention that I created and imma let
you guys know the secret recipe when it
comes a movie like manic gotta fight
nobody got faster so since my daddy is
here I want to dress him up like me just
do I have one none he wants to go pray
before he goes prays I want him to dress
up all right so I'm gonna hook you up
and I'm saying hi this Thomas of that oh
oh oh he loves my dad a lot um best fear
this may act like he cries look at the
good part whoa
he loves my dad more than me
oh yeah hey don't look censored censored
whole little get up physically on the
fresh jean jacket announcer
again I get I may be too small it might
be too small but it's all good in the
hood
oh sorry gotta run it up listen hit
alright this is Mac head up this is my
dad say cheese ago really nigga uh Moses
say cheese hey I'm with that his fresh
tout mom me I was good pound it
I love you said I love you I love you
too okay this is a biggie
I guess I got caught Rima today watching
photos and videos of me in the orphanage
and I decide I stopped her from watching
it and I decided to film it and to show
you guys
rimas reaction when she watched it cuz
she is in love with photos just like me
so she's ready she's laying down in bed
she's ready to watch it RiRi ready yes
you ready sure he knows what to say yeah
thumbs up okay miss me a lot what's
money know what's enough
that's my name again no it's not Adam I
see a sauna because we add the masala
Oh before you just came to kiss my uh
what do you say oh why you saying that
because you crying okay it's done is
that I want to interview about it what's
his name why I bought it
clay let's say photos one letter for us
sorry okay okay sorry sorry okay not
stop hitting yourself
she's such a true she's like a 45 year
old Arab woman trapped in a 3 year olds
body
okay so photos crying cuz I left him and
I'm gonna go see him soon okay why do
you want to come with me to see him yeah
do you love him yeah do you think is
amazing yeah is it okay if I bring him
and make him my son yeah you sure yeah
all right so give a shout-out to father
say I love you photos I say I love you
photos and I know you want to say two
photos
um can you bring him you you wanna see
him yes
he's not just to me that one to me every
muscle picking nose again Jenna's gonna
come and laugh at you when you do that
Adam yes coming
pink getting fast lettuce ready to bring
him here waaah alright and are you gonna
marry him um yes you gonna marry him
ha ha ha oh my god she never accepts any
hoods like marriage it's really hard for
herself
wanna get mad cuz I can look at back you
want to finish watching it yes
okay you can finish watching you
she's gonna finish watching it and I'm
gonna be out I can finally check this
thank you guys for all the love and
support on the new video truly means a
lot in the world have many more new
videos coming through and I cannot wait
til I get to check these these days and
especially these these DS and it got
messed up hi guys it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoyed this
fight if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you so so
much doom again you guys have been
showing a lot a lot of love and if you
guys want subscribe to this channel to
the black channel I'm almost at 400,000
subscribers I'm so close to it so if you
guys haven't subscribed make sure you
subscribe I will be doing a giveaway for
the 400,000 subscriber giveaway and I'll
also be doing this is like breaking news
I'm also going to be doing a contest
today 3 p.m.
New York City time on Twitter it's a
Twitter contest this is my Twitter at 3
p.m. New York City time this is this
blogs popping up at 2 p.m. or anything
so if anybody's watching this right now
around 3 p.m. York City time I will be
doing a Twitter contest there will be 5
winners 5 winners and the winners will
get I will write their name here
tomorrow's vlog and I'll like I'll do
like this ratchet pose like it'll be 5
questions I don't know if I'm going to
do you now yet for it but it's going to
be on Twitter so if you guys want to be
part of the contest go on Twitter and it
is going to be a promotion for the
Europe tour because I need to promote
the Europe tour Allah I do not know what
the questions will be yet but I hope you
guys can come through and join in join
the party and on Twitter at 3 p.m. York
City time I'll see you then take care I
love you guys so much I'll see you
tomorrow
peace
you
