hey guys what's up good morning I hope
you all are doing great right now I am
in Brooklyn we just went to Brooklyn
we're going to the Barclays center we're
entering the press conference for Amir
Khan's upcoming fight on Fridays give me
a crazy crazy boxing match you guys
don't know I'm a big boxing fan so we're
gonna be going to the press conference
today but after that we're gonna see the
fight on Friday so let's see how this
goes I'm rooting for the homie Amir Khan
that's my homie oh just crease in the
homie he's not Muslim brother also not
just he's not my brother cuz he's an
amazing boxer he's one of the fastest
boxers in the world after I was gonna be
me and Nasser delivering with me but I
don't wanna be in a ring with me we're
back in the car went so late to the
press conference so we're just gonna
head to the hotel meet up with a beer
and see what up what's up guys I'm with
the one and only Amir King Khan and yeah
his fight is gonna be on Friday it's
gonna beat it I wish you all the best
and there's no coming down example
anytime I said so he'd give me up so
diavik's I know it's gonna be at Newark
cities with my city so he's come from UK
to Newark City to represent so shuttle
goes well and we're talking first come
on come on everybody come on yeah
max here I got the team the whole team
we the whole team here bail is built
billion be good as well everybody hears
me you can like the only American here
so yeah no time give the support mumsy
time everybody no record enough no
recording
Oh
amazing from the turn so right now I'm
gonna go shopping trying to buy a suit
because I normally wear suits like that
but I want to buy soon you guys we're
gonna help me out to choose the suit
because I don't really know what's a
good kind of suit that would look good
on me so I won't buy one right now I'll
show you guys which ones and you guys
get to choose in the comments below what
you guys think if I get a white soup or
that kind of suit this is like the I'm
so rich
my dad will see you whenever you want
outfit this looks cool if you want but
not this okay
yeah Leah I'm here with my second wife
Lydia what this hog breath is what this
whole Brad this third with the suit
oh she's okay mom I got a record for a
long to see he came for the do me do me
we have oh my second wife you show me
you can ask at the Fort Hood I got a
shot you get let me know a little bit
yes good you're gonna get it
it's almost like a web set is good and
oh you Callaghan up what the hell are
you doing go get you go get changed a
man oh there's a line go to changing
room lattice and eggs exchange
I don't earn on what you're doing in
Zara what are you doing there's
customers everywhere
changes them work how did we do here now
the gyro spot we're getting a
traditional New York gyro hide oh man
made me a jellyfish this is one English
one better this year we're about Scylla
mummy and making us oh no no chuckles
yeah Wow that's it
mom Bengali brother things oh my god
it's like it you like it yeah I take
about a sign let me see this is this is
this is a major trust me so good better
than the burger yesterday hundred
percent yep
why are you just saying that cause he's
bengali in the media no no no honestly
this is amazing you guys ever come to
New York area where we saw Soho you need
to come to Soho Gero you need to find a
girl le da come on what the hell's going
on I don't know New York's always she's
my head as I police sirens everywhere at
this loud is too annoying boy guessin
are so slim just got a haircut the nice
like oh he got the brain surgery haircut
look again oh he got the brain surgeons
out of her time in hurt Lucy the zebra
Adam stop turn around busy well you got
the briquette you got the weird hair cuz
a lion going but right now we're here
with the one and only with the Bengali
Master Shake Akbar good job so what's up
I'm gonna get it here good too and I was
gonna morning all right
yeah oh yeah we tell them I went to
battle ground your frickin words let go
run around am I gonna am I gonna drop it
oh so basically you know I've been going
through a lot and stuff and the reason
I'm not doing too serious is because I
feel like it's a big response with
already said this a lot of times was a
lot of really lovely and he's with me
right now so if we had beef I wouldn't
be with him right now you know I mean
but we still text we still do yeah a lot
of people thinking that we're not
talking just because just cuz I don't
see him right if like that doesn't mean
we're not friends mean shake still text
each other like every single day we
still talk to each other so whenever I
see the comments and do saying that
we're arguing or fighting stuff like
that me and were like what the heck when
we're literally talking like silly goose
you know I mean okay so but yeah I'm but
I created two different channels and
where I will be updating with my life
and I'll be making videos in there but
I'm we're doing on my own pace you get
it I'm not on a rush I think it should
say it's like a big thing you have
uploaded a thing and that for me I'm was
doing my own pace so that's why I made
two different channels and vlogging me
channel so it's not because we have any
problem trust me
so if you guys want to check him out
check out his channel will be in the
link down below he has already been
doing blogs and videos stuff like that
but he's doing it on his own his own
pace and stuff like that so that's
pretty much it if you guys want to show
up Tim make sure you go through so thank
you guys so much fun to sing now you
guys know that we have not gone on we're
right next year like literally two
inches away man was sleeping over
tonight so
yi-yi-yi but yeah in your bed right I
mean even sharing one bed and swimming
out here because you think got so much
for those for you guys have all been
showing you guys I'm showing crazy love
and support truly means a lot and I'm
still thinking maybe about going back to
to Twitter I'm still thinking about it
I'm still deciding so you should I don't
know man I feel like Twitter
that's where everything people just
assume stuff but I might go back for you
guys because I seen you guys doing like
hash tag project show Adam loves to you
chat out who started I believe on
Instagram solid squad thank you so much
I appreciate you guys so much you guys
are the only ones that
make me go back to whatever I want to do
because I'm doing a few guys I'm
schooling haters I don't want them to
that I don't want them to show you guys
that they're making me feel down and
flat yeah so yeah thank you guys but I
guys so it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy this flag who did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey let me know in the comments below
what kind of suit should I get should I
get the white one or should I get the
blue one I already have like a light
blue one should I get a dark blue one or
a white one I don't know which one to
get but you guys let me know the
comments below so if you guys do not
know I was in Africa couple days ago and
I met this kid that I fell in love with
named photos me and him like connected
our bond was amazing I seen a lot of
comments of you guys saying for me to
adopt him and actually did talk to the
orphanage about adopting him and
everything like that but it's really
hard it's not as easy as it looks I
spoke to them I was a geek like was kind
of weird I was a connect can I adopt
them can I get them they were like look
at this they said that it's very hard
for him to leave the country first of
all and second of all they said I'm 21
years old I was like I don't care about
one result have so many nieces and
nephews I can take take care of Mika be
part of the family my mom would love him
I know mom would love it that's what I
was saying so I kept talking to them but
and they were telling me that it's not
as easy as it looks and maybe I should
wait or anything like that but I really
want to have them like I don't know if
it feels weird adopting but I wouldn't
mind happy new file even if I'm like a
single dad and I'm alone I would still
take care of mom will help me out and I
would take him out everywhere and
everything so I am trying my best to to
try to bring him to New York even if I
can't adopt him and if like that I will
try to bring him to New York just so you
can see New York see different world a
different lifestyle that he's into I do
really hope that can do that one day and
I promise you photos I will do that and
I will try even if it takes me a couple
years I will try just for you just to
see you smile and just to see you you
know make your day and hopefully Shila
it goes well so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
thank you guys so much for the support I
love you guys so much
take care or pick like
