hey guys what's up good morning it is
day one of Ramadan and I woke up extra
extra early so I'm gonna have a pretty
long day and I'm gonna be extra extra
hungry but it's all good about a week
ago we could go it was a time Adan we
was eating y'all in y'all
now with Ramadan and we ain't young I'm
starving and whoever starving with me
you real MVP so good this is the beauty
of Ramadan a lot of people they're
always like you know complain like oh my
god I get so hungry oh my god I'm
starving to death oh my god but this is
the beauty of this feeling right now I'm
getting right now that you're also
getting if you're fasting that's the
beauty of Ramadan and I'm pretty much
doing something to keep me busy which is
I'm making sambusa not samosa sambusa so
get it straight
I'm making a hundred now I'm not making
150 right now making 200 some who says I
remember last year I made 150 symbol
says my mom went crazy because she told
me I had to eat it all so I gotta eat
the flick the floor or something like
that by making 200 someone I'm just make
it as much as I can discuss um just cuz
like I need some time to pass by so but
I'm gonna keep these samosas for the
whole throughout the whole month and
it's good it feels good to help your
parents so if you guys want always help
your parents cook because your parents
are always one cooking the most during
Ramadan so it's good to help them out
chill out you know I'm saying so I'm
making some sambal set with this meat
and cheese and I probably won't make the
chocolate one cuz that was a fail I'll
try to think of a new invention and see
how it goes
these are the symbol says I've made so
far we got the cylinder sambusa right
here and we've got the triangular
Illuminati symbol says right here and I
got this is the meat it's called daca
and Arabic any Yemeni not there shoutout
to Afghan or Depa do you know is Dhaka
what kind of food you guys eat leave in
the comments below kind of food you guys
Brioni what I want to know Jackie
because I'm I'm hungry
this is like the pace that you put it to
stick that's the wrap that I'm doing
this is if you want some cheese so yeah
I put up today's vlog and in less than
an hour you guys got a thousand two
hundred thongs up and less than one
or so so let's see if we can beat that
record thumbs up this vlog and let's see
if you guys can beat out and imma try it
out every day and see how this goes so
thumbs up and go turkey don't gang I am
in the pharmacy right now I'm about to
buy a big board and the markers like
right down to ten announcements that I
have for you guys just go Cuse bothering
me don't worry mom buy you a lot of food
since you're fasting today and yeah her
shoes are pretty much nicer right away
I'm gonna give you food right no what's
the worst when you see all that but I'm
not even gonna buy anything because I
know when I do I end up eating lot
nothing like literally and I get full
off like one or two bites so I'm not
even look at this I'm not even gonna get
anything I'm gonna just keep walking and
now look that's it no remain you ready
got the little pony come on Rima you
just said you wanted a little pony
I found one but it's so so small but I
think I just might get it and I'll just
write it small
little by little and I should be good
Mawson what's up Rima what did you eat
today you what you sure yes
are you okay okay I'm going on
what are you doing huh what what nothing
what's in your mouth so cookie so you're
not fasting yeah that's a game it's a
game yes
and you made mustn't eat - by making him
eat all right cuz he likes it
yes no he doesn't you want so fast not
like you okay Remus is a joker
come Allah yes Oh me huh me you what I'm
black no you can continue on eating
eating over there what's up guys I just
took a really cold shower and I just got
a haircut so I can make time fly all
I've been doing today is to chill Rima
I'm just praying making food helping all
along just to make time fly so that's
what you got to do probably Ramadan to
make time fly choke the family and have
fun but right now I'm gonna say that
announcements I know you've all been
waiting for this for so so long if that
time is so I'm just I'm really hungry
now does it look like I'm hungry because
I am starving I have about 15 minutes 15
minutes until on time come here tell you
guys all the announcements and I want
you all to take out your phones and
write down all the announcements in
there so you can be ready there isn't
any dates in the announcements but there
is a couple and there is the
announcements like that are ready and
everything like that so I'll let you
guys know there's 10 and now it's made
the first two that I've already done the
first one I've already done were
announcements I've already told you guys
I already put up which were
belly-dancing in Uganda and belly
dancing
and Malaysia the third one for videos
I'm not gonna say what video is about
two really touching video and it's
coming out this Saturday and it's
something to make you feel grateful and
to make you feel you know thankful so
it's I'm going to say no video June 20th
so those are the video announcements now
we have the tour announcements one of
them which you guys already know the
Europe tour it is in July end of July
and August if you guys want more
information on the Europe tour go to the
link down below you guys will have all
the information on it Paris Brussels
düsseldorf Amsterdam Sweden London
Manchester and Marrakech Morocco if you
guys want to get tickets the link is
down below more information and here is
more tour cities and the dates haven't
been yet but I'll let you guys know when
will it be around - you guys can be free
at the time and it is are you guys ready
you guys ready and Toronto I will be
performing in Toronto end of August so
write that in your calendars to run till
end of August are you guys ready for the
next three cities that I'll be
performing in I'll be writing it right
now it is Malaysia Indonesia and
Singapore I don't know if you can see it
Singapore for I will see you guys in
November I'll be performing in those
three cities and I am ready to turn up
because the atom torque tour is coming
it is gonna be crazy so that's it I'll
let you guys know that we perform again
is Dubai which is going to be in
December we are in talks for a Middle
East tour but it's not confirmed yet but
Dubai is 100% confirmed I do not know
the date tip I will let you guys know
the dates for the tour Europe tour is
already confirmed and you guys can get
your tickets down below for Europe
Toronto's end of August Malaysia
Indonesia Singapore is going to be in
November Dubai is in December Middle
East or is getting in talks and if you
guys don't feel like I left your city or
country I am trying to like like France
Australia even around the whole us and
everything I'm still trying and I've
even Canada like Vancouver Ottawa
Montreal I'm still trying for their and
each other at all goes well or your dad
all goes one okay so I'll let you guys
know the videos the tours now I'm gonna
let you guys know the big projects that
I've been working on and they are three
tracks that I've been working on they're
going to come out as a single and a
music video and it is going to be crazy
because I've worked so hard the
production was amazing and imma let you
guys know the names of the songs right
now no one does not know the names of
anything so imma let you guys know right
now the first single is called tears
it's an amazing amazing song that I did
with Zach Knight and I know you guys are
going to love it once the music video
comes out and once the song comes out
you guys are gonna super love it this
song means the world to me because it
was based on a true story it's like one
of my cousins
her father passed away and like a lot of
stuff happened when she got married and
it was just so touching so I decided
that I'll put it into like a song and it
went amazing it is so touching I was
seriously about to cry just like doing
the whole project of Tears with Zach
Knight and it'll be out probably around
and the july/august but you guys know
the same called tears the second track
is imma let you guys know the name of
the single nobody knows this is like
exclusive exclusive right yet this one
is called tomorrow's another day sorry
if alright so sloppy but this one is
called the single is tomorrow's another
day for this one it is a charity song
that we've been offered to do for Uganda
for the orphanage so it's going to be
such a touching song also but
something's also like to Jane to to make
you feel so good it's also featuring
mumsy and everything with the Percy's
like any money that that makes from this
song is all getting before the orphanage
for charity and everything so you guys
do support tomorrow is another day
everything is going to be for the
orphanage and the orphanage is seriously
like family to me
and I know do me and you guys are gonna
love the song tomorrow's another day
it's super amazing so touching and the
last announcement the 10th and ultimate
which is another track but
it's not my tract is not homey Isaac's
tradução nice enough to put me in and
I said why not come through it's for a
good cause
it's an eat song to put everybody
together to go to eat and it is called
Eid is here is called eat is here the
song is very different music videos very
different but it's so amazing and it's
so unique and I know you guys are also
going to love that I wouldn't do
anything for you guys to be like yeah or
like whatever about it that's why I know
these three tracks I wanted to like I'm
22 years old I've been offered to do a
charity song my own song and eat eat
just hear song so I'm like you know what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna put my all I'm
going to give my greatest for you guys
to love it and I know I believe I feel
in my heart that you guys will enjoy you
guys are gonna go crazy and shuttle us
so let's cross out the belly dancing in
Uganda belly dancing in malaysia new
video June 20th this Saturday 3 p.m.
new video tour the Europe tour make sure
you go get your tickets down below
Toronto end of August Malaysia Indonesia
Singapore in November Dubai and December
Middle East tour still in talks the
tracks tears featuring zac night
tomorrow's another day
featuring mumsy which is a charity song
and it is here by Izod I'm done and me I
will keep you all updated with the dates
of the singles of tears and tomorrow's
another day and it is here when it will
be out because those three projects are
probably the biggest projects of all and
it's like big production was put onto it
everything was just amazing put it to us
I really hope you guys show your love
and support I've been vlogging every
single day since day one I've been
working on all of this and you guys have
been showing so much on the support so I
want to thank you guys from the bottom
of my heart thank you so much showing a
lotta loving support thanks so much for
watching me go through all this crazy
work and you'll see the result coming
after it whatever it is I'm still gonna
be smiling I'm still gonna be happy and
I am super duper excited about it
especially and if you can ask a question
which I'm probably most excited about I
would say probably I don't I don't want
to say I would saying
probably tears tears that's really cuz
knowing I'm a family member
her father passed away and I was just
like bang just writing down everything
everything was just straight up that
it's really touching song I really can't
wait yes oh is it that time okay
hey guys thought I got I'm done at the
right right right moment yes we have
about one minute I guys I love you guys
so much
I am yes Tom C eat girl you have them
you have the guts to say talent to eat
you've been eating oh my
huh she has the guts to say it's time to
eat
she's gonna go eat with me when she's
been eatin when she's been eaten all day
are you serious Rima scales a joke I got
I'm gonna show you guys my inside I'm
gonna show you guys my left bad and then
I'm gonna come back to me here Rima
are you seriously eating and even Ian's
cheese it's all day and you want to come
and welcome yourself yeah okay so we got
some sambusa I made to mash you some
chef boots um I don't even talk to me
you got some biscuits of chocolate a
dream already messed up and put out got
some rice so coffee that Remus filled
already my daddy my daddy this me don't
dis my daddy what's up yeah no I'm not
gonna eat from your hand and we got some
and we got some lemon some onion and
we're gonna wrap up the blog over here I
love you guys so much thank you all for
loving support make sure you guys write
down announcements and your I want to
see some tweets of you guys writing down
the names and singles and everything
that you guys are ready I can't wait to
see you guys to meet you guys and few
guys to see everything take care I'll
see you tomorrow
day two of Ramadan you guys are amazing
and pitch I love you
you
