I had so much fun that I feel like I've
known you guys five years or so long and
I come back I want you all to remember
yes yes hey guys what's up we're back
here in London we're only gonna be here
for like 16 hours we're doing a quick
shoot in a barn like somewhere like what
format I didn't have my farmer hat it's
back in Miss Uganda so so much but we're
heading to you heading to the barn and
to everybody who came to the airport
thank you so much for showing a lot of
love um I know I think I saw Serena and
Alina you guys gave me this shirt yes he
gave me this hat and this is nice jacket
so I'm like wearing other people's stuff
I'm wearing other people's stuff for the
music video so yeah after that we're
gonna head back to New York City I'm
uploading the vlog right now for you
guys about 3 p.m. UK time so once it's
up it's gonna be up you guys processing
hey we just found a Dunkin Donuts in
somewhere in London are we gonna grab my
blue buns we're set open say office
we're gonna try it out see if it's a
real Dunkin Donuts if it's like the ones
in your mouth looks different it looks
so different that would all these
different I mean the design looks the
same but it's good try and see size
Camelot tastes like the same ready how
can download be different Oh trust me
lattes donuts could taste different
let's see what this new diamond I'm
gonna try it out and see I will show you
some UK Dunkin Donuts
alright well social USA Dunkin Donuts
the donuts look really different no it
looks a little similar the locusts look
really good for it by making like they
look really good they look like they
taste really really good all right so
this what we do in New York so I'm
giving you a taste of what's gonna
happen Newark City we sit down and
Dunkin Donuts we hang out for like eight
hours sit ready for that all right thank
you thank you so much show me
this is a medium I started
so with that first of all there's no
what cream there's no first of all
there's no work cream
wait
this is the voice of thousand dollars
how do you think bro listen
I'm gonna try it out see if it's good
but I save I got a pink straw
taste-wise your virus okay
hold it yeah I know
true story I say yeah yeah yeah so I so
stay far from YouTube and they say that
London is better than New York I'll tell
you London New York is much better than
London isn't it yeah right now boy
you're saying that your New York is bad
and under with you
now today America is no soul every
street corner your Duncan daughter's
yeah I don't feel a whole street it's
equivalent to feel warm yeah we got
water we got more kids
yes Josie I don't want to see that shit
you can do what you want it to go into
life now but it's interested me this
girl you need to go with the right
person you need to go something love it
matter
yeah lemon is amazing but you wanna
throw a person next time you got to call
me you got a couple of minutes I watch
he's gonna like New York Park and he's
going me knows it you got yeah you see
it for two three days on to that you see
good that's good thank you blue corner
all the way functionalism Lord is what
is yeah yeah yeah yeah
introducing in the red corner coming all
the way from New York City
wing it to 285 pounds we're spoke in the
dressing rooms
yeah you both know the rules yeah no
drink another much touch girls let's go
okay
you good
oh hi guys so I don't know if you guys
know but a couple days ago once we
landed in Uganda we got locked up in a
cell and the customs I was like
literally like a jail cell we didn't get
arrested but we got locked up for about
16 17 hours we were starved to death
they did not give us no food or anything
at all until we left so I'm gonna show
you guys and tell you guys the whole
story of what happened so this we went
through customs we're talking with the
lady in the front and you know when they
give the customers I gotta stamp
something let some like that so she
asked this question she was like um are
you Muslim and then I ended up saying oh
ham did lay yeah I could I thought she
was Muslim so I said I handed left then
she waited and she just like she just
looked for a little bit and I'm like is
there something wrong just I cannot wait
and she went to go speak to another lady
and she told us wait over there we sat
down in a seat waiting for like 30
minutes and I don't know where the some
guy like the customs officer guy he said
come in come to this room we're like
okay we went to the room we're all so
confused because I was getting thoughts
like oh is because we're Muslim I didn't
want to say I didn't want to like I
didn't want to assume that's the problem
so I don't assume other so that was just
like a hints maybe it is and then once
we got to the room he was okay go to
this room I had like a really horrible
bed and it was like a cell it was like
legit a jail cell and then he was like
you guys gonna be in here for a couple
hours something like that and don't
worry everything will be fine and we
kept asking them what
to issue what's issues everything okay
is everything all right they didn't want
to tell us anything like nope it's
nothing just go in there and wait so
when in there and the guy locked like a
door and a cell and then we'll excuse me
can you not like us like we're not
criminals to be locked like this and
like that and then he was like no I'm
gonna have to like it because this is
like some kind of hold I'm like look
this is a cell and we came here to do
charity work we didn't come here to get
locked up or anything like that so then
we kept telling him please don't don't
like lock door nothing like that cuz I
get really causa phobic and then after
he said no he screamed so like I said no
and he just locked the door so once we
went in I seen like these writings on
the wall and all of the writings were
about you know Muslims being in there
Somalis being there and stuff like that
as you can see clean this is
unbelievable
look I love Muslims party dismally
Somalia is in my they hold up all like
the most funds and so that's what it
seems like
so that was another clue that went in
there because we were Muslim and we're
being racially profiled some like that
even though it's 2015 and then we waited
I still didn't wanna assume I still
don't wanted to even if I saw all the
stuff all the writings against the wall
that um about Somali proud about Muslims
being in there I still didn't want to
assume that twenty minutes later another
Muslim guy comes in and joins us he
comes in he says assalamualaikum I'm
Turkish and I'm Muslim and I'm brought
in here we all look around at each other
and were like oh what a coincidence all
of us are Muslim and went in here so
that's when it was proven that we were
in that I feel like it's proven were in
there because we're Muslim if that
doesn't prove anything if me saying
alhamdulillah me sing on the walls that
you're Muslim would end there and
another Muslim guy comes in three stuff
that just proves that we're in there
because we're Muslim it you're hello you
know you can take your head he's gonna
tell you doesn't speak no English we're
trying to talk to me communicate yeah
god I cannot sleep on I can see this get
so serious about this here follow the
eye skin yeah
no bullshit my customs right now it's me
Ziggy not and they brought in a Turkish
guy here to Muslim Tokyo is legit Joseph
they legit locked us up there's nothing
I like this is they locked us up I'm so
like oh my god hi guys we have a big big
issue and the customs here are not
telling us anything they just took us
straight and literally to like the
customs jail cell and we're bugging out
my phone is 10% and we called I called
my lawyer is straight up and my phone my
phone is about - I don't know I spoke my
family in the lawyer all of our phones
but there's no plug here or nothing and
the organizers for orphanage they all
came and they try to sort it out but it
couldn't the customs still didn't let us
and they're not telling us what's wrong
they just literally to us and I'm
literally scared for my life I know and
I don't know what's going on bunch of
everything goes well and I don't even
know what to say because I'm so so
worried but I'm getting closer phobic I
get really close fooling with stuff like
this they let us have a phone inside but
they didn't let us charge it or anything
like that so it died and like literally
two or three hours we all got so scared
because the electricity was turning off
it would get pitch-black
imagine pitch-black in a place where
smells so bad in a really small rough
area and like you don't know what's
gonna you know what's happening during a
different country and you don't know
three hours later we got up we banked
island all of us were banging so hard
we're screaming that we're hungry were
skewing that were thirsty nobody came
we're here laughing outside six hours
later we try to sleep six hours later we
kept kept on banging and screaming I was
going crazy I was having like panic
attack I didn't know what I was doing
Naza and Ziggy you have to like calm me
down and everything like that ten hours
later continue kicking everything we're
begging we're like please the lady
finally opened the door she peeked at it
like that she's like you have to be
patient and she just closed it straight
back like that I didn't know what to do
I was so scared for my life I thought
like I was thinking of the most negative
thing possible sixteen hours later when
I don't know somehow my brother found
out and Anna's whole family found out
they called the British Embassy
and my family called the American
Embassy and my lawyer they contacted the
Ugandan customs and everything and they
made a big big report on them because
what they did was wrong they weren't
supposed to torture us like that they
put us through all that torture for no
reason we asked them even at the end
after sixteen hours later I asked him
what was wrong they're like no we cannot
tell you problems just an investigation
and they just let us go after it was
just a crazy day but a horrible
experience but I'm so glad that after
that it happened to be an amazing an
amazing experience and meeting the kids
on orphanage were just amazing amazing
time but that was just crazy I didn't
know my life was going to but I guess is
a crazy memory to think of and racial
profiling does exist sometimes so yeah
hope you guys enjoy this flag it's time
to wrap it up so I'll see you guys
tomorrow if you guys did enjoy this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up thank
you so much dooming you guys have been
going so hard on a thumbs up so if you
been going turkey go turkey on this vlog
and i'll see you guys tomorrow i'm gonna
be heading back to New York because
we're gonna be having an NYC show really
really soon so I'll see you guys soon
take care and peace play
member
