hey guys what's up right now we are in
Uganda I'm in the village of Uganda
we're filming a project day two and it
is going super well I just met the
orphans literally I'm gonna go back to
them later on today they're like Adam
when you coming back when you come back
I'm like yo I'm gonna be back in about
5-10 minutes cuz you know that if I
gotta film this one solo real quick and
ya see how this go so I just met the
cool homies okay what's your name what's
your name I'm a guy comes I'll tell him
anything mine when I get ready I put on
for it was I'm getting ready is what
what huh yes sir
good you got my son everybody go winner
yeah guys I want you guys to say what's
up say how you doing hey how you doing
what's so funny huh see how you doing
hey how you doing yeah I do see what I
know what up so I'm doing a belly
dancing in Uganda I gotta put on my
clothes and it's so weird cause like I
don't think on where's the stuff you're
gonna laughing but I guess I'm ready
okay calm laughter but it's cool in
every season like that's what's cool
Lenox needs bellydance woke up people
honestly was gonna tell you dance with
me Adam yeah you right yeah oh geez
money chemicals I'm in the process of
doing belly dancing Uganda I'm drinking
the water right now so so so hot
especially when I'm wearing this so so
it's like this roost over here or this
like chicken wakes me up in the morning
whenever I sleep and let's see if we try
to go to I'm gonna try to catch it or
something like that I don't know if he's
gonna want see it's right they sit I go
come on huh how you doing yeah oh oh oh
they don't understand your British slang
son do you think he's met he talks to
the chicken is maddening okay told you
boy you need some help is getting you
some seriously I'm going to the kids
right not to Feroz Bilal hello Rehema
and I want to see the reaction so let's
see this to remember if they know who I
am
hey what's up my piece I do it was
goodie I do it what's up final versa you
miss me a lot or a little bit miss me a
lot yes what's my name
no it's not what's my name again no it's
nice add the masala
I want no it's add the masala oh boy
adam ak seniors Allah know what's nuts
add the masala again no it's not add the
masala
okay geez if it's a together how are you
oh my yeah right before he just came to
kiss my arm he's like I love you either
yeah yeah you like desi yeah we told you
how to dance like that
who you me I feel so bad I do not have
many hats of these but I'm gonna give it
out I think I feel like one of you guys
deserve it um I'm gonna give it to write
him I'm gonna get rid to UM you want it
I'm gonna take care of it
next time I come I wanna see this hat
okay yes again I'm Megan a Duke WA and
okay well why not go man you're gonna
take care this hacker it's not gonna hit
me
it's not gonna like put the horn on me
or something focus the horn like so big
I have no clue probably saw the car roll
thud okay for the horn Oh Chisholm she
say what Allah say Allah well we have
these in Bangladesh trust me nothing's
gonna so touch it touch it touch it
so go next to it Fela let me see what go
you know your Betty Dodson not me yeah
be honest you do first just in case is
safe you go first
go in the middle a vacant house gopher
go straight in the middle you just got
done pranking nas finally I've been
waiting for this day for so long and the
best place to prank him was here in
Africa but there's one problem so I
brought one of the homies we found them
like somewhere he's like the local
gangster like a lot of people been
speaking about him he's like a gangster
and Uganda basically he was down to do
the video and it went horribly wrong and
I don't
hello I feel it I thought the dog was
coming I'm gonna die but what horribly
wrong because it was kind of like was
like a violent prank and like oh my god
I feel bad but thing is he didn't mind
because he was like he didn't matter
what happened it was like it's normal
he's basically like he's a gangster he's
not known as a wussy so this is why I'm
still gonna upload it but we're really
wrong I feel so bad I even more like I
feel so bad I don't want to upload a
bomb still gonna upload it and I finally
pranked them basically so I hope you
guys do enjoy it and it should be out a
couple days and tomorrow that bellydance
and uganda should be out so you guys got
a lot to look forward to have a lot more
to come that's gonna be released after
we leave and everything like that so
y'all are gonna go pray no let's go you
gonna go pray yeah
let's go pray together let's go mini
okay
why he digs i'ma let him go I'm not
gonna let you go okay I mean you're
gonna come out right okay okay it's
never been did anybody like that let's
see if you come to any green coffee bar
son is waiting for you want to go to
school much
put on your school day is up hey guys
what's up right now I'm here with the
homies right and Ziggy we are gonna give
you guys a tour on the Greenland
orphanage tour so I'm gonna do is first
on yeah yeah we're through the kitchen
greenland operate established 2001 four
to five year old kids stay in this room
then I'll show you the other keys Julie
hi Martin Hey they said Dhamma trade is
for the elder kids is for the girls it's
a great at least is a separation and
every room has got mother living with
the kids kids are not left on their own
every room has good mother everything
other son okay everything ready said
this is good ah sorry wherever this is
it is the only good and then the voice
which other about two or three years old
this Debbie the mother's now we move on
to the voice Martha go this is a boys
dimetric victory
this is the boys bedroom here this is
where they sleep some of them and it's
pretty much like let's say like you've
gone to college on Union you sleep in
dorms this is pretty much it sorry
okay then waking up to breakfast or
waking up to - eating - hanging out
chilling to school so this is pretty
cool so for our kids toys donated by it
by the trailer they went one day but the
three ladies who came from ITB so we
don't need in that kitchen
they donated this kitchen it cost about
300 pound only for kitchen turnover
they're only politicians that's the
inside of the kitchen this is the beans
what's that called again that is called
cassava a casaba a local language is
called open action use that as firewood
or firewood and this is very soft the
kids they eat breakfast lunch dinner
this is basically like a mushroom hug
can t decide right there so then this is
like a dining room the mushroom right
there all of their food store they do
shopping once a month they give us a
list and we keep the food in the story
and we do the shopping once a month yeah
this is a multiple dispensary rooms like
a little anybody's hurt somebody going
yeah everybody's ill injured or whatever
took one hit morning nurse mom chief
chief hydration she was she a ship I is
a fully qualified nurse and she stares
at the whole fish 24/7
she also treats our side kids free of
charge
we are critical
this is vitamin I like it as neat as
like super organizing I would have been
messy files in there Seidman like ever
knows the first room is office for
social vodka the NGO in Uganda we have
to have a full-time social worker here
to look after the kids next to them we
have got volunteer roles we get
volunteers coming from all over the
world and then wolves are kept for the
volunteers why the clove goes like that
that is a typical way of drying clothes
in Africa oh you just put on the grass
on your on the grass that one over there
is a washing bare where they kick wash
it off most of the kids will wash their
own clothes they are taught to watch
their wonderful that's what I need to do
I need to wash my own clothes these kids
are Washington or close by themselves
trying to their own world by themself
I need to start funny side no no do it
yourself not an item problem thank you
so much for hoping to get you know what
is you know he said we made we made like
an Instagram post of them in the link
and a lot of you guys have helped out so
he said he's proud of us which is not as
proud of them that's what it is them
that I open out you guys want to still
help out we recording more videos here
just to show you guys like it's not it's
not easy here for people to live it's
not easy easy and you can see with your
own eyes you can see now so if you guys
do want to help out with anything a
dollar ten pound it makes a difference
here trust me it may sound small feel
that makes a difference here the link
will be down below and there you are
seeing all the kids are amazing
beautiful hearts and I really wish
meskan well pup she had us gold if she
knows is stablished about 10 11 years
ago just for this
at this other we have our angels of
yourself
these are the music kids that you will
help out if you go to leave them alone
you'll even I got time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoy this bike if you
did make sure give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I'm losing my voice from laughing
so much with the kids and everybody and
I have a huge huge announcement for you
guys right now and it's so exciting even
though I'm so sad that I'm leaving back
home
I'm so excited to announce that the
orphanage asked me if I can be the
ambassador of this orphanage or
greenland orphanage and I'm so so
excited because it's like a dream come
true being a part of being an ambassador
of an orphanage that truly loved every
single one of this is just amazing it's
90% confirmed but it's pretty much
confirmed I will be coming back here
soon I will be coming back here again
and I cannot wait and see these people
that I've met these kids they're
seriously family to me and I really hope
their family with all you guys too and
I'm just I feel so overwhelmed so lucky
so thank you once again to Allah thank
you guys do me Hank thank you mama thank
you daddy if you're watching this and
they're just they've been calling me
they're so proud and yo that's the big
news I am the ambassador of Greenland
orphanage I'm here to support them to
show them love to bring more orphans
bring more kids and I really hope it
goes well and throughout the rest so
thank you all so so much for love and
support you guys have been showing for
the past few days I'm gonna go meet the
kids you guys will see in tomorrow's
vlog I'm gonna meet the kids last for
the last few minutes tell them by
telling peace out I have to hug mommy
photos you know I got a tongue peace out
what's my home you know and yeah than
that I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care do me gang make sure you give
it a thumbs up and I'll see y'all
tomorrow take care and peace I like
member
