hey guys what's up we are heading to
video shoot day number two it is Friday
and for you guys to prep like Wednesday
Thursday because in Malaysia were like
in the future how's it going it's about
8 a.m. in the morning and we're ready to
do the indoor shoots the green-screen
yesterday with the outdoor and in the
house today we're doing the green-screen
where you're just like chill it's not
gonna be that long as you're saying
let's give it a live pretty fast so I
pretty much got me again today nasi
lemak with chicken nuggets some
spaghetti with peanuts taste so buying
and you guys come to Malaysia make sure
you try this just got to the studio and
it looks amazing it's like this green
screen first of all green screen top how
this in mind you said you know that do
you know that okay I was dancing behind
you yesterday
housing I was dancing honey do you see
me then you leave my ears that's the
white the white background and it looks
like there's nothing here
we have two atoms
that still does it say by Mike Amazonia
so much for showing a lot much for 2
million you guys crazy amazing this
product cooling heat is here Mitchell a
chakra
you
guys guess what we've done with
everything and I'm so excited this
overly like I've been up for the past
like 40 hours meet him just woodworking
extra extra-hard I was going to say huge
shout out to Isaac I'm down for
everything
he shot our logos to everybody in
Malaysia do me any religion you guys are
amazing
it's coming out that ramadan is called
eid is here so make sure well let you
keep you guys updated so it's going to
be an amazing means something that
brings your spirit up something really
new and us hope that the celebration for
eat this year year will be like massive
influence it's already a public holiday
now yes New York he's a Malaysian he's
from the east side of the world
yeah in his Muslim I'm from the west
side I'm gonna watch that one our Muslim
so we came together we see that you did
we all together sorta songs all about
togetherness
yes let's celebrating hundred it all
around you all around the world notice
for you guys things like health care so
every year so consoling us thank you for
everything
shut up director wine will become back
everything so the Malaysia edge finder
right then so thank you guys so much we
were heading to the messages to pray
Jamar it's our first time for Angela in
Malaysia and I'm so excited because I
love like Doraemon of different
countries pretty cool like different
from where I live and America so see how
this goes and I'm going to be doing and
I'm gonna be doing belly dancing in
Malaysia I mean you're filming it
how you are known fellow
Oh
Oh
so proud of Kim going everybody's
looking for party
so the so much traffic is apparently the
king of Malaysia is praying in this
mosque that we're at and me and not a
way like flip-flops yeah because people
tend to like just take your shoes and
like that so it's long like about no
good you go pick them up okay come on
huh brother go but your mother go let's
go come on
I think it was motorcycles at parking
here to go pray this is beautiful oh my
god it was so gay just
I want to give a huge shout-out to the
homie amar taking us around Malaysia my
scene right yeah alright people say that
I'll keep saying it wrong but I'm not by
saying this around Malaysia is because
I'm uh it's not Malaysia and I stopped
saying like that yeah I'll just say
Malaysia Malaysia I just have a thing
he's showing us all around them Malaysia
he shows all on basics I'm doing the
belly dancing in Malaysia and it is
going
amazing and this is basically behind the
scenes of my belly dancing all around
the world I've done Bahamas I've done
Paris of the New York I've done London
now I'm doing a Malaysia I've done in
the Train
I started doing it inside New York City
like I started like doing the Starbucks
in the Train
like all these weird places and now I'm
just been going like just worldwide with
it in it's become a trend this is
something that just like wherever I go
I'm gonna have to always do it doesn't
matter where I go I'm gonna have to
always do it so this is just like
something that me and the Numa gang you
know about and probably a lot of people
know me go the guy we're just belly
dance around the world hi kitty kitty
but
okay are you like Kitty seemed so tired
she likes to spread underneath a smile
I take a whole kit letting me take a
selfie cat
Alvie
oh my god guys the cat is following
oh my god oh this is sweet oh my god
oh my god it's the cutest thing ever I
want to say go
oh my god I'm gonna think okay
I gotta go guys its following don't go
out don't go out don't go out the cars
the streets is here the street is here
I'm gonna miss you so much alright I'm
gonna come back and visit you I promise
I promise you okay look I'm back in
bitch I promise
don't go out as Kitty keeps following me
look
my kitty don't leave don't cause she a
promise don't I'll be back I promise
I love you
so you can see like in a minute oh my
god
we're legit in the jungle huh hey monkey
nos you're gonna see a house tonight
oh I thought it came up sup monkey bro
this is crazy
papi something I don't
how about come on yeah hey I should do
now let me go let me go nice open jumper
great Adam oh it's ball fax coming up
alter his penis is hard bro is big
enough okay I'm getting back in the car
whoa I'm risking my life about to go in
the jungle and dance the monkeys to do
the belly dancing and Malaysia I'm about
to go back in a holy cat oh I shoulda
told ya oh where is it oh my god oh fuck
Oh Mars beating quick whoa
only dance with Ivan I'm skin just ends
then I gotta do anything oh my gosh what
are they gonna touch me I'm telling you
oh my god way to kill arms that kid what
do they do it oh I well that was quick
oh oh he's alright she even jumped can
sound sweet go next oh oh yeah no no I'm
not feeling this one oh no oh oh what's
that makes Boise what that and they're
fighting
I'm sorry guys that you guys gotta watch
this but this is just nature it at the
animal channel History Channel oh the
fighter oh oh oh hit it Oh what up cuz
nice do we dare come on this show you go
you go I'm not gonna do winter like open
open I get not ever again I think these
ones are dangerous to go to those those
that's it good
I was no way to get no more these two is
enough alone away hold up guys I'm
scared
Oh oh shit oh no what just do it just do
it man come on that's really big
yeah turn the car off
Tara why isn't the windows John oh yeah
quick come in building one work of it
damn it let's go fishing
yeah make a video in lucky though yeah
you like all of this all of this we're
not talking about a jungle here I want
it is a homey honest just joined us a
number
you missed the jungle man it's just
crazy
I want to do the better games I know you
shouldn't chase me later I'll tie got
you don't matter listen we got the nanos
chicken Naz the British guy he's the one
that ordered all this I didn't know what
to get he just comes in here and just
knows what to what to order so yeah
after what part about you yeah I got
it's time to wrap up this vlog hope you
all enjoy this flag you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
I've had a long long day it's about I
think 3 a.m. there Israeli Saturday is 3
it's crazy that you guys are going to
watch this vlog when I'm already done
with Friday and you guys are probably
some of you guys in the world are having
even like one studio matter having start
a fight it's just so crazy somehow know
that you guys are like all the way in
the past and I'm all the way here in the
future but yeah I got to wake up in
about five six hours to go to the meet
and greet and I'm so excited about that
and I just wanna say thank you guys so
much for the lot of support you guys
have been showing throughout this whole
Malaysia journey throughout this whole
Africa journey UK New York everywhere I
go to actually thank you guys so so much
know me gang you guys are amazing and
have been showing so much support and I
just can't wait to see my family in a
few days and spend Ramadan with them and
belly dancing and Malaysia will be out
this Sunday so don't think I'm gonna
leave without doing a belly dancing in
Malaysia so then I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care I love you guys so much thank
you guys for all of us support once
again I'll see y'all soon I'm gonna try
to visit the cat tomorrow and leave in
the comments below what you think I
should name the cat and I'm gonna see if
I can just go to it I don't know if I
could bring it with me but I'm gonna see
if I can go to it up now see ya tomorrow
take care of tummy gang I love you peace
member
