hey guys what's up good morning it's
5:00 you having play and about to go get
some breakfast and Malaysia what is out
of it it's ham but it's all of this
hello him yeah yeah yeah how long run so
I'm not even poor no you're not this
notebook I can assure you there's no
poke in the head so everything here is
hello yep everything is a lot on a sick
chicken can I eat you oh hello uncle I
got me an omelette toast
some turkey ham chocolate donut and
chocolate
that's why it was on your phone
everybody have been commenting why are
you always on the phone sorry tell them
what guess two for this one is literally
like 24/7 emails to air updates etc etc
Korea and and dealing with phone comes
from around the world because of Adam
basically this Adams phone that's not
even by voice
zero down he goes
my man teaches what okay this is my
second meal
I got nasi lemak it's a famous type of
food in Malaysia and I got some chicken
curry guess what I did not get no sleep
and I have an 11 hour shoot right now
I'm filming
and yeah I don't know how I'm going to
do this but we just drink so much Red
Bull this day up and
as much as I can so I get it I so we
just made a destination we are at the
compound which is the village of
Malaysia the hometown of Malaysia and
we're gonna be filming here for the next
10 hours is about 9 a.m. right now
hey let's what is it the chicken yep
check it out roosters you know you're
gonna try to catch does a bite if I
catch it it doesn't bite they might you
just gotta grab it from behind you catch
it first go to verse out right right
how's the place
day three go Turkey or a turkey for the
shoot yours oh yeah so we are like this
sick sick house it's like a huge mansion
that we're gonna be filming it right
there look so many rooms balcony hey
what's that how you doing hi say hi go
like this what's your name Robbie ha
copy
Robbie nice way from you're from
Malaysia India Indonesia I shout out to
Indonesia I want to go to Indonesia
Jakarta maybe you want to take me there
take that big hood ok
yeah
you
they really shy but yeah frozen ice
Arisa Nadia and if you like a sip hi
Cassie what up he's really shy
alrighty what up eyes are gonna crush
and often much love it ready yes the
change sound that's a change yeah dude
it I'm not looking gonna say you're what
up cuz cuz what up homie say what up son
yeah what up son how you got it I got it
say Oh mom it was good
I'm a good mom I'm in New York
bye you guys say I'm uh um hey yo shorty
your shoulder
hey yo shorty shorty shorty hey go ahead
just finish the first scene and it went
crazy amazing I'm so excited because
this is like the video I'm gonna be like
doing these dancing choreographer this
card for teachers over there and mean
eyes at probably like the worst dancers
but we still got enjoyed this don't do
it ready looks like a what today also
gonna do some more crazier dances I
mentioned I listen to do some to all the
whole team
hi my name is Jay how do happen let's go
some directors day yeah okay say hi be
camera
what's up man I don't my dad is I don't
have the big boss way I do men feel good
your hey I'm good what's your name
Mesa her name is weasel yeah
ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
he's a choreography niggas dance so what
some okay that's nice to meet you what's
your name
Tina Tina my name is Shawn
Fozzy hiding what you're hiding what's
your name
meg mac chasm extra people fall in love
in mysterious ways maybe just the touch
of the hand me I fell in love with you
every single day and now I just wanna
tell you who I am so honey now take me
into your loving arms kiss me under the
light of a thousand stars it is raining
super hard throughout the car outside
shoot yes it is it's not mama no this is
super hard for me this is wait half an
hour later we see how it goes yeah
okay what's up good what happens we need
down like Jeep as a puppy in like in the
space of 30 seconds you get what you
talking about what what it don't do much
coffee
yeah bro a lot of coffee so I was
getting really tired and I ended up
chugging three like cups of coffee in a
matter of like 30 seconds I don't hear
it show them yeah this is not this is
not a product placement or like a brand
beer just proved that Evans like nuts
peanuts this goes like monkey no oh my
god but now watch me whip watch me nae
nae now watch me whip whip whip now
watch me knit gonna do it sailing man
dude yes really feel sliced up - oh let
me up
I'm trying to sleep musician so my idea
what bro I'm just trying to cuddle
I mean dark yeah ah do you know Jimmy
love yes see you maybe
oh I got shot down or this five more
five more girls
oh shoot they continue to be video
lesson
it's for my girl stuff are you running
away
oh my god hey I just want a sale ever
said I saw you yeah
you
so isit just turned ten Arab yeah a nice
turn into melayu similar yeah I know
that's how you not like about couple
right so now you see you say kick kick
keep it hug Kaiba has ham dinner hungry
the Handy that's point yeah dome in my
sleep I came to see copycat for me so
after a long video shoot we're out here
and pavilion mall chillin so totally
amazing what we're doing it's a bit more
yeah yeah so we're gonna see how it is
here you have a cool water faucet I
gotta take you out I gotta take you out
yeah just get you get you mom
there's a lot Arabs here everybody
staring at me with a camera do it
beautiful
basically my
so are you doing what the homie good
here
see I see hi
xiexie alien share with that one Harvick
yeah
I would say
the moat
sir
so guys I met the homie Abdullah he's
from Saudi and he doesn't have his phone
so I said it's a primitive life what do
you say and there was it I will say I
miss you are unable to see you
Thank You bhai vomit I so sleep and it's
very high for your daughter I love my
money yeah Reba
i gosh shut up sorry my dojo thank you
chill in here and the shisha is not just
left the homie Romney sit without a big
mommy and I don't know what moron
they found me here and the Shoshanna
snapchat snapchat or something like this
right here I saw the floor and I knew
that this is for this recipe
well you as a cool small rama's begun
they have a youtube channel with it with
you to turn over arab chain space
friends with yours mine is warm our om
space has some definitely check them
here to show of a liquid or either
I love ELISA nice almond and yeah he's
George or Dini right yeah he's going to
yeah he's go to Jordan Katcher do
charity event so maybe maybe they're
gonna meet there and fall in love at
first sight in Georgia
oh my god it's time to wrap up this vlog
I hope you all enjoy this rock if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey if you made it to the end
this vlog and if you're watching this at
the end of ugh give it a thumbs up I
wanna see how much people in do me yank
are watching our blogs till the end that
will truly mean a lot thank you guys so
much for that I will see you guys
tomorrow
in Malaysia I am doing a meet-and-greet
there it's going to be an organized mean
agree because I want to meet every
single one of you take pictures and
every single one of you so there's going
to be like a cool like line thing
there's security and everything is going
to be cool but we change the location
from a set of the mezzanine floor it's
in the third floor near like the rooftop
at Avenue K shopping mall and Kuala
Lumpur at the third floor 12:30 p.m.
Saturday so I'm so excited and I met a
lot of you in the hotel lobby but I'm
going to be probably a lot more of you
in Saturday and it's just just crazy
knowing that people know me from like
Malaysia I would have never knew I
people known for like Malaysia and like
that so it feels really cool like a
blessing so it's just been a crazy long
day and I'm so excited if you guys see
this project the project in Africa UK
just everywhere i'ma let you guys I'm
gonna keep saying and we keep saying
ever imma let you guys know in a couple
days every single i'ma write it down and
you guys will see everything other than
that I'll see you guys tomorrow
do me gang take care or peach like
