hey guys what's up good morning it is a
nice sunny cloudy day here in London we
were heading to the airport Sheikh is
leaving back into New York City to go
some family stuff
I'm gonna miss Jake sleeping this guy's
been sleeping since yesterday for like
14 hours already he's still knocked up
shake wake up son what's up with your
sleeping all day
I really gotta sleep you sucked like 14
hours wrote you 20 hours sleep are you
wasting your whole half a day to sleep
oh yeah we're going to UM I'm gonna go
drop them off and then go back to post
them stuff and a couple days I've been
leaving to Uganda and I'll be talking
guys reason why maybe tomorrow and yeah
should go great I'll see you guys next
cut Shakespeare
like a saddle
and I'm used to seeing shake like almost
every single day so it's gonna be hard
it's not like
last time identity shake led one whole
week sparkly
I am yo
safe sex example
why not get-go good for students that
uniform the
I'm going to try to go where one of
theirs shot a snots if they sell like
those squeal for me so they don't sell
it's like people who are students and I
think they're really cool I don't know
most of you think it's not cool enough
like that but it's it's really cool
trust me because the ones in New Yorker
just like a white shirt and khaki pants
and it's two guys even here it's not
even like cool you guys have a sick
Blazers sick ties really dope so I want
to see
take off
I'm gonna go to gasps it's my first time
going to do gas in the UK
and I gotta go give him like 20 pounds
and say number 10 that's weird
deal where
of
on off
I'm up in a guest room
I don't feel together yes
oh well you have to give me money that's
a great oh yeah
I did it I did it we did it we did it
hooray look at these houses there we is
the East London yeah this house is an
East London on the cool really cool it's
quieter by now we're heading to the
studio but do something cool and new I
cannot announce what we're doing or
anything like that but it's pretty
obvious to go into the studio for
something and yeah I'm just so excited
for it I cannot wait to show you guys
all I want in short Sun it's cold boil
it man it's cold way dressed like you're
in Alaska because it was cold as one
good know Alaska's part of America right
yeah but it's cold right
Alaska's quarry Alaska's like the North
Pole like the people that lived there
but it's culturally 20 22 degrees all
right in this girl it's free - manager
no it's not a psych team is cold I'm
saying but when New York was like
medical nexor you know we just got her
studio I'm here with Wes team so I don't
know what's up what's up stuff you guys
don't know he was like the had we call
it the director that director the
everything for the video for the working
with diamond girl we trying to talk
about the next got off the lyrics we
love it don't worry kid the bees are
good people good use base a director for
like the for the video for diamond girls
stuff like that so producing a lot of
new stuff is just yeah so just keeps you
guys he's addicted on his phone it's all
right back and yeah we got the one and
only mangy stranger but create a saloon
or stuff oh yeah are you ready
this guy's going to him he thinks I'm
loving it he's going it I'm loving it we
got the one and only Joe genius lien
rose and leather like I disappeared does
you guys think it's easy but it's like a
thousand thing
let's make an appearance what don't do
nothing
how did John why did you do back in the
day I'm not computer thinks huh why it's
tiny be for me of a delays and stuff
cool
no no I want to show them what we go
through until I get yourselves that
we're having we're having beef as in
this life are never a fool even over
here we're having beef yeah over like
basically when I'm when I'm hearing
myself asagna yo yo yo it's like
afterwards oh no nothing I think just
take it out like mine years I'm just I
don't think his own way yeah I have a
little mouse go and sing ready bro hey
bro
oh yeah fully filled with good man I do
actually whatever sing out a video magic
legacy book hey wassup me bro mission no
matter our age coming down bro
it's a bring top agency so what is
Dominic researcher that Sam does not
dominoes dominoes dominoes dominoes
dominoes or you tell me yesterday with
alphabet Mimas his dominoes the meanest
the me poison is all about say say what
yeah all right so we all know yeah Stu -
Amy C D F G M and P o p LM and OB you
say that all yeah what do ya'll say
element o P as well yes y'all yeah Chico
so why do Americans make the letter O
into an off cuz isolator o dominoes
no it's dama do you get what hey you got
me there there you go I had it C
dominoes dominoes
see you always do it Larry dominoes what
the heck
same of your famous on dominoes there's
a mission Tom in our Dominic that money
doing personal flavor cookie mumsy it
can't and prop
moms don't go D right then you sure
about our son
there's a bulldozer in that case
in that case I'm gonna gonna take care
of all the best much luck for me I don't
notice the difference between like both
your acts I think both of them are posh
like I think if you go to New York
it's like push for us like it's like the
Queen's greener greens in the shots the
Queen's Head americorps it's like the
Queen's English if you guys are gonna
talk but we don't know the difference
but maybe I'm starting to notice it now
because I realize I'm sorry I'm not
happy okay everyone's caught I feel you
gonna tell them about how Americans
think you guys speak English better than
the English
you
I win a square right now he's making me
some dinner and in and in after a long
hairy allergen studio nine hours nine
hours in the studio and I don't know
what that is what's a call this is sort
of basic heaven how you making it get
away I find it a bit so some rats blow
up some rice you had added some prawns
appear here that come in somewhat prunes
so here's some prawns some broccoli
where's Annika shut the head also over
here we have what is that little paper
this is what we call lamb shank lamb
what yet lamb shank lamb shank lamb
shank
oh it's it's like this pop the way you
gotta show them and I'm gonna eat it and
think about yeah five right I mean here
we have that mint sauce with less or
gravy and you know visit valley food or
just the regular no no no this is this
is a British one for years British food
so what it is but this football game and
liquid this was from against Chelsea he
got crack woman
did you get a red card for that oh good
fight oh the fighting oh my god
your volu funny hi guys it's time to
wrap up this vlog hope you all enjoy
this night I don't know why I'm lovin
you huh different that I know so much no
no I'm good I'm good
I mean it still easy for my Mahara when
I vlog and put my arm up my whole
shoulder like kills me so I'm just like
putting it down so sorry if I'm like
looking weird right now so today's
another lonely day we're gonna be
something else I'm gonna announce all
the stuff you know a little about little
let you guys know but it's exciting
things and I really hope you guys can go
on this journey with me it's gonna be a
crazy exciting journey it has not even
like started yet to turn up know what
I'm saying because we're leaving to
Uganda I believe tomorrow or the day
after tomorrow
other than that make sure you give a
thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
peace I like
you
