I'm so ready for this game I'm so ready
guys let me tell you about this game for
a second so today is our last game of
the season but wait let me tell you this
game is so serious this game is so
important if we win
we make the playoffs if we lose our
season is over today it doesn't get much
more real than that you waiting to make
the playoffs you lose you're done
bye go home I've been thinking about
this game and just waiting and waiting
to play it is finally time to head over
I literally told everybody today for my
family to my friends I just told them I
said yo don't talk to me today I gotta
get in my game mode today I look
literally I was just by myself I didn't
want to talk to anybody
yeah this is the most important game of
the season and I'm ready for it like the
pressure is big-time right now people
got butterflies in their stomach my
teammates I know they're nervous meet
myself I'm not gonna lie I'm nervous
basketball players are judged by games
that have a lot on the line
aka in the game today the way I see it
fun go out there and I let my team lose
the game that I suck at basketball I'm
not a good basketball player and I'm
ready to push my team into the playoffs
one of the most important days of my
life and I hope we pull out this W for
you guys where are my keys oh shit
wait give me a second community oh wait
they're in my pocket good for this
freaking game my keys are not market
anything that you think I'm in the right
mindset to see you spin a box of shoes
on your head are we gonna win this game
and make the playoffs where's my team
gonna choke am I gonna choke what's
gonna happen Oh
according to analytics and everything
I've accumulated with this whole surgery
thing I think is gonna win yeah oh I
forgot to mention well Mel's not playing
tonight guys that's why they're gonna
win no honestly guys bro Mel is a huge
huge part of our team success how many
points of the average be honest like 20
no like 25 or 30
jokes aside okay we know Brandon and
Rimmel are good together but can randon
win by himself like well there's
literally nothing going through my head
right now except win this basketball
game after this basketball game if we
win then I'll start to think like oh hey
I'm Brandon I'm a youtuber I have family
and everything but for now the only
thing on my mind is when does a small
game
I can't
there we go be good take hit that beat
all day
here we go dad
there we go
while in Shu
that's what we do take
thirty
there look
J all day
there we go
hey take your time
there we go
Oh
come on shoot that there we go Jay
there we go there we go
there we go
it's brand-new I thought you gonna mock
us my ratio
no threes
Larry go Chris
now he's standing there he's probably
checking out who's not playing to bomb
the team
wait
so if you see me playing again right now
let me just tell you what happened you
know I took my shoes off I was about to
walk out of the gym after we already won
our game my hip was hurt my knee was
hurt and I'm about to leave and this
random dude comes up to me saying yo I
saw you play and we need one more player
or else we won't have enough to play so
do you want to play and you know me I'm
not gonna turn down basketball put my
shoes back on and now here I am playing
for some random team after I already won
my first game oh and if you see Rome L
is because he came later after work a
decent shooter worried about me branded
honesty I gave the ball 50 times he'll
make 5 so people behind the back pass
wide open chopped miss look at him he
doesn't know how to play defense what
would you be doing right now we got a
block and I got a rebound
what is he thinking right now I didn't
hear no I'm not gonna get the ball I'm
not gonna go show him my getting the
ball I'm not getting the ball I'm
setting a pig I'm not getting the ball I
still don't know how to play defense see
Brandon's left to get the ball
there we go that's all Brandon knows how
to do one for one would you pick up
Brandon or no what did he say about my
dream
hey he's giving you a percentage and
everything 5 for 15 33% hit the one that
matters Tom here I've talked about some
fat fun fact about Brandon Ashley
Brandon growing a lot of basketball
games yeah yes a the last couple years I
remember when I would even pass this
random Harlem
Yeah right now say like it was named
bang hooting food
these are too crappy teams playing right
now oh my god what Brandon I don't even
know how Brandon's playing right now we
played at lunch time he played that game
over there and now he's playing this
game so you know Romel right he's happy
yeah he had some mean words about
Brandon on the court saying he's not
good
what are you hey Ramon can I get you
over here for one second so explain to
ollie over here what you were saying
about Brandon on the court and how he
plays
what do you say there we go okay okay I
wanna see the hands okay okay I like I
like that have that want Brandon to
become better now the chocolate court
you guys won this game - you're on a
little winning streak over here there's
a lot of bad things coming from this guy
over here I'm gonna say not only did I
get one win today I got two well
actually was his only game yeah and he
got any got fouled out yeah but hold on
you know Ollie right your best friend
yeah yeah my boy rate guy great guy
he let this guy know the eyes won't let
you know the Ollie did nothing but back
you up and support your go give him a
hug and a kiss oh I want a kiss I want a
kiss
we can undo my camera's off like my dad
I know I got does like a pop off right
there
got some beers it's 909 our game was at
six and Brandon is still here talking to
be full hit look look yeah now he's
waving yeah yeah yeah I swear some
accountant say well we need one he would
go I swear if someone says your name do
not turn around no keep going no don't
stop and keep going let's go no let's go
let's go
okay Brandon tells me I swear to God on
my acting right now
dumb ass I know you're not acting
playing warm warm it is bet what them
show me what those hips do I can't then
it looks I can go this way like really
honest you got needed to win that hand
was close
close and who asked that at one point
but my teammates came to clubs they say
to me that I played that shit so I'm
glad my teammates were there for me I've
been really upset with myself I've been
really mad at myself for losing the game
so now I will go to the South happy it's
all good shout to my teammates and I
can't wait for next week playoffs baby
until they I don't even know the second
game I play I don't know who the hell
what the situation they were and I just
played we won that game so two wins
until the next week guys for the
playoffs thank you so much for watching
this video I really hope you guys enjoy
I need to ice my head I'm probably
having to do it and to talk to the gym
tomorrow morning because I basketball
too but yeah thank you so much for
watching if you didn't we make the
playoffs for you guys
I don't like its weight you guys like to
see us in the playoffs trying to see if
we go in the champion so we did it for
you but thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoy great everyone I loved me
back off
and I'm out to people I can never ever
find the right word just there's no way
this is real science
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
