three fo five seats sound hey listen
guys it is not a good idea to come to
the mall on Black Friday just look at
and me and then it's got so lucky we saw
these people leaving well let me say
thank you thank you
and now Dennis is gonna try to park in a
small tight on the car there's someone
in the car next time too so I hit that
Oh with this all there's someone in the
car now you can't hit it
why don't you could hit it even if there
was no one in there but hey hopefully he
fits so that you don't hit his car hey
even if you hit his car I honestly
brought you some Happy Thanksgiving and
you know it's all good for sure hey so I
didn't know my boy Justin was working
but I told Dennis I'm like if I see
Justin I can't control myself I'm gonna
scream and I walk in I said JK I want to
do that I want you to go in the back and
then walk on ice cream again I'm just
joking no it's they're gonna kick me out
I screamed so loud I couldn't control
myself so we let Jay go so he doesn't
get in any trouble but you know what I
told him go even if you get some trouble
for talking to us and they fire him I'll
hire him as my manager both like you
running store anymore
why now now now now well I love my
friends
thanks to me is over but I'm so thankful
for my friends but when I saw Justin
where I was talking about Justin not you
but I mean you two obviously but when I
saw Justin it felt like you know when a
dog sees a tree and their tail starts
wagging in their mouth starts going
that's how it was when I saw Justin and
I couldn't control myself I had to
scream Jay case and then everybody
started staring at me hey I want to do
it again if we see JK
you like that vlogger better damn oh
yeah because you're about to get fired
huh look at this huge line of car and
everybody waiting to park me and Dennis
are about to leave right now you know
cool we're gonna feel getting in the car
and leaving and people are gonna die yo
Joe can we get your spot we're leaving
we're leaving everyone hey I feel like
people actually like like me I feel
wanted for once because they're using us
for our parking spot what you think they
actually you know we were actually
wanted or they just yo guys some
extremely excited right now because
inside of a jewelry store in the back
room and I'm picking up my first I don't
know if you want to call it I don't know
what you what do you want to call it big
purchase like big I mean I have it I
have a gold chain and that was a pretty
big purchase to me but I'm actually
picking up probably one of the biggest
purchases of my life aside from you know
the house me and my brother put down for
my parents or my car
shoutout to this lady Charlie who she
drove all over California to get this
for me and pretty much custom made is
still need to get some work done they're
gonna show it to me today but it won't
be ready until tomorrow so I can't pick
it up today okay guys so here it is it
actually looks beautiful but this isn't
the finished product this is what it is
right now and then we're gonna come back
tomorrow to see what it looks like when
it's done but Dennis you like it I see I
see
I know it's kind of cold look around
come on all mobile it's : oh and thank
you to Charlie for helping me out she
drove I don't know if you want to tell
them how far away
always make it happen thank you so much
and yeah guys this is probably aside
from a house and a car this one of my
biggest purchases so I'm excited so
since we purchased the beautiful
bracelets we actually ended up getting a
free xbox one so thank you so much for
that hey what do you think I should do
with this use it use it I was thinking a
little giveaway for this so guys no
details or rules on the giveaway just
yet but just know that if you're
interested in winning a brand new Xbox
1s keep up with the video keep up with
the videos giveaway coming in the near
future yeah bro oh my god so what's up
what's your name Jerry nice to meet you
how long were you waiting over here
four years four minutes four minutes I
think I made you wait a little longer
guys wallows getting my work done inside
we have a bunch of people waiting by
here so thank you guys for waiting and
you guys want to take pictures on the
way out the MT red carpet yo guys shout
out we're getting escorted to the car I
think that's the most fans that I've
ever been with ha because he sees me a
lot over here hey Dennis how many
pictures did you take no you took a lot
but now we got to leave them all so uh
that was crazy guys so many people I
love you guys so much do you love them
Dennis I always come to this mall I
always end up I don't know getting in
trouble for a random thing it's not his
fault not my fault okay guys so I think
I'm knowing that this small for getting
kicked out it's not my fault it's not
the security's fault there's just like
so many supporters so much love from all
of you guys that it gets to the point
where it's dangerous
I don't mind honestly I love it so fun
when I meet a bunch of you guys but I
guess mall safety or you know it's a
safety hazard when there's too many
people so they escorted me out but it's
all good I got to meet literally every
single one I was telling whichever
security that was next to me whether it
was him or somebody else I was just like
okay hold on let me just say one more
pictures one more picture and I got to
meet every single one of you guys I was
waiting just like all those people
waited for me outside the jewelry store
then I could wait to take a picture for
all of them so I waited
how long did we say extra after I bought
those then it's like two hours hey it's
the least I could do for you guys the
diamond store was so bougie that look
even the
it looks like the diamond emoji so I'm
sitting here on the way back to the
house you know thinking I finessed a
free xbox one I'm all happy I'm giving
it away and then Dennis goes bro
you realize you pretty much just paid
$25,000 for Xbox one and I looked at
Dennis I said bro why'd you have to kill
my happiness that's pretty much what it
was $25,000 Xbox this bet this Xbox
better come with freaking every game on
earth all the cheat codes and both this
Xbox if I stand in front of someone and
call of duty in front of my enemy and
they shoot me in the head 50 times with
a sniper
I shouldn't die if I ever play Devin
Booker in 2k I better make every single
one of my shots and beat him by 100 this
Xbox better be Xbox 50 sounds better
I swear and better make the sounds
better in real life not just in 2k so
Dennis meets 20 fans at the mall and all
of a sudden he's on Instagram I'm saying
Thank You Joss suborders showing love
look at you mr. famous tell them Brandon
says what's up if they know who I am
yeah yo since Dennis is the big-time one
now I don't know if you guys so remember
me but Brandon says what's up get off my
butt is here thank you
he's been on live ever since you got to
go why Dennis okay look here let me show
you how it goes so now it's when you
tell everybody you love them that's how
you tell them tell them to wait
personally you say you came yo guys
thank you for joining Genesis live
you're in the blog right now I love you
guys watching and I'm out don't let the
fame get to your hand go I'm gonna make
you tattoo stay humble on your body then
if you let it get to your head after one
mall trip I'm crying stop there
what you do know Dennis you're crazy
just ask for a box to go like I get
bojay how is word arrow milk
they said you're coming out to this song
we made it I mean it's cool and all
Dennis we've been friends for a while
now and everything but I can't I just
sleep a lower road you have to move your
ball mattress in here and sleep in the
same room as me what move it
I'm trying to tell you you have a house
just go what are you not going to move
it back when I'm trying to sleep
why would I move it back okay I'm gonna
expose you
how are you forcing me out of my
apartment come in here Dennis why would
I force you out of your apartment your
face tell them you don't do that no see
me I see them understand you but it's
nighttime Barbie my privacy okay now
look here okay
when I was sleeping my apartment that
one day and I said no but I can't sleep
here what did you do you I swear that
dance abroad I'm so tired I can't move
nothing guys is a liar and I second of
all what are you doing right now
I'm eating my left or that Apple because
I kept the whole time give proof okay
you gotta put that I brought your
batches Oh Dennis clean up mess to you
at 1:00 in the morning
exactly go in your room here yes there
was
no I show the game we're watching it's
live right now no it's not live right
now it's like 2:00 in the morning LeBron
on the bench god I wouldn't be
relaunching the sound right now but they
got killed way too bad so I'm not trying
to watch that over again so I thought
it's really really bad off I don't know
what it's from but I've had it for at
least a week so today I went to the
pharmacy and I was like yo listen to
this what do you recommend for me and
then she goes is there your car is it
dry in the beginning what you say don't
lie ok well there is me you kids but I
didn't want to embarrass myself it
sounds gross so I said it's dry and then
he said the egg was actually yeah but
then we got to know each other
Lucas so then I had to take these wait
did you - uh-huh
it says thing to my sleep Juke water so
there's a problem it says when you take
this you have to drink a lot of water to
meet you dehydrated but there's more
problem it's 2:00 in the morning if I
take it I'm about to go to sleep how am
I gonna do quater in my sleep Bowie if
not good he says you must drink water I
know but you're not gonna pass out in
your sleep you know ok imagine tomorrow
exactly well like this one dropping four
five six seven eight bugs in my what is
it called and my dish rack in my dish
rag one two three four five six seven
eight now Dennis Dennis Dennis listen
okay
okay it's one thing you bring your mouth
well that's either my toe hair or
Jackie's here oh that's not so here okay
listen Dennis you want me to tell them
the truth okay what's your side of the
story now what I never wanna date is the
overnight brain he said man I said what
he said oh man sleepover today I said no
Brian either summer yesterday and he
said no super slippy I said no boy I
can't move anything cuz I was flying a
similar couch he said okay here comes
takes my whole bed and
brings you here I'm sitting there
holding my blinking pillow in the middle
always okay hold on listen I appreciate
the effort but please don't lie to my
fans so got a story my story is not a
story here's what actually happened I
don't know why people call the story I'm
trying to go to sleep my jaw is already
like a sleep my eyes already closed I
was under my blanket I hear the doorbell
rings six seven times okay in my head
I'm like I'm not opening is probably my
crazy uncle or it's probably just you
know someone trying to play a prank so I
didn't open it next thing you know I
hear the lock turned cuz dennis has a
copy of my key I see the air mattress
barging through the roof makes a lot of
stories he knocks everything down in the
kitchen he knocked the saw pepper down
he knocked all the paper plates and
everything I see him I see him walking
with the air mattress and he has the
pillow and blanket on his shoulders he
puts it he says hey Bret I hope you
don't mind I crash over here hold on
turn the camera at both of our faces
okay okay look at this don't touch me
look at it and tell who's lying you're
lying I'm how I dance so are you staying
or ten minutes you mean I'm following
you out the door
you think I'm staying here alone you
admitted it
no I'm saying this time I a little bit
last time guys so I usually don't even
drink this much water in a full day but
the girl from the pharmacy scared me
when she saw me the mucinex
and then she was like and remember you
gotta stay hydrated drink a lot of water
so now okay so nothing will happen to me
my sleep bro drink water you don't
understand you took two moose and
exactly someone I third third bottled
water
what really yeah I drink like six Gator
eggs a day
that's not good okay but these body tips
from me okay what do Phoenix Suns
players drink Gatorade yeah we're
playing you're just a hater aid
robot robot robot robot robot robot
spent $1 on Gatorade
we're getting Rome again Rick oh now
you're not complaining about change the
channel put something interesting huh
Dennis don't ever put hate and
basketball games in the same sentence
yeah Dennis smell okay you smell worse
okay that's why nobody wants to sit next
to you yeah nobody wants to sleep in
here anyways bother would sleep on my
bed no he wouldn't
Dennis you shed worse you should offer
everywhere I roll you freaking poop all
over the walls
you're worse than bothered don't ever
talk shit about my dog especially in my
room now you made me look mean I'm not a
mean person I love Dennis I love
everyone on earth but like don't talk
about Bosley that's like my son how
would you like it if you had a first
baby son and somebody was talking smack
about him huh go to sleep my child go to
sleep it's really really early right now
but I woke up to edit my video Dennis is
not waking up anytime soon trust me we
went to sleep at like 3:00 in the
morning and it's 6:00 right now so we
only slept for three hours where I
should stay high on the slope for 3
hours because dennis is gonna be asleep
like a hibernating bear but I need to
get this video done early because I have
a lot to do today so woke up 6 a.m.
grind and it's time to get this video
done for you guys oh by the way I'm
Dennis this side of the story
might have been a little bit true I
guess if you want to call it that and I
kind of forced him to sleep here by
bringing his mattress what can you say I
love my friends ok guys so we came back
the day later to pick up the finished
product
it's beautiful 20 carats it looks so
nice the good thing about having a tiny
wrist is dennis can't steal the bracelet
I think oh so we away my mom watches my
videos never mind mom just know that
there might be a surprise coming soon
but I'm not gonna tell you what it is
wait Charlie I had a quick question so
if it gets dirty and I have to wash it I
just drop in the washer and dryer okay
you know guys I'm here to close out
today's video by saying I hope you
really did enjoy this video one thing I
wanted to say about the bracelet is that
I'm in love with it you know me I don't
really like to spend too much money on
myself I don't really like to treat
myself and buy myself things a majority
of things that I borrow from my parents
family members friends things like that
I mean look at this the shirt that I'm
wearing is the same shirt that Brian got
me for Christmas three years ago I wear
this shirt almost every single day still
I got it three years ago as a Christmas
gift these shorts these basketball
shorts I've had them since high school
I'm 22 years old and I've had them since
I buy solar them all the time pretty
much my point being that I don't really
spend too much money on myself I usually
spend it on other people so it's nice to
kind of treat myself once in a while and
finally just you know go out and be like
you know well Brandon go get yourself
something so it's nice it's beautiful
I'm not gonna lie it was a nice chunk of
change I'm not gonna lie but hey I got a
free xbox with it well technically a
$25,000 xbox but I really hope you
enjoyed this video because that's my
poll with every single video that I make
is to get you guys to enjoy it hopefully
it makes your day better it makes you
guys laugh makes you guys smile whatever
it is to help you through your day
that's what I want to do through my
videos anyways subscribe to this channel
if you are new other than that guys
Brandon aka paratus and I'm out peace oh
and God one other thing I wanted to say
really quick is that today's November 2
six and I noticed that I've only missed
one upload day in November 26 days and I
only missed one day I just want to say I
don't know if you guys care I just want
to say I don't know if you guys care but
I'm kind of proud of myself 26 days only
one myself both so yeah have a nice fun
to say that guys you know what I just
love you guys that's it I wanted to say
that also I love all of you guys
