what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh Wallace and today I am bringing
you guys a video that quite honestly I
never thought I would be making neither
did my mom my dad
Jackie's mom Jackie's family you know
Jackie none of us thought I would be
making this video but I've always stayed
true to myself and I always tell myself
that you guys are a top priority to me
and whenever something big happens in my
life I promise to myself that I will
always share with you guys and I'll
always open up to you guys
Jackie will not be in this video she
said she wasn't comfortable enough to be
in this video and I'm not the type of
person to force anybody to do something
that they don't want to do plus I think
that she trusts me that I'm not gonna
lie or make up some false stories in
front of the camera or anything so this
video is just gonna be me solo yeah I'm
just gonna get into it me and Jackie are
no longer dating we broke up and first
before I get into anything else I just
want to say that I'm so so so sorry to
anybody watching this video who looked
up to me and Jackie together I'm so
sorry to anybody watching this video who
devoted their time following mine and
Jackie's relationship I'm so sorry to
anybody watching this video who had any
type of love for us together it kills me
to put you guys through anything you
guys have gave me such a good life you
gave me the best life that I could have
ever asked for and knowing that there's
some people out there who loved me and
Jackie together and not separately it
killed me to bring this news to you guys
but things happen and I'm just gonna be
straight up and honest things just
weren't working out between me and
Jackie and I know that sounds crazy I'm
sure it sounds really weird to you guys
considering the fact that you know you
guys see videos of me and Jackie
together all the time kissing hugging
holding hands you know I love you babe I
love you more and all this but what you
don't need to think about is the vlog is
I don't know 15 to 20 minutes of the
whole day a day that's 24 hours what I'm
trying to say is that there's a lot that
goes on every single day that you guys
just don't see and it's not that I'm
hiding anything from you guys it's just
that I'd rather not put a negativity out
in my videos despite you know looking
like the happiest couple on earth and
looking like a perfect couple on camera
me and Jackie were we're not perfect we
weren't perfect and where we happy yeah
we were very happy but we weren't
perfect and I think what a lot of people
fail to realize is that just because
we're on YouTube together or just
because there's a camera in front of our
face or just because we have a large
following that doesn't mean that we're
consistently happy or that we're perfect
together you know put YouTube aside for
a second me and Jack we were a regular
relationship just like two people
walking down the street holding hands or
just like two people laying in bed
without YouTube channels and they work
nine to five jobs you know just put
YouTube Assad first thing we were a
regular couple and just like a regular
relationship there were problems you
know there were things that I thought
were right and she thought were wrong
there were things that she thought were
Ryan I thought were wrong there were
disagreements and I think a lot of
people automatically assume and I could
be wrong but I think a lot of people
automatically assume that you know just
that there's a camera in our face and
we're vlogging and talking and you know
hugging each other everything that we're
perfect and we really aren't was there a
specific event or a certain thing that
happened to lead to this breakup no
there was no oh I caught her cheating
she caught me cheating there was none of
that it just eventually built up and
everything just kind of boiled up we got
together and we're like yo this isn't
working out you know I don't know if we
need to break up well I don't and this
was a while ago by the way guys this was
a couple months ago when we have this
song everything just boiled up like I
don't know if we need to break up or
take a break or like just what and we
actually sat down and decided that for
you guys we weren't gonna break up for
you guys we're gonna end this
relationship and a big part of that came
from my end because like I said I know
there's a lot of people out there that
they don't just like me alone they don't
like Jackie alone they like us together
they look up to us and I I hate hurting
the feelings of my fans so I pretty much
told Jack about yo let's just try to
work through this because I don't want
to hurt the feelings of people who love
our relationship so we kind of tried to
push through it and push through it a
couple months later we just can't do
that
I know YouTube is a big big part of my
life but I can't live my whole life
through the camera
sometimes I gotta make decisions or we
got to make decisions that benefit us
and we got to make decisions that's
better for our own life despite how much
I love you guys and trust me I want
nothing but love for all you guys and
nothing but the best for all you guys
I don't know trust me when I say we
tried different solutions many many
different solutions to try to make this
work and once again it was not like a
specific event there was not one
breaking point it was not like that it's
just at one point or another if there's
so many things that are just going on at
once you're just like okay is it really
healthy to stay in this relationship is
it really worth it and so we just
decided that no it wasn't and so I'm
gonna go my own way I'm gonna be all
right you know I for me I don't want any
sympathy from anybody I don't want
anybody to feel bad for me I don't need
any of that guys I'm I'm 22 years old
you know I can take care of myself I
don't need any of that I'm more worried
about you guys I don't want you guys to
feel upset I don't want you guys to feel
down just think of it as you know me and
Jackie despite being a Youtube couple we
were a real relationship I know some
youtubers who literally aren't even
dating their girlfriends they have them
under contract and they make videos
together and they never even see each
other off camera me and Jenny would not
like that we were a real relationship we
met before I started doing YouTube and
therefore we had real problems just like
any other regular relationship if we
were just a YouTube relationship we
would have never broke up we would have
stayed together to keep making videos
well we weren't like that we were a real
relationship who grew together loved
each other and I still do love her I'm
not gonna lie she's not my girlfriend
anymore and you know who knows how often
I'm gonna see her if I do see her again
I don't know but that doesn't mean I
love her and she knows and I know that
if I ever need anything I'm a hit her up
if she needs something she can hit me up
but we're not together I'm not gonna be
seeing her anymore there's no excuses or
there's no oh let me drag this part off
or drag that part out it's nothing like
that
the simple point is that the timeline
was we were good we were great we were
solid like this for the first year and a
half and there was nothing wrong it
seemed like it was perfect
you know my mom I don't even know how my
mom is taking the news right now because
I told my mom before making this video I
didn't want my mom to find out from
YouTube obviously my mom is upset like
my mom loves Jackie my mom literally I
want to be surprised with my mom love
Jackie more than me but I mean my mom
really wanted me to marry her and I'm
not gonna lie I wanted the same I don't
know if a couple months ago it was just
little things and little things and in
my head I'm like yo this isn't you know
this isn't going somewhere good so
that's when we have the first talk and
then you know the options were pretty
much take a break which I didn't really
want to just take a break in my head it
was either keep pushing and keep going
with the relationship or just break up
and so it was kind of down to those two
options and I know Jackie at the time
did not want to break up so we just
decided you know a big part of that
decision was you know I told her I said
babe I know we have our problems and I
know we have our disagreements right now
but could you imagine what would happen
to the probe odd squad if we broke up
and not just for the prologue squad like
I said there's a lot of people who if
they find their happiness through me and
Jackie there's so many people that tweet
me every day you know they come back
from school and they're like oh
bharata's I got bullied but watching you
and Jackie makes me feel better there's
some people that are sick in the
hospital like really sick and they tweet
me saying hey everyone if I'm very sick
I had surgery today but watching yours
and Jackie's video makes me feel better
and like while we have that talk a
couple months ago I'm sitting there and
like all those tweets are running
through my head and I'm like yo I'm not
this type of person I can't like
disappoint this many people I don't want
to put this many people through the pain
of me and Jackie breaking up so I guess
my mistake a couple months ago was
choosing to put you guys over my own
happiness and choosing to put you guys
over mine and Jackie's relationship
because I think the best thing to do a
couple months ago was to end this and I
chose not to because I love you guys and
I think that was the wrong thing to do
as much as I'm saying I'm sorry I'm
sorry too
those people who look up to me and
Jackie I feel like don't get me
wrong at the end of the day you just got
to do what's best for you I know I'm a
youtuber and kind of 9% of my wife is on
camera I know that I'm not sure how
Jackie's taking you know I'll check up
on it here and there I'm not just gonna
end this thing and leave her off in the
dust I'm not that type of person I'm not
gonna stay here and be like oh yeah I'm
gonna invite Jackie over and talk to her
and take her out to eat because that's
not what's gonna happen
I mean I'll check up on it I'll make
sure she's doing okay say goodbye to her
family you know apologize to her family
for anything that this cause I got to
talk to my mom some more because my mom
is really upset I got to tell him I got
to talk to my dad - I don't know how my
dad's taking it he doesn't really like
to showcase his emotion he's kind of
like me I don't really like to talk
about my feelings or emotions that's why
I videos like this are kind of weird but
like I said when I started YouTube I
made a promise to myself that no matter
what no matter how bad things gone no
matter how big things got I would always
tell you guys the important things that
are going on in my life like I said okay
you guys don't worry about me I'm not
like we broke up I'm upset yes but you
know I'm a real person and I'm I
understand it's life things happen and I
will never see these past two years as a
waste of time I have some friends who
day and they break up with their
significant other and they're like Kim
she wasted my time I could have been
doing this and that I won't ever see
this other waste of time you know me and
Jackie went through so much you know
good or bad there was such a learning
experience and my life benefited so much
from her she made me so happy for such a
long time and I'm pretty sure if I run
into her somewhere I'm still gonna have
a smile on my face when I see her
because that's what she did for the past
two years she put a smile on my face and
I don't know if I could explain the love
that I felt every time I would see her
you know I would be home alone and I
would think that I feel good but the
second I would see Jackie walking
through that door it's like I felt
something and I would be like damn okay
now I feel good so it's just it's an
unexplainable feeling I'm not gonna lie
and it was a great two years no regrets
never ever will I sit here and say I
regret dating Jackie because I'm not
that type of person I love her I still
do love her I love her family I love the
relationship I build
buddy around her and still be making
videos I'll probably be with my friends
a little bit more in my videos I'll
probably you know have some new people
in my videos and I look forward to a new
chapter in my life that's what it is you
know when one door closes another one
opens
who knows what God is gonna put in front
of me I don't know if this next chapter
will be better or worse than my last
chapter but the last chapter definitely
lasted two years for the past two years
you know it wasn't just Brandon or it
wasn't just Jackie everybody who knew me
knew Brandon and Jackie everybody who
saw me saw Brandon and Jackie and I will
never change anything about that I
cherish these past two years like no
other I'm glad one of the biggest things
I'm happy about is that Jackie made my
mom happy my mom always felt like I was
safe and secure when I was with Jackie
mom I promise you I'm not gonna turn
into a bad person or anything without
Jackie don't worry I love you mom I'm
sorry if this upsets you and -
Jacqueline's family if you guys are
watching this I feel like it's better
for me to just you know talk to you guys
in person instead of say here in front
of 2.5 million people and talk to you
guys - okay I feel like that's kind of
unprofessional so yeah one last time I
hope you guys aren't too mad at me or
aren't too upset with me I really really
hope you guys understand that I love you
guys so much and YouTube is a huge part
of my life but at the end of the day I'm
so a regular person I'm young I'm 22
years old and I gotta make decisions
that are better for me and the decision
to stay with Jackie long-term just just
wasn't working out not just for mine I'm
not sitting here saying Oh Jackie wanted
to stay together but I broke up with her
it came from both ends and I'm hoping
that Jackie's new chapter in her life is
is great I'm hoping it was better than
what me and her were on you know I wish
nothing for the best for her was she's
super successful I wish you know she
finds even more happiness than she found
with me I mean I'll be checking up on
him these next couple days because I
know these aren't easy for her
for me I'm I've always been known as
just you know like that but I know
Jackie's different so I'll be checking
up on her and I'll be you know kind of
helping her through this until until I
don't know when I'm still the same
person so I hope I didn't lose support
or I hope I didn't lose the trust and
the love that I had from
I hope you know you're still rocking
with me like you guys were before cuz I
I'm still rocking with you guys and I
still love you guys so so much and you
guys got to remember man like if you
guys everything that I don't love you
guys or if you ever think that I'm not
thankful for you guys just remember what
I said three months ago there was a
clear answer to this whole relationship
problem and that was to break up but I
put you guys first I said no I don't
want to break up because I don't want to
make you guys upset so just remember
that guys I love you from the bottom of
my heart please don't leave Jackie
any hate on social media like I said
this is completely different than if you
know I caught you cheating on me then I
would say go spam her and leave her hey
but this is not that case this was just
a neutral agreement so please don't hate
on Jackie on any of our social medias if
honestly if you guys want go support her
to go show her some love go you know go
come for her and make her feel better
because I'm one person and Jackie has a
heavy heart so you know I don't know if
I could do this all by myself so for
everybody out there if you care for
Jackie please go show her some love you
know it'll help me get her through this
so other than that guys I hope you
understand I hope you understand I know
I have a lot of young viewers who might
not understand the whole situation but
um I just I really hope you guys do and
I didn't do this to hurt anybody
yeah I hope you look forward to a new
new chapter in my life I hope God
blessed me with maybe something better I
don't know if it's gonna be better or
worse than the last chapter but
hopefully something better and I hope
you're ready for a new chapter to my
channel because there were a lot of
videos that Jackie was featured in we're
gonna come up with something else so I
hope you guys are excited other than
that guys Brandon here aka robot is and
once again
I'm sorry I apologize to anybody that
hurt
