I just got a tweet from someone actually
saying yo bro what is it's Thanksgiving
so are you gonna dress up or are you
gonna be in a plain t-shirt and
basketball shorts well uh plain t-shirt
basketball shorts Nike slippers you
already know come on you don't need to
ask no matter where I go no matter what
I'm doing I have this outfit on so you
know when the camera gets over here
what's gonna happen you already know
what's gonna happen is it focused no
it's not okay
roma roma roma roma roma roma roma our
song ya know I can't tell if this is my
dog or the turkey we bought that we're
roasting tonight
no bosley no honestly he would feed a
lot of people I would feed like tooth
dad Happy Thanksgiving
thankful for Papa rocking his swag I'm
surprised you're not wearing Gucci today
Happy Thanksgiving
thank you thank you thank bonsly I'm
just joking you dad Bryan Bosley the
sun's Devin Booker dead don't understand
told me he'd be the mother clean which
by the way I was supposed to be able to
get data files out the game out have
been in the hospitai swear I would have
fainted
mama I would have fainted it was crazy
and of course thankful for all of you
guys the ballade squad supporters the
fans always thankful for them mom when
you sent me that picture of him today I
didn't know really if you were sending
me a picture of the turkey we're eating
tonight or if it was him
it's a joke Bosley we're not any good
said Johnny did you look like a turkey
and how much money did involved would be
at a store if they sold him for a turkey
and chameleon we got much roll you could
feed feed the buzz late okay mom get the
stuffing ready he wiped all his boogers
on my leg Bosley it's not my fault you
said you look like a twig look if you
got them a drumstick the thigh I think
the belly itself would feed two million
people just the belly yo guys really
quick because it is Thanksgiving and I
was taught ever since I was a kid on
Thanksgiving to always say what I'm
thankful for
I just really want to say that I am
thankful for you guys it's crazy how
much you guys mean to me I try to say in
every single video how much I love you
guys and the biggest reason I'm thankful
for you guys is not only for my
happiness you know you guys make me
really really happy and I appreciate
that but that's not at the top of my
list the top of my list is my mom and
dad's happiness and my brother's
happiness because I know how happy you
guys make them and if my family's happy
then I'm happy especially my mom and dad
you know my dream ever since I was a kid
is just to make my parents happy so the
fact that you guys are helping me do it
you guys are you know making my parents
happy for me is what makes me appreciate
you guys so much so thank you for my
happiness but thank you ten times more
for my brother my mom and my dad's
happiness I love you guys and I hope you
guys are all enjoying your Thanksgiving
not only having a good time but also
being saved
we got the Chargers playing on
Thanksgiving Day I know there's a lot of
cowboy fans out there that watch my
videos so no hard feelings but hey I'm a
Chargers fan so I hope the Chargers win
this game I feel like there's gonna be a
good Thanksgiving family food the
Chargers are playing I get to see one of
my favorite people in the whole world or
dogs in the whole world whatever you are
Bosley basketball player turkey dog
human I don't know yo guys I know when
everyone thinks about Thanksgiving they
think of food turkey football but for my
household the wattage household
Thanksgiving would not be Thanksgiving
without basketball let's go down let's
see this one shot for the win
dad on camera on camera
oh I'm right here guys Bosley 100% has a
crush on me look you try it Dennis okay
he won't kiss Dennis dad you try it okay
he won't kiss my dad hey you can't say
body doesn't like you
no he doesn't like me as a friend he
likes me in a way maybe buzz is just
excited that the charges are about to
win shoutout San Diego Chargers cuz you
wonder why I moved out I'm walking we're
in the Roundhouse this is what I see
yeah for what reason I don't know like
he's not making a video he's just doing
this for fun Brendan what are you doing
your family's up to meet you I know I'm
trying to finish this I'm editing my
second video of the day a one video
wasn't enough hey is it Thanksgiving
like the day of giving back I'm giving
back to you guys with two videos my
family's about to be here we're gonna
start eating a bunch of food so I'm
trying to finish this video just cuz
it's Thanksgiving the grind don't stop
I'll take a break when all the food is
ready mom don't worry love you and now
we got Denise God for this Thanksgiving
I'm gonna be like thankful for my dad
and my best friend Dennis so I think I'm
not gonna do good in basketball to give
them chances to win you explain to the
camera what a Middle Eastern habit is I
just said they always lie and say okay
my sister called me she said go outside
and it been half an hour I knew it there
lie every time right when you leave your
house to go somewhere you call the
prison say oh we're outside can you open
the door you got it does really they do
that
hey I told you I'm gonna be not
something giving a lady chance
guest number one way Mandy I just want
to know like who invited you I know it's
yeah she's like no Mandy I don't want to
give it to you
Happy Thanksgiving guys there's a theory
I have because there's a fan page and
it's Mandy fan page I think Mandy
created the fan page and sent it to me
my theory is that Mandy got jealous I
haven't had a fan page so she made a
Mandy fan page of herself and acts like
somebody made it I don't know maybe it's
real who knows but yeah I think you're a
little over J junior tell your mom I
don't think there's a good parking spot
happy Thanksgiving red jet
hey Roger we have a problem here so we
said 3:00 p.m. arrival right it is what
time is it 443 right now you're only an
hour and 43 minutes late that's not bad
wow you forgot you made up for it with
that it looks super good oh wait that
Bosley way he's right there but yeah it
looks good fine you can come as late as
you want the food looks that good let's
play who cooked what okay Mandy made the
Doritos how like you walked down the
aisle and then picked it up oh let me
just tell you guys about the hair so
much pressure on me everybody got sick
last year I mean it says she didn't make
the ham last year but we all know was
her everyone got sick Wow well actually
looks good you upgraded I actually spent
more than them and they
I'm guessing Brian cook this lookout
Burt it was Amanda right when she hears
the camera turned on she picked anything
up to make it look like she was cooking
mom what did you cook I mean now cook my
mom got so mad I mean earlier cuz iw
okay guys so now that the whole family
is here we got a special guest who
decided to come out for Thanksgiving you
know home Christmas there's Santa Claus
on Easter there's the Easter Bunny well
for Thanksgiving we got I don't know
what it's not Mario good morning because
have this here this is Mario mixed with
the Exorcist the Undertaker Martin of
the Undertaker we got Mario taker under
our ego I don't know dad you're crazy
but oh and all the food is ready too so
they're just around the food or not
waiting to eat
we told them we have one special guest
coming so okay I told you guys we can't
eat till you guys see this special guest
so of all these beautiful people guess
who got to try the delicious turkey
first Bosley I swear it's Bosley how was
the turkey let us know you're so spoiled
Bosley first person to try the turkey
everyone's putting food put my food in
here hey Brandon where's your plate
they made a contest saying whoever gets
the biggest plate wins I said I'm not
even using the play on the team this is
good
No at least I know roses hand from
Arizona so another myth exists from
Mandy's fanpage
Mandy's fanpage tiger you mean you
signed out of a real account well on to
a fanpage account typed in comment and
showed it to me if Mandy's fanpage is
real those shout out to you Mandy
appreciates the support you're the only
person that likes family because you
didn't make one yourself heck but you
should make a hikmet fanpage okay guys
so I walk into my old room for the first
time in like a month and look what I see
just look well you didn't see that
so I guess my parents don't want me to
move back they're trying to scare me
from moving back what I touch it what a
bow this is Eagle
this tickle ass I'm doing this now too
when I'm about to go to sleep at night
I'm crying in my bed yeah so I guess my
parents are trying to scare me from
moving back and guys happy Thanksgiving
to my brother thankful for him oh thanks
thankful for you - you're welcome -
happy Thanksgiving everybody wait I had
a scripted plan for like what I was
gonna say when I saw you cuz like it's
not true but I had a script to say I'm
thankful for my brother oh yeah yeah
even though we don't live with each
other anymore guys I still get to see
Bryan often so that's a good thing
thankful for Bryan you know my favorite
thing about Bryan is every time the sons
do good I got a text women saying Oh
Brandon did you see that yeah cuz I'm
watching the son game as well because I
want to like picture how Brandon is or
see what his moods gonna be like
the day like you can determine it from
the sun's game okay whoever talks
whoever talks never welcome back here
except next Thanksgiving because I need
more food but guys thank you so much for
watching today's video I just wanna
close it out with my amazing family can
you guys all say by the HOA sorry no I
want to say thanks to everybody who
brought food quick food everything
tasted good special guys if you want to
reveal yourself only you guys could tell
what it is I don't think we really know
who this is
Thanksgiving was awesome thanks to all
them and now the clothes video everyone
we're gonna play some basketball for
what is here hey man how's it going
it said oh you know how we're gonna do
the treasure hunt or scavenger hunt for
your channel so we have to find $10,000
for Bryan scavenger hunt God when Bryan
announced the prize Mandy was sitting
behind me and I felt drool all baby
let's go $10,000 hopefully no one finds
it cuz then I get to keep it no I'll
stay up ten days so Mandy what would you
do with the money help your parents or
reg at what would you do with $10,000 a
few 1
I think donate it to your nephew wait am
i your nephew a job yeah oh yeah donate
it to your nephew Brandon okay Bourget
makes the best cake
I know Mandy has like a cold black heart
but just for thanks even Mandy would you
agree that family makes things even
better for sure I love family me too
love you guys mom BYE MOM
you're a fake you want to know why you
begged me to come back home and move
back here every day I walk in my room to
maybe think about it and I find a Chucky
doll sitting in my room
yeah Bosley I'm surprised you're still a
lot I'm glad they didn't cook you if the
food ringing out would bother have been
next know anything seeming to answer
they could stop this nonsense talk patek
hey Dennis you know what I didn't say
enough in this video guess it starts
with J and it goes a little bit like I
didn't say that enough in the video Oh
Ronnie that was planned yo Brian can we
have one little talk on Kim no I'm not
asking where you hid the money it's just
a little 20-second talk hurry it up
I was gonna ask you where you hid the
money but I think I'm freaking brother
Ronnie Ronnie I'm saying is just don't
suck like you Brian as well give you
$6,000 for me think about it
you'll make six thousand how am i making
money I'm rdq don't tell anyone about
this conversation or your life will be
in danger
okay good I like is it good like fine
here okay come off when you tell me you
I'll tell you after someone finds it
right and he cousin stuff my brother I
know what I'm not thankful for on
Thanksgiving Rugrats
Devon book can i phone a friend
iPhone Brian I choose to phone Brian is
that breaking the rules if I walk at the
door oh my god it feels like December in
here but it's only Thanksgiving hey
Dennis if you find out oh I found ten
thousand dollars worth of alcohol
hey Bosley do you know where the shmoney
is yo rug one last talking to me no I
swear I thought it was my brother
what is this he's treating me like
anyone else yeah like I'm a common like
I'm a civilian
I'm family bro hey Dennis I've never
seen you sweat this much neither when we
play basketball from basketball you
don't win money it's not Thanksgiving
and unless I force every one of my
family members to play basketball they
all escaped but Brian three to one Oh
