Phoenix Suns are about to play but it's
not just any regular game you guys all
remember some dude named Eric Bledsoe
one of my favorite basketball players
and actually one of my close friends now
Eric Bledsoe is playing against the
Phoenix Suns today it's gonna be crazy I
was actually supposed to go to Phoenix
for the game but it just landed like
right on Thanksgiving and I didn't want
to leave my family on Thanksgiving yes I
love Eric Bledsoe and he's still one of
my favorite players but I'm a Suns fan
so the sun's got to win today I talk to
Bledsoe on the phone after he left when
he got traded and he told me he's like
I'm gonna miss you bro but we're gonna
keep in touch so I've been talking to
him still guys 96 to 96 less than three
minutes left
tie game oh no blood so please don't do
this to us No Bledsoe shooting free
throws please no but I love you but no
just you
hey I don't like how the sun's fans are
booing in that's not right please no
blood oh oh okay guys Suns are down by
one with less than three minutes left I
swear I'm gonna prove it I swear that's
our ball man
TJ born with the ball to bender back to
Warren tax killer set the screen tell
you sex ball up top Toxocara Texas sweet
Tyler Ulis going in bender bender going
up to Booker nice bender sucker up by
one two minutes left
Watson they're always in close games I
don't know because God likes to make my
heart race
I think keeps me healthier with my heart
races so thank you God no blood she'll
turn it over to book regarding Bledsoe
how weird is that
good shot Thunder up by two with a
minute 20 seconds left
we need to stop Booker wants to guard
blood so let's oh don't do anything
please you were at the good house last
night and they gave him that how many
times million that's how many times a
million one minute left
tie game Ulis gives it to Booker Hey no
foul
what are you kidding me
so no foul on that and whose ball and
bucks ball okay guys
tie game 55 seconds left bugs have the
ball I'm just saying let's Oh Devin
Booker inviting you to his house last
night you guys hung out so please don't
thirty-six for Christmas 36 for
Christmas just think about that the song
they're down by three with 40 seconds
love and blood so well someone let you
go to their house the night before the
game why don't you let them win huh he
should have felt landed us need to get
all three free throws and the Sun that
no more timeouts old unless a miracle
happens the Suns are winning this game
one out of three two more to come on you
with just one more no you think so I
don't know you stuck in there like a
little mouse boy that son's mom was that
you Sanju then you listen hey but I hit
though what's the call plate gonna hit
the floor first either way you'll just
touch this so it's Bucks ball okay guys
so the sun's are down by 1/4 seconds
left and Bledsoe shooting two free
throws let's oh look I know but so he
wants to be this position so bad he
Bledsoe loves nothing more than to all
these fans that are booing him for him
to hit these two free throws just be
safe place a place a
he faded away too
Hey look at look at look look
heat the shot look at his face look out
calm collected oh my Dennis Dennis Benny
hoodie that I looked at you like there's
this real I still don't think it's real
we were supposed to be there bro
so just to let all you guys know I'm
probably gonna be getting evicted for
you know that we'll see shout out to
they were looking for getting me lifted
from my apartment tonight 21 years old
debug 21 and he's hitting shots like
this who needs calm still okay now I'm
gonna pull it off and over time tying
the gaming's nothing you gotta win this
game I still can't believe that Booker
Charlotte I don't know if this is real
or or what and I'm so mad at myself for
not going to the game who invented
Thanksgiving because that's always nice
stayed in San Diego tie game guys
there's a crazy game bro no no no no
of all people deandre ladies come off
they call the offensive foul someone
whacked ej in the head okay guys so the
sons are down by two with one minute
left the sun's gonna give the ball to
Booker right there even stop playing
there's three Reds three different ball
alive bitch go book
well the sons had so many chances
oh man how the double dribble on
Christmas even though he stopped putting
all my voice is done I'm sure my voice
is honest if we were there in person I
don't think I'll ever get my voice back
they're gone back to with 13 seconds
left I don't know what let's I would
take that shot that could have helped
the ball till there was four seconds
left
oh I think what so much the book is how
fun yeah the whole talk they heard you
they talk to me talk to the DA the Suns
are down by two 13 seconds left
if anybody not named Devin Booker takes
this shot I think I'll lose my mind if
anyone else takes his shot except Devin
Booker
I honestly think I'll lose my head all
they're double-teaming Booker Booker
barely missed the shot MLG Middleton 37
points of course against the signs
okay guys well the Phoenix sounds pretty
much lost now in overtime they only
scored two points two points in the hole
overtime period that's not going to do
it I'm sorry but if you're scoring two
points in overtime you're not gonna win
the game
I mean Devin Booker hit a clutch clutch
clutch clutch crazy shot to send it to
overtime and then both if I if they come
here to kick out of my apartment can I
tell them we'll all the screaming was
for nothing two sons lost so can I just
say my apartment they would understand
what a game last night guys if you're
wondering why I'm doing that outro to
this video the next day it's cuz last
night I was so mad I don't even think I
was able to talk I was so mad after
Booker hit that crazy shot that we ended
up losing first of all I'm still in
shock that Booker hit that shot do you
know how far away that was any was
falling towards it's awesome I don't
know I don't know how he hit it but I
just want to say guys before I throw
this video I want to say two things one
this is my second upload of the day so
if you guys missed my first upload so
check out video number one of today I
decided hey it's Thanksgiving it's time
for me to give back and so I'll bless
you guys with two videos today and also
because I found out my brother wasn't
uploading so I'm like you know what
Brian let me make up for your slag and
I'll upload two videos today on the
second thing I want to say is just Happy
Thanksgiving to everybody watching this
video I hope you guys all have a good
fun enjoyable time with your family and
your friends and also remember to be
safe because safety is just as important
as having fun and I really quick I just
also want to get into how thankful I am
for you guys because I love you guys you
guys are always there for me and I feel
like sometimes I don't say you know but
I really do love you guys not only for
the happiness you bring for me but the
happiness that you bring for my family
because hey my happiness is cool and all
but I look out for my parents first and
my brother so the fact that you guys
bring them so much happiness it it means
a lot to me so shout out to all you guys
one last time Brandon here AKA bre
waters I'm out Happy Thanksgiving to
everybody I hope you enjoyed this video
I hope you enjoy the meal that you guys
are about to eat and feast on tonight
everybody don't get too fat I know it's
Thanksgiving and you guys are probably
gonna eat a whole lot but you guys
actually who cares if this thing
everybody just let your belly's out and
just eat eat
keep on eating game I'm not guys how did
the sons lose that game
