god I'm so happy right now because you
don't understand we're about to go see
Rome all he doesn't know we're going so
we're surprising that way do you think
you know what's recorded about work we
were playing basketball earlier and
Romel couldn't make because he has work
so you know he was already upset about
that then we're gonna go make his day
better work wait if he sees us something
is gonna get worse thing is the words
move your shift longer make these hours
cut his pain how about we surprise them
with something we're not gonna show up
at the end let's get him a Gatorade I'll
pay for I swear hold on guys my foods
gonna get a big Gator he likes Gatorade
I swear and I want Gatorade - so here
I'm walking and holding the Gatorade and
holding the camera always enemy happy
all we're getting is our loss yo Dennis
where you at then it's why do we always
take the most complicated parking spots
there's a million other spots with no
speed bumps in these do it again hey I
just decided to pick up the camera
because Brandon said something really
smart that I didn't expect from him okay
so guys we were about to go to Target to
get Romel he's Gatorade and I was about
to park in front of Target but then I
was like Romel works all the way on that
side and target is all the way on this
side so why don't I park in the middle
you know what I mean
like me me have no it's can you meet me
halfway
right in the corner whatever the hell we
gonna say something wrong song no and me
know it you're livin on a prayer yeah
all the way by it's work I need to
prepare for half way in the middle roma
roma roma roma roma mall oh wait I'm
gonna tell the target people because I
think the Gateway is actually two
dollars but I'm gonna tell them that I
made a rap and I said spent $1
that's when you edit the music video no
I can get $1 off I'm just in say I made
a video I'm gonna say I made it arrived
and it said spent $1 on Gatorade not to
okay so we can't let him see us getting
down before we get the Gatorade because
we want it to be a surprise so you got
to get a dentist's you watch me get out
and then get out the same way so he
doesn't see I don't have hood you don't
have a hood give them a squish I have no
I have a hoodie in the ballgame here
she's still talking hey imagine he's on
his break and he's going to buy catering
from Target
welcome to target we just met Donald and
Lionel eat it I'm down though we're
trying to interact with some fans he
believe he has a basketball in AI
respects as well he's carrying a
basketball I'm here
shoutout to John Sanford shout-out to
you guys this guy wants the one-on-one
he's ain't gonna be me back I'll win
which flavor would roam or walk orange
yellow or red he loosing a red tip okay
does he
mmm-hmm yeah he does get red when he
misses a lot of shots and I yell at him
every which one would you like minister
a yellow like my people and you're gonna
yeah I was gonna get yellow but not up
to you said actually I like that
and I'm always wanted yeah Cassie
scanner do I get back sir
I want to do one more just for fun no
way no no they're gonna charge you - no
I have to come void it you're gonna
waste so much time it's like we're gonna
waste so much excuse me
I raised four instead of three no sorry
about that so also that all that work
just weakens getting no windows we're on
the premise of the property you really
think we're gonna make my mouse day
worse yeah yeah Romel hates me why he's
guard mouth guard Shh he can hear you he
knows that frickin voice both of those
him sitting I'm worried about sure
that's when I see him something's gonna
pop up stop
well okay then he's gonna call my Bane
if they see you they're gonna think
you're freaking stalkerish many someone
saw me so I'm all for the customer right
now so we made eye contact busy see me
and I got the look like bro don't come
right now with a customer oh don't you
know there's people okay like you could
tell what he's talking is passionate I'm
trying to get it the best deal
wait I did I didn't need to say hey but
he was saying I mean looked like he was
waiting for me to say something you know
what you keep something the shakes when
I tried try to talk to my mom man you
can when he's done you can talk then
do you think he knows he got him Gator
II spent 150 on Gatorade plus CRV it was
like 155
god I'm so excited right now you don't
even understand Phoenix Suns are about
to play but it's not just any regular
game you guys all remember some dude
named Eric Bledsoe one of my favorite
basketball players and actually one of
my close friends now Eric Bledsoe is
playing against the Phoenix Suns today
it's gonna be crazy I was actually
supposed to go to Phoenix for the game
but it just landed like right on
Thanksgiving and I didn't want to leave
my family on Thanksgiving we're gonna
see Eric Bledsoe return to Phoenix but
not as a member of the sun's playing
against the Phoenix I was trying to beat
the Phoenix Suns it's gonna be so weird
oh and for everybody wondering yes I
love Eric Bledsoe and he's still one of
my favorite players but almost son's fan
so the sun's got to win today
I talked to Bledsoe on the phone after
he left when he got traded and he told
me he's like I'm gonna miss you bro
but we're gonna keep in touch so I've
been talking to him still and so bled I
hope you do good but at the same time I
hope the Phoenix Suns win guys what is
going on 626 guys the sun's game started
at 6:00 and look bucks at Suns this is
the channel it's 626 and they have not
showed the game it says there are
currently no games scheduled at this
time but look the Raptors and Naik's
look all the other games are showing
except the Suns game huh it's all I
missed 26 minutes of blood cells
returned to Phoenix what's the best part
when you watch a player return Jays old
team what's the best part starts the
introduction so thank you AT&T and NBA
League Pass for making me miss the whole
introduction and the whole first quarter
look guys I had to keep up with the game
on my laptop because it wasn't showing
up God Eric Bledsoe his brother just hit
me up asking where I'm at like I said I
was supposed to be at the game I wanted
to go to the game
I haven't told Eric Bledsoe and his
family that I would be there but like I
said I just if something came up
being with the family on Thanksgiving
and I decided not to go bender has a
face mask since when if that happened
while the whole thing was shut down I'm
suing AT&T D book blood toes out the
game right now yo guys so it's halftime
for the Phoenix Suns game halftime is
usually 15 minutes long that is grow
so I told myself yo Dennis at halftime
let's go get something to eat really
quick and go back so we don't miss the
game so I tried to call I tried to call
how many times to order the food in
fifty okay easy now fifty 10 okay it was
yeah I called a bunch of times because I
wanted to order the food so we're not
late and we don't miss the rest of the
game so I kept calling I kept calling
they wouldn't answer they wouldn't
answer and I think I was getting ready
to come here and be like yo you made me
miss the son's game so I think I'm gonna
have to like file a lawsuit or something
but right when I come up look what I see
at the door sorry our phone is currently
not working and then it made me feel
like an idiot so
oh wait when we first talked we could be
that close to each other because we're
not doing the reaction part yet for the
reaction probably got to be fart to put
the screen right here okay so you know
me and Dennis like we made our own rap
while we were driving to go see my
friends will melt you know I dropped my
head single and it wasn't doing too good
so what was it well funny thing is the
same day that we made our rap we come
home and we see the buzz all over the
internet that Jake Paul dropped a track
and remix to his song this everyday bro
with Gucci and so this videos blowing up
so we're about to check this song out
just like everybody else the only
difference we're gonna do it on camera
you're gonna get our reaction we have
not heard this song yet we haven't seen
the video so we're gonna give you guys
our pure first look reaction and uh
Dennis you know I wanted to do this
video with Jackie but like she's in
Chicago on vacation so you kind of have
to be here for them
I respect you bro it's everyday Broman
hey before we get into this video I just
want to say that it's actually crazy Jay
Paul went from you know these little six
second vines to pretty much taking over
the whole YouTube world and now dropping
tracks with Gucci like it's crazy as a
fellow youtuber I can only respect that
I mean she good she's like like you're
gonna hate on Jay Paul but you can't do
not I doing really big things and I
respect you so without further ado
Dennis are you ready to check out the
song you think it's going to be fun one
Gucci's and it's fire okay quick schnitz
fire let's hear it got three two one now
we split apart Oh a dancer
today is that the wolf voice we should
remake that well that's crazy just to
now all this is the remix yeah 20
minutes every day but you wanna show
them how we do it
look I'm not gonna lie I feel like that
has a chance to get up there with its
originals every day well I don't know I
mean I think it was good I think it was
catchy I mean okay all what I see right
here is that it had almost 100,000
dislikes do you think that's actually
from the song or do you think it's
because it's Jake Paul
the Jake boy yeah cuz I I don't think
the song was too bad am I gonna lie it
was good
he made smoochy killed it yeah and Jake
Paul killed they both killed it this
makes me so excited to hear Brian's
upcoming song cuz I want to see what
Brian could do Jake falls out there
doing this honestly what Brian can do I
don't know that's crazy and we should
make it we should make a diss track miss
me no I think we should dish Jackie no
no over up we should make a diss track
on now what's on me because I said well
yeah now it's Mitch I'm gonna make it on
Denny's guys you and Baz are you
jangling like I saw like a video he
posted
they were like darling they went through
a lot for this not a the song was good I
think when we drop tomorrow we're gonna
bless it
I think did my Secretary of them the
first day was obviously still to every
day well I feel he's gonna hit top
charts for sure I mean yo like I said a
lot of people hate on Jake Paul but at
the end of the day you got to show
respect where respect this dude
and this dude is out here dropping
tracks of Gucci so you must be doing
something right so anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed this video
I think the song was dope it kind of you
know let's just kind of get off the
topic that the Phoenix Suns lost the
game and get more onto the topic of the
song Oh Dennis recorded my full reaction
to the Phoenix Suns game that's gonna be
my next video here's a little preview
though things got a little crazy because
Devin Booker hit a clutch
Sean you already know me
it goes off it's crazy we're getting you
know more why now
just say yeah I think we're gonna kicked
out of the house and out of probably a
couple minutes a couple seconds so the
thing we got this review done of Jay
Paul song before we got kicked out or
else we'd be doing this in the streets
drop a like if you enjoyed this video
Roma I hope you enjoyed your Gatorade
bro your roma roma roma Roma spent 150
on Gatorade will come next for Roma no
was not spent 150 on Gatorade Romualdo
for Roma Noah had something else with
Gatorade okay see this is why when on
Jake Paz level bro we came to remember
our old we can't remember too wonderful
for this song boy do you remember this
sophomore that's a fake you don't
remember my rap that one boy dream
apartment asleep my favorite Laura what
he said all what he said like something
out of pay dirt shootings hey dude down
my favorite and he said like the Nick
Lloyd hit me up oh yeah oh no I'm gonna
pull up in the Lambo bro yeah we only at
one time I need to avoid letting Dennis
listen to this in his car cuz I'll
memorize everything
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today's video please subscribe
to this channel if you're new term post
notifications on for uploads almost
every single day Brandon aka Vadis with
my boy Dennis love you guys all love you
guys all and we are out peace there's no
telling you're the right girl so I can
only say that
