wake up everybody it's time to go play
so basketball
Anthony how you doing today Dennis how
you doing come on everyone go get
changed put the basketball shorts
basketball socks on and yeah over to the
gym six and a half hours later
great job listening great great job
listening 80-plus when people get mad at
me for waking them up to go play
basketball this is me
it tastes way better when Jackie makes
it trust me Oh Anthony's awake Anthony
you were just asleep two seconds ago I
think dennis is like dreaming about a
model and you put your hand over him and
now he thinks it's like true I wake them
up to go to the gym and go play
basketball and instead they wake up sit
on their watch YouTube and eat snacks
yeah my snacks does go to the gym and
play basketball translate to sit on the
couch and eat snacks and I'm really
really upset right now let me tell you
why so last night me and my good friend
Justin made plans to go play basketball
this morning and I got a text from him
he loves lifting weights he wants to get
really big and you know aspiring
bodybuilders so I got a text from Justin
and he goes bro I still go into the gym
today I'm still deciding if I should go
or not I looked in the mirror and saw
how skinny I was bro I need to stop
running and then this is where I lied to
him and I said your body looks good and
then he goes okay bro I'm just gonna
spot up and shoot today no running
then they hit me on my bro I can't do
everything on my own I need help from my
teammates so then I like to him again I
said okay bro but if we're losing and I
need help just remember your body looks
really good I noticed yesterday you
weren't skinny so you can run in score
bro and he said okay bro thank you so
everybody take tips if you're trying to
play basketball with someone who wants
to be a bodybuilder and they don't want
to lose too much weight just lie to them
and tell them you know hey your body
looks really good we could play
basketball and stuff oh wait I never
told you guys
said role model so I hit up role Mel I
knew without woman but I'm like maybe
you know we could wiggle through it or
something so I go like this I said bro I
know you're at work but come on let's
play basketball and if you don't come
there's gonna be consequences Romo cuz
at first he didn't replied to my first
text so I sent him that second one to
scare him then I said Roma bro answer I
know there's no customers at 9:30 on the
Tuesday bro stop then he still wasn't
replying so then I said him a picture of
us to kind of make him feel like guilty
or like feel bad there's a picture of me
and rimmel holding a picture of me and
Ramon so I thought that would seal the
deal 100% by he would show up for sure
after that then he goes my manager won't
let me go to New York if I miss days and
I'm like so no gym today he goes nah I
can't then I sent him a picture of me
and I said well I tried I got something
to say like don't shake this hasn't
complained or anything but like how are
we going to the gym to sweat and play
basketball and you spray 500 pounds of
cologne why could you smell good
listen listen listen is there no storage
room anywhere to where they could put
all the speed bumps they have to throw
it on top of a parking space and even
worse listen listen listen why do I
still keep parking here
I literally run over all the speed bumps
okay so Anthony refuses to go play
basketball
so he's hopping out the car yellow now
Dennis go go damn it you're straight oh
this is your fault now we're not gonna
play the first game
dedenne's just the way those creepers
just wait til it's green okay I'm not
putting this on YouTube
Dennis what are you doing
because it's not that serious we can all
wait in one second I was gonna turn
green
this is crazy
Hey today's the most important
basketball game of the whole season if
we lose both we're not making the
playoffs
I'm not playing dead I wasn't asking you
I made a promise to you guys before the
season started saying I promised my team
will make the playoffs and now with
three games left we have to win all
three of the games or else we're done
and we can't make the playoffs today is
actually the most important game of the
season because if we lose today
there's no playoffs and I'll feel like
such a failure because my promise you
guys will not be fulfilled there's a lot
of pressure I'm not gonna lie but for
now we're gonna just go play some pickup
games at the gym and I would play with
like forget the Romel forget Olli I just
pulled up and we see wait open your
window open your window or roll down
your window whatever you call it you bet
Joe I asked Romel to come as ollie to
come but we don't even want them we want
you yeah forget all these forget Mel we
got Mike and Leo I was mad that I'll
lien Romel weren't gonna show up I
forgot you guys were here that's all
that matters and Romeo and Jay oh my god
Justin just walked in Justin just
walking bro I can't contain myself I'm
gonna scream I'm gonna embarrass myself
Jay hey you heard me
we're gonna Brendan
yo guys were out eating right now and I
didn't finish my video this morning cuz
I wanted to play basketball so bad so
now I'm conditioned up my video in the
restaurant I'm almost done though
but the grind don't stop no god I'm so
ready for tonight's game I'm just gonna
get straight to the point we lose our
seasons over we're done if we win then
we saw the chance we're going to the
playoffs there's a lot of pressure think
about playing in a game where if you
lose you're done especially with the
pressure of me promising almost 2.5
million people thought we would make it
bomb ready I hate playing games that
don't mean anything I hate those games I
love games where you got butterflies in
your stomach everybody's watching and
like I feel like that's when the real
good basketball players come out so I'm
gonna play my hardest I don't care about
my injury I was at the doctor's two days
ago she pretty much told me yo you
shouldn't play but honestly I need to
help my team win I'm gonna try my best
and you know if we lose this game I'm
just gonna feel like the biggest failure
on earth I promise you I'm gonna do
whatever it takes and I'm gonna make
sure every one of my teammates does
whatever it takes to win this game if I
lose this game I suck at basketball
what's so good about winning the games
that don't mean anything if I lose the
games that mean so much listen I will
not let my team lose this game even if
we're down by a hundred I will do
whatever it takes to win this game for
my team trust me when I say that guys
we rebound all the way all the way
hit that hit that
you
Oh
too strong
good deed all the way
my just face like that
i remote rimmel you know what I want I
want that three
there we go
there we go
there we go pass it down
I'm gonna commentate this one Brenton's
going up the ball going sweet at with
the past the rimmel rimmel takes a three
mile stretch of 300 ml misses the three
they get back on defense you know here I
get one of these dual babe
my mug was up the court room I was gonna
go he's gonna pass it to Brandon behind
the back Brandon takes the ball up and
ends up passing it no he does not
he's I'm sitting there passes the ball
to rimmel rimmel straight for three and
romelo shoots and score commentating is
not working
splash
hey hit those
Oh
they're eager amel
another one
you know don't think that's too dirty
oh I was too dirty that was too dirty
call off the game oh I'm ready for the
pass I'm ready oh no pull
Wow
hopefully that guy's knees better
because I think he might have liked much
of it and when the I and I saw hopefully
he feels better if you're watching this
I'm not too sure what happened but I
hope you feel better and I hope it's
nothing too serious injuries don't worry
though man in real fast I thought that
half-court shot was going in I know I
thought that was going in so do you
think I shouldn't play well you guys are
no what would you do would you stay home
or a play I'm trying to get a vote
because I want to play on you know Mia
I'll play yeah I should probably stay
home huh all right well I just wanted to
get your input okay guys so if you're
wondering what that phone call was all
about this other team that has a game
later asked me to play with them because
they didn't have enough players and I
told them yes I'm on yeah I'm down and
then my dad and Dennis coming out of
nowhere and they're like no you should
have played your legs turn you just play
the game you played up a gym earlier
they're like oh thing you should play so
as bad as I want to play again another
game I guess they're right I played up
the gym earlier today I played a game
just right now and if I played another
game I guess it would be too much I
don't think so but that's what other
people are saying so I think I'm just
gonna stay home and not play six and a
half hours later okay guys so I don't
even know if you good to see right now
but I got some pasta right here and the
pastas freezing cold it's not warm but
my microwave is not working for some
reason so good thing I have the key to
Dennis's apartment I need to use this
microwave I'm starving and IG some pasta
Dennis hopefully you're not doing
anything bad then I don't want to walk
into oh you only live once
Hey Baby Bear Dennis do you regret
giving me a key to your apartment my
microwave isn't working so I need to
microwave my posit a you ate your pasta
last night
guys I think Dennis doesn't even know
I'm here he's so sleep navigating her
number
she was like six weeks we're leaving to
the gym soon see there's what I love
Dennis he's always down for basketball
hey Dennis you want some pasta so you
know some people leave like hey comments
for Jackie when she records the game
because they say she's annoying
I think after listening to you
commentate one game they're gonna be
begging for Jackie to come back No thank
you for recording I know it gets tiring
after a whole hour of just looking at
the camera swimming back and forth back
and forth but no thank you
I just want to say I'm really proud of
my teammates for the game we played we
ended up winning by 50 points and I
don't think we've ever done that before
so I'm just proud of my teammates
because like I said earlier in this
video we needed to win this game I mean
I promised you guys a win but I wasn't
expecting to win by 50 I thought would
be closer than that now there's two
games left if we want to make the
playoffs we gotta win these last two
games no excuses
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
probably wasn't the most entertaining
game swatches I know you guys like the
close ones but as a player trust me
sometimes after you've played in so many
close heart racing games sometimes a
game like that where you win by 50 is
just much needed so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video drop a like if you
did subscribe to this channel if you are
new once again two games left we gotta
win both of them just to make the
playoffs and hopefully we do it for you
guys I'm closing out this video because
we're about to go to the gym to go play
some more basketball when Dennis gets up
then it's is this what you moved here
for Arizona just for a basketball
basketball in basketball no less well
tomorrow why oh Thanksgiving oh well we
spend time with family well we can make
turkey shape I mean basketball shaped
turkey
