what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and today I am bringing
you guys a banger video the reason I say
there's gonna be a banger we're about to
prank mama rug and Papa rug and I
honestly can't remember the last time I
pranked my parents so I'm really excited
to do this and it just came out of
perfect time because for those who don't
know my brother just turned 21 years old
this past weekend and you know we went
out for his birthday we drank a little
bit we were at a club because he turned
21 so obviously we went the safe route
nobody drove we all took Ebers and now
what I'm gonna tell my parents today is
that I actually didn't take over and I
drove my own car and me and my brother
got super drunk that's what I'm gonna
tell them and I actually got caught
drinking and driving I got a DUI I gotta
get my license taken away I had to go to
jail for the night just if all the good
stuff that come with getting caught by a
cop and what I always tell myself
pranking is always about opportunity you
can't just wake up and be like oh I feel
like pranking my parents now you got to
have an opportunity there and I feel
like since it was my brother's 21st
birthday my parents know that we went
out and stayed out late out of club it's
just a perfect opportunity to tell my
parents hey you got really really drunk
and I ended up getting cop out of police
driving which by the way if you're
watching this video don't ever drink and
drive this is just a prank we didn't
really drive my car nobody drove we all
took Ebers and we were safe about it so
please if you're watching this and you
go out have some fun always have a
designated driver anyways guys my
parents outside I'm about to call them
over everything is set up I hope it goes
perfectly I'm really really nervous cuz
I feel like my mom and dad are gonna
flip out drinking and driving is so
dangerous so I need to get in my prank
mode and we hold on I need one more warm
up and we are ready
I'm actually not ready I'm really
nervous but I'm still gonna do it
ah I'm so nervous
I'm in your guys's room mom because it's
kind of important
yeah six and a half hours later I tried
to listen but it's too tempting when I
get call saying only one complaint about
how much ya know did you already put
Bosnia's food yeah no no I need to talk
to you please
you too O'Brien
I don't know if it's like that for you
guys but it's kinda bad for me and it's
not about my legs when you pull I know
every time I trust me so I had good news
that would be the first thing I'll tell
you I mean it's a little bad like for me
I don't know for you guys in
okay so hey guys how you doing good good
Brandon I don't know I don't know if you
know this but I've been kind of working
on a song like we'd all had fun you have
good time but on the way back home me
and Brian were like coming back I was
going to drop them off and then go home
first
Brian sitting next to me like all have
to be home soon like go go go so like I
was driving a little fast not like a
hundred miles per hour but a little bit
faster than I should have and so then
the carpool so like I was thinking I
wish it was just that
okay well bottom line like I said we
drank a little bit not a lot
okay okay and so when the cop came I was
just gonna admit the speeding I was
gonna say yeah I was driving a little
fast and when I when I tried to talk he
said oh I smell on your breth I tried to
say no I tried to live a little because
if I said yeah obviously there's nothing
good that can happen so I tried to say
no I haven't been drinking
and he asked me to come out of the car
okay this is why like it's hard for me
to tell you guys because you get mad
it's my fault but Brian was the one
telling you like if you think about this
way if Brian never told me to speed I
would have never okay I know I know it's
my fault but can I finish something what
happened in Himmel so he asked me to do
the like straight line thing I swear I
would have done it but what happened to
my leg I hurt my leg playing basketball
right before so when I couldn't do the
straight line he was saying yeah this
looks suspicious and I tried to tell him
no officer I tried to live in I said I'm
not drunk but like I hurt my way like I
don't know if I was drunk but let's just
say I don't really remember and
everything that was happening
did you give you a ticket like well he
gave me like more than just a ticket my
car actually I just picked it back up
today you know I'm not done let me tell
you so bad when they took my car I was
gonna call you guys but I didn't want to
let me tell you guys so Brian took her
uber and I was trying to go take the
uber with Brian back can that be a
decision they said I have to go to jail
for the night into jail for one night
over there for two hours
and what did I know something because I
know I was supposed to
did you drive sorry I'm just a fool
how many time I say dog dried up when
you're drunk
you could have killed somebody Oh
yourself I feel bad about my nose all
these to use could a chairman now my
vanity license at worst fingers
I know Thank You Billings think about
this like you know me I feel bad imagine
a high - you're right I didn't want to
do that
I'm serious but like imagine if you
drive a ia like a nice car and you're
going out downtown wouldn't you want to
show it off like Buddha still goodish
state of lesson yet that the public
fuckin uber I know let's say if I went
to jail are genetic or you okay like I
was in jail for two hours back how did
you do this that's the worst thing I
never know that you can imagine you kill
somebody or even told yourself how would
I feel my body no mo give it the p1
that's why I never ever thought I would
you can drive and I like I was even
thinking about going to over but like I
said I don't really remember that night
not like the law drunk so like that's a
G I talked to the lawyer well this is
why the until you got yesterday because
yesterday I was thinking okay I'm gonna
call lawyer of course and when I said
okay I'm gonna call alert if there was
nothing too bad I was never gonna tell
you like I'm not a liar anything above
course I don't know Jules in this I'm
not gonna tell anyone how are you gonna
feel
so how are you gonna feel dude with no
pilot while you're picking B I know well
can I just say so then I talked to the
lawyer okay like I said if he just said
you know it's not a big deal you gotta
pay a fine and then it's over
fucking be my hero that's what I'm
driving it's a big deal is dead yes oh
man your name everything you know first
of all he kind of like laughed at me
when I said oh is it that big of a deal
and he said for sure 100% your license
suspended for one year one year
comprendo whoo-hoo-hoo - Mindy don't
don't
okay well I'm not even done on one year
of no license a bunch of fines he's
saying at least $10,000 of fine and the
worst part he said he doesn't think this
could happen because nothing was like
too too deep but he said you could maybe
face more jail time he said I hope so
what do you mean he'll - I already
learned my lesson I learned before have
it I would never gonna drink and drive I
don't know why stupid why not just from
how much we talked about this okay so
you want me to
over-over all the time
oh mama thanks for my next stop doctor
visits do you hit my leg again like
grinding of course and how many times
have I been one man with how a ten meter
quickness and we take movers we never
ever ever ever drink and drive okay well
Chris mom let me just say let's say next
week my friends want to go out like
downtown are you gonna drop me off okay
so I need to go to the gym I can't drive
for one year go either you make no
mistake you know what to do now that's a
big mistake I'm only gonna get hurt by
this nobody else but then you're like
you know like I think community survival
I see second glasses they might put
something in your car to blog to check
on you before you start the car there is
a lot of thing
think about if I go to jail I'm not
saying I am while I want to but think
about this you said you're not going to
drive me to play basketball in jail
there is basketball court right there I
can walk also if you're not gonna drive
me to play that's all you're not going
to drive you to get food in jail there's
food I'm not joking about the fact that
I got you what I'm joking about the fact
that it never happened
I'm joking about the wulfing now I'm
talking about oh I gotta do we can do
this and go to jail I'm talking about
everything mom mom how many heads good
eye
Frank is a Ledge oh it's a joke I swear
let me show you again my mom hand is
shaking just like I was shaking when I
was trying to do the test I was gonna
tell you we can sell it to pay for the
lawyer this was real you know what you
can get yourself into not only the jail
time in this I know this that's why I'm
actually mad at you guys for believing
me you know I wouldn't it was the
opportunity I told you know we will burn
nobody drove their colleges I never
drove we all heard mom everybody you
already know that guys I like I said in
the intro pranking is all about
opportunity like I said they knew that
we went out if I try to do the trick on
a random bed
right over here I wouldn't go away when
does he play basketball or when he's in
the gym or with he's with Dennis is this
no I don't do anything I just play
basketball why you act like it really
happy mom it's hot right now in this
room I want to take my jacket off but I
want to show all the bruises me like Amy
max what's the next freakin two hours
were like Ottomans beat no no was gonna
be a bad lecture
oh just election just a lecture I forgot
to tell you guys drinking driving is
worse yeah don't do it you destroy your
life
yeah and destroying others maybe like I
know they don't drink but if you want to
hit me for real and be more mad than the
DUI prank where do you think I'm going
right now I'm about to go play more
basket one hug instead of hit I'm sorry
love I love you so much and never ever
ever I didn't really do I didn't even
think about doing it we took Ebers and
everything dad even though you didn't
hit me I could tell him that inside you
were gonna kill me not just hit me
what's coming next
yeah my dad is all or nothing either
he'll kill me or he won't say anything
he's not in the middle just hitting no
at one point you said where's the net
tough guys now that means shoot
well it's Brian's fault he told me to
speed so you guys can go get him out up
behind now guys I'm just joking I hope
you enjoyed this video like I said even
the intro don't ever drink and drive
nothing cool or anything like that drop
a like if you did last time I pranked
you and dad you guys pranked me now
I don't prank you guys just wait just
wait no you guys got me so many times if
I did this one
ma I know but still
god I hope you enjoyed today's video
drop a like if you did oh my gosh I'm
mad that my parents even believe me but
I understand it's cuz they know that we
went out if this was on a regular day I
swear they would I have believe me the
prank wouldn't have work they know I'm
not stupid enough to do that
please subscribe to this channel if
you're new term post notifications on 4
live videos every single day at least I
think they're late I don't know what you
guys think but I love you guys all peace
out happy birthday one last time to my
brother and I'm out guys it's time to go
play some basketball
