okay guys so there's my first time
wearing ripped jeans shout out to my
brother that's the only reason I wore
them so through Brian's routines what's
showing nothing
look at my ripped jeans you want to know
why it's it's not skin because there's a
lot in basketball it's your basketball a
bunch of people who are snapchatting me
saying bro your ex wearing jeans not
basketball shorts I said uh-uh not so
fast there's still basketball shorts
right under here so don't get too
excited guys my first time ever wearing
ripped jeans I walked outside and my
knee got so cold
I forgot all the Rings ripped jeans bro
Dennis why are you sweating it's
nighttime it's hot it's cold grow when
you hot you're hot
Oh guys I swear I felt a breeze on my
knee right when I walked in I'm like oh
I forgot I was wearing ripped jeans guys
we were on the way I like to go out for
Brian's birthday and we just hopped in
the / Brian tell him Dennis we have to
go back we forgot Steven I know we
forgot him we're going back now okay
guys so we hopped in the uber and we're
on the way we're driving to the place
and we it turns out we forgot Steven at
the house and now that I think about it
before we left he's ano Brandon is it
cool if I take a leak really quick yeah
come to think about is Steven was all yo
Brandon do I have time to take a leak
really quick and I was like yeah bro go
take a leak take your time and then we
accidentally left and we forgot him I
think it's the ripped jeans I've never
wore them before Steven I'm sorry bro I
remember you told me you wanted to go
pee like guys we see the uber that
Brian's in right there if we go fast it
I wanna see Brian he's right there the
one and only phase drug birthday boy
that's all we told them to slow down
right
it's officially Bryant they now my
little brother
someday I'd like to be poked by 6 ma
I am bringing you guys some news that I
hope it's not too serious I don't know
anything about it yet this literally
just happened I'm probably gonna have to
go get it checked out because it doesn't
feel good at all and hopefully the
doctor doesn't say anything bad because
you guys all know how much I love
basketball and if it's something bad
where I have to not play basketball for
a while I'm gonna be really upset but
pretty much what happened it's my cat
kind of like from my knee to my calf my
shame I'm hoping it's just like a bruise
like a contusion but what happened with
here I'll try to show you guys but
pretty much I caught the ball and I was
going up for a solid admit I wasn't on
the floor and this guy came mind you
this guy was in normal size he was big
and I'm not talking to that I'm talking
muscle like I guess is the football
player because he talked to me after
guys listen saw was in midair and he
came this way he came to try to block me
but he kind of fell and like his whole
body but first his knee first his knee
hit me right here and then like his
whole body fell on me so I kind of just
fell awkwardly you know he got super
scared he's I Hall are you good I'm good
and so after I got up I talked to him
for a while and he pretty much told me
he played football on college and he's a
huge like weight lifter and I'm like of
course of course he has to be that guy
that like fell on me so it was just bad
luck and then you guys already know if
you play sports when you get hurt you
don't really feel it at the time so I
kept playing and I kept playing like an
idiot I think I played for about two or
two-and-a-half hours after I got hurt
your Adrenaline's running and you're in
the middle of a game so you don't want
to stop like oh and by the way I made
the shot to win the game when I fell to
the floor which was amazing I don't know
how I made it if the doctor tells me I'm
hurting I gotta be out for a long time
at least I can say I made the shot what
you guys want to see me try to walk
really quick it's actually fun Jackie
doesn't think it's funny but I think
it's kind
watch guys okay well let me start from
here let's just see what the doctor says
and uh I hope it's nothing too serious
but we'll see mom thank you wait Rajah
you're not my mom thank you so much for
getting Bryan the wrong sizes of shirts
because now these are going to me oh you
did it purposely no wonder they're all
basketball gear mom I knew you were up
to something
Bryan I think I really needed another
pair of basketball shorts oh thank you
oh please don't fit please don't fit
please don't fit well Bryan I always
forget you have a tattoo happy birthday
happy birthday happy yeah how do you
know because you haven't had nothing oh
those are humongous actually I'm not
gonna lie they do fit yeah here Brian
I'll take the chain and you could have
the short no way yeah oh okay Rolex I'll
just choose one maybe
yeah just one Oh Brian just tell me how
bogus this is so obviously like what's
my favorite sport baseball no football
oh yeah yeah so so everyone knows that I
love playing basketball and especially I
love playing basketball with all my
friends so all of my friends and Brian
friends are over right now for Brian's
birthday
Brian happy birthday once again I think
I should have a million times in this
video by happy birthday once again so
all of our friends are over and
everybody's playing basketball but I
can't play because of Brian guys
everybody's playing and it hurts me so
much that I can't play it Brian it's
literally torture yeah I know
again all I could do is watch this is
the worst form of punishment for me like
this is worse than jail time for me
Anthony you're gonna lose I got my money
on Jay oh oh oh
HOA Brian don't you know this house hey
Joey
don't you know this is not a frickin
parking garage this is a driveway yeah
it's not ideal shape this is a driveway
we're not allowed to park cars here
Brian
you know if you ever want to find out
where Brandon a water slaves don't even
bother trying to the internet just go on
a hunt for oil wipes all over the house
and you'll find out where I live
Roma who's winning the sons game today
okay we'll see this remember is it okay
we'll see hey Jordan who's winning sons
are Bulls Lakers hey Dennis Chicago
native he's from Chicago who's winning
today sons are Bulls
son hey my team isn't good either Dennis
you think I care I'm retiring from
basketball let's say right now say what
Anthony's out there falling like
dominoes because of Brian shot the
birthday shot Brian put it up Oh Brian's
out finds out okay it's between Middle
Eastern fever Roma and oli and then you
actually said something funny Oh who's
winning tonight sons are Bulls okay look
what happened and guys I'm not even
thinking about telling my mom because I
know how my mom is and I'm sure you guys
know how my mom is with these kind of
things she gets super scared super
worried actually she's kind of like
Jackie Jackie I was forced to tell her
because she pretty much lives with me so
she had to see me I woulda liked to you
not you know so I don't scare you so you
don't get worried the same with my mom
um I don't think I'm gonna tell my mom
until I go to the doctor and find out
exactly what it is because I don't want
my mom to be all worried all night she's
a mom so that's exactly how she thinks I
told my dad because my dad is just like
oh was it bad did it hurt but I told my
dad don't tell my mom okay guys so I
test it out playing a little bit because
I'm like okay if I feel better and I
could play normal then I won't go to the
doctor if we let's just say that I need
to go to the doctor and get this checked
out when you lose to Anthony that's how
you know you need to go to the doctor
and get your leg checked out
Anthony heard me me and Dennis are about
to go to the doctors and just see what's
up I hope I hope that it's nothing bad
I'm hoping that they say it's just like
a bad bruise or like a deep bruise
instead of anything you know more
serious than that because that would be
a killer it would freaking like crush
every single feeling I have in my body
if it's just a bruise and they say that
you know you'll feel better in blah blah
blah then I'm okay with that I don't
care we'll see what they say and
hopefully it's nothing too bad guys but
I'll keep you updated okay guys so we're
here thankfully they're open I don't
think it's gonna be too bad in here
after you being forced to be here
Dennis forced me jackie was also telling
me to go she's at work right now but
it's just gonna be like sore it's gonna
get bruised but you can't play
basketball for a couple days the man you
say don't need your full name for
yeah it's really hard to break this leg
here unless you do something massive I
sit for a little bit and then I'm I
wasn't like wondering about play that's
why he's asked best thing who's gonna
rest now he's gonna be fine I'm fine
I would just you really need to lay off
though if you don't lay off then it just
I mean you know holiday we owe ya that's
true the gyms gonna be tomorrow don't
stick to one day just one day yes to
play Tuesday yeah twice a day Tuesday in
the morning so they come for nothing
yeah thank you
- not playing basketball
yes yes I'm so happy guys first of all
if you really think I'm not playing
basketball tomorrow you are crazy as
soon as she said it's not broken I said
well I'm playing tomorrow what's the
menu plan again
hey do you know okay what happened
didn't feel that bad but then you played
on it and it got worse yeah how it is if
you plan it gets worse well god I just
want to get it checked out to make sure
it wasn't broken or like she said like a
massive blood clot because that either
one of those would have been really
really bad so I'm really happy what did
she say she said it was just like a
brute she said it was bruised like yeah
not like swollen and she said like not
obviously not to play basketball until
you can walk regular at least she
noticed that couldn't even walk normal
so shout-out to her I'm extremely happy
I swear when I tell you I was scared
that it was gonna be something bad I was
so nervous when we walked into that
office because that's like honestly one
of my biggest fears is just injuring
something serious and not being able to
play basketball for a long time
hey a lot of people see basketball is
just like you know any other sport or
just a hobby or something but honestly
when I say basketball is my life I
really mean it without basketball I have
you know no form of fun no form of
competitiveness no like nothing to look
forward to obviously I have fun with my
friends doing other things but
basketball is just a basketball brings
my life together whether it's watching
playing just talking about basketball my
whole life revolves around basketball so
I was scared that the doctor was gonna
say you know oh it's a bad injury and
you can't play for a while but hey I'm
just glad and I'm really really happy
that it's nothing like that
and now it's time to go home and watch
the Phoenix Suns game first place
Chicago the chaton Bulls gate guys you
all know something crazy look at the
time right there 12:40 literally any
other day of my life I would be at the
gym right now at 12:40 playing
basketball but today I woke up and I
just decided you know well Brandon it's
not worth it after what the doctor was
telling me and not just that but I
played basketball a lot I've been
playing basketball my whole entire life
and I get hurt a lot that's just what
happens when you play every day and
usually when I get hurt I know what my
limits are I know what my body could
take and I go and play basketball and I
keep playing and I keep playing this
injury guys I can just tell that it's
nothing to mess with and it could really
really get hurt if I keep on playing so
I decided for one day I listen to the
doctor's advice and I decided I will not
die if I skip one day that's how you
know this injury is bad I'm right here
at home doing nothing while all my
friends are at the gym playing
basketball and I'm still not going let
me just take one day off the basketball
and just play tomorrow I'll play
tomorrow and I'm not gonna die I don't
think so oh and uh Romel who was gonna
win the Suns a Bulls game I don't know I
forgot what you said but um I was
watching the game last night the Phoenix
Suns got the way baby let's go but yeah
guys other than that
drop a like on this video if you enjoyed
subscribe to the channel if you are new
turn post notifications on for brand new
videos almost every single day one last
time happy birthday to my brother Brian
Brian I love you and I hope me my
friends and our family made this the
best birthday you've ever had because
that's what I tried to do it's so
tempting to go to the gym right now play
with my friend god I hate myself I
actually hate myself
so much because after everything I just
said in my outro everything I just said
saying how I'm not gonna play today I'm
gonna listen to the doctor I get one
more phone call and this one was for my
best friend Ollie and he goes your way
and so are you really not talking to the
gym today I said you know what enough is
enough I'll be there
I just put my basketball socks on and
I'm actually going to the gym right now
to play some basketball
hey buddy you'll be fine don't worry I
hate myself I hate myself so much who
invented basketball who invented the
sport
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
