this house it's so nice oh god I love
driving here because of some case that
started and I'm like wait what is this
house all right so you got will guess
through right here pretty like random
but there's a giraffe on the tables oh
yeah that's pretty sick some Bibles like
it's just it designed up I'm sure you
need that Brian you need it more than me
why cuz I've been to church at least
some more recent than music alright so I
think this what they call a dining room
is it okay this is my favorite part here
Brendon the patio area it's like in the
middle right it was are you doing the
boys what are you doing I don't know my
neck feels kind of cold it's I see who
you're wearing the wrong anyway the
diamonds are all flip back okay really
no wonder my neck was so cold it was
actually on my neck supposed to be this
way you had it this way really
wait don't come through the room yeah
okay so this is literally a guest house
of a room like just by itself so we're
outside right now in the middle of the
house and everything is glass around it
it's actually sick but yeah it's like
you need privacy it's scary
is this a comfy Brian let's test it out
tonight we don't need to break the
shower - yeah but this is a little too
creepy for me this is where we get
murdered in the middle of the man or you
can put a TV like over here to watch so
yeah I live by this house is just the
living area where people live 22 points
in the first half six three-pointers in
the first half
what's he gonna do is that Greg Monroe
yeah you know there beuliss yeah it's on
the bucks
Wow
mark you trip with a big rage no I would
have made that though yeah we're being
honest like I did Wei Brian this house
problems one broken item the pace run
smooth like you're allowed to break one
item free of charge
I'll choose big I think I don't think
okay let's all just pray and hope that
the Sun would tonight go outside won't
butcher shop won't butcher shop Hey look
who's actually so good you caught me
so here we have a three words so the
backyard we got to just be quiet because
like to interrupt the vlog video is to
tell me to close the door
what the heck my girlfriend you wouldn't
mind say Devin Booker is the best one I
mean yeah Booker is the best player in
the NBA
let me clean while they're big enough so
go for it
there's the ocean in the backyard oh
I've been heating up the hot tub for the
past three hours it's still at 68
degrees so I think we have to wait like
a full 24 hours we've been don't go
there let's do the waves come right if I
fell in right you didn't know the pool I
thought I was like a designer for ocean
their sale yeah
I keep hearing I'm not just saying
this but okay I go back did you hear
that Brian okay no I swear every where I
go I hear well actually women
ping-pong cos that doing that for me and
there's no pedals and no ball never
 kill me a people long as you guys
didn't see that video pain if there's no
ball we can use the other pool balls did
this guy jump in the pool he thought it
was sad
what does bathroom we got one tank
what's Papa Kalihi I thought this was an
attic I swear to God look look here is a
secret I'm sure you'll find it on any
one white guy let's see how we're gonna
take the picture honestly if you're
staying here like this is scary time I
know that's why I invited you guys over
yeah I'll give it here alone I knew
brought me the singer by itself so the
prior just hope the sun went tonight and
we'll have a good night okay five
million dollars for an old chair no it's
cuz it's like right by the beach and
 oh you don't eat and I didn't
really do the ocean let me just make
this clear so there's a stain on the
wall and looks like someone threw their
shoe up there let me just make it clear
this stain was already here before the
sons game was over so the sons lose I
don't want anyone to say oh that was
Brandon and he threw something up there
no just no the game is still on and the
stain is still there yeah Brian I can't
guys I'm sorry look you got it
why there's no way while the one hand
this Kim this camera huge when the sun's
way no I can't actually like my hands
start shaking you know everyone can I
please ask for a huge favor so today a
drug and benders birthday and I know all
the shine is for Brian today but let's
be real Brian's birthday isn't until
November 19th so can we all give a happy
birthday to Dragon bender okay one two
three
happy birthday dragon dragon plane okay
dragon bender birthday boy click what do
you say thank you thank you thank you
wait Brian the most surprising thing
we've heard today out of Clint's mouth
what was it yeah plan okay I actually
knew that there were four quarters in a
basketball game hey guys so the sons are
playing in a close game
you say anything said in the car look
for those who don't know Xavi I actually
like to play pool when I'm stressed I'm
just joking but there's a pool table
right here and I'm stressed so don't
tell Brian Brian already did it once I
made it that's the white ball your
answer to make it but anyways guys why
couldn't this game just not be closed
I'm in front of family and friends I
just wanna have a good time and you know
be relaxed but of course every game of
some plane has to be super close so
hopefully the Suns could end up winning
this game yeah how to get your boyfriend
to break up with you 101 guys so
apparently I'm not allowed to scream so
the sun's hit a big three and I scream
everybody
sheesh for Brandon visits in his
apartment neighbors fight eg that pay
him I mean I'm innocent
all I do is wait did you wear it the
right way this time
ruggedized if you come in we shop for
party and this time I wore it the right
way
come notion that I didn't do I needed
that what do you do what do you have
around your neck I didn't even notice
that's nice
hey demic says and - this hey Danny said
that I saw his neck guys a lot of people
think that my knees and my legs get sore
because I played too much basketball I
actually think it's because I don't sit
down for one second while the son gave
his arms just on getting that long
they're over two hours and I stand up
the whole time and by the way would my
new blogging camera okay jeez why don't
mix around okay guys I'm gonna act like
the sons coach for the
seven minutes here's the easy plant give
Booker the balls every single black
listen you can't scream you be broken up
your name leads the games almost over a
five leave right now you think I'll make
it home in time to watch the end of the
game with your driving nails your music
video that Bullard did the chain someone
get it out of my house please you speed
did you get cut back hall to one day
live ready very gonna blog that moment
Brian when I get cut by a happy for my
life
and that's the gay guy I don't know just
sneak up the game is closed or if we can
swing my crazy welcome with 33 that's it
wow you scored a negative 3 what
happened Dennis I told you not to play
that boat I just told him not to play
GTA school and I swear boy you're crazy
tell them what you were playing really
hard with your hands inside to push in
the way of the pocket that's how they
were playing my fingers not small just
forgot my friends are really fat
it's either swollen of my fingers back
okay guys we're about to go check right
now how I actually thought this was sand
Dennis tell me right now it doesn't look
like fans you don't know why we're
laughing why right before you came out
really all of hillocks san yeah as a
joke and then you came out I thought you
were joking
I said pit stop I think you actually
went in Dennis how did I not fall
Dennis careful bro I literally went in
both feet over
okay maybe from up close look all the
water came on Dennis I don't know how I
didn't fall through and I had my phone
on me that would have been all bad okay
maybe it doesn't look like saying too
much look at that bad boy
see if Michael Myers
Dennis that's disgusting
Dennis are you kidding me you're playing
again this is called not learning your
lesson guys I can't find brain will run
for like ten minutes
oh my god Brandon what are you doing
reading where are you going ready Brian
sayonara is he coming damn so it's that
easy to steal phaser exchange when
you're posing too much guys you know
what maybe they have been getting along
that we look alike
whenever I see comments on Anthony's
picture all I read it you look like a
wall let me turn into a boat boy okay
listen smile but not too hard and don't
show this is how grandma ended up in
time no don't show teeth like this
I hope you enjoyed the video right
thanks for having us and I think you're
insane by the way if you want to find
another room there's so many
okay okay
the homeowners Dennison got cut
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
