look how mad she's gonna get babe I have
to tell you something serious so
remember how I told you I wasn't gonna
play basketball today I got a text from
Justin something bad he said he's going
to the gym and playing basketball and he
wants me to go babe I swear he did I
have to go no I really wasn't gonna go I
swear I wasn't gonna go today did you
see how I even woke up late I like 8:30
usually I wake up at like 7:00 but I
woke up like something like I'm not
gonna play today my body hurts but
Justin just texted me babe I know but
last night I was going to sleep and I
had I'm leaving in like two minutes guys
I had the worst sore throat the worst
cough I couldn't even sleep and I felt
bad for Jackie because every time she
would fall asleep all you would hear is
me going and then also like my body hurt
really bad because I played two games
yesterday and I was like you know what
babe I'm not gonna go to the gym
tomorrow I'm gonna take one day of rest
and I got a text and I heard that
everybody's playing today so now I'm not
making it up baby what are you doing
wait guys usually our party plays it's
tough this is the left usually all the
party left by now look I can have the
tea for when I'm sick then you're gonna
feel ahh
what I'm eating a burrito then okay and
God look wait I can't sit and talk after
walking talk you all know me if Jackie
wasn't going to work I obviously
wouldn't have land playback I would've
stayed here and been with her but she's
already leaving to work one yeah soon so
like I might as well go play right but
if she wasn't
yeah that's just your excuse to make it
up to it I hate them okay they're all my
feelings jacket this is how you know I'm
gonna have a bitch table right where I
have the bruise babe okay well anyways
good this is how do you know it's gonna
be a good basketball day when I put this
jacket on you know yesterday I went to
the gym I walked in with this and some
guy goes Phoenix we're in San Diego you
know that right and I said I don't care
my favorite team is the Suns boo Dennis
is no fun
he said finish your video bro trust me
and your body needs the rest
dennis is only saying I shouldn't go
because he's at work and he can't go a
hundred and ten percent if Dennis was
here in his home he would say bro your
body doesn't need the rest let's go play
but since he's at work and you can't
leave to go to the gym he's like Brandon
you don't need to play aggressive body
means it I know you Dennis Brandon a
game waters and I'm out peace you're
sunk gotta get the lower back stretch
cuz I feel like I'm 80 years old with a
bad lower back this stretches your butt
he's the reason I'm even here right now
Jackie probably hates you
no Bo I didn't even think I was gonna
come to dominate over next we're taking
over
but we're here and it's actually really
good people playing so I'm glad we came
all you mine Andy
it's on film now is going in hot I love
bringing the camera out here everyone
tries their hardest uh-oh the cippec Oh
3-pointer wins the game
can I view it scrambled let's do pancake
tell her how much the sons lost by 26
wasn't that bad we only lost by 26
we got a vegetarian in the house one
vegan one vegetarian yeah time to make a
copy of the car so guys we're having a
depressed dinner right now because the
Phoenix Suns lost well actually I think
I'm the only one to press actually Jack
is a Suns fan too so white canes I don't
think anyone else cares out the sun's
loss I'm the only son staying here y'all
look at Jordan making all the jealous
Raising Cane's show the toast the toast
is the best part
oh my god this is how we eat dinner
together
what up your name okay guys so since my
friends weren't letting me pay for the
meal we're about to do a little card
roulette whose card is in it one two
three and mine for yeah Jackie finesse
and so did Justin I mean he didn't eat
well what'd you eat one of them all you
had your credit card even though that's
fine
watch now everyone's gonna try to order
dessert and order another meal and get
more drinks okay guys so it's like 1:00
in the morning right now yeah we just
got bored we're like let's just go have
some dinner but I'm not really tired
what do you think I should do when I go
back home
I think you should throw your freaking
camera in the microwave because that's
all you do you videotape me I can't do
anything in peace so you want me to
microwave my camera yeah so freakin
burns and breaks that sounds good you
know well I think I'm gonna go microwave
my camera when we get home okay right
now I need everyone's prediction Dennis
what do you think will happen to my
camera if i microwave it I have two
things what one either the microwave
like mess up yeah second thing I think I
think it's gonna Sparkle turn it on
it'll just give up and turn well first
of all let me ask you guys is I am I
gonna end up having to buy a new camera
after this is my new microwave new
apartment new who can buy new microwave
new apartment
yeah whole complex is it worth a live
video or no yeah yeah I think it's worth
it wait I don't think we should put the
battery in it no I think we should take
the battery out just to be safe whatever
guys we're gonna stop asking for what we
think is gonna happen because no matter
what people say I've already set my mind
we're doing this video right when we get
back to the apartment and if I end up
getting kicked out guys I guess I'm
moving back in with my parents so mom
when you watch this video I'm pretty
sure you're right now you're hoping that
something bad happens to where I get
kicked out so I can move back home we'll
see so nobody ever wants to come to my
place but the second you find out we're
microwaving a camera then everyone's
down to come over to see my freaking
vlogging camera get burn bro Mel's the
happiest because he thinks I'm gonna be
done vlogging even Jordan came through
to witness the burning of my camera okay
guys so we actually decided that instead
of microwaving the camera we are about
to deep-fry the camera have you ever
used the deep fryer no g7x I don't even
ah geez go for seven 800 bucks
I mean I've heard of you know
deep-frying french fries I don't know if
either heard of deep-frying a camera but
isn't it crazy when you moved into this
place
we got a deep fryer expecting to
deep-fry some food and the first thing
we in the deep frying is a freaking
camera think about that oh yeah by the
way guys just so you don't get confused
he is not the same person as him they're
brothers they're not the same person so
oh wait Dennis we have to take the
battery out like we said we're cooking
camera there should be enough for
everybody don't worry it's like getting
ready for Thanksgiving since my poor
camera
forget the maxbo we're going over the
mags for the video is this vegan I think
he's a vegan ball oh my gosh imagine if
we actually ate the camera we would get
a heart attack okay Dennis I think
that's enough we need to save because
tomorrow we're cooking bacon for
breakfast oh my god and we're gonna go
in that yeah especially if we like don't
rip oil my house yeah good thing we're
laying the camera down and you think I'm
gonna end up having to buy a new camera
it's gonna survive okay the microwave
maybe there would have been a chance for
survival but this we're pretty much just
expecting this to melt down
wait defrost it oh really I didn't know
guys saw Dennis overfill the oil so much
that locate literally it burned the
plastic off the thing look the max is
right there Dennis you overfill it so
much what's Turner show you from degrees
this shoots for 375 okay guys so we're
about to dip a canon g7x my everyday
vlogging camera inside of 375 degrees
oil my face is burning
so show the camera and do a surprised
face so do you think I should put it
without a cap are they living this
planning to put the Cabaret way
first of all classes Bernie coordinated
enough to put this down and put the cap
on top of this a good angle
you take AP photo and I scoop you know I
did cut it okay guys
three two one
back up okay bubbling right now okay no
I'm gonna let you two broke it's okay to
melt it a little bit but back to the
baby why'd you tell me to unplug it
Dennis Dennis we promise to do this for
the video Dennis has a fear of deep
fryers and a fear of plugs well we're
leaving the camera inside and out right
there you see it and we are going to
check what happened do you take the
battery all the batteries right here hey
how long until we check in seven where'd
you come up with that okay guys so our
first update how long has it been just
like two minutes and the screen is like
off okay look guys right there so the
screen like melted off and it smells
like that it smells it's not like foods
actually holding again again it comes
out of the lands bow that's where the
bubbles come out from okay so we're
gonna leave it in
a little bit longer and then check it
and we might have to go back to the
microwave idea brawler was his AC then
freakin we all went crazy over here
bubbling and everything it was a
freaking AC micro away waiting okay guys
so we're taking the camera right now
what I notice is that the bun came off
the lens is melted loosing something
yellow that's opening by itself oh okay
well there goes my kid put water on it
wait
look at all the buttons they're like
sideways and everything whoa the screens
breaking there goes my camera go get it
it's literally melted bo listen who came
up with the idea of the deep fryer so at
least in the microwave maybe there was
like a 1% chance I don't survive look
what happened to my vlogging camera now
the deep fryer that was no chance hey
Dennis I'll give you a million dollars
if you put your whole hand in there not
just a finger but your fist ready three
two
hey now the oil is already hot
everything les all√©es do like bacon or
something
French Milo's disgusting oh yeah it's
gonna take like a medal then lens oh
that's still hot but the screen is cold
this hurts right there Dennis touch it
when I see it smoking just a bit oh it's
still I know and then look at that it's
well melted Dennis kiss oh oh yeah we'll
get the spring coming out of the top
guys what's going on guys Brandon you're
a gay voice and today I'm bringing you
guys a brand new video and wait Dennis
ah
Belushi's hot no helping this spoon is
it's like a spoon for soup the buttons
are all like sideways are pushed in or
popped out huh
what'd you say I'm a hundred and fifty
percent sure if you try to turn it on
it's not going to turn on first of all
because it doesn't even have a battery
okay babe so we did the experiment canon
g7x verse 375-degree deep fryer and
let's just say you know how i'm vlogging
with my phone right now I might be
having to flood with my phone a little
water until I go get a new camera yeah
yeah it all melted the screen fell off
and all the buttons were like either
popped out smushed in okay guys so we're
about to get Jackie's reaction to that
every day of vlogging camera for eating
the porridge for when the three little
bears come hey Dennis do you know that
story and the porridge
this is melted Dennis feel this look
would let me okay guys so here is a
completely finished product so what
happened to this the lens caps pretty
much melted this is fully melted look
it's like coming off it's still dripping
with oil yeah pretty much just melted it
as if you put it in like a fireplace or
something so the screen is completely
off that was the first thing that came
off guys the thing that tricked me out
after prints when I saw the buttons like
sideways and she it looks like something
you'd seen a funhouse yeah first when I
saw I was like where am i tripping out
and then I'm like nah they're really
sideways I hope you guys enjoyed this
little experiment video I don't really
do too much of these but I'm trying to
do more I'm trying to think of other
experiments so let me know if you guys
enjoyed this type of video I feel like
it's fun if I was sitting back relaxing
on YouTube then I don't want to watch
something like this it's an experiment
video hey Dennis your room I'm sorry bro
it smells it's my fault that's what I
said I'm sorry no you didn't - yeah I
think we can put it back together can't
we all by the way if you're wondering
granted you're so dumb
why would you ruin - okay Mike that hey
I did it for you guys I feel like this
would be an enjoyable video for you guys
anyways guys I was gonna close out
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed
this video subscribe to the channel if
you're new drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed I need to go buy a camera
today because I don't want to keep
flogging on my iPhone for you guys so
I'll get that figured out today
one last thing I want to ask you guys
please if you have my post notifications
on I've noticed YouTube it's not sending
out a lot of post notifications so
please go to the Bell turn it off and
then turn it back on because sometimes
people tell me that that works and all I
know is YouTube's just been messing up
with notifications a lot of people tweet
me everyday bro I didn't get your
notification but I have the bell on so
please try that out go to the Bell click
it to turn it off and then click it
again to turn it back on other than that
guys I love you guys all thank you guys
so much for watching this video and I
hope you enjoyed the experiment type
video
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
