hi guys it's Jackie here I know I
haven't seen you guys in so long
so just wants to say I've missed you
guys so right now I'm filming with my
phone so basically today I'm gonna be
doing a prank on Brandon so today we're
all plan to hang out me him and Dennis
and I was thinking of doing a prank on
him about like I have a new boyfriend
you guys know how Brandon is so I have
no idea how he's gonna take it uh dennis
is gonna set up the camera for me I
texted him set it up in his room cuz I
was like he would never expect me to be
pranking him in Dennis's room I am
really nervous right now like my heart
is like beating out and obviously I
don't want to make this boring for you
guys so I'm gonna totally be pushing his
buttons you know be rude about it like
just to get the best reaction for you
guys so I hope you guys are excited so
I'm excited what's up guys Jackie just
messaged me saying her and Brad are
about to come off and I want this thing
to work so I'm trying out a new hiding
spot for this print and they're about to
be here and she's gonna take it over
from there copy
don't tell me you're playing all day
tomorrow
okay every time I hear this I know
something doesn't happen first of all
why status walk into my dad's necklace
small listen I listen I need to tell you
because it's like serious so I want you
to pay attention I feel like I need to
come out with this I really nervous to
tell you but I just feel like it's time
like you and I have been separated long
enough and I don't know if you're dating
but
I have a boyfriend and his mom today
things are getting pretty serious
meaning you've been dating for like oh
well we wanted to be broken up for like
four months
no but like I think we're just getting
pretty serious we look like I just feel
like I had to tell you because you know
those pictures with him and I would
think it's disrespectful to like not
telling you when you find out I'm like
consider Superman now like well yeah I
know you're in today I know I respect
that you're telling me that you have a
new boyfriend and things are getting
pretty serious this is just a couple
months after we broke up so it's kind of
like weird to me but at the same time
like you will or we always said after we
broke up that if you were to get a
boyfriend or flower it's get a
girlfriend that we wish nothing but
happiness for each other so I mean yeah
yeah so I wish nothing but happiness for
you and I'm happy for you it's just kind
of weird how spikes all serious this
fast out I imagine obviously one day I'm
gonna get a girlfriend and one day you
were gonna get a boyfriend that's true
but this quick is just kind of wait I
don't know it's weird bond happens for
you if you're happy then I'm happy
like yeah meeting mom serious
relationship and I'm over here playing
basketball eight hours a day what am i
doing my life I should get a tent or
something come on I'm not trying to be
rude I'm the same kind of weird but at
the end of the day like you said are you
happy yeah okay if you're happy I'm
happy
I promise we always said that we all
know obviously okay if I told you how to
do a friend how would you feel right now
I know obviously we'd be happy but would
you be like okay let's still a party you
got a girlfriend you like yeah no no I'm
happy for you obviously but I'm not
gonna be like crazy celebrating like and
all the friends were doing but I am
happy for you I'm telling you I wouldn't
I don't say things I don't mean I
wouldn't say I don't have to if I wasn't
happy for you so I'm happy for you as
long as you're happy if you have a new
relationship and it's healthy and it's
and it's something that you want that
I'm happy for you that's what I told you
when we broke up and I was lying about
it so if you're happy then I'm happy for
you like I don't need to say anything
wrong anything was if you're happy
onomatopoeia but I'm just saying it's
it's 1:00 in the morning right now so
your boyfriend right now
whoever it is know that it at 1:00 in
the morning you're hanging out with your
ex-boyfriend like you're in a house
along with your ex crazy okay I'm not
crepe yeah I love your bar that doesn't
make me crazy
so right now obviously not so when we
were dating you want me to say Oh Jackie
go to your ex's house at 1:00 in the
morning you guys hang out on the couch
okay oh that's good I'm just saying I'm
just saying I don't like soldier your
boyfriend is cool with you go go over to
your ex's house at 1:00 in the morning
like I don't know I'm not saying
anything bad he's honestly
I trust that doesn't I will hope your
next boyfriend after me was a really
good guy because I don't want you to get
him to talk to a relationship I don't
want you to date anybody bad like I said
we're still friends and I still care for
me that's not I care about your
happiness so as long as you're happy
who's going to treat you right that's
the most important thing yeah I mean you
know I'm like he's a really good guy no
he actually has style I feel like I need
to tell you this because I feel like
I've been scared but like I honestly
like you never dressed up like you're
always in vegetable here which is why
I'm because we would go out you dress in
basketball shorts and okay you never
want to impress me what do you mean I
never want to just wear like shorts what
does that have to do with anything right
now I don't understand like he actually
dresses up and that's good for him what
if I wanted a sponsor but fashionable
now I'm care if he dresses nice and if
me wearing basketball shorts bother you
you should have said something and I
would have been like yo I'm gonna change
and I wear jeans I'll wear if we could
jacket you never said it bothered you
and it wasn't that I wasn't that it
bothered me I just felt like you should
know like okay for going okay yeah no
I'm glad you're glad new boyfriend
dresses nice I'm glad I hope he becomes
a model and like a fashion like diva
walking down the runway I'm glad I don't
but he went basketball shorts was not
like me telling you oh hey I don't care
about you so many basileus words if your
boyfriend dresses up nice that's cool
good for him but I really don't care how
your boyfriend dresses or how he doesn't
wear basketball shorts well like I said
I'm happy for you have a boyfriend I
don't get why you're like taking shots
at me instead you are yes you are
especially when it's something that you
never brought up for two years over
dating is all you have to do was bring
it up one time young man you need to
dress better and I would
talk about why you're bringing it up
okay yeah no that's what I'm happy for
you have a new boyfriend
but you're welcome but I don't need to
hear about how he dresses or anything
like that why I was really as a friend I
need to tell you like some tips because
like okay like basketball now that we're
on the topic he doesn't make his whole
life about basketball it's not like oh
we can't go to the movies because the
son's game is on that oh yeah like we
can't watch this because videogames I'll
be dating someone wave you never know
but you you can't live your life oh okay
that's cool I had a passion for
basketball and now look I'm friends with
Devin Booker I'm friends with his family
I go to the some games for free because
they fly me out I'm sitting watching the
games for no reason you make your life
all about that yeah because I love
basketball just like okay do you love
your boyfriend I go with right now yeah
okay so you're gonna make your life
about him you're gonna hang out with you
I know so I have a passion for
basketball I love that ball so I make my
life about I don't see what so better
have a hobby I have a passion and the
grit let me let me night okay no no like
I said I'm happy for you you telling me
that you have a new boyfriend should not
be you comparing everything that he does
to me I don't understand where that's
coming you should have left it at okay
bring an avenue boyfriend and I say okay
Jackie I'm happy for you like thank you
for our two years I'm still gonna be
your friend but not now woody I don't
get what you're doing right now all
you're doing is oh well he does this
better than you he does this and you
don't I really I'm not trying to be but
I
we don't care what he does that I don't
because you having a new boyfriend
should not be a brandon and new
boyfriend comparison do you know what I
mean like I'm not gonna get a new
girlfriend I like Kentucky my new
girlfriend has freaking bigger boobs
than you and she does it
freaking Buffalo I'm not gonna do that
I'm not gonna do that I don't know if me
like I'm different than you I don't know
I just don't doubt what you're doing but
it's wrong I just want to tell you so
that when you get a girlfriend you you
know that's fine I have no time to get a
girlfriend right now
but I appreciate your concern and
everything that you're doing I'm just
glad you're happy I'm gonna leave it up
there like I'm glad you're happy and
that's that's the most important thing
can I show you I just wanted to see you
know I know I'm Jackie
why okay right now I know right and how
the last like I don't want to see a
picture good maybe no when you post a
picture I'll see you I like it all right
when you pose with y'all like just right
now like literally minute after you tell
if you have a new boy Jackie I okay
that's fine I'm telling you right now
I'd rather not see a picture of you with
your boyfriend no no I really don't get
what you're doing right now I swear I
don't
hey why are you so mouthful I'm not mad
obviously telling me to see a picture I
took I'm happy for a new good job thank
you I know that's cool that's cool he's
cute that's fun that's fun like I said I
hope he becomes a model and a freaking
GQ like I hope everything yeah yeah no
I'm honey suggesting I just right now I
just want to see a picture okay if I got
a new girlfriend do you want me to die
okay look here's a picture of our nose
okay that's you were different people in
a couple of days or maybe even tomorrow
I'll say yes I mean that picture of you
guys but right now I just don't want to
see a picture of either I don't
understand what's so hard
okay
I just wanted like I feel like I should
tell you you know like I met his mom
today and she was like kind of vibe more
than when you me and your mom and okay
stop stop stop stop I don't care that
your man is mom but don't bring my mom
into this but if you no no Jackie I'm
serious you know what I think about my
parents and my mom if you if you want to
talk about me and compare him to me
that's fine
the don't come here his mom no don't
compare his mom to mom the anymore you
said you okay no that's cool okay I'll
get about his mom his mom made that but
don't bring up my mom and his mom in the
same sentence okay but I'm saying I met
her today and we're like getting pretty
serious Wow
I'm so happy for you but please don't
bring up my mom we're kind of moving
okay Jackie I know I'm very happy for
you
like I say I'm happy for you tomorrow
I'll look at the picture if you post it
I'll like it
one day I'll meet him maybe we'll play
basketball together but right now Jackie
you just told me that you have a
boyfriend I don't want to hear like
everything right now in a couple of days
or maybe we could text about it that's
cool but right now Jackie I don't want
to hear about your whole relationship
and how cool and all this we can do that
at different times I know but look at
the time it's it's past 1:00 o'clock
you're over here you have a new
boyfriend I'm your ex I don't really see
a reason why you're here yeah I know but
I'm telling you I know you told me right
so it's done I know you have a boyfriend
that's so I'm not
I'm who sir if you'd like quite an
invitation to the wedding
oh oh I want you there
Wow can I be his best man no I'm just
saying okay you want me to come to the
wedding yes sorry that's not something
I'm interested in doing well I will I
will text you when you get maintained
Congrats like beat I wish you nothing
but the baby cuz I don't want to be
there when you have a kid yeah when you
have a kid I'm gonna text you say
congrats so I'm having kitten right now
Jackie like I'm not so I'm not Jackie
I'm not kicking you out but if you want
to leave right now
Jackie if you want to leave right now so
I can go to sleep my body's sore about
to take an ice bath I played a lot of
basketball if you want to leave it
wouldn't bother me if you left I'm not
kicking you out if you want to say you
can stay six and a half hours later
Jackie Jackie Jackie I'm gonna say the
logs everything and then I have to go to
sleep I'm sorry the last time I seen
Jackie I'm happy for you I'm sure my
mom's happy for you I'm sure your
family's happen I'm very very happy for
you you're not letting me finish
I swear Jackie for the millionth time
you might not see it in my face and I
might not look happy but once again like
I said I'm not gonna be like joking up
yeah Jackie has a new boyfriend that's
how I knew but I'm telling you straight
up like friend to friend I am happy for
you so do you believe that yeah okay
but I just don't want to be here sitting
here and listening to you talk about
your new boyfriend for hours that's not
good that that you can talk to your
girlfriend's about that like your
friends you can talk to them about that
I know you're not your eggs
okay okay jack but but you right now if
you're if your boyfriend is awake you
can go hang out with him I don't know
why you ain't yelled me at this time
when you have a new boyfriend and you're
like if we were hanging out watching
movie you are like hanging out with
Dennis that's cool but I don't think me
and you should be hanging out of Mona
especially when us
it's you talking about your freaking
crazy
oh yeah hey new boyfriend cute and I
don't care are you dating Jackie that's
cool that's fine
yeah cuz I know you're gonna watch this
video but just know that you're freaking
new girlfriend is with me at 1:00 in the
morning
on the couch alone while our friends in
the shower but just know what's his name
hey hey John that is adenosine no come
out you should have listened all I was
told but the camera that's it
hey am I in the clear for this it was
only for me I don't like my life to you
guys the joke that's all I'm gonna say
not me all I was told to set up the
camera thirty minutes of my life
the last thing I remember all that did
you play basketball now we're here first
of all I was hurt because these are new
weekend sweatpants I just bought so when
she said that she looked at my sweat and
all her really I thought these were my
mom and look new boyfriend I'm playing
basketball shorts under these and guys
just to be clear because right now he's
pretty not because I know he'll of
people he'll of people in the comment
section are gonna be like oh my god it
was so mad that you got a new boyfriend
blah blah blah know if she did it like
say what she was saying I would not have
got mad I was honestly when she first
told me I'm not gonna say like oh I
wasn't like that but at the end of the
day I did promise you when you broke up
that whenever she like got a new
boyfriend I would be nothing but happy
for her and that
what but then she started talking to
bogus oh he dresses better than ooh he's
cuter than that this is what I wanted
because I didn't want to make it boring
yeah thank you guys and who's the
smartest always says all gonna be bogus
you got to be a little cool I was like
what else am I gonna say so then I
thought about it and I was just gonna
like you know roast you yeah that boy
would eat what you say buddies bomb this
one really likes me powerful comment
with either about my mom or when you
brought up the past
okay I see this not only is best for
sure I don't know I don't care okay
poor guy just goes to the gym comes back
I wake up I do my video I go to the gym
play basketball and then record a video
and I go to sleep why do I see here I
get brain by this devil at this devil
like what do I do I stand
wait why am i devil I don't know because
not me no it's wrong about this brain
just dennis is the devil off camera
without this make whatever you are you
guys thank you for helping me no no
don't ever sleep I don't know that's how
much no just no guys when you watch this
to all of you guys I may be Brandon and
have a normal life and stuff but to her
and then it's my life is a joke we know
we touch him I really was trying to
press his buttons like you want to judge
me I was punching I was pushing you
wanna touch me
let me have your ex-girlfriend of over
two years to come up to you guys and say
that she has a new boyfriend that's fine
he's cuter than you he dresses better
than you his mom is nicer than your mom
and let me see your buttons not getting
pressed you want to judge me yeah we're
coming to crash it and throw rice at the
guy hey would I be yeah I Jake no no but
really I'll plug that for you guys be
throwing rice at the UN Dennis want to
set this up and set the camera you guys
without roll Dennis well no okay I'm
gonna do that we're all facing you
please just move your mouth that's all
you gotta do okay you're good wait don't
go this close I've got six days stop you
guys recorded this whole video I got a
haircut if I do it camera's gonna be a
little more hard alright guys we're
gonna into today's video and this was a
painting by Jackie and featuring Brandon
he got pranked and love you guys goodbye
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
