yo guys this is crazy I'm finally
updating my iPhone it has been so long
since I've updated my iPhone you know
the new emojis that came out not even
recently though so all the new emojis
okay I don't even know if that makes
sense the old new emojis
well whatever half the time people send
me emojis all I see is a question mark
look I don't even have the drooling
emoji so I finally decided to update my
iPhone and I can't wait to use the
drooling emoji because all I see is the
question mark
oh and I think there's the orange heart
now so I could put orange and purple
hearts one of the sons win who I have to
install now enter your passcode
oh wait that's not it guys I'm so late
on this I don't even know like how many
updates on behind
oh my phone turned off and then I'm
gonna update all my apps you know in the
App Store when you have like a bunch ads
that you haven't updated it shows a
number I think I have like over 30 apps
that I haven't updated so I don't know I
just woke up this morning and I felt
like a new man so I decided to do this
and then I went to the gym and play
basketball and did my same old routine
so then I didn't feel like a new man
anymore okay guys so I'm sitting here
waiting for my phone to update look and
of course of course the Phoenix Suns
next game is against the Houston Rockets
and of course Chris Paul who has been
injured and out for like the last month
of course he's coming back against the
Suns looked of course of course why the
basketball gods hate me I don't know why
the basketball gods hate the Suns I do
not know now that I've read almost every
single Phoenix Suns article known to man
I switched over to new iphone emoji so I
can get myself
excited for what I'm waiting for okay
orange or where to go all right there
chinese-food okay not that this fool
let's see what I could annoy Jackie with
oh oh no I know what I could annoy
Jackie with a guitar that she looks like
this vampire Rock On Dude oh wait yeah I
look oh that's I love you in sign
language oh yeah the fingers is not like
this it's like this oh my gosh guys well
wait what the heck happened to my
messages
look it has an exclamation point I don't
know what that means but okay so I think
that's still the same
different okay what else all the
calculators different oh my gosh it
feels like I got a new phone
Oh time to see the emojis oh my gosh and
look at the bottom of text messages
since when was that here oh and I can go
on the MB what shut up stop stop no way
how come no one told me about that oh my
gosh oh my gosh both this is crazy
a phoenix suns won't forget the orange
heart forget the other emoji who won't
see the orange are actually Anthony's
gonna be like why are you sending me an
orange heart orange I love my new phone
wait I want to see that drooling one
where is it what the heck is this is
this me we get the nose that me okay but
really where's the drooling I always
wanna reply to people with the drooling
when I see them post pictures of food
okay I don't think I have the drooling
still what the heck I don't have the
drooling one my gosh I found it I found
it I was just being blind and I couldn't
see it was right here
oh my gut you won't believe this guys so
every time I take a snapshot I try to
make it look cool so I do a lot of
coloring it takes me 10 years to color
everything in now look at this you won't
believe it you go like this wait hey why
isn't it working now hold on okay I hold
on I swear I'm not lying look guys my
goodness look look you go like that and
then ah this is gonna save me 10 years
this is gonna save me years and years
and years oh maybe now I'm verified nope
still not verified I have almost 300,000
flowers on Twitter and I have almost 1
million followers on Instagram and I'm
not verified on either why do you guys
hate me what gives at Twitter at
Instagram oh my god I feel so cool now
because I tweeted out the you know son
sticker and I thought everybody
Patty and everyone's reply saying how'd
you get that I didn't know they had that
now I feel so cool I went from being the
only person on earth who hadn't updated
their phone and was 10 years behind on
the trends to now I have the Phoenix on
secret and now if I was asking me how to
get it oh how times have changed it's
like a little kid just opened his
favorite Christmas gifts I'm gonna be on
my phone for the next 10 years actually
I'm over it
Dennis do you have that emoji the sons
emoji freaking the only person on earth
who has one
I'm never updating my phone again just
in case the sons emoji goes away you got
I'm just joking I'm not the only person
on earth who has it but it just feels
cool to say that oh and I'm still not
verified okay let's test Apple music
maybe the phone is like now it has like
a new surround sound system hmm I don't
know I think it sounds a little bit the
same no I think the music is still the
same guys do you think Brian's gonna
kill me
he hasn't replied yet so let's keep
going and we won't stop and we can song
by Miley Cyrus goes Brian reply oh wait
they're not even delivered imagine Brian
blocked me because he knows once I
updated my phone that I would send him
this so he probably already blocked me
before I even got a chance to send it
look it's not saying delivered at the
bottom oh my gosh Brian copied me he
said what my phone was updating oh so
just as I updated my phone you want to
update your phone huh
all my life growing up all my life all
Brian did was copy me copy me but look I
lied to him so I kept sending him the
sons thing and then Brian said no way
how did you get the iPhone eggs I said
only I have in the world the sons emoji
and he said how TF don't worry about it
Brian I'm just joking guys you just need
the NBA app I feel like a new man after
this update let's go
okay now I have to hide because for sure
the guy behind me thought 100% he
thought I was flipping him off sir I
wasn't doing that I was just saying I'm
a new man okay guys so you know how I
said one of the biggest reasons I wanted
to update my phone what so I can use the
drooling emoji so I texted Anthony just
so I have a reason to use it I said wait
Anthony send me a picture of food well
first of all I sent him the sons emoji I
said wait send me a pic of food then
Anthony sends me a picture of his face I
don't know why but I finally got to use
the drooling emoji there it is Anthony
why would you send me that all right boy
you could have a five minute rental of
the new phone the sons one it only works
if it's in my hand
I'll let you rent it for five minutes
free of charge it's the iPhone Z Dennis
if you get on your phone I'll never talk
to you again guys I came to visit Dennis
at the car wash Dennis I was showing you
something let me see your phone
no Dennis how did you send me that okay
so now there's two people who have it in
the world okay did your five minute
rental the new iPhones II finished
free for you you know there's more to
happy let's make your mood three
five-minute rounds of the new iPhone Z
5-minute rental you could use it for
five minutes it has everything I phone
see why not are you ready no oh god the
gym we're playing some basketball you
know what friends get a little
competitive with each other and you know
they start trash-talking game okay you
can't beat me one-on-one let's play
one-on-one so me and Dennis ended up
playing one-on-one and there was a
little bit because you know what's so
fun about playing one-on-one if there's
no fit and what ended up happening there
was a close game but I ended up beating
Dennis we came up with a bit Dennis you
wanna so um what's gonna happen right
now since Dennis lost he is about to go
through the carwash Walled Lake all
right I think that was the bed the vet
was that now Dennis is gonna have to go
through the carwash
with this human body with no car with no
nothing he's just gonna walk through and
did you test it to see who's gonna hurt
we're just doing the other hand I heard
you mean carwash bro you should have got
football padding okay oh where are you
gonna put your body in neutral away
first we're gonna walk through the steps
don't turn it on when I walk in with my
camera
that is I don't think the Sox are gonna
protect you too much on the PRNDL you're
gonna have to go in neutral and turn it
down foot off the brake and hands off
your steering wheel
okay so first and is you're gonna have
to go through this and oh yeah they do
you know don't turn it on okay fine
test it on me oh wait where's the water
gonna be coming from everywhere like no
way and I feel really really bad and I
really I'm not comfortable with Dennis
doing this but you gotta teach people a
lesson you brought on yourself and
Dennis is about to attempt a human car
wash what are you sure you want to play
for a bear you sure okay so Chanel's
gonna be the host or the reference get
it wrong way Chanel do we have to wash
Dennis first wood like this no way what
is this he only paid for the basic he
didn't pay for the supreme this is what
happens when you challenge someone 1v1
in basketball and you lose Hey the car
is in neutral
I just realized at the end the blower's
gonna blow me away Dennis I feel bad bro
okay it's starting Oh Danny say your
last prayers your last wishes Dennis I'm
telling you I don't think the songs are
gonna help too much just convince me why
what is this
that means it's starting oh oh the
pre-soak
okay
oh no oh my goodness
no word
Danny wait the airs gonna blow me do not
in the ocean damn is that super soaker
looked like it hurt
you know what okay I got you the new
pair shoes we have two we'll go to the
mall no way tell me right how did that
water thing hurt in the middle I thought
all of your hair of your legs would have
came off I cut off Dennis you're really
going again
first he bought the basic now he bought
platinum the full thing this time oh
it's starting again oh no not the water
pressure in the middle again
look the water that's coming right now
oh my god
secon second
are you alive all the water is coming to
me
at least I'm considering enough to bring
Dennis a towel in case that drying thing
wasn't enough no way imagine that oh my
imagine if there wasn't that drying
thing at the end
I swear after that water pressure thing
in the middle I thought all your hair
would be freakin chopped off play
anything some fake but I've been his
number one fan since day one yeah my
number one fan is my cousin okay guys so
we're here picking up some new shoes for
Dennis after his last year I got
destroyed in the car wash and look at
these slip-resistant because I almost
slipped them busted my heavy slip
resistant safe step and look Dennis was
that Muniz in the machine that's what
you needed these are the shoes you
needed before you decided to go inside
again you want to go back and do it
again I think it's too late now baby you
don't even know what happened wait till
you see the video tomorrow do you want
to play one-on-one for a bit oh maybe
the phone has an improved camera no you
still look the same
but I never said it was bad guys I'm
vlogging with my phone right now cuz my
camera died after the car wash
oh wait speaking of playing basketball
me and Dennis we were wondering if you
guys wanted to see a 1v1 basketball game
where loser has to spin the wheel and on
the wheel we we're gonna have crazy
things like either a chat to or like ear
piercing like we're just gonna have to
think before I feel bad why'd you have
to make the bed now I feel like I'm a
bad person make you go through the car
wash do you honor your bets it's only
what time is it like 8 or 9 if you're
wondering I'm talking the video out
early because I got a new device that is
how addictive mine
yeah and this guy's playing his music
dude the more texting people random
emojis you don't do that I've texted
everyone one of my favorite numbers but
hey you know how fake people are people
who haven't talked to me in years bro
how'd you get that Phoenix Suns emoji
I'm like Bo I don't heard from you in
years and now you want to hit me up just
so they got the new iPhone Z the only
person in the world I'm just joking guys
anyways I don't know to close out
today's video I really hope you guys
enjoyed this dude right here human car
wash that's your new name the human car
wash I'm surprised you did I
H we hey um me and CA or Zoe w 8c w no
DS and the HD WD business what's the D
for the Menace Oh Dennis and okay guys
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed
dropping like if you did subscribe to
this channel if you're new other than
that Brandon here aka paratus I love you
guys all H CWD
out and I love you guys all too and one
last favor I have to ask for you guys is
I have noticed a lot of people have not
been getting my notifications so maybe
this is gonna help I'm not sure but if
you have my notifications on and
sometimes you don't get notified when I
upload please go to the Bell turn it off
and then turn it back on
maybe that will help please don't go
turn it off and then forget to turn it
back on just go turn it off turn it back
on and yeah guys I love you guys all
I can't
