yo guys I was playing basketball right
now super out of breath but I got a
missed FaceTime from Devin Booker so
we're about to hit him back up and see
what he wants if he answers we got mr.
famous over here the Lakers beat the
sun's bow it seems now that I think
about it Pope you've been cutting my
hair for a couple years now and we
haven't made the playoffs either year I
think any new barber is here I might try
something new
last time he knew no playoffs while I've
been getting cut by Paul it's all good
it was a good game Booker went off he
had no health once again okay guys time
for me to get my cut but I didn't get to
pick up some nails so Dennis can you
please pick one for me to let me see
okay not that one
what if I like it you're not gonna let
me see you just gonna eliminate it okay
fine go ahead and do you you're
embarrassing me Bowl all the barbers are
saying which one Paul close okay oh yeah
Paul by the way I was just joking about
different barbers
don't mess up my hair the cuts are too
clean to go to a different barber no no
we can't now turn green freak so
apparently only Dennis knows how to do
this thumbnail so he told me Brandon I
can't explain you how to do it I gotta
do myself so he tried to make me drive
while the light was red but right when
we open the door so we could switch then
it turned green
just our luck - right now me no way to
put this light turn then it's done okay
here I'll put the laptop in the middle
okay
oh my god it is get the laptop Bo you
see it so far back well we made the
right room switch room
what are you like a professional
thumbnail guy or what hold on you mean
to tell me that all you were doing is
just blur the text you think I couldn't
do that Dennis we went through all that
in the middle of the street just so you
could put blur a lot of footage footage
I thought you were gonna come out here
and show me some new feature I never had
on my laptop cool yeah buds dope okay
guys so I just got a text from my boy
Romel saying that they might need me to
play in their basketball game which is
right after our game so I'll be playing
two games today let's see if this stands
true
oh wait isn't he at work he's at work he
ignored me rahmel you think I'm gonna
play with you after you ignore my call
you really had the nerve to ask me to
play with you and then you ignore my
call well you know what guess what
you're damn right I'm gonna play with
you because I can't turn down
basketballs so I'll still play with you
so guys apparently ultramel message me
network he said I'm on the sales floor I
can't talk
alright Romel my bad I won't reply to
this hence professional yeah hey I won't
reply to the text I'll just say in the
vlog so he'll know what I'm saying
tomorrow when this video goes up my
bedroom ow sorry for the tags bro but I
had a question so are you sure you want
me to play with you guys tonight oh all
right yeah well I got you I'll play okay
I feel like I'm confusing you guys so
I'm playing my game obviously the normal
game with my team and then after that my
game ends at 7:45 and then the other
game starts at 7:50 so I'm playing in
two games right when my game ends at
7:45 I got a run over to the other court
and play the other game but I wasn't
going to turn down the opportunity
because I love basketball
Danny how am I supposed to help you
right now
I swear okay so can you please stop I
swear to God - so why are you even in
this position right now no dogs gonna
close on your face ah what happened
okay mr. popularity takes I see his hand
is stuck you careful both gonna close on
your name I don't know what to do to
help him he keeps telling me not to
touch anything so you got it out okay
what about your phone he's been like
this for 15 minutes guys get the phone
get the phone
get the phone my fault
yeah good what's your hit yo guys I'm
about to go get ready for my game I'm
playing two games tonight
back-to-back our game ends at 7:45 and
then five minutes later I got a sudo and
plant another game I'm not gonna be
recording the second game this video
would just be way too long with way too
much basketball footage if the team were
playing is actually really really good
and we won't last week so we're feeling
good about ourselves
we have three wins and three losses on
the season so we're doing okay but we're
trying to do better we're not a lock to
make the playoffs so we gotta win as
many games as we could now that seasons
ending to make sure we get to the
playoffs for you guys this is off topic
but I just wanted to mention it because
it's something that's very important to
me
I just want to thank all you guys for
all the support you're giving me on the
video that I uploaded yesterday the
video obviously being about my crazy
family member who has just been non-stop
threatening us and actually put his
hands on my brother and all that I just
want to thank you guys because my family
we were always a happy family before
YouTube but what makes us such a happy
family now it's a support we get from
you guys so I'm saying thank you on my
behalf and my family's behalf for all
your support in a tough situation that
my family is going through we're a
family member has just gone nuts and
gone crazy and it just makes us feel so
much better that we have the support of
so many people but I gotta clear my head
and go get ready to play a basketball
game I don't want to think about that I
want to go on the basketball court
especially when it's an important game
like today I don't want to have
the outside distraction so it sucks but
I just got to clear my mind for one hour
and play basketball and get this win for
my team I need to try my best and do my
best to not let this whole situation
bother me and just give everything I
have out there on the court and let's
see food you get this w guys this man
right here I say man becoming old now
it's his birthday
that's his dad Chris yo guys so we
actually just got to the basketball
court and I'm not gonna lie it's really
hard like all I'm thinking about is this
crazy uncle that's threatening my family
and I'm trying to push the distraction
out so I could just help my team win
this game and but it's tough but the
best basketball players they don't make
excuses and if something is going on in
their life like an outside distraction
they just tune it out when they get on
the basketball court they win the game
and they deal with it later
you need a stop
hey guys so there's eight minutes left
in the first half its 23 to 15
Hey
Hey
it's 33 to 23 with three minutes left in
the first
let's go back
walk it off they'd walk it off if you're
a man plays basketball you gotta massage
them every night
it's 41 to 33
block party guys just so you know in 57
to 46 with 12 minutes left in the second
it
next to to 262 six minutes left
let's go babe
66 to 66 way too many sixes on that
board
hey guys it's 68 to 66 three minutes
left
we need to stop
there we go let's go
you see guys I say that for a reason
got a plane next to where ha
where are you going you guys Brandon
really thinks I'm gonna run over there
who we got a show in this one you just
lost that last game I was pretty upset
you couldn't tell if you feel like we
should have won it but now I got a help
this yeah I don't even know how to my
ears right here but
we almost had that at the end okay guys
so while I was playing my game I got a
text from Booker saying to face on him
after my game so we're about a call
right now and see what's up so Hollywood
is facetiming me back whatever phone tag
or what I was playing a game and my boys
were like oh we need you for one more
game so I ended up playing two games I
took two L's I might come out to Phoenix
next week yeah but I'll let you know
what are you playing Cod or 2k what
procedure I use almost third four seeds
the game just came out so I keep doing
your thing but I'll let you know if I
come out if I do then I might just be
there for the night but we'll see all
right yeah I'll catch you soon yo guys
so we took a L I tried my best I know my
teammates tried their best but that team
we played against was just way too good
so hats off to them I dropped 27 points
I think that's the most points I've
scored this season 27 points but it
doesn't matter that was all a waste all
27 points were a waste because we lost
the game now that puts us at three wins
and four losses we got three games left
honestly if we want to make the playoffs
we got to win every single game that we
have left if we lose one more game we're
not making the playoffs oh we lost today
and like always every time we lose I
feel like it's my fault I don't care if
I drop 27 team it doesn't matter I'm not
gonna lie I was pretty upset I'm pretty
sure you guys could tell like at the end
of the game I was like kind of yelling
at myself and screaming at myself and
cussing at myself it's just because I
knew how big this game was like how
important this game was for our playoff
chances so I was just mad at myself when
we lost I wasn't yelling at my teammates
or at the other team or at the rest or
anything I was yelling at myself because
I feel like I could have played better
and that we actually could have won this
Romel hats off to him he had great
three-point shooting hats off to Ted I
think Ted scored like almost 20 points
and he was grabbing all the rebounds
playing defense blocking so hats off to
him
close game I hope you guys enjoyed it
because it was probably entertaining to
watch I just wish there was a different
outcome I'm sorry for disappointing you
guys with a loss I know you guys don't
like it when we lose that's my fault
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
drop a like if you did once again thank
you for all your support on my last
video I'm not gonna lie it was a little
tough to play it would like everything
going on but I don't care there's no
excuses yes subscribe to the channel if
you're new turn post notifications on
for new videos every single day
other than that Brandon aka broadens and
I'm now peace
