I really did not want to make this video
I swear to all you guys I never wanted
to make this video and put this out on
YouTube but it has gotten to the point
sadly this has gotten to a point where I
have to let people know what's going on
my name is Brandon aka waters and today
I'm bringing you guys a brand new video
about a situation that I never wanted
anybody to know about but it has just
gotten to the point where it's
ridiculous it's crazy and it's
unbelievable before I go into the whole
situation and the whole story I just
want everybody to know first and
foremost that I will not be using names
I have too much respect for my own
family and I just I don't want to throw
any names out there so I will not be
using names I will be reading text
messages but I will not be putting them
up on the screen because they contain a
lot of words and phrases that I don't
think should be shown on the screen I
can read them but it's just not right to
put them up on the screen and I don't
know just it's been going on for months
now man oh man is the fact that this is
family like there's my own blood it's
just crazy so let's go back in time a
couple months let's go back about two or
three months this is in September what a
lot of people don't know is that not
only do I give my immediate family money
but I have a lot of family members my
mom and dad you know both of our sides
we have really really big families so
what I do whenever I see a family member
in need I don't put this on camera I
don't make a video about it but I go and
I help people and I give them money and
so last month when I sold my apparel I
sold my merch I decided that I didn't
want to keep the money I made from the
merch again I didn't make a video on
this but I'm telling you guys right now
so all the money that I made from that
merch I went out and I gave it to my mom
my dad my aunt my uncle's my grandma and
I gave it to my family some of them were
in need they needed it they were
struggling with money so I did that now
there were some family members that
obviously I didn't give money to because
it obviously we have a huge family we
have some family members that
not really close to some family members
who you know don't even care about us
blah blah blah so there's this one
certain family member he's my uncle okay
and please don't I know you guys you
know you're gonna try to go back and
look at all the videos and try to find
out who's person is but to save you some
time this person has never been in any
of mine or Brian's videos for the simple
fact that he is crazy and this story
that you're about to hear will prove how
crazy he is and then it'll make sense
why he's never been in any of mine or my
brother's videos so just to keep it
short simple he's related he is blood he
is my blood uncle I gave a lot of people
money when I sold my merch and you know
family being family word got around to
everybody else and somehow word got to
this crazy uncle that I gave people
money and I guess it upset him heavily
that I didn't give him money now here to
get into why I didn't give him money
like I said there's a lot of family
members who I didn't give money to
because first of all the people that I
give money to are either people who are
struggling or people who impact in my
life throwing up people who are always
there for me when I was growing up you
know as a kid or as a teenager and I
never got to repay them but now that I'm
in a position where I could I choose to
repay them and I help them out this
specific person my crazy uncle he was
okay first of all he doesn't need the
money
second he was necked like he was never
really there from any he's just crazy
like bottom line is I didn't give him
money and he so he found out and so I
get a text from him saying hey man I
heard you gave everybody money why
didn't you give me any money and I'm
sitting there like yo this is like it's
rude like I'm his freakin nephew and
he's he hasn't talked to me in so long
but all of a sudden he found out that I
gave people money so he's hitting me up
and so I told my mom I called I said mom
you know should I give him money or
should I just ignore him she said I
think you should just ignore it you know
you know how your uncle is so just just
leave it alone okay
now here's where things turn for the
worse or I guess things get ridiculously
crazy and let me just say this right now
you guys might not believe what I'm
saying or this might sound ridiculous
and I don't blame you but that's because
this person is crazy so after you 70
text asking for money and you know I
didn't reply because my mom told me not
to and I'm a mama's boy I listen to what
my mom says and so my brother who was
getting a car wash you know one of my
family members owns a car wash so my
brother went to go get a car wash and
this crazy uncle I guess somehow he
found out that my brother was at the car
wash
I don't know how he found out but he
found out so he went over he drove there
and he pulled up okay like I said my
crazy uncle he thought my brother was
mean this is my blood uncle related to
us and he doesn't even know who me or
brought like okay whatever so he thought
Brian with me he went up to him and he
started asking him for money and Brian
obviously did had no idea was going on
because I don't tell like when I give
people my name to my family I don't tell
like my brother I don't tell my cousins
or anything I don't feel like I need to
brag about giving money so Brian had no
idea what he was saying you know he
wanted to Brian hey why'd you give money
to this person and that person give me
money and Brian's like what the heck I
didn't get money in then so my uncle
thought he was lying because again he
thought it was me and so then he grabs
Brian by the shirt I'm not I wasn't
there I was at home he grabs Brian by
the shirt and people start holding them
back and they get into a shouting match
and people break it up and then I guess
my crazy uncle put his hands around
Brian's neck I wasn't if I was there all
the way freaking I would've blew like
don't touch my brother that's my brother
so after that whole thing happened
people had to break it up and this is
not a family car loss like that's so
embarrassing like you go and you're 40
years old you're asking for money from
my younger brother in front of a family
and then you like choke it in front of
family it's crazy
so then Brian calls me after that whole
thing happened he's like Brandon I'm
coming over right now like we need to
talk so Brian comes to my house and he
told me what happened and obviously I
got pissed I got freaking pissed like
I'm sitting here at home not knowing
anything is going on you know I'm just
sitting back relaxingg and I get
walking here saying that my crazy uncle
tried to choke in and started cutting I
haven't everything so me I guess I just
lost my cool because it's like that's my
brother I love my brother and he's my
younger brother so I called my uncle on
like he answered and I'm not gonna lie I
like I went off on him I'm like don't
ever touch my brother if you ever touch
my brother you're gonna have to deal
with me like don't ever put your hands
on my brother don't talk to him like
like I just went off and then my crazy
uncle like he's freaking went crazy I'm
not gonna repeat what he said so let's
just leave it at he went crazy and I
pretty much told him don't ever touch my
brother don't talk to my brother don't
ever look at my brother or we're gonna
have problems then guys I get a long
long text okay after the phone call so
the phone call ended and long texts from
this guy like I said I can't show the
messages on the screen because it will
be bad but let me read it to you hey
Brandon this message is for you and your
brother you said you are not afraid of
me today from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. I will
drive in a parking lot
if you ain't my little and you don't
want to be treated like a little bee
there at the parking lot if you're
shaking it's okay but here's what I want
from you don't stare at me don't Maddog
me don't talk to me don't talk about me
that goes for you and your brother so
you know I'm like what the heck like
this is my uncle all because I didn't
give him money like I was in shock I was
like we were never on bad turn
yes sure I wasn't super close to him he
wasn't close to me and we didn't really
talk but we were never on bad turns and
so you know I called my mom and I'm like
yo mom like we want me to talk to him
but something's gotta happen because you
know I don't get this and my moms like
just ignore him you know you know how he
is just ignore and leave it alone so
look at me I never thought I ignored it
I get another message that same day one
hour later ask your mom what is her
gnash I have one when he hears your
voice it tries to come out so be careful
it's a Nash and it's not a joke
meet me behind
the parking lot I will pass by between
the hours of 8:00 to 10:00 unless you
accept being a little girl listen I
don't know what her Nash is and neither
does my mom but listen to this and tell
me what it sounds like ask your mom what
is next I have one when it hears your
voice it tries to come out so be careful
it's a ha - and it's not a joke
you guys tell me but I don't know it
sounds kind of like a gun ask your mom
what is my gun I have one when he hears
your voice he tries to come out so be
careful it's a gun and not a joke
it could be talking about something else
but it sounds really really like a gun
and so I'm sitting there like yo this
guy tries to choke out my brother he
drags to meet me out of parking lot from
8:00 to 10:00 p.m. and then he threatens
me with a gun all cuz I didn't give him
money mind you I'm not even replying I'm
not replying to these texts he then
sends another text if you're lucky
you'll get to meet Nash again I don't
know what this is and I've looked it up
I've asked my mom I've asked family
members that speak our language it is
not a word in our language ok
I never plot my mom told me not to reply
I get another message at 10 p.m. this is
all the same day the day of the car wash
guys this one is at 10 p.m. hey girl I
am in your apartment by the horses come
down right now and so I'm sitting there
like yo I'm going like I've had enough
this dude keeps like threatening me and
telling me to come out and now he's in
my apartments like I live with my girl I
live with Jack you don't come to my
house like that and what he means by the
horse is it's cuz we have horses in
front of our apartment and so again I
called my mom I said mom I'm sorry like
I love you and I know you keep telling
to ignore him because he's crazy but
I've had enough but he came all the way
to my apartment I'm going out right now
and she's like no please don't
you're scaring me like blah blah blah so
I you know me I love my mom I respect
her so I didn't go out I left him like a
dog I left him down wherever by the
horses I don't know so whatever he
didn't message me anymore that night I
like to sleep I'm guessing he went to
sleep so it was done no reply from me
and I
anything the next day I get a message
again and it says if I hit you in your
mouth with my vein how many teeth would
you have left
I didn't reply then he says talk to your
mom there's a way to avoid this hmm I
don't know what it sure sounds like a
threat multiple threats
okay whatever I never reply to that
either my mom kept telling me don't
reply don't reply don't reply and I
wanted to go freak and see him so bad
especially after you choke my brother
but my mom I respect on I love and she
kept saying not reply okay the next day
I get a text again this time at 5:00 in
the morning guys 5:00 din the morning I
was on his mind I get a text hey girl
he keeps calling me girl like an insult
after I'm finished with you and the
little cockroach he's talking about
Brian by the way he said after I'm
finished with you and the little
cockroach I will harass your dad because
you raised you this way
so at this point this this like pissed
me off
I'm not gonna like so mess with me I
don't care I'm 22 years old I'm Brandon
I'll handle it I don't care
mess with my brother we got a problem
but you threatened my dad and I'm losing
it like I don't care
that'd piss me off so I called my mom
rides away I said mom either I'm going
and handling this myself or I'm calling
the cops and you know I didn't want to
call the cops I just want to go handle
myself but I was so mad at that point
that I knew if I went and saw him things
would get really ugly like I would be
the one who would end up getting in
legal trouble and things like that so I
calmed myself down and I told my mom
like you know what I'm gonna call the
cops and my mom is begging me Brandon
this is family this is blood I know you
want to call the cops and I know there's
all these threads about a gun and
harassing your dad and all this but
please don't call the cops
it's family imagine what our family will
go through if he goes to jail blah blah
blah and so I understand I respect my
mom if this was any other random person
how to call the cops
but the fact that he's blood and he's
family and he's related to us directly I
second-guess myself I said you know what
I won't call the cops for respect for my
mother and my family I will
I'll call the cops but then obviously I
call my dad I said dad you know watch
out let me know if anything happens and
I'll be there like that so then again
all these guys I'm ignoring it I haven't
replied one time that takes with that
5:00 in the morning I get another text
the same day at 2:00 p.m. you and your
brothers show me some respect
come see me don't let me catch you and
okay again I never replied I love my mom
so I'm not gonna get into it okay so
there was that that's it it was done my
mom told me to keep ignoring it some of
my cousins who have had problems with
him before they've had problems with
this crazy uncle before called me and
said yo your mom told me what's going on
trust me just ignore it he wanted to
reply he wants you to go try to hit him
so he get press charges you know he
knows you have money and he wants you to
hit him so he could press charges don't
do it and I told him okay cousin I won't
do and I told my mom I won't call the
cops I have respect so I just kept
ignoring him and I was hoping he
wouldn't do anything to my dad because
then I would've lost him
that was in late September after I kept
ignoring him I got no text from him no
calls no nothing
he completely left me alone and you know
I saw my mom like I've seen her
obviously a million times throughout
this whole thing and I told her mom good
thing you told me to ignore it you know
he's done I think it was just a phase or
maybe he was just mad that you know I
didn't give him money and I was happy
with myself I didn't call the cops
because despite all the threats that he
did and he never apologized or anything
I still found it in my heart like you
know what this is family this is blood
and I don't need to do that and I'm
happy that I didn't go out when he came
to my apartment because then it would
have got worse and worse and worse so I
was just happy with how things ended
just ignore and it was over at least
that's what I thought that is what I
thought and by the way if you're
wondering why we never made a video on
this it's the same reason why I never
put my hands on him it's because respect
I never I know family watching my videos
and I know everybody would know who I'm
talking about just like they do now so
if you're watching this family hi
now you know that your uncle who you
thought was already crazy you know that
is even more crazy and it's crazy what
money does to people it's just
it's a bad look for my family but like I
said I've gotten to that point and
here's what so those messages ended in
September I stopped getting any messages
I stopped getting any calls I thought it
was over and I even found it in my heart
that if I saw him somewhere and we ran
into each other you know I would just be
like hi how are you and that I would be
civil about it then comes Halloween
night just two weeks ago so at all these
tags and messages and when he choked my
brother that was in September so one
full month passed by and I guess you are
still thinking about it so on Halloween
night you will not believe this he went
to one of my cousin's houses that Brian
was at Brian was spending Halloween with
one of my cousins this guy the crazy
uncle I guess was dressed up as jason
voorhees he had a Jason Voorhees mask
and the costume and everything except he
didn't have the costume machete listen
to this he had a real-life machete a
sharp real machete on Halloween where
there's little kids around
trick-or-treating and so he goes to this
family members house because I don't
know once again he knew Brian was there
I don't know if he freaking had a chip
inside of Brian oh well I don't know how
he knows where Brian is so he goes up to
Brian with his mask Brian said he never
took it off and he picks Brian up by the
shirt and holds the machete up and he
tells him where's your brother where's
Brandon and Brian said I don't know and
he said tell Brandon I will be looking
for him tonight and if I find him it's
not good tell him I have a sharpened
machete and this is real and he like
pointed out Brian I don't know this
crazy uncle thought Halloween night was
like purge night and crime was legal or
what but on Halloween night I didn't
even go out I was watching the son's
game just relaxing it had been a full
month since he ever texted me or called
or anything so I wasn't even thinking
about it then I get a call not just from
Brian I get a call from Brian I get a
call from some of my cousins I get a
call from some of my uncles and aunts
and I'm like you know what is going on
so I answered they told me what happened
and I said wait he's looking for me what
did I do now I'm freaking I'm just
sitting here watching the Sun come
costume I never replied to any of his
tags and he hasn't texted me I was so
confused and so I called my mom I said
you know what if he's looking for me I'm
going out I'm gonna find him he's not if
I mean I'm gonna find him and my mom
again you know she got super upset
Brandon please no just let it go just
ignore it
and at this point I'm like mom how much
can I ignore its God to the point where
you looking for me with a machete like
if you don't let me look for him then
you're gonna have to make me call the
cops and I don't want to call the cops
I'd rather Gandil it myself and so you
know that got to me I don't want to put
a family member in jail that would be
crazy so I decided to be the bigger
person and I didn't I didn't text him I
didn't call him nothing I just let him
look for me like a dog on Halloween
night he never found me because I was
obviously in my apartment watching my
son's game and uh there's that after
Halloween
that's obviously October 31st he never
talked to me until November fail so five
days later he freakin messages me again
saying hey are you going to give me
money or not
I never replied I didn't even tell my
mom to sign because I'm sure she's sick
and tired of hearing it oh and my dues
between October 31st to November 5th
so in those five days he kept going to a
car wash to see if I was there because
sometimes I spend my free time at the
car wash and I just see my family there
I spend time with them so people who
worked out the car told me that he kept
going they're looking for me you
wouldn't even wash his car he would just
wait there and wait there all of these
because of money like this makes no
sense so then I got a text like I said
November fit hey I'm gonna help me out
with money or no then he goes this made
me laugh this freakin made me laugh
hey if you want I can get you on a
payment plan okay thank you crazy uncle
you're nice enough that you're not
asking for all the money up front I'm so
humbled and I'm so grateful to have a
uncle like you where you're letting me
be on a payment plan so I can pay you
monthly get the out of here no one
doing no payment plan with you the fact
that he offered it like he was doing
something nice is crazy okay then I
didn't reply of course I haven't replied
one time not once
he then message to me one hour later
this is where he got mad he said if you
don't pay me I will make you sit on a
horse's after all that you and your
brother started this is the last talk I
will have with you and I'm sitting there
like wait what do me and my brothers saw
first of all poor Brian he didn't even
do anything and me I guess whoa
curse me I gave money to some family
members in need
I gave thousands and thousands of
dollars to some family members who were
there for me when I was a kid and they
are in need now and so I'm paying them
back and I think if money to some crazy
uncle who was never there for me as a
kid he doesn't need money and look how
crazy here o hurts me I think in money
to him so then I ignore that one and
then I got a message in a group chat
this is to me and Brian and he takes us
listen to what he says hey girl
by now I think you've talked to your mom
I'm going to give you till next Sunday
to attend the meeting with me I don't
know what freakin meetings talking about
that's just I don't know then he goes
after Sunday if I don't hear from you
I'm going to plan how to make your life
hell then he goes but I'm asking you not
to show me your face before the meeting
if I lay my eyes on you before the
meeting I will break one bone in your
body
hmm another threat once again so they
call the cops I got too much respect and
I got too much love for my family that I
wouldn't put one of them in jail okay I
never applied that by the way those
texts were at 2:00 in the morning
2:00 a.m. when I'm sleeping next to
Jackie then I get more text at 5:00 a.m.
I'm still asleep I don't know what he's
doing the wake at these times and why
I'm on his mind almost two months after
like I don't know
he goes hey girl what's wrong how come
you're not texting back oh let me guess
you want to show this to the police and
play games if you do that you are dead
nice so he just threatened to kill me
over text and mentioned if you show this
to the police you are dead
how dumb
and you be to set yourself up like that
hey crazy awful because I know you're
watching this you're so lucky that I
didn't decide to call the cops because
you set yourself up how dumb can you be
I don't understand oh wait is that you
are dead he said you and your family are
dead you and your family so he
threatened me and my whole family so
that's what's making me make this video
that is the final line that I will not
let pass I've had enough this is
ridiculous this is what money does to
somebody this dude my crazy uncle didn't
have a single word to say to me for
years and years and years but the second
he found out that I gave some family
members money he just like this is
disgusting it's ridiculous it's gross
and it's crazy what money can do to
someone is money really that important
like mom I'm so so sorry that I made
this video I know you never wanted me to
make this public and I know you didn't
want me to call the cops I know you
didn't want me to you know go out and
meet up with him myself and I respect
you mom I love you that's why I did go
out and meet with him when he was at my
apartment but I'm making this video
because the lot is my family you guys
deserve to know why if I'm acting a
certain way or like if I'm stressed out
this is why and and again it's not me I
don't care he could threaten me a
million times and I don't care but don't
ever put your hands on my brother and
don't ever threaten my dad those are two
things you don't do and you did both of
those things so that's why I'm like
pissed off if you were just talking to
me guys listen to this
all right the reason I haven't blocked
him over Texas cuz I laughed he sends me
these things I laugh i speech off that
my cell phone to Brian I go look at this
guy I laugh but don't ever threaten my
dad and don't ever put your hands on my
brother
it's just crazy I'm in shock this is the
same uncle who I used to see when I was
a kid and like we always thought it was
a little crazy but at this point is just
ridiculous and once again this video was
never supposed to come out but at the
same time when is enough enough like
it's just gone to the point where I have
to share over the world and I have to
share it with you guys like you guys are
my family
you guys deserve to know everything
that's going on in my life and I'm mad
that I had to hide it for this long and
it was all for my mom of course I
understand where she's coming from and I
hope you guys do too so don't leave my
mom any hay like oh why don't you let
him make a video of this you gotta
understand where she's coming from all
my family watches my videos and this is
blood it's his family so they would know
what I'm talking about and so my mom
didn't want to put all my family in a
weird situation and all that so mom I'm
sorry I never wanted to make this but
like at this point it's just gone
overboard he's threatening to kill me
and my family cuz I didn't give him
money
he's kin to my apartment he texts me and
calls me almost every day from 2:00 a.m.
3:00 in the morning 4:00 in the morning
5:00 in the morning it's not right this
guy's crazy he's frickin crazy again I'm
not gonna call the cops
a lot of people are gonna think I'm
crazy a lot of people are gonna think
I'm stupid because this dude deserves to
be in jail or at least some freaking
insane asylum but I always tell myself
you know family is forever I love my
family
and it just sucks that money can make
somebody do this it's ridiculous it's
like someone's 40 years old and like
they haven't grown out of like I don't
know so guys I hope this is like a
valuable lesson that money can really
change people and I'm so happy that like
it didn't affect me or my parents or my
brothers like sure my brother goes down
and buy the expensive clothes I bought a
nice car or we bought my parents a nice
house that's cool
but what I mean by money can frickin
change people is this look at like what
he was saying and what he was doing and
threatening and I'm gonna harass your
dad and bring out my hen ass my gun
whatever like in the times I was text me
and call me we're just so weird like why
are you awake thinking about me at that
time well go to sleep you're 40 years
old you have a family threaten me all
you want
push buttons with me all you want spit
at my face all you want
I'll handle that myself but don't ever
come out my brother don't ever come at
my dad and don't everything about coming
at my mom all the ignoring it didn't
work all my cousins were
his crazy self my mom my dad everybody
telling me to ignore him I tried I
didn't want to make this video I didn't
reply to one single tech I still haven't
replied to one single text it just
didn't work he keeps bugging and bugging
and bugging and I just had to make this
video guys so my family is currently
being threatened over some money
threatened to get killed
I guess he's being crazy like this ever
since I don't know thank you guys so
much for watching this video
Brandon here aka paratus and I'm out
peace and guys like what's crazy to me
is the fact after he choked my brother
and after he texted me all these threads
and they and even threatened to harass
my dad before Halloween and before you
know threatening to kill me and my
family I even told myself and I told my
mom fine I'll put it past us I cooled
down and I told my mom if I ever saw him
we'll ran into him I wouldn't do
anything I would calmly say hi bye and
that's it but then after Halloween he
comes looking for me with a freaking
machete and picks my brother up by the
shirt and like and then he texts me two
days ago saying that he's gonna kill me
and my family and talking about some
meeting and he's gonna break bones in my
body that's when I hadn't know I swear
to you guys after the first set of
harassment and threats and everything I
was gonna put it past me and I was gonna
say he's family's blood and I won't do
anything but after this past thing no
that's that's way too much
