make faces
okay I learned something from Bryant but
I'm I learned about him what and today I
bring you guys a brand new video
right now I'm with the two most
beautiful womans I know and so for
today's video
who knows Brandon aka but what is better
is it going to be the girl that I've
spent almost every second of my life
with the past two years or is it going
to be the woman who literally pulled me
out to this earth my mom I'm ready
who do you think is gonna win oh hey
hello no question you know why only
because then was very competitive with
me so I know we'll see they do say a
mother always has a little advantage but
girlfriends sometimes could they come
out of nowhere you know a surprise win
this is a Pilates video not a regular
video so you know we have to spice it up
shaving cream so every question that
they get wrong either pop or I didn't
explain for every question mom I gave
you options raw or shaving creases and
guys that you notice there's no towels
or now is there anything that's because
when we put the shaving cream on you
must leave it on til the end of the
video the shaving cream does not come
off till the end of the video without
further ado guys I'm excited to do this
I hope they're excited and we are going
to start you know why I'm scared now
yes sir where did you get these I didn't
get that my dad you know from the room
hey be prepared for something's gonna
happen to our faces because there are 99
cents well no I
I was better than you guys biggest
concern right now should it be wit shape
it should be trying to get all these
questions right question number one what
is Brandon's favorite artist like I knew
but I didn't know his name
so she's like the Chargers hand in the
game complaint I'm the host and of
course I love window getting dirty first
okay babe I'll do it softens the first
question but they do get harder that's
questions that's fine just you can live
with your figure but no napkins or towel
okay so pad
yeah you gotta hit the table before my
youtube name was broadest what was my
youtube name mom boom Brandon NBA nope
wrong it was for a wise NBA nope wrong
wasn't for what his blogs nope wrong
what is Brandon Brandon amatus right
when I first started youtube I didn't
know how to make a username so it's just
Brandon I wanted just my first and last
mother's
yeah you don't want to remind me that
all the times you need me when I was a
kid okay
that's a worse Center all the time shoe
came off in the store all the time the
hangar came out I was in my room pulling
my ears next question it's one to one
right now okay before there was Eric
Bledsoe before there was Devin Booker
and going drugs let's dig match
I still have yeah wait till the question
is done I know that's one part of the
game you gotta be patient and then you
get the table when the questions already
gasping okay
two to one my mom is winning okay this
one can go both ways after every sub
game specifically what they lose cuz
there's a lot of yelling haha what do I
need to soothe my tea and lemon tea with
honey lemon yeah honey lemon and tea
that's right so my mom and she said she
and honey but that one she had so close
to the right three - oh God
- two - this is a close one okay here
this one might be a tough one
before I had cause leave my mom did not
let me get a dog so I had a bird
what was the bird's name wait first of
all you guys never same time so let's
just say Jack you gotta first that
question that answer is wrong it is not
T&T making yourselves your own great
she's giving you answers you're getting
your answers come on my Birds name was
boss because I wanted a pug and I wanted
to name him Bosley but my mom didn't let
me so I said you know what I'm gonna get
a bird and I'm gonna name him Bosley
then when my mom finally let me get a
pug
I had a talk with the bird and I said
y'all listen I gotta change your name
because Bubba and I changed his name to
Kent but his name was originally Bosley
so this is fun when you're not
contesting the game get out of mine
listen halfway through the game five
questions it is three to two the
girlfriend has to lead over the birth
mother okay this one's easy to get ready
to slap the table book okay you know I
would punish me if you guys thought the
table before the question is done okay
what is my favorite thing to wear Jackie
yes mom come on it's not I'm getting
them wrong I'm getting them slow okay
piece of your hair is the plate so this
is shade of green plus hair I feel so
bad doing this to both of them so my mom
just called her first time out we got
out of pep talk mom are you down for two
- hey you have to be fair to both of
listen if you were losing I gave you mom
she's beating you these and bears oh my
I don't suggest you open your eye but
come on now major
back mom pretend this is fourth-quarter
get that Devin Booker jeans next
question
oh my mom wouldn't show this one so in
high school I was never bad kid I never
got in trouble never failed a class but
there was one time where I actually got
suspended so I will answer that question
and then we will pop Jackie so I got
suspended in high school because I was
at home watching the Sun game and one of
my friends or not really my friends but
somebody that I knew from school started
talking about the Sun and so I got mad
and I threatened to beat him up I was a
little kid little skinny scrawny boy and
I tried to beat him up and he screenshot
the messages and show them to the
principal I still have the thing I got
suspended for a cyber bully because I
made a threat over the Internet I you
know what I told the principal I'm up in
the office I said please look at me I'm
not gonna do anything
I was literally done I was like 5 feet 2
inches tall I weighed like a hundred
pounds and so 30 to 40 you're lucky she
did that so now you got it we can do it
faster again okay four points three
points we are getting close to the end
okay this one what are four things that
I can't live without in my life mom
basketball uh-huh you two hold on Bosley
hold on oh you don't want to keep going
cuz you might give an answer so it was
wrong at YouTube I love doing YouTube
but at the end of the day it's a job so
for things I can't live without babe go
yes I'll let you give me a kiss to wipe
it off huh give me what could give me a
kiss or anything I can see what you are
obviously basketball so your friends
your family your friends okay mom
inspiring back to you okay yes you're a
girlfriend yes you're family yes yeah
so obviously guys for things I can't
live without basketball so I need you
can live without friends Jack hey my mom
and dad and Brian my family and Bosley
those are boiling I can't live without
look my mom mentioned YouTube don't get
me wrong I love love love doing YouTube
but that's why I mentioned it yes I know
that's something but it's my job so
you're like I won't die whatever guys
now they're gonna be hating in the
comment Oh Britta doesn't like me
whatever I don't care
leave your hate comments down below cuz
I love it okay yeah okay okay
how much mr. speaker how many jobs did I
have before starting YouTube hey mom
come on you choke down okay so that is
false
Jack me yeah Jack you got the point okay
listen guys this is getting close so
right now it's five to four Jackie is
winning Wow
how she winning cuz you got that one no
so right now hey Jackie gets this
question right she wins the game the
10th question but if she gets it wrong
it becomes five to five and there's one
time I was going to say that people
they're gonna say how come you didn't
put it in this I don't care what hey
there
but in the agency I know I know I know
sorry sorry - what and us me about the
fancy won't like a little past I
wouldn't see her open her bed you don't
want to open your eyes trust me Oh big
ride to be all night okay
well it's only my favorite
okay so since I know my mom she didn't
answer that's the truth
okay I could be one animal which animal
would I be and what kind of animal would
I be because I okay okay yeah yeah okay
thank you so much for watching today's
video I give it up to my mom a mother
knows
oh please it's so funny
yeah babe we need to clean you come here
babe yeah kiss kiss ah oh you guys saw
the behind-the-scenes of the lighting
yeah babe hold on we need to get babe oh
my gosh no I think it's cuz my mom's
face is longer that's why it looks less
and your face is more round like a
basketball so it looks more why do you
think I'm dating Jackie because their
head reminds me of a basketball so I'm
always reminded of a basketball even if
I'm not at the gym even when were just
at a day eating dinner and then I look
at my basketball baby you're the one who
says your head looks like a basketball
anyways I just want to dribble your head
and shoot it so cute
what okay fine guys let me turn the
camera off because I need to clean her
face she might hit the door no okay wait
anything she's gone to the wall okay
for Mom because every slippered okay
that's why she can't walk okay okay if
you weren't wearing the slippers would
be easier but turn it left turn left
about five feet thank you going straight
and you're not almost no no no I don't
there no the light is on
you know what wipe it first Brandon for
her wipe it with a paper towel first no
yeah I just got the message from my mom
how dare they they oh I didn't know you
were here but how dare you guys while
I'm filming a video come play basketball
about me Brian when I heard the
basketball dribble outside I'm like okay
we need to end this video I'm all the
way up I'm bringing a bottle of shaving
cream for each of you guys for playing
without me
