okay guys so to most people you know
just walking into the gym but to me this
is like my home it feels like I'm
walking into my house that's how good I
feel when I walk into the basketball
court oh and Dennis is on his way and
it's short than I got his shirt so he'll
be here soon
and we're about to play some basketball
you forced me so I'm sure you forced him
go of it
that was for me huh
this Kananga listen
guys I just noticed my shoes untied I
played a whole game of 21 with my shoe
untied and I didn't notice and I won
yeah let's playing like that the whole
time I swear here no I lost you lost
because my shoe was untied yeah
if you guys lose that's because of you
you guys have feel like people think
that means you're Dennis it's not for
serious
you guys I had to ask for you Rick
because mom who named baby after you
baby summer looks so good of course
she'd take after me
so my mom has a fanpage the girl who
runs the fanpage actually just had a
baby and she named is sana that's my
mom's real name so congratulations on
the baby and that's crazy that you
actually named after my mom so that
shows big-time support thank you so much
you everything that I come to the house
just to use the best one who cuz I don't
have a hoop a little bit longer so it's
not - my mom was still super happy that
the baby was named after her so we were
looking at more pictures and it turns
out the baby's full name is sana
Jacqueline and she tagged my mom and
Jackie so the baby's actually named
first name after my mom and middle name
or second name after Jackie so the
baby's beautiful well me baby sana one
day okay guys so we were watching the
son's game right then I see that Brian
my brother posted a snapchat and it
looked you know when you see the small
circle preview it looked like the son's
game so I like oh what the heck but I
was watching some games so I click it
and Brian snapchat here let me show you
he had the nerve my brother my blood
brother had the nerve to put this on his
story and look what God did to him for
him saying that he had the nerve
hopefully the sons lose at grow bodies
and I'm looking at that snapchat like
Brian are you kidding me and the
freaking Phoenix on ended up winning
that game so Brian in your face you
don't have to throw some shade back at
Brian the Phoenix Suns ended up beating
a really good team the Minnesota
Timberwolves look let me get it
really quick Devin Booker 35 points nine
rebounds six assists oh and for all you
haters that hate on D book out there let
me tell you something that's gonna make
you shut up okay so everyone says oh
well Devin Booker can only score he
doesn't do anything else nine rebounds
okay but he doesn't pass six assists
okay but he always scores inefficiently
13 for 22 from the field
that's almost 60% oh okay and then
there's one you haters run out of things
to say um but he doesn't play defense
well guess what he was guarding all star
Jimmy Butler the whole game and he held
Jimmy Butler five for 17 from the field
that's 30% so all you haters could shut
the up about Devin Booker 35 points nine
rebounds six assists and the W and he
played great defense I'm Jimmy Butler so
say what you want about that shout-out
to TJ Warren also 35 points TJ buckets
Phoenix Suns win Brian you had something
to say you had something to say Brian
exactly can I just say why I love when
jr. sleeps at my house so jr. spent the
night last night and you know I'm
expecting us to come and you know watch
some TV maybe play a board game or
something go to sleep instead jr. walks
in he walks straight to this cabinet
over here you know picks and chooses he
then walks over to this captain over
here eats ice cream sandwich he then
walks over to this fridge over here eats
Jackie's apple slices he then walks over
back to this cabinet maybe some fruit
snacks to top it off I wake up and I see
Jimmy with like the blanket that he was
sleeping on and he's walking it over
into a dirty laundry basket and he's
like open and last night when I came to
get me a Gatorade in the middle of the
night I accidentally spilled it on the
thing I said Jerry just put it we'll
wash it so that's why I love with jr.
sleeps over
the best part about going out with your
family is that you'll never texture good
feel mobster VIP twenty bucks
oh my goodness
you won't believe what's happening right
now Dennis don't go waiting what Dennis
don't go far bro stay close so wait I
rolled my window down after the car wash
no look guys there's space in front of
me to go at the light but I can't leave
Dennis because yeah throw them throw
them so that Dennis let's see your aim
hold on hold on don't make us a few
minutes okay
hold on guys okay go throw them throw
them don't miss I get it okay no let me
get it guys were middle sorry guy yes I
got my keys freak I roll my window down
yes now I can drive in peace so anyways
what had happened no look at my window
after the car wash it's all wet marks
but anyways oh shit my car turned off
for those who don't know Dennis works at
a car wash right so me and Dennis worked
on my car washed Dennis had my keys in
his pocket because he had to back up the
car i freak unless the car wash and
Dennis left right behind me so our cars
were close to each other and Dennis goes
Brandon
do not drive fast or go away from me
because I have your keys for those who
don't know my car's push-to-start so
that means it can only run if the keys
aren't close to it the keys have to be
within like a certain range of the car
or else it'll stop so I told Dennis I
said bro how did my car even start
because I was parked next to him at the
car wash so I started it because the
keys were really close in his pockets so
then the whole time we were driving up
until that red light I had to drive
right next to Dennis super close to him
and then now I got my keys so I could
drive in peace yo guys we clean the cut
bow Dennis it looks beautiful and all no
let's see if there's water marks on the
window it's not too bad Bo when I water
from there I don't know but when I
opened I started freaking out
then it's thank God you threw the keys
to me because how many times did I lose
you all the way like we kept losing each
other if I didn't have the keys from
Dennis let's bro what would have happen
with my car have stopped I think you're
gonna complete stop it will turn off I
don't think like you're driving yeah
yeah if you stop completely the car will
stop at first when you told me you have
my keys I didn't believe you come I knew
how I was going like I heard keys check
like this I feel your keys in my oh
that's my uncle horn did you put the
cars oh I didn't know why you were
honking the horns wine
okay well Dennis I didn't believe you
you know why cuz I'm like my car started
I'm driving but then I remembered when I
started my car you were right next to me
when we left the car walk would you do
when you said it I was like bro do not
look for ya I look for my keys and then
I was like boat do not leave me
yeah oh my gosh that was crazy guys and
then of course you miss you put your car
in park you came this close guys like oh
we're doing for a thumbnail so I'm turn
my emergency lights on there's a car
wait then it's where are you gonna go
from
we go now now I can't see you too much
okay
it's hard to focus
hurry up real go they can pass us
sorry
sorry Wakeley that cars coming that cars
coming beau Dennis I think bells for
sure the most dangerous stunt I've ever
took taken so scared in that cars coming
within jakie was like this yeah we were
like okay let's do it quick ten seconds
and then you got Dennis over your roads
now focusing yourself focusing just get
some angles yeah he's like let me get
some good angles this guy calls them the
Tanner Foxx angles because one time we
were at her house and Tanner Foxx was
there and I asked him to take a
thumbnail for me and then Tanner Fox
this pro this professional with the
camera goes on bro let me get to some
angles he gets down he goes up he's
looking back slid so now every time
Dennis takes a thumbnail for me he's
like you want me to do Tanner Fox angles
but in that instance Dennis I don't
think we have time to do Tanner Fox
angles but you still did it we thought
it's gonna take 10 maybe 20 seconds and
of course my camera doesn't focus on you
know why we did it don't what for you
Sunday morning NFL football Sunday
obviously I'm watching my Chargers play
their biggest game of the season right
now there's my QB that's my QB Phil
Rivers Phoenix Suns gotta win yesterday
so let's see the Chargers do it today we
need this way anyways guys I was about
to watch the game right here and then I
got a call from my dad saying Brandon
come to the house I want to watch the
game with you and then you all your
here's my mom in the background yeah
Brandon come I'll make you breakfast and
so me and Jackie are gonna head over and
watch the Chargers game there other than
that guys that is going to close out
today's video I hope you enjoyed this
fun little vlog once again happy
birthday to Jackies brother
aka my brother-in-law aka GJ happy
birthday bro I hope you had a really
good time for GJ since he just moved out
onto his own I am getting him something
for his house something big actually
it's a desk
table does he need anyone for his new
home so I hope you enjoy this guy's drop
a like oh okay why why is Jackie my
girlfriend why she's addicted to these
but okay guys so I said why is Jackie my
girlfriend well this helps she went and
gummy burrito for breakfast while I was
editing so babe I forgive you for being
addicted to Santa slippers when it's not
even Thanksgiving yet we're still in
November
so you asked my little girl's room for
one spirit slippers no because you were
addicted to them anyways guys thank you
so much for watching today's video drop
a like if you did enjoy subscribe to
this channel if you are new turn post
notifications on to get notified when I
upload every single day other than that
guys Brandon aka bruh waters I'm out and
I love you guys all peace
I can't
