J I said sit there BQ now make that face
so jr. we noticed a heavy voice change
first of all and probably for that give
me knuckles okay we also noticed a bunch
of weight loss I'm also probably for
that give me knuckles and they can't see
it in this video but I noticed yesterday
when we were playing basketball a lot of
improvement so give me knuckles what I'm
about to do for Denis do you think that
he deserves it oh that's Altima yes he
let you play 2k okay thanks for your
input dude okay guys so I'm about to
head over to the bank right now to pull
some cash out because if you can't tell
from the title and thumbnail of this
video I'm about to head over to the
carwash that Dennis word set I feel like
I'm gonna make his day I think he's
gonna be really really happy with this
Dennis never asks for anything he never
expects anything you know all Brandon do
you think I could borrow a ball of law
or do you think you could give me blah
blah blah he never does that I'm not
gonna lie sometimes when I try to think
of a video because I am a daily uploader
I get sidetracked for like I'll try to
go to gym before I finish my video but
you have Dennis standing there like no
Brandon you can't go to the gym till you
finish your video like he pushes me to
get all my stuff done he pushes me to
get better and guys also the biggest
reason that I want to help Dennis like
this is because not only does he help me
out every day but he helps my family out
like you won't believe it when I say
this but he's probably at work right now
texting my dad saying hey Ron do you
need any ideas for your channel and any
checks my mom's saying hey when I get
off work do you need any help doing
anything around the house it's like my
mom and dad look at him as their third
son you won't believe like how much my
mom and dad love him and rightfully so
he does so much for the family so like
to me it's like if you helped me out
okay that's cool whatever I appreciate
it but the fact that he helps my family
out like my parents and also my brother
is what like that's what means a lot to
me because obviously I put family first
like you could help me out that's cool
but helping my family means so much more
and
I don't know Dennis I'm sure you guys
could tell from the videos Dennis is
just he's just a nice guy junior huh
wait yo guys the struggle of promising
to of your cousin so you're gonna hang
out with them you hang out with one drop
them off and you pick off you is it a or
s my gas light turned on when is your
gas light not on its ever and no will
drive on empty for a frickin like three
days I'm always cars about a breakdown
he won't get gas I won't learn my lesson
till my car breaks down in the middle
because guys you understand what Dennis
does for us he's so nice
like we love Dennis so Danny's what Dave
is we're gonna do something good for him
today
yeah Rendon is I'm broke I'm a hug and a
kiss yeah you good but honestly that
means more guys sorry it's my voice
effects I feel kind of sick no I'm just
joking it's cuz the sons lost his face
all screaming oh my god who did they
play look at Anthony flakes it is muddy
now I'm just joking but Anthony decided
to get in on this and he's actually
surprising Dennis with $100 himself so
Anthony thank you for this is everything
in my bank account he is working he has
no idea what's about to happen
Anthony I appreciate you getting in on
this such a kind heart so well then it's
done a lot of done a lot for us and
remember when he bought us the
watermelon and you picked a good one oh
really
okay because Dennis waited 45 minutes
slant hitting the watermelons like wait
is this one good is this one good then
he went to a whole other rack all the
way across the store and I'm holding a
computer and a bottle of sparkling cider
and I'm about to drop them and I'm
holding my camera he's that way wait is
this one good here tap it does that
sound good no but trust me it was worth
it was so good you didn't get to try
okay guys so Dennis at work right now
watching cars in this heat and we are
about to go surprise him with $1,000
1,100 1,100 I honestly I don't think
he's gonna take it we're gonna have to
force him to take it you think is gonna
be like oh thank you know he's gonna be
knowing Dennis he would never take it
but like
we are about to do this right now
we got shinjin my present and we got big
man we got one for you right here no way
oh we're out and why are you getting my
hopes up that food imagine you wear like
everyday
Oh God look this is like the air
freshener for the car obviously
last time they wash my car Dennis
sprayed literally a hundred sprays in my
past and I'm driving back home like this
cuz you know how after you get a car
wash you can't roll the window down yes
Chanel made those yesterday well they're
so small he needs you know why would I
heard you made them I said please give
me more no you didn't
how are you Dennis that one's over 200
all get one I wonder if this is gonna
work
hello
'we did not working wait yeah but how do
you like lit how - oh wait talk again
what you say oh hell yeah yeah my best
part awakened uh-oh
okay okay I'm gonna look at him off
inside a regular day at work dad he's
just working hard he's a hard work I
love it he saw me so I didn't want to do
it earlier because they were a little
busy but now there's no car so I think
there's a lifetime to do it whatever
it's good so we have the money right
here
dennis has no idea about it didn't come
over okay Jenny can I borrow you for a
second are you busy
oh you acted on the booth like around
the okay
oh my god you get yourself in the face
people flip it I don't know the big ones
know if it was upside down fucking yeah
if you saw me on the street and I like
this maybe not they're not there do
their guitar today so now like it like
everybody to do the guitar oh ok guys so
we got Dennis here a lot of you may know
why are you scared that hits come so we
got Dennis here a lot of my know them as
my best friend and as someone who does a
lot for me and my family I think someone
wants to stare and go I think they're
staring at you so you got loony and
someone who does a lot for me my family
and my friends and up Dennis I'm asked
you to have a seat really
got you you're just sitting again
something really bad it's the casting
car wash chair so there's this year's
Melvin series well amigos moment so
Danny said every time I asked him have a
seat you'd see there's something really
good or really bad and you're pregnant
no who's that you were covering that
it's it's usually 99% of the time
something bad but today we're gonna do
something good
so Dennis I already know dennis is gonna
say nothing dumb I'm not doing anything
that goes across and propose you work
really hard not only over here but at my
house not only at my house but on my
parents house with Anthony with my
brother and wait look away what are you
doing man I strip you do something I'm
not doing anything wrong and if you
allow this okay Anthony I mean Dennis
just open your hand but don't look open
your hand okay well let me get a better
angle it might crawl I'm joking
okay Dennis get it in close wait can I
open yeah you could open
Dennis it's for you for working hard not
only at the car wash but for every
further everything you do go trust me I
know it for you I'm serious it's for you
I swear I'm not taking them I know I'm
not gonna take it for what raining it
closing for working hard I'm telling you
for everything you do for my family for
me forget about leaving my family
my family for Anthony DiNozzo I'm look
what we say you were again take it so
we're gonna make you work for it no you
have to strip for us hey hey you got up
so bad I'm serious I wasn't expecting
you to take it I know you're on the run
and see whoa then it's you deserve it
it's 1,100 I put 100 and I'm cheap wait
really quick Brennan come lick all the
way over I'm telling you bro oh you
deserve it I'm not just giving to you
for no reason I'm not like here Dennis
take it it's for everything you do I'm
telling you though you deserve it yeah
well okay everything you do for my
family all the time you take out of your
day all the ideas you think of all the
time you spent trying to help us just
for nothing this is like this is
Enceladus think of it as from me and my
family to you know it is for something
yeah I know and I know you don't expect
anything in return that's what that's
why I want to do this I know you don't
expect anything in return that's why
you're so silly know what slow
appointment for the apartment was for me
to have a friend with you should know
you so for everything I did
I'm not taking Danny's but then you did
more stuff yeah you did yeah oh you did
myself after no trust me brother ah this
is the cute friendship like if Dennis
was consistently asking me first stuff
like all your branding you know I did
this for you so do you think you could
do this for me
this would have never happened but the
fact that he does so much and never
asked for anything in return he remind
me of Jackie does so much doesn't be
doing ass right now what about me what
do I remind you all right in the suite
I'm serious this is why one when you do
something you never expect anything in
return or like you just do some out of
your heart this is well that's why I
want to do this you deserve it bro yeah
I know you got frickin car payment a
bunch of things go
then is pleat okay if you don't take I'm
gonna get mad this from me and my family
just take it out that how you feel
Dennis trunk see another person would be
like oh well I mean I do so much for you
so yeah I'll take it but then it this is
exactly why I want you to take it
because you're not like that bro you do
everything because you want to help me
take it take it take it take it serious
you deserve it you do so much there's at
least Balder the least we can do give
him a hug hundred one of those has my
name on it
women's bank account we went to the bank
right before this Dennis thank you
phones there's a lot surprise for a
while yeah one time I got Brandon to oil
life's for Christmas
hey Dennis where we going to eat tonight
McDonald would you get so much we'd get
the whole menu in war oh yeah the dollar
menu actually they have a huge menu I
don't know if you get I'm losing brain
cells no they have a to 425 a fifty way
twenty we can't jump too fast now but
really guys everything else saying
before like we came here is still stands
true Dennis he deserves it like me again
that he said just a perfect example of
why I wanted to help Dennis out it took
me so long just to try to convince him
to take the money I guarantee you
anybody else would be like oh cool like
I'll take it so Dennis that's enough to
retire okay guys I'm back home now and I
feel great I'm not gonna lie when I tell
you that whenever I do a good deed or
something it just makes me feel so it
makes me feel so good the random cuffs
after all that was you know me and Deniz
just we just had a real talk like heart
to heart that's my boy I love him and
some of the things that you know we say
is just like it's just man to man he
doesn't need to be on camera and so we
were talking for real and he really
appreciated this and I know I didn't
have to give it to Dennis I know he
never expects something like this but he
really does deserve it like I said
earlier in the video
you know I'm 22 I can rely on myself so
all the help that Dennis gives me I
appreciate it and it's cool but the most
important thing about Dennis is that he
helps my parents you know like ever
since I moved out on my own I still try
to see my parents everyday but it's not
the same as me living with them so
sometimes they need help with something
that I can't help them with because I'm
pretty far from them now and Dennis
sometimes heads over when he's not busy
and he does what my parents ask and that
means so much to me because I know how
much I used to help out my parents and
don't get me wrong I still try to help
them as much as I could but sometimes
it's just not possible with my schedule
and how far they are so I appreciate any
extra help Dennis does for my parents
and also for my brothers so he really is
like my brother my parents look at him
as their third son next to me and Brian
and this just made me feel really good
I'm also really proud of my little
cousin Anthony for pitching in his
hundred dollars because nobody asked him
to do that he just saw that I was gonna
give Dennis the gift it means I go for
it I want to help too you know what this
proves
this proves that acts of kindness and
good deeds are contagious do good spread
positive vibes good these and everyone
around you will start doing that too so
trust me guys thank you so much for
watching today's video I really hope you
guys enjoyed and once again thank you
guys for putting me in a position where
I'm able to do this for my best friend
because if it wasn't for you guys
watching the videos if it wasn't for you
guys clicking like if it wasn't for you
guys subscribing to my channel I
wouldn't be able to do this from our
best friend so thank you guys so much
for that I love you guys also so much I
love you guys so much I hope you enjoyed
this video subscribe to the channel if
you're new other than that Brandon aka
obi-wan is I'm out and I love you guys
all
peace oh don't worry I got a car wash
after that do not worry I got my car
washed for free after that so on I'm
happy
