man you left these things in here I
don't eat the yellow the whole sour
patch bag is gone except the end is
filled with yellow you know some people
find I don't know like ants around their
house or loose change or you know
blankets around random stuff around my
house you find used oil wipes around
your house i frame was walking to my
father saw one look the dragon dragon
bender hey we've never been on it are we
tall enough what's the height I don't
think we're tall enough for this we have
to go on this I wouldn't go on this look
at the drop the yellow one this is me
cuz the nose is sharp
where's Jackie no I'm the Frog would oh
yeah you're the Frog let's see gonna be
the Frog hey Dennis how much would they
have to pay you to go on this look how
big the drop is give me a million bucks
and I might do it maybe world's highest
roller coaster and it's like this Oh am
I in this them no no you get me less
views
oh I mean more views baby me all you
need more views no I need no it's world
scariest roller coaster hey I want to
confront you Dennis you can use me for
thumbnails just gonna get you views and
meaning to use my body I always were
short on purpose
oh are you exposing me I force you to
wear shorts to show your legs in the
thumbnail babe will you get in trouble
guys okay the truth behind this
conspiracy is that Dennis loves wearing
jeans but you always see him in shorts
in my videos because I forced him to
wear shorts because it gets me more
views when Dennis shows his nice calves
Dennis why are you wearing black socks
with white shoes I told you not to do
that bro guys it was such a pet peeve
that Dennis was wearing black socks with
white shoes that I ran to my room and I
landed Dennis a pair of my white socks I
said keep it bro just keep it and he
doesn't use them
we should huh you think YouTube is still
gonna be around when you have kids
really so my videos so my videos will
still exist when you have kids or
YouTube will take them down guys I love
this game Center because they show
basketball games oh wait it's because I
forced them to put the channel member
they never changed it okay why do you
have to say floors you forced they were
like oh we would put the game but we
don't know the channel they were trying
to make an excuse and I knew the channel
in my head I said oh no put this and
it's still on they never changed it back
so you're welcome all you basketball
fans but yeah guys the ping-pong is
taken so we're about to play some pool
tennis I'm not good at Patrol it's like
you playing basketball baby you're not
sharpening pencil
okay can I try to see where your belly
button is then a nice relief they're
gonna use me as one of the Carousel
foods you can't see that but flat rate
for those who don't know I complain oh
you want me to put a channel back - so
this is the situation just a situation
I'm striped and Dennis is solid so if
you can't tell it Dennis
all you needs to make this one and he
wins so get it no pressure
well let's see if he's camera-shy
if you make this you win we get one we
get one during the game my mum doesn't
like a cheap watch
that is gonna say something
Brent Brennan and Dennis don't know
about Don Francisco
Tiger Woods okay Dennis you beat me in
this but I challenge you to a game of
shuffleboard do you accept this
challenge I have game if I just beat him
by one point
Dennis you go first ko Dennis don't
choke
I just need one point Dennis that's so
hard beau don't be camera shop
okay
don't knock fight off the video dirty to
really be your own people Hobbit two can
play this oh I tried the lockers all in
the game I hate this game I need to
stick the basketball
hashtag nail cam the king of wake and n
is slip inside on here I think so you
want to try it stop clean look how mad
it's when I disorganized okay then if
you're Freddie but you're not putting
away my vote it looked fine no it looks
fine
upside down only some of them
okay fine that looks a little more
viable Denny's yeah this makes the most
excuses oh my gosh the game is still on
oh the other game is 9 to 191 we have to
go watch that upstairs because they
don't have the channel over here
it's 2105 they don't have it over here
they only have one 777 here I feel like
my kid whenever he's born or she's
they're already gonna be born with like
NBA knowledge in their head they're just
gonna be born with automatic basketball
knowledge in their heads
Michael Jordan got 1/3 he's gonna say
dad when's my birthday I'm gonna say I
don't know when's Devin Booker its
birthday because whatever Devin Booker
was the one that's what you were born
wait did we get our water bill yet well
Bo once we get the water bill and we see
how high it is we're gonna start
showering in the gym showers we're gonna
start using the gym to shower a we just
have to walk all the way across with
towels covering our body so no one sees
the nudity no towels
run should we yeah you think if we run
fast enough nobody would know we live
too frustrated zip line we go over the
cards from the top on the more but
someone's be walking like a human oh
wait Jackie doesn't let us say poop we
have to say party she says that's more
appropriate wait I think I ran over all
the speed bumps when I parked Denny's I
ran over the speed bumps look how they
put all the speed bumps it's literally
going into the parking spot and look all
over here King gonna gasp Oh king of the
castle already do you do wait I want a
cool song have to edit it did you do
like no like no Monday oh this I'm Devin
Booker when he finally wins the
championship for the sounds that he's
standing on what song what song oh body
like a back road I know a turn like the
back of my hand don't jump don't jump oh
it's so clean you can see myself hey
Dennis BMW i8 vs. 1,000 pounds of speed
bump this is like a million pound Dani
surfboard surfboard Oh guys the cops
came to us wait then is it really for us
wait okay oh wait I think they are yeah
yeah thanks
oh wait did they jump on their
intervention no it's because I jumped on
the first one it was okay you decided oh
brain you thinking on this one and then
you almost at your head there's no way
wait what just happened
hey did he say are you okay what'd he
say say you guys okay I was like yeah
bruh I said I was just joking when I
said he was coming to her head and he
was really coming is he really coming
back scared you were scared what he
can't go back on therefore not scared
you were scared I was laughing ooh your
hands I do look at these you lie on your
face boat cause we look suspicious
we're free that's map times coming back
to us
guys oh my god oh my goodness you know
how we were in the parking garage
we have no service we don't get any text
or any calls so when we finally came up
from the parking garage I finally got
all the text and caught that I missed
and all my boys went to the gym to go
play basketball and they texted me like
a while ago but I never got the text so
now I missed the chance to go play
basketball and you got your neighbors
complaining anything but missed
opportunity of playing basketball oh my
god they said there were actually people
playing but we're about to leave it's
not their fault they texted me a while
ago to go with their body half the
service in the parking lot this is all
the comp the security's fault first he
came and said oh are you guys okay
they came back let me scare me I thought
it was coming from you again anyways
guys missed opportunity to go play
basketball but I'll be back on the
basketball court in 12 hours oh no 13
more hours in 13 hours I'll be at the
gym playing basketball so I got a
question for you and you here's my
question since we already missed the
opportunity to play basketball how about
we go get some food what guys Jack he's
on a diet I tell you that the meats
gonna die already tell her her body's
perfect but you know how girls are oh I
need to lose weight I need to lose
weight
it's my GD we're trying to eat some you
know saturated fat a lot of oil and Dan
is that's disgusting oh I was about to
say you don't know what I put chapstick
on after doing let's go get food are you
guys down technically you're up hell
poet wrote a poet wrote el Taco Tuesday
even though today is Dennis where you
trying to park I'm after once this car
passed me
oh okay so it's not Taco Tuesday maybe
it's go all road rage go and she had the
nerve to hug nah but really I think
today's burrito Thursday's or does that
not exist
Danny's well I was scarier than the
train at the apartments look they have a
fish tank babe remember when you tried
to lie to me and tell me that that brown
rock was a fish what is it really a fish
I know I love this song give me
everything tonight Dennis what are you
having I'll take a glass of wine for the
security asking us if we're okay
sure oh hey you know what I'll always
remember about sitting at this table
yeah what yeah exactly
I'll always remember this moment because
I was sitting here and I met my first
fan the first person who asked to take a
picture of me and I wasn't shocked I was
like wait you watch me he's like yeah
and how many I don't know how many subs
I had I think I had like 20,000 or
something like that and he asked me for
a picture and I was like wait a picture
with me so I'll always remember this
table and I tell everyone that comes
here with me
that's how Dennis knew a memorable
moment for me wait first of all let's
get the freaking creepy letter out of
the way because we don't want to Dennis
both so Dennis promised he knows how to
cut watermelon in a unique way okay
Denis I don't think the saran wrap is
gonna protect the counter imagine how
many views so if you accidentally cut
your finger okay stop hey Denis can you
teach me how you do it you know you oh
let's see the finished product I think
you're supposed to wash your hands
before the process you start the middle
bottom alone right when I thought I was
clearing the ant problem just look boom
don't you dare say Dennis boom Dennis
you know it was you
Jackie patched paper towels where the
answer comes from and with all that
being said Dennis started going to close
out today's video I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I want to see your
out thing well why don't you wait can
you start it no first two word all right
I forgot all right guys and thank you so
much for watching
and it's been Broadus and i'm out peace
you forgot to say I love you God and I
love you guys oh you say oh yeah I love
you guys all peace oh yeah peace no hey
I'm not closing the video until you
admit that you were scared from the
security guard no I'll just run like
renate brain bye babe danten danten
Dennis
the digital is a mitchel Musso and we're
out 15 everybody say bye for the video
we'll take turns
