every morning has to start with argument
every morning has to start with an
argument it's your fault all you heard
was Mikey's moving and you started
talking nonsense
you said don't go play basketball at the
gym that's like me telling you not to
eat yeah it is because I have to play
basketball to keep my day going or else
I can't survive just like people need
food I mean basketball they're fine I'm
only 22
that's fine I'll have Dennis massage
them every morning every morning I can't
just say okay babe I'm about to go play
basketball every morning but babe you're
injured you hurt yourself last night I
care about you hey are you playing
basketball like that I thought we were
going together love and basketball or is
it loving hip-hop I caught you what is
this you put a toothpick in the floor so
I can step on it and not go to the gym
to play I swear it was on the floor and
I'm pretty sure it was sticking up like
this but I probably accidentally hit it
with the door that's the only reason it
was down you probably had it up like
this okay I just live my life and play
basketball 24/7 yeah okay well here
let's put in case of Dennis wants to
come to the closet you wonder why you
get cramps where's your water
let's Gatorade No
god I love food by the foot I'll take
this for breakfast any day over eggs and
toast and pancakes everyone's basic
every week two eggs scrambled eggs hash
brown
wait I'm gonna be late I swear I'm gonna
be like oh my shorts fell again okay
this needs to stop
Jake when other people see this place
they see just a gym when I see this
place I see my home oh my gosh I love
when I see what Mel's car in the parking
lot before I walk in cuz that most
likely means he's gonna guard me and
that means easy buckets all day who is
this sexy oh my god
now that Jackie's not here and I'm alone
I can admit it
she's right my knees are hurt like crazy
and I tried to lie to her I was like no
babe I feel fine I love basketball okay
guys so it's 2:40 oh I gotta charge my
phone first of all look at that 26% but
anyways it's 2:40 just got back from the
gym I'm working on finishing my video
because I didn't get to finish this
morning I swear now that I think about
it that's all my life consists of play
basketball watch basketball and YouTube
videos but anyways I just had my first
real meal of the day not a fruit by the
foot but an actual meal 3 p.m. and I
just had my first meal some pasta and
some yogurt and now I'm full I just got
to work on finishing this video and I'll
pick this vlog back up guys Brandon when
are you going to move back home we miss
you so much that is
I'd say day number 2 million that I get
text from my mom saying Brandon what are
you gonna move back home we miss you why
the camera stutters I think I gotta put
it like this every single day I get a
text from my mom to move back home and
she always drives me wait Bosley because
she knows I love Bosley
she's always like Oh Bosley feels lonely
without him and then she'll send me a
sad picture of Bosley he makes you feel
so guilty you just like one of the dogs
from the sad adoption commercials for
example look at this one look so cute
how can I say no to this and then she
also tries to bribe me with food always
look this is homemade salsa homemade
guacamole with some chips she's always
like Brandon I made some food it's ready
when you moved back here and I'm like
mom that's torturing me mom you know I
can't cook like you um
I can't cook at all actually actually I
know how to make bacon and eggs I would
be a good breakfast chef now that I
think about I'm gonna open up my own
restaurant the bharatas breakfast shop
and it's only going to serve bacon
eggs you could choose one either bacon
or eggs if you get both of them together
on my charge like $500 hmm this is real
fishy so Jackie is at work okay she's
not here right now but the toothpick is
missing from the wrapper I have no idea
where it is but I'm wearing my sandals
in the house the whole day I don't care
what anyone says because I don't know
where Jackie put the toothpick and I
already texted Jackie don't worry she
said babe I didn't do anything with the
toothpick well then explain this why
can't I just have a normal girlfriend
not someone who tries to hide a
toothpick in the house so I could step
on it and not play basketball well she's
actually denying it but I don't know if
I okay tell me if it's just me or did it
look like someone is under the blink
okay still looks like someone's on the
blanket someone get fucking yeah it
looks like something out of the blanket
maybe I'm just tripping now I don't know
but oh my god okay why does this look
like feet ah honestly oh my gosh hold on
guys I'm just tripping out fuck hey guys
so we have Jackie's apples over here
which she's probably gonna kill me for a
tea and we have peanut butters so I
don't know why everyone goes crazy over
apples and peanut butter I've never
tried it so I'm about to try it right
now for the first time on camera peanut
butter an apple I don't know we'll see
definitely a little weird like super
thick texture from the peanut butter and
then super sweet juicy from Apple I
don't know it's not bad but it's not
good I don't know me myself I don't have
the apples by themself the peanut butter
takes away from the sweetness and the
juiciness of the Apple the peanut butter
is like Kawhi Leonard and the Apple is
like an NBA player when you put the
peanut butter on an applet a like it
takes away from what the Apple is you
know sweet and juicy just like when you
put Kawhi Leonard on NBA player he takes
away from what they do they can't really
score the camera and shoot guys the
worst thing ever is when me and Jackie
are watching the son's game and she
falls asleep it's the worst thing ever
because then I can't scream when
something happens like that I have to
scream because she's asleep first of all
the disrespect of falling asleep during
the son's game what kind of sick joke is
this but that's why I have a second TV
in the house so that I can watch the
sun's came over here and I could scream
in peace I feel bad for her on awake rub
she had a long day at work she worked
since the morning she came back super
tired she fell asleep so I think I'm
gonna watch the son's game out here okay
guys so the sons are getting killed
right now and me with my crazy theories
that I always have one of my crazy
theories is that the sons are losing
because I'm watching the game so I need
to change a white one one last pack of
lunch yes so I need to change the
channel or else they're gonna keep
losing so did this game the Lakers are
playing the Celtics right now so I'm
gonna watch this game for a little bit
and then go back to the sons game
because I feel like they're only losing
cuz I'm watching is that a crazy theory
or no is it true or no how do you know
they do lose never mind I'm just gonna
hold myself back on that one maybe I am
the reason the Suns are bad I think I
really need to stop watching the games
imagine I stopped watching and they want
a championship okay they lose 92
Christian every guys watching this
Lakers and Celtics game everything they
were saying about Lonzo coming out of
college he really can't shoot like when
I watched Laker games I'm more excited
to watch Kuzma play Kuzma has been the
best rookie on the Lakers
obviously Lonzo impacts the game in
other ways but this is an NBA you're
gonna need to know how to score the ball
he does not look like he can shoot the
ball at all except when he killed the
sun's of course the sun's made long to
look like you can shoot the ball like
Steph Curry guys my theory worked I
changed the channel because the Suns
were getting killed and now they're only
down by 8 so they're coming back when
I'm not watching ok let me test let me
keep watching and see if they could
actually make a shot if they miss this
shot that I'm the real curse ok let's
see I'm watching ok I'm fresh air the
curse I need to change the channel again
just joking who do you think I am I have
to watch the rest of the Suns game well
guys maybe I am the curse we lost Booker
had another 30 point game I swear this
pisses me off the sun's need to get
Booker some help he can't do everything
on his own every single game he had
another 30 point game and the Sun still
lost they need to get Booker some help
and Booker's passing too he didn't have
30 points and 0 6 he had 30 points and 6
assists and he had zero turnovers he
didn't turn the ball over one time oh my
genny's Dennis there's no way you're
messing with me
there's no way right now Dennis please
read it please read it for the camera oh
that's creepy as we have been watching
you and we're coming for you Dennis do
you not remember what I was telling you
the other day well me and Brian found in
front of our house ok where'd you find
this letter Dennis was right in front of
your door guys please tell me that you
saw Brian's video literally last week
both this is so creepy I'm like in shock
she said the same exact thing is said
here let let me pull it up it literally
wait is that the same let what if
Brian's prank like Brian brought the
letter and oh no no no Brian said rug at
the top it said rug Brian said look let
me show you Dennis you never saw the
video look wait how do they know where
island like me and Brian what is this I
don't know there were pills on the other
one on the one that they let Sarah has
but they were orange these are pink the
handwriting the Dennis and creepy that's
what makes it creepy and a little kid
yeah and like in pencil too little kid
how would they go from there to here
exactly
we're far we're at least thirty minutes
away but not just that what are these
pills I don't get it no just leave it
bro that's weird
nothing guys a lot of people were
telling us to look up the pills so we
can know what they are it doesn't say
anything on the pills that's what's so
confusing this is a huge complex I don't
get how they would find around they
didn't get it only get it yeah how they
get in their security and got in the
front of this complex there's like
security and there's something you have
to like open to get even get your car
it's the same exact thing with two pills
they says rug we have been watching you
and we're coming for you and look the
two pills and watching you and we're
coming for you and this one says you see
person for sure exactly if this is like
somebody playing a prank on us on me and
Brian or whatever like okay that's funny
or cool or whatever but I just want to
know how somebody wouldn't know exactly
where my brother lives and exactly where
I live that's kind of creepy
and the fact that the handwriting is
like creepy and that there's pills at
the bottom of everyone like what do they
think do they think we're gonna take the
pills I don't get what the pills mean do
they think we're gonna swallow them for
you and Brian both times
well this is I'm I'm getting the chills
I'm gonna call Brian just in case he's
like like pranking obviously but Brian
you know he never drives all the way
down here it's too far for Brian Oh guys
I always like to come over and here's a
little secret Brian doesn't really like
to drive far and this house is far from
oh yeah you went to the carwash right
okay I'll so like I'll call Brian to
make sure but Bo this is creepy guys so
I guess it looks as if the same person
who went to my mom and dad and Brian's
house to leave a note for Brian came to
my house and leave a note for me the
same little creepy handwriting in pencil
two pills this time it's different pills
last time they were orange now they're
pink I don't understand how they got
into this complex because it's usually
really secure so this is just weird
I don't know guys but I Dennis you want
to sleep over here tonight
well that's no because they put two
pills and bold like what the pills have
to me something they can't be dumb
enough to think we're gonna be like
we're gonna take the pill Wednesday I
don't know
imagine you Wheatley's weird I don't
know guys
both
found the nest of where all the ants are
coming from if you don't know what I'm
talking about me and Jackie have been
finding ants everywhere whether it's in
the bathroom and the snack cabinet or
even by my bed and we never knew where
they were actually coming from until
babe where do you think the queen is I
want to spray the queen first in her
cash back
don't spray my crack you think the queen
is in the castle
probably you know I don't know it's
called Castle sorry and I love you bot
culture they all instantly die well
Brandon no watermelons gone no you got a
spring up it smells good I know that I
don't know what's on my hand but okay
guys so I texted Brian and Brian swears
that he didn't leave any paper outside
my door but he said that that's super
creepy that's the same one that was
outside of our house this is weird I
really don't understand I don't know
like I said it could be someone just
playing a prank on us okay whatever blah
blah blah but even if some random person
is playing a prank on us how do they
know where my parents live and where I
live it's just the whole thing about is
weird the whole part about the pills and
the little kid handwriting I don't know
we need to figure this out because I
want to know how they even got into this
complex maybe if I call security
downstairs because they have a security
he could maybe look at camera footage
but I don't know if we would be even be
able to do that so uh I don't know I
guess I'm ending this video off on a
little bit of a creepy weird note but I
hope you guys enjoyed all the other
parts of this video and I want to get to
the bottom of this I want to find out
who did it I'm gonna find out what the
pills mean and just anyways guys drop a
like on this video if you enjoyed the
sun's lost again Devin Booker had a
great game but this team just isn't that
good subscribe to this channel if you
are new we're so close to two and a half
million subscribers other than that guys
Brandon here aka bruh waters I love you
guys all peace
I can
