god my body's beep especially my teeth
and we have a game tomorrow are you GT D
gametime decision no you know I'm gonna
play either way you could play without
concussion I believe it I hate missing
game because of injuries can we see your
feet no no I don't put your nails well
yeah cause you scratch me the thumb
Jackie always makes me cut them because
she cuts them I'm in my sleep and I
don't notice oh yeah anyways it's like
midnight right now we're about to go to
sleep but tomorrow I have a game a
really important game actually and my
knees are I demand
everybody in this room to pay their
respects with a moment of silence for
the Eric Bledsoe trade ok guys so for
those who haven't heard yet but so got
traded to Dennis are you laughing did
you just love finally you open the door
oh I find you're laughing at the fact
that nobody know where are we going in
honor of Eric what so being Dennis
you've been very disrespectful today and
I'm saying he's good right
sorry guys I'm going crazy I got traded
hey guys I actually talked to them after
the trade so god me and Dennis are about
to go to the basketball court play some
basketball to everybody else driving
these streets to everybody else at work
this is just any other regular day it's
just a normal day to them they don't
know today for me is a day erry but so
got traded from the Phoenix Suns like my
knees and ankles I told you ball it was
you had all the injury poor okay guys so
Dennis knew that I was hurt yesterday so
we decided that today I was gonna do an
injury report we gotta say like there's
like there were there turns yeah
so Brandon Amadas was actually seen
icing his knees and ankles last night
because he was in a lot of pain and they
were hurt so he wasn't really expected
to play in tonight's game however he's
gonna go test out some runs at the gym
right now so as of now he's questionable
for tonight I have a question though
yeah to the reporter uh-huh what are
chances these chances right now are
50/50
next 3-pointer away
all they need a three to three game who
passed you the ball every time you make
your shot you did I was looking for
Dennis off the court I said in honor of
blood so I'm gonna average six assists
just like blood so dish and now we're on
our way to go see pull the barber we're
about to get haircuts and on our very
blood so egg blood so you know no matter
how good of a game he had or how bad of
a game he had he always had a fresh
haircut so in honor thank you yeah you
know what another moment of silence one
time I know all right that's fine were
you closing your eyes
next time close your audience I won
sweet you know a denture Green okay fine
but just next time cuz it showed a
little more acidic so update number two
right now you know Brandon I talked to
him after practice he played at the gym
he played a lot actually report said he
says he felt good but you could tell he
was kind of limping but he didn't want
to admit it because he didn't want coach
to say that he can't play tonight so he
was kind of hiding his injury that's
what I heard how was he driving you were
driving in though today have a how are
you Germany of you're limping you were
doing some reverse why are you saying
you I'm the reporter you mean Brandon
was driving it now I'm not gonna lie my
knees are actually bothering same with
my ankle yeah but all I know hurt your
finger oh I I jammed my finger and it
was already a bad finger I don't care
guys I'm playing tonight you guys
already know I'm playing tonight Dennis
so we decided to stop my wings and
things before our haircut tell me this
doesn't look bomb it's 120 I know we
need to bring our hair guys out 130 and
we just got our food but the haircut
literally writing policy us we way think
ball I'll tell Paul wait for one second
please
well I thought we agreed we're adding a
Suns flag great all you want me to bring
it I thought five years of getting cut
here I'd have a flag here already hey
I'll really bring one you guys gonna
hang up a Sun slide well what do you get
out the tracks okay we'll see we'll see
you Dennis I see you laughing wait so I
come up with a razor behind shave your
head yo guys it's almost game time and I
can't wait to play in today's game and
here's why my team has two wins and
three losses that's not good well what
that means is that we have to win this
game to make the playoffs if we lose
this game it would be really really hard
to make the playoffs so this game is
pretty much a must-win and the reason
I'm so excited to play is because like
every game that we play and it's fun and
everything but I think in my head the
games that are the most fun to play in
are the ones that matter the ones that
have a lot of pressure and today's game
like I said if we lose we're probably
not gonna make the playoffs oh that
doesn't scream pressure to you then I
don't know what does so I feel like it's
gonna be a really competitive game a
really intense game and hey may the best
team win in my head like I said I love
planning means I have a lot of pressure
and a lot of meaning because if that
show is kind of you know who crumbles
under pressure who gets afraid of the
spotlight and who sits up in the
spotlight who takes over the pressure
and wins the game so man it should be
fun and at the same time it's a risky
game if we lose that it's really bad for
our season like I was saying earlier I
have like some knee problems right now
and my ankle is kind of bad I also
jammed my finger earlier at the gym so
my body is kind of broken but I don't
care you guys didn't really think I was
gonna miss the game right I would not
miss the game but would take me a whole
lot more injuries to miss a game no
matter how bad my knees feel I'm gonna
play and I'm gonna do my best to help my
team win this game but a lot of pressure
big time game we're gonna find out right
now which team steps up under pressure
and which team is afraid of the
spotlight and falls under pressure
hopefully my team is the one that sets
up I'm ready and I hope the
my teammates already six and a half
hours later okay guys so quick update I
was getting ready to change and leave to
the game until I got a bunch of text
from some players on my team three
different players texted me last second
saying oh we can't make it today so I
started stressed now I'm like okay what
am I gonna do I need to find some people
or else we're gonna have to forfeit so I
went back and I hit up somebody who used
to play with us he was on our team and
he had to stop playing because of
schools but I hit him up I was like yo
just won games and he said okay shout
out to him for playing because I'm not
gonna lie I was stressed if he can't
play we literally have to forfeit I
would have been so bummed out and we're
gonna have to try to win this game while
we are short on players and my knees are
so messed up I'm not even gonna lie my
knees are hurt but we're gonna have to
try to win this game with the odds
stacked against us so I'm sure a lot of
you guys will remember him and let's get
ready to get this win so babe don't
spoil it cuz we're gonna show him when
he gets here but let's just say a
certain somebody who used to play on our
team came through clutch and it's coming
to play with us tonight the return yeah
I'm super excited we're gonna show him
once he gets here
you're wearing green provecho
okay guys I promise you we had a special
guest coming back a bunch of you
probably thought it was Brian but even
better
kasnia Ronson glad you're back what a
game to come back the most important
game of the season we gotta win ready
she still got the shirt
Oh children cousins the whole bench is
all their families
I think enansal fit me they really hurt
charlie
I always get worried when read in plays
and he's hurt he's too scared
14:14 with literally 14 minutes left in
the first
come on
so according to 23 while there's time
I'll nail camp
block party
three three three
so 3340 entering
hey guys 33 to 40 starting the second
okay guys so at this point down by
almost 20 points and the game with
almost over there is only like 11 or 12
minutes left I looked around and I could
tell some of my teammates were like you
know what we lost this game it's over so
that if I got in my head I said Brandon
you suck if you lose this game Brandon
if you lose this game you're literally
the worst basketball player on earth and
I just got in my head and I dawn my head
I told myself Brandon you can't lose
this game I don't care if we're down by
18 or 80 you cannot lose this game or
else your team will not make the
playoffs and I just got in my frickin
head so much
54 to 58 mind you guys we were down like
20 you guys have been trying to eat
healthy and I don't feel like myself
anymore any chocolate no energy at all
so I just like kind of froze
you
59 to 61 oh my god
you guys I have it's every night sis
stuck in my head I literally no word for
work
61 to 61 6 minutes left I just wanna say
a public announcement snapchat is
bringing back the best friends
the best friend feature so for all you
guys that are about to get caught up you
deserve it
Wow
67 to 66 three minutes left
68 to 67 two minutes left
71 to 67 it is so late
hey ball don't lie
what time
31 second 71 to 70
he reminds me of TJ buckets
I could never play this game wait sir
you guys play 73 to 71
everyone's real quiet now
that was a great game
good job Habibi
hey is it great I took a stupid shot how
many points you have a lot
I had 25 I only had five points in the
first half and then I dropped 20 in the
second half 25 points not been coaching
game real quiet the whole first we were
down by 18 and the second half
my dad says he does it better than Seth
Curry the warm-up oh I think you should
get traded to the bug yo guys usually I
wait till I get home to do my outro but
I swear I can't wait I just want to give
it up to my whole entire team Chris
Alvin Ronson Ted Gilbert I had 25 points
myself I started really bad I only have
five points in the first half and then
at halftime I just like I just talked to
myself I said Brandon this is the most
important game of the season if you lose
your season is pretty much over stop
playing like a that's what I told myself
and I scored 20 in the second half
I'm just happy we got the win guys now
we have three wins and three losses and
that was a close close game down by 18
in the second half I don't even know how
we came back and I just give it up to my
teammates if it wasn't for them we
wouldn't have won this game and I don't
think I've ever came back from down by
almost 20 in the second half I'm happy
I'm just happy our season is still alive
and I'm happy we came up clutch that was
a huge game hats off to the other team
they had a couple of really really nice
players but all around they were they
were a good team we had to fight really
hard and right now my adrenaline is
pumping so I don't feel the pain in my
body but trust me when the adrenaline
wears off I'm gonna be feeling this pain
so bad and oh my I'm not excited for
that but guess what I don't care we want
once again hats off to the other team
they played great they made us work
really really hard for this way but hey
it's best ball nothing comes easy I'm
proud of my teammates we got this way
three ways three Lawson's other than
that guys thank you so much for watching
this video drop a like if you enjoyed
seeing us Wayne because I want to get to
the playoffs for you guys that's what I
want I don't want to cut these
basketball videos after the season ends
I want to go to the playoffs and I want
to
for you guys and I'm gonna make sure my
team does our best to get to the
playoffs subscribe to this channel if
you're new thank you so much for
watching this video guys I love you guys
all peace peace
yeah do too oh you guys Pete they're
nice
