what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Vadis and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video
now hold on before I get into today's
video let me just address something
really quick so every time I make a
basketball talking video I get a bunch
of hate in the comment section why did
you upload this this is so boring why
are you making a video where you're just
sitting and talking about basketball
well the title and thumbnail is
literally showing what this video is
going to be about I'm not putting some
type of misleading title thumbnail now
I'm not sitting here and making a video
talking about basketball with a
thumbnail of me Brian
Jackie and me doing some crazy prank no
that's not what it is the title and
thumbnail is about basketball so the
video is me sitting and talking about
basketball if you don't like the videos
where I'm sitting and talking about
basketball then maybe you shouldn't
click the videos with the title and
thumbnail that shows that I'm going to
be sitting and talking about basketball
I don't know maybe I'm crazy but that's
just me anyway it's time to get into
today's video so it is really early
right now it's about 8 a.m. 8 in the
morning and I woke up you know regular
morning just like any other day and I
checked my phone and what do you know
eric bledsoe traded eric bledsoe has
been traded from the phoenix suns over
to the Milwaukee Bucks and as upset as I
am you know as sad as I am this is
obviously something that I saw coming
just last week I actually predicted that
Eric Bledsoe would end up on the
Milwaukee Bucks this makes sense for
both sides is going to be the Milwaukee
Bucks if I have to put my money on if
I've to guess I think that deal
eventually gets done with Milwaukee and
I mean even though something that I
expected it's something that I knew was
coming
it's still a sad day for me because I've
been a son fan my whole life and the
past couple of years you know Bledsoe
has been a really really good player for
us and I've actually gotten really close
to him as a person I've already talked
to him after the trade and everything
I've gone really close to him his family
you know every time I go to Phenix I
would see him in the locker room after
the game and she's just been really cool
with me I said if I am to see him leave
the Phoenix Suns I know that this move
makes him happy so I support it but so
first and foremost let's get into what
the trade was Eric Bledsoe from
Phoenix Suns going to the Milwaukee
Bucks and what the sun's gone return is
Greg Monroe Milwaukee's first-round pick
in this upcoming draft and their
second-round pick in this upcoming draft
so at first glance you look at this
trade like what the heck the sun's
traded a player like Eric Bledsoe just
for Greg Monroe what the heck volleyball
and a bunch of Suns fans are going crazy
and you know they're upset but here I'll
break that down later in this video
first let's get into what this trade
means from Milwaukee oh man what I say
Milwaukee it's a winner in this deal
look any time you can pounce on a player
like Eric Bledsoe in a situation where
the Phoenix Suns have no leverage
because of everything that's happened
leading up to the moment of the trade
you do it and the Milwaukee Bucks did
just that
they traded for Eric Bledsoe they kept
Malcolm Brogdon
they kept Chris Middleton they kept
Amari Parker they kept thaw maker they
traded for Eric Bledsoe while keeping
all of their assets while keeping all
their court intact and if you're a
Milwaukee fan you have to be ecstatic
even if you don't like Eric let's all
have a player the fact that Milwaukee
got Eric Bledsoe for such little assets
should make any Milwaukee fan ecstatic
and happy and I'm sure Yanis is happy
right now because he gets his surefire
second fiddle his second star I mean
Chris Middleton stepped up big in a lot
of games Malcolm Brogdon has looked
really really good in a lot of games but
now with Eric Bledsoe there you have
that solidified second option it's not
some random person needing to step up
every night for the Bucks
it's Yanis number one and then Bledsoe
is that solidified number two and then
whatever extra you get from Brogdon from
Middleton from Jabari Parker when he
comes back from injury that's just extra
on top of what Yanis and Bledsoe are
gonna give you for those who forget Eric
Bledsoe is a 20-point per game score he
dishes out seven assists and he plays
really good defense I think the culture
of the books right now is its defense
that's all their players are long they
defend they get out and run on the fast
break and Eric Bledsoe fits just that
and I think Milwaukee's smart they saw
an opportunity where they could get a
really good player for really cheap and
they passed all over it I'm sure
LeBron James is over there in Cleveland
mad at his front office because he
wanted Bledsoe
I know Denver wanted a player like Eric
Bledsoe I think the Knicks pelicans
Clippers Pistons they were all trying to
fight for his services so Milwaukee
should be really happy that they got it
obviously Milwaukee was already a
playoff team before this but I think
this solidifies Milwaukee as a top four
seed I'm not gonna stay here just as I
like Eric glitch I'm not even sitting
here and lie and be like oh they got
blood so they're winning the
championship it's over blah blah blah
I'm not gonna say that I'm a real fan
I'm honest I think this train makes
Milwaukee a little bit better it makes
life much easier for Yanis and for
everybody else but I think this
solidifies Milwaukee are the top four
seed in the playoffs and I'm happy for a
Bledsoe he's going to a playoff
contender he's playing with a really
really good player in Yannick scientific
kupo a superstar in the honest and quite
honestly Bledsoe in the east okay
there's no secret to anyone watching
this the East is a pretty weak
conference Eric Bledsoe has a chance to
be an all-star the East doesn't have too
many dominant guards most of them
shifted over to the West
so now let's still go into the East I'm
not saying he's a surefire all-star but
he definitely has a chance so to close
out my segment on Milwaukee side hey you
can't complain at all even if this whole
area Bledsoe trade doesn't work out they
barely gave anything away so they can't
complain they made a really good move
and there's just not much risk to this
move for them it's mostly reward reward
reward that's what it is for the
Milwaukee Bucks
and they're noticing the Cleveland
Cavaliers are struggling they know
Boston
even though Boston has been really hot
and they've looked really good this
season Gordon here were to still down
there's no for sure timetable when he's
gonna come back so I think Milwaukee is
looking at this opportunity and saying
hey we could pounce on something right
here in the East and we'll see what
happens with Milwaukee now on to the
Phoenix Sun side like I said a player
like Eric Bledsoe 20 points per game six
assists per game in his prime good
defender good contract he only makes 13
14 million dollars a year you get Greg
Monroe and a couple of picks from a
playoff team and you're sitting there as
a Suns fan and you're like when is this
gonna add when are we
to get ripped off and trades anymore but
I'm sitting here and I'm not too mad at
this trade I'm not I'm really not and I
talk to a lot of science where I thing
like it's the end of the world but you
gotta remember the situation that we
were in it's not like we just traded air
glut so randomly for this kind of return
then I would have been mad it's the fact
of the situation that we were put in
that's what makes us return not that bad
Hey
for what let's go tweeted and then for
the Suns general manager to come out and
talk about how blechy was not a leader
and you know making him sound like a
troublemaker the southern lucky in my
opinion to get an expiring contract in
Greg Monroe and two draft picks they're
lucky that's just my opinion obviously
they wanted malcolm brogdon heck I
wanted Malcolm Brogdon on the team but
when you factor in like the whole
situation all the steps leading up to
the Bledsoe trade and the sun's just had
no leverage at all and then okay look
back in the offseason what did the Bulls
get for Jimmy Butler anyone said the
Bulls got ripped off what did the Pacers
get for Paul George again and went at
that time said what the heck Sabonis an
old Depot from Paul George the Pacers
got ripped off what is the Knicks get
from Melo everyone at that time said oh
my gosh OKC ripped the Knicks off they
got Melo just for that and that's
without those players tweeting I don't
want to be here that's what those
players just unexpectedly getting traded
so if you thought the stones were gonna
get something more than that after the
whole Eric Bledsoe tweet and the whole
situation where they sent him home come
on it just wasn't realistic so me I had
set my standards low I knew after
Bledsoe tweeted that after the Sun sent
him home that the Suns realistically
they weren't gonna get anything of good
value in return if you thought they were
gonna you know trade Bledsoe for some
type of superstar it just was not gonna
happen
maybe if this was last year and the
situation was tamed and getting it out
of hand then yeah you could expect to
get someone really good but not after
everything that happened so Eric Bledsoe
was on the books for the next two
seasons this season and
season and he was making around 14
million dollars a year now you bring in
Greg Monroe who's an expiring contract
so he is off the books this season
meaning the sun's clear up a bunch of
cat stays for this upcoming summer so
that's number one number two the Phoenix
Suns acquiring the first-round picks
from Milwaukee now we have three
first-round picks in this upcoming draft
we have our own which should be top 5 we
have Miami's first-round pick and then
now we have Milwaukee's first-round pick
three first-round picks you can never
have too many draft picks whether the
Suns are gonna draft three rookies which
I doubt or they're gonna use those pits
to trade for a star who knows look at
what all these teams in the past have
done when they've had a bunch of draft
picks they use them and they trade for a
star so it just puts the Suns in good
position and not to mention the Suns
have four second-round picks in this
year's draft three first rounders four
second-round picks the Sun set seven
freakin picks in the 2018 NBA Draft and
that almost guarantees that the Suns are
gonna make another trade whether it's at
the trade deadline or whether it's on
draft night because there's no way the
Phoenix Suns are bringing in seven
rookies to the team that season there's
no way that team is even bringing in
three rookies next season I'd be
absolutely shocked and stunned if the
Phoenix Suns actually kept and used
their first-round pick Miami's
first-round pick and Milwaukee's
first-round pick I'd be willing to bet
right now that at least one if not two
of those picks are getting traded and
that's exactly what the Phoenix Suns
warm right now they're not a
championship team heck they're not gonna
playoff team they're rebuilding they're
trying to figure out their core for the
future so that's exactly what you want
you want caps face and you want draft
picks and that's exactly what we got
look at what Brooklyn did this summer
because they had a bunch of cap space
they took on Timofey Mozgov huge
contract from the Lakers and they got
rewarded with D'Angelo Russell in return
so that's what having open cap space
could do or if you're not using the cap
place in a trade just having cap space
could get you to get a big-name free
agent obviously right now Phoenix is not
the hottest destination we're not gonna
attract in LeBron James or a Kevin
Durant to come play for the Suns but
Devin Booker is close to a lot of NBA
players he has a lot of different NBA
players in his circle so Devin Booker
could possibly convince somebody to come
to Phoenix and that wouldn't have been
possible if we didn't have a lot of CAP
space so now that we've opened up cap
space and acquired so many graphics hey
you never know because I tweeted I said
the Suns have to trade these graphics
for a star there's no way we can draft
seven players and a lot of people were
tweeting me
Brandon which star is available no one's
available right now
well you guys are right no one's
available right now but who thought
Kyrie Irving was gonna be available who
thought Eric Bledsoe was gonna tweet I
don't want to be here what I'm trying to
say is that unexpected things happen in
the NBA all the time so right now there
could be no one available and we could
wake up tomorrow with some random star
player going to his coaching I don't
want to play here anymore I want to
trade and that's when the suns look and
say well we have so much gap space we
have so many draft picks let's make a
trade so that's what this deal does I'm
not gonna stay here and be like oh the
Suns ripped off the bugs we got a great
trade no because that's just bogus but I
really think that it's time to cash in
these assets for a star the sons have
been acquiring essence acquiring assets
acquiring assets for the past three four
maybe even five years and they haven't
really looked to cash them in they've
just been acquiring them acquiring them
well now I think it's finally time we
have the face of the franchise in Devin
Booker we have our core set with Josh
Jackson TJ Warren Dragan bender marquis
chris tyler ulis we have all these
players we don't need to bring in any
more big-time rookies we don't need to
draft a bunch of guys we don't need to
go out and sign players who we could
develop no I think it is time to cash in
our assets and acquire a star and that's
exactly what this trade enables us to do
so all in all I think this is a win-win
for both teams I think it's more of a
way from Milwaukee obviously and they're
getting a hell of a player and Eric
Bledsoe
trust me on that but I also think it's a
win for the Phoenix Suns so for all the
Suns fans who are down on this trade or
for all the NBA fans who are saying that
the Sun got ripped off please sit back
and look at the position the Suns were
in in my opinion we are lucky to get two
draft picks and Greg Monroe not to
mention
really say anything about Greg Monroe
except that he's an expiring contract
but he could actually help us this
season
worst case scenario he'll be better than
what Tyson Chandler has been that's all
I'm going to say from last but not least
to my guy Eric Bledsoe like I said I
already talked to him but I know him and
his brother they watch my videos so bled
I'm happy for you you're going to a
playoff team and sadly we weren't able
to make the playoffs in Phoenix I wish I
got to see you play in the playoff game
for the Suns but obviously that didn't
happen so you're going to a playoff team
you have a chance at making the all-star
team which probably wasn't gonna be
possible in the West and you're playing
with someone like me honest on to the
coupe oh so I'm happy for you bro and it
should be fun watching him in Milwaukee
for the Suns this makes me even more
excited for their future and like I said
for the position that the Suns were in I
can't be mad at this deal I'm excited to
see what we use these graphics for
because like I said the Phoenix Suns are
not bringing in that many rookies next
season there's gonna be another trade
there's gonna be a lot of movement on
this team and I just don't know if it's
gonna be in February at the trade
deadline or if it's gonna be in July or
June in the offseason so we'll see other
than that guys that's gonna close out
today's video I had to get my thoughts
on this trade I went to sleep last night
Eric Bledsoe was a Phoenix Sun I wake up
this morning early and everybody was a
member of the Milwaukee Bucks once again
if you're here to comment on this video
all these videos boring why did I watch
this I wasted my time hey it's not my
fault that you saw a title and thumbnail
of a basketball video and you clicked on
it expecting something different it just
that just makes no sense so but to all
my people who actually like watching
these videos shout out to you guys I
don't do them often so for those who
complain about them I don't know I just
I don't pay attention to that it makes
no sense I do these videos about once a
month if then maybe once every couple
months anyways guys Brandon here aka boy
bodies I am out and thank you so much
for watching this video guys and really
quick guys before closing this video
I'll officially I just want to say that
this video was sponsored by sea geek now
if you don't know what sea geek is you
got to get with the program guys it is
the cheapest fastest and easiest way to
get your tickets not only to basketball
games or football games or sporting
events but also to any concerts or
anything like that
that's who sends me over to all the NBA
games so all the vlogs you see
where I'm sitting courtside meeting all
these NBA players that is all thanks to
C geek and actually on top of already
being the fastest easiest cheapest way
to get your guys's tickets if you click
the link in the description down below
and use my promo code ba you actually
get twenty dollars back on your first
purchase so $20 back on top of already
having cheap tickets what more could you
ask for
see geek use them link in the
description down below and thank you
guys
