a lady does job like this is going and
then after she have them she took him to
the my place like over there bakery wait
she took the yeah she took him to the
bakery for the people to throw away when
you have a sweet tooth and you're
craving sweets do not come to the bakery
section I literally want to buy
everything here even diesel get on your
nose eat all right no my nose because it
doesn't look right you must hate the
bottles yeah right now by the wine wine
all right you let me know which one on
top the Iping god this is how all
parents use their phone they will inform
okay they open their eyes lose their
finger
you think I'm focusing on you at all or
what they play candy crush
can we open this put whatever you wanted
and I'll pull it over I want and there
we'll mix it open up the package and do
that I used to work over here and now
they yelled at you should get that one
off words in here no you trying to get
to the beer you know last time I was
here gets to the house buying but sliwa
gets it up Louis remember there's a
challenger hid in the bathtub yeah yeah
I remember that don't worry
oh good velvet cookies z bolt that was
our deal okay hold on did it lady drove
it okay so if this was our open I didn't
open it was already open and I take one
and I eat it technically is that
stealing or no
so borrowing it no so I'm not gonna give
it to my husband go through the toilet
they have all these cookies Hey look
we've been here for 30 minutes if
there's nothing in the car
gonna know you know the next time I go
to
shredding all the muffins a teller will
eat that choice to Naruto and this is it
man you can't fake leave a note saying
do not put this backups on the floor you
know why God rewards good behavior
well you just do away your milk cuz you
didn't drink what do you do drinking
milk I always smell some things I don't
mean it makes my stomach hurt like I
smart it makes myself like I'm gonna die
dumbass all the detergent I was looking
for when I paid you just said that you
know which one you're looking for
that's the only one they happen so I'm
standing here you know about to buy
detergent and I'm I'm just thinking
about life like damn I'm a cold who what
about the day would come where I'd be
here buying laundry detergent and going
home doing my laundry I remember back
when I was a kid my mom used to bother
detergent do the laundry and now you
look back you know cherish those moments
yeah old age sucks guys you know I'm 22
right now I can only remember a grasp
onto the memories of one out of the cake
and a teenager I remember Liza be a
teenager
one day you're on the go and being old
sucks you know having a lot of miles on
your body sucks like y'all gonna go up
at some point maybe one day all you guys
watching video will be buying detergent
so I'm a man of good deals so when I saw
that they said 59 cents it looked like a
case of six so I came here to grab the
whole case Jordan Jordan to you Jay Jay
why don't you tell me you were coming
here ain't no but really about 59 cents
you can't pass but he'll like that
and it's HFCS free whatever that means I
remember the good days when I was young
just be sitting here yeah usually
sitting in here like crying clapping my
hands at all like 15 years old
I'll let him walk away for a second for
one second little walk away Riley's in
of course Jackie used to eat number all
right here it's hidden in the back and
she milk chocolate no get mint chocolate
okay so I'm listening to the song that's
playing right now and it's like getting
me in my feelings and it's starting to
make me think about the time when I used
to be a kid and it brings me when I was
younger you know a lot of people my name
is Brandon they used to call me Raisin
Bran and like the song just play it I
looked at the cereal and I saw anything
when I was a kid and it was so easy okay
how old are you 21 - no you're not 21
no you're not that is I thought we
struggle getting into these clubs with
you
I'm not answering okay guys okay I'm 20
I'm 20 I'm 20 years old look when you're
old like me you're gonna wish you were
20 years old Dennis I'm 22 guys and I've
enjoy that way that way though see you
guys when you get all my meat you start
forgetting things fasting your memories
sure I'm still talking
is that all we own oh never mind I
thought it was a Leo he was crazy
everyone watching this enjoy your time
being young because that comes in gold
like this oh that little circle young
beach thank you
yeah we almost got ran over from the
front this was the most dangerous boxing
but it's late guys shout out to the bomb
squad we missed we rich life and death
for you guys so we love you I love you I
don't know about Dennis awfully quiet
there but I love you guys all the time
it is and it rhymes with court where you
need to go first of all before you go to
jail
stop but arrived at the court and the
second word is opposite of morning ride
with court and the UPS of morning
pouring court for an opposite of morning
night night fortnight yeah it's for
nighttime I'm gonna try to get my first
ever killed hey tell them before you try
to anger your Hall of Fame legend for
not clear you've never got to kill
either hopefully never loads tennis I
want to see this ever again after the
video when Brian tried to teach me like
I just don't know whoever made this game
of what drugs were they on like this is
hard roll in Call of Duty I used to suck
but at least I would get a couple kills
but how many kills have you ever got if
you lie on my show I'm gonna make you
show them your stats so you don't want
to lie to liberal squad because they
love you so I hope you love them 0 kills
and look what we have here some Cera's
wait Dennis is empty it's empty Dennis
how'd you eat all this in that short
amount of time doesn't matter when you
go poop if you're a man go to Tilted
towers
I don't know don't ask me call Brian and
asking for salary it's right there under
Luke wake I'm gonna play the game once
in my life as Brian would say look down
look down you about invest yourself in
front of 2.7 million members of the
Baraat squad oh my god I'm ready getting
shot at to the window what shield potion
oh wow
89 ready come from not bad not bad for
someone who says that they're a legend
at this game bro it's the same thing he
does predict we'll play something I'm
gonna place in 80 80 not number one I'm
not joking I don't know why I feel like
today I'm gonna get number one does it
make you faster waiting for players you
think we have all night midnight I like
Brian better than as he sees me I dance
or you going
dusty deep holes where's dusty depart
what about small town hey God how come I
can't land in like rust or scrapyard I'm
serious why is it only till two tower is
just a Depot freakin salty splatoon you
hear someone in there be careful don't
hit stuff and make you miss Yoko sure
you don't need it press the heart to
thing no this thing dumbass
no Jew cricket are to hold are to the
hitting thing the hitting thing the one
you sure we're
Brandon do you want to drink it or no
yeah hurry up okay now when people shit
on that won't die or what what are the
shoto should do I don't know
no go on don't make noise we have Raju
Lane is that real ended make a think
let's be no no press B click RB RB yeah
oh you have no equipment
how do eyes be loosely with someone you
know shooting at you why didn't I do
that we go I don't know okay now how do
I find the people where they where they
say that nowadays no no Benny I swear I
can't do this then it says the one who
died and freaking the first one I listen
oughta move Holly son number 72
where's the gun I had to find someone
open that treasure chest
where's the chest is behind you someone
opened it okay I'm not gonna get me
without a damn gun
it's a weird me she don't want until two
towers I heard they have good guns there
I swear but such open well someone told
me that there's a map with a basketball
court in this game can we find guns in
here no so where do I gonna damn god oh
is that a gun but we will or are those
like lights
is that a gun is a gun oh when the left
is a good they get that thing on the
right the ammo and then the thing the
brick so you can build stuff with it oh
how do I shoot Dennis Archer or what do
I find the gimpy way I think you might
have to go in the circle yeah that way
ya know if I see someone I'm sorry but I
would pray if I were them because it's
over and I'm winning this game number
one on Thursday I just drink emotional
potion doing mostly well they found me
it's not you it's around you there's
someone there be careful in there
because look there's stuff built around
in those be
you hear someone why you trying to scare
me wait check them over there
did you kill it no I know but doesn't
show you so kills you can't have all of
them so choose what you want wisely I
don't think it doesn't show you we kill
no fucker no way I think someone killed
like shot a grenade launcher we're next
how many people are left it's a zero I
know hey should I get the sniper wrong
it's hard to use we go ahead okay wait
check check the circle
Brandon press Brandon Brandon all I have
to do is press the top RB thing switches
grenade gun that's a grenade launcher
that's not no no ARP ARP ARP that's a be
careful you guys shoot it wisely 20 so
I'm a big coach where is everyone
I need a UAV we're sort of towers I'm
going there watch and go in the middle
that helps yeah he'll die guys I
actually feel like I'm gonna get number
one in this and I'm sending a picture to
Brian right when I get it I'm posting it
on my sword when we imagined my first
time ever number one victory Royale Go
game you gotta play as you don't worry
about me
you got bigger problems in life right
there on your right left right there
right there
you know you just exposed yourself city
he built something that shouldn't he
should know behind you right there no
this is not a joke there's not a joke
there's not a joke this is a joke you
don't ask sneak up behind me because
you're scared you'll face me in person
look and yet to switch weapons just to
kill me Oh ever just what she's doing
right now it's not right now that's all
your weapons you just freaky do they
build something fast Oh Dennis you know
what I just don't understand so that's
like a frickin missile launcher grenade
launcher like RPG right okay I shot it
closer than right it just didn't hit
them so right now if I had an RPG and I
shot it right next you at the couch are
you gonna stay alive okay you are let's
try it no it just makes no sense for
tonight
why yoga so right now it is about
midnight I just got a text from our
manager who saw my video a couple of
days ago and I have to bring this to you
guys's intention after Austin from the
ACE family put out his video where he
was looking for a challenger to play him
in a basketball game for $50,000 and so
I made a video saying hey you know I'm
willing to play I'm willing to compete
against Austin and see how it goes
obviously he's a much better basketball
player than I am obviously he has
college basketball experience so you
know it wasn't an easy decision to make
especially with that much money on the
line but knowing that it would benefit
charity so much I was just like you know
what win or lose I just want to play
Austin and see how it goes but it turns
out that my manager actually gave me
some information and I myself
me Dennis and the whole crew we are
about to do the first-ever Bravada store
starting sometime in May this store is
going to be going from May to June and
possibly into July and we're gonna be
doing at least ten cities my manager
looked into the situation and he saw
that Austin from the his family wanted
to do this basketball event in June and
my manager explained to me how number
one I'm still gonna be on tour and you
know me being you know basketball loving
and crazy I told my manager I said yo
I'll try to find a way to make it work I
was trying to find a way to you know do
my tour and also try to play awesome
this is all if he picked me by the way
he has not picked anybody yet but I was
talking to Bryan and he was like you
know oh there's a good chance that
Austin would pick you so this is all
saying if he didn't take me I'll try to
find a way it's still gonna be done my
manager said that number one was still
gonna be on tour
number two I'm doing ten shows but
depending on how all these show goes
what did he say I don't know Dennis
Dennis Trucks my manager more about
these things what'd he say there might
be a possibility of like oh he said the
dates were all blacked out so here's a
certain date to date words blacked out
where he can't make any like plans oh I
can do any deals I can't go like to an
event or something
so I guess my tour is supposed to end
like at the end of June but most of July
is also blacked out because of the
possibility of maybe extending the tour
just I don't know Dennis Dennis explain
this to me because I wasn't even on the
call who was Dennis on the call and so
you know I was trying to find a way
because I know Austin wanted to do this
in June and also gonna be on the tour so
I was gonna try to find a way to maybe
do it in July but then my manager told
me that the July dates are also blacked
out another thing my manager was
preaching was your branding
did your first-ever tour the tour you're
about to do for all your fans is a
basketball tour you need to be healthy
you need to be you know in one piece you
need to be in shape to do this and you
know God forbid obviously I'm not saying
that my manager jinx it or something but
he did tell me the possibility of let's
say I playoffs in and you know it's a
competitive one-on-one game so I get
hurt let's say I don't know maybe I
bring a harm when I tear a muscle like
you never know what can happen is it
worth putting my whole entire tour you
know rolling it away and pushing it off
for who knows
you can be so my manager was just like
you know be smart I know you want to do
this with the AIDS family I know how
much of a basketball but number one it's
during your tour number two you have
blackout dates during your tour and
number three you gotta be healthy you
know my tour is not gonna be me standing
up with a microphone talking to you guys
no it's gonna be a action exercise it's
a basketball yeah and involving all the
fans I'm gonna be running jumping it's a
basketball tour so I guess my manager
did make some good points as much as it
sucks because I kept like thinking about
this challenge it was something I really
wanted to do I really wanted to step up
and play awesome from the Aged family
like I said earlier most likely he was
gonna be he's really really good at
basketball we were watching in
highlights and Austin could play so you
know I wasn't expecting to win but it
was just an experience I wanted to give
myself think just just wrong place at
the wrong time I guess you'd call it but
one thing I do want to say is that when
I first made that video where I was
saying how I accept the challenge from
Austin honestly in my head I didn't even
really think that Austin was gonna see
it I didn't really think that people
were gonna reach out to the Aged family
that hard for me to play Austin but
after a couple of days I'm looking at my
social media and looking all over the
ace family social medias it really
proved to me like how much you guys love
me in that video I said that I wanted to
play Austin and I told you guys the per
watt squad I said please if you can go
tag us in and let him know that I want
to play him it would be appreciated and
like I didn't think you guys were this
crazy like I love you guys every single
saying what would I show you on my phone
Dennis like a hundred tags and people
yeah like you guys were the ones who
even made it possible for Brian to tell
me that Austin was considering it like
you it's you guys that made this
possible I don't care like if I'm good
at basketball or if I play a lot of
basketball that's not the point
Austin would have never noticed me if it
was not for you guys so thank you so
much it really does mean a lot and it
means that you guys really want to see
Austin for his branded paint versus me
so I feel like I'm disappointing guys I
feel like I'm letting
down by not taking the challenge but at
the end of the day of my tour comes
first the tour is the only thing that's
been on my mind for the past couple
months and I can't wait to do this for
you guys I don't want anything to push
back the date I don't want anything to
risk messing up the tour and I just I
just can't wait to meet you guys at the
tour so I guess this wasn't worth it my
manager didn't want me to do and
honestly now that me and Dennis are
sitting down you know thinking about it
it's just wrong place at the wrong time
I'd love to do it but it's just not
gonna work out thank you so much once
again if I let you down sorry
maybe one day I'll play Austin Bonita
pod guys tubes out runner up but
something I really wanted to do it
especially when I heard that there was a
lot of money going to charity I can't
wait to see new spaces as many tech
smells like ah but no he made some good
points my manager is right you know it's
not like I'm backing out for no reason
it's like I'm backing up so I'm scared I
just I just can't do it so often I hope
you find the right competitor I'm gonna
be watching that video or that
livestream whatever you guys show it on
you know I hope I hope everything goes
good and I hope you guys raise a lot for
charity and other than that guys Brandon
here aka waters I am out once again
sorry for bringing you this bad news I
wanted to play just as much and you guys
wanted to watch it I love you guys all I
really really do I love you guys my
Brandon
okay look when I say something mean to
Dennis everyone who killed me in the
comment section saying Oh Brandon
that's messed up all blah but what
Dennis says something means to me nobody
cares Dennis just said he doesn't like
me how about that you guys go roast him
and you do it on camera and ya know okay
God man you go along how many times you
call me dumbass every day just Cal oh
you don't have enough fingers to count
you use your fingers you're told your
ears your freakin eyelashes that's what
you need to use to count on the time to
call me dumbass yeah exactly so before
you guys must be for joking around with
Dennis this guy actually Dean he's the
devil not me hey what ended okay fine
say please please
dumbass I can never ever find the right
word just there's no way this is realize
there's no telling you're the right girl
oh so I can only say that it feels right
