here's a wish from all charger fans
Cowboys please win today the Eagles are
dad you saw that Eagles beat the Broncos
I'm sorry if your achieves or Raiders a
Broncos fan I don't mean to offend you
but I got a root against you guys the
Eagles already did us a huge favor we
got a hope
the Cowboys take care of business I'm
please tell them thank you so why does
this happen to me because of all the
ghost stuff that you do that's why yeah
it says brug we have been watching you
and we're coming for you and I found
this no literally under our mat right
here but you forgot to tell them what
was on the bottom of yeah there were two
pills taped onto the paper and I'll just
toss away let me check if we could see
them guys I don't understand what the
two pills like I don't know if they
thought my brother would be dumb enough
to like try the pills or what they
weren't Brian would you throw I have no
idea no way I don't understand there
were two orange pills taped on the
bottom of the note and just look how
creepy this handwriting looks runs out
yeah it looks like a little kid we don't
know if like we're being watched or if
it's just a prank
yeah I don't even if it is just a prank
it just looks like creepy and the fact
that it was found all the way out the
door so someone came all the way up this
close to our house right in front of our
door who knows at what time I'm not sure
anyone it's weird
I don't know guys Oh should we put the
son's game on it starts soon they could
watch the son's game cuz I'm something
good to watch her eyes like hey boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom and then
this one isn't cooked yet but boom jazzy
okey bazi we're not gonna cook you pros
of being Middle Eastern the food is
delish it looks good Brian what are you
gonna eat first the Gulf or kebab or
tomato or buffalo bus what yeah what
about tour she no I mean like a whole
vlog of just Kyle the internet here
let's try this could become solid
basketball and me hands I love
basketball
don't haze and baggage Amontillado it
love it
you love me so my mom has literally been
dying to see Benji she's obsessed with
puppies so she's been like begging me to
take Benji and I've been calling Brandon
and Brian literally for like an hour and
they're not answering I call their name
I called their phone so you know what
look who I have with me I have been do
with me and I think I'm just gonna take
him honestly I don't think they're gonna
get too mad I think it should be fine
huh he's so cute you guys okay doesn't
follow basketball now we're playing
basketball I think I'm in the mood today
to trap Brian and force him to watch the
sons game with me sons expert so they're
probably gonna get killed but you gotta
have faith the sounds are gonna win
today maybe
okay guys I'm with the victim you guys
so we gathered my whole family just so
we could all hang out with Benji mom I
brought him we might call another hair
oh thanks sir you better make it the
creepy people are watching okay if you
miss the shot you have to take the two
pills about the people I know well here
I'll be nice if you shoot it for my
school I like to take risk
I wonder what the hell those words for
the pill
no pill Brendan and Brian I'm not giving
this puppy back I can keep him Scotty I
ever meet Benji meet him put a whole
room just for Benji got a mirror of
Kirksey when I see himself I say me and
you watch the game in your room I
promise I'll only break two things
No all right that's not bad for a game
break like Brian has a newfound love
what game world war two holy shit I'm in
love a Call of Duty again like the good
old days if he says one and done then I
know it's playing call of duty
oh I haven't heard that in so many years
wait there's no way from play call duty
Brian there's no way did you just say
one and done
Brian I haven't heard that seems like
modern warfare 2 I used to be all the
way at the gym 15 minutes from my house
playing basketball I would still hear
you screaming one and done one and done
you're early - and through or is it 7:20
instance wall 7:20 ends to swap how do
you remember that shit because I
remember watching a trickshot when
someone didn't hit a shot real quick
let's see if a drug still got it
Oh instead 360 wait Brian if you don't
hit a sham leaving oh if you know how to
sell you have to watch the son's game
and don't lie what did you tell me off
camera Brian and I was trying to watch
the son's game such a good man you grown
up so well used to not watch son's games
okay
does he still eat the plant okay well
there's a plan thank you okay honestly
cure everything out of the plant cuz
this is what's supposed to be there and
look there's nothing here Benji so bad
unless he's sleeping on Bobby's bed no
he's not unless he's on the couch
have you seen Benji wait really I swear
we can't find him so at this point me
and Brian just thought Benji was lost
somewhere in the house like in one of
the rooms we didn't think he was
actually missing so we weren't panicking
too much we thought we were gonna find
him in the house Brian I don't know
where Benji is unless you have him I'm
not lying it's your dog am I supposed to
know and he's not allowed to go outside
right no just come look one time Brian
oh he might be chewing that thing in my
room oh never mind they put the bed to
cover it he used to chew this look at
half his bite marks just check outside
because that's not only place I'm in
check but he doesn't even have all the
shots to go outside right okay well we
have to bring him in by the way he took
everything from the plant so maybe try
to find the trails of the plant dad you
really haven't seen him my dad doesn't
know where he is
why is the door open I don't know about
Bosley's right there Bosley where's
Benji mom do you think Brennan and Brian
are freaking out I'm telling you I don't
need outside he's not even allowed to go
outside we never let him go on
I didn't take him Brian I swear I think
my dad might have okay guys hold on give
us one second because but I haven't seen
him in a checked my mom Jim wait where's
my mom Bo she might know where he is
guys I don't know where Benji I'm pretty
sure he's in the house he's super small
so we lose him all the time that's what
I'm saying
but remember one time we lost mom we
found him in my mom's room yet Benji
wait Brian no but but I swear to you I
don't mind your with you I'm gonna cut
right now I'm gonna call my mom because
my mom is a hearing hold on guys give me
one second M you took him Brian she has
him at her house wait he's out your
house right now there's no way we didn't
know Jackie taken Benjamin where was
Brian video wait why did you not tell us
so I did get in this cult you gonna miss
customer to way of holies bad were you
sweating I'm literally sweating because
I was so nervous
we were looking all around the house and
the door was open so we thought Benji
left bring my damn dog back good to know
at least you scared the SH out of us but
guys you should have seen when I turn
the camera off I got so scared
because I called my mom first and I was
like mom okay we know like you're
pranking us cuz my mom has a channel too
so I thought she was pranking us when we
started panic when did we not realize
Jackie took I don't know but I didn't
have Miss cause we both had me and Brian
were freaking out we were freaking out
so bad that we didn't even record it
because we were like okay this is soon
who me Brian I didn't know I swear
look and Brian I didn't want to say this
when we were looking for him but look I
was gonna say his last piece that he
left behind from the plant look I swear
I found it on the thing I didn't want to
say because we were scared but that's
what I was thinking I'm
like crazy I don't know if you could so
mom what are you cooking for us in this
fine afternoon I mean unless Anna and I
make a little piece you guys I really
trust the dog do you remember Don
Francisco the show we used to watch some
weird every time we go out she will go
and tell people that she's my sister not
my mom and I tried to match her but she
doesn't like me but my mom would
literally like ask me when I'm wearing
so I'll send her a picture and then I'll
see her and she'll be wearing it like
bread we might yeah but they just say
why then she tricked me and I quit I
wear white
hockey I could have killed you I except
for the tomato that you just draw me
Scotty might as well lick the plate
why will you guys look at his little toy
it looks like him Nicky this looks like
you he thinks I own a puppy store where
I could just get anyone
Scottie's in love with Bosley ha Scott
mom Brenna's not gonna like you anymore
Scott it's been literally 10 seconds oh
no you're not
ratchet scoffs Jack that lasagna girl
Jameel me if he wants to be thicker than
a bowl of oatmeal I already am they know
I'm not gonna give him back yeah but you
can't keep him forever mom it was just
like for one time I brought him I know
when I give it to you back and I'm sorry
you guys man jeez eating our pantoufle
which means slippered what number do you
think the sons will be this year do you
think they'll go into the playoffs yeah
Scottie you know I don't know if I ever
told you this but I love you so much so
they're going to the playoffs I don't
know though and Jackie I don't love you
anymore
love you huh bye
okay he's not leaving you can go mom oh
yeah I'm glad you're here
that mirror behind the door I got to
take that off are you do you want it yes
I love mom I said help me get him but
the Windies putting a little mom on I
think his name is mocha now
mom I'm leaving you guys I'm in love
with him okay you guys I gotta get him
home because Braden and Brian freaking
out he's like part latina you know I
just left because you know what they
were filming and stuff so I was like I
know that I interrupted dad Jackie had
Benji the whole time babe you don't
understand we were so scared Benji you
want to go by Brian let's go Benji give
me one
it's okay Benji it's just Bosley that's
your friend member did you have fun at
Jackie's house you weren't flirting with
her right because you don't want to get
on that side with me Brian look who's
back he's here he's alive and well yeah
now we're at the show on Nickelodeon
when they go further but he's Superman
he is really bad it's okay Jackie's here
too if you want to confront her just
joking oh my god so this wasn't his last
piece he left behind
okay Brian time to watch the son's game
I'm heading back home cuz I don't wanna
break too many of the items over here so
and don't forget Brian you watch the
sons game - I think it's funny now I
think it's funny at the time when we
were looking for him I was super scared
we put the camera down that's how scared
we were that's how real we thought it
was we thought we lost Benji and he ran
out did your mom like him though Jackie
said she flogged a lot for me well by
the time we're at this part of the video
you guys have probably seen the vlog
footage and I've already edited it so
whatever guys I'm about to go home right
now to watch the sons game so guys about
the sons game I was really excited to
watch all days
well Mel you go yeah I mean I watched
the whole game up to this point but it's
a little too hard right now next game
will win the next game Oh Mallory who
embody roll Mel can I hit my bird yo
guys a few things I want to say before
closing out this video first of all I
hope you guys enjoyed this video with
Jackie's family in the video when Jackie
came back with Benjie and she told me
how I flunked a little bit at the house
I thought maybe one or two minutes I
didn't know she pretty much filmed like
a whole vlog with her family so to her
family you guys are hilarious I'm
sitting here editing this vlog like you
guys are naturals on camera and then
Jackie it's freaking standing there like
a vlogger she's doing everything
perfectly I'm like okay Jackie J figs
the vlogger me and Brian were freaking
out what you guys saw on camera that's
what we thought Benji was in the house
so we were all common everything but
once the camera shut off and we started
looking warm we couldn't find him then
we saw that the door was open we were
like okay hold on
Benji is actually gone and we were
getting really scared but that's our
fault Jackie was calling us we weren't
answering our phone Cougar filming a
video for Brian's and then we just
forgot to call her back so it's it's our
fault our fault that's respect for
Scotty yeah don't get me wrong I love
Benji and everything but no one can
replace Bosley but anyways guys I'm
about to go play some basketball right
now I'm headed to the gym and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video let's just
forget that son's game ever happened
yesterday and uh they play again tonight
so yeah let's just pretend they never
played yesterday and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video drop a like if you
did subscribe to this channel if you are
new term pulse notifications off for new
videos almost every single day Brandon
here a cable artist and I love you guys
all peace
