what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bharata's and today I am bringing
you guys a brand new video if you're
wondering why I have this big smile on
my face today I am going around to some
fast-food drive-throughs and tippi the
employees a hundred bucks each there's
not really a specific reason why I'm
doing this but you know sometimes when
you're just alone and you start thinking
about things I'm not gonna lie I was
along today at home and I was just
thinking like I'm really really blessed
to be living the life that I live and
just so many blessings have entered my
life over the past couple of years and I
know I give back to a lot of people in a
lot of different ways and it's not
always on camera but I just decided to
myself you know I want to get back some
more today I just got in that mood so
when I pulled out some cash from the
bank and I'm hoping that the money that
I give to these people it helps them out
in a lot of different ways whether it's
to pay rent pay for their cards help out
their family however it helps these
people I just hope that it helps them in
a big way and I'm ready to do this I
can't wait I don't do this to brag or
flex or anything like that oh and one
last thing I want to say pat yourself on
the back because if it wasn't for you
guys watching my videos I would not be
able to go out and do something like
this so this is all thanks to you guys
pretty much you guys are giving this
money to the employees so I just want
you guys to know that the money that I'm
giving to these people however it helps
them out just know that you guys played
a huge part in this so I can't wait to
go and do this I'm bout to hop in my car
I hope you guys enjoy the rest of this
video drop a like if you're excited to
make some people's nice it's pretty late
right now too so I'm sure the people
working are probably kind of in a down
food it's a Saturday night and they're
stuck at their job working and this is
how I want to spend my Saturday now I
don't want to go out to a club I want to
go to a party I want to spend my
Saturday night helping others and that's
exactly what we're gonna do today so
drop a like if you're excited to see
this I can't wait to go do it and I hope
you enjoy the rest of this video
we got the girlfriend and we got the
best friend hey are you guys excited
you're pumped guys let's hit the road
you a lot of people don't know this
about me but I worked multiple jobs
before starting YouTube I had like four
different jobs I worked in food I work
those long shifts that these people are
probably working right now sometimes I
desperately needed money whether it
would be to help my parents or to pay
for my own stuff there were times when I
really really needed money and the money
that I was making just whatever really
cut it sometimes so maybe some of these
people are in the same position that I
was once in so we are headed to place
number one right now which where should
we head to first Oh
jack-in-the-box okay guys so the first
destination the first stop is going to
be jack-in-the-box
why should I really order food you gonna
drink me you know this video is all
about helping others why don't I help
Dennis - Dennis what do you want to
drink I'll drink me a burger
oh now that I'm thinking about it we're
in November
Christmas is next month it's holiday
season so maybe these people want to buy
some nice gifts for their family or
friends and like I said I was once in
that position too I wanted to buy nice
gifts for my friends and the money I was
making wasn't really cutting it so um hi
can I actually just get a water cup and
that's gonna be a okay thank you
she's gonna be like dude waiting in this
line just for a water cup this one just
for a water cup guys I don't know why
like I don't know what it is but I'm
actually so nervous right now you know
I'm nervous when I play with my beard
that's one way to know that I'm nervous
why am i nervous I don't get it no it's
I'm just sitting here and I'm nervous
you're nervous too yeah just when you
like I know I like we're getting closer
it feels like you're doing something bad
huh yeah that's what are you about to
get in trouble yeah why why do you feel
like that your jammer imagine me because
I've never done something good no much
oh yeah voiceover hand Dennis stop
you're making me more nervous bro what's
our and again I'm excited no you know
when you see a real cool so you like the
one and go on that so bad yeah when
you're in line yeah I feel I swear to
god that's how I feel you okay yeah this
always helps calm me down you
okay he just got his second bag of food
and he is on the move
oh oh he's checking his order I was just
wondering cuz I come here a lot I know I
see you guys work like really hard I was
wondering if I could give you guys like
the tip I was only if I could give you
guys like a tip because I watch you guys
working really hard there you go that's
for you for you don't believe me okay
if you guys take two okay it's up to you
it's all yours okay
no it's a tip for you guys yeah it's
yeah it's for you guys come here all the
time you guys work really hard so okay
yeah that's better okay thank you thank
you - shaking I swear in with shaking
guys okay hey she said you want change I
know like nose for you guys this is the
reason I do it did you see like their
reaction and how happy they were where
to next
sometimes you go to the store and you
get what you want like you feel excited
or you feel happy but it's like a
different type of excitement when you
like make somebody's night or just some
reaction on their faces I don't know it
just it feels so good and the fact that
she said she's splitting it with
everybody that yeah that's even better
so we are pulling up to McDonald's I
just hit a red light hopefully I don't
get in too much trouble because I'm
doing a good deed but they're tipping a
police officer I would need a lot more
than that to get out of that mess but
don't always has a long line I don't
know why maybe because it tastes so good
but it's so bad for you I'm hi can I
actually just get a water cup and 1
medium fries Dennis do you guys take
tips
oh really is there any way finally but
if you guys could like splitting oh hey
I respect her though but I respect their
boat - what
Oh Popeyes yeah okay we're gonna go try
Popeyes and we'll see if they take you
Popeyes low-key sounds good right now
buh buh we're gonna run how to space for
water cups if you think about I can't
keep ordering water cups won't have a
balcony okay okay let's do it
I'm not nervous anymore Dennis you were
the one making me nervous yeah and then
I was wondering if I could leave a tip
for you guys oh okay um if you guys
could split this between like whoever's
working here for you guys oh yeah of
course I see you guys working hard all
right dude you hear what I swear God
users laughing at least agree I don't
know what that was I swear yeah yeah but
okay let's see what's on our way oh we
could go to KFC yeah well all these
places sound so good I really had high
we'll see the best for last word since
we're in such a good mood today
let's go Denny's got again number two I
see
like Cadillac seats body like a bad Road
drive it with my going oh you want to
keep going no I'm gonna come on I want
Archipelago no one like a good one we
are at KFC the infamous water cup has
already been ordered and we are pulling
up to the window thank you I'll actually
wonder if I can leave you guys a tip
okay this is for you guys well you guys
could split it I see you guys working
hard boss come here all the time
all right Thank You Man uh-huh yeah
thank you we want to see for you
she what what there if there is I think
that it would be a good FBI agent yeah
yeah he gave me a huge water
I'm high can I actually just get a water
cup yeah please okay thank you
Dennis with all these water cups I'm
surprised I didn't pee my pants in your
seat yeah that's fine and then I was
wondering if I could leave you guys a
tip okay this is for all you guys are
you sure yeah thank you man I see you
guys working hard all the time
thank you so yeah yeah of course man
thank you
so now hey they're jumping I swear
they're jumping oh they're waving to you
you saw I wanna go say enjoy that don't
kill me
I'm trying to say it's 2017 the world is
a crazy place there's a lot of crazy
people in this world but it's nice to
see that there's still obviously a lot
of nice people and people who appreciate
things like it's refreshing to see you
know what I also love I love the fact
that
look up the amount and I like are you
sure like they were like so in shock
yeah they don't take it right away they
like they ask and I think that's just so
nice yeah okay guys so um what is this
looks like I'm okay guys so this last
way so I'm about to go to is like a
small little taco shell the small little
Mexican food place and when me and
Jackie first started dating babe how
many times wait this is the first place
we ever came to eat together
remember I'll trying to tell you we had
carne asada fries and you thought I was
weird because I sat next to you instead
of a cross because I was too shy to sit
across from you so I sat next to you so
you couldn't look at me eating the carne
asada fries yeah was super late at night
so guys my point is me and Jackie used
to come here all the time and the people
actually knew us I started watching my
videos and they actually had post
notifications on and I think that was
really cool so hopefully it's that same
guy working I see that the cooks in the
back
are ones that me and Jackie know so I'm
gonna ask if she can split this with
everybody working right now I feel like
that would be the nice thing to do so oh
we up next wait do we have any more room
for water Cup thank you and then I had a
question I'm not sure if he's allowed to
but can the cook come on please
yeah hey what's up buddy oh thank you I
wanted to give you a tip my girlfriend's
in the back - she's here - think about
it yeah of course Thank You beau thank
you buddy
we'll see you soon thank you buddy thank
you we'll see you soon - bye I know
what's in babe I told you it was him
because I'll never forget he had my post
notifications on when I first started my
channel I got there I maybe had like a
couple thousand subs and when he would
see me and Jackie walk in he would ask
us like Oh what do you do blah blah so I
told him and he's like oh look and every
time we would go he would show me on his
phone that he would have my
notifications on so cuz he like ten
twenty ten or any smile he's nice roll
yeah good no ha no he would always just
call me hey buddy or hey amigo okay guys
saw him back home now after that amazing
trip and there's something I wanted to
get into before closing this video out
so earlier in this video when I went you
guys saw how I tipped that guy $100 and
he seemed really really happy
well he started talking to me after that
and he started getting I don't wanna say
emotional but he kind of started getting
more in depth and telling me how much
did a hundred means to him and like
everything he had been going through or
whatever so I told Dennis to cut the
camera and I didn't want to put that
part in the video because like some of
the things he was telling me was just
kind of like I don't really want to put
it out there to the Internet and it was
actually some of the things that I could
relate to when I used to work you know
part-time minimum-wage jobs and it got
really emotional I'm not gonna lie and I
felt really bad or I don't want to say I
felt really bad but I felt like I wanted
to help this guy more and so what I did
was after I gave him the hundred I gave
him a extra $500 for a total of $600 for
him and I just feel like he really could
have used that money and I have no
regrets I mean he just started crying
he just he just broke down and I told
him I'm like bro after what you told me
like I feel like you could really use
this money
you could put it to use and I trust that
this money is going to the right person
and she just broke down crying and I
told him I said I couldn't relate to a
lot of the things you told me and sorry
guys I'm I'm like kind of getting a
little emotional talking about it but um
yeah I just feel like it's not right to
kind of show that on camera especially
some other things you saw me we're kind
of personal but it's just crazy cuz in
my head I was just thinking okay after
some of the things he was telling me I
feel like I can help this guy way more
and if you're watching this you deserve
it bro
I appreciate what you were telling me
everybody could use a little bit of
words of wisdom and you know what he
told me really got to me and I just feel
really good about myself right now guys
I think I'm gonna close this video out
before I ramble on too too much so all
in all guys we went to five different
fast-food joints gave away a total of
$1,000 I thought I was really gonna be
giving away 500 it turns out you know
something happened and I just I just
decided to do something different so we
gave out $100 each to four different
places and I'm giving one person six
hundred dollars all because of you guys
don't forget that anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed this video and please drop a
like if this video made you smile
because I I can't take the smile off my
face
I'm blessed enough to be put in a
position where I'm able to help people
so why not I'm not greedy I'm not
keeping all this to myself if I'm put in
a position where I'm blessed enough that
I'm able to help people that I'm gonna
do it
that whole Drive the whole trip just I
had the biggest smile on my face so I
hope you guys also had a smile while you
were watching this video if you did
please be sure to drop a like and
remember if it wasn't for you guys I
wouldn't have been able to do this so
just remember that you guys played a
huge part and then she sold time
yourselves on the back and be proud of
yourselves anyways guys subscribe to
this channel if you are new term pulse
notifications on for new videos almost
every single day I try my best to upload
every single day you know I help my
family alone I help my friends a lot I
help myself a lot but sometimes you
gotta go out and do stuff for other
like you don't know because you never
know what some people could be going to
our random time to their lives
Bannen AKA paratus I love you guys all
and I'm now pigs
