why wait timeout what score 1712 who's
winning and how much are you guys
playing for a hundred bucks right here
let's go and me and Jordan had a side
bet he put a hundred on Dennis I put 100
on Romo
no you didn't roll 18 13 guys their
reactions are so funny
hello Mel
does your paddle have a hole in it like
a circle wait why am i laughing I got
money on Romel
I'm standing up here by here good you
let's go
well no don't chose bow just like
earlier in the day you choke playing
basketball I don't let it happen again
okay Dennis 90 no i'ma grab out my
hundred let's see Romel point nineteen
if Dennis scores this next point that he
wins the game
this is comeback 2028 win by two right
in from Mel scores this next point then
he wins the game oh my gosh no Mel
game hey Jordan why you happy Gabe oh
god Robles so nice what did you just say
he can keep his money poor guy was
whining hey nice boys letting you keep
your money hey Jordan you know what just
pay me tomorrow how about that you're
not the baby today baby tomorrow I'm
just joking I'm not gonna make you hey
guys not only is real Mel nice letting
Dennis keep his money but he's also
smart he just found out that they got
showers somewhere here so we don't have
to waste any more of our water Dennis we
don't have to pay high water we gotta do
is wear a towel and run to here we just
got our shower over here but always
straight yeah no dennis is contrary
dennis is like a bets a bet I lost
here's your hundred and I wouldn't take
it
hey Ramon I respect you you're a good
ping-pong player not as good as me but
you're good I'm gonna leave what you
said when you throw the camera with the
odd hey listen guys honestly though
we're about to find out where we are
going to shower for the rest of our
lives because we're about to go pick up
our water bill it came in if the water
bill is high and expensive we're using
the gym showers oh yeah what about body
that's just shampoo no you just take it
for the tote bag here it's sick Oh
watching these two play video games
reminds you I don't play video games
let's go too much stress look at this no
what's the score
dennis is up two to 186 minutes okay the
refs gave three minutes extra oh c'mon
Romel last minute goal I need ring for
Benzema this is why I don't play video
games I have enough stress in my life to
add this just look at their faces bro
they added ten years to their lives just
playing one FIFA match yo guys so I just
finished watching sons vs. Knicks and if
you can't tell the Phoenix Suns lost let
me just say something okay first and
foremost Devin Booker dropped 34 points
he shot over 50% from the field and he
went 12 for 12 from the free-throw line
so he had a really good game then you
have porzingis vote let me just say this
pussying is it he's not human
there's no way you can be seven foot
three and moved the way he does he had
to have been created in a lab like
Frankenstein or something porzingis is a
beast like I'm a sons fan but I give it
up to players when they are good no
porzingis is more than good okay he
dropped 37 on the Suns and he he won
this game for the Knicks oh and TJ
Warren had what looked like a really
serious head injury I hope he feels
better put basketball aside I don't I'm
not saying I hope he feels better so the
suns can you know win more games I'm
saying for his health because he's had
multiple head injuries and head injuries
are scary that's nothing to joke about
so I hope he feels better but yeah man
the sun's loss and Booker did everything
he could he had 34 points he shot over
50% from the field but he just got no
help from anyone after a TJ Warren got
injured and porzingis is a beast you
guys I hate ants and they infested my
snack cabinet look they got in the honey
and the peanuts did they get in the cups
my home is infested by ants look we have
to check all the snacks no do we have to
get rid of the fruit by the foot
anything about the troop other foot
oh my side yes this was close
oh go we have to evacuate Dennis please
evacuate the building immediately ant
attack yo guys if you're wondering why I
have popcorn and my laptop and some
snacks it is because way they pull my
shorts up they're falling they're
falling thank you thanks but guys we are
going to spend the night at my mom and
dad's house because we're not trying to
get infested by ants in the middle of
our sleep I'm just joking the main
reason is because I miss my parents and
I miss Bosley and Brian so I want to go
spend the night over there I don't know
it was the middle of the night covered
in ants
if you're wondering why we have so much
food with us just spent the night at my
parents house because there's how much
food we would usually eat you wonder why
I have ends you wonder look at all the
snacks with eat every night from popcorn
make my shorts baby my shoes actually
please save my short spell stop you're
on your knees babe it's okay oh my god
Jackie freakin got on her knees to put
my shorts up and she was facing me and
it looked like the dirtiest thing and
there's a guy over here just saying look
you could hear right now look guys I
have to walk like this now because my
shorts are way too big you wonder why
the ends come we eat so much snacks
every single day we got kicked out by
ants oh yeah they're probably gonna
think we're leaving just because we
found them in the snack cabinet you know
guys they were literally all over the
bathtub okay all over the sink pretty
much have you seen that sort of
spongebob one the things he in his whole
home that's how my house is there were
ants everywhere I can't believe we
didn't show in the vlog
snack cabinet so now you guys are
probably think we're dramatic but they
were everywhere whoa guys we let ants
kick us out of our home whatever
happened to being strong and having
heart and sticking up for yourself we
like we got kicked out by ants we're on
the way to my mom and dad's house I keep
using this ant excuse but honestly I
just missed my family and I want to go
see them so what please don't tell me
you think the ants found my secret snack
stash by the side of our bed you know
guys I have a secret snack stash that's
on the side of my bed there's gate array
there's takis root snacks and I keep it
there so that when I wake up in the
middle of the night you know in the
middle of the nigh PE that everyone has
around 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning I
just wake up and I'm literally half
asleep but I eat all my snacks
hopefully they didn't find that it's bad
enough they found my real snack cabinet
hopefully they don't find my secret of
all things they had to find the snacks
they couldn't have went to the couch or
the TV they had to find the snakes who
invented ends
and there's a basketball game on right
now that I'm not trying to miss and the
fourth quarter just started so we gotta
speed it up a little bit Brian okay now
for sure exposing you could you a my
chips guys so I pulled up into the
driveway and I was thinking how am I
gonna get into the house I don't have a
garage opener but then the garage is
already open because I saw Brian and
Molly sitting in a tree ash from Pokemon
Pokemon go catch them
I'm Paul are you a happy that I came
back the exits that way hmm
fine I can't go back home I'm gonna get
you in by into the middle of the night
they were everywhere I swear before we
go to school you'll get mad at us I
think a lewdly food night no Polly we
added another memory of me and you when
we were younger and I'm trending we
remember when it was when you did the
swan song Baltimore me Brian is that you
okay stop eating my chips there's why
don't come back ash so where's Bosley I
think he's sleeping in the room you
boss you okay go back to sleep you look
scared
sorry you know I had to spend some time
with Bosley he probably hates me right
now okay buzz you want me to leave I'll
go but let's see the shirt let's see the
shirt Wow
deed book not like I forced you to buy
that or anything no I did it I might
have paid for it I forced you to buy it
look I might actually sleep close to you
tonight because you're wearing the
booger shirt oh wait if Jackie's right
there
Danny's shout-out to Papa Rock and Mama
Rock for the breakfast Bosley no my
daddy he wanted me to move back here but
the way I'm beating him is basketball
dad I don't think you want me to come
back
doesn't to see my face and the last skip
for the sleep asked for by my dad no
yoke I saw him back home right now to
close out this video we came back and
there was actually still a bunch of ants
not really by the snack cabinet but more
in the bathroom and we just sprayed it
all off with raid but I think I'm gonna
have to call the leasing office because
it's there literally all over the place
and they won't go away answer annoying
they're like they won't do anything to
you but at the same time they're just
like oh you don't want them crawling all
over your body anyways I just want to
say that I had a great time spending the
night back at my family's house it felt
like the old days like I went I hung out
with Brian I talked to my mom for a
little bit spent time with Bosley woke
up had breakfast made by my mom and dad
and then I played basketball with my dad
it was just it literally felt like the
old days when I used to live with them
and as happy as I was to do it it
actually made my parents more happy they
kept telling me oh my gosh thank you so
much for coming you felt like the old
days and they were really happy so all
in all shout out to the ants for taking
over my apartment now like I said
earlier in the video it wasn't really
because of the ants I just want to go
back there and sleep there I missed my
family I missed seeing all of them and
it was just a really good time anyways
guys thank you so much for watching this
video I really hope you guys did enjoy
drop a like if you did subscribe to this
channel if you are new turn that little
bell on post notifications to get my
videos almost every single day I try to
upload every single day
and I love you guys all but one squad
Brandon aka bharata's and I'm out peace
