go Ollie shows your move hey Dennis
we've never seen you in Y but looks good
what up are you thanks for the slipper
Ollie what did this mannequin challenge
1910 we're up about it
participation team effort so when I
surprised Jackie with a ring that she's
wanted for a really long time not a
wedding ring or a promise ring nothing
like that it's just a really nice ring
and I surprised her with it
Jackie decided to post a picture of it
on her Instagram story and who does she
had added on Instagram her mom so her
mom saw the picture of the ring and of
course Jackie puts it on her ring finger
and yeah let's just go from here
Jackie's mom is calling because Jackie
post a picture and her mom saw the
picture wait tell her that it's a
wedding ring pranker oh my god she's
gonna kill me
sorry I forgot I know I could my phone
for some reason isn't working no I'm at
like a really nice dinner I have to tell
you something can you do me a favor go
on my Instagram and just watch my story
hello she hung up she said not to
Brandon okay call her back call back hey
so did you see my
no I'm busy I can't say some here I'll
decline it okay wait um did you see my
Instagram yeah I'm at like this this
rent yeah but did you see the Instagram
no there's another one go on it again
was it Benjy or Bosley Benjy you never
give Bobby any clout it's just a nice
animal for permission teller is just a
ring you wanted to buy I know it's not
she doesn't know she doesn't know that
it's a joke yeah
you said let me tell my mom is a wedding
ring mom is a joke did you imagine Scott
does away right now to take jacket move
my god we can't so Jackie don't keep
going this like it's just so rich it's
just a ring that you wanted so I bought
it for her but it's not a wedding ring
no you can't do without permission I
know that don't worry yeah you just
ruined her horn okay let me just say -
mama figs when you watch this okay it
was both of our idea to let spraying her
mom but after like 30 I told Jackie
after like 30 seconds or one minute just
ended Andy and Jackie kept it going I
was like I feel bad yeah six minutes
yeah your mom hates me hey bye Lisa I
know your mom likes me she was so happy
Scott he finally cut his being stir got
a cold beer it just so that he can do
more that is the Captain Jack Sparrow
yeah and then my mom where were you I
was actually you were a different I was
never I got scared yeah it was the
predicate and then just I would say um
senior ditch
so what were you guys thinking when I
told you I was engaged like what was
your first thought I'm gonna say my
first thought because I know your mom
you might want to send you in me because
I was so like nervous and is like
grabbing his arm my national I was like
how come I was not there to see it I
could she told me you are it's a nice
place really takes me just him and me
and I you know is something going on
Scott knows me I'm a gentleman I
wouldn't do it without asking for
permission he is a squirrel squirrel
squirrel pee no she's just like me when
I can't pronounce things we don't say it
say the animal of the sharp teeth in the
water in Florida
anyway let's close out this segment know
I had a question so at the end of the
day if it was real happy or mad
I'd be very ecstatically happy I'd say
that's like the second biggest thing
you're like I have ready a bottle of
champagne right there waiting you know
okay so she has a bottle of champagne
waiting she's ready she thought it was
so real as she's pop did we drink it and
put her back keeping the top back on so
a little bit of pressure on me I need to
see this
like an interview you're gonna decide
what I do so that the interview for the
first five seconds I know yeah what did
you make Brendan do the first time he
came to the house come to the house
because using the car I said make it he
made me clean the counter the kitchen
counter Jimmy brought that up how many
times in a row after that because
usually I'm supposed to get interrogated
with question itself not clean a table
jalapenos to eat spicy I remember the
first time I knew then you know what no
it's fine I did good I lied and said it
was a holiday requirement for you you
can pause actually for real okay well I
will beam I want to see you stressed out
oh you saw no basketball sure oh okay
fine don't see don't you saying I'm just
upset I can't do it in basketball shorts
I can't ask him about what does my plan
all along because most likely y'all have
that you'll be at the gym of the ball
they're a great way if you can put
together have a hole okay so one is for
engagement one is for wedding or the
show we watch oh okay
and these look could be formated on just
okay just in case this is pressure all
this talk of marriage and all that the
bottles are ready
oh that's when the sons win their first
championship that's for when that is
first championship for the sons yes my
sister where were you yesterday rolling
look like Princess Fiona
maiya not lay low and shame lay low with
Katy Perry in here no I was look like
this far more scared I know that's what
I was thinking that and everything it
was bad I just said they look at this or
ago that's monkey get your shoes out the
way that looks ratchet with your shoes
there you go on your right right right
knee and then your left knees up right
now you're right okay okay guys so I'm
in my brother's Lambo for the first time
well I should say sitting passenger for
the first time cuz stole my car I did a
stolen car but if I hit your car
Brian careful but anyways guys I see
Brian attached a GoPro right there Brian
if only I had huge boobs we could have
done a reacting to a Lamborghini launch
pusher oh my god
okay guys two things one so much
pressure was put on to me after that
talk with her parents if I thought I had
like
couple years to propose to Jackie all
that just zoomed into okay Brandon you
gotta speed this whole process up
because I thought her mom already had
like champagne bottles ready from when I
proposed ready to pop I swear and the
other thing I wanted to say is you guys
might think I'm joking but I was being a
hundred percent serious one her parents
test to see if I was a good boyfriend
like when I first met them I kid you not
I was expecting to walk into the house
and you know get interrogated with a
bunch of questions nope
Scottie's test was giving me paper towel
and Windex and having me clean the
countertop and see how good I can clean
it and then he inspected it so carefully
inspected it like this and I had
actually missed a spot I was so
embarrassed and her mom's test was to
see if I could handle spicy food she
made me eat jalapenos on the outside I
was like oh these aren't even spicy on
the inside I was dying and I couldn't
show it so those are the two tests to
see if I was ready today Jackie and I
did good
I think but anyways there's a son's game
later tonight Suns and Nick's you
already know I'm excited for that I love
watching the son's play so I can't wait
to watch that anyways thank you guys so
much for watching this video drop a like
if you enjoyed it's always a good time
seeing Jackie's family and putting them
in the videos cuz I feel like you guys
don't really know them that well they
haven't been in too many of my videos so
any chance you guys get I feel like it's
good let me know what you guys think I
think they're hilarious they're really
really nice really cool and super funny
so anyways subscribe to this channel if
you are new drop a like if you enjoyed
thank you guys so much for watching
Brandon aka every wadis I'm out and I
love you guys all Pete's
