guys the sons are up by four with a
minute and 50 seconds left
please win this game yes oh my gosh 39
points 39 Lincoln 39 the Thunder up by 6
with a minute and a half now I'm gonna
mine on the sunscreen but I didn't think
we're gonna win this game I felt we were
gonna lose this game how much are we
down by 22 22 points we were down on the
road and we came all the way down
learning that pony the Wizards are a
good team I'm really impressed with the
sun's right now came back from 22 points
down against a good team on the road and
longest game careful Suns do not turn it
over I love this team I love the Phoenix
Suns I love TJ Warren I love Devin book
everyone the new coach J Triano
I love him too Oh God they found TJ
Warren he has 39 points so he just needs
to make one for rewarding TJ 40
give him some cloudy baby it's a great
life I'm happy
welcome to TJ's fabulous the Phoenix up
baby now time to watch the second most
important game of the night my dad was
going crazy we're watching my son's game
he's like Brandon Game seven of the
World Series what are you doing watching
the Sun and everyone on Twitter was
going crazy on me because I'm here
tweeting about the Suns game and
everyone tweeting to me saying bro you
realize the World Series is on and I'm
like yes yes I do
after the Suns win father you're
supposed to be happy with me if I'm a
Suns fan your Suns fan after the Suns
way okay okay I'll stop I'll stop
let's see who's better the old man or
the rug you there you go I got one more
for fun
oh geez this is what I call a true
friend he's making all of us watch my
video is it because you want to give me
extra view or it's only because you're
in the video so you want to watch it so
yeah guys swipe up right now to watch
this video be sure to check it out swipe
up and I'll lead you straight to the
video are you gonna watch the ads too
you're gonna watch all the eggs
boom jackpot baby bro thank God we got
haircuts the day we made this video look
at Dennis's fade bro Dennis you're lucky
looking like Drake bow the Chaldean
Middle Eastern Drake shout-out to this
light boom this guy boring videos while
we watching him let's watch a more
entertaining youtuber boo is this guy
don't laugh if you laugh you lose go but
don't laugh if you laugh it's over
wasn't that funny these are exactly the
tweets I was talking about like this
tweet says everyone tripping over the
Dodgers then you have bruh wadis
watching basketball like nothing
happened
Dennis so the shipment of your bed was
supposed to be here a while ago
I apologize for that but oh it's
actually not bad yeah he said thank you
my god
Dennis bought a table to put his TV on
and he left the table in the box and put
his TV same oh my god you might as well
have just bought a cardboard box
oh let's tell them what we're about to
do Danny's got an Amazon package hey
what's the Amazon Prime yeah Amazon
Prime I think must be important so Dan
don't open it I know you're tempted you
keep looking at it like you're going to
open it Dennis got a package sent to his
room and he never ordered anything and
they send it to the wrong room what did
you forget it wasn't supposed to be for
Dennis but good thing the room number is
on there so me and Dennis are about to
go deliver it to the room and give it to
the person who actually belongs to
I know Dennis I can see in his face he's
so tended to open the box
we're not gonna open it imagine I'm
walking all I hear is it happy the magic
it's appear like ez-zor something that
is tongue crow Dennis
no no no don't now just leave on the
thing he's gonna think you frickin stole
from his room or something okay it's
like we dingdong ditched yeah it's like
we did anything there and if you look
like a nutcracker you know the Christmas
ornaments Dennis what's wrong
bo Dennis Dennis it's so freakin scared
he picked one of his scabs let me see it
yeah but let me see your fingers both
stop touching and that's disgusting you
never know what you might have you live
alone now and so one day later and I
think Dennis decided it was finally time
to actually put his TV on the TV stand
well technically it was on the TV stand
the TV stand just wasn't open it was in
the cardboard box
yeah what's always on the TV okay guys
so this dude right here are you first
and foremost one of my biggest
supporters whenever he talks to me about
my videos it's like I'm talking to
myself like he knows so much about me he
comes to all of our games at ten
I guess he brought me a gift so I
haven't looked yet and you want to give
them here just open the box I told him a
million times you don't have to and then
when he told me the price I was like no
I feel bad okay you want me to open
okay so I could tell their slippers he
knows I love my socks and sandals socks
and slippers
so okay first thing I see is bra lot is
on the side so they're custom oh that's
nice and an orange zero my number seven
oh my god guys look okay I already know
the day you don't have to tell me what
this day is I already know
so it says seventy that's how many
points Devin Booker scored in a game and
then three 2417 March 24 that's the day
swear to God oh my god guys this is
crazy
these are you customize these yeah
that's not bad but you should be a
graphic designer
I don't have any Devin Booker and
robotics customized freakin slippers is
crazy I'm like scared to wear them
outside said I get dirty I just want to
wear them inside the house they feel
comfy - I thought they were so expensive
I thought oh my god thank you so much
yeah hey she comes in every single game
every game no matter what time so I
appreciate it bro thank you three two
one douche look oh my god that was scary
wait while I try it again
three two one Boosh luckily giving a
ride home - shout-out to our you for
giving me the slippers watching since 30
K a lot of people are gonna say he's
lying and you guys probably won't
believe him but trust me
I met him soul he was one of the first
fans I ever met and when I met him I was
like wait you want to take a picture
with me like I don't have that many
subscribers he was like yeah watch and I
was like oh thank you bro so we're
giving her a ride home okay guys so we
just made sure
Arya got home safely when his parents
weren't able to pick him up and who
knows how long he would have had to wait
at the basketball court if we didn't get
Mariah yoga a shout-out to my girlfriend
for making me this hot teeth every time
after a son's game the next morning I
have to drink a hot cup of tea because I
yell so much when
not shrek the other green things Hulk
why can't I just be normal normal people
sit like this and watch sporting events
if their team wins they go nice nice and
if their team lose they go uh we'll get
them next time but why do I have to be
crazy tell me which other person do you
know that after every single of Suns
game after drink a hot cup of tea or
else I lose my voice so shout out to my
girlfriend for being there for me
with a cup of tea after every single
son's game I'm crazy guys don't don't
follow my footsteps I'm crazy okay guys
so if the closest video I'll I just want
to get into a few things first thing I
wanted to get into because a lot of
people were tweeting me and commenting
on my videos saying Brandon where's the
basketball game where are you supposed
to play and especially after seeing me
in my Jersey and my basketball game
clothes well let me just tell you really
quick so Tuesday it was Halloween and I
didn't think about it we didn't have a
game on Tuesday but I still went cuz I
didn't know that so I went there and I'm
waiting for my teammates and I started
texting them and there was no game on
Halloween so I was just standing there
in my Jersey and my basketball shorts
and that's what I saw are you aware he
gave me the shoes second thing I wanted
to get into and this was crazy yesterday
me and Jackie pranked her mom and look
instead of getting too much into details
I'm just gonna show you a little preview
and this video is going to be up this
weekend it could be up tomorrow it could
be up Saturday or it could be up Sunday
all I'm gonna say we pranked her mom and
you guys do not want to miss this video
anyway guys I hope you're hyped up for
that video again it's going to drop this
weekend last thing I wanted to get into
guys today is day 11 or day 12 of the
aired blood so I don't want to be here
tweet and he has still not been traded
he is selling the Phoenix Suns but today
I woke up and saw a bunch of rumors that
Eric Bledsoe might be getting traded to
the Pistons the Pistons want to give us
Reggie Jackson in return
No No Phoenix do not take on Reggie
Jackson look I'm not sitting here and
saying Reggie Jackson sucks because he
doesn't he's a really good player he
just doesn't fit on the Phoenix Suns you
know what Reggie Jackson is he's just a
worst version of Eric Bledsoe he is a
poor man Eric Bledsoe he's an iPhone
player he likes to control the ball he
likes to take over the shot clock and
the Suns don't need that right now the
past couple games they've been moving
the ball around passing it around and
when I tweeted no to Reggie Jackson all
these I'm not gonna call them fake fans
but all these uneducated fans came at me
like what the head abroad is are you
dumb Reggie Jackson would be perfect
blah blah blah and I'm just sitting
there like no he wouldn't and guess what
five seconds later a trusted NBA source
said that the Phoenix Suns do not want
Reggie Jackson he said that if Reggie
Jackson is attached to a deal that the
Phoenix Suns want to send them away to a
thirteen so all you fans who were coming
at me saying who do you mean you know
what Reggie Jackson he'd be perfect in
Phoenix okay then keep thinking this oh
no I don't want Reggie Jackson and he's
under contract for longer than Eric
Bledsoe so we'll just tie up our cap
space honestly we don't need that right
now the other thing I read is that
absent Eric Bledsoe trades that the
Phoenix Suns could possibly go after
Jalil Okafor and I wouldn't hate that
he's 21 years old he would be a nice
pickup for this team so so the suns
could do that and I would be happy with
that bro I'm in love with these let me
see them one more time but what is on
the sides seventy seventy and the day
that Devin Booker drops and Arya is
smart he's creative I wouldn't know
they don't want to see you fog okay
thank you
he actually put 70 with the day with my
name that's creative I'm in love with
these but I wasn't happy with how much
you paid for them you spend too much
money I never want like even one when I
used to have a boss and people gave me
gifts and spend a lot of money on me
obviously I appreciated it a hundred
percent and like it was amazing but I
used to feel so bad when people would
spend a lot of money even even a little
bit of money a lot of money like I don't
need you guys to spend money on I make
videos for you guys not expecting
anything in return so I get upset when
people go out of their way and you know
spend their hard-earned money on getting
me gifts but I so appreciate it so thank
you and I'm in love with these yo guys
before closing this video I just wanted
to say that this video was sponsored by
C geek if you don't know what C geek is
it's a ticket app where you can get
tickets to your favorite concerts or
sporting events and that's the company
that sends me to every single Phoenix
Suns game that I go to and hey the
Phoenix Suns are coming down to LA to
play the Lakers in a couple of weeks and
I live pretty close to LA so see geek is
going to send me over again to the Suns
vs. Lakers game and I appreciate that
very much
not only you see geek the fastest
easiest cheapest way to get your tickets
but if you click on the link down below
you can use my promo code be a and you
get twenty dollars back on your first
purchase so once again they're already
the cheapest and easiest way to get
tickets plus you get twenty dollars back
if you use my promo code use C geek and
thank you c geek for sending me out to
all the son's games thank you guys so
much for watching this video
thank you aria for the slippers I really
really am in love with them subscribe to
the channel if you guys are new drop a
like if you enjoyed Brandon aka
everyoneís I am out I love you guys all
peace
