wait what we supposed to sit like this
for the intro or where we supposed to
change what we started because it's kind
of all now like this okay fine what is
going on you guys branded here in
Canberra waters and today i am bringing
you guys a random video with my boy
Dennis wait my boy Benny's for today's
video
me and Dennis put together a couple of
clips and they're supposed to make
people laugh
so me and got his have then it's come on
you're new to this whole YouTube thing
okay so when I put the bottle up you put
it up I think okay so what we have next
was today okay yeah that's good it's two
water bottles and we're not just gonna
watch this and try not to laugh
regularly like this we're gonna have
water in our mouth and we're gonna be
truck Dennis this is disrespectful bro
what he's wearing my probiotics apparel
that I'm going to be spitting all night
you want to tell me so oh I'm just glad
the Phoenix under one today because if
the Phoenix Suns lost I would have been
sitting here like this the whole video
you think I don't laugh but no the
Phoenix Suns washout did you have a
booger 30 point game you can't laugh on
purpose you guys just to spit water on
me damn I'm not so whoever spits the
least when to game okay guys so without
further ado a do we win anything you
want to do it for something hmm
we can do cash tennis I Hori dare cash
okay fine next time we play basketball
if I win I never have some passing the
ball if you wait you never have to know
I like them I don't know okay will do
how much 500 500 cuz I don't laugh 500
bucks right now in this video Danny's
okay that's only if I win oh as you lose
how much $5 no oh nothing I'm gonna
shake on it yeah 500 okay alright guys
so now they try not to laugh challenge
for $500 whoever laughs the least amount
of time swings without further ado
guys let's get these videos playing and
try not to laugh haha name is okay no
don't look at me bro I'm gonna laugh
just watch the video okay I'll touch you
or do anything on purpose I'm good
water stop it don't wanna please wait do
we get goggles okay
okay okay
I lost okay guys hold on I can't help
but laugh look at Brian no you left
water speed on the air with the waters
Nancy Angela Danny you know the first
thing laughing as wise Brian check if
anyone's holding the cut in the cabinet
oh my gosh oh it's so high okay
oh my god
this is not fair Jenny's was whistling
this tune he's the whole time before we
started this video I can't now Milo so
he was whistling at the hold on so right
when I heard it I had to laugh oh my
gosh looking ok it's two to one
you're winning I have to laughs no why'd
you say $500 not scared to laugh yeah
that lap it was supposed to be a happy
feeling not asking Dennis you're
literally drowning look at oh it's too -
okay God so Dennis laughs first I left
right after him and I guess the rule is
I didn't even make me subs it's coming
from Dennis if you laugh after somebody
lives and it's okay so I didn't lose a
point so to to to we has retired late
using that it's not my fault laughter
anything over here okay oh there's one
on my black dog oh my gosh
whatever it was over you know what so
it's three to two I'm in the lead oh
let's get the water at the h2o the agua
house trying to do
so I win the championship for my team in
my basketball league and I get a t-shirt
but this guy gets a trophy for making
the ugliest face on earth he gets a
trophy my something happened to my ear
when I almost laughed and then I did
laugh and I almost swallowed the water
and something like my ear popped I swear
I don't know it was a it was bad really
this gallon and it like something I
don't know but what is this I don't know
okay so three two to grow this video is
one minute long we're halfway through it
and this is the last video so if I don't
laugh for 30 seconds I win Danny you
didn't watch and then you come with a
thousand oh my god guys like you
sir cuz I actually laughed after you
laughed on me and wild laughing you come
up to my face ago no Danny when the
babies oh my gosh okay so wait you lost
that one right oh wait the video maybe
your life - wait what's the score it's
you have app - so there's only 15
seconds left in the video so what if
left 2 times in 15 seconds okay you're
gonna mean the last 2015 say yes you
freakin okay though I have to look at
the video can I just look at you okay
let's go 15 seconds left
whoa your shorts are wet you're running
the risk of losing 500 bucks go you
better vote my last two times
mm 15 seconds this game reminds you of
when you're playing hide and seek and
you know when you feel the will you call
the devil the one who's it it feels like
one of the person who is it you hear
they're forceps and they're about to tag
you that's how you feel with something
funny happens and you know they're gonna
freaking spit okay 15 seconds left
I wouldn't I let go guys
no that's not fair hold on let me put
only say one thing itself anyone but
he's dry I'll get a little bit wet and
look at me that's because I spit on your
clothes because I'm nice you city's my
face anyways guys Dennis laughs four
different times I will have two times
making me the winner and Dennis um
hopefully the cash isn't too wet because
casual look okay you know what
have you ever heard of someone being
nice how about we go about it this way I
don't need the 500 bucks Dennis thank
you for making this video with me we had
some good laughs good man hey this is
when you're supposed to say no bro come
on we made a bit okay let's try that
over Dennis you don't have to pay me the
500 bucks oh we had some good laughs we
made a good fit Dennis you're supposed
to say oh yeah well you don't think that
seriously are you it was funny we
freakin blast and what we have to do is
water why couldn't we just do regular
laughs like regular people but no we're
crazy
so Dennis thanks for making this video
with me guys I hope you had some good
laughs from this video I hope you guys
enjoyed watching it
I've never done one of these before and
I just thought it would be a really
really funny thing to do it's Halloween
night we have no plans because we're no
lives but I think I'm gonna watch the
son's game again oh hey it was a son's
way okay guys I make Dennis what's the
wholesome game with me
but anyways watching this video I hope
you guys are not all having an amazing
Halloween I hope everybody who dressed
up looks amazing in their costume and I
hope everybody's safe because there are
some crazy people out there on Halloween
and subscribe to this channel if you're
a new Brandon here aka robotics I'm out
I love you guys all
Dennis you send it from esa you
you do this and I'm out peace and you
forgot to say I love you guys all I love
you guys all you guys thought I was
joking about wanting to watch the game
over again guys it's 11:20 right now are
you happy I just want to see a Devin
Booker 3 and then I'll end this clip oh
okay fine a step back is nice enough
