what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka four waters and today I am bringing
you guys a brand new video first of all
before I get into the video I just want
to wish everybody a happy Halloween and
if you're going out tonight whatever
you're doing have fun enjoy your time
but also remember be safe because
there's a lot of crazy people out there
especially tonight so for today's video
as I'm sure you can tell from the title
and thumbnail where me myself Brandon
aka bharata's thinks eric bledsoe
is going to get traded for those who
haven't really been following the NBA
and don't really know about the whole
situation Eric Bledsoe sent out a tweet
saying I don't want to be here and
everybody knows he was talking about
being on the Phoenix Suns the Phoenix
Suns sent Eric Bledsoe home he is no
longer traveling with the team he's no
longer playing for the team no longer
practicing with the team so now the next
step is finding Eric Bledsoe a new home
trading Eric Bledsoe this whole process
I know a lot of people are getting
impatient but let me just tell you it
could take a while and let me tell you
why because every single player that was
a free agent this summer and signed a
new deal cannot be traded until December
15 and a lot of people might think oh
well that's only a couple players that
you know we're free agents and stuff
well no there were almost a hundred and
fifty players that fall under that
clause and that's almost 30 percent of
the whole entire NBA so then you have
the Phoenix Suns general manager who is
trying to trade Eric Bledsoe but thirty
percent of the NBA's off-limits until
December 15 so it's kind of hard to make
a deal right now I'm not saying it's
impossible hey for all we know I could
go to sleep tonight and wake up tomorrow
and Eric lentils traded I'm not saying
it's impossible but it would be a safer
bet to think he's going to be traded
closer to you know Christmas time but
there are some pieces in play right now
that could have very little traded
sooner rather than later and me being an
Eric Bledsoe fan I'd rather see him be
traded sooner because it's not fun
knowing that one of my favorite players
is you know sitting at home not playing
on an NBA team when the season is going
on so I'm gonna have my
list of three teams where I think he's
gonna end up but to start it off I kind
of want to give my honorable mentions
meaning the teams that I think he has a
chance to go to but I really don't think
it's gonna happen so we're gonna start
off with the Orlando Magic and again
like I said these next couple teams are
teams that he could end up going to I
want to really be surprised but I just
don't see it happening so for Orlando
these are not the same wetland Oh magic
that we've seen the past couple years
Orlando has gotten off to a really
really hot start they're actually top
three in the Eastern Conference and I
know it's really early I know that but
they have beaten some really good teams
this season and their players have
looked really good and what happens when
a team that wasn't supposed to be good
gets off to a really really hot start
they start looking at oh shoot
we're actually good we might have a
chance to season so they start looking
at ways to improve the team the Orlando
Magic already had dominant big men in
nickel abusive inch and Aaron Gordon and
Gordon has played like a beast of season
they also brought in Jonathan Simmons
this offseason they also have Evan
xlviii they they have some nice pieces
and they actually have an assay that the
son would want at least would make a
little bit of sense and that is elfrid
Payton Alfred Payton is on a rookie
contract so they don't need to throw
more money in there to make the
contracts work with the Eric Bledsoe
trade second Eric Bledsoe is kind of
hinting at how he wants to go to a
championship contender and again like I
said the magic I've gotten off to a
really really hot start but it's still
really early in the season so I don't
know how much blood so would like it
there and that would be too much of a
risk for Orlando considering Bledsoe is
a free agent next year not not after the
season but after next season so it's
just too much of a risk for Orlando my
next honorable mention would be the New
York Knicks and actually the Phoenix
Suns have gone on the phone with the
Knicks trying to make a eric bledsoe
trade work the sun's have been targeting
New York Knicks rookie point art Frank
till Keena sorry if I'm saying that name
wrong it's hard to pronounce but that's
what the Phoenix Suns have been
targeting however the New York Knicks
are in a rebuilding phase and as much as
Eric Bledsoe would have made sense there
when Carmelo was there now it's just
kind of hard seeing a trade go down
because usually when a team is
rebuilding it's kind of hard for the
to want a point guard in his prime and
trying to win right now Eric Bledsoe
wants to go to a place where he can win
now whether it's championship or
playoffs he's ready to win and I don't
think the New York Knicks are in that
position right now they're clearly
rebuilding and pushing behind the
kristaps porzingis so as badly as the
suns want Frank Tillich ena or also they
wanted Willy Hearn and Gomes first of
all I don't think the Knicks would give
up their rookie point guard from France
and it just wouldn't really make sense
from both sides so I'm surprised that
they actually had some conversations and
discussions but I just don't think this
makes sense third I'm gonna put the
Clippers out there I really don't think
a deal is possible at all the only
reason I'm even mentioning the Clippers
as a possible spot it's because when
Eric Bledsoe tweeted I don't want to be
here DeAndre Jordan then tweeted come
home bro or come back home something
like that so that's the only reason I'm
putting the Clippers in this spot but in
reality if we're factoring in you know
making contracts work and trade assets
and all that the Clippers don't really
have what it takes to make a trade for a
player like Eric let's all right now my
last honorable mention team before I get
into who i actually think x12 is going
to end up with is the New Orleans
pelicans and honestly from knowing Eric
Bledsoe I would be happy for him if you
landed in New Orleans and here's why him
and DeMarcus Cousins are really really
close friends they hang out all the time
in the offseason they talk all the time
they're they're close the New Orleans
pelicans are they're a team that has
enough talent to make the playoff they
try to do more than that they have
Anthony Davis they have DeMarcus Cousins
they have to a holiday I don't know if
Eric Bledsoe will push them into you
know championship contender status
because that's just asking for way too
much but there's no doubt he'll make
them a better team and I know a lot of
people are gonna be like oh well Brandon
they already have to holiday so where
would Eric Bledsoe play well the neat
thing about holiday and Bledsoe together
is that they can play off of each other
one can play the to guard and one could
play the one both of them aren't true
point guards they could both play combo
guards and I think it would fit nicely
the only problem here is once again
trade asset I just don't know who the
pelicans would give the Suns to just
kind of make this deal work to push this
deal through and I guess the pelicans
could give up their first-round pick
with Eric Bledsoe they would most likely
be a playoff team so it wouldn't hurt
them to
to give up their Pig but I don't know if
the sons would want you know a playoff
team's first-round pick for Eric Bledsoe
so it kind of makes a deal hard I know
the pelicans would want to do it because
boogy Cousins is a free agent this
summer and acquiring one of his best
friends would obviously make him want to
stay but I just don't know how much the
sons want to deal with the New Orleans
pelicans considering the lack of assets
that they have now to get on to my top
three teams that I actually think Eric
Bledsoe would end up on our bet money
that Eric Bledsoe ends up on one of
these three teams come February and
these are no particular order guys I
just think any of these three teams fail
with Eric Bledsoe really well and they
have the assets to give the Phoenix Suns
first the Denver Nuggets you look at
Denver and you look at their big men and
they're stacked with Nikola oak inch
Paul Millsap and even their small forth
Wilson Chandler will Barton they're fine
right there then you look at the
backcourt okay Gary here says shooting
guard is is just fine and and then you
look at their point guard
so they drafted Emmanuel mudiay very
high a couple years ago and I don't want
to say he's disappointed but Denver
clearly wasn't happy with its progress
considering the fact that they drafted
another guard just a year later in Jamal
Murray and he's actually been starting
for them this season and Denver has just
they've got enough to I don't want to
say a bad start but a shaky start
especially considering that they were
expecting to be a playoff team this
season and I even picked them to be a
playoff team this season so they they
haven't gotten off to the best start yet
and I think Eric Bledsoe fits on this
team so perfectly look at the big man
that Eric Bledsoe has played with in
Phoenix you go back to I don't know
Channing Frye Miles Plumlee Dragan
bender marques crisp and just think they
haven't really had any really good big
men and then you throw them on to Denver
where he could work with Paul Millsap
and Nikola okage and I think Bledsoe
would be ecstatic because what's the
point guards best friend is a really
good big man so I think this would be a
match made in heaven and at the same
time the Nuggets have the pieces to make
it work okay I'm not gonna lie I'm not a
big Emmanuel mudiay fan I don't know how
good he's going to end up being but
there's no denying he's a young talent
he was a high draft pick and you can't
officially call him a bus
because he's still very young so I think
that's the piece that the sons would
want actually as a matter of fact a
couple months ago the Phoenix on the
Denver Nuggets had talked of Eric
Bledsoe for Emmanuel mudiay and a
first-round pick I don't know why that
never felt through maybe the son wanted
to people itself but now at this time
with the whole I don't want to be here
on yeah I don't think the Phoenix Suns
want to keep Eric Bledsoe anymore and on
top of Manuel moody eight to kind of
make the contracts work the Denver
Nuggets would probably throw in Kenneth
Faried someone who is a talented player
but he just doesn't get minutes anymore
in Denver considering how many talented
big men they had so I think this deal is
a phoenix suns get their point guard of
the future or at least they hope they
get their point guard of the future
again I'm not a huge Emmanuel mudiay fan
but I wouldn't be too upset with this
trade they also get Kenneth Faried who I
don't know how many minutes he would
play because the Suns are trying to
develop Marquis Kris and Dragon benders
so this trade makes a lot of sense from
both sides but I think it helps Denver
more than it helps the suns but I don't
think the suns would be complaining
about an Emmanuel mudiay and Kenneth
Faried return oh and on a side note I
think Jamal Murray's gonna be a
exceptional player I think he's a really
really good player but right now in 2017
Eric Bledsoe is a better point guard so
how much better with the Nuggets beat
its led so it's a starter and then they
had someone like Jamal Murray to come
off the bench and just slide it up and
put up a bunch of threes the next team I
think this makes sense for both sides is
going to be the Milwaukee Bucks and I
honestly hope that this trade goes
through for the Phoenix Suns and the
bugs because I think it helps both of
them equally so the Phoenix Suns just
like the never Nuggets have had talks
they've had discussions with the
Milwaukee Bucks and I was actually
surprised that the Bucks even offered
thawne maker because because I read a
lot of different nd articles and knowing
the Milwaukee Bucks fan base they loved
thon maker so the fact that they've even
thrown him out there in trade talks was
kind of surprising to me and the fact
that the sun's turned it down was even
more surprising but it kind of makes
sense like I said previously the Suns
have dragon vendor they have marquis
chris and they're trying to develop them
those are two big men so if you bring in
thawne maker it's just we all know what
happened when the Sun had three
goran dragic Eric Bledsoe and Isiah
Thomas and I guess the Phoenix Suns want
to stay away from creating another log
jam just because of how all that ended
up we also can't forget the Suns have
Alan Williams who's not playing this
season because of a injury sadly but
he's another big man that they have and
when he comes back he's under contract
for two more years
so the Suns aren't really looking for a
big man in return for Eric Bledsoe and
that's why they countered the offer of
thawne maker with the bugs for we want
Malcolm Brogdon and that's who the
Phoenix Suns have their eyes on he's a
perfect fit next to Devin Booker if you
look at his stats you're not gonna find
old Malcolm Brogdon averages 30 points a
game and he could hit ten threes in a
game and oh my gosh is a superstar no
that's how much you're gonna find in
Malcolm Brogdon but if you actually
watch the game Brogdon is a really
really smart player he's a good defender
he could shoot the spot of three and
he's not a ball hog he's not selfish she
passes the ball around which makes him
the perfect fit
next to Devin Booker and any time the
Suns are looking for a trade at least
for now they're looking at okay who can
we get that fits next to Devin Booker
because Devin Booker whether you like it
or not is the face of this franchise and
he's gonna be the face of the franchise
going forward for at least the next five
six years so I've talked to a lot of
Suns fans who are like oh well Malcolm
Brogdon only averages you know this many
points a game and okay that's fun but
how about you actually watch the game
and see that Malcolm Brogdon is a great
player and that's exactly why the
Milwaukee Bucks turned down that offer
from the Phoenix Suns
so the Milwaukee Bucks and Phoenix Suns
there's something there there's
attractions there they're just fighting
to get a deal done now for Milwaukee's
odd I already mentioned why the Suns
would love to have Malcolm Brogdon from
Milwaukee side okay
so they have a Greek freak they have
Yanis who has been amazing this season
and honestly could end up being the best
player in the league I want to say as
soon as next season but quite honestly
he could end up being the best player in
the NBA maybe by the end of this season
I don't know but he's been great the
shooting art spot and they have Chris
Middleton then you look at Jabari Parker
who was injured right now but when he
back don't forget about him he's
extremely talented and then you have
that point guard spot or I guess Yanis
plays point guard but the official point
guard spot way you could SWAT in a
player like Eric Bledsoe who averages 20
points a game six assists and I just
think the defensive fit every bludsoe is
also a great defender and there's no
denying I mean Brogdon is a great player
but erred but so right now and the prime
of his career is the better player so
you just think about that fake next to
Yanis and then you factor in okay if
you've seen the Cleveland Cavaliers play
this season they haven't been at the top
of their game you then look at the
Boston Celtics and although they look
just fine they lost Gordon Hayward we
don't know exactly how long he's gonna
be out you then look at Milwaukee and
they've actually played really really
good basketball so the Cavs are
struggling
LeBron might be out after the season the
Celtics lost arguably their best player
or their second best player in Gordon
Hayward the walk you might be thinking
to themselves hey this is our time to
make a run let's trade Brogdon get a
proven start like Eric Bledsoe and let's
try to push for a top two top three seed
in the east and see what could happen in
the playoffs so I think this train makes
sense for both sides if I have to put my
money on if I have to guess I think that
deal eventually gets done with Milwaukee
for Malcolm Brogdon
and I've talked to a lot of bugs fans
who are like bro the sun's aren't
getting broad again we're gonna trade
Matthew Dellavedova and John Henson
well let me inform those fans something
really quick and it's kind of common
sense when you trade for someone you
kind of have to give other players away
the NBA isn't a one-sided business you
can't just Oh we'll give you trash and
you give us a star player no you got to
give up to get better that's just how
things work so I guess you got to wake
up from your dream if you think Eric
Bledsoe is gonna be traded for Matthew
Dellavedova I know the walk you wanted
to give thawne maker the sun's turn that
down they asked for Brogdon the bugs
turned that down but that's always how
trade negotiations work they never start
off with okay yeah deal the last thing I
can see here but to end up
- and this has been talked about a lot
teaming up with his boy LeBron James and
ending up on the Cleveland Cavaliers now
hold on at first glance you might look
at this and be like Brandon the Cavs
have Isaiah Thomas and Derrick Rose
where their butts are gonna fit well how
about this Isaiah Thomas is out until at
least January 1st okay that's a good two
months from now and let's not forget
he's a free agent after this season and
there's been no indication that he's
gonna re sign a Cleveland or that
Cleveland wants to give him that 30-plus
million dollar deal that he's been
asking for then you have Derrick Rose
who obviously is a really really good
player despite his injuries he could
still put up numbers and he could still
play but he was brought to Cleveland to
be a six-man to play in the high nines a
Atomics and to kind of give them that
Joel off the bench that they need then
you look at Eric Bledsoe who is not a
free agent after the season he still has
two more years left he's only making 14
million dollars a year compared to
Isaiah Thomas's 30-plus million that
he's asking for you then factoring that
he's under the same agency as LeBron
James you then factory that he's really
really close to LeBron and they work out
together every single summer they hang
out they go out together they talk all
the time really close friends you then
factoring that LeBron James is a free
agent after this season and the
Cleveland Cavaliers although they're not
saying it probably behind the scenes
they are begging him to stay because he
has given no indication that he's for
sure going to stay you then look at the
fact that the Cleveland Cavaliers have
gotten off to a shaky but I'm just gonna
say they've gotten off to a bad start
and I know you can't stress too much for
the season just started but they haven't
gotten off to a good of a start as they
wanted to and then you look around who
is a player on the trade market that you
could acquire right now
a lot of Cavs fans want DeMarcus Cousins
but the truth is he's not going to be
available till February at the trade
deadline and that's the early
maybe the pelicans are doing good aka
they just beat the Cleveland Cavaliers
they blew them out by 20-plus points and
they're gonna maybe keep DeMarcus
Cousins they might not even trade it so
let you look around who is available to
trade for right now that will help
LeBron James win this season and also
maybe help him stay Andrey sign in
Cleveland hmm maybe that person is Eric
freakin Bledsoe and this trade makes so
much sense I know I'm talking about how
he's most likely gonna end up in
Milwaukee but it wouldn't surprise me
one bit
to see him go to Cleveland and if it
were up to Eric Bledsoe he'd be in
Cleveland right now he loves LeBron
James there boys and Eric Bledsoe wants
to play for a championship contender
I know Milwaukee if they get Eric
Bledsoe has a chance to be a contender
but Cleveland is already a contender so
while Eric Bledsoe not want to go there
now the tricky thing becomes you know
Cleveland has that Brooklyn pick they
acquired that in the Kyrie Irving trade
and I don't know how bad the Cleveland
wants to use it I think they'd rather
flip that pick for a star to try to win
this season and convince LeBron James to
say that resign will they trade the
Brooklyn pick for Eric Bledsoe or will
they want a bigger name let me elaborate
if this was a couple of weeks ago I
would say no way Cleveland gives up
Brooklyn's pick for a player like Harry
little I would say it would take much
more than that a couple weeks later
aka today and I think that pick is
movable because you look at the way
Brooklyn has played they haven't been as
bad as what everybody thinks they are
the Bulls have been worse the Atlanta
Hawks have been worse the Mavericks have
been worse heck even the Phoenix Suns
have been worse than the Brooklyn Nets
there has been a lot of teams that
Brooklyn has looked better than so that
pig what once looked like the number 1
or number 2 pig now looks like hey that
pick might be a six seven eighth overall
pig and words from LeBron James mouth
I'm not sure exactly what he said so
don't quote me exactly but he said
something like the pigs not even gonna
be that good anyways because hey
Brooklyn actually
Cleveland's and they have no incentive
to take they're playing hard out there
every single game they got no reason to
tank so I think that pick was once
untouchable and now you look at it a
couple weeks after the season started
and I think that pig is tradable what
the Phoenix Suns might have to do on top
of giving up Eric Bledsoe they might
also have to throw in Tyson Chandler or
if the Cavs don't want to take the money
that Tyson Chandler makes the Suns might
have to throw in Miami's first-round
pick because the sun's own Miami Heat
first-round pick for this season but
who's to say that Miami is going to be
better than Brooklyn so it just makes it
kind of tricky but first start of the
Suns have to take on Iman Shumpert and
Channing Frye just to make the money
work so it would be a Iman Shumpert
Channing Frye for Eric Bledsoe obviously
that's not enough so the Suns would be
pulling for that Brooklyn pick and I
don't know in my opinion do the Suns
really want another first-round pick I
know the Brooklyn pick is gonna be high
it's gonna be an ice pick to hat but the
Suns already have their own pink they
already have Miami's first-round pick
and if they were to acquire Brooklyn's
first-round pick bringing in three
rookies in the same season it's just so
it's it's hard it's something that you
don't see too often and if I'm the Sun I
would rather be going for a player like
Malcolm Brogdon if we're being honest
but you can't complain if you get the
Brooklyn pick you obviously--you you
should be ecstatic as a son saying I
would be ecstatic but I would just
rather have Malcolm Brogdon because of
the way the next I've been playing this
season they haven't look too bad whether
it's the Denver Nuggets Milwaukee Bucks
or Cleveland Cavaliers they all make
pretty much a lot of sense and I think
if it was up to Eric Bledsoe he would be
in Cleveland right now playing for the
Cavs so we'll see if a deal gets done
there that Brooklyn pick is is what
makes everything so you know difficult
we don't know how good or bad the next
are going to be so it's so hard to gauge
the trade value of that pick right now
this early into the season
Milwaukee we know they already said they
didn't want to give up Brogdon but who
knows if the Cavs keep struggling or
maybe the bugs want to seize their
opportunity and make a trade for Bledsoe
who knows it's so tricky and like I said
I wouldn't be surprised if the deal was
done today or tomorrow or at the same
time I wouldn't be surprised if it's
freaking Christmas time and Eric Bledsoe
still a member of the Phoenix Suns so
anyways guys I hope you enjoyed this
video because I get a lot of questions
every single day Brandon where do you
think Eric Lynch was gonna end up so I
hope this kind of gave you my answer if
20 plus minutes worth of me talking
doesn't give you an answer then I don't
know I apologize anyways happy Halloween
enjoy tonight spend time with your
family spend time with your friends have
fun but also remember be safe drop a
like on this video if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new I love you guys
all Brandon aka iguanas and I'm out
peace
