um the room is an absolute mess look
food on the table toy on the floor cards
everywhere but we're not this messy the
room only gets this messy Brian I said
pop out like jump Oh like go back down
go back down yeah just pop out and pop
out hard like din dan den dan den dan
den dan den dan den dan in and ba like
that okay
and the room never gets this messy
unless it's October 29th and we went the
whole month of October without hitting
up one haunted house we used to go at
least three times every year probably
the same one over and over it's so fun
yeah and this year I don't know what
happened I we were just both like super
busy so we decided let's just go told me
dennis has never been to a haunted house
Brian Dennis just a warning today no but
he doesn't know about the Sunday special
the Sunday special no he doesn't know it
either
because he doesn't know you're gonna say
yeah because I never let my brother go
to Sunday stretcher because he's my
younger brother so I cared for him the
sunday special is there a lot to taught
you today like they're lucky Joe boys
the girls some of them what and you know
how right you know usually the chainsaws
are from like Party City they're fake
brothers the Sunday special they're real
keep the change
yeah that's how I'm saying you better
stand by it's called you well what is it
Oh crazy what are you gonna do really
bring
that won't be you before the Sunday
special before he gets killed at its
first ever haunted house he's getting
the jitters out
so go put your hoodie on
Jeff Brandon how many what guys I didn't
even vlog that one Donald earlier the
uber is leaving you the humor is leaving
really bye
cabs are here Pauly D Jersey Shore okay
it's a Sunday you know a school night we
didn't think the line would be this big
but the line is still huge
Brian one rule before this goes for
everyone no one grabbed onto my shirt
that's my biggest pet peeve when we're
all in the haunted house and people
gonna be the one coming you Ryan
I hate when people tell on my shit Brian
I'm allowed to talk on your shirt okay
that's okay I get scared I need to
control yo guys I'm not gonna lie
now that we're in line and we're getting
closer to get away how scared are you
scared I'm scared okay and Dennis how
about you first time and I want the line
is scary and this is the biggest one in
San Diego skin I'm the old man group
wait
guys look how long the line is the line
is so long they're playing a whole movie
on the screen for people to watch while
they wait in line not just the show and
not an episode about a whole movie we
forgot about today's a Sunday special
you can't fly back only there a lot
Dennis I like the jacket bow thank you
both a Sunday special they pick one
person out of the whole line to go first
by themselves and his name not to start
with letter D yo guys so we're getting
closer right now how scared are you baby
you know you could hold me until the
haunted house sorry
babe I have a bad lower back if you hold
me it's gonna hurt how do you how does
she know him I think dennis is freaking
sweating he hasn't said a word in 10
minutes Freddy Krueger I'll marry him
scared
Dennis you haven't said a word for 20
minutes smash smash who Justin for him
no Chuck Chuck Chuck he's like baby cute
but he's not like a smash the cons I'm
having a beard your girlfriend Mabel you
look like the haunted house right now
too much in public
Oh
I'm not old enough for this our church
our preachers will review except on
Sundays accidentally broke into you you
will be searched oh they already got the
word fresh oh no Brian
oh shoot guys the first part is actually
a maze so we have no idea for Danny's
don't touch my shirt I thought it would
be Jackie which I'm not sure not you
Brian why'd you listen to him he was
obviously doing us we don't know where
to go now okay okay I think
my god Brian let everyone else bleep
away putting on a show
Yeah right hold the purse
someone's gonna grab no Brian don't say
that bro yeah Brian it says happy purge
you survived all but now the real one
Brian that was just the beginning
okay guys so that was just a little maze
part now we're about to go into the real
one and a half mile long haunted house
is that it Dennis Dennis not that little
maze was the whole thing no scheme
Dennis that was just like the appetizer
just the beginning
now we're gonna get you the real one
like everybody well I thought this was a
haunted house not a nice Joely Joely
Christmas
Oh Brian dance snowing in San Diego we
haven't seen this yet it's a one-mile
walk my old trail
wait I'm playing basketball tomorrow
morning I can't walk a whole mile Oh
Brian what are you doing behind me you
go first
Shanta I want a devin booker Jersey oh
wait okay oh one of them is real one of
them is real which one are you sure
Dennis I think we were wrong wait this
is it all the right balloon Brian about
it oh my gosh Gilly Brian he roasted you
he said stop playing call of duty and go
get a girlfriend oh hey oh my gosh the
school bus we're entering the school bus
there's people sitting now
oh my gosh anyway okay now we're going
through a cemetery
I saw him Brian don't let him scare you
Oh another ghillie Oh Oh shoo guys I
have my hoodie on like that's gonna
protect me oh shoot
Brian Brian what the heck Sorry Sorry
Sorry Sorry
oh oh oh my gosh I did not see that
coming
wait it sounds real this is real no it's
not oh my god okay what house is this is
a scary house bro dennis is 1 mile long
and after play bass 1 oh shut up
shut up you want in your boo boo no oh
my gosh okay hold on Michael Myers smash
a hundred percent a hundred and
temperate wow look at his hair it's nice
he got cut by Paul the barber for sure
yeah this one's real Oh scream you might
want to record mine a new reaction for
the next
oh shit Brian yeah for the next Ruby Oh
scream oh whoa oh shit Freddy big fans
big fans ready Freddie ready get every
fine okay guys for this okay this is a
what the heck
wait I walked you through I think we're
supposed to duck oh wait right where are
we going
people don't you guys from under people
I tell you get them under Brian was
someone someone grab your land oh my
gosh just to confirm they said actors
will not touch you Oh is he real you
think so no oh what is this house this
house I know the small rooms are scary
oh he's a hater don't pay attention to
those haters rug Brian no chainsaws yet
guys if you wonder why you can't see
Jackie she's literally attached to my
back
shut up Brian you go
oh it's Jason Brian come with us please
Brian we're Zeebo tell em you have 6
million subs Brian maybe he's at Oh tell
me you have 6 million subs maybe he's a
cloud chaser oh sorry
oh my gosh
Danny if you call it you'll a bro wait
and listen for a chainsaw I'm going out
the emergency exact idea Brian listen
Brian usually one out of the whole room
is real this one all the world
Wow babe I think you've ripped my jacket
but it's okay there was you Oh a little
bit poor girl and please don't let
machine something Den is the chainsaw on
Sunday special they use it for real
shiny never pulls no you just got a
runaway bro pretend we're playing
basketball like tomorrow oh no where's
it coming from
right it smells like actual chainsaw
so that's not part of the haunted house
we're just really close to the airport
right now my dream I swear oh that was
actually scary that's actually good I
like my head baby that's me so guys the
whole talk I had about no one taking my
jacket did not apply for this haunted
now so maybe next year I'll try again to
talk I do not even touch you it's okay
babe I didn't do it good exercise before
I go play basketball tomorrow what'd you
think of your first haunted house oh no
Brian and you kept trying to make jokes
to play it off like I'm scared those are
always the people who are the most
scared when I say when you try to make
jokes with actors like oh that's how you
know someone is actually a friend we yo
got to close this video uh I just wanna
say thank you guys so much for watching
this video I hope you guys enjoyed I'm
gonna go back inside now because I tried
to do my outro outside but there's too
much sound coming so let me just do it
from the inside I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I honestly was surprised that
they let us record the whole haunted
house I was still happy because I always
try to make my videos good for you guys
and I I can only imagine how boring the
video would have been if we weren't
allowed to record so I'm happy they let
us film I hope you guys enjoyed I hope
you guys didn't get too too scared like
this guy right here oh and I want to say
one thing I know a lot of people don't
think of me as a baseball fan obviously
I'm a huge basketball fan but I like
baseball also so I was keeping up with
the game while we were there the Astros
and Dodgers I got to watch the
highlights when I came back and I'm
actually upset that I missed that game
the game was from what I saw in the
highlights and what I read on the
articles it was crazy so honestly I wish
I got to watch the game but and the last
thing I want to get into before closing
this video out is a birthday shout-out
to my guy Devin Booker finally 20 foot
one finally 21 years old it's crazy that
he's still so young but how do we relate
to my guy appreciate everything that
he's done for me and keep killing it for
the sons obviously still happy 21st to
him anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video drop a like if you
enjoyed Brian got freaking roasted by
the Gilly
yeah peace out guys
