guys I haven't been to my parents house
in a couple of days and so I come here
for the first time how important are
your parents this is important it's a
professional photo shoot okay look how
dressed up fancy pretty my mom looks and
my dad look what he wears
he wears a t-shirt with a freaking
snowman
the bottoms cut out but it says just
chilling that's what he wore to a
professional photo shoot dad don't worry
you could rock it I like it just like me
when I go out what do I wear I wear
basketball shorts listen when did you
come here from Iraq so 22 years you
haven't went shopping so you're gonna
turn into Brian Gucci no I like it
that's what I'll say you could still
pull it off I think my dad deserves a
shopping spree coming soon
long time no see he's been two days let
me close the door in case Jackie's near
so my mom gave me a really good idea
what did this talk occur when you and
Jackie were having your coffee gossip
yeah you know I heard Jackie come here
she saw my mom she said oh my gosh I
miss you I miss talking about people who
would drink coffee and gossip no talking
shit I was beat up and she said look I
found this ring it's so pretty and I
love it but I'm not gonna buy it now
when I get paid it's really really nice
but I think spice there was something
but her name Brandon came and I pull him
to the side so we can gossip and that
shit about me whenever I talk to you
about some was your hey hey hey don't
say that I think it was the best idea to
go get that ring for her because she
really was like so excited showing me on
the phone and everything and she said I
will get that this is gonna be tricky
though because Jackie's driving so like
usually I would just go to the mall by
myself but Jackie drove over here cuz I
was still editing my video so I had to
edit in her car while she drove so I'm
gonna attempt to go to the mall with her
and try to somehow surprise her with
this ring something rose gold I know
what it looks like
yeah I know this truck first of all
shout out to my girl friend who doesn't
ever ask me for things she always tries
to work for it herself just like mom
what did she tell you she was gonna get
this with your next paycheck yeah he's
like so Jackie never asked me for things
yep the best sons were actually two wins
and three losses so we're not bad but
hopefully if we win tonight there's a
song game tonight at 7 so yeah guys
there's my seven so we have to go to the
mall really quick so I don't miss the
game mob not so fast I forgot my phone
No thank God I do all you would find
here is Phoenix Suns article in news
long time no see Bosley I think you got
fatter where are we going
live I think I need my car back I miss
it I swear I miss his car okay so I so
if I get this car back and you get all
the years of dating me back then it's
fair Oh wipe yes and it's being used
what was once a barely used oil wipe is
now this because of me translate for the
people who don't speak our language the
oil never finished from your things it
finishes but then I produce more so it
off to buy of canola oil Oh guys it's so
nice it's sexy
Brian roll your window down if you could
hear me or not how many complaints red
seats Plus red outline and don't forget
the red in the front guys I've been
thinking about wrapping my car I just
don't know what color because Tron if I
know what that meant then I'll say yes
or no and Brian the Gucci along
damn traitor traitor oh advocate for you
open hey but we have to go to the mall
right now because the sun's game Brian's
not getting out the way
Brian Yolo the Suns game's gonna start
soon Brian said Arlo Yolo
now what translate that but this video
would get um age-restricted so I'm not
gonna translate oh wait Ozzy bonsly
bonsly where's buzzy buzzy buzzy oh I
like puzzle you know why you know how
he's not looking when we chant his name
I know he reminds me of like the NBA
players you know when you call them a
million times but they won't turn around
cuz they're so focused on the game LD SK
do you know what that stands for
LD SK I'll tell you what LD is K stands
for at the end of this video I need to
use the bathroom
guys always when you go shopping with
your girlfriend the best excuse just say
you need to use about them and then you
don't have to go shopping with them no
but I really need to go yeah I'll be
back I'm not gonna take long
I'm super nervous right now I'm super
nervous if she sees me I don't even know
if the bathroom is this way honestly
oh wait about them is it this way Oh way
I'm not really going to invent them I'm
so dumb guys hold on I got the screen
shot I have no idea where this thing is
but I'll find it give me some time I
have to rush though because Jackie just
thinks I'm using the bathroom really
quick
so guys surprise spoiled I didn't know
there were different sizes for rings so
I just try to come in and buy it the
worker was like oh would you like a
seven seven and a half eight I was like
let me just call over so she could try
it on so you guys I was like why over
there
I was gonna get it and then like hold it
all the way till we got back to the
apartment and then she throws side to
that me and I'm just like is that the
one you wanted Yeah right
how did you know my mom she snitched
because she's like I look so cute we
don't get it yes she sent me the
screenshot no wait show me like Cedric
just remember I'm never ever telling you
anything ever again
snitches get stitches just joking you
guys I've been wanting this ring for
like two weeks now and I was going to
wait til I got paid to buy two weeks it
just came out yesterday I'm just joking
homie
it's literally the cutest thing ever
computer than me no thank you look how
cute my nails are withering can you soon
what is it so you mean zoom ya know zoom
with a Z it's not gonna focus his focus
poppin I love this frame baby you're so
cute yeah my surprise got ruined once
the lady said okay and what size you
want I said um do they go by shoe sizes
right when I said is it the same as shoe
size she said okay is the person that
you're buying this for over here I said
yeah she said okay well you should call
her over at that point she's like okay
you don't know what you're talking about
fine I was like they just come over here
baby you're so sweet I'm like why is he
over there and then I like I did it
I didn't Justin Timberlake because if
you don't sing all the words have to
take the ring back let's just go watch
the son's game oh my god we might be
late
what time is it was empty oh no we're
straight we're fine wait babe let's act
like you never saw this is what I really
wanted to do so right now you wouldn't
have known about it we'd be going back
to the apartment I'll be waiting to
surprise you
okay let's start now all right babe so
you know I told you I was gonna go to
the bathroom when we were at Macy's yeah
no I didn't think a party I actually um
let's just say let's just say when we go
I never talk to a healthy skb yeah
little does she know because you know I
did I like this better little do she
know but it's still lbs Kay a little
douchey okay I'm not really doing it
just show Lori such a cutie it's like
you got married what would happen if I
actually got you a promise ring yeah I
saw if you got me why did you see it all
over Instagram I hate it when you make
that face
so she's screaming and doing all this
commotion over a little ring like that
and I'd you know the real promise oh
wait let me get Dennis look guys my room
Danis oh my gosh no no you're watching
my video
of course you're watching it every time
dennis is in a video he watches it five
million times
Dennis don't why but every time dennis
is in a video freaking makes everyone in
the world watching
I proposed to Jackie I got a wedding
ring no way yeah I proposed to Jackie
you can see it if you want we have the
ring in here why do you think she's so
quick to go to the bedroom because I
just proposed yeah come look at the ring
like you got on Dennis you're next after
me and Jackie are done yeah Anthony why
not no I was planning on doing a cuter
way but the sun's game was going to
start so I do yes
babe show Anthony the ring play Jackie
look from jewelers it's on Jackie's
finger what did you do I always forgot I
live in a house and I scream and there
are freaking people all around his name
isn't Dennis's dinner plan I check the
time in the Sun the other than start so
I just talk okay you know what we're
getting married here it is eight
thousand you know what no more words no
more questions some games gonna start
okay name every Blair on the court right
now everyone yeah okay any order or just
any orders is it click appellate James
Harden Mario Chalmers Tyreke Evans Bob
bootay and actually he became a rookie
averaging 20 points 5 6 5 about winning
Rookie of the Year would you like to
know the coaches nails
I hate Brandon my well I've never hated
some well as about who are they
benin how do you have friends they set
up okay something about someone
something to start we don't talk for the
next 3 hour hype 3 and a half
because that's not even how long yeah it
is two and a half hours 7:00 to 9:30
start since we can't talk after that let
me just say Anthony what the hell did
you do why guys these were all why why'd
you do it that's how bored I guess feel
like I finished all my work so fat
nothing I saw why okay instead of doing
that why don't you study MBA after you
finish all your work oh okay but really
once you tell me to start we don't talk
for to to have you can you have this
room no you just agree that there's no
talking for two and a half hours and you
could stay and watch the son's game you
can aim everyone on the court now okay
go oh wait okay fine there's your last
chance yeah but you're Chris Bosh mudiay
Anthony wait you know moody a Kevin Love
Anthony get out okay no more talking for
the rest of the game yeah no I need you
to do this mm-hmm and throw it and it is
okay good
hey six and a half hours later yo guys
so the Phoenix Sun just lost I recorded
a whole reaction video by honestly I
don't know if I'm gonna upload it
because I'm going to be so pissed off
just editing it if that tells you how
the game kind of went so many chances I
don't know that's oh yeah I have a low
reaction recording I don't know if
that's ever gonna go up because it'll
just make me so mad editing in were you
watching those clips Oh
Booker had 34 points six rebounds six
assists over 50% from the field shot
over 50% from 334 6 and 6 at 20 years
old oh yeah we were getting a lot of
tweets and like everything this is not a
promise ring or a wedding ring guys it's
just a ring that I wanted and that
Brandon somehow found out there is my
mom I'm probably gonna get a lot of hate
on this video but no I didn't get down
on my knees for the thumbnail
no I didn't title it wedding or proposal
I didn't do that so if you guys are
hating on this video or saying clickbait
I
simply got Jackie her dream ring I mean
if you guys are hating then I think you
got to clean out the insides of your
head because I wasn't trying to
clickbait or anything so I told Brenda
to go get ready and we're gonna go get
some ice cream
Lulu's I wish where are you babe oh my
god baby
why do you say oh my god you're so sweet
that you're laying that even though they
lost sweet
anyway the sun's lost but if we're going
out in public
I'm waiting it's because win or lose
this is my team and I probably brought
the remote I felt like I was gonna
weaken mmm tonight but at the end of the
day I love this team so it's time to go
get some ice cream but anyways guys
thank you so much for watching this
video I'm sorry if I'm like observe or
like frustrated in this outro I'll let
Jack to be though you guys I think if
Brenda and I ever get married he should
have his own room wait did the remote
break or gonna survive it really no a
little scratch but it's in good shape
though yeah anyways guys thanks so much
for watching this video I hope Jackie
enjoyed the ring a little bit of
surprise look how nice that looks once
again if you're hating or calling this
clickbait then you guys need to grow up
because you could buy someone a ring
without it automatically meaning you're
getting married I didn't try to trick
you guys or I didn't like trying to make
the thumbnail look like we got married I
didn't try to title it and would
anything of us getting married so if
you're hating they didn't grow up but
drop a lot you enjoyed this video
subscribe if you're new I love you guys
all Pete's the Phoenix up well you
forgot Phoenix on lost
