what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video you want to
introduce yourself in case they don't
know who yeah I'm Jackie brains girl we
just started it like about two years ago
so you guys might not know she is she's
only been in two years with my videos
but anyways guys today's video let me
just get into a little bit of a
background so the other day me and
Jackie were watching the son's game and
you know as usual I'm going crazy
jumping up and down we didn't
understatement you really he was a
gorilla that's not the Phoenix sucks you
know how they ever know that like
concept videos okay what happened when
Devon's looking at that last three to
like seal the game I'm pretty sure you
grab the table and like looked at over
3,000 the resume too bad cause but okay
so all that brings me to my point so I
was going crazy watching the sons game
right the usual and then Jackie reminded
me she was like Dave do you remember the
first time we ever watched her son's
game together and I stopped her I said
wait what do you mean do I remember we
have it on video we made a YouTube video
two years ago when I first started my
channel it was the first time in Jackie
ever watched the son's game together we
had been dating for a while we had hung
out a bunch of times we had been on a
hundred dates we loved each other and
everything but I had promised her you
know babe I'm sorry but you can never
watch the son's game with me I never
wanted to show her my crazy side she
thought I was some sweet gentleman you
know oh let's go on the date to the zoo
but never watch a son's game never but
then one day I'm like you know what if I
plan on marrying this girl and if I love
her this much I'm like you know what I'm
gonna be watching some games in the
future with her I can't push her away
every son's game so let's just start
today so I invited her over while I was
watching the son game as she was in
shock what were you thinking
think it was possible for that to ever
happen because when he would tell me
it's like it's for your own safety
like I just I go crazy oh yeah I invited
her over to watch the son's game and you
know before she came over all like okay
Brandon this girl thinks you're like
sweet a gentleman normal she thinks
you're normal Brandon so whatever
happens during the game do not go too
crazy and you know I'm trying to tell
myself please Phoenix Suns don't make
this a crazy game do not let this game
be one of the games where I go crazy
just let it be a normal game but of
course because the basketball gods hate
me this game ended up being one of the
craziest game okay we'll just get into
it so a point of case before we start
this video Jackie came over our first
time ever watching a son's game together
and just keep in mind the whole time you
watch this video I'm trying to keep keep
tying myself Manning don't act psycho do
not let this girl know you're crazy
why did you hide half yourself yeah you
would have thought all the devil if you
ever saw me watch a son's game okay
scootch that way this way we have to
make crew for the reaction video wait
okay guys what David guys the sun's got
hot aka Brandon I got hot look at that
well that's about your first mistake
Brandon I got hot words you'll never
hear me sing again Brandon I got hot
because that's never gonna happen again
but anyways guys okay
here let's just keep on watching the
video and yeah we'll see you out I miss
the old towel I know me too not Peyton
yeah you used to have a huge head in New
Jersey yeah five to eleven in the fourth
the suntect down by two with four
minutes babe this is crazy
so first of all I say I'm never
recording again because something bad
happens to the sons every time I record
and look what the next clip is me
recording so at this point the sons are
down by four with two minutes left and
in my head I'm already telling myself oh
god here we go
I knew
I knew when I was praying for it not to
be a close game so I didn't go too crazy
I knew was gonna be a close game so yeah
what were you thinking at this one were
you thinking was just cuz I don't do
anything crazy yet um at this point you
weren't really going supercruise I mean
you were going crazy but I was like
mellow Crazy's like a normal-size yeah
like a sports fan so it looked like kind
of it was normal do you know like that
yeah
that's a little bit just shooting two
free-throws please god that's how you
make a frito
take note today as if she missed a
game-winning buzzer sighs so bad
the stuns look at this wait do you know
it's not different we look yeah I used
to be way hotter than and I didn't know
anything about the games I have no idea
what's going on what do you think I'm
drinking up that Jamba Juice guys that's
what I had to go to you forget I like
the beard more no I love the dhoti also
but I like the beard more they need a
stop though right here so you gonna stop
look at look how much I was trying to
control myself not to go crazy look at
me like me I have no idea oh this okay
now I can tell you what was really going
on inside my head what I wanted was
timeout job timeout what are you doing
all that what I'm trying to control the
way guys if you think I'm just gonna
keep controlling it all the way till the
end of the video you're mistaken because
just watch what happens at the end why
do you think the thumbnail and the title
up like this because out long boy
everything I'm trying to control and
everything I'm trying to hold in just
freakin burst it out I just shut up here
let's just keep watching so what did I
say right now tie game with one minute
left
okay and I said yeah I don't know I know
you can't see a 1971 Bulls ball I'm
trying so hard to be in seconds let's
not just missed a layup no you didn't
even miss the ring literally just close
as you threw that shit look good now
right there the little lip thing that
I'm doing it's one I don't know anything
that's hot going on I'm like so confused
and brilliance I mean like the time of
his life you know I just want to say
like you know when you have a child and
at first they don't know how to do
anything but then later on they learn
stuff and you're so proud of them
I just want to say like Jackie I'm
beyond your child I know I know that's
just a comparison how far she's come
when we let let's just say this game the
first son game we watched together let's
say the sun-scorched she would be like
Oh touchdown and now two years later
she's on the couch first saying think
the son's games about to start come here
let's watch it and she knows everything
like I don't know it just
I'm voting you think I knew when I layup
was I'm about to start crawling
it's crazy how far somebody could come
with bike now you men like our
relationship know about their
relationship just your knowledge of
basketball anyways we have class later
today basketball class on the teacher
okay guys so I see that I'm holding your
hand how hard of the rebound baby I
can't hold on the songs have 20 seconds
it's a tie game please God so 20 seconds
left tie game son's ball
okay so here's what happened
there was the game-winner and then debug
hotline bling okay he was a rookie
that's one of his first game ever so
before we get into the slow-motion
replay like I was saying I was trying to
control everything and control
everything the Phoenix Suns in a
game-winning buzzer beater let me just
say this of course of course every game
I watch by myself if we gave my watch by
myself
the Suns either lose or if they win it's
just like a regular win of course the
first game that we watch together has to
be a frickin buzzer beater you know I'm
a huge something I couldn't control
myself
so imagine everything else trying to
hold in all the emotion I was trying to
hold in the whole game that was close a
freaking buzzer beater and I just shot
out like a rocket going into space like
I freaking couldn't hold it I think it
would have been better if I had just let
it all out throughout the game like
periodically because for me to just hold
it all in and let it out at once okay
let's watch it in slow motion one more
time and then we'll get your reaction of
what you were thinking at this moment
okay so I'm holding up the three fingers
because that's when we shot a three and
we myth and then two little bitch got
the rebound as you can tell by my face
and he put it up and he made it I
remember this song I see you in on my
video Oh
and others are dramatic as usual okay
well first things first the fact that
she brought up marriage this early
should have been assigned to me that she
was crazy she tells my mom my mom I'm
marrying him I swear
doing the sun's just one wait did you
and my mom have this special bond from
the beginning yeah soon as I met her we
became so close right now she's showing
me all her pages no I remember what
she's showing you it's not our PJs
please keep watching please keep
watching
so babe watch watch okay yeah my mom
doesn't weigh the same so my mom was
trying to prove to me cuz is when I
always used to make jokes and I'd be
like mom you wore those same white
shirts so many times over and over and
she had to prove to me that she has like
six everyone but anyways guys I want
Jackie's reaction so now two years later
we have no filter with each other we
tell each other everything
now you can admit to me what did you
think about me after this game what did
you think this is just everything you
thought that was going on in your head
but you didn't want to tell me I thought
you were crazy and then I was
is it too soon to break up I actually I
think I love that you had such a love
for the sure sure you follow the
freaking psycho that's right I mean you
were a psycho but I the same time was
that like kind of cute but you like love
the team so much you know okay okay okay
okay well we could scoot closer for the
outro not because the screen is in the
middle anymore so on god I just want to
say up to Phoenix Suns you guys are
crazy because every time I try to watch
a son's game
it never ends like this and of course
the whole time before the game started
like Jack was on the way I was like
please nothing crazy let's just have a
normal game and of course a freaking
buzzer beater have been so up notice how
here I'm leaving because I got scared of
you so I like picked up all my stuff no
you were leaving because we first
started dating your mom had a curfew on
you because she didn't know he has a
person so she didn't know if I was like
good or not so she used to make you go
home early I remember that mom was
things I was good I just almost broke
your arm from the Sun from a son's game
it's okay oh there's some gameplay today
so god I thought to share this moment
with you because the other day we were
watching the sub game and Jackie brought
it up she's like babe remember how calm
you were trying to be the first time I'm
watching a son's game we actually have
so many like of our first memories on
videos like no I have an idea I have a
freaking idea what is one video that I
made I edited and I never ever put it up
on YouTube it's it's not even I just
have it myself what is it there's two
okay babe the one that we could actually
make a show on camera you guys there's
parts that need to be cut out but when
Brandon asked me to be his girlfriend we
got it all on camera
and then the video that like I heard the
whole process like I was vlogging
because I was planning on uploading it
but then me and Jackie decided like you
know what it's me asking her al and it
was just like a romantic we just want to
keep it between ourselves but let me
tell you this a hundred thousand likes
on this video and we will upload me
asking Jackie to be my girlfriend how it
happened where happened for Steph her
first reaction her initial reaction and
just everything about it so a hundred
thousand like and you guys look at that
video it's never before seen only me and
Jackie not even my mom has seen in my
but nobody has seen it so a hundred
thousand likes on this video anyways
guys I'm lucky Jackie's so with me after
this because if if this was the other
way around and I was going to Jackie oz
for the first time watching game and she
did this I would have been like but god
I know sorry thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed remember like I said we have a
lot of like first moments that we have
on camera so if you love to me yeah I'd
love to react there's like just like a
bunch of things so this is first time I
broke Jackie's arm I guess but thank
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope you guys enjoyed drop a
like if you did subscribe if you are new
other than that guys I need to get ready
for tonight son's game is starting up
about 9 hours but you need like mental
prep mental prep so I love you guys all
guys I'm out peace
