thank you for watching my videos grow
nice to meet you
one day it'll be in person nothing wrong
you know I had to check this game out
all the hype around Trey young you know
I wasn't gonna miss his first tourney
game oh my gosh
tie game nine seconds left oh oh oh my
god oh my goodness like I'm not even the
Oklahoma fan I'm not a Rhode Island fan
but I don't care I almost had a heart
attack right now now time to watch
another potential phoenix suns prospect
Marvin Bagley the third this is
literally gonna be me holidays I'm
literally gonna be glued to the TV if
you think I'm doing anything other than
watching the tournament today and
tomorrow and the next day and all these
days then you're crazy I'm not gonna eat
I'm not gonna sleep I'm not gonna see
any of my friends I'm not gonna shower
I'm not gonna go pee I'm not gonna go
poop I didn't wash my clothing I don't
feed my room I'm gonna be glued to my TV
all day
so please nobody bothered me there's a
time I spent to get to know all these
players and see who I want the Phoenix
Suns to draft
oh I on top of all those guys of
something later my life my life is
screwed for the next couple days like
you thought you thought all I watched
and all I talked about was basketball
you know the my whole life before I can
only imagine these next couple of days
oh no way make that March Madness baby
Freddy
I had your key to an answering vote how
did you pass that he's wide open to the
corner they're doing many well you know
what how did you miss that to free your
wide open layout Randy shit Brandon I
have to tell you something boy yeah
obvious you have some banking content is
I have to tell you something
Dennis I don't care right now range a
long time oh yeah well you do keep
playing a melody no run ran in and the
next season Randy just
yeah what why don't you answer me I have
to tell you something it's important
tennis I swear to God if you keep I have
to tell you something here there's
nothing more important than what's on TV
right now
it's a close game shut up I don't care
what you hear okay why would you take
that shot the passages
Brandon fucker ought to make a video
how'd you miss he's outside he wants to
make okay tell about soccer player what
do you mean he's waiting to make a video
with you in it I don't know you got to
make that shot come on poker would make
that he's waiting for you to make a
video Dennis go tell Devon booger I'm
busy t-shirt don't tell them was gone
busy ok ok that's it look out of time
right now ok oh my god
5 seconds left there's no way Dennis why
are you coming in here this is not a
joke
Brandon what you're gonna make that shot
I found baby Brian Johnny we went to the
hot tub and for some reason he just shut
down he knows how to smell the hot tub
that's it that's it
bastard brothers Johnny what's so
maddening what's so bad your time you
can't swim like this no drowning
ok you're watching this game and I'm
driving the artery oh this was it
mmm cool time out he doesn't have four
seconds Dennis I'm drowning - what's so
bad about this it's not bad just please
stop coming here well I told you for the
next couple days I want to hear anything
else he may see me as he mayonnaise all
right bro all right bro
go say Brian you want me go save him
please well that's my brother okay
don't touch my basketball
but there's girls outside and I'm not
gonna lie you're not wearing leather
clothes wait really outside there's
girls follow me follow me follow me okay
that's my oh did it well I don't put it
in between my hands I swear to god I'm
leaving that in the video why my towel
all my telephone I want you to miss the
floor I just stepped in a puddle of
water just wipe it you really did fine
you dumbass yeah okay god I don't know
if this is normal or if this is actually
very very weird I'm not sure like how
people do this but this is how I eat my
cereal no I'm not the type of people
that put milk first and then the cereal
because those people are crazy but okay
so you put this here no first first hold
on you have to judge how hungry you are
yeah that's good okay
no one look don't look
oh no my mom wants this normal people
probably go like this right like that
right here like I don't eat cereal
unless I literally that should be a chef
on huh
I literally have to let all the cereals
soak for at least like - yeah I like
Asami I like it something I'm not gonna
lie I have to let the cereal soak in the
milk and I don't know if this is weird
or normal because yesterday I tweeted it
and half the people were like bro that's
nasty your growth and the other half
were like yeah on the same exact way
so now after a soggy mob just just close
your eyes here you should add a part
before saying like old mom skip the next
minute and she will listen two steps
away from my songs I have napkins so why
don't I use a napkin so mom please watch
this part
and now don't watch this bum home okay
you know until to crunchy I'd say about
two minutes and thirty two more seconds
okay we have a question why you should
focus on this one you're leaving this
because when this side finishes you're
gonna have to wait another two minutes
three minutes if I could come by your
belt like I'm good you know what drives
me crazy right another like impending
self funnies cracking these jokes he's a
hundred percent serious I have to say
something for the vlog I've been getting
blown up with questions ever since I
announced which cities we're gonna be
hitting up for the robotics tour I've
been getting asked like yo are the
tickets on sale yet what are the dates
blah blah blah
and let me answer this no the tickets
are not on sale yet they will be going
out on sale very very soon and obviously
I'll let you guys know the other thing
about the dates we will figure that out
very very slowly I'll get on the call to
my manager and I'll figure that they
tell the game don't worry about that I'm
not gonna announce that in some like
sneaky way I'll make sure to put it out
there so everybody knows the dates the
ticket prices when they're on sale if I
had to guess when the toilets start I'd
say probably the middle of May so
probably about two more months I'd say
in two months it starts and in case you
forgot the cities San Diego LA San
Francisco Phoenix Dallas Houston Toronto
Detroit Chicago New York I have those
memorize like the back of my head so
yeah I can't wait to meet all you guys I
can't wait for this tour it's gonna be
crazy it's gonna be late so be ready and
be hype and I hope you're as excited as
I am
whoo Dennis I'm sure at this point
people know you got hair on your
shoulders and chest and back okay and
like and people started going you know
I'm gonna show you know put your cereal
so as you all know basketball was my
life before anything you know familiar
but I hurt my heart I swear that hurt my
heart you said you didn't play for a
year and a half oh we will try to
incorporate basketball in our videos
with like the trick shots will always be
a part of 100 a little scary now should
have been in the NBA support system the
Lord Squad I know you guys are ready the
love I have for basketball hey let me
just say I respect Austin because
multiple times he brought up how he has
love for the game and he has passion for
the game and you guys know me I love
basketball no matter what it is playing
talking about it watching it I love
basketball and you know I haven't really
met another person who loves the sport
as much as me
so when I see Austin talk about it I
could tell he has a lot of passion and a
lot of love for the game basketball is
more than just a sport I swear you fall
in love with it and you fall in love
with everything about it so people think
it's just a sport just a ball that I
just hope into the hoop it's not just
that and I'm sure Austin knows what I'm
talking about basketball it's more than
just a game and and he knows that so I
respect it someone who you know would
accept this challenge for me but we're
also learning plan $50,000
but we're also a $50,000
fun while it lasted
that you said $50 good good while it
lasted can I take back all the times I
put my hands up and said I'll be there
you can edit it let's keep watching
maybe he's gonna say just joking you
think so yeah maybe that's a good joke
now let's hear how you end this joke
okay okay okay so that makes that makes
a little bit more sense so the $50,000
is not going to the women it's not like
oh let's plate for 50k and if you lose
you're only 50,000 that's how what it is
the money is going to charity which
makes this a hundred times you know
better it makes it a hundred times more
understandable
I respect that actually I really do
respect that you see all these youtubers
who play for Bates and you know loser
has to do something I've done it a bunch
of times loser has to eat a raw egg
loser has to blah blah blah but here you
have Austin and Katherine and they're
playing or us is playing for raising
money for charity so I respect that okay
okay okay now now this is something I
want to do the more he talks about like
charity and raising all this money for
our charity of our choice now this makes
it way better let's just say down the
line he accept his challenge and I ended
up losing the fact that the 50k is going
to charity I wouldn't mind I wouldn't
mind losing but let's see okay obviously
he said to comment down below who is a
good competitor you one of the first
comments Bharat is Bharat is Baba
phasors brother Brandon Awad is but what
is robotics please okay I see a lot of
robotics I'm not gonna lie it's
flattering I appreciate you guys for
watching guys are probably the ones
that are blowing up this comment section
by the way I have not said anything
I did not tweet or tell you guys to go
comment this so you guys are doing this
out of your own like you guys are doing
this out of your own heart so I
appreciate that really everyone damn
there are so many comments that Sabra
wadis okay guys so I Brandon Ivana's AKA
robotics and sitting here in front of
the camera and saying that maybe at
first I was not willing to accept this
challenge just because number one Austin
is a hell of a basketball player the
dude played college basketball he
obviously he has a ton of love for the
game he has a basketball body
he's just I've seen highlights Austin is
a really really good basketball player
so honestly I'm probably not gonna be in
and that's hard for me to admit because
you guys know me I love basketball I'm a
competitor and I always think I could be
anybody who I play but Austin is really
really good now on to Brandon why do you
want to play if you think you're gonna
lose well three things number one is
because I'm a competitor and so even if
I think I'm gonna lose I never sell
myself for I'll always try to win I'll
try my hardest to it and I got just as
much love for the game that's awesome
good so I feel like I can put up a good
fight number two because let's just say
I do lose the money is going to charity
and it's a lot of money so it can help a
charity in a really really big way and
if you guys know me you're not very
giving and you know that I never ever
mind giving to people in need giving to
those in need and so even if I lose the
money going to charity it makes it okay
it makes it for a good cause and the
third reason I want to play Austin is
because yo I can't even check my Twitter
right now without people blowing up
playoffs in playoffs II go watch the HD
family video play Austin and basketball
and again this is without even me saying
anything this is you guys and you left
all the comments on the ACE families
video it's like yo it's not even me
challenging him out of nowhere it's like
you guys want to see this and so it
makes me want to do it because I love
you guys I was trying to give you guys
what you want to see but yeah I'm very
very willing to do this I'm very very
very willing to accept this challenge
Austin what do you see this are not
honest
you probably won't even see this just
because you know the age family is so
big and they're growing and I'm proud of
all your success you know my brother
went to LA and you guys showed him so
much love and my brother is family to me
so the fact that you guys love my
brother the fact that you guys show him
so much love is it means a lot to me so
I respect you guys and I'm proud how
fast you guys are growing which brings
back to the point you guys probably
won't even see this but in the case that
you do I'm willing to accept the
challenge I want to do it I want to play
whether I win or lose that's a different
story but I know the money's going for a
good cause and I respect that Austin one
last time I love basketball I play a lot
of basketball and I have a lot of love
for the game so I would be very willing
to play it's up to you obviously I did
my part I'm putting it out there that I
want to play it's up to you to pick your
competitor if you don't pick me no hard
feelings that's up to you it's no big
deal
but at the end of the day I would love
to end up playing you and see what
happens in a 1v1 game oh and and one
thing I know that a lot of people will
go crazy with the hate when you put
another youtubers name in your title or
if you talk about another youtuber but I
just want to come out and say that you
know for everybody that's gonna comment
cuz I know there's a lot of hate for
everybody that's gonna comment or say oh
Brandon stop trying to use the ACE
family for views or for a cloud or stop
trying to you know get in the middle of
this challenge well god I wouldn't have
even been making this video until I saw
my freakin social medias blow up and
then when I went on the Aged family's
video and I saw the comments and there
were a bunch of comments saying robotics
and water bodies I'm like he'll why not
come out and say that I'm very willing
to accept this challenge so if you're
gonna go ahead and hey like Oh Brandon
why do you put the ACE family in your
titled blah blah well I mean what do you
want me to freakin title this video if
I'm willing to accept the challenge or
me the title of how to eat Apple Jacks
cereal I mean I don't know I'm just
doing it for you guys because you guys
this is something you guys want to see
but at the end of the day just know that
I'm down for this I'm willing to do it
and I'm very very excited if you decide
to pick me other than that guys that is
going to end today's video like I said
I'm gonna be spending all day and all
weekend straight up watching basketball
because it's March Madness baby and it's
honestly one of the
craziest sports moments of the year
other than that I hope you guys enjoyed
this video dropping like if you did let
me know if this is something that you
guys would want to see you know tell us
in tag us in go spin their comments and
say yo bro wallet is down to play let's
see what happened I trust you guys I
believe in you guys and I can't wait to
meet you guys during the store yeah
subscribe to the channel if you're new
other than that Brandon aka Parvati I
love all you guys and I'm out peace I
can never ever find the right word just
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
