what is going on you guys Brandon he
gave audits and I'm already having a
great morning because I finish editing
my video early and these are the best
days because when I finish anything my
video early that means I can stay and
play basketball longer this is always my
schedule I wake up really early and edit
my video when I finish my video I get to
play basketball for a long time but if I
don't finish my video then I can only go
play basketball for a little bit then I
gotta come back home and finish it but
what did I just say
I finished my video so I could stay for
a really long time that's probably the
most confusing thing I've ever said
in my whole entire life but just know
that I'm happy right now babe hey I'm
about to go play basketball because you
know what everybody says you can never
have too much basketball I'm sure nobody
I'd say that I say it and I finished my
video so imagine how long I'm going to
play today go and tell them my schedule
go play basketball oh yes and what do I
have after my haircut me okay after I
have you even gonna see Bosley
after I see Bosley yes I'm gonna go to
the game we have a game later tonight
look I'll get more into that later I
need to go where my thugs because I
can't play basketball and slippers so
you're not done with your makeup I
wouldn't be able to tell it looks so
good already
oh that's how you get what you want guys
listen do you know what happened last
night
you should talk to me about you know
what happened last night the sun's on
and not only did they win they won their
first game oh no babe it's the hardest
part of the day now
waking up Dennis to come play basketball
you can text Dennis five million times
and he won't wake up you need to either
I'll have a bunch of times or you need
to go to his door and actually wake him
up by banging I'm taking Dennis and Jim
with me to go play some basketball
the Suns had zero wins before last night
but this is
the same team tonight with the sons of
the king so there might be a little bit
of trouble this video rebound Mike don't
let Justin take that hey it's all good
save the win for tonight
it's okay let's win tonight
although friendly back - this was on the
kingdom okay guys I gotta give credit
where credit's due last week before the
season started I asked Paul if the
Lakers were gonna beat the Suns he said
the Lakers would win and we want and the
Lakers know Dennis told you but he told
me before he walked in he wanted ball
okay good
you want they all shaved off I need to
pick a thumbnail on anything I didn't
know earlier what better place to do it
than a full barbershop grind don't stop
at one thing and then I'll go upstairs
this is why I'm glad Dennis moved to San
Diego because look at this nasty crazy
thing that my dad's about to do for his
video usually I would be the one that
have to do this but now that dennis is
here Dennis thank you very much please I
am out then is good luck if you throw up
later just and you're about to not mine
please honey I love you I came here to
see you lick my hand give me good luck
for tonight if I do good and we win it's
because of that Lake Basel II remember
that bro don't ever cut yourself short
Bosley
follow your dreams don't ever give up
Bosley okay one second
polish
Oh oh wait I pulled it I was trying to
scare you guys and instead of pushing it
I pulled it yeah i screams like oh my
gosh that was a fail of a freaking
scared but what's new to my life yo guys
not only did i wake up happy but i feel
really good about myself right now
because i'm donating a bunch of clothes
not just these but also where are the
shoes i think my mom took the shoes i
had a bunch of pairs of shoes that were
still brand new in perfect condition and
super clean but I just never wore them
and I'm not done I saw so many shirts to
go through and my mom is taking them
over to donate them so I feel really
good about myself when I could do
something like that and I hope wherever
these clothes end up then people enjoy
them anyway guys today we have a cake
the team we're playing they're actually
really good and they're super big team
so today we got to bring our AGame
and i'm ready i was at the gym earlier
so i play and i'm already warmed up and
I hope we get the W right now worth two
wins and two losses that's not what we
want to be we want to be a good team and
today's going to be the ultimate test by
facing off against a lot of people told
me that they're the best team in our
league other than that guys I hope you
enjoy the rest of this video and I need
to go change and get ready for this game
and guys my friend actually send me the
screenshot and I thought it was pretty
cool that I was number one in scoring
out of the whole league I mean that
doesn't even matter all I care about is
getting wins and especially getting a
win against the number one team tonight
it's always fun when you go up against
the number one team so you could see if
you're good enough to beat that number
one team and again like I said everyone
else might see this team that we're
playing as number one but in my head my
team is the best team in the league so
I'm getting ready for my game toughest
hardest game of the season by watching
Devin Booker 70 point game but not only
do i watch Devin Booker play for those
who don't know on the other tab LeBron
James highlights I'm also a big LeBron
James fan but mostly this while I'm
watching LeBron James and Devin Booker
to get ready for my game
what are you watching to get ready for
the games
okay so Jackie's watching the
Kardashians is this how you get ready
for the games
hey wolfy suit up
I didn't know you were this home person
we need you tonight I didn't know you
were this on presence that we need you
you got shirts red skins
so you know what
you
I can read bread and slips fall down
lies
29 to 13 let's go
it's a 10-point game come on babe you
got this
yes sir my ass Dennis look like Earl
Watson
you
so this three-pointer didn't count for
us because someone on the other team had
their shoes untied
so the refs stopped the whole entire
game just so he could tie shoe the ref
stopped the whole entire game in the
middle of the play just so the player on
the other team could tie their shoe so
that three-pointer by us didn't count
for what so they actually called this a
foul on my team they actually called
display a foul on us they said he jumped
over his back that's when I give the
team like I just don't get it
guys so what happened here I'm actually
in shock like when I say I'm in shock I
couldn't believe what happened here so
the dude on the other team clearly
fouled me he grabs me in the middle of
the air and the rest didn't call the
foul he grabs me and he looks at the
rest and he says Rath I fouled him give
him the call and the ref said nope and
I'm sitting there in the guy's arms
looking at the ref saying ref he's
begging you to give me the foul I've
never ever seen a player on the other
team look at the red and say yo I fouled
him give him the foul and the ref said
nope and then what happens I get kicked
out of the game he tells me to go sit on
the bench and he says maybe you could
come back later and I said red he fouled
me on purpose he held me and then he
looked you in the eyes and said Rath I
fouled him give him the foul and you
said no how does that make sense and
then you're kicking me out
it was crazy guys I've never seen
anything like this
I think you just got thrown out of the
game I believe so
they made bad calls
2:33 for
okay never mind Brennan's back in the
game
let's go
let's go
oh my gosh like I can't believe this so
just as my team was making a run we were
making a huge comeback my teammate gets
a technical foul for saying and one I've
never seen that before in my life
my teammate just got a technical foul
for saying and one so now what happens
the other team gets two free throws and
the ball and then my teammate who got
the technical foul has to get kicked out
and sit out of the game that's crazy
right when we were making our run a
technical foul for saying and one
so like picking Brendan I get it
so I just got another technical foul
because when I fouled the other team
I said now that's a foul and the rest
gave me a technical foul and at this
point all I could do was laugh I was so
in shock I couldn't even speak I all I
could do was laugh and now what happens
because I got a technical foul the other
team gets two free-throws again and they
get the ball so now I had to get kicked
out of the game again
look at this you have players from the
other team going up to the ref saying
ref you're making some bad calls I've
never seen that before
players from the other team sticking up
for us because the refs were so bad
I believe bricks I believe Brandon got
rejected again I don't know why
yes you could only tell how Madara MELAS
we're making another comeback real Melos
hitting his free throws all but wait the
ref waived off the free throws he said
they don't count lane violation on our
team of course guys really quick to
update you on the score right now we're
down by seven with one minute left
oh and I'm back in the game because the
refs let me come back in after kicking
me out two times so down by seven one
minute left
let's go
seconds left and it's 15 to 47
my heart's gonna drop this point
right read these reps are terrible
though terrible tear the boat and we pay
them while they take our money for these
games we tell you the rest
that's crazy all I want we all pay the
same amount of money for these Reds all
affair they don't pay more than us we
don't pay more than that polish there
call it both ways it's ridiculous I
can't
I don't think so
just so you guys don't think it's only
me what did you think about the
reference to the other team obviously
both there was a partner
so guys at the end jackie was trying to
record me and the league director
because he called me over to have a talk
and he threatened to kick me out of the
league that's what he did I said but
I've personally heard people on the
other team say that they're gonna do
stuff just beyond the YouTube video
because I've heard personally other
teams be like oh let's do this so like
look cool on YouTube I told that he's
like no I don't want to hear it
yo guys so to close this video I just
want to thank my brother Wolfie and Ryan
for coming through to the game it was
fun meeting them really cool well I've
already met my brother a couple of times
but the other do really cool people
other than that guys we lost the game
first of all before I get into the ramps
hats off to the other team they were
actually really good and there's a
reason that they're number one because
they're a good basketball team they beat
us and they got the win now on to the
refs first and foremost I asked around
and it turns out you don't need any
qualifications or any requirements to be
a referee in this league meaning anybody
could come and be a referee I thought
it's a thought to be a referee in any
league you at least had to like pass a
test or maybe like prove that you have
some knowledge about basketball but the
fact that you don't need anything to be
a ref in this league is ridiculous the
fact that I got threatened to get kicked
out is crazy so I guess now I gotta keep
my mouth shut
we all pay the same amount of money so
shouldn't we get a fair treatment I
still can't believe my teammate got a
technical foul for saying and one I also
can't believe that I also can't believe
that the guy like slapped me and held me
and look the ref in the eye and said Ref
give him that call and the ref said no I
can't believe that I've never seen
something like that when the ref told me
to get out and chill out I told the ref
I said this opponent is begging you to
give me the call he's begging you to
call the foul on him I've never seen
that before and you still won't call it
because I just chill out
just chill out I said nah I'm chill he
said yeah I got thrown out for a couple
minutes
the first time that I got a technical
again so I got thrown out it I don't
know what happened honest to god I just
want fair referees is that too much to
ask for and sometimes people comment
saying Brandon it's just you the refs
were good but you guys heard wolfy you
guys heard Ryan you guys Dennis what do
you think I mean it's on camera the
proof is right here on camera I
understand making calls that you gotta
make it both ways
that's exactly what I told the rest I
said I understand you guys are human you
make mistakes so if you make a bad call
for us why don't you make it bad just
call it both ways as long as it's both
ways then we're fine anyways guys yeah
we lost the game I got kicked out two
different times what that alters the
show on all Mike he talked and talked
and he was like oh you want to keep Joe
know what he was saying nobody told me
said you want to keep playing in here or
no you want he's like you want to keep
playing in this league or no I said it's
not really up to you to kick me out of
the league that's the director's job
he's like I'm an ass do you want to keep
playing or no and I'm just like you said
I'm gonna keep playing I said I'm gonna
keep playing anyways thank you so much
for watching this video we need to play
better next week because the season
isn't looking too good right now and
yeah drop a like if you enjoyed
referee's because I know you're watching
this drop a like if you enjoyed this
video just thank you so much for
watching this video subscribe if you're
new drop a like if you enjoyed and peace
out guys even at one point during the
game the opponent came up to me and he
was like this is BS that the refs are
giving us too many calls and I'm like
yeah I know so the other team was cool
it wasn't on them I mean they were
admitting that the refs were being one
side
