son they're winning right now 98 to 84
they're up by 14 mind you the Phoenix
Suns have not won a game this whole
season so this could be their first
winter Tyler Ulis setting everything up
in the ovens look at this Tyler Ulis so
underrated so the sun's looking for
their first win
could we be witnessing it right now
98-84 eight minutes left
both can you evolves right here just a
couple of days ago two days ago I was
right there in Phoenix oh I'm surprised
London drop that shit guys the Suns I've
been playing so good today everyone's
been hitting their shots oh oh oh
Josh you should have went up with that
babe the Suns are up by 14 oh my god
who's winning this game songs why'd you
make a little stutters oh I thought oh
okay if that was if that was five years
ago he would have broke the ring but
what do you call it father clock or
father time oh yeah he's getting a
little old if this was five years ago oh
my god who has a nicer beard me or Tyson
huh I don't think so I think mine is
longer than Tyson's which one did you
come to the one the left
Danny's that's our ball Dennis you have
the nerve to be ordered Dennis hasn't
lived long enough to know you can't
bother during this son's game talk
louder talk about it talk about it
please
don't score don't don't score Oh Dennis
wait one second before you go pick up
the food because there's a very serious
issue it's important a lot of my friends
and my family members know like I know
you've only lived here for what a month
now a month and a half maybe you don't
know but no like outside distraction
during the son's game it's strictly
son's basketball if we want to eat you
eat after the mean if we want to go to
the bathroom we go after the game but we
don't do anything during the game as I
understood anything because then what
happens is if the sons lose who's
getting blamed even that's gonna ruin
our friendship so you don't to get in
between you don't mix friends with sons
basketball trust me
so please next time
now go get the food I mean what's done
is done you made your mistake you'll
learn from it
that's what happens but please no more
during the song game we just watch the
game is that cool yeah okay well anyways
guys hopefully the Suns do not give up
this game they're up by eight five
minutes left
but there's the NBA anything could
happen right now in the game Tyson
Chandler Mike James Devin Booker TJ one
Marquis Chris all okay no oh my gosh
turn over oh my gosh turn over I swear I
turn over there no this would be the
sun's first way and it needs to happen
let's get one step no no no no no no yes
go rebound I said Tyson's a young player
beauclerk I hope you guys have heard of
this guy his name is Devin Booker yeah
he's kind of good at basketball I don't
know if you guys heard of him go ahead
shoot it go oh wait a foul on the sides
how was that a fellow Phoenix scat
literally
I hate referees I swear it's 2017 we
should just have machines and automatic
cameras that call everything no more
referees okay one score here make
Brandon happy please oh oh oh - Chris
Chris for three Oh
GJ no the son that 20 turnovers oh wait
I'll go as loud as I used to is now
living a freakin complex Dennis you know
what I just said to the camera why do
reps exist its 2017 I'm sure cameras
that make their own calls like around
the court or machines or computers or
something why the rest exist five-point
game two minutes left
the son need a score here well you've
made your 3ds just exit oh my god oh my
god please don't let the sons lose they
can't choke this game away five-point
game Kings ball less than two minutes
left let's get one stop Phoenix no no no
who else census happened to Dennis who
else does this happen - I don't know
what out please score here guys come on
Booker Booker for three fuck fuck yeah
Booker clucks oh my god no what no what
is going on how do you make that freakin
Gary temple no way wait and they call
the phone wait no way
who is Gary temple coming out of nowhere
that makes Seth Curry I swear checking
Steph Curry's under that Jersey there's
no way Garry Templeton in these shots
the Suns are up by two with one minute
left
wait no wait Gary temple look guys I'm
on my Twitter timeline everyone's
talking about house Garrett temple
hitting the shots look temple is a
career 34% three-point shooter 34% but
of course against the sun's he's
shooting five million percent from three
he's hitting every shot please we need a
stop in the worst way right now we need
a stop okay book regarding George Hill
book on the ball Marquis Christmas wish
there's no wait is actually happening
sounds out a 20-point lead this game 20
just give the ball to Booker
Travel jump on jump on Jamal Jamal Jamal
Jamal Jamal what is going on man I can't
give up this game
tie game 35 seconds left jump ball yeah
this crap is an idiot pass the cell oh
my god
please look the sun's hit this jump ball
yeah good she just ejected
okay we need a score here 30 seconds
left
tie game Booker has the ball my James
with the ball five on the shot off Mike
James his first game starting cuz
Bledsoe got sent home my heart
Oh Mike both Allen nice now it all makes
sense
ever since I was a kid growing up I
always used to hear MJ this MJ that MJ's
the goal and I never really knew but now
it all makes sense
Mike James okay guys so the Phoenix Suns
are up by two points 14 seconds left
Kings ball whatever you do do not give
up a three look a book or third year
ready tell everyone exactly but in
nineteen twenty-one years old he's a
leader out there and what so just
tweeted wow what the bro what is going
on okay let's just win this game 14
seconds left
Suns are up by two and my toes at home
he got sent home early
no mom three no of course they call them
blog of course get rid of ranch on any
found down of course every single cause
so on he's outside though they're
reviewing it no they can't change a I'll
call that reviewed to see who was on and
who's shooting they can review and
change a foul called freakin rest every
single call you've seen in this video
it's been against the Sun every call and
god I actually think I'm going to pass
out because we don't have water we have
my grocery shopping and Soloff not any
water in this freaking room so I've been
drinking these things you have water in
their bank I swear in that bag rigged on
the way back when did this girl not
another one and the stress level of this
game screen so the Kings are shooting
two free-throws they're down by two with
ten seconds left
please wait temple shooting it good
that's fine that's fine that's why you
gotta found out
okay guys Phyllis under up by 1/10 Sigma
this is been a scary meltdown the sun's
had a 20-point lead earlier in this game
and they fled like pretty much the whole
game so the fact that it's this close
it's so scary right now marquise Grace
has 19 points six rebounds Booker has 20
points Josh Jackson has 15 off the bench
now that sounds he's gotta hit their
free-throws it if you actually watch
bender play he's played such good
defensive season I was so sad earlier
from the Bledsoe news I swear I went to
the gym usually I'm all excited and
happy and saying what's up to everyone
this time I walked in there and I was
just like like I was so freaking it was
so bad I swear I was so sad I was so
upset I could barely even play
basketball I didn't want to go I want to
stay home we'll see where it blood
soaked its traded blood-soaked one of my
favorite players wants to play almost
every single game inventor a member of
the Sun I've been a Bledsoe fan for so
long
yeah booger the ball okay
booger let's see P comes up clutch with
two free throw to me after you make
these two free throws please take notes
can you believe there's all just there
are two days ago you're sitting where
the sun's are shooting the free throws
here and now freakin here come on one
more King down by three
put the gun down a wise realize now the
Kings get two shots and there's five
seconds left and they have no more time
out how one office more because the
Kings are down by 300 now and they have
no more timeouts if they have timeouts
down up in a bathtub
Alex land he's trash - let's see if you
can get the rebound
okay okay so the sum that up by one five
seconds left there ball we just got a
hit free throws that's it guys oh my
gosh the Suns are about to win their
first game hopefully hopefully hey
Dennis have an idea let's forget they
played the first three games forget that
ever happen and this is their first game
oh ok Troy Daniels 4 seconds I'll go to
3 for lunch yeah hey wouldn't that be
good let's forget the first two games
ever happen zero wins 0 losses this is
their first game of the season so the
Phoenix Suns if they witness get their
undefeated want to know and I wish it
were claiming no because the 4 ball
always says speaking positions so I'm
going to speak it into existence that
this is the sun's first game they never
played them come on let's see you booger
taught you how to be clutch
okay okay
timeout four seconds left two-point game
Oh
they tell me that shot they look good
tell me that shot gonna look good when
that ball was up in the air I'm froze
the whole world and I told myself that
shots going in all my gosh what a game I
swear I thought this is Derek temple's
damn I'd love to look up what his
birthday was gonna have to be today if
he made that shot so the Phoenix Suns
win their first game of the season and
weird without like so and then their
coach the new coaches want to know all
the new coats gotta go get so drunk
we're not going to go to sleep tonight
hey the other good game ain't any Kings
fans watching this the other good game
they put up they actually put up a good
fight they made it super close and they
think about they were down by 20 and
they made it this scary on the Suns so
hats off to the Sacramento Kings and one
of my best friends Ron melons of Kings
fan about a coma he's gonna hate what
bro melon like that our first wave okay
and the fact that the Sun should have
won a championship in 2007 with Steve
Nash Amar'e Stoudemire
against it but I'm not gonna lie when
the shot went up in the air the whole
world turned into slow motion I swear I
thought the showers going in I swear I
know what the shell was perfectly I
apologize sure yeah both he made that
shot I swear to God evicted from my
apartment this night not even tomorrow I
was good all going crazy
I was looking I was about it looking up
it had to have been Gary temples
birthday he was hitting all the fucking
shots my god of all people I was just
giving my twenty million tomorrow at the
gym
well don't hey don't stress too much
over this loss get some sleep it's okay
so early in the season it look good
today
well now I'm gonna close it now don't
nothin about liquor God we live in great
world like good basketball team
great rest I love the refs today I heard
there's rumors of eliminating referees
up be so stupid rest make the game what
it is and they always make good calls
for the Sun site well you actually gets
alcohol I'm celebrating we won that
Davey Justin that's what I'll do but
son's gonna championship I'm not saying
this season obviously you're everyone
hating oh my god disease and not not
saying I'm saying if they ever knew I'll
probably die before the championship
game even hand I wouldn't be able to
witness the championship yo guys we
celebrating a phoenix suns victory with
some food listen in it here I got some
new here check this out after the
Phoenix Suns win a game here on my hot
takes Devin Booker the next Michael
Jordan oh forget the next Monson Jordan
Devin Booker better than the next
Michael Jordan Josh Jackson Rookie of
the Year Jay Triano's the new Phoenix
Suns head coach who won this game today
the next Gregg Popovich Oh Tyler Ulis
the next Steve Nash
yep that's what happens when the Phoenix
on win again let's go oh there's a
perfect time for you guys to ask me for
things because after the Suns win I'm so
like vulnerable like oh that's fine
whatever you want you gotta bring Benji
here not Bosley mm-hmm hey don't
everything did the Suns win mm-hmm
anything you want
