what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new prank video so for
those who don't know I surprised my
brother with a rare Gucci hoodie just a
couple weeks ago and my brother was in
love with it I mean if you saw his
reaction you would think that douses
first like newborn babies that's how
happy he was no Brendan thank you so
much only before I left to go on my
vacation to Phoenix I'm like Ryan I know
I got this honey for you but can I just
borrow it for the trip and I'll bring it
right back and Brian was so happy he was
like yeah of course we're gonna go you
could borrow it so the prank video today
I'm going to tell Brian that I lost his
rare $3,000
Gucci hoodie in Phoenix and like I said
this isn't just any other regular jacket
Brian was in love with this so we're
gonna see how he reacts I hope this
video turns out good and I hope you
enjoy the rest of this video guys okay
guys so we have the jacket right here
you think Brian's gonna freak out yeah
big-time yeah it's right here
tucked away and we are about to go back
to San Diego Yoga is the funniest thing
Brian just called me and then he goes Oh
Brandon how come you didn't wear my
Gucci sweater I didn't see you wearing
in any of the videos so he's already
like thinking okay why didn't he wear my
coochie sweat it Brian it's right here
cuz you know me I'm evil so whenever I
got a chance to do a prank I get really
excited okay so we're back home we're
gonna leave the hoodie in the car
obviously should I just bring it down
and not do the praying be nice fine see
you Brian it's there for NBA season is
back I swear there's my favorite time of
the year the Phoenix Suns might not have
gotten off to a good start that's an
understatement the Phoenix Suns I've got
off to a terrible start but we fired our
head coach so maybe there's a little bit
of hope depending on who we hired I'm a
Suns fan but I love watching all NBA
games I just love basketball in general
anyways let's go see what the family is
up to
did you guys miss this while I was in
Phoenix the camera coming out at random
time
Bosley what up bro did you miss me
where's all the food I could have swore
I saw snapchat story from rug that there
was a bunch of food here is it gone
every time right before I'm about to do
a prank I get most butterflies in my
stomach I just get super nervous just
have to shake everything off but we're
about to execute this prank I just need
to first of all I think Benji sleeping
oh he's awake
Benji how'd you get the bone okay guys
so I think I'm just gonna have the talk
with Brian on the bed Benji okay hold on
first of all Benji he's too cute I just
want to spend
oh he's TV guys so he's fighting a lot
right now are you gonna be good because
your final buzzer
okay let's do a Superman one two okay
here get your bowl lovely I mean thank
you I call them Alton okay well I cannot
put the came over here but I'm gonna try
to put it somewhere behind the TV I just
need to see if it's a good angle because
I don't know Brian Speer camera
obviously oh wait listen well maybe wait
I need to put something under this this
is always the hardest part of a prank
trying to find out exactly where to put
the camera this is so who's straight and
it's hit him behind the TV guys anyway
guys I'm about to call Brian upstairs
and tell him that I lost a Gucci sweater
that he is in love with $3,000 only
three in the world well that's what the
workers say I'm sure you have lying to
me just to get me to buy it but anyway
supposedly there's only three in the
world and Brian was in love with this
sweater so I want to see how they're
gonna react anyway I'm ready the
butterflies are out I need to get in
prank mode and Brian don't kill me I
know how much you care for your Gucci
things and we're about to call brown
upstairs give me a second guys hold on
baby I'll be back okay so you probably
recall last time I asked you to like
come somewhere and that I needed to talk
to you seriously
you got surprised okay no babe in your
eyes I asked you to like come somewhere
and that I needed to talk to you
seriously
you got surprised with a gift so you
might think that like this is the same
just promise me you won't get happy in
setting up shop if you promise me you
won't get mad I'll tell you right now
I'm not gonna get mad you're not gonna
get mad okay pinkie promise what'd you
do it's not really something I did it's
something that I didn't actually look my
god no see you like you're gonna I
didn't know you're gonna get super mad
that's why I don't want to tell you even
though you're saying I'm gonna get mad
yeah
like it's obvious I'm not dumb but I
know you're going in my head what hurry
I'm just gonna like if you didn't notice
I'm not gonna tell you that we'll leave
it at an angle of until you notice down
Tony but for now no you can't fucking
call me up here and see you have to tell
me something like what can I tell you I
know you're gonna get mad wrong like I
would get a bear to come see now there's
something quite quickly okay well when I
went to Phoenix and I knew I'm gonna go
to Devin Booker house what did I want to
wear so I asked you if I could wear it
you already know what you already know
the gradient yeah okay he let me borrow
it like thanks oh now I'm actually
speaking of which what is it okay well
remember how you called me you asked me
why they wear it yeah okay Brian yeah
I'm sorry
no you're not no I don't know where it
is that's why they wear uh listen I'm
not stupid
it's not about newness it's not about
you being stupid right
why wouldn't I ask you to take it with
me to Phoenix and not weird I don't know
where it is and I tried to call to get
you a new one and the guy said they
don't have it he said they're not gonna
he said realistically you shouldn't ask
if we have any because we're
morning I tried to anyone I was gonna
literally spent three dozen North again
just to get another woman I'll let you
find out that I know it's in your Sookie
in that home and you're in the ring back
tomorrow right just tell me this if it
was in my suitcase in my possession why
would I wear a plain white t-shirt
together boogers out over a Gucci hoody
a rare Gucci hood
you saw what I look to look at health
there was a reason I wear that because I
don't know if I'm actually surprised
that you do that's what I'm saying you
call me you said why don't you wear my
Gucci hey but I still don't believe you
oh okay okay
I understand you wouldn't believe me
because obviously like it's not
something you could just lose it's
expensive but how would you misplace it
is it not about placing title or tell
you exactly on your super let's the
mates
took Brian okay me and Jackie looked
everywhere around the hotel before we
let I didn't want to leave without I
don't even ever be scheduled to fly and
be like yo in at all fuckin hotel right
now I already talked to us about it's
not there I'm telling you someone might
have taken it but if you think that like
I'm lying I so please tell me I lent it
to Phoenix Suns games front row I was
shown on TV and I like to Devon burgers
house why would I not want to wear the
Guccione it's rare it's kinda fucking
hanging it up back in my closet I have
you could check it's not up there I wish
it was Brian I feel like an idiot that's
why I tried to buy you a new one and
they don't have it and I looked online
and the only side they have is XL you're
a small now let it fit you not even
close
they don't even have your size online I
was gonna order it and then try to stall
until you find out but it's better that
I told you cut the shit we did my Jackie
I'm serious like I like I know you
gifted it to me and stuff but like you
can't lose it like I I know I obviously
trust you need to take it to feel like
you bought it for me you can obviously
take it to Phoenix I don't care but I
trusted you enough to you know losing
you don't know the check you don't
freaking ready you're not you're lying
Ryan it's okay okay you keep saying I'm
lying just answer my question then why
would I choose to wear like a plain
washer in a plain white shirt I don't
know
drum roll and I'm sure on to get into
them going up if I had the Gucci sweater
trust me if I have the sweater I would
have loved to wear I didn't know where
what's from the first
but I hided at the airport and when I
got the hotel I couldn't find it to them
very for something I was gonna wear and
I want ended up wearing a plain black
teacher wait where did you lose it wait
wait please I don't know no one called
airport right I was at the airport like
five or six days ago I'm sure if there's
a clue Judy way around somebody would
have taken it especially the one like
that I know but I don't know how it
would be at the airport Brian I just
don't know where it is and like I don't
know it's ready to do it but nothing
else how the body for you my name is
where at once you surprised it with me
you tried it on though so technically
you did we're okay we're gonna be know
what I mean I haven't worn it out I
didn't do anything with it like that you
went to Phoenix the next day after you
surprised me
well technically like I gotta put your
other gift
technically I paid for someone in line
so if I lost it okay people when you
give something to someone it's there did
I appreciate you good thing it's not
home but let's give Oliver how do you
fuckin lose now are you trying to find
daughter I think that mates too
you want to fucking go back there and
try to find the mate I don't think the
mean Brandon no if you call the hotel
yeah looks nice on guys in group like
anybody would want a grind well yeah
obviously it's Eric's there's three in
the world and a half I was one of them
raining you're really doing their little
three though well I'm sure we could fuck
we locked away like a couple months okay
they're fine a fake one because they're
people would probably do you think I
know it's going to open get you a fake
one
stitching might be off wait up in my
jacket I'm actually being serious
where is it is that your house there's
not a mouse Brian radiator you're
talking out my ass off it told you I'll
alert right now I don't have it Ryan I'm
telling you but let's just say right now
we go to a shop with a plane I could
even tell them what they're playing I'm
not gonna get a fake one of those the
woman no I just think I should have like
sparkles and stuff on it and like I'll
Adler oh I'll do the thing where I
caught the blue indigo
don't like I get but you like you got it
for me and stuff as a gift but like you
should have kept me more like you should
say any more care of it like you
should've had your eyes on her like made
sure that I didn't get stolen like how's
that happen you're telling me I don't
know just like Kim Kardashian she would
tell that Bush you got wrong you were
I know just what a thumps I was scared
to tell you but now tell you the truth
someone came over got it
okay this random you're joking you're
literally like you're sinking but you
got all that no I'm not saying that Mary
listen like I'm scared to tell you
because I don't want it to happen again
you know but what if someone actually
came up to in Rob so whatever you want
to do get me my money back I don't know
like where are you going
I don't know what you're doing like I
don't know who's gone downstairs
don't I know I'm just saying like you
can't tell me that you lost like if you
really didn't think me like at least try
to get me another one that's what I try
that that's not working
I could get I'm telling you just give me
a plain black could be Bob liked em but
they don't message me or no no I'll take
care of there's my expected we learned
how to do this in Kenny we're gonna put
the blue in for all the glitter and then
jump off the we're not making a fake one
looking rated where is that actually
come on
I'm come on no you're making I wanted to
put some rings up with it too like that
was the nicest heavy I've ever had a
homer a brain and I'm being serious with
home because now I feel that cuz one a
mug and that you pull out of your ass or
wherever you have it one hugging meeting
you will drive to Arizona tonight it's a
five-hour drive we'll look for a fuckin
on just okay one hook and I feel bad
feel bad for why you're you're making me
feel hey Brennan fuck is wrong with you
wait I think I might know where the
Gucci sweater is I might have put it
like behind the TV kind of under the
left side check over there spinning here
see that might be inside the camera lens
I don't know maybe over here we are
parted oh I think that was me when you
jumped on me Dennis's car where to God
it was a good hiding spot huh yes what
tell me why you're more man here than
the solar lamp opening not really but
still no I just like the way when you
started making jokes I'm like okay
that's weird
it's cut the prank was already going out
for a super long time so I'm like you
know what let me try to make him find
out in the beginning you were like okay
Brad I'm not I'm not dumb I don't
believe you in my head I'm like plug the
prank is already gonna fail in like one
minute but then I called you back down I
was like Brian just listen to me
well guys I'm gonna get the honey really
quick not stole this right here Oh Brian
loves the honey pot you're already
talking about it why are you telling me
I can't take it the Phoenix next time
yeah the real reason I didn't wear it is
because the first game when I went to
the son's game I had my Louis Vuitton
shoes and I'm like okay you can't wear
Gucci would Louis Vuitton then the
second day I was gonna wait to Devon
book his house but they were like holy
shit it's so good to see it
Devin Booker like they were sending me
snapchats and they were just dressed
casual so I'm like okay I'm not gonna
pull up in a Gucci hoodie so I just
dressed casual and then the third day
and then this is mine my favorite hoodie
right you gotta take it out from the
sleeves okay be careful don't stretch it
don't then mom I was planning on wearing
it the third day like the other son's
game but then when I went to Devon
burgers house what did he give me yeah
his Jersey so then I wore that so that's
why I didn't wear Brian not because I
lost it I was planning on winging it and
I appreciate you letting me borrow it
but I'll save that one free borrow for
an execute that you
said you're gonna be yeah there's the
fake one that I hey I told Brian I'm
like Brian it's okay that we lost it
just go give me a plain hoodie and I'll
go print out like the t-shirt shop damp
still looks good we're buying so quick
question actually so so you know you let
me like borrow it to Phoenix take it to
Phoenix yeah but I never use it so do I
still have the one free trip card with
it why not
it's Booker's fall he gave me his
Kentucky Jersey so then I had to wear
that instead of that anyways guys Brian
I got you good mom at first I thought
the prank was gonna fail cuz he was
about to walk out anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this video I hope
you guys enjoyed drop a like if you did
Brian I think you care about Gucci more
than you care about me
no no what no anyway subscribe to this
channel if you're new turn post
notifications on Brian
enjoy your hoodie I don't think you're
ever going to take that off no I'm not
you guys will see my vlog in like two or
three more weeks behind still gonna be
wearing the hoodie
bye guys oh how do I middle east and say
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye okay guys
you guys all know me I'm super against
Ouija boards and I'm super scared of
Ouija boards cuz I don't mess with that
but I feel bad for Brian since I did the
prank on him and I'm careful and Brian
was like Oh Brandon do you want to do a
Ouija board video with me not just a
regular Ouija board video but in the
frickin addict and usually my answer
would be like no Brian you're crazy but
I have a heart and I felt bad that I did
the prank on him so now I'm about to go
up to the attic and do a freakin Ouija
board video with Brian Brian you're
crazy has anyone told you that Oh
many people add me on to that list cuz
you're freaking crazy Brian
