wait guys please keep in mind that the
rest of this video it was filmed earlier
this morning right when I finished
filming the video I checked my phone and
I saw that he got fired oh my god it
hasn't even been one week of NBA season
and the Phoenix Suns are already a show
this is ridiculous guys look let me just
get this out the way before I keep on
with this video I'm a huge Suns fan a
die-hard Suns fan I bleed purple and
orange I will do anything to see this
team win
I love the seam and I've stuck with them
for so long and that will never change
but for the rest of this video I'm going
to be real and I'm gonna speak how I
feel because that's what I do
this is ridiculous the first three games
have been embarrassing pathetic and just
bad there's no sugarcoating it and it's
not on the players this is not on the
players it is above that it's on the
coaching it's on the front office
ownership it's on you guys not the
players this should not be happening for
those who don't know
the Phoenix Suns lost their first game
by 48 points they lost by almost 50 and
it was at home in front of their own
crowd the second game they had again in
front of their home crowd they lost
again the third game which was yesterday
they lost by 42 points guess who became
the first team in NBA history to lose
their first three games two of them by
40 or more points this year's Phoenix
Suns we are way too talented to be
losing games like this when you have
Eric Bledsoe and don't worry I'll get
more into him later Devin Booker Josh
Jackson TJ Warren Tyson Chandler Tyler
Ulis Dragan bender Marcus Chris you have
players to help you win games know they
might not be the best players and no I'm
not saying the Phoenix Suns are a
championship team but they're much
better than how they've started and it's
not on the players it's above that it's
the coaching management ownership it's
on them and this is ridiculous
so the reason I'm making this video
right now and the reason I might seem
upset is because I decided to do it in
the heat of the moment usually when I
get NBA news I wait a couple hours try
to figure it out and then make a video
but no I'm not waiting on this one I
just saw the tweet so I'm making the
video right now if you're wondering
which tweet I'm talking about Eric
Bledsoe who I just saw
coupla days ago in Phoenix after the
sons got killed two games in a row just
tweeted I don't want to be here that's
it he tweeted I don't wanna be here and
you already know a lot of Phoenix Suns
fans are coming out of nowhere and being
like oh he's not talking about Phoenix
maybe he's at a store or maybe he's at
home and he doesn't want to be here no
stop lying to yourselves he's talking
about Phoenix he does not want to play
for the Sun and I don't blame him look
what's going on guys open your eyes the
Phoenix Suns are bad but I'm not just
talking about a little bit bad they are
a historically bad team they're
spiraling downward everything is falling
apart and it's only been three games
blood cells not done he is not stupid he
sees what's coming and he doesn't want
to be here listen guys Eric Bledsoe in
his time in Phoenix has given everything
he had he's played his heart out he's
helped the community he's been the
ultimate professional he's been such a
good leader and this is how the Phoenix
Suns repay him by putting this team on
the court as bad as things got and
Phoenix as bad as the team was Eric
Bledsoe never said something bad his
whole career with the Sun and I respect
that
let's all gave the Sun so many chances
to improve he's stuck with us without
saying a single word he got better every
single season Eric Bledsoe was the
ultimate professional and the Phoenix
Suns screwed him over Eric Bledsoe I
know you and your brother watch my video
if you're watching this you deserve
better I don't blame you for requesting
a trade if that's what it is I don't
blame you for wanting to leave I'm a
sons man I love the sons and you know
that but you deserve better and if you
want to leave nobody could blame you
because you are leaving a team that is
falling downwards last season aired
Bledsoe had the best season of his life
he was putting up numbers that only a
couple players in the league were
putting up you want to know their names
James Harden the Greek freak LeBron
James Russell Westbrook Eric Bledsoe was
in that category stat wise he's helping
the team win games oh and you guys are
know Eric Bledsoe had a little bit of an
injury history last season he was
healthy so he was having his best season
he was healthy and he was helping the
Suns win games so what does the team do
you know they're supposed to reward him
right wrong the Phoenix Suns shut him
down
for the whole season that's how you
reward somebody who's helping your team
win games and playing good basketball
you shut them down and why did they shut
him down to my ass because they were
purposely trying to lose games they were
tanking I know Eric Bledsoe he's a
winner he's not trying to be a part of
that how do you do that it makes no
sense
ever since Eric Bledsoe has been in
Phoenix how many times have the Suns
made the playoffs once twice three away
how about zero zero times Eric Bledsoe
is too good for this Eric Bledsoe is a
good player Eric Bledsoe is underrated
I'm not gonna get into his stat I always
explain how good Eric Bledsoe is there's
always those haters who don't know
anything about basketball that comment
Oh
if Gary butcher was so good blah blah
know if you don't think Eric Lutz was a
good basketball player than you're an
idiot I'm sorry Eric Bledsoe is a good
point guard he's underrated he's just
been put on a really bad team and he
deserves better he's in the prime of his
career he's 27 years old and this is the
time for him to win this is the time for
him to shine if the Phoenix Suns make
changes and they brought in better
players Eric but so would not have
requested this trade he would have never
tweeted that it's not his fault
this is ridiculous guys can someone
explain this to me please somebody
explain this so last year the Phoenix
Suns won 20 games twenty-something games
whatever it was they were last place in
the West dead last a terrible season it
finally ended the off season was finally
here draft time free agency finally time
to make changes to upgrade your team
what are the suns do they sit back and
they go like this and watch every other
team make moves and they just sit back
it makes no sense if you're a good team
then you sit back and let everybody else
make moves and you just watch when
you're a bad team you're supposed to be
trying to get better I don't get how you
win 20 games and this is - the Phoenix
Suns management and ownership how do you
watch a team win 20 games and enter the
offseason and don't do shit how do you
watch a team win 20 games and you don't
make a coaching change how do you see a
team win 20 games and you don't make a
train or you don't bring enough
three aging what are you doing how are
you gonna get better when you don't
upgrade your team when you have the
chance it's ridiculous it's crazy and
now look what's happening three games
into the season the Phoenix Suns are the
laughingstock of the NBA everybody's
making memes about them anybody's
talking smack about them instead we
should be seeing improvement but the
Phoenix Suns ownership and management
doesn't want any of that they don't know
what they're doing and I'm not gonna see
her and act like oh I was older I would
be doing a better job cuz I'm not saying
that coaching needs to change Earl
Watson is not a head coach this is
getting out of hand the Phoenix Suns are
starting to develop a losing culture and
that's the last thing you want with such
a young team you don't want that make
the changes now fire the head coach now
we've seen enough three games this
season and all of last season we have
seen enough make this a winning culture
this team has too much talent the
players are good again I'm not saying
they could win the championship but the
teams should not be losing this bad they
had too much talent and now look what's
happening Eric Bledsoe he wants out look
at the offseason all the three agents
nobody signed in Phoenix because they're
not dumb they know about this front
office they know about this ownership
and to repeat myself for the millionth
time it is not the players I know a lot
of the players out of 15 players on the
Suns I'm probably close with about 10 of
them I talked to them they are winners
they're competitive they put in work
they try to get better they practice
it's the coach that's holding them back
it's the ownership and the management
that is not bringing in players to make
them better it's up there it's not the
players the players want to win Eric
Bledsoe demanding a trade he's 27 he's
trying to play the best basketball of
his life and this team isn't letting him
do it now he's probably scared after
last season oh what if he thinks maybe
if I play too good they're gonna hold me
back again maybe if I play good
basketball the team is gonna not let me
play again that's when you put in his
head and that's wrong Phoenix Suns it's
wrong when was the last time the Phoenix
Suns made the playoffs I was 14 years
old
I'm 22 now it's been eight years since
the Phoenix Suns I've made the playoffs
and if you mean the
eight years ago and eight years later
you're still not in the playoffs
Alice you could say well maybe they're
getting better you know maybe they'll
make the playoffs soon but no the
Phoenix Suns are getting worse over
these eight years it makes no sense
now there's rumors saying that Eric
Bledsoe wanted to be traded in the
offseason he didn't want to come back
after the Phoenix Suns shut him down
last year so if a player wants to be
traded a player request to trade right
let alone a player like Eric Bledsoe who
has done so much for the community of
Phoenix you probably don't see it on TV
or you probably don't see long videos
but Eric Lutz has donated so much of his
money so much of his time to the Phoenix
community so when he comes up to and
requests a trade if that's true that's
what I read we don't know if it's a
honey percent you but if he did that why
would you not grant his request why
would you not do that this is on the
coaching and the management why would
you leave a player on the team who you
know wants to leave that doesn't end up
well we had a chance to get Kyrie Irving
but guess what we don't want to give up
enough assets let me ask you this
Phoenix what are the chances that any of
the assets you didn't want to give up
turns out being better than Kyrie Irving
like if you have a chance to acquire a
super store with a championship ring you
don't say no especially when you're
gonna fire them was still keeping Devin
Booker Booker doesn't want to lose why
would Booker want to stay on the team
wants to lose you got to get better you
see all these teams who were bad and now
they're making moves like the
Philadelphia 76ers the Minnesota
Timberwolves and many others and then
you see the Phoenix Suns who were bad
and they stay bad because they don't
make any moves - Harris Bledsoe he's a
professional so he might come out and
say that the tweet wasn't about Phoenix
maybe he's gonna say that he was at a
store and he wanted to leave or maybe he
was gonna say that it was taken out of
context because he's a professional he
does want to put the team in the bad
spot Eric Bledsoe does not want to be in
Phoenix and you can't blame him he's
good he's underrated and he knows if he
was on a winning team such as the
Cleveland Cavaliers or anything like
that he would be one of the more talked
about players in this league he is
wasting his time he's wasting his prime
in he's wasting his talents he has given
Phoenix so many chances so many off
seasons to
prove and like I said earlier this video
if the Phoenix Suns took those chances
and improved blessa would not request a
train bludsoe would not be tweeting that
Bledsoe would want to stay because he
likes Phoenix he likes it in Phoenix he
has a family here he's married he has a
home here but at the end of the day he's
trying to win basketball games he's
competitive and the Phoenix Suns are not
winning basketball games and they're not
making the changes to give hope that
they're gonna win in the future if they
were losing right now but they were
giving hope like they were making
changes to say look blood so we know
we're bad right now but we're trying to
get better look what we're doing but
they're not even doing that they're
sitting back like this and doing nothing
it's crazy
first it's gonna be Bledsoe then it
might be Booker then it might be Josh
Jackson you never know you need to stop
developing and losing culture or else
nobody's gonna want to play here it's
embarrassing
defeat it sounds used to be one of the
more talks about the teens they used to
be one of the best teams in the league
and now look at this it's embarrassing
Bledsoe once again I'll probably talk to
him later I'm speaking for all Suns fans
and we don't blame you if you leave I
know you're a winner I know you're
competitive I'm the same way even if I'm
playing on a gym for a pickup game that
means nothing I always want to win and I
know Bledsoe you're the same way so if
you want to leave this team because of
all the losing and because of all the
false hope that they've given over the
past few years and because they shut you
down when you were helping them win
games go you deserve it you deserve to
do what makes you happy
you deserve to do what's best for you
and your family and right now that's
playing on a winning team I'm a Suns fan
but this is their fault so blood-soaked
I wish you nothing but the best I know
it's not official yet but I know it's
gonna happen because that's what you
want I'm gonna stick with you at the end
of the day I'm a Suns fan but I respect
you and good luck to wherever you end up
going man this is crazy I just needed to
get this off my chest because watching
these first three games has been brutal
it's been an embarrassment to the
franchise and it's not the players hey I
hope this was all fake and Bledsoe ends
up staying I love everybody so that's my
freakin guy that's my second favorite
player and I've been a Bledsoe fan for
so long he's been so good to Phoenix not
just on the court but off the court it's
the little things but this is crazy
what the Suns are doing and Bledsoe
deserves better I just don't get how you
win 20 games and don't even try to
improve SS you want someone so many
stars were moving teams and so many
changes were being made in the NBA how
do the Suns not get in on that when you
win only 20 games you should be so
desperate to get better and the Sun just
had that I didn't do anything
Bledsoe good luck to you I'm gonna miss
you in Phoenix it's gonna be weird not
seeing you in orange and purple but at
the end of the day I hope the Phoenix
Suns wake up I hope this is their
wake-up call and they realize what
they're doing is not making players
happy Devin Booker Josh Jackson Eric
Bledsoe
TJ Warren they all came from winning
colleges they've been winning basketball
games their whole lives in high school
college at any level they've played at
they don't want to come to the NBA and
start losing games one season is okay
two seasons is fine three seasons of
missing playoffs that's fine but eight
years you think players are gonna want
to come here after that I'm telling you
these young guys that the Phoenix Suns
have they're used to winning they like
to win they were winning in college
they're winning in high school they
don't want to come to the NBA and lose
every single season they don't want to
be out of the playoffs they don't want
to be talked about as the worst team in
the league they don't like that and it's
got to make players leave just like it
is - Eric Bledsoe so Phoenix Suns wake
up make some changes and do what you
need to do to win basketball games
because this is embarrassing and Eric
Bledsoe has the right to be doing this
right now close this video out I just
want to say I love my Phoenix Suns I
love them to death and trust me it would
make me the happiest man on earth for
them to start winning basketball games
again being competitive being good not
being talked about as the worst team in
the NBA and I will always be a Suns fan
that's my team but at this point changes
need to be made but right now they're
just so bad and it's shown and there are
the laughingstock of the NBA
hopefully things turn around hopefully
things can get better and I hope Bledsoe
has a change of heart and stays but if
he decides to leave you can't even blame
him
