back to San Diego it is time to see
Bosley my mom my dad and Brian and the
basketball court will finally back home
guys San Diego I couldn't get any vlog
footage on the plane because they
separated all three of us and these two
lucky ones were in aisle seats and I
just in the middle aisle sitting in the
middle all coupled I was just wandering
in my head like why don't they just sit
next to each other and I said either by
the window or in the aisle but they
didn't want to they didn't want to sit
in the middle so I was just in the
middle of them and yeah I think that's
what huh yeah yeah so me sitting in
between them they were like yes I'm not
gonna lie I'm gonna miss Phoenix I had
so much fun over there and the fans
always show me so much love in Phoenix
Dennis why are you laughing hey how many
fans did you me both
I need to smell the San Diego here am I
allowed to open the window really good
thank you I'm tasting the San Diego here
home sweet home we back baby actually I
would say home sweet home but now that I
went to Phoenix and came back I feel
like my home no I don't want to say my
home is Phoenix I feel like my home is
the Phoenix Suns arena like the
basketball court that's my home stop
just please no please don't tell me give
me one quick second I'll pick up this
video when we come back I think I was on
the trip for four days and two other
people four days might not seem like
much but to me I love my family I'm
always with them so these four days felt
like so long babe are you excited to see
my mom you've been texting the whole
trip you don't even text me when I go on
a trip you text my mom
I do reply oh now that the NBA season
started good luck getting a reply from
me no trust me this year I'm so happy
because you know what now I understand
it and now like I'm into it so like you
guys fun fuck me and bossy are literally
equally lacy you see how he runs away
from Brandon cuz Raiden has so much
energy
yeah I could tell nobody plays when I'm
not here I just made a layup and all the
dust from my eyes I don't know where
Brian is not home and neither is my mom
so I guess I'm just gonna play
basketball till they get back
father did you miss me hi gorgey don't
come okay guys so I think I forgot to
play basketball the whole time we were
in Phoenix like three or four days I
didn't play any basketball so I might
afraid God let's see
my dad was practicing maybe so I figured
out what cartoons oh I forgot how to
play did you play with Devon we're at
his house and I didn't get to play God
look at my mom's new car mom how much do
you like it
two to two months really I'm in love
with it it's nice guy all day it's so
smooth I love everything about it
already comes with the black rims the
AMG the interior two moms Congrats next
one is on us good choice but now we're
gonna attempt to the first dunk
I can't in that hard work pays off when
I sign the video in Devin Booker stop no
I wasn't trying on you know where why
was it your turn
they always try to cheat guys oh I think
I got my memory back I'm not gonna eat
on time and I have a all day
well let's go pausing safe you lost off
that one oh you never lose off that one
oh my god do a point of view on this one
they don't want to see you be a good
basketball player look at this dad I
request a car movement oh my god the
lights look those are sexy come on yeah
can you tell me cold guys dad why don't
you just take my whole vlog why you
Michael just download the video my vlog
and uploading take all my footage just
joking
and mom I'm proud of you you deserve it
Congrats the car is really nice my mom
is in love with a saw I'm proud of her
buzzer do you like the new car let's go
play some basketball come on okay
buzzer keep being lazy keeping lazy let
me know how obesity treats you buzzy
yeah yeah the two ladies dad oh okay you
left the lights blue you left them blue
go ahead and leave them blue like I
don't have any feelings
my dad shows me that the lights could be
orange and he goes old for the sons and
then when I'm not looking he changes
them to blue and to make things worse
dad the sons are about to play the
Clippers today Clippers are blue so
you're doing this on purpose why are you
laughing are you sure you don't want me
to survive it for you
I'm missing out on all the fun you you
keep parking in front of them and
telling me how I want to see if this car
is as smooth and as sick as my mom makes
it out to be so we're gonna try it prove
us on your ID or lock it uh-huh did you
see that okay now I'm gonna record
because I don't trust them recording
vlogging okay
listen did you wipe your feet okay you
should be more worried about my hands I
was playing basketball
oh no the steering wheel please oh do
you have gloves no I forgot you rash
oh hey doesn't feel good being in the
passenger seat
first and foremost guys look how short
my mom is okay where's the oh wait you
actually put a key in this one yep
so step one I know how to turn the car
on that's good yeah way no oh my god sly
Kristen remember how many time we used
to go but when you start I swear to gosh
what I did I know she was literally like
this oh my god I gotta break with my
food yeah she would be mom what are you
pressing there's no break over there you
can't stop the car from where you're
sitting okay so mom where's the
emergency record did you not put it on
night in put it on okay what did you do
I put it in Drive okay easy so my mom
doesn't want me to take it out into the
street mom talking about being selfish
I'm just joking so we're just gonna stay
in the community mom you owe me go left
all right um not that okay
mom don't worry I'm going 12 miles an
hour yeah and don't waste my guests are
gonna lights be careful you know why is
this light coming from I have no frickin
idea I swear to god you turn it on where
did it go where is this light coming
from turn it off
careful okay whatever okay guys so my
mom doesn't want me to vlog and drop
before so I respect it so how do you
like it really okay well it is as smooth
as you say maybe if I go faster then no
no no no no no no but bromine is I know
I'm serious it's it's super smooth the
seats are really comfy it feels like I
have a pillow right here and no I like
it I love the interior and just
everything did you fuck hi mom it was a
coyote I saw a little coyote mom dumb
has ended hopefully you went to the
house exactly Oh
no when you look in the oppressor I saw
him right right but you were looking at
me you only saw the end ma
o how many time I tell you I see them a
lot no I no went to the left but they go
freaking so fast and what a live guys a
huge coyote ran right and fly mom get
out close it wasn't only you recording
us we recording near the street when I
saw your face and I turned I saw
something jumping on the other side
scared me today I don't even want to
drive this right now I'm gonna go back
go back
there's always so many coyotes and
you're like I'm sure you've seen mine or
Brian's snapchats and every time we
drive especially a night in the but
never this close behind there this one
was so close to the from on oh my god I
saw your face you're alright and I go
what the hell and I turned that camera
and I see that thing running to the
other side all hours thinking was okay
new car about a hit a kite like no we
don't want to miss the car with the
coyote huh the car I fell for the kind
of course we always like sometimes seen
it from a distance but never this close
mom okay mom I apologize for breaking
hard but there was nothing I could see
now I know that you're not driving my
car well go tell the coyote not to come
to front of you anymore how fast they
run but good thing you didn't hit him
never let Bosley by himself
yeah are they that close to her house
yeah just by the time my voice was
coming back I screaming winter house I
always tell my family guys never leave
Bosley alone in this area Dennis a
coyote was this close to like I almost
hit a car I had to slam on the brakes it
was so close in my mom you should have
seen it from the beginning it was huge
too like if we hit it would have been a
huge deal I was like
this is why we let Danny's control the
Ox in the car who you talking to
you guys have not purchased the
commercial-free music so today's first
commercial to me bruh waz incorporated
go subscribe on YouTube and go back to
the song okay go let's see it lets see
it and then when it goes back up you
gotta be on the same okay wait but you
go way back body like a back road drive
home with my eyes closed I don't
like the back of my head going 15 in a
30 I ain't in no hurry I'm gonna take it
Dennis what are you doing but we're out
the car hold on by myself why what is
this practice for you so next carpool
karaoke I don't think dennis is gonna be
messing up anymore why why can someone
just tell me why this has to happen to
me why what did I do when I was a kid to
deserve this
please someone tell me I don't know guys
I just well time to watch what do you do
you think it's funny
Dennis I'm here for my team ready affirm
guys I don't know go signs okay one more
time don't worry can someone explain to
me why Earl Watson feels the need to
have two centers in the game at the same
time cuz it doesn't really make sense to
me and can someone else explain to me
you know what a book but can someone
else explain to me how dragon bender
plays his best game of his life
yesterday and he barely gets any minutes
today how does that make any sense
way to kill someone's confidence coach
and the other thing I want to explain to
me is why is Mike James on the court
taking Tyler Ulis to spawn the rotation
the sons are rebuilding Ulis is young
like it just makes no sense I don't know
guys I love the sons but this is it's
hard to watch right now okay guys so I'm
here to close the video out right now
but before I do my little output I just
want to say something about the Phoenix
Suns so look the team is way too
talented to be losing this
that I don't think it's coming from the
players in my opinion I think it starts
at the top it's coming from the coaching
I honestly feel like we need a new coach
Earl Watson is not getting the job done
look if we keep her a Walton as an
assistant or as some other part of the
organization that's fine he's not a bad
person he's just not meant to be a head
coach we need a new coach
we need a new culture before this gets
out of hand and I'm not just talking
about this season I'm talking about when
teams start to lose too much they
develop a losing culture and that's the
last thing that sounds wrong and trust
me I know the sons don't have all the
best players on their team but they're
not this bad it's coming from the top
the players they put in way too much
work they're way too talented we're
young we're fun we're exciting there's
no way we should be losing this bad it's
either coming from the ownership the
coaching the GM it's not coming from the
players on the court it starts at the
top and I feel like we need a new head
coach and it wouldn't surprise me if
Earl Walton is fired soon because man
there's no way a team with this much
talent you got Devin Booker Eric Bledsoe
Josh check there's so much talent on the
team there's no way they should be
booing this bad so I don't know I feel a
new head coach coming soon it's not the
players they put in way too much work
this offseason and it shouldn't
translate to losses like this anyways
guys I hope you enjoyed this video I'm
finally back from my vacation it was
great to see my family again I just want
to thank you guys so much for watching
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
drop a like if you did subscribe if
you're new term post notifications on
it's gonna be notified every time I
upload which is almost every day other
than that Brandon here aka paratus and
I'm out peace out guys of course when I
try to go on a test drive with my mom's
car like you guys might not think it's
like scary or whatever but the coyote
was so close to the car I wish we were
recording the street I think my mom was
recording me I'm gonna double-check the
footage when I edit this video I hope
you got it just to show how close it was
guys and I know you might just think oh
you were you would've hit an animal who
cares but it's actually a big guys I've
heard some like crazy stories or I've
seen some pictures after people hit like
deer or coyotes and
