okay guys felt this is today's outfit we
tried to do a little cool whatever but I
can't keep a straight face when I'm just
standing like this whole time but shout
out to Devin Booker for the Jersey this
is actually game-worn from his closet
you wore when you was in college and
look it's the night Keeley version with
the print in the background so you
already know I'm gonna rock it to
today's game and guard five foot three
out of El Salvador
maybe those Lakers for sons I'm a sons
fan so you know it's be LA all day and
we gotta come back from that game at
that first game that the sons played
look hey Dennis how about this let's
just forget that the season started last
let's just act like the season starts
today okay last game never happened is
that cool everybody so the sons play
their first game of the season today so
let's see if the sons can win their
first game no guys first of all P say
what up to the vlog we got Casey rock in
the Phoenix Suns headband hey but guys
I'm sitting here chillin on my phone and
I got a notification that aired little
might not play in tonight's game Vlad we
need you out there I want to see my guys
play
look at that baby we in downtown Phoenix
Suns baby let's get it look at all these
Lonzo jerseys this is Suns County bro yo
guys I know there's a lot of people who
watch my videos that are Laker fans so
today's game
it's all love may the best team win it's
all love hey today I the Suns famous
beat LA I know a lot of people take it
to her
Oh Brandon you I want the Lakers win not
everybody has to like the same team if
you like the Lakers and I like the Suns
I respect that not everyone has the same
favorite team so we're like literally on
the floor it's so crazy it's so cool you
like her too
I love this team
hey you're a traitor babe
yo guys the whole crowd right there
that's where Lavar ball he's staying in
a suite look he's right there look look
good pretty much the whole arena is
almost empty and then you see lebar
balls sweet that's crazy
where the rest of the note only two suns
I don't
oh there we go there's Bledsoe oh yeah
let those playing by the way guys
that yard successful use real animal
and now let's go
everyone
so many a booking wing the shoes you
told me you were gonna wear the
off-white makkac arrived
the shop let's go
okay okay
two more the left leg three better debug
yesterday I told him he should trademark
it when we were watching the Laker game
I'm like along the ways are likely to
you should trademark because we work
okay guys so we came backstage really
pleased but everytime we go back to the
court look we go through like this
little tunnel it makes me feel like a
player and I'm going to the locker room
when in reality I'm a nobody and this is
just a regular tunnel but I feel like
I'm a player going out to the court
when he fell my heart stopped like a
damn B anymore
and then when he got up it started
reviving again he's okay don't worry
okay guys so it's halftime right now the
Suns are up by three Booker has almost
20 points at halftime and TJ Warren also
has almost 20 points
so pokers
let's go
Oh
that's Nance you think book is going to
back down from a little bush
guys so what happened there Booker
fouled one of the Laker players and then
Larry Nance came and he like elbowed
Devin Booker but he didn't come to his
face he did like a little baby elbow and
walked away and then Booker wasn't taken
and he came back and shoved Nance
we'll get the rest master plan to make
the sons lose come on talk about it
oh now you stop talking on the music
stuff I want to know the master plan
tonight for some
by the fourth quarter we need to start a
comeback now or else it's not looking
too good
almost a triple-double for Booker 1911
and eight he needs two more six and then
have a triple-double and I witnessed it
live
good
sundry down by six with three minutes
left let's go
oh that would go
okay Suns down by four and nine seconds
left we need a quick bucket
me
yeah
a fellow named Sally let's go TJ
this is Maya right here Devin Booker
sister super nice awesome
showing some love in the comments
yo guys I just wanted to give a huge
shout out to Devin Booker his family for
all the hospitality they were all really
really cool and then I got to me his mom
his sister his interior designer and
everybody man then also shout out to
Eric Bledsoe who told me that he was
trying to get me to go to his house
after I went to Booker's house so I
could have had another video up for you
guys imagine that going to Devin book
his house and Eric lets his house in the
same day that would be like a dream come
true but the kids had it back-to-school
night so we said we'll do it next time
so at least now you guys know next time
I come to Phoenix video I eric bledsoe
is home so i appreciate the hospitality
from all the players they showed me so
much love and and I really respect that
yo guys to close this video I just
wanted to say that the sons fought a
really hard battle that they almost came
all the way back they had a chance to
close it out but things just didn't go
their way at the end
Lonzo ball had a good game here almost
30 points and the Lakers beat us and
everybody has their own favorite team
I'm a son Stan some of you guys might be
a Laker Spanish so Laker fans Congrats
the Lakers beat the Suns other than the
game I just wanted to once again thank
all the players and the Phoenix Suns and
the players families for showing me so
much love I just want to take a moment
and like look back just a couple of
years I think it was just two or three
years ago I used to be like a huge huge
fan who like would die for just a
picture with a player and let's say I
got one picture or one autograph
I was freaking like call my mom and say
mom oh my gosh I just took a picture and
like I would spend a bunch of money on
tickets just to like try to get one
picture now it's crazy how am i cool
with the whole team they just come up to
me and say what's up and it's just
ridiculous guys it's crazy how things
work and next time I'm out in Phoenix
guys who knows I might link up with
Devin Booker again but I know for sure
I'm a link up with Eric Bledsoe I wish
we won today it was so crazy TJ Ward hit
those free throws and what I came out
perfectly Booker had that scared fall
but I talked to him after the game and
he said there was his lower back
I was scared what he felt it was good it
was maybe like his head or his leg but
it turned out to be just his lower back
so he'll probably be really sore oh then
he showed me his elbow his elbow look
bad but I don't think was anything too
too serious which thankfully because it
looked bad when it happened I'm glad
he's okay because like forget basketball
forget the Sun season if Devin Booker
was hurt I know knowing him now has a
president I know how much he cares about
basketball how much he loves basketball
so he would be so upset if he had to
miss time and he just loved the game so
I'm glad things okay and I'm glad he's
still able to play he hit that three and
he made so many buckets after his injury
so that's it was impressive anyways guys
last thing I wanted to get into if it
was not for SeatGeek which is a ticket
company I would not be able to have this
amazing experience if you guys click the
link in the description down below it
will lead you to see geek and honestly
if you're going to any sporting event
any concert or anything like that
see geek is the way to go trust me and
as you see it being the easiest way to
get your tickets wasn't good enough just
know that if you go to see geek and use
my promo code ba then you get twenty
dollars back on your first purchase so
hey I don't see why you wouldn't do it
guys once again thank you see geek
because I had a great great time other
than that guys I wish the Phoenix Suns
won but they didn't I hope you guys
enjoyed this video drop a like if you
did subscribe if you are new term post
notifications on I need to get some
sleep and start packing because we're
going back to San Diego tomorrow peace
out guys
