guys the second I turn the camera off
Dennis a 2 is 2 2 right now
Devin flex is on camera camera is off
you lost both times
Dennis okay I'll turn the camera that's
what you want you can brush I don't
bathroom I guess see why there's a lot
of firms Milo theater room couple of the
juries I've been trying to find them for
a while you see if I can find one in my
club
this is one outside by the place who
knows how about some Oval Office
just got some new cells almost burnt up
yet okay so he grabbed that going house
you what is up I come on yeah oh boy
awfully I have the 90 somewhere these
just came in hyper dogs my play you
might know they say a couple pairs of
shoes - I'm gonna turn around and pull
it out I got a white one there you go
game 1 game warn you now I'm gonna be
dropped in this one I don't will say 42
over 28 dollars that's but will still
say 40 probably benefit this way I'll
take take all this out so we still need
some more financial aid ok there Dierks
on these running dirt 70 points
I was told you saw every call we be
legen by the way for those of you just
watch my videos and don't watch
basketball we're not joking about the 17
this is doing really slow except you've
no purpose in every college I can't go
to food
okay this is a little setup he's a gamer
and I got a lot of gaming
he likes Call of Duty yeah do you love
he plays Call of Duty 2 K does this look
yellow care - Rose its that's his
brothers are here to see us the I don't
know what they call this the meeting
could go into oh come on right yeah
familiars another name for it my brother
would know this is my brother Brian
watch the ping pong
okay guys I got a rematch yeah it's
going left-handed but I got something if
Devon beats me with his left hand I got
something for you is that Brandon on the
floaties you want to give him a black
eye
they look forget the path he's gonna
play with this forward right now my
serve you might have it one up to 11
short game
- never done yeah don't try this at home
father wind she couldn't talk I wasn't
trying when it was daytime it comes out
at night for to bulk up done for my
camera bugging them so if you guys are
wondering why you can't go live anymore
my name
here thank you for coming through give
my and Yvonne all lines here how the
links in the description down below so
go so much along web pages to be super
happy right there I think it's chocolate
thank you for coming over we catch the
game right now he's out to Mike he's
gone though
trusting you lots of more cameras
mind um his father got his a shot and
took off did she do my favorite part of
the hotel we got I got a piece so bad
we got popcorn drained and there's like
a little buffet but they closed it so
we're just gonna have this for dinner
just joking hey where are we gonna go as
you already know Raising Cane's they
don't have it in San Diego so every time
we come to Arizona that's where we ended
up eating is so bomb look that's the one
thing Arizona hath over San Diego
Raising Cane's San Diego step it up you
need to build one Dennis I think the
soda and popcorn is for guests only
don't you who stay at a house down there
yes babe we can use the soda I don't
know what Dennis is doing
wai-wait oh so I guess Dennis scavenge
the trashcan to find out what they were
serving earlier chicken tenders pasta oh
he was right about the chicken noodle
soup Dennis you got a good eye it was
really chicken noodle soup do you hear
that you know here Dennis
bo just cuz you got the soda no bro
just cuz the soda was only for guests
and you got the soda doesn't mean no
that doesn't bro I'm just joking guys we
chill with Dennis right now and look
what did I promise you guys I told you
we would end up getting canes so that's
what we did and we're gonna end the
night right now Dennis you trying to go
home or guys I don't know what was up
last night but Brandon was hugging me so
tight like all night like he was like
shivering of coldness usually he sleeps
in the hoodie but I need to see what he
was wearing yesterday because he
literally wouldn't let go of me he's
sleeping but I mean what is he sleeping
babe really no guys I didn't really
sleep in this I think I'm gonna get it
framed when I go home because I don't
want to wear this out it's game worn by
debug so I'm trying to have it up in my
room
I picked this hoodie up from the Phoenix
Suns team shop when I went to the game
the other day and I'm also gonna be at
the game tonight
so Lakers first Suns you guys know me on
the Suns fan so it's be LA all day once
again if you guys are at the game don't
be shy to come up say what's up take a
picture and just come see what's up
last thing I want to say before closing
this video out is I know I told book to
his face thank you you know I appreciate
him having me over but I really do I
appreciate the hospitality from him his
brother Mike and it was really cool
hanging out spending the day over there
I remember just a couple years ago it
was just two years ago I used to like
stay up all night trying to find the
best tickets so I could go to the son's
games and I would try to sit by the
locker room just to get something signed
like a small autograph or just to get a
quick picture with one of the players
and now two years later you know I'm
chilling at my favorite players house
it's just crazy how things work
obviously I owe a huge amount of this to
you guys because if you guys want to
watch my videos you guys want to
subscribe to me then this would have
never happened so thank you guys so much
for that obviously oh by the way book
next time if you want me to try with big
bucks I didn't want to embarrass you on
camera because you know you're not
usually in my videos now I'm just joking
guys look Devin Booker it's freaking
good at ping-pong I don't care about
anybody's head he was going left he beat
me with his freaking phone what the hell
is that now but don't worry I got a
ping-pong table at my complex so I'm
gonna go home
i'ma practice every single day I'm gonna
come back and I'm gonna skunk debug
forget eleven old skunk I'm gonna go all
the way to 21 21 zero next time just
joking I suck at ping pong anyways guys
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it drop a like
if you did subscribe if you are new
other than that Brandon aka virata's and
I'm out peace
