it's 10:21 we're getting picked up by
our uber at 10:40 to go to the airport
but I need to finish uploading this
video for you guys and just look if this
isn't classic Balad it's I don't know
what is classic but I need to start
packing listen guys I would have already
been packed that I wanted to get this
video up for you guys I didn't want to
miss her upload today but tonight is the
Phoenix Suns game we're about to fly to
Phoenix Jackie is getting dropped off at
the airport so we're gonna meet her
there 10:40 and boom don't test me I got
it done guys now the obras downstairs
and we got to go oh shit I gotta
remember to turn off all the lights if I
left like this and came back my electric
bill would be a million dollars I'll be
asking Devin Booker for some money to
pay my electric bill we have to roll we
have burritos you guys already know wait
Dennis they can't hear me because of the
bags I'm just joking let's go guys you
already know I have to bring my gym bag
bag I had to bring my basketball shoes
in my basket ball in case we play
basketball Phoenix we don't have to stop
in this office oh wait slow down it's a
bum bum
the speed limits lower on the bump I do
have a history of missing flights it's
all because I don't want to miss uploads
let's just try to make our fly bro I'm
not trying to miss the first son's game
oh and if you're wondering why I didn't
fly to Phoenix yesterday if you're
wondering why I flew today the day of
the game is because yesterday I wanted
to play basketball at night we had a
basketball game and I didn't want to
skip it so now here I am I didn't fully
finish my video but i almost finish some
finishing it in the / o we playing the
slabs I can't wait to be at the games I
can't wait to see my boys I gotta fuck
my life I got a blog my journey but um
yeah guys I finally finished my video
okay hold on guys I'll pick up the puck
in a little bit guys I haven't seen
Jackie and so long I can't believe I'm
about to actually see her last night she
slept with her family cuz just were
going on vacation she wasn't gonna see
them for a while so she decided to sleep
at home and out the first time I didn't
sleep with Jackie I would I said babe
without I have to have too much learn
about the United States I'll help you
study but I wasn't even in the street
by way of me yeah Oh buddy know what I
found out we can't go to Canada I can't
go out of the country
I'll sneak you in the bag no I swear
don't worry about
I have to finish my video it's
dedication for you guys what bug Dennis
has is in his hand reach into my pocket
please you didn't bring me much
that's for you we could have half it
wasn't really for her but I forgot to
bring her one so I'm just trying to save
me
okay guys and really quick because I
know there's a bunch of haters who will
take any chance to hate on my girlfriend
there's a big time for her and I'm proud
of her
so way to ruin the moment
name one branch or part of the
government bring Phoenix here we come
I can't wait Suns games seeing all the
players and a lip vlog hopefully you
guys like the flog
that's what before that on the
basketball court beautiful San Diego
we're good at this
guys we're helping do they have a NBA
version of the citizenship I'll pass
that so easily Dennis how does it feel
to be back at Phoenix enjoyment said
really you know everyone here knows it
connect show me I know everyone okay so
what do you know here so John he doesn't
know where you were no one knows here no
one said hi okay say hi to the next
person so for those who don't know
Dennis actually lived in Phoenix Arizona
and then he moved out to San Diego but
now he's back okay guys so we just got
off the fly we're walking to pick up our
baggage and we mean supporter number one
Hector you know what's poppin guys so
the only reason why I came here is
actually just a little bit broad is I'm
shaking right now let's go is absolutely
amazing but it's awesome man so that's
extremely humble dude thank you thank
you thank you
okay guys so we're about to head over to
the son's game right now we just
finished getting ready and I honestly
can't wait to watch everybody who knows
me knows that I'm a die-hard Suns fan
like I love this team to death and to be
there in person is going to be amazing I
know a lot of people aren't privileged
to be all the way down sitting courtside
so what I want to do is I want to vlog
and try to make it seem like you guys
are right there sitting courtside with
me I want to make you guys have the
experience make you guys feel like
you're right there this going out to the
Phoenix Suns I hope you guys have a
great season we might not be the best
team in the NBA but that doesn't change
where my heart is I love the Phoenix
Suns I hope a healthy especially a
healthy season after what happened to
Gordon Hayward yesterday which was crazy
obviously players up to him he got so
much love from the NBA community so I
hope a healthy season for the Suns I
hope we see a lot of improvement and
obviously I tweeted out that I was gonna
be at the game so I hope that I meet a
lot of you guys every time I meet you
guys it makes my day so I hope a lot of
you guys are there don't be shy to say
what's up don't be shy to come up take
pictures whatever you want is it
I'm from San Diego born and raised but
the Phoenix Suns arena feels like home
to me
I think that's bad then if you came to
Phoenix you're home and I'm at the arena
it
it's not broken who said his jumper was
broken it's not poke
okay bugger
yo guys so we're at the game I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little disappointed you
got a red debug that's the guy we're
gonna pick Jackie up you looking at
right yeah you look good might see
that's just like what you win we had
some technical difficulties with
Jackie's first outfit but we got it
fakes debug and you were already a
million percent sexy now you're a
million and another million
my eyelashes came off my feet would
my eyebrows
my favorite Robeck I really want let's
go
so guys we have like backstage access
there's like a whole buffet if you come
back and get food whenever we want and
then this is the entrance to the court
so dope it feels like we're going
through the locker room look all the
seats are up here right above
you won't believe it Dennis and keys are
the freaking burgers I don't know how
this happen or what they have to do but
they're freaking burgers
I take it to the gym every day to play
basketball we train from these let's go
Keith bring the jeans
let's go keys I played basketball with
you two let's go
let's go please
oh god if you have to let's go shout out
getting to Keith let's go no way they
get a trophy too
nohe the can say that cheerleaders only
the trophies the sons might be down by
15 but at least keys and dinners got the
win what just happened
I'm freaking turn to my side and get
into the hamburger like blood and qisas
freaking throwing ingredients on the
ground
whoo I'm glad I'm not the only one who
noticed the whole entire arena no dude
we're down by 25 at halftime
I don't even know how this happened I
think I'm the bad luck I really think
I'm the bad luck like if me not coming
to any more games helps the sons win
then just let me know and I'll stop
coming trust me
I put the sons winning above my
happiness so if I'm the bad luck Phoenix
Suns please let me know and I'll stop
showing up
or maybe Jackie's the bad luck forget
forget me be my I think it's Jackie ever
since you bought the book or sure and
you came down here hey Dennis I need you
to come down now
a stress that this game is giving me I
need a massage keep scoring keeps going
just keep doing it and keep making them
more stressed keep ruining my trip keep
doing it Damian Lillard
oh no just keep scoring Damian Lillard
as if someone sitting here doesn't have
feelings I'm a sons fan and I have
feelings too keep scoring keep doing but
like I said I'm two fans I'm saying the
whole game I have a smile on my face I
might be lying I love the Sun but I
honestly can't believe this
all players to the injured worker don't
need
hey guys so butchers right there that
corner he's getting stretched out by the
trainers on cleaning up they post
something on his pad yeah I think I
think it's plan
the look of our head coach explains
everything today that's my move same
mood post on the Oh coach we're already
down fifty you can't get much worse did
you want me to play a meal courtside
look I got my basketball silicon so so
I'm gonna check into the game I'm right
here think about it it can't get worse
even if I play tonight
I'll plant a few units I don't mind I'll
play for you doctor baby's done blending
guarding guards on the perimeter
Oh same
once entire buff
well at least we didn't lose by 50 we
lost by 48 so I guess that's a plus now
I'm just joking guys obviously tonight's
game was crazy and I hope it's not a
sign of how the other games are gonna be
this season
honestly the Sun just got outplayed you
can't make excuses you can't blame the
rest you can't do anything except just
admit that the Phoenix Suns got out play
badly I honestly I don't even want to
talk about the game hopefully it was
just the first game if they could shake
it off because I love this team and I
never want to see them struggle like
this the looks on the players faces said
it all they all looked so disappointed
upset mad but they gotta bounce back
this is a big boys league it's the NBA
and nobody's gonna feel bad for you so
you got a bounce bag and try to win the
next game anyway although the Phoenix
Suns did not win this game I just wanted
to say that I still had an amazing time
and this amazing time that I had was all
thanks to seat geek for those who don't
know what city kids it is a ticket
company and it's the fastest easiest
cheapest way to get your tickets you can
download the app actually you could
click the link down below but not only
is it the fastest easiest cheapest way
to get your tickets but on top of that
you get $20 back on your purchase if you
use the promo code ba that's it b8c geek
is the whole reason i was at that game
they got me those tickets and i was that
close to all my favourite players
because i'm singing other than that guys
we've had a really really long day
me and Jackie she's already fun oh I
thought she fell asleep she's falling
asleep right now we had a really long
day I just hope you guys enjoyed this
video once again I wish the Phoenix Suns
won obviously I love that other than
that please drop a like if you enjoyed
this video thank you so much for
watching subscribe if you are new and
Brandon aka burr wants oh by the way
shout out to all the Phoenix Suns
players for showing so much love they
all came up to me you know talked to me
and they they all showed so much respect
so shout out to them Devin Booker Eric
Bledsoe Derek Jones Alan Williams Josh
Jackson Tyler Ulis TJ Warren Dragan
bender marques Christie they all freakin
like showed so much love so thank you
guys so much other than that guys I'm
out I'm gonna get some sleep before I
have to edit this video followed by the
way for once in your life big you can
watch whatever you want on TV we don't
have to watch SportsCenter
refused to watch a sports show tonight I
don't want to see any highlights of the
sun's I don't want to see it the scores
showing up at the bottom I just want to
forget about this game so babe put
whatever you want on TV as long as it's
not sports
I never thought those words would come
out of my mouth
