oh there's random paper all over the
floor because NBA season starts today
oh I'm walking on a carpet I don't care
because NBA season starts today
oh look red exit sign but I don't care
because NBA scene starts to day Mikey
doesn't work but I'm here because indie
scene starts today just joking it
doesn't but I want to make it totally
because any scene starts today yo guys
I didn't finish editing my video this
morning but I wanted to play basketball
with my friends so bad so I brought my
laptop and I'm editing in between breaks
while I'm at the gym it's so weird but
hey I need to edit my video and I also
wanted to play basketball which house
recording earlier should I go show them
all the glass on the floor will look the
light turn back on okay if you ever come
play here just know that half the people
here including myself and Rimmel have
anger-management problems when they play
God so we were winning and someone on
the other man all the glass shattered on
the floor we all clean the glass though
we all came together on the court and
push the glass to the side so we could
keep playing
what is this you guys call it a
weightlifting I wouldn't know about this
I usually ask 20s but now for the camera
he picked up 60 okay go
what do you weigh what is he listening
to Sam huh body like a back road Oh his
neck shaking he's shaking okay
hey so much so much hey not the Irish
state whose body looks nice at the end
of the day
and get on my way put it on nothing yeah
we get there early we wouldn't care that
much but this seems kind of dick cocky
if we lose if you lose what if we lose
we're all retiring from basketball how
about that the team we're playing is
undefeated but we got so much confidence
we'll retire for basketball I'll hang up
my shoes Paul you ready for NBA season
so a last prediction last time you
predicted the Lakers would beat the Suns
but I'm giving you one more chance to
change your prediction I'll be there on
Friday what do you think is gonna happen
Lakers win by three yeah okay we'll come
back to this Oh Dennis we owe Paul an
apology
every time we come here after the gym we
probably smell like I'm surprised you
don't wear a mask when you cut our hands
you've dealt with worse okay that's
that's funny
check it sometime Dennis I think this is
your freshest cut so far bro you look
good like a snake I swear and guys don't
judge me for vlogging with my iPhone my
camera died so it's in the car hey
Dennis why don't you take a seat you
know I wanna I'm gonna fix you up you
know what let me get the Clippers let me
fix you up
no you sure they don't know who we're
waiting for right now guys we're waiting
for someone to show up cuz he's gonna
get cut my pole just just just watch
we'll wait for him
uh-oh I don't know if you guys are ready
I had to step out of the barbershop
because I was too hyped to see who's
about to get a haircut Jay I'm almost
done editing my video this is what
happens when I don't finish before I
leave the house I got to take the laptop
to the gym I got to take the laptop to
the barbershop
yeah I'm gonna be getting my haircut
while editing you gotta get the videos
done somehow no matter how it's done you
got to get them up for you guys who's
Brian he looks like a snag Oh nah he
doesn't look good because he didn't have
a haircut but today though I can't wait
for it tonight is it game time yet
Sherman you waiting for anybody sir I
could take you right here what would you
like you don't really have a choice
because only thing I know how to do with
the ball oh my God look if you have a
girlfriend I feel bad for her cuz you
have girls hopping all over you now
the game was over we're up by 12 with
five seconds left Alden got the rebound
the guy came from the back and shoved it
from the back guys I heard the other
team talking after the game and all I
heard was Oh at least now you're gonna
be well-known all over YouTube and if
you want to get socked in the face just
to I guess look cool on YouTube I don't
know that can't be me it's a rematch
baby let's go I can't wait hmm listen
listen listen this team is just talking
and talking tough I'm ready I'm so ready
when these are the same boys that came
from the back and shove my cousin like
that's family and especially the fact
that I overheard them saying oh at least
not gonna look cool on YouTube like bro
it did that serious to look cool on
YouTube their players ended up getting
suspended obviously cuz it was their
fault you saw they came from the back
and shoved my cousin but you know
obviously after the game we went up and
it was just in the heat of the moment I
know half the guys on that team they're
not bad people they're not dirty players
so it was just weird that that happened
but it's no hard feelings we're grown
man and we're gonna see who takes the W
tonight they're undefeated they're
number one in the whole entire league so
at the end of the day we want this
rematch but they're a good team I'm real
and I admit it they're a good team so
we're gonna have to play our butts off I
love when it's a game best height as
this I guarantee you guys we're not
losing right here right now I'm standing
here in front of the camera and I will
do whatever it takes to win this game as
long as we win tonight that's all that
matters other than that guys I can't
wait for the rematch I hope you guys
enjoy the rest of this video and just
remember I never ever guarantee a win I
always say I'll try my best but today
I'm standing here and I'm looking the
camera right through the legs and I'm
telling you guys I will not let my team
lose how about let it happen so we are
going to win tonight watch guys if you
can't play then we gotta try to think of
something okay bro I'll let you know
alright peace I was gonna leave right
now but now I'm like super stressed I
gotta try to find someone but I'm gonna
leave soon guys this is crazy
our game starts in less than an hour
three people from my team flaked on me
obviously not for no reason they all had
legitimate reasons I'm not upset but I'm
just saying this is crazy
so one
is playing okay that's first and
foremost we got Dennis now I just need
to find one other player it's crazy that
all this happened last night of course
this happens when we're facing the
number one team in the whole league
they're undefeated
dennis is your first ever like a league
game yeah okay Dennis I trust you both
you're gonna help us win this game they
don't say all that oh oh and by the way
guys I couldn't find another players old
we're just gonna win zone with five
players so we'll see what happens guys I
still promise you a win I don't care
who's out or who's not playing I always
say no excuses just like I promised
earlier in the video I guarantee a win
I'm still keeping the same exact problem
guys Ennis is cracking me up what what's
your next question okay but I'm just
saying for like you should be prepared
if like you want to screen or picture
something let's have a code word don't
need a code word just play how you do at
the gym if I want to bake off st. Pig
with no Jesse like are you nervous
now I'm just joking I would love for
Brian to play Ramel Jesus Brian Brian's
working for the other team
let's go around let's go go babe
yeah you are that's what you said I'm
whole other things
I know you
okay I'll see over there
you guys n is on the team I don't know
why I've never seen him play
Wow
and then everybody else he's like they
could have Tom so then he had Dennis
please
okay say you were doing it for Chicago
13 to 16
so it's 19 to 24
you're doing great babe
so I guess it is possible for Romel to
miss a shot
hey guys so it's 35 to 38 right now
we're up three if anything
let's go baby
listen Romel I know it's not easy to
make shots but really you missed another
shot like that's crazy dude 11 I'm sure
they offer some at the gym or you can
sign up for somebody you really missed
two shots this game like what is wrong
with you both
so you guys know it's 38 to 43 with 16
on the clock
fingerprints
yeah and they don't let you guys 40
minutes left
Brennan's out here looking like a snack
Hey
oh my god
so it's fifty to sixty one three minutes
left
yes I feel bad because all I'm thinking
about right now
brownie bites from Applebee's
good job good job now we don't have to
retire we could all play that spotless
game
okay guys so to close this video out I'm
just gonna keep it short and simple I'm
extremely happy my team got the win we
needed it so the fact that we want and
the fact that we beat the number one
team they were undefeated so I'm really
really happy shout out to Romel Justin
Chris Gilbert and Dee killa shout out
Danny's it was a clean game there was
obviously a little bit of trash talk
that's how all basketball games are but
there were no dirty plays there was a
complete opposite of last season
whatever happened last season is it's
just basketball sometimes you get
frustrated things happen in the heat of
the moment and it's just a part of the
game and that's why I wasn't surprised
that this was a clean game because I
know a lot of people from this team
they're not bad people they're not dirty
players so hey they're a good team I'm
just happy we won because we had to
fight hard for the swing I feel like I
played like shit so I'm glad my team
picked up my slack cuz I feel like I
didn't play good but at the end of the
day what matters more are you having a
good game are you getting the W on us
getting the W is more important so thank
you guys so much for watching today's
video I really hope you guys enjoyed it
some people love my basketball games
some people hate them for the people
that hate the games I still hope you
enjoyed this one subscribe if you're new
drop a like if you enjoyed other than
that Brandon aka waters my camera is out
of focus because of freaking Benji I was
filming Benji and the dude jump to my
legs and his wet nose hit right on the
lens so now it's all blurry and now
focused but anyways peace out guys I
love you all
