it's so hard to believe but yes Denis is
right across the hall and his apartment
but yo it's still the same more dentists
look down on factors focused it is ten
thirty six right now we usually leave to
the gym at 10:30 and look it's say more
dentists who fall asleep for too long
yo I tell Dennis I say bro it's 2018
your phone has an alarm clock set the
alarm Fogg and he doesn't do it
Oh Dan is glad to have you back
Oh what am i doing what are you doing
time for the gym I thought you said
10:30 hey did you take out the part I
told you what that part I went Lou no
listen all I just gave you another one
no listen listen if you don't want
something in the video how about you
don't do it something on camera knows I
try to have fun guys Dennis makes these
ugly faces and does goofy shit on camera
and then he goes and Brandon if you put
this in the video hoping to kill you
then why the hell do you do it on camera
let's tell them what's sellable some of
them me and Dennis are about to go to
the jail and let me tell you nobody
knows that Dennis is back everybody
every day freaking ain't Brandon where
it's Dennis where's Dennis is he coming
back well Dennis is back right now and
we are gonna record their reaction and
Dennis tell the robot squad what you've
been thinking in your head and talking
about all morning
ever since I know when I come back I
imagined
when I was sleeping today I was
picturing in my head but I just feel
when I go in Wow I'm gonna run there
clap everyone's hand Oh carry on carry
me over damnit
then I'm gonna stand up with the rim and
give a speech like Dennis is imagining
right now he's LeBron James walking
through the streets of Cleveland after
winning the champion
so now let's see is it gonna be like
what Dennis and fidgets or is it just
gonna be like oh hey what up Dennis
where'd you go no I'm not going news
reporters in there no - what so what
exactly are the news reporters gonna be
there for your return yeah story but I
do think people are gonna go crazy
because people have been asking for
there's a lot of cars there might be
some reporters I'm not joking I'm not
joking big truck
yeah that's UPS okay then it's cut we'll
see the reactions okay why are you mad
hey they miss you because when you're on
the court we never win so now they have
a chance to win okay was that good
enough you honked his horn off hey go
crazy go crazy go crazy he's gonna get
mad go crazy he's gonna get mad bro he
expected freakin people to go flowers at
him and bring it
he's back
I can't believe infinity when they
coming back just like that okay
I'm tired no no I'm tired of you I'm
sorry I can't control what they like
what they wanted to do at the gym you
saw my fault what did you put what did
you want them to do okay so are you ever
going back to that gym I swear I wish I
have loyalty like Jake this is what I
call a loyal vegetarian Bo I mean so
many options you could have got so much
food you could have ate and you chose to
eat lettuce how do you use chopsticks
come on AJ say something no legit
whenever you talk it smells kind of
fishy but but no no it smells like
lettuce it smells like let it don't
worry don't the green mint ice cream the
main ice cream it's getting me ice cream
oh don't smell it you smell that's what
hurts basketball game you know every
time you play a basketball game the goal
is to win the game you want to play as
hard as you can and just freaking like
stop all of your opponents
well today it's gonna be kind of weird
because the team that we're playing is
actually our boys a very very good
friends of mine and so it's gonna be
weird you know playing them there's
gonna be a lot of laughs a lot of jokes
but at the end of the day I got my team
they got their team and we're both
trying to win the game so I'm ready to
win so we'll see what happens you've
been stretching for a while
oh we got clay clay fainted and I
thought about it boys
why don't we just share things just
share one bad
everybody's agenda
well no shoe came off
there we go milk
you
you know so I don't know if you guys
just saw what happened but I'm standing
there and looking at the rest like yo
this has to be a joke right as if the
refs weren't bad enough this game in
case you can't tell what happened let me
just tell you so Romel fell he slid
across the floor and Romel is super
sweaty so the whole floor was wet until
all my basketball players out there what
happens when someone falls on the floor
and the floor gets wet that's the number
one cause for injuries
that's how somebody gets seriously hurt
when you slip on the sweat so every time
somebody falls you walk over there and
you clean the sweat with your feet yo
we're not in the NBA we don't have
little kids that come over with mops and
towels that wipe the floor for us no we
do that the players do that and so Romel
fell there was sweat all over the floor
it was completely wet so me and my other
teammate and Romel three of us we're all
cleaning the floor with our feet and the
rest check the ball in to the other team
and then they hit a three-pointer mind
you to all my basketball players out
there when the rest is about to inbound
the ball they blow their whistle he knew
that if he blew the whistle he would get
our attention and don't tell me that he
didn't see us he was right in front of
us the referee was right in front of us
we were cleaning the floor he checked
the balling and the other team hit a
three at this point in the game we were
only down by three points there was five
minutes left so it was a really close
game after that team hit hit the three
honestly that dug us into a hole like
that's that's fucked up what the ref did
and I went up to the right back to the
play I said yo ref we were cleaning the
sweat off the floor and he goes did I
say to stop playing I said no you didn't
say to stop playing but you know what
happens when the floor is wet that's how
people get hurt and he said I repeat did
I say to stop playing I said no but we
were like that's just not fair you
didn't even blow your whistle to get
anyone's attention he said okay you're
the basketball player I'm the wrestle
you play the bass one I'm gonna be doing
the recipe and I said bro you're a dick
I don't want to say but that's screwed
over the whole game
yo and check out what the ref did right
here so there's still almost one minute
left in the game he walks over to the
table he grabs a chair and he sits down
and he's resting the game while sitting
down
who does that I've never seen a ref do
that ever in my life
and then can you give me a second to or
to get the rest of the food thank you I
don't even know why I'm ordering food
right now I don't deserve it all after
that game we played do I deserve to eat
no I don't deserve to eat for the rest
of my life I shouldn't eat play with my
buddy okay we're ready yeah guys after
the way we played that was bad it was it
was really bad I when I usually I can't
believe it whatever just work but this
time like I can't believe it I know what
that I can't believe it either
I don't know I'm just let you take it
away just whatever you want to say you
know why'd you come back when did you
decide what made you decide you wanted
to come back I thought you were gone for
good I thought you made the decision to
move there like whatever take it over
Dennis well first all in sadness all of
you guys and I miss Brandon I miss
Brandon I missed everyone so much
wait first I'm gonna explain why I left
like yeah yeah I left go ahead it's all
you
so you know how you said you didn't see
it yeah it wasn't where I was feeling
that for the past like week or days
didn't hit me at that like time okay
well cuz I know people are saying like
oh are you were saying I cannot see it
another people saying look we never knew
is because I never know like I never
felt it I let it just what I felt was
like I just felt really homesick like
for some reason like I needed to see my
family like I didn't wanted to my family
so bad and like in my head I said like I
want to be with my family for good for
good like I missed them I want to be
with them like I missed like living with
them and all that and and like I said
this all happened within how we're like
yeah I was with you the night before you
let that everything was normal right
like we went over all like yeah good
night I went to sleep you and then the
next morning I remember I was about to
knock on your door to wake you up for
the gym and you FaceTime you saying yo
bro like just yeah well I like it all
happened that like attracts like I don't
knows I should have done in a different
way cuz I feel like at that point I need
you guys feel like it was you know but
it just hit me were like I want to go
like but when I went like my only thing
that was in my head was like I want I
need to see my family and then once I
went there and like saw my family
everyone like I said down and I talk to
you like day by day like elderly you
guys are my family like everyone in San
Diego that we talk to like I love and
like show so much love was like my
family and then like if I'm there I'm
gonna get homesick by not seeing all of
us yeah yeah so that's how it felt for
me so like I just felt like both ways I
had families like so I just feel more
comfortable over here and like I missed
everyone over here so much what was like
cuz I know you were there for almost two
weeks like eleven twelve days yeah what
was the ultimate like bathroom what was
the ultimate decision where you woke up
and you were like you know what mom dad
I gotta go I'm going back to San Diego
I'm going back to live in San Diego what
was like what hate you that made you say
that
there's a lot there's a lot of thing I'm
not gonna like one day I'll just on my
phone I was going through my stuff and I
saw like the videos of all I just like
let me talk in the group like I just
missed all that ii was like once i saw
my family was telling me like okay like
i feel good now yeah and then third was
honestly everyone from what i want all
the comments you know she just just
everything that i was seeing like that's
the number one that's like wasn't a
woman things that made me feel better so
tell me if I'm right or wrong i think
that you were super homesick like it
just hit out of nowhere that you missed
your family you miss your old like
lifestyle stuff and so and i'm not
saying this in a bad way
tell me if I'm right or wrong so you
kind of overreacted by like oh I need to
go move it when in reality I think yeah
you just needed to see them and then
after you saw them for a little bit
you're like oh wait maybe I don't want
to move here I feel to see my family
because I'm not gonna live in it what
did you first moved out into these
apartments then I tell you I said bro I
need to find a way to get rid of things
I want to move back to my family
ah guys when we first moved into these
apartments I was telling Dennis within
what one month two months out like I
can't do it yet I don't
I miss my family and I freakin live 30
minutes from them so I can only imagine
how hard it was for Dennis to move all
the way from a different state so I know
how Dennis felt but I knew in my head on
my yo I think Dennis just needs to see
his family for a little bit and that's
why I think these two weeks I spent with
your family was like super good I think
you needed this but you need it just to
refresh and like I said I miss my family
all the time the only difference is I
could drive up and see them whenever I
want
it's different for Dennis it's very
different so I think well you know what
I think in my head maybe like once a
month or once every two months you
should go see your family for a little
bit I think that's good I just you know
like another thing that helps right here
is like whenever I do feel that way I
swear when I see like your family and
like all the boys I feel like okay I'm
good now you know what I mean yeah
talked about mom and dad they freaking
miss them I miss him so much I know I I
talked I talked to them but I didn't
tell them I was coming back so so right
now they don't know you're here talked
about mom and dad right now my mom and
dad seen this video
they have no idea Dennis to your till
right now I'm back you guys so much way
more than Brandon obviously I miss you
guys
no I missed everyone so much and like
the amount of love everyone here shows
me just made me realize like what I'm
missing out on when I left and like the
main reason I came was when you made
that video that you oh you made it
because how you really felt like you
like you missed those like missile ooh
don't look down you're gonna look crazy
do not look down do not you're gonna go
crazy it's freakin grilled chicken from
KFC Kentucky Fried Chicken you Dennis
don't lie on the camera turns on you're
gonna see if it still be here any don't
lie and thank you stop and let me just
say ever since Dennis left every time I
went to the gym like you guys think it's
only our group of people that loved
Dennis and miss Dennis no like yeah our
group of friends miss him a lot
but every time I went to the gym
everybody that knew Dennis everybody
yo where's Dennis era where things that
we miss him
Denis is loved by not only like our
close group of friends and my family but
literally all of my friends and
everybody that I know everybody that I
associate myself with grew to love
Dennis ever since you moved here and so
everybody everybody miss dance everybody
was messaging you everybody was my PA my
phone's ah Dennis has a lot of love in
San Diego like like San Diego mom lucky
people love them here it's like a family
I love everyone and to Dennis's family
I'm telling you I think Dennis should go
back and see you guys at least once a
month once every two months I think it's
healthy for both sides for you guys and
for Dennis for right now but these are
these are our I can never ever find the
right word there's no way this is real
life there's no telling you're the right
girl so I can only say that it feels
right it feels right
