guys look how sneaky my family is you're
a traitor Bosley has no idea look who's
here Bosley okay mom to hold him up like
a pinata then buzz he's gonna try to get
the candy out of him
it's okay Bosley you guys are friends
yeah Basel you have to play and smell
each others butts like other dogs and
all that but are you waiting for him to
come down so you could attack hey you
can't do that okay you gotta be nice I
raised you better let me take the eye
booger came out guys I feel like a
player one sec I'm with Benjy Bosley I
don't think they know about each other
mom I caught you on video holding him
over Bosley did you forget about that
how about this one you see under the
hand yeah one kiss fathers and sons
rugrat sub fellow guys will grab mr.
Brian's Gucci flip-flops
did you see Brian's flip-flops bro
they're so dirty you should have taken
my night no actually no these are
precious these aren't my babies I wear
these everywhere NBA season starts
tomorrow
why did they may see and start choke
find film this is for NBA season
starting today
we gotta all play as a tribute to NBA
season starting tomorrow we've waited
three months almost four months for this
moment and it's finally here tomorrow
actually the sun's playing two days now
I'm so excited for tomorrow what's up
you want to fly you want to learn how to
fly
okay all right chill Benji yo rub yellow
Benji I wish I had time to stay but I
just finished playing basketball so I'm
gonna take off now Breeden why the hell
do you just come over only play
basketball
you don't even associate with it you
don't even talk to us you come over you
play that's one let me dip out Ryan you
don't even say what's up I come to see
you guys and then I leave Bobby won't
even come inside you literally grab the
guys open the garage and start playing
because my plan is to come here and see
you guys but when I walk up to the
driver and the first thing I see is a
hoop I just get attempted to play that's
not the only reason I come to the house
it clearly is no it's not I come because
I miss you my mom my dad I come to see
Bosley and now I come to you let me just
come play leave so you're saying I used
this house just to play basketball
obviously that's what they write do you
not have enough smoke at home
weird to say but I don't have a bass
home about my apartment that that's
obviously not the right now I play like
six hours a day out here you let it come
over every single day since you move and
have only played basketball that's it
you don't even play with positive get
the fuck out of my room no I'm gonna
take I come here for like six hours in
five minutes I'm only playing basketball
for like six hours so I mix up another
five minutes other five minutes is
spending time with you guys and Bosley
hanging out eating with you guys your
bogus is just disrespect I got only come
here to play basketball okay Benji I'm
done playing bass well so I'm gonna go
I'll see you next time and I need to
come play that's what
- to use this house to go play
basketball God thank you actually likes
me look I love Ben no no we love Bosley
but we like Benjy Allah okay okay Benjy
his name was supposed to be Brandi yeah
if you didn't rig the wheel more rig
than the NBA Draft Lottery look Bosley
would never actually Bob to sleep on his
back yeah and then he got obese so now
he can't roll on his back really that's
why he can't roll on his back who knows
maybe I wiped like peanut butter on your
ear when you're asleep
yo rug are you trying to go to the mall
yeah all right let's go guys Benjy likes
an apron this stays between me and you
do not tell Bosley okay don't let all
who watch this video when it comes out
okay I'll make sure I'll take his phone
away
take his phone away please here you want
this no no let me let me do it
look he wants the camera come here no
not the camera he doesn't listen listen
look I've always wanted to do this with
Bosley but he's too fat come come
literally a teddy bear three kiss you
want to go to the mall you did the hill
no you wanna you want to go to the mall
okay Bosley if somehow you watch this
video maybe sometime in the near future
just know the obviously just a prop we
got it from the Halloween store cause
it's October he's not real
give me five Oh Brian I forgot to tell
you at the end of the video we cut it
short the end was supposed to say it's
just a prank
the jacket is mine oh that wasn't funny
oh my gosh guys I forgot having a puppy
the saddest part is when you have to put
them in the playpen cuz you got to go
somewhere
just remembered when I had to do this
with Bosley I'll always get so sad and
feels so bad and sometimes I'll have to
go somewhere but I would put pausing in
the playpen and I'll look at him and
feel so bad that I wouldn't go Benji
come on you can't sit like that and look
at me like that oh and the little yard
come on I'm trying to go to the mall
we'll be back superfast bye bro what was
that other dog's name I haven't seen him
in so long we don't even like and we
don't talk to him we don't touch him I
don't even know his name that's how long
I haven't seen him I'm a liar oh yeah
Bosley it's all about you girl on your
18th or 16th birthday whatever the song
goes like guys it's just proper mall
outfit yeah this is proper everything
outfit is proper gym outfit proper mall
outfit proper school outfit proper
wedding day outfit Bryan sometimes like
I go to a mall and there's some days
where I meet like a lot of supporters I
meet a lot of you guys and I wonder how
do you guys recognize me so easily
sometimes you'll be so far away and I'll
hear you guys scream Broadus
but then I'll look down and be like oh
wait it's probably the SOG sandwich and
basketball shorts guys my freaking shirt
by the way do you think the bug is my
sharees happen no he's only should I
have you were about to go to the mall
Bryan so it doesn't
wait guys I did not know the bug flu
Brite we do my shit touch the water
toilet Bryan that's disgusting guys
listen it was too hot so I took my shirt
off then I came to wait but there was a
huge bug on my shirt I didn't know that
it flew so I picked my shirt up and I'm
walking it to the toilet so I can drop
it in this and as I'm walking to the
toilet I get all the way here I try to
shake him in the toilet any fucking
spread slide I drop my shirt and I ran
it was a huge bug I don't know what kind
of bug but I did not know that I could
fly
Bryan do you have a shirt that's like a
little big on you preferably a son's
Jersey I want a Sun Jersey if you don't
have that you might like it
do you have an IQ one okay Oh Javon
cheese wait Devon Booker has it sorry
hold it hold this hold this hold this
Brian see like Devin Booker knows how to
he has been look Brian okay but match
here he's gonna think you're such a
stalker okay
debug if you're watching this my shirt
had a freaking huge cockroach on a
freaking flew out of nowhere so Brian's
letting Len Deanna's what's going on
guys fades out here and today I bring
you guys a brand new video and I hope
and I hope you guys be sure you're
smiling bishop now I'm just gonna be
chittering post on freaking occasions on
and drop a like if you liked
oh wait that's my dad's my dad know I
thought like yeah there were holes but I
thought there was like an under layer of
shirt not just my floodlit I'll find you
a new bride don't wear really good okay
don't touch I'll just want to show them
away ticklish on the nipple not like
that he's crying hey you got to be
strict this is how kids take advantage
of their parents
let's see you guys we're both going to
the mall but we need to go in two
different cars because after the mall
I'm going to my home and Brian's coming
back here what's the decision who should
I choose I've decided that I'm taking my
challenge to sell Beach we go Dennis I'm
sorry I haven't I haven't driven with
Brian so long like it's a mess okay I
learned from you yo Dennis unlock your
doors okey
carpool karaoke for 10 seconds cuz I'm
too traumatized of getting a copy right
guys so Brian banned me from playing my
music in his car I think what was it
from was it the Miley Cyrus or what was
that song you played that maybe just -
probably
Lady Gaga yes since I'm banned from
playing my own music I have to choose a
song from Brian's playlist so these are
my only options let me took a lunatic
one who's slow driver get off the road
get off the road yeah what is he doing
who does this guy think he is
Brian wouldn't it be crazy like right
now I mean you came to the mall if we
actually saw someone we knew like what
damn it
Dennis isn't it crazy when you come to
the mall by yourself and like you end up
seeing ball I had no idea he was
literally walking next to us and we
didn't I had Marty you're gonna be here
imagine who are we gonna see next
imagine we see Jackie or someone they
just imagine I don't know I'm just
thought that's weird
guys this one is so cute I swear Brian
you realize it Bosley were to ever get
his hand on this video he would
literally never talk to me again
look wait close your mouth on the show
clothes I want to show the fog so it
come oh yeah oh my gosh Bosley would
literally take his paws rattle it up and
boom shot me in the face which one all
you should have got this one guys this
one wants to place so I want to play
with this one so bad but so far what
I've done with other dogs this video
Bosley would just punch me in the face
but if I were to actually play with this
one Bosley would kill me and I'm trying
to stay alive well they are those real
by the is real doll oh you know the
public pranks right someone poses as a
statue and moves or the linking are
these ones real - or these ones real -
Brian did I get stabbed 50 times by a
Jason for him it tickles every time I
walked up we can air maybe we'll see my
mommy because like remember she'd always
take it's like Brian that's when we were
like 10 years old she doesn't get it
random we'd be hearing that yo Oh what
were we talking about outside I forgot
we were saying like good people Jack
yeah or like just it doesn't have to be
check but what Jack what oh my gosh what
wait this is great first we ran into
Denny's ever
old friends at the mall talk to you know
that I failed while a family reunion we
did study
I just got it damn where Dan is with the
fans
then it's got fan love I swear d Killa
no it's now you got one two three four
five seven eight fans in your picture
camera roll I like these shooters
okay go thank you bye
sheesh I don't know what looks better
the food or psych rug rat Dennis what
looks better the food or rug with the
rug sprinkled up guys am I the only one
who has this problem Brian why did I
come to the mall for what reason pants
I'm about to go to Phoenix go to the
son's game so I came to get pants so I
could look nice the malls about to close
guys this always happens I come here for
a clothes or pants or shoes yeah we need
to get the fries - I forgot and I always
end up just getting attracted to the
food court I'll eat I'll get some candy
stuff like that and then I'll end up
leaving and then on the way home I'm
like wait wasn't there a reason I went
to the mall but today we need to get
jeans cuz I'm leaving to Phoenix soon I
don't have time tomorrow tomorrow we got
a big game you know we're playing
tomorrow a rematch versus the team we
fought last season where Alvin threw a
punch and people got suspended it's a
rematch guys tomorrow we have a huge
game or rematch first
you were there the big dude and they
pushed I'll finish it and this season
they're undefeated so it's gonna be a
huge game walk lonely road the only Road
something-something rugrat until next
time you're beautiful you're beautiful
it's true me yeah yeah the wolves so the
jacket was worth $3,000 and there's like
a plane you just take it goes boom oh it
comes with that - I don't think wolves
to make that noise what are you I think
they'd be out
just joking guys don't roast me guys I
just noticed the walk of Brian leaving
wasn't so sad after all because he loved
his freakin sweater with me so I guess I
have a new sweater because everyone
knows the rule once you leave it for
overnight you're never getting it back
now I'm just joking I'll give it back to
Brian I'll just make him exchange me his
Gucci one so I'll give him this one and
trade it I'm not wearing anything under
anyway so if he took it I would have
been walking the mall shirtless yeah I
could see you weighing that what is a
frickin belt Oh Dennis wait
it's gonna fall it's gonna fall babe can
you please come look at these jeans
there why
wait you saw well at least you know we
don't fake things now you you couldn't
have faked it just be like one way to
catch boo artists is I boom
of course way I should get this is your
name some people see a basketball hoop
all we see is robot is right there we
got a rare moment yeah open Brandon if
you're rating the basketball shorts
under even for trying them on your
weight I still have them and they're
nice are you sure yeah I always know I
look weird achieve a little bit in
basketball shorts oh you guys joking
about the hoodie enough to read knock
yeah
do not put a basketball in front of the
water guys yo guys I just want to close
this video out obviously by thanking you
guys for watching today's video so thank
you guys for watching today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed it fun little vlog
nothing to series are two important
happy but just a little get together
with some friends and family oh look you
already know but guys I can't wait for
tonight
tonight is the first day of the NBA
season and a few guys know me like NBA
season is the best time of the year for
me I don't care it's literally like the
happiest time I don't care if my team is
bad I don't care if my team is trash I
just loved watching the NBA I loved
watching basketball games and Kyrie
Irving freaking face up against
Cleveland Chris well make his debut
Houston it's gonna be a crazy night and
I can't wait for that and also later
tonight well this is gonna be tomorrow's
video for you guys a
match against the team it's going to be
a crazy game and I can't wait I've been
waiting for me for so long
but anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video subscribe if you are
new and shout out to Jackie who just got
breakfast ready
on the table shout out to Jackie or
enough
