okay guys so we were listening to this
song okay
and Dennis wants to show me the dance
that he has for this song so bad now
we're gonna pull over and park just so
he can show it to me before we keep
going are you happy now okay
let's see what this is all about you
made me pull over for this was a cool
blow to me so long to get dog yeah it
was actually really cool thank you
appreciate it guys we literally have to
hold Bosley back like Bobby's trying to
flex he's like hold me back Jackie hold
me back so I can look tough
oh okay Bosley no damn he tried to prove
to me I'm not just doing it to act tough
I'll really strike Bosley you're not
allowed to do that you gotta get used to
gizmo
Benjy whatever his name is right when I
said Bobby's just being fake tough and
he's just acting like Jackie hold me
back he's freaking strug he's like I'm
not fake why can't they just be friends
why can't we be friends
Benjy do you sing that to Bosley Oh
Bosley note don't worry I'm not showing
any attention Bosley I have to always
put my hands up when Benji's and hear me
so balls it doesn't get mad at me yeah
you're the bigger man Bosley can we just
watch the Chargers game in peace dad we
already know Chargers don't do too good
in situations like this what do you
think is gonna happen this game
they're gonna win I want to have faith
in the Chargers but so many close game
situations like this that the Chargers
have blown I don't know we'll see what
happens a little bit friends no I think
Bazzi likes to lie so you could let him
get closer and then he makes a strike
he's your friend Bosley it's like me and
Dennis it's okay Bosley you guys are
friends boy Brian what do you thinks
gonna happen charges down by two three
seconds left they're about to kick a
field goal to win the game they should
make I don't know we've heard that
before I know it magic oh my god the dog
isn't even here anymore
Oh oh my god yeah yeah forget what the
footage shows okay
Oakland has no more timeouts to ice him
Wow hey San Diego wow this is crazy the
Chargers actually want a close game oh
sorry
Brian I can't show that on front of you
in front of balls because I'm boss is
gonna hate me too
I'm pinching myself I'm I can't believe
the charges actually want a close game
at the last second like the charges
winning a game okay but the fact that
the Chargers want a close game okay guys
so Bosley's not looking so are you
saying it's okay to cheat if they're not
looking
oh no oh okay just wanted to clear that
up
no no cuz boss lays down - look at her
little tip above all to put balls on the
floor but I was on the flo way to find
these in the time apart enzyme kind of
hard oddly yeah we don't we don't like
the other dog he's catching me live on
camera yeah oh no he's smelling me
we don't like the other dog bother oh he
got mad he found out just like a girl
they find everything out
sorry Bosley you guys if you ever wonder
why I'm here it's because Brandon
doesn't love me I'm just a camera woman
so after the year it's not it's not by
choice hey where was it recording Hey
yep yeah don't worry look where my close
issue I told you good the reason I made
it my good luck was here I mean it's not
like we have any furniture over there
anything I see my couch the orange and
purple one ready for the season
yes pictures there's my mom and dad and
there's me and Brian mom this one looks
recent like a couple of days ago I'll
sleep right here come here Bosley don't
get eaten I'll throw my body in front of
the coyote for you
come here dad how long did this take to
build so we might as well put these to
use oh wait oh my gosh I was about to
lean all the way back I'm surprised but
anyways guys my brother is at the bed he
took Benjy so what I did for Brian I
think honestly it's gonna make him so
happy and I'm super excited to see his
reaction because if you guys know my
brother
you guys already know okay you already
know for me the Phoenix Suns basketball
Jackie Dennis Bosley but you know for a
bride what put the smile on its face ha
Gucci so last night Brian got a text
from somebody that works at Gucci yes
that's how much Brian loves it he's in
contact with the freakin workers and the
worker told him that they got a hoodie
in stock and there's only three of these
hoodies that they sell in stores there's
only three in the world and the hoodie
looks really really nice Brian fell in
love with it it was really expensive I
think it was almost three thousand
dollars the guy texted Brian saying yo
rug before we put this out on the
shelves do you want it we will put it on
hold for you and you have to come pick
it up tomorrow so Brian obviously fell
in love with it he said yes yes yes I
want it so they put it on hold for Brian
he freakin what did he do he called his
heavy pictures he said oh my God look at
this Brandon ba ba ba he was in love
with it
and Brian was about to go buy this
hoodie today but he had forgot Benji had
an appointment for the vet and today's
Sunday so the malls closed early so
Brian and wasn't able to go get the
hoodie today and he was super upset when
he saw me little did he know I had
already gone to the mall gothis but he
saw me earlier when I walked in and he
was like Brandon damn they couldn't
believe it on hold for me they said only
one day and so I can't get any more he
was super upset because like I said only
three in the whole world
three wait not six three they're
probably lying to me just to get me to
buy it anyways but so what I did when I
found out Brian had to go to the vet I
went and I've picked up the hoodie for
Brian right now he thinks somebody else
has the hoodie it's already purchased
and someone else is wearing it little
does he know it's in this box right now
not only do I have it but he's not even
gonna have to pay for I'm doing this as
a gift from brother to brother I went
out I bought it it was 28 $100 after tax
it was over three thousand dollars so
Brian I swear
first of all the worker he couldn't
believe I was getting this for Brian
he's like wait I wish I had a brother
like you oh and the worker said good
thing I came in today because there was
already another girl who called and
tried to put it on hold like this
sweater hasn't even been
only for a couple of hours in that store
and there were already multiple people
trying to put it on hold so he was like
good thing you came good thing you got
it or else it would have already been
sold Bryan is still at the barre I don't
know when he's gonna come back but when
he does Bryan little do you know the
hoodie you were drooling over not only
is it in this house but you're getting
it for free so Bryan I can't wait to see
your reaction and I think you need to
hurry home because I want to surprise
you with this ASAP ASAP Rocky okay of
course of course
Dennis thank you thank you very much
already but it's not means equality is
daily yeah you're right but good thing
we're in this house where Bryan has
frickin extra Gucci bag mom what was
Bryan literally talking about all last
night and he was super bummed out cuz
you know I want you to say for the vlog
the hoodie right yeah you won't believe
it
guess what's in your room right now
hiding no Benji's at the bed the hoodie
I swear the mom that's why we were at
the mall that's why we came with mom it
was already on hold for another girl
named Tabitha and then he said that he
would sell it to me yeah but yeah I got
in I'm waiting for Bryan comes out to
surprise him because Bryan told me that
this vet check-up for Benji was gonna
take super long and look Bryan sought
the bad guys it's night time the malls
already closed Sunday Night Football is
on he's gonna freak out
he was show me on the phone he said mom
yeah yeah there's only three in the
world you wanna know how much money was
why well shit well update this vlogging
a little bit that's a long they always
come back ha Bosley they always come
back
how's Benji
one like blood Benji but they like baby
you're cheating on me right in front of
me yeah hopefully take some medicine and
stuff to make you feel better
Brian I have something to show you just
like kind of something him
I don't know if it's really important
like I don't know if you want to see you
don't have to come in the room if you
don't want to but no it's up to you like
if you want to go to know Brian
I promise you I'm not hell you might as
well freaking spill all the beans
fucker but let's just let's just say you
can either enter the room or you don't
have to the back room there's good
lighting in there it's like a haunted
house
Oh is he humping you oh I think he
smelled the dog yeah maybe if you didn't
have spikes in your show you need a
danger warning for your shirt oh my god
did you get shot yes I did I'm
frustrated things that I would never
touch a snake okay you could sit down
okay all right I trust you that you're
gonna close your eyes because I can't
okay what should I do
just close your eyes not good covers
don't just don't over and I trust you
Brian okay before I get this so Brian
you know what no I'm gonna skating
because whatever I say is kind of gonna
spoil it let's just a
because I'm gonna hide the baby and been
in why don't you might like me a little
bit after this but ah well you already
know the top of this know until okay
don't look right please don't look at it
hey Dennis okay Brian the Sun close your
ears and your close your ears - okay
fine I'm covering your ears without your
eyes
oh you're spitting up do you see this
okay so before you open them up I'm not
opening that none of a problem if you
hold the snakes the object is supposed
to even in a bar it's not a same it can
be something else no listen it could be
a snake technically logo engage if I'm
scared of all you animals I wouldn't be
this close okay Brian
before you open this I just want to say
we always surprised like you surprised
my mom and dad or your friends and I
surprised some of my friends or my mom
and dad were our family but we never
really like surprising each other yeah I
know sorry what what in your mind is all
yours I want you to open it okay okay
yeah I know that you can't tie this yeah
I got so this might actually be from
Gucci like legit Brenda when should I
open it open it
I've never been surprised I don't think
like no one really gets me anything
no like a couple years ago for Christmas
I got you what did you get me you got me
like you go me the stupidest thing ever
is your t-shirt I was working at
Albert's any song oh yeah no I got
Anthony songs oh my God my mom
rose from dollars I still wear the class
routine if that makes you okay okay
there's a girl stop stop stop
please I'm so scared I know you didn't
get me anything from Gucci right cause
like I don't know wait I'm scared but
like this kind of feels like Christmas
oh I forgot his birthday is next month
okay Bryan trust I do already said I
wouldn't know how to tie a hold on this
one
the one only three the world know you
did it
wait wait what the guys texted me that
he's putting it on a bullet for me
yeah and then you went to the baby but
I'm hold for another girl I had to
literally beg him to sell to me Brian
I have it's where you actually kicked
Brian at the sparkles not that look at
the wolf and they're stitched on Brian
days actually really I was told I didn't
keep it for myself
don't worry I'm trying to not it fit to
me try it on I wanna see you know one
wait what I can I got pride a new Lambo
he wouldn't be this happy how much about
coochie no cuz I'm so happy right now
I am happy because I really I did
want to spend the price that he texted
me he's like oh this much and I'm like
don't know how that Ida told their most
$3,000 doctor at over three thousand
three in the world of framing closed all
the way to the mall just again because I
knew Brian wanted it but he wasn't able
to get it because you have to say stop
I'm gonna spit no I'm gonna cry right it
might be a little baggy for the fit me I
would rock eat noodle in Excel most
important part I've never seen good
thank you so much always this is like
the best gift anyone could ever get me
well how long 20 and been just on the
cheek just some of the cheek okay it's a
prank in his my look let's know when
your birthday comes and Christmas comes
just to all girls kiss on the cheek like
I don't wanna live I don't have lips I
forgot I got your jaw heavily breathing
stop happy write it down no like you
guys might think it just explained from
the front oh it's glittery sparkly and
there's the freaking wolf stage-managed
next on I didn't know was like in the
picture he didn't show that I had like
the glitter sparkle the guy told me you
were like oh I was so bummed out like
Volvo or anything you actually went out
of your way to do this for me 3000 a
melody for me thank you so much reindeer
well hold it alright it looks like I
have to get him for something too big
it's not it back before thing I just
thought about like Brian's always
surprising other people and I'm always
surprising other people but like dude we
forget that actually like I'm gonna be
happy tonight um I don't know like I
don't even think you know the Phoenix
Suns came out with a brand new jersey
you're launching towards the Gucci no no
I'm not saying to you I'm just saying to
the camera like the Phoenix Suns came
out with brand new jerseys they just
came up this year a bunch of different
colors and
he doesn't get the hit
Brian enjoys this gift I'm super happy
to be able to do through my brother I'm
glad you enjoyed it if you didn't like
so confused Brian that means get me a
freaking Phoenix South Jersey I'm just
going to Phoenix I'm gonna get the tea
shops but Brian I'm so glad Brian likes
it it actually came out good it actually
stays in Iceland so pretty and then this
part bro brain and obviously thank you
so much you don't wear it every day for
the next year I'm returning it thank you
so much for watching this video I just I
figured probably would like if I didn't
know you're like at this much that I
makes where you have I'm happy for this
then getting my lambo holy shit
the price doesn't always matter I guess
but now guys thank you so much for
watching this video
Brian thank you for thank you so much
Brandon you're welcome love you holy
shit the first time I love you came out
of my mouth in like ten years I'm just
kidding no but wait I don't know I had a
headache like coming into this and now
the headache is gone oh so now you can
complain pal told me Brian said I want
to call God alright here's my last
excuse I'm not wearing this hour are you
kidding me I'm going out tonight
God drop a like if you enjoyed this
video drop a like for the smile on
Brian's face look we won't see this too
often I'm just joking Brian's always
smiling but subscribe if you're new
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you got enjoyed it and I'm out
peace
