God bookers live right after he scored
31 points five rebounds six assists so I
just said 31 five and six good
what's up book oh wait he can't hear me
I'm gonna be down there for the whole
painter
there's because of you guys so shout-out
to you guys but yet I'm gonna be down in
Phoenix October 18th
for the home opener this disrespectful
there's throwing shade then it's why are
you gonna put the new dogs toys right
next to Bosley that yeah I took it on I
took it off here Bosley come on it's
okay I cleaned its face Basel you now
many times where is it he'll eat it
later on we're trying to think of what
to name the new dog and it's so hard
Brian's like okay guys we need to think
of it quick because I want to start my
vlog by naming the new dog so let's just
think of one quick Dennis what do you
say Dennis wants Kenzo Brian wants uh
hell you want to bring the whole list of
names in the whole world
I said Booker but then I change my mind
cuz I'm gonna name my first son Booker's
so you can't take yeah okay so I guess
it's not gonna be with Jackie anymore so
I'm gonna name my first tub Booker I'm
just joking balls on you can't look no
cuz the nickname for my son is gonna be
booked we already had to all dog named
bozo for that disrespectful Brian so I
say either gizmo or bandit or Booker
okay guys but Brian's about it started
vlog so what's the ticking time like two
minutes we have to think of the name
Swiper
that's not bad oh let's see which one
sounds better
gizmo garage bandit garage Swiper garage
gizmo Oh gizmo garage is easier because
they both start with G gizmo garage no
that's disrespectful
no no that's disrespectful rightfully so
I don't blame him good job good job
oh you're gonna spin the wheel okay guys
Brian what a professional way to name a
dog I told Brian just have two names
like baby you have two names right
yes I do Jacqueline you don't have one
babe obviously I know it I just don't
want good I hate when people think I
don't know it I know it obviously I just
don't want to say I know that's why I
know it obviously but I just don't want
to say B I don't want to say because
you're like saying as if I don't know it
so that's just respectful so I'm not
gonna say it isn't that true Brian like
if I obviously know the middle name
why are you gonna say breathe which is
my middle name like all my comments to
see what everyone's like suggesting rofl
way how many thoughts are there Brian
yeah in 14 I say 13 of them Booker and
then one of them whatever you choose odd
man
Benji Benji
Brian do a Middle Eastern name edition
ride Amir Muhammad Ali Brian can I just
say like this is so disrespectful doing
this right in front look you can't even
look five all cover him no I'll cover
him buzzy yeah it's okay don't look
don't don't I'm pretty sure yeah no
because I took oh I should have taken
the hyper-girl off after we didn't you
see Oh Bosley I'm sorry about that one I
don't think I'm gonna know do Brian one
has to be tea bag like from Prison Break
teabag teabag no Bosley will think Brian
we can't do Benjy Bosley will think it's
him yet you act like he listens when you
say Bosley Booker because you actually
think Bosley knows his full name is
Bosley he just listened to the beginning
and the end and Benji and Bosley sound
the same okay who PJ Tucker old Bledsoe
no you can't take this tonight when I
have kids these are gonna be all my kids
names Bledsoe Booker look Benji
yeah Brian you can't
because there's one more slot Brian's
having trouble thinking about more Brian
just for Brandon yes yeah no Brian come
on just name him Brandon forget the
wheel because then I would feel like you
actually talked to me Brandon Brandon
Benji Benji Benji Benji Bosley Bosley
Bosley cuz it'll happen honey that's an
easier way Oh God
now that we're on the topic of name
everybody asks why did you choose Bosley
for Bosley it's because pugs shed a lot
of hair and Bosley it's like a hair
product for men it helps you regrow hair
so that's why I named this guy Bosley
because he loses a lot of hair so you
put Bosley on it and it grows his hair
back probably don't worry we're team
Bosley yeah Benji Benji Benji garage
let's see if he actually listens
oh sorry never mind about this yo Dennis
should we tell Jackie why were erasing
the names I don't know how about we just
spin and tell her after now I'm just
jokin I'd be a tragic so you might think
we're erasing the name so we could clean
the board and put it away right but we
are actually going to pick the marker
right back up uh how about me and you
right now we are going to choose our
first baby's name
you know if Brian gets to choose the
name for Benji we're gonna put 14 names
on here and we are going to spin the
wheel huh no it's in nine months because
we just found out she was pregnant now
and we just found out right now so we
have nine months to prepare mom that's a
long time that's almost a year
yeah mama figs this is a joke - hey
Jackie do you know where Brandon is I'm
gonna go find him
then what are you doing names really
quick I just finished actually what did
you put there's some Booker's on here
Brannon there's no point of spinning the
wheel Thor all Booker not all Booker
yeah they are
there's the book one
yeah there's 13 burgers on one D book so
technically there is a point to spin and
one of these names Dave are you ready I
just picked the names
yeah I thought yeah I write down the
names and you get the spins out there
and that's like 50/50 so that when we
name the kid you we can always tell the
kid your father wrote the options and
your mother's funny so it's like okay to
rename them already
yeah okay find any squares know why you
guys are hater that's where you guys are
here won't we
LeBron Abbi wait 14 names old can one of
them be named Ron we can hater the
squares oh we don't want to do Booker
from what it's quite 70 points in the
game the average 20 to 28
they just hate on everything my time now
not gonna enjoy the name of my first kid
and now not gonna love the kid
just trust me one time they please I
have three I told you they're not all
Booker's so one of them is Booker Josh
Jackson and Bledsoe but let me finish
no but no because if we named him Booker
everyone's gonna know it's for Devin
Booker but if we named him Jackson or
Josh no one's gonna know it's for Josh
Jackson so we have to put both his name
is gonna be Josh Jackson to office okay
it won't be a space it'll just be this
and his first name okay let me finish in
them we'll pick the video back so we
have Booker Booker Booker Booker Booker
Booker warring for TJ Warren daddies hey
Chris for Marquis Chris Ulis for Tyler
Ulis we're gonna do Tyler but then
nobody would notice for Tyler Ulis so
Ulysses better there's Brandon jr. and
then there's Booker Booker and then
there's Bosley my boy Bosley
Booker okay let's so and Josh Jackson so
we got 14 names on here and we're about
to spin it this is a lot wait if our
first child is a girl we're still gonna
have to go this name so I know we never
thought about a girl Booker if my future
son is watching this just know that this
is how we decided your name if my future
daughter is watching this I'm sorry
I love you future daughter look I'm just
here oh I would say you know good
spinning who said you could spin okay
it's gonna land don't look her you know
that right no no no no forgot you know
you could put in the editing program no
we can't we have to do boy was Dennis oh
I see sign it's a sign bro it's a sign
no no it's a sign bow never then why is
it on there that's not fair bow if it
lands a third time
hold on if it lands a third time I don't
care what you guys say we'll make a deal
if it lands a third time we're naming
him Dennis we can't go yet
yeah but I know why because not only do
they didn't do we have to go if it lands
again right now once the baby comes out
hey boogie that's your name
no no and then I already have a nickname
when we're playing basketball together
I'm gonna take book cat I figure when he
comes I read the first thing you can do
is throw a ball and if he doesn't know
how to just simple between the leg gonna
be so mad accurate garage when he first
comes out you know how they have a
little swaddle it's gonna say Devin
Booker like why now
so guys obviously like I didn't wanna
make my first time book it I said I have
so many
watching I wanted something different
but we got to do what the wheel says so
on oh my gosh now I can't wait to have a
couple of days ago
there was only a one out of 14 chance I
landed on boogers if you live in a
hooker so god we are going to name our
first child Booker and I can't wait like
I'll sing right when I have my kids like
yeah I'm gonna let one send pictures
everybody okay that's cool so first
thing we're gonna go
the gym and if he can't do a simple
layup are you getting that thing where
you carry him on your back no in the
beginning Brandon's gonna make like them
on the sidelines whoever he got next
watch the baby ball he plays yeah you
want to name then a two-time general
right anyway God thank you so much for
watching this video mom I'm sorry like I
said you come here you thought we're
gonna have like a nice breakfast and now
I go home and suddenly come here talking
about our first child and naming it my
mom's probably happy with me now
we're stressing her out but anyways guys
I hope you enjoyed today's video drop a
like if you did I feel like it wasn't
like I feel like it was like one of my
older vlogs just hanging out with the
family being here at the old house yeah
subscribe if you're new other than that
Brandon aka robotics I'm out and Dennis
oh yeah yo guys I'm already pretty much
closed the video out but I just want to
add this one little part to say that I
absolutely have the best girlfriend in
the world let me just tell you wait
Dennis you agree guys as for sets that
sound that's right and enforce them so
let's try that again
Dennis you agree yeah so guys I was
asleep and I know Jackie had to wake up
early and leave because she has to help
her family do something back at the
house so I woke up and she wasn't here
obviously but I come over to the table
and I see this bag and Jackie actually
left and brought back two burritos one
for me one for Dennis and surprise me
with a trowel and I woke up that's the
first thing we saw so shout out who's
been talking to ya and we've been
talking about these burritos so she
listens Jackie takes down the little
hints and
does things like this so Jackie hey
maybe I'll let her write the 14 names
for our second child because she got his
burrito so it's the least I could do you
know ten of them will be booked here but
the other four let her decide not guys
okay now I'm really closing this video
thank you so much for watching and I
love you guys all peace
