what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video I'm sure there
are going to be some people who probably
don't want to watch it or aren't
interested in basketball but I really
love doing these types of videos so
please just let me get away with doing
an NBA season prediction because every
other day I put out vlogs and pranks and
challenges for you guys so please let me
just do this one time itself today's
video is going to be an NBA Western
Conference standings prediction for
those people who the NBA you guys all
know that season starts in just a couple
of days and I wanted to get this video
out before the season started obviously
and there's obviously gonna be an
Eastern Conference one also and honestly
I'm not gonna get too in-depth about any
team because that would just take way
too long I used to do full predictions
about each and every single team in
separate videos but the NBA season
starts in three days and there's 30
teams so if I did one for each team that
would be 30 days and the season starts
in three days so unless I upload ten
videos a day not without further ado
number one my prediction for the number
one seed in the Western Conference for
the 2017 2018 season is obviously the
Phoenix Suns you guys already know with
Devin Booker Eric Bledsoe and drafting
Josh Jackson who is going to beat the
feat I'm just joking guys don't get me
wrong I'm a Phoenix Suns fan but I'm not
biased I keep it real so with the number
one seed in the Western Conference
obviously I'm going to go with the
Golden State Warriors the regular season
there's no team who's going to win more
games than the Golden State Warriors in
my opinion they are the best team in NBA
history there just hasn't ever been a
team with this combination of individual
talent individual star power and the way
they play the game is just it's
revolutionising the game of basketball
it's honestly what draymond Green said
it might come off as a little cocky how
he said that the Warriors have the whole
NBA in panic and but he was right I mean
the Warriors have said the league in a
panic and there's just they're gonna
finish number one and in the offseason
there was a lot of questions about how
the Warriors might not want to go over
the luxury tag so they might have to let
Andre Iguodala walk and less Shaun
Livingston go well guess what they
brought it back and
they needed to bring back and they added
Nick young and they added Alma Caspi and
they bought Jordan Bell on draft night
now we go down to number two this was
really hard for me to pay because number
two and number three were so close and
it's pretty much a toss-up but I'm gonna
go ahead and put the Houston Rockets at
number two I think they're gonna finish
second and to everybody who is stressing
over the Chris Paul and James Harden
pairing you guys need to stop I
understand they both need the ball in
their hands but at the same time they
both have really really high basketball
IQ they're both veterans and they both
know how to win so they're gonna make it
work it's not going to be like that one
year where Dwight Howard and Kobe and
Steve Nash and Pau Gasol had all those
problems on the Lakers and to everybody
who keeps saying all the Rockets aren't
gonna be good because adding Chris Paul
was doing too much to James Harden look
I think you guys just need to relax
you're looking too deep into it the
Rockets are going to be up there with
the Warriors in terms of offensive
efficiency they're going to be a really
really good offensive team Chris Paul
and James Harden are gonna feed off each
other they're gonna find each other
they're both good shooters and I feel
like the Houston Rockets a lot of people
think they got worse by adding Chris
Paul because they gave up a lot such as
Pat Beverley Lou will montrezl harrell
just a lot of pieces but in my opinion
they got better at the end of the day
role players are nice but star power is
what helps you win games in the NBA so
I'm going to put usage at number two and
now for number three I'm putting the
Oklahoma City Thunder like I said
earlier number two a number three we're
so close to each other I wouldn't be
surprised if OKC finished second Houston
finished third but for the sake of this
video let's just go Houston two and OKC
three I feel like OKC has the best
offseason not just in the Western
Conference
but out of any team in the league you
know adding Paul George for only older
people and sabonis and then going out
and getting Carmelo for as cheap as they
did Russell Western probably celebrating
like crazy so now they got Westbrook
Paul George and Carmelo Anthony and an
underrated Center and Steven Adams a lot
of people don't really mention him but
he's actually a big-time piece to what
the Thunder do game in and game out they
still have Roberson who can't shoot the
ball if his life depended on it but he
could play really really good defense
they obviously need to improve
bench a little bitch I know there's a
lot of question marks with okay
those three players are ball of dominate
and there's only one basketball so a lot
of people think they're gonna have
problems but I think Russell Westbrook
was just superb all dominant last year
because he can't really have anyone to
pass to now you give him Paul George and
Carmelo and he's gonna be dishing out
more than last year I don't even gonna
be putting up 30 shots okay about things
gonna be passing boring Oklahoma City is
gonna be fine
now moving on to number four and it
scares me to put this team at number
four just because every single year
people doubt them and they come out
strong but I'm gonna go ahead and put
the San Antonio Spurs in at number four
and this is not a knock on the Spurs the
Spurs are still going to be the same
great team that they were last season in
the year before and the year before and
the year before and the year before they
still got Gregg Popovich they still have
MVP candidate Kawhi Leonard who is a
great player but the West just got so
much more stat and the Spurs although
they're great all-around you have to
start worrying a little bit about the
point guard position because Tony Parker
obviously a fine player but he's getting
up there in age a little injury prone
now and you look at the point guards in
the West Chris Paul Steph Curry
Russell Westbrook so many of these I
guess superstar pointers in and Tony
Parker I don't know and then deshante
Murray I think he's gonna be good in the
future but right now he's just a little
too young however I do think the spreads
are gonna make it work just like every
year they're gonna make it work they're
still gonna be top four I think me
putting on my number four is not saying
something bad about the Spurs it's just
saying something about how stacked the
Western Conference is oh I just got
notification Oh
Bledsoe just like my tweet Eric let's
all like my tweet saying I'm gonna be
1000% strict this season if you slander
my team or say something dumb about my
team then you're getting block simple
and Eric Bledsoe just liked it anyways
back to the season predictions now we
move on to number five and this is where
I think a lot of people are going to be
shocked but this isn't a lot of people
and being predictions this is for what
is NBA predictions I'm gonna go ahead
and put the Los Angeles Clippers at
number five and this is gonna be a shock
to many many people because obviously
one you
who's a player like Chris Paul you think
you're gonna get worse not just a little
worse the alors however I like what the
Clippers did instead of watching Chris
Paul leave and then burning everything
to the floor you know letting Blake
Griffin leave and trading DeAndre Jordan
no they resize Lake Griffin obviously
they kept DeAndre Jordan and then
instead of just letting Chris Paul walk
they make they did a sign-and-trade
they got Patrick Beverley they got Lou
will who's going to be I guess they're
Jamal Crawford he's a great great score
off the bench they also signed anillo
Gallinari they finally got that small
forward that they've been looking for
the whole time that they had Chris Paul
they got montrezl harrell who's a great
hustle player Sam Dekker I don't thing
is gonna make that much of a difference
but they also got him and then they got
that point guard from overseas if you
guys have not seen him play you guys are
in for a treat the dude could pass and I
know he's a little older but the dude
knows how to play the game I haven't
watched him play like a fool game but
I've seen some highlights and he makes
some jaw-dropping passes so I think the
Clippers I don't want to say that they
got better than last year but a lot of
people assume like automatically Oh
Chris Walton of the Clippers are gonna
suck I don't know I feel like people are
sleeping on the Clippers I don't know if
they'll reach as high as number five am
I finished six or seven but I think
there are surefire playoff team a
hundred percent in the playoffs and I
think that although they didn't get
better than last year I don't think they
got as bad as people make them out to be
you guys gotta stop sleeping on the
Clippers Blake Griffin in my opinion and
underrated MVP Kennedy I think he really
improved his game and I think knowing
that Chris Paul is gone now taking the
team under his wings he has a lot to
prove and I think he's gonna show it now
for a number of six I'm gonna go ahead
and say the Minnesota Timberwolves and a
lot of people have them ranked higher
I've actually spoke with a lot of people
who have them ranked top four and I
think you guys need to slow down just a
little bit because the Minnesota
Timberwolves although they added a lot
of talent and they already have some
really really nice young pieces slow
down because they're not gonna be better
than the Warriors or the Rockets or the
Thunder or the Spurs don't get me wrong
like I said I'm not saying anything bad
about Minnesota but the Western
Conference is freaking stacked if
Minnesota have this team
four years ago they would be top two top
three but right now in 2017 though less
is stead and Minnesota is a fifth or 16
I'm not gonna lie me putting them at six
maybe they can reach up to number five
but they're not going to reach up to a
top four team again all you Timberwolf
fans out there I'm not hating I'm a huge
hardly have any talents man Wiggins is
going to be really really good
adding Jimmy Butler obviously is a plus
that's a huge win especially for what
they gave up and then they got Jeff D so
don't get it wrong they have a lot of
talent their bench is going to be a
problem though it's a little weak so you
got to look at that but they have enough
overall talent to overcome their bench
problems it's just that the lessons we
can step and I think Minnesota finishing
at number six would not be a bad thing
at all especially for how far they've
come they missed the playoffs so many
years in a row and they've been seen as
a bad team for so long that for them to
make the playoffs and not only sneak in
at number eight or number seven but for
them to go to number six or maybe even
finish number five I think that's a huge
plus for the franchise I think they
deserve it and I think Tom threw those
going to make a really really good head
coach for a winning team he can't coach
a bad team Tom Thibodeau needs to coach
a winning team that's just what his
mentality is now we move down to number
seven I think number seven comes the
Portland Trailblazers they still got
Damian Lillard
they still got CJ McCollum in my opinion
one of the best backcourts in the league
obviously and then what a lot of people
are forgetting
Yussef nerd cage he is a good basketball
but he's a really good basketball player
you guys saw if you kept up with the
Portland Trailblazers last year after
they acquired you center cage they were
like a whole different team he's really
talented and I'm surprised they got him
really cheap from Denver so I think he
changes kind of the whole dimension for
that team and once again I would put the
Blazers higher like I said two three
maybe four years ago the Blazers
finished top four but the less is
szostak and I think the Blazers improved
from last year but they didn't you know
add a superstar that we're trying to get
coming anything they were they were
trying to make a lot of noise and
instead they quietly got better so I'm
gonna put the blazer that number
what a shot me if they moved up to
number six but I don't see them being a
top five team in the West now this 8th
spot
obviously a seeds make the NBA playoff
so this is the final playoff team and
I'm gonna go ahead and put the Denver
Nuggets as a Western Conference playoff
team
I think Nikola the old cage is one of
the most slept on young players in this
league he's phenomenal he's a great
passer he could also score I think
Yogesh is pretty much the face of the
franchise for the Denver Nuggets they
also have Jamal Murray Gary Harris who
they just resigned and then they brought
in Paul Millsap and I think Paul Mills
happened Yogesh in the frontcourt
together are going to complement each
other perfectly they could both pass the
ball they could both score
I think Paul Millsap going to Denver was
like a match made in heaven for him I
think they'd have one of his best years
even though it's getting a little older
and a that I think that move is gonna
propel the Denver Nuggets into the
playoff which they've missed the past
couple of years and I'm excited to watch
this ever Nuggets this upcoming season
actually okay now that I've predicted
the eight playoff teams we are going to
move on to 9 through 15 I think that
number 9 come the New Orleans pelicans
and it hurt me to actually predict the
team with DeMarcus Cousins Anthony Davis
drew holiday rajon rondo to miss the
playoffs but at the end of the day depth
is so important in the NBA and aside
from cousins Anthony Davis and jewel
holiday and Rondo he's already heard
he's been injured from the past couple
seasons he's already came down with an
injury we don't know if it's too serious
or not but you get my point the pelicans
are not that deep they don't have too
much talent other than boogie cousins
drew Holliday and Anthony Davis and
although it would it shock me it would
not surprise me to see the pelicans make
the playoffs as the eighth seed I'm
gonna go ahead and predict that they
barely miss it make by a game or two but
Anthony Davis is a monster he's a beast
MVP candidate one of the best big men in
the whole entire NBA so that's why
anytime a team has
a player like that it wouldn't shock me
if they make the playoffs but I just
think this year they're gonna fall a
little bit short coming in at number 10
I'm going to put the Utah Jazz and in my
head losing Gordon Hayward is not as
serious as what everyone's making it out
to be they still have their defensive
identity which i think is huge they
still have really really nice home court
advantage it's really hard to win games
in Utah they still have woody Gobert who
in my head is one of the most underrated
big men in the league they drafted
Donovan Mitchell who I know summer
league and PCs and you got to take it
with a grain of salt but he has looked
really really good so far and I don't
think the Jazz are gonna drop off too
much honestly I'm gonna go out on a limb
and say it wouldn't surprise me to see
the Jazz fighting for the eight seed a
lot of people think losing Gordon
Hayward makes the Jazz automatically you
know last place or one of the worst
scenes in the West I don't think so
I think obviously they're gonna get a
little bit worse oh and they also added
Ricky Rubio too so I think it's gonna
make them a little bit worse but I don't
think they're gonna be as bad as
everyone makes not to be so 10 seed Utah
Jazz now we want to number 11 and it's
weird seeing the Memphis Grizzlies this
low because you know usually they're up
there whether it's top five top six top
seven they're always a playoff team and
I just feel like the Memphis Grizzlies
are kind of out of gas the league is
changing the way the game is played and
Memphis hasn't really adapted to that
Zach Randolph is gone Tony Allen is gone
and it's gonna be so weird seeing them
in different jerseys because although
Mike Conley and Marc Gasol are Memphis's
two best players every time I thought of
Memphis I always thought of Zeebo or
Tony Allen just hustling and grinding
it's just gonna be weird seeing Memphis
without them also my bold prediction is
that Marc Gasol is going to be traded at
the deadline we'll get into that in a
whole different video but I just don't
think Memphis has what it takes to keep
up with the super teams in the West
anymore and I think they're gonna fall
heavily this season
we'll see what they decide to do with
Marc Gasol and Mike Conley because
they're both under contract but I don't
really know if they fit the team's plan
so my elevenses
is Memphis now number 12 I'm gonna go
with the Los Angeles
I know there's a lot of Laker fans who
watch my videos and I think this is a
perfect spot for the Lakers they're not
going to be as bad as they were the past
couple seasons Laker fans you guys watch
the Lakers the past few years they have
been outright bad just like the Phoenix
Suns and I think this year they make a
jump they actually went out and made
some sensible moves they brought in
Brook Lopez they sign Kentavious
caldwell-pope they drafted long the ball
kyle Kuzma like I said you can't look
too much into pre-season or summer
league but Kyle Koosman looks like a
baller he looks like he could hoop and
everybody's excited to see what Lonzo
balls gonna do and I'm not gonna lie I
am too but coos you got to keep your
eyes open for Kyle Kuzma because he
might end up being something for the Los
Angeles Lakers again this was a couple
years ago and the Lakers had this roster
maybe they sneaked into the playoffs but
the less is just so stacked and the
Lakers are gonna have to face every
single team in the West four times so I
think that's why they end up at number
12 and I don't think that's a bad thing
jumping from number 14 to number 12 in
one season is good and honestly I
wouldn't be surprised if I saw them
switch with Memphis if I saw the Lakers
go to 11 and Memphis fall to 12 that
wouldn't surprise me either
I think the Lakers they're gonna finish
10 to 12 12 being the worst case
scenario I'm not gonna like last few
seasons they've been boring and now it
kind of looks like they have something
to look forward to it they're finally
making moves that show that they want to
wane with Brook Lopez and Casey P they
still have Julius Randle so the Lakers
should actually be a fun team to watch
this season I just don't know if it's
gonna translate into that many wins I
know the four ball said that they're
gonna make the playoffs but there's just
so much competition in the West that
it's hard for me to see the Lakers being
a playoff team but 12 seed now on to
number 13 the moment I have been waiting
for the Phoenix Suns as much as it kills
me being such a huge Suns fan we have a
bright future I'm not gonna lie this
year we're not gonna be good okay I'm
not gonna sit here and be like oh the
Phoenix Suns are gonna win the
championship we're gonna make the
playoff because that's just not gonna
happen I'm a huge Suns fan I love the
Phoenix Suns to death and I watch every
game but I'm also a real fan and I
understand the stake that this team is
in right now we are rebuilding we
really really nice pieces Devin Booker
josh jackson tyler ulis marquis chris
dragon bender Derek Jones jr. Alan
Williams Eric Bledsoe we have a ton of
nice pieces we just need to put them
together and we just seen away and I
just I think we're a little too young
right now we are a couple of years away
although this season we're gonna be bad
it should still be fun to watch because
Josh Jackson this preseason has shown so
much promise
you know another top five pick so I
can't wait to see what he brings so many
people were concerned about Josh
Jackson's jump shot coming out of
college
well he's shooting over 50% from the
field and that's not just with dunks and
layups he's taking three-pointers he's
taking mid-range shots so that's pretty
exciting as a Suns fan Devin Booker
obviously if he averaged 22 points a
game in his second season I can't wait
to see what he does in his third year by
the way D book is not even 21 years old
yet so I can't wait to see how he
improved his game every single year I'm
expecting to figure out of him and I
can't wait to see what Booker shows on
the court because this past offseason he
has gotten praise from Kobe Bryant
Dwayne Wade LeBron James Kevin Durant
he's gotten praise from so many NBA
legends it's just crazy
I can't wait to see what he showed on
the court after all that Eric Bledsoe
obviously consistently 20 points per
game score the guy averages over 20
points a game for 6 assists a game and
almost 5 rebounds a game and nobody
talks about an Eric Bledsoe it's an
underrated point guard last year there
were only a couple players who averaged
well he did LeBron James Russell
Westbrook James Harden and Yanis on to
the group pool that's it that's it
that's a really really good group to be
a part of devin booker rightfully soaked
gets all the hype in phoenix Josh
Jackson gets all the you know upcoming
hot but people sleep on airs lentil it's
been happening for years and years and
years and I'm sick of it the people need
to show this man the respect he deserves
so I can't wait to see this team I feel
like I'm gonna fall in love with this
team I hope they shocked me and they
surprised me and we end up being better
but I just I don't know I'm not
expecting too much I think we need one
more piece we have a really really
future you know sometimes when I think
about our future I mean sunglasses
because it's so bright but these
predictions are for right now for this
season and I think this sounds are gonna
be one of the bottom teams in the West
now at number 14 I'm gonna go ahead and
pick the Dallas Mavericks at this spot I
have so much respect for Dirk Nowitzki
you know class-act playing for one team
his whole career and you know do not
sleep on the rookie point guard dxj
Dennis Smith jr. I'm not even gonna lie
on draft night if the sun's getting at
Josh Jackson at number four I wanted
them to somehow get Dennis Smith jr.
he's going to be so good and I saw him
live at the summer league I saw him play
against his sons he killed the sons he
killed us
I wanted to back to the game I have a
picture with him in a video I said yo
what's up bro you know blah blah blah
I'm a son to him but you killed my team
I just said it straight up and he
started laughing you know he showed
respect to me I show respect to him so
he's cool and honestly Rookie of the
Year candidate it wouldn't surprise me
to see him win Rookie of the Year I
think he's gonna have a chance to play a
lot of minutes for Dallas he's gonna
start right away but at the end of the
day they're a team just overall their
team isn't that good and I think Mark
Cuban understands now that you got to
rebuild at some point every year the
mask kind of tried to just add random
pieces to try to get better and better
but I think this year is the first year
that they finally accepted yo the league
is changing the less is freaking stat
and we just need to tear down and
rebuild and I don't think this would be
a bad thing for the Mavericks when was
the last time the Mavericks doli really
high pick in the draft so I think
there's our year to do it especially
with next year the NBA draft lottery
changing I think this is the year where
Cubans like okay I don't want to say
they're gonna tank but I think they
understand that this is a year that they
should go get a high Pig no offense to
Dallas guys just know that Mark Cuban is
rebuilding now we move on to last place
the final team I think I'm going to
finish last place in the Western
Conference the Sacramento Kings did I
mention bright future yeah because you
gotta throw the Sacramento Kings in that
category too in my opinion they have the
best drafts out of any team in the NBA
Darren Fox Harry Giles and Justin
Jackson I think they had a great draft
Fox has looked really good
and there were even some people on draft
night saying they would rather have him
over lawns oh and also obviously they
have scale they have Willie cauley-stein
they have Buddy hield it's like a new
heir and now that boogie cousins is gone
and I feel like although they're gonna
be bad this upcoming season they have so
much potential to be a really really
good team in the future and I think
adding Zach Randolph and George Hill
although it confused a lot of people and
even confuse me at first but it makes
sense now you can't just throw a team
out there with a bunch of young players
you need some veteran leadership and I
think Zach Randolph
Vince Carter - and George is not going
to provide just that just like the Suns
they have a bunch of young players and
it doesn't really make sense why they
have Tyson Chandler and Jared Dudley
there because it just doesn't fit the
timeline but you just got to realize you
can't just have a team with everybody
being rookies and sending your players
it doesn't work like that the NBA you
need some players to be there to just
the mature other players so although I'm
picking the Kings to be last place in
the West don't get me wrong they have a
really really bright future and I it
wouldn't surprise me to see them bounce
back from the boogie cousins era faster
than people expect anyways guys this
video was done with nothing in front of
me no laptop no phone no tablet no
nothing it was just off the top of my
hand so I'm gonna go ahead and close out
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you're not fans of the NBA I don't
expect you to still be watching at this
one but if you do you're freaking real
if you sat and watch me talk for this
long about a sport that you don't even
like you're one of the realest people on
earth I'm not into the lie so anyways
for those who enjoy basketball I hope
you enjoy this video let me know what
you guys think in the comment section
down below
obviously I expect some disagreements
not everybody's gonna have the same
predictions other than that Brandon here
aka robot is I'm out and I love you guys
all peace
