okay Bosley give me one second I guess
Brian bought a new dog and Bosley hasn't
seen him yet or maybe he doesn't get
along with him I'm not sure I just got
here
I guess Brian got a dog he told me
yesterday I don't know if I believe him
or not but he texted me to come upstairs
in his room and he'll show me the new
dog I don't really believe him because I
think Brian would have sent me snapchats
if he actually got the new dog but Brian
thinks he slick the water bowls right
here but I know that's Bosley's he
probably tried to make me think that it
was the new dogs oh my god Brian on my
wife I didn't believe you I swear they
believe you that you got oh my god wait
he's actually so cute what's his name
Booker no yeah don't tell me that's a
pee stain shut up oh my gosh hey okay I
don't have a name for him yet Brian I
say Booker oh wait what Brian you're
crazy was Bosley not enough I know hey
no name dog I'm team Bosley Oh Brian
he's actually so cute wait this is crazy
than my mom no yeah go potty go potty or
else I'm gonna put you in the garage go
potty or else garage
hopefully Bowser gets along with him
that's the main part that's the biggest
thing wait listen listen was okay should
I let him see him right yeah okay hey
bud Lee mine bothers memory doesn't even
go back two days
ky I'm humming Bobby even cares oh hey
that's the new dog
hey don't don't do that to Bosley
Booker no who's that C Bosley's my type
of dog he doesn't even care he's chill
here boy another dog we don't like that
you don't like you okay well dog is
really really cute
but Bosley just has a special place in
my heart he looks happy and he looks
like he doesn't care but I still feel
like Bosley's a little sad if the other
dog it's too much attention so I'm gonna
today I'm just going to devote to Bosley
I'm gonna spend the rest of the day with
Bosley I'm gonna make father feel like
he's the most important person in the
world Bosley don't worry you're still
the best dog ever six and a half hours
later you guys I was eating and look
what I found
Brennan firstly was Bosley so cute
oh hey babe you fall asleep you look
confused oh my god he's literally like
because he's heard that Brian got a new
job I'm team Bosley that's weird that
it's right in the area I know right
before you add me as a girlfriend
Bosley but now you're scaring a little I
already have a girlfriend you know that
right Oh Bosley just said it's okay to
have two partners no it's not Bosley and
I guess I can make an exception for you
Dennis always gets shot when he's on
camera
let's go camera shy one more let's go
camera shy oh let's see if faze adapt
sure is good luck or bad luck bad luck
oh guys someone's waiting for me to
go downstairs Bosley you want me to go
downstairs with you you know when
Twilight came out and there was the
whole team Jacob or Team Edward team
whatever the hell they were I'm team
Bosley baby let's go buddy but I'm not
gonna lie the other dog is so cute
did you see he's cute but who's our
favorite dog
you didn't follow me well you know what
even if you follow I'm just gonna press
ignore my cousin sent me a screenshot
this morning
so my dad texted my cousin saying hey
why don't you follow me on instagram and
then my cousin said okay I'll follow you
but you have to follow back and dad what
did you tell her as long as the famous
people they don't follow us famous
people don't follow others so he said
you follow me but I'm not gonna follow
you back what did you say but my dad
said did you click like on my picture so
if you're wondering why my dad has so
many likes on his picture is because he
forces people to like his picture that's
what happened when you open Instagram
for something like thirty six thousand
five hundred thirty six thousand like
let me refresh it although come on go up
and if I should go up okay 65k followers
mom how much are you at this is the real
cloud house forget the rice Govind Baker
this is the cloud house
I don't know who my parents are anymore
I swear just last year you guys didn't
even know what Instagram was and now
look at this how much do you charge for
a shout-out like if I want to shout out
how much do you charge one time for free
yes wait dad did you hear wait hold on
let me check it from my account is still
good I heard just right now come on
please oh I'm safe any account I doesn't
have a hundred thousand followers on
Instagram they're deleting only like
over a hundred thousand well you could
talk to ya but you're telling me like
it's up to me it's not up to me you have
to talk to them okay well I'm just
saying check right now if your account
still there if you're logged out when
you go back on your phone that means
they deleted your account how much do
you have in one week and that's with no
shoutouts pa pa a w ad is will you
forgot at Papa labas ah
Papa waters they need to or else your
accounts gonna get deleted
yeah please guys follow just make me
rich 100 our Mike on will be safe what
would happen if your Instagram got
deleted I'll make a big noise on social
media do you think it should open
Twitter you know fight it fight it like
it might come back do you think it would
be it should be on scarce our keemstar
account gets too low put it on the skin
I put it on the other guy with the beard
how did Jack get all of her followers
she got at least 50,000 care ok watch
guys just to make my dad happy look look
like ok story
okay please make sure to go follow my
gonna get off but if you lick my leg one
more time please stop baby please
yeah Instagram is life ball is life
Instagram is life and Bosley is making
out with my leg is life and not just
making a Bosley I don't want to say on
camera what you're doing
guys I think Bosley loves me a little
too much maybe when I slept next to him
I don't know he I like a dream or
something but just look oh I don't know
what it is but I just I swear to you
it's just it grosses me out
No
know it oh now look the whole thing and
that's like weird right no no okay guys
I think all the love I showed was Lee
he's fine like oh you know why I think I
have a crush on Brandon Bosley right all
of the sudden BAM Ron one more thing
your Instagram sucks Ron I'm just
kidding
you know people were saying that um I
mean because I call you Ron but it's
like what else am I supposed to call you
know am I gonna say father-in-law
Ron can i I think you're in a fight with
yourself because he's in love with you
that sounds familiar
Bosley I don't think I'm ever coming
back here anymore no no no no oh my gosh
round two already he literally only
rested for two seconds
no buzzy buzzy okay no hey Bosley okay
no no more please
no someone make him a appointment to get
neutered please dad are you verified yet
imagine my dad gets verified before me
wait can someone tell me what's up with
this so on Instagram I have almost a
million followers I don't know 850,000
and I'm not verified okay and then on
Twitter
I have almost 300,000 followers and I'm
still not verified I don't know why and
a lot of people are gonna say oh you
have to apply for it I do apply and it
gets denied it just makes no sense
sometimes I'm on Twitter Bosley please
you're scaring
like sometimes I'm on Twitter and I see
some people that are verified and they
have like five thousand followers ten
thousand followers
I don't know what am I supposed to do to
get verified I don't know we'll see
maybe one day I'll get verified Bosley
I'm gonna be hearing the in my
nightmares I swear I'm gonna wake up 50
times in the middle of the night and
this is what I'm gonna see Buddle you
want to come sleep in my apartment yeah
right not tonight I'll be so scared babe
I know you're jealous okay oh oh dad
wait do I look at an Instagram picture
behind the scenes from the infamous Papa
wadis I can't believe I'm actually
getting a shout-out from the one the
only legendary pop artist mom what is
wrong with your husband
yeah dad what was that a video um this
is all for my dad's Instagram story you
should put some music with that Yuka
coming down ladies Instagram he gets
really angry calming down Dennis dad is
that okay are you on the full yeah it
has limit time Oh dad oh are you getting
exposed I thought you did all your
captions I have to put all the life you
like I'm not leaving till you make it
how much what uh two dollars and twenty
three cents true happy meal $2.99 Brian
why do you waste my time see ya Oh dad
no no no no let me tell them what my dad
did my dad has lost like he's gone crazy
I said I got a text message a frickin
text message and I'm waiting I'm waiting
I'm waiting for a reply it's literally
been like nine hours so I texted him
back and I said dad why didn't you reply
to my text he said I did reply on
Instagram I said dad if I said you had
tanks that doesn't mean you replied to
me on instagram you can still text me he
thinks just cause he has an Instagram
account that he has to apply on
Instagram learners so I need to use this
you know what this and then he sent me a
DM on Instagram at 7:00 in the morning
randomly on DM saying shout out wadis I
said dad so I guess that's our new way
of communication but it's okay to still
use text message yeah yeah it's an old
person so Instagram is the new ting
