we got Robbo we got Danny there's
another fuckin game from him he passed
says ornaments to gamers says ornaments
to gamers hey don't get me involved in
this all I'm saying is we got next
and we're about to play in like a minute
and benta I want you taking that shot
you got Justin damn the whole crew here
today watch if all he sees the camera
he's shooting the ball 100% just watch
let him see the camera okay Holly I'm
filming game-winner
Donald on camera both ally you pass it
twice while the camera was filming you
know so when you get older your game
develops and you're looking for other
people to get involved Steve Nash it
used to be Kobe now he's my teammate and
now we're playing against Sully so so
sorry Brandon and your team okay well
how about we up in okay winners now
you're going up it's the it's the shirt
the Jaguar it's all these passes right
cause you'll get mad Dennis Dennis is
out you got it look at latest man you
gosh this is it look at this this but
chemistry right here Massey for all day
okay
Denis you look clean rope hey Paul I
think that flag in the top right we
gotta change it to the sons one now you
could keep your Lakers the thing under
it but I need the son's flag and you can
keep the Chargers one too
oh I forgot guys Paul is Raider Nation
well that's kind of disrespectful no
sons won it I've been come here for five
years I'll bring one you I'm going to
the Lakers and Suns game on October 20th
who's taking the W come on October 20th
we'll remember I'll bring back this clip
Paul yes please do please oh I have no
idea where dennis is hopefully he
doesn't scare me from behind the door
when I walk in boom aah every day that I
have a game Dennis says that he knows
exactly what I wear on my feet he knows
exactly what I wear for shorts and he
knows exactly what I wear on top so
Dennis let's see if you get it right
Dennis you would be a good equipment
manager a Phoenix Suns equipment manager
of the future Oh Dennis we have to go to
the mailbox to get our water bill an
electric bill imagine we get late on
that too
okay let's see if you get it right let's
see oh shit okay guys well okay just so
they don't think it wasn't from me and
Dennis was from me Oh Jackie
damn I went in this morning look the
whole sheets are off and everything okay
whatever just Stavro okay Jersey correct
these ones
- long enough to be app short these are
the game shorty aha aha but wait I don't
walk in with the jersey up you just
wanted to make a mistake no I think he's
struggling and we got the hoodie J
there's no hoodie mellow hoodie why
Dennis you've got funnier in the vlog
that's it may bow yeah I've been
practicing and I sent my room sometimes
I just shoot their thing brains for what
can I say on camera Dennis you've got my
outfit right mm-hmm today is game day we
got a game in a couple of hours actually
but I was gonna head over there early to
kinda warm up and stretch out because
for those who didn't get to see my video
yesterday it was bad like I got cramps
up really really bad I wasn't drinking
enough water and I played way too much
basketball so I was in a lot of pain so
I'm gonna go there early to kind of
stretch out and look a normal person
would be like I'll go there early to see
if I could play but you guys already
know me I'm gonna play no matter what
even if I was playing with half my body
I would still play but last week we took
at L we freakin lost so that means we
have one win and one loss on the
brand-new season it's only been two
games
I wish me one last week but we ended up
losing so that makes us 1 and 1 we got a
link today I'm gonna be honest with you
guys the team we're playing today I
don't know any of the guys I don't know
any of the players they're a brand new
team to this league so they could end up
being one of the best teams or they
could be one of the worst teams who
knows that means you gotta bring your
best game you got to play your hardest
and you just go put everything out there
to win especially my team is coming off
of a loss I got faith in my teammates
just because we lose one game a lot of
people like to panic a lot of people
like to stress but no I just told
everyone keep it calm keep it cool there
was one game and let's just get back on
track to winning I'm trying to remember
how many points I dropped because I
think last week I had 23 and then the
week before I had 25 so that's two games
where I scored good but we got a win
because that's the most important thing
anyways like I said I'm gonna head over
there I'm gonna play my best I'm gonna
try my hardest and I hope my teammates
are ready because we don't want to take
two L's in a row and I don't care if I'm
I'm here if I'm in pain there are no
excuses once you step onto the
basketball court I hope everybody's
ready and I can't wait for you guys to
watch the rest of this game and
hopefully my team brings home a W for
you guys hey ro Mel
can I get a little turn I gotta say
something for the video AJ can I get a
little turn around please
so Justin's loke hurt so we got
insurance so a Mel's playing with us
just in case I'm trying to tell votes
don't play too hard in this game we got
our game right after that our game is
more important right okay does anyone
else want to play with us now just stay
on the bench save your energy you don't
need to play this one they needed more
play hey what are you doing here they
needed more players on the team Thomas
nothing but our game is gonna start on
this side I'm
okay you do what you got to do
wait what do they do at the end
oh okay guys so I guess I wasn't allowed
to play over there I don't know why the
director just told me you're not allowed
to play and I'll buy why just like No
okay I didn't even shoot I was just
passing the ball he didn't say why he
just didn't know
ha
you guys Ranas goals like imagine such a
great dad watching his son you know he
drove 30 minutes to get here
number water sweatshirt
learn that
this wrench really stopped the whole
game in the middle of the play just to
walk up to my dad and tell him that he
can't be sitting there because he's not
a part of our team what like is this a
joke
the refs really felt so bothered that my
dad was standing there which by the way
my dad was taking pictures and talking
to supporters of me and my brother my
dad was being nice
the refs really felt the need to stop
the whole game and tell my dad to move
because he's not part of the team
Oh guys this game is so physical so
intense like hey guys so there's five
minutes left it's 21 to 17
2:21 so tight game
let's go babe
you
it's 24 to 25 so we're only up one it's
going to be really intense
we're down by one point with 13 minutes
left you guys this game is really in
you guys team is working so hard right
now 3232
let's go 36 to 37 10 minutes left my
heart's gonna sink them
let's go
everybody's standing up now 38 to 38 six
minutes left
so 39:38 or up
please win please win please win I want
to go get Applebee's of course I have to
speak who let me speak
is 43 to 39
guys look at the scoreboard this is
after Chris made his free-throw look at
the score we still have 39 that's why I
kept telling you guys remember the score
at 39 because we were already at 39
points then Chris made a free throw so
we should be at 40 correct me if I'm
wrong but 39 plus 1 is not 39 39 plus 1
is 40 so on this next play just watch
what happens this is crazy
should be 42
it's 42
this should be authority floor
one point one point
you add one please
one plane
guys so here's where like I literally go
into shock because if you miss a point
okay that's cool everybody makes
mistakes so that's why we call the
timeout and everybody came together to
talk about it
the refs came the scorekeeper came up
the director of the whole league came up
so I'm like okay they're gonna talk
about it it's gonna get solved I'll be
asleep because he made a mistake this is
what blows my mind they came together
they all talked about it and then they
said no the score is fun we didn't make
a mistake and I said are you kidding me
are you kidding me like the fact that he
made the mistake is fine we're all human
we all make mistakes
but what's not okay is that all the reps
came together the director of the league
came together and the score keeper came
up and they all talked about it and they
still came to a decision that the score
is okay are you kid like are you drunk
and I kept telling them on my yoke we
had everything on camera my girlfriend
is right there recording so can we
please just watch one second and
everything will be okay and they're like
now we're not checking the camera we're
right where we got it right you don't
need to check the camera and I'm like
bro it takes one second let's just go
watch the footage because I swear to you
we should have one point extra and they
can't say nope all right keep playing
the game and I was just like this is
crazy this is crazy
it's one point this is where I'm trying
to beg like I'm literally saying please
restless just go check the camera and
you know what the rest says he goes who
are you we're not checking the camera
for you you're wrong and we're right
this this ref is a dick
you
I'm literally the corniness he left it
at 39 it should have been 40
whatever and then he came back in May
one so he missed one point it should
have been one because we're down for
fucking ridiculous
for
they don't want to watch
if you luca bleah something fucking
rocket uh before ok guys so I don't even
really know what to say for the outro
there's not really anything I could say
I mean you guys saw everything you need
to see I'm just gonna let you guys judge
it I'm gonna let you guys decide what
you think in the comments section down
below I do want to say one thing though
off camera I went up to the director of
the whole league and I pretty much told
him like yo I understand the scorekeeper
made a mistake that's normal we're human
but what I don't understand is like why
can't you just look back at the camera
because we had that all on footage and
you know what he told me this is so
unprofessional you know what he actually
told me he's like hey if you don't like
the way things are run around here then
you don't have to play in this league
and I'm just like like what I'm just
like I just threw me off guard and then
he goes hey we're human we make mistakes
and I was like I understand I'm not mad
at the fact that he made a mistake I'm
mad at the fact that you came over but
two referees came over and the
scorekeeper came over and you guys all
talked about it
you guys all discussed it and you still
refuse to look at the camera and the
referee in the rudest way came up to me
and said nope we're not watching camera
footage you're wrong were right now
let's keep playing the game and he's
just like won't we make mistakes like
it's just so frustrating to me because
we all pay the same amount of money we
all play the same game it's called
basketball so why can't we all get fair
treatment why do we get screwed over by
the scorekeeper or by the refs it's it's
just it's clear it's not something that
I'm saying and Oh Brandon you're wrong
no it's right there on camera you guys
see it you gots flood my comment section
with all the refs ugh the rest are
screwing you guys over the scorekeeper
miss the point and it's right here right
in front of us that's what I don't get I
just want it to be fair if we lose
because we play bad then we lose because
we play bad if we lose because we suck
then we lose because we suck but I hate
losing the game because of it I don't
know and the fact that a mistake could
have been prevented like it's 2017 we
have technology we have phones we have
cameras you could easily go back and
look they were just being stubborn they
were like nope you're wrong you're wrong
you're wrong
when clearly watch the video we were
right and we got screwed out of another
game so I'm gonna let you guys decide on
let you guys talk about in the comment
section down below I was frustrated I
was pissed off and I still AM anyways
I'm Brandon aka Broadus
I'm out I hope you guys enjoyed this
video peace
