you must forfeit the premise like you
have to give up the house $600 feed oh
and it goes into like legal issue like
Corp I know I alive
okay keep laughing laugh knowing that
there's a last breakfast we have in this
house but now we have to stay just in
case the freaking people come to take
all of our stuff I'm going to push the
door look this to me me once I feel like
this is at the end of the day we might
be getting kicked out we need to do this
ASAP we need to get this figured out
just tell them we're sorry really
important I say if you just let her mind
she's done that's like really important
like the way you said it's so important
that for one more day thank you both the
way you said it let me give you a closer
as well is very important it seemed like
you with me with her and you got her
pregnant okay guys so we'll update this
video when we get a call back
dance bro just tell them we're sorry you
tell if it's not gonna happen again all
the work for them free free just never
forgive me
they're calling oh yeah so we ended up
like when we were doing the check and
then when we came there was a notice on
our door like oh yeah so then we're
trying to pay our check then they tell
us we need to get a cashier's check so
that like some bank was closed day
yesterday was a third day and we had
like yeah
how about we give them cash
we can't pay with cash register right oh
now say sorry bro okay so if we come if
we come like like doing and pay it will
be good yeah say sorry okay and thank
you sorry we're just so confused
let's say what happens if we don't pay
today just have to do Brandon just wants
to know what's gonna happen if we don't
pay today Brandon just wants to know
what you had to blame it on me
we are what he just wants to know
imagine how many good videos where would
you live with me oh well the three days
are up
yeah sorry we're likely make your zone
again we're still gonna be roommates
pretty much neighbors okay guys so yeah
we like we moved in all over again I
know that bro that was fine it's like
the rush and the whole like the thrill
that we were getting from almost getting
kick also I'm not gonna be able to push
the door closed
there's nothing like this way big you
can unpack your stuff now no it's not
you know it has to be a cashier's check
and now we have to pay rent guys oh my
goodness
Sookie yeah their cashier's check
printer is broken
Oh dennis is asking somebody else but we
have to go to another bank and it's kind
of far away and they close at three
o'clock so we have to hurry up
of course the printers broken okay guys
so we made it to location number two and
it looks like it's gonna go through
hopefully actually next month we're
paying 50 days in advance
I tried paying the whole year in advance
they said we can't when we first got it
and now look what happens this is why I
was trying to pay the whole year in
advance
hey listen right now if someone shot me
the tranquilizer gun and I fucking
passed out for like six hours I wouldn't
care I swear Oh oh my god now I know
what a frickin period feels like the way
I have to do a part for the vlog look
what is this this is for my contacts
longest long lasting and he's gonna turn
me into a girl you might get your period
- oh okay I'll take a period as long as
you're not pregnant I'd rather be pretty
nice drink water big that's why you're
like heaven no the whole day guys it's
10:00 p.m. and I've only drink one sip
of water not one bottle but one sick and
I play like six hours of
okay guys so what I'm gonna try to throw
up I swear I'll do this part after 650 a
new ones I swear these pills are for
girls oh they're my dolls
yeah but basically for girls am I gonna
turn into a girl your period i honk it i
sound like this four guys I don't
Carolyn hey I'll try anything like I
don't know what happened to me well I'm
pretty trying no I'll tell you guys in a
little bit but just as I feel like this
doesn't mean I'm not gonna do this part
because I promise that I'll do this vlog
part so I'm gonna do for you guys oh my
god would you come to my funeral so God
just so warning to everybody out there
if you play basketball
do not play six hours of Bethel without
drinking water because you guys I'm not
touching but okay usually I'm good with
pain I could like sprain an ankle or
fucking break a finger and I won't even
care yeah so when Brandon said pain I
know it's like serious never complaining
like ever
okay I'm having a baby right now like
the baby's coming out I'm going into
labor right now like now I know what all
pregnant moms feel like I literally
never complain about pain I play
basketball when I'm sick I play
basketball when I'm injured I don't care
but this is bad this is different and I
like to all you so in the morning I woke
up and I went to go play basketball I
played like two or three hours whatever
I didn't really drink any water I don't
know why cuz I'm an idiot so then I have
to go to the dealership the car
dealership I had to help my dad with
something while I was got the dealership
I was trying to edit a video I was
trying to get my video up and I did so I
didn't even drink any water because I
was just like what I was focused on
doing my video and I was focused at the
car dealership then as soon as we got
back from the Cardinal shit I went back
to the gym and I played for like another
four or five hours and I don't know why
I wasn't really drinking water and now
I'm they call the zoo let's just let
them tranquilize me because there's no
way I'm gonna fall asleep there's no way
I could fall asleep today they have to
that's a lot maybe six or even fifty
tranquilizers you think welcome animal
like crabs take over me and I haven't
ate anything except half a burrito it's
10 p.m. right now no food has entered my
body except half of a burrito because I
was so busy playing basketball I was so
busy helping my dad finishing my video
the clothes has done earlier today you
heard the phone call how they said we
could pay we just have a late fee so I
just want to elaborate on that so I went
down to the office earlier today to pay
the rent for the apartment and you know
I was like I'm so sorry I didn't know
that the rent was due bla bla bla and
they they actually said it's their fault
they said that they called every single
resident after they moved in to tell
them how to pay the first month and they
forgot to call me and I told them I was
like yeah but it's still my father so
show the page and they're like no don't
worry about it you just gotta pay a late
fee so I paid the lengthy I didn't care
it's better than getting kicked out so
the girls that babe now I know you never
over exaggerate when you start your
period and you say your cramps very weak
no no no no you said it's only bad the
first two the second day oh my god
thought like this for one week straight
I swear I'd be drinking that cool every
day as we sleep for seven days every
time Jackie says she asked cramps I
always say oh let me kiss you so many
good oh my gosh if someone's right to
kiss my stomach right now
I'll fucking swim oh no it was seven
hours now she's telling on me mom she's
lying tattletale
if your girlfriend says she has cramps
now it took me 22 years of living life
to realize they're not over exaggerating
girls are not over exaggerating they
really are in pain and they feel like
they're gonna die just like me but uh
yeah I'm glad I'm still able to stay in
this apartment yeah I was an idiot for
that it was my fault they might say it's
their fault because they didn't call me
but I still should have known I
associated pay that I still should have
opened the letter if God came down right
now and told me your cramps will go away
but they have to take away your home and
your credit will be I would say go ahead
take the home let my credit be damage it
I don't care I love you so much but
please just right now I swear I know you
guys I feel like this video is gonna
come out awkward because look how far
away any but I swear went like I don't
feel good I don't want anybody near me
and that's just like I don't think I'm
gonna play basketball for the rest of my
life just joking I'm going back in the
morning right when I wake up why would
you go feel good I know but I have a
game tomorrow but before my game I'm
gonna play basketball yo guys look I'm
in the middle of editing my video I'm
getting ready to go to the gym and play
some basketball it's the next morning
baby cuz ball is life but I just want to
give a huge shout out to my girlfriend
for not only bringing me food this
morning but she brought me the girls
medicine last night but I don't care
because it helped she also brought me a
Gatorade she brought me ginger ale and
she just she took care of me last night
I'm not gonna lie and say that I feel
better because I still dead baby cuz
ball is life just between 11:00 and 1:00
and then I don't feel better because
that's what's that basketball from 11:00
to 1:00 is lunchtime basketball so I
have to lie and say that I feel better
but now that's my girlfriend the best
girlfriend on earth because she's taking
care of me and also shout-out to my mom
because I know that if my mom was here
she would be taking care of me just as
much and my mom actually sent me a text
look I feel bad for my mom because of
the snitch she texted me from 7:00 a.m.
she said if you're awake how are you
and I said I'm feeling better again mom
I lied to you but I know that if I did
until I was feeling better you would get
mad I'm going to play basketball and
then she said I was so worried I
probably only slept three hours waiting
just to see how you're feeling I'm glad
you're feeling better mom my mother like
my mother I have the best mom and then
she said if you want to come have
breakfast let me know and then I said I
would come but I'm gonna go play
basketball and then she said oMG ha ha
so my mom's hip - but ya guys shout outs
my mom's shadow it's my girlfriend and
guys I swear to you I like I'm not
trying to act like I'm the toughest guy
on earth that sound I'm trying to do but
I'd never ever complain about pain like
I'll go to the gym and I'll sprain my
ankle I mean I won't even say anything
I'll come back home to Jackie or my mom
and I'll act like nothing even happened
there's even footage of me and the
basketball games playing games where I'm
throwing up in the middle of a game and
I'm still playing or you know I'm
bleeding heavily and I still play I
literally don't care but this pain was
different this pain was so bad so I
don't want people to think like Oh
Brandon is so weak he always complains
about pain that's not what it is now I
understand why LeBron was dying because
of Krantz I don't know it was bad guys
but usually I'm good with pain that's
why this just made no sense like there's
multiple videos and so much footage of
me playing through so many injuries but
this time I was just different I don't
know what to say oh and I have a game
later tonight so Oh to the gym the gym
is like a light warm-up before my game
go ahead I'll file a lawsuit anyways
guys I'm about to finish editing this
video I just want to drop the shout out
to my girlfriend and my mom and then
it's time to go play some b-ball mmm a
little bit only because you brought me
chick-fil-a I do so anyways thank you so
much for watching this video I hope you
guys enjoyed mom dad I know you want me
to move back into the house but it's not
gonna happen with me getting kicked out
I'm not getting kicked out thankfully
but by the way I still kept on playing
at the gym when I got the cramps I
didn't stop until everybody else stopped
because I wanted to keep playing but
why because ball avoid come home come
home I'm happy that I got a sushi now
you can eat it I'll eat the sushi I hope
you think I'm gonna like crabs control
my wife yeah okay guys thank you so much
for watching today's video I can't even
imagine how many memes are gonna be made
out of whatever you but Brandon aka bruh
wadis and I'm out and still living under
my roof Pierce
