I'm gonna explain it and before you guys
speak out can you just hear the whole
thing and then give your opinion it
seemed like there's something it's
pretty bad
you must forfeit the premise like you
have to give up the house $600 feed and
it goes into like legal issue like like
court we left a voicemail here it is
this is not a joke how I'm mad okay
everybody know I lie but right now
you're yelling I mean what is that gonna
do
okay keep laughing laugh knowing that
there's a last breakfast we have in this
house Dennis you can live with me I
swear my mom would obviously like you my
dad would love if you live with us bro
you can live with us trust me so yeah
guys we are enjoying the Last Supper no
it's the last benefits the last bottom
agreed on this house
hot more bites you know what's sad now
even my whole family got to come see my
place and now it's not even my place in
the people having Dennis you you keep
laughing you have a place give us the
keys say you know what you were supposed
to call me and tell me how do you manage
it yeah no I'm just gonna say sure when
I purchased the apartment they told me
that they're gonna give me a call and
let me know how to pay the first month I
don't get to call I got an eviction
letter I know why we're waiting so go in
it for another my reward dude come today
we had plans to go over to my mom and
dad's house early in the morning watch
the Chargers game with my dad helped my
dad with a video but now we have to stay
just in case the freaking people come to
take all of our stuff I'm gonna push
look this is gonna be me once I hear the
footsteps I start my skin like this I'm
gonna get it me and you together they
can't open that trust the last Chargers
game I'm watching in this apartment
which is probably a good thing the way
this season's going oh and for chargers
oh the last video I'm editing and
rendering in this apartment wait Dennis
why don't you go say goodbye to your
barns you're gonna miss that one too
probably in there right now moving
everything listen guys so a lot of
people are gonna be like Brandon why are
you even like smiling or white why are
you not freaking out well guys we
already got the letter I mean we're
already in this situation so you might
as well I'm not saying smile and be
happy but you might as well like make
the most of I don't know if I'm making
sense but if I'm already in a situation
that I can't prevent I'd rather just try
to be like a good mood about it then
like let myself get all depressed and
down is at the end of the day we might
be getting kicked out if we already got
the letter there's nothing we could do
to change it except talk to them so in
the meantime Dennis
we need to do this ASAP we need to get
this figured out and then I don't know
we'll see so when I tweeted how I'm
getting kicked out half the people
thought it was a prank nobody believed
me but the other half
they're like broke you couldn't control
you were that loud that you had to get
kicked out they said you and Jackie and
in my head I'm like of course they would
think no it had one of them got like
over a hundred papers oh yes someone
said because you were too loud with
Jackie
oh shit Dennis let's go Dennis
hello sir uh-huh babe run baby run baby
run well what do you want sir there's my
home I had a word day ah okay guys so
since me and Dennis Scott yeah is it my
turn give me a second I'll update you
guys so we came to my dad's house like
promised we helped to make a video and
now we're playing some basketball and
I'm driving here in my head I'm
expecting to get yelled at by my mom and
dad like this is your first month moving
out by yourself and you already do
something stupid I'll expect me to get
yelled at but I come and my dad is like
hey do you want to go play some
basketball so I don't think he watched a
video yet that isn't my turn yet again
Dennis there's no way you're there is he
really dead the truth
I'll give him six chances from there
okay Dennis you cheater dad did you
watch my upload yet today you always
watch my videos no I was busy today okay
Lori watch it
are you guys I was trying to make a
video why what's in it no it's like it's
like a vlog you will watch after we play
this yeah yeah it's like I put a lot of
something yeah I put a lot of footage of
you yeah for my Instagram yeah I
promoted your Instagram for the vlog so
we'll watch it together inside
he's still gonna watch the video I
already know dad if you make it you
could watch the video Oh Dennis your
turn babe guess what my dad didn't watch
the video yeah and neither has my mom
while we were playing bass well sigh dad
I mentioned how I don't think you should
watch the video my mom wasn't even home
at the time so she doesn't even know
what I'm talking about but I'll just
explain it to you guys how about that
I'll save you the time of watching the
video so remember dad how me and Dennis
we're supposed to be here early in the
morning to help you with the video or
watch the Chargers game yes okay so if
you're wondering why we didn't come
until later on in the day that's because
we needed to stay in our apartment just
in case someone came knocking on the
door because we were expecting some who
knows maybe someone is at the door right
now but we were expecting somebody to
show up today I wish it was a pizza
delivery look let me just say this I'm
gonna explain it and before you guys
speak out can you just hear the whole
thing and then give your opinion mom
this might be a good thing for you
you've been asking me to come back oh
okay I'll just explain it so you know
how like rent is due at the end of every
month and every month you pay online
except the first month the first month
for the home
the apartment yeah so the first month
the leasing manager said that when we
move in she was gonna call me and Dennis
to let us know how to pay the first
month we never got a call and a couple
days ago we got a letter in the mail and
it looked the same as every other letter
that was pretty much nothing every day
they send us like oh get your carpet
clean for free
come join this raffle just random fires
that was just end up throwing away this
letter in the envelope it looked exactly
the same so we didn't open and we just
left it on the counter last night Jackie
open the letter and thankfully she
opened it because we got this letter
three days ago we did open it and the
first thing you set up the table was
three days left to pay or quit or or
leave something like that so it said a
lot of things but the main point of it
was you haven't paid your rent yet and
this was one for me and Dennis cuz you
know how I'm paying for Dennis's you
haven't paid your rent yet you have
three days to pay it or else you must
forfeit the premise like you have to
give up the house $600 fee and it goes
into like legal issue like like or it
goes into court like you can't take
yourself yeah they the only bad thing
about okay that's what I wasn't tell you
the bad thing about this it gave us
three days we didn't open it until the
third day because we thought it was just
another like five so so you might say
okay today's the third day so yeah
today's the third day so we could still
pay right well today's Sunday all the
banks are closed and the leasing offices
are closed I have checked so you could
say I could just write a check I can't I
said there has to be a cashier's check
if it's late yeah
so I can't I have to get the check from
the bank the banks are closed and even
if I went in one that was open the the
leasing office is closed last night when
we saw the letter me and Dennis we left
a void
right away obviously right away but we
didn't get a call back because it's
Sunday so nobody's in the office so
right now I don't know what's gonna
happen
we left the voicemail but today's the
third day and nobody's in the office sit
here and we can't pay because I can't
get the cashier's check from the bank
and on it it literally said after the
three days if you pay the 600 and like
you have like it Mike automatically not
yours yeah like I must have even if you
pay them in a late fee
yeah says the 600 isn't a late fee
that's like how didn't you read all
these rules no I read it but it was on
the third day I swear was a second it
was midnight when we read it and I left
of Washington right away I guess what do
you do and receive it midnight yes sir
you received it three days ago okay
listen I'm not surprised I you did a big
event on time and stuff but I don't know
what to say we always always tell you do
your things you know one time this is
not a joke no you left in your own to
have some responsibility I'm sure your
water bill a couple weeks from Leonard
that was that serious it looked exactly
like any other like BS opening I'm not
playing
okay but I'm not kidding I know but
right now you're yelling I mean what is
that gonna do I'm telling you what's
happening you young I mean yeah I know I
get mad I want I know could be more and
you know me mom if I saw like I have
money in the bank I'll go and get the
bank is closed I can't I can't do
anything because you waited - yeah
you're right that's why it's my fault
and I called and left a voicemail I'm
expecting a call back but today there's
no one in the office I don't know rules
you understand
also you're gonna be kicked out of your
oh yeah they're saying tomorrow a
smiling I didn't matter but when you get
sick you when you get kicked out I think
you have another house my mom's happy
because I don't want you to come back no
really I wish you were well listen let
me ask you because you what you laughing
that's what I'm saying I'm happy why
because he's coming back he might we
don't know am I gonna go to court
they're happy okay so let me say this
yet so the reason we stayed at the house
earlier today because we expected
somebody to come and kick us out this is
I know that's what I'm saying mom and so
tomorrow when they get the voicemail
obviously it's past the third day so
technically it's lay and we have to
leave and get kicked out but I'm gonna
talk to them I'm just gonna be like it's
a hundred percent my fault
I should have paid half the money a half
the country I'm gonna tell them I'm
gonna say here it is it was my first
month ever moving out I'm taking care of
two homes I'll pay a late fee I'm gonna
tell them I'll pay whatever in late fee
you ask
just please don't kick me out and please
don't let it affect my credit I'm gonna
try that of course I'm not just gonna
tell them all hey or kicking me out I'm
out
I have to try and when I tell them we
left a voicemail here he did but
everything that is said on the letter
looked a hundred percent series so if if
it happens and I can't pay and I get
kicked out am I welcome to come back
here you know you're always welcome but
I hate that you're gonna come back this
way okay now see you said you and Dennis
yeah morning
the was gonna happen to them now that's
well he's thinking he's gonna go back to
Arizona
all these that's what he's come over
here it's your fault I'm sure it's your
fault I he's getting kicked up yeah I
still keep thinking about why why mom I
leo okay you keep hitting me in front of
there
not hitting you but I just wanted you to
be more more trust me sitting you know
like I know I should have okay but I'm
saying in my first month ever living
alone like I made a mistake
not everybody's perfect but now you
yelling at me are you lecturing me
there's not really anything that that's
gonna do
so can you yell at me later when we
figure this out I'm a young man and I'm
sad for you for now I have something a
little more serious like where am I
gonna stay if I end up getting kicked
out are they gonna let me stay there if
I pay a late fee that's what I'm trying
to like alright mom huh my mom would pay
my late fee just to get me back in the
house surely miss him yeah and I think
this is a sign for him to come back
yeah like to come back mom if I get
kicked out of course I would love to
come back I would rather view this
family they want to charge you seriously
no you're on your own now there's things
in life you need to take it seriously
I know you know bills bills always you
have to be on the top of your bills you
know all the credit card ran you know
car payment your car insurance all these
things you need to be on the top of this
by the bank a cure you know yeah he says
we have to go to court to get all of our
possessions this way Cinci way tomorrow
yeah because today they're closed I'm
sure maybe they give you yeah because
it's on the third day fall on Sunday and
oh yeah that's what I'm saying I'm gonna
tell them guys I have the money here's
the cash good yeah I'm gonna go first
thing tomorrow morning still the fee I'm
pretty much it's gonna tell them the
third day fell on a Sunday and you guys
were close so I don't know what I'm
supposed to do and then like I'll pay
the late fee and we'll see what they say
yeah I'm gonna go first thing tomorrow
morning oh wait no tomorrow morning I
have to go play bass
Hey okay so this is what kill me mom I
have basketball game okay go tomorrow I
am I'm a basketball player first and a
man second well why bother they're gonna
kick me out of my apartment but anyway
balls no guys so we got to figure out
what we're gonna do fresh air tomorrow
I'm shot mom trust me but I saw the
letter who knows you might be getting
videos of me getting kicked out and then
moving back in here or you might be
getting videos of me being allowed to
stay but I have to face some sort of
punishment I don't know but either way
whatever happens I'll update you guys I
just want to let my parents know but I
was hoping that this is how I know you
didn't see the video when I came home
right when I walked in my dad's like oh
let's go play basketball so in my head
I'm like okay 100% it is in the video
yeah no you thought if we liked that
video we would wait till you come the
palm of the Beggs then yeah so guys
there's my I guess my parents reaction I
tweeted earlier I was like okay so I'm
about to tell my parents what happened
should I record it for you guys or don't
and of course all you guys have recorded
recorded recording so there's my parents
reaction I'll update you guys tomorrow
on exactly what's gonna happen who knows
I'm just gonna go talk to them probably
me and Dennis will go together other
than that tonight I'm gonna go stay at
my apartment who knows there's some what
batches open the door in the middle of
the night starts pulling all my me and
Dennis already made a plan if someone
tries to come knock on the door I'm
gonna push the door Dennis he's gonna
put his back on the door yeah I'm gonna
have to try to force
it's a big lesson tonight why do you go
push your gosh
don't ya I stack my table Dennis's but
oh my god
I hope you enjoyed this video mom dad I
want I still want you to be more more
responsible mom I'm upset with myself
but do you know that happened is good
they're happy you learn a lesson and you
might come back home yeah and my credit
is probably yeah no I'm just joking us
until you unless you actually get kicked
out that nothing happens to your credit
so let's hope tomorrow when I go talk to
them because credit is like I used you
for all you young people that are
watching credit is a really really big
deal but anyways guys drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed drop a like
for me getting kicked out maybe drop
like for me saying I don't know jump a
like either way subscribe if you are new
mom and she wants me to come back though
her face lit up they might kick me out I
got mad and then I go why are you happy
I'm gonna come back here bu and
basketball every single day babe bye
guys wait a month me and Dennis can come
live here
Oh imagine me roommates in this house no
I'm just joking
I need to save my credit I'm gonna go
talk to I'm gonna beg them okay please
don't kick me out but I'll make another
video after we'll see what's gonna
happen yeah if I get come back to the
house it would want it would be me doing
it on my own terms not getting kicked
down going sent to course so but yeah
guys thank you so much for watching and
peace out
