oh my gosh we're about to get run over
right now now if we're gonna get run
over anyways guys we are about to bring
out the whole family in this vlog from
Brian to Sherman aka fuck boy to Jessica
just chanel there couldn't be more I
don't know who's here they just called
us and told us to meet up so this is
this is casually this is basketball
shorts late I walk in a little bit late
okay I'm not gonna live like an hour and
a half late because I accidentally fell
asleep I don't know how and no one said
anything everyone's cool saying what's
up but jess has to say something I'm
fashionably late Jenna she's taking
shots at our outfit just cuz you don't
look good in basketball shorts doesn't
mean I don't is this the first time in
the Awadh is family history we've gone
this long without pouring salt in
someone's drink do you wanna go to the
haunted house after this do you want
your food you want to go for a walk
or you want to go in the car you wanna
go in the garage I'm gonna put you in
the garage
no you're going in the garage no garage
2017 phone phone phone phone phone look
yeah
me and Jackie man we just got camera
that is hail bro put your same hey no no
harder light between me and Brian right
Brian even here put your watch chowder
Oh guys I have a question
not that we planned this or anything
when we were eating but who wants to go
to the haunted house downtown okay I'm
gonna ask you I'm gonna ask one more
time
I mean one time only who's down to in
the haunted house oh wow
it's October we're trying to get in the
what do you call which we're trying to
get in a spooky mood so we're about to
go to Brian how long is this house
that's two miles long the haunted trail
a mile up all about a lose some weight
right now one of the biggest haunted
houses in San Diego and they say it's
one of the scariest but when you live
with seeing this face every day nothing
skin imagine seeing this face and Bosley
every day nothing scares you anymore so
we are Dennis go jerk jerk jerk jerk
okay so guys we decided it's October
it's a weekend so we're trying to get in
the mood and we are about to go to the
haunted house keep my fault who did who
did
who's ready for the haunted house whoa
Brian are you gonna fire close though
let me they're gonna poop your pants
Brian he already did see you next to
Jackie wait why are you guys sitting in
the back why am I not sitting next to
Jackie who did this seating chart yeah
when you say oh my god Brian
hold on guys we gotta take care
something come okay guys Brian promised
me that he's gonna play a song that I
love I don't know what it is Brian
whenever you're ready let's play back
little difficulties bro I know this one
I fucking love this song right Brian go
do it sleep apart right now if you're
not my brother
started over every one of us on the
magico yeah whole crew but my side cause
when the bachelors back unplugged it we
need to find parking guys we finally
found parking literally in the middle of
nowhere Brian how long were we looking
for parking 30 minutes bro we've
literally been here for like 30 minutes
and we couldn't find any parking that's
a Saturday night in downtown San Diego
for you Brian how busy did it look my
god we're gonna be in the line for like
at least two hours where two hours for a
ten minute experience hey we don't all
run 10-minute miles by the jury I might
be 15 minutes honest that's worth it
everything around you looks scary right
now I swear Barcelona no you're not
you're from El Salvador we're getting
this spooky vibe right now we're walking
to the haunted house and like yeah and
like someone like pops up or whatever I
don't know people are just like playing
pranks on people because it's October
that wasn't even the haunted house was a
regular house and someone like popped up
at my point being once someone screamed
I fucking put on my aired blood Sophie
and I ran so fast and then I'm like oh
she all supposed to save my girlfriend
I'm literally all the way by the house
okay guys I guess that's the test if
something were to happen when and would
you say Jackie well okay but let's just
say that I would yes I would so fast I
didn't even care who was behind me or
anything okay guys so I have bad news
they do not let you film inside the
haunted house which is understandable
because they don't want everyone to see
what's going on before they go in me and
my brother
hold on II I'll just run me over go
ahead I can't record the haunted house
well I might as well get some more
footage run me over so if I'm not able
to get footage of that don't worry I'll
still get you guys some live footage
from before and after but we're gonna
right now
wait Wendy when did you start that's
very well posed in a song
he was featured in it's called ley haha
Brian how long was the way two and a
half hour two and a half hours yo two
and a half hour are you guys though we
could we could come meet with you guys
yeah bro yo shout-out to these guys a
the ways two and a half Wei Brian to
hear all the screams do you think that's
from the haunted house where from
finding outs at two and a half hour I
think we're about to meet right now and
decide if we're gonna wait this long or
if we are just going to dip I want to
wait Brian yo how long three hours three
hours you know well I haven't spent time
with family in a long time you guys are
watching a family guy growing up we
haven't spent time with family in a long
time I'm down to wait three hours Robyn
okay Jessica okay okay
okay Jess you'll see I'm down I'm down
Jessica remember when you used to be
best friends now we hate each other okay
guys so not only the line well I don't
know if you guys can see but it's like
all the way down to those trees and this
isn't even the entrance there's a whole
other line in there so three times as
big as this oh yeah I don't know we're
about to do it look he's dancing
me and Brian were jokingly saying to our
whole thing right here inside the walk
of shame guys I don't know we should
come back soon this sucks
Chanel what are we going to come back no
Brian no way Brian you're doing the bys
wrong we're Middle Eastern bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye jazz what's
up guys oh yeah sorry about the
weirdness we're weird
Dennis I feel so bad the whole way here
he's like yo I've never been to a
haunted house I can't wait I can't wait
and now what did you just say at least I
got one honking us experience yeah oh
can I get a thumbnail full of them oh
yeah don't say I was down to stay but I
felt bad those drop it on home come back
listen guys so we drove here downtown it
was a pretty far drive then it took us
over 30 minutes to find parking I don't
know guys
but we never say we wasted time it was
still fun we still got to spend time
with friends and family and the
girlfriend so what's still fun I just
wish we got to go to a haunted house go
go go skip skip skip to my Lou skip skip
skip to my Lou Brian's crazy so you know
the house I was talking about earlier
where like someone popped up and yelled
Brian wants to take a thumbnail in front
of the house so he's making me Jack and
him standing from the house I'm so
scared by it
all the windows were open and the guy
likes Bosley so you don't threaten other
dogs with garage only your own dog but
yeah so we're about to go stand in front
of the same house where something creepy
happened so if you guys never see me
again just know this was my last clip
wait guys these houses look scary I
swear and look there's barely any lies
Brian this is creepy we're in our own
haunted house we didn't get to go in the
haunted house but we made our own this
is a haunted house guys there's the
house Brian are you sure you want to do
this for your thumbnail come on we could
do a different thing
what shadow that's scary okay guys so I
honestly can't believe okay I don't even
know how I'm supposed to like feel about
this or I don't know okay guys so we
freakin come back from the haunted house
and you know pretty much like every week
since we moved into this house we get
random papers ponder our door sometimes
it's like it is man about just like
little things going on in the community
just like invitations to stuff or just
like raffles and all these random stuff
that we get us out under the door so
then a couple of days ago we got another
one and this one I didn't even open
because we've gotten so many of them
that is just like random stuff we just
throw them away
this one we come back babe what did you
tell me wait have you read this listen
guys Jackie opened the letter that me
and Dennis just thought it was like
another just like a carpet cleaning team
or like another raffle or something in
the community you won't believe what
this says hold on you I'm gonna read it
I still haven't read it to them I just
read it to myself all I read was the
first sentence and I'm like in bold
letters at the top three day notice to
pay rent or a quick okay okay before I
read what the rest of it says let me
just tell you that me and Dennis a
couple days ago were like bro how come
no one told us how to pay rent because
when we pay online
that doesn't solve the second month the
first month you're supposed to be in a
different way and we never got a call or
anything for how to pay so we were just
thinking to ourselves like bro it's
October 7th the rent was due at the
beginning a month
how the hell like no one told us how
they are so Mike you Brandon pays for
Dennis's so yeah like my um Dennis's
thing is under me like I got in the
apartment so also his paper too so me
and Dennis both got the same letter this
is the same thing for me and Dennis
three day notice to pay rent or quit I
guess when this was sent three days ago
today was the third day okay
- Brandon the waters within three days
after the service on you of this notice
mind you this was three days ago you are
required to pay the rent for the
premises I'm adding to the total of
balla balla total
or quit and deliver the possession of
the home within three days of service of
this notice today is the third day we
got this letter three days ago we never
opened it because we thought it was just
like another one of the Queen three days
of the service Woolsey you and then
hahahaha
you are further notified that if you
fail to perform or compile the terms of
this notice the owner here by Alexa
declare the forfeit of your agreement of
which you occupy the premises and $600
fee and $600 fee negative credit report
brawl listen let me listen God so pretty
much three days ago we got this letter
and it pretty much says you have three
days to pay rent or else you're like
you're gone you no longer own the
premise well if we leave a voicemail
right now so we say we call the five
o'clock it's midnight wait
of course today is the third day of
course and all the banks are closed it's
a weekend it's a Saturday night and it's
almost midnight there are no banks open
right now and we have to pay in form of
a check we can't just pull cash out of
the ATM we have to go on that boy's head
cashiers jack has shushing that's not
saying we have to go inside of the bank
and get it no banks are open and today
was the last day Jackie did open this
until we got back from the Honda oh we
should have realized there's an app oh
yeah it looked the same as the other it
just looked like any other letter that
we've been getting all the time carpet
cleaning yeah free carpet cleaning we're
like free raffle downstairs just think
about the community this look the same
exact thing where the only thing we can
do is call but the thing is it says that
if you don't pay within three days of
this letter this was the third day so
the three days I passed that this is no
more like wait I think they can like
lock our doors we can get our stuff like
court
listen oh why couldn't we have read this
a second day or the third day had to be
on the third day there's literally
nothing
tomorrow we have to call 100% we have to
call it we're gonna hold on tomorrow
Sunday the office is closed we have to
call we have to call 100% but what if
they show up tomorrow they said look one
with that someone eat your if you fail
to perform or otherwise comply with the
terms of this notice the owner does
hereby elect to declare the forfeit of
your of your premise and will institute
legal proceedings to recover the
possession but we have to give it up
yeah but we can't get our stuff file
possible $600 in accordance of
California code yeah but you're gonna
courts it's of your pain i'm not we're
not going to Kupa I know but if they
take it then our stuff stuck here you
don't get yourself wait why'd you have
to go to poor for your belongings after
I bought the two homes they told me we
will give you a call and let you know
how you pay the first month because
online how you pay is every other month
so the first month was different and
they never gave me a call they never
told me how to do it so me and Dennis
were talking just a couple of days ago
we're like whoa like when are they gonna
tell us how to do it when are they gonna
call us and they never did instead they
send us a three day notice which we
didn't open until three days later and
it's for both rooms there's one in
Dennis's room too and that was under my
name so tomorrow like I guess I'll
update you guys tomorrow we have to call
I'm like I'm gonna try to look at the
office but I'm pretty sure it's a claw
so I don't know we have to call hope
with someone answered if we have to
leave a voicemail no one answers cuz
it's a Sunday we're screwed someone's
gonna come to the door a hundred percent
we have to have shown here and in my
apartment
well that's so dumb they probably think
that like I pulled like a huge scam and
I got to apartment two that I don't have
any money to pay and that I just did it
for like fathers or sure like we're
trying to usual yeah they probably
thought we were trying to like scam them
that's so annoying this guy's this okay
I think I'm gonna end the video right
here because I don't know what more to
say there is knowledge it's not we're
gonna find a solution on camera we don't
know what to do we're gonna have to
update you guys too
I wish this video was titled three days
left or we get kicked out I wish we read
the letter three days ago when it first
came but I swear to it look just like
any of the other Flyers that they pass
out it's brought they should have put a
read if we can step on it saying
eviction notice
definitely let you guys know what we're
gonna end up doing this is obviously
like 99% my fault I should like I should
have paid but at the same time when I
moved in here they told me that they're
gonna give me a call they were gonna let
me know how to pay the first month like
so I'm gonna just give them a call and
be like yo you guys were supposed to
call me you guys called everybody else
but you didn't give me a call so well
we'll see what's gonna happen anyways
it's actually crazy uh hey mom dad my
first month moving out alone and I
freaking get a notice of maybe being
kicked out I don't know guys I hope you
guys enjoyed this video
previous to this part let me know what
you guys think let me know what you
think is gonna happen I have no idea
what to expect honestly I've never been
in this position before and I shouldn't
have been in this position but I'm an
idiot I'm out Jackie O our life is like
we're so wrong like something's happen
and I'm like yo only to Brandon only win
why couldn't they just call like they
promised me and tell me hey you gotta
write a check it out well the bank I'm
on a check had your Jackie than every
distance tomorrow when you see people at
her door yeah thank you for reading I
don't know if only we why couldn't we
read it earlier today I would rush to
the bank and got the checks but now
we're freakin screwed it's almost
midnight
guys I'll update you in the next video
for sure
