so I was at my mom and dad's home I was
spending time with them chillin with my
parents and Brian was there too then I
decided it's time to go back home Jackie
got off work Dennis got off work so I
was gonna go see my second family Dennis
and Jackie and so as I'm leaving I'm
literally halfway home and I get a call
from Brian and Brian goes Brandon where
are you I thought you were here and I
was like yeah I was there for a while
but I had to go back home and you know
start my video itself and he goes well
I'm about to play basketball so I was
gonna see if you were down and when I
say I don't think anyone's busted a
faster you turn that I have in my life I
think I broke my stream I don't think it
works anymore
I turned my car around so fast I said
what you say Brian and he was like
Brandon I'm about to play basketball so
I wanted you to play and I said say no
more Brian so now look at them warming
up the enemies so I turned back around
and drove back home so we could play
basketball oh my dad just made that off
class but you know it's getting serious
when mama rug has to move her car
Bosley you want to play some basketball
with us here
no okay Brian I don't get too many like
wrong sense with the snow because it's
so big so is this a challenge I smell I
believe it is we don't miss too many
cents with our nose real quickly just
watch this okay go oh shit
I'm a little scared I said Brian you
really think I'm gonna turn down
basketball and keep driving home ah
that's more like it
mom how rude you literally get him
courtside seats a big scene not even a
chair he has a whole bench and he walks
inside introducing at five-foot 292
pounds mom is that good enough for five
weighing in at 92 pounds the camerawoman
mama rogue okay guys so as I mentioned a
million times already but I love
repeating myself so I'll say it again I
was about to drive home I get a call I
never ever turn down a basketball
challenge so here I am back at the house
me versus my brother worse my dad there
are no teams we're going
verse 1 verse 1 we are going to be
playing 21 I'm sure a lot of you guys
know this game it's a very very popular
basketball game but there's a lot of
different ways to play I've been to
different states and different cities
and played with a bunch of random people
and you'll hear the rules and be like
what like there's so many different to
tell you guys how we play it so we can
get the video started we are going to be
playing all Jews dad okay keep going
they're probably saying okay how could
we do this tonight easy random loose
such an easy game oh yeah I'm good at 21
yeah bro he's right Bryan's get out to
me one but let me just warn you guys the
Phoenix Suns preseason started so I
watched the first game Devin Booker
dropped almost 20 points TJ were not
over 20 points Josh Jackson off the
bench
14 points couple rebounds couple blocks
couple of steals so I already have that
in my head well I don't know if it's a
good thing to watch the suns play before
playing basketball a couple of years ago
would be but I don't know anyways God
the way we we played 21 it's going to be
all two pointers so whether it's a layup
or if you're shooting it all the way
from a different country it still counts
as two points but after you make a shot
you get to shoot obviously well free
throws but we shoot three-pointers
because we're extra the whole family's
extra so here are going to be the free
throws or the three-pointers and these
count has one point so let's say for
example branding you make a layup then
that's for them and then I get to shoot
from here and these are one point he
said I don't need your feet okay okay
and yeah first one to 21 points wins
that's it simple as that and you guys
don't talk about Brian's nah he chose to
wear those where I love playing slippery
it's either okay Kylie for luck but like
she's gonna slow you down cuz she's
praying oh yeah they're bad luck I need
to get the updated piece I still love
her dad you want to shoot football fuck
okay guys so zero two zero two zero
Ryan starts with the ball and first up
to 21 points win I'll be dependent book
you can guard the rip DeAndre Jordan on
your right
O'Brien could shoot you but I don't
trust him okay to zero Riley hey wait
Ryan the shoe oh yeah yeah no I don't
know why I explained the rules of they
don't listen you wonder why I'm a sore
throat 2 to 0
Oh Oh
if you guys haven't met my dad's best
friend his name is glass all right four
two four two two come on
I'll say something without the camera
you guys do much much better
I seriously yes whoa let's see for two
it's so really close
so that counts has one point
six-six-six
I felt splash of water that's so wet
your break I mean a few minutes you have
to cover the guy that's the Volta Brian
you're really gonna give me a shot easy
Oh dramatic eight 8/2 come on dad Oh 92
9 8
Oh
mid-range okay enter for the okay well
seven we're getting closer to 21 dish 13
for frying we make throws and you take
it out 1512 707 thing I told you I'm 21
17:49 the most important part I was
gonna say do it for Rugrats oh he did
hey if he make those two so right now
Brian has 20 if he misses this shot he
goes down to 13 and you're gonna have to
find someone to record but if Brian
makes it he wins it's over
so mommy's for your trusted ease of
course always like Brian kicking a field
goal and I'm the coach and I call
timeout I'm so stupid
oh wait oh my gosh my cabinets all right
now you gotta make your you know that
1719 1515 my god I can't believe it
my dad is coming back don't choke that
one miss and it's coming back to me oh
so this is it
wait for my dad like I said a lot of
people play this differently some people
would give them another free throw bowl
is how we play we grew up playing this
way my dad swears this me way don't look
here right no I'm I'm gonna say MIT you
get high all same in and low so don't
get past and remember we're playing all
twos so if I make the shot
yeah
20 20 19
I have 22 and the winner is huh but I
put my blood sweat and tears for these
people right here no but okay super
competitive game shout out to my brother
and my dad
we've all had so many chances to weigh
it well when I have so many for everyone
who thinks it defines anything it does
it
my dad competes with me and Brian yeah
ladies chill your sweat use and I'm
gonna go play basketball with Chris no
yeah we're going doesn't sweat I mean
you don't sweat like you play and really
sweat yeah okay guys go get ready go
where my basketball shoes but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video
I was victorious but it was not easy
shout-out to you guys drop a like if you
enjoyed subscribe if you are new and we
are dead now it is these guys guys I'm
literally so dumped I look my car's open
I was about to get in my car and take my
dad's ball I don't know why I just
forgot to leave in the room I just want
to quick shout out to my dad again he
played that whole game with us dead
tired and dad how old are you
forty eight years old and he kept up
with us a whole entire game I hope I
could play like that when I'm 48 that's
a something I look up to about my dad so
dad you played really really good but
I'm sorry your boy had to take the W so
I'm now it's time to go play some more
basketball at the gym
