yoga so there's actually really really
weird right now but it's 8 p.m. right
now today he told me he didn't want to
play basketball he didn't feel like
coming out of his room Dennis how have
you know how have I not seen you at this
time what I do know is you'll be my
brother for life I hope you do come back
I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you
thank you for all the memories thank you
for everything you've done for me and
for Brandon's family and Brandon to
himself I honestly could not thank you
enough for all the help that you've
given us we really really missed you
here and I just want to say thank you so
much for everything
Dennis anything I need you were here for
me thank you really for all the lt1
Dennis to come back I'm not gonna stand
in line I am bummed out honestly Dennis
what you have done for me is much bigger
than anything that I've done for you I
can honestly truly say that like forget
the word friend forget the word best
friend I don't want to hear any of that
you were literally my brother I'm going
to miss you so much Dennis it's you know
what's up guys I missed you I haven't
been in the vlog so long and I see you
guys Jay what are you doing in Chicago
bro well it's so cold out here what are
you doing here kitty San Diego I waste
it when you call me this morning I'll
think you're kidding I'm still in shock
roll I can't believe it I can't believe
either but I missed you guys bro Missy -
how was it it was good bro it's all my
family which was good but I had to come
my second family
I'm over here so happy like I'm gonna
bout to go see Brandon and like I'm like
I'm like ol Brandon's gonna get so
excited imaginal managed sees me how sad
he's gonna be he's Mike oh my god this
guy's back sorry Brandon but I'm back
bro okay as most of you guys know I was
in Chicago I'll explain everything about
that and why I'm back later in the video
but right now I'm back
only Jay who I came because he picked
you up from the airport so shout out to
Jay he's over there playing with my
stuff somewhere I thought you said if I
pick you up I can have these shoes oh my
god I shouldn't bring your stuff okay
but in Brandon's along here so right now
about the go in Brandon's room and yes
I'm wearing my basketball clothes
because I know where he'll is I'm going
to play basketball so right now just
close friends Brandon Wow
Brandon if you put that I'm gonna treat
you
act like it's you
and to the for how long no you're not
wait wait goody do it bro nicely
I miss you sub-sect that dance is real I
thought we dance move to Chicago it was
like how do I know
Dorling crazy ain't pick me up to make
it work to that what yo I can't believe
that is back right now and you're
struggling okay but right now all I know
is that like I do when you found out
what do fuck did you not tell anyone
know if you found out this morning
Oh Dennis Dennis lives a double life if
you're loosing a camera Mina
did you miss the clout oh that what you
came back because your Instagram slow
down follow me magic we're matching the
whole time
okay well what is always coming in with
my shirt at this point bro all I know is
that I know you did get a haircut while
you're in Chicago I think I just came in
for the hair wait dance be real right
now hundred pounds are you saying for
better you're just visiting
no you're not you were probably getting
smarter she's got going now that you're
back with me Scott was answering
questions had nice grammar I knew you
there's no way you can leave me Jake
I'll leave there's no way you can leave
the family okay break it okay you wanna
go play basketball now in a while I do
it's time for a Ledge a basketball so
you're not gonna leave
basketball after lift that's not / 5j
gonna be up the kid you know do everyone
else reaction no okay - all Mel's
reaction if your Oh Mel
uh-oh
do you remember how to get in my car
let's see it go go go don't hit your
head stop I'm embarrassed slide to the
left side to the right are you real did
you miss sitting in my car listening to
music and shit dance with my dog in the
night-time row who woulda thought the
first place we would be going to when
your bag would be the best me I think
that's why you move you know people are
so dumb they said for once you're so
dumb Dennis didn't move with your home
sing he move could you force him to play
bass ball can you tell that you actually
like playing basketball and you just
joke about not liking it quick question
and there's gonna be consequences for
this too so you better answer it good
why when he said my bro my bro I pointed
at you but you didn't point that much
for an answer to the camera
I don't sure they know I'm talking like
this
also happy bye guys there's one lesson
there's one okay your buddy over and
over in the mirror okay
waiting Amir why'd you step in front of
the car you freaking oh my gosh he acts
like he misses Dennis just wants more
cameras No shut up shut up
we're shut up Andy shut up where where
if you lie Dennis I'm sending you back
to Chicago
oh oh oh my god why that's not even your
fault why did this car park so deep in
you guys think quick bait is when
someone misleads a title no click babies
when a car freakin parks all the way in
and freakin tell them we're here for
Smith like Dennis you come back just to
force people to do bad things because I
don't understand I got a new life too
oh yeah this is not a parking spot
Dennis okay if I gotta tell you what
happens then you got to less than me
wayde's give me my faults on the anthems
no it's it's my fault because I
ultimately made the decision to park
here but it's like you Dennis yeah wait
don't Park here I have to go play bass I
know sissy so now I have it on video I
said don't do like you come you haven't
been here for an hour and you're forcing
me to do stuff hey Romel look who's back
Oh what do you got to say about Dennis
coming back it's good that he's back I
like its presence or not
with the dime
oh yeah
oh the sub
what's problem Dennis
in there
another one
the game cuz ID 116 a roll you finally
won one and you want to talk his mission
is he's missing this shape he's missing
bishop you mean rated R you mean rated R
Jenny six and a half hours later good
night bro
and I'm business only we say goodnight
from across the frickin hall what do you
mean how you're gonna sleep over no one
you said when you know you said you're
gonna okay how about this we played a
lot of baseball together let's just our
together save water come on hey that's
not fair
I pay the water bill for both homes so
isn't it fair that we could shower
together yes all right good night both
peace
do you miss this cameras off cameras off
like it just you think it's like a joke
you can leave and come back whenever you
want like life is a game you think life
is a video I just want to see you I know
but then it's like life is real you
can't just leave and come back whenever
you want maybe people don't want you
here like me
I just makes no sense why you think you
could like Oh bro I can't believe you're
back without you Dennis I was hella
stressed and like I don't know bro I
missed you I didn't know what to do with
my life before like when you weren't
here
those when he was sitting like five
minutes I mean two seconds ago all right
cameras off
no I'm serious that's bogus you think
you just play with everyone's emotions
and come back like it's a joke like some
sort of sick joke you think it's funny
everybody I saw where's Dennis where
Dennis had to fucking tell the story
five million times he's home
say he's home sick your apartment yes
you oh well let me put my fake like I
missed your face on I recorded that what
record you say that what happened you
know what there's only one way to prove
if you're actually back or not there's
one way to prove if you're actually back
or if this is not really Dennis when it
starts which is never
girl from the south side got braids in
her hair first time I seen a walk-by
damn it up on my chair you gotta give
her to me like six weeks let me or go
way back like Cadillacs each body like
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today's video
Dennis is actually let's make sure this
is cams rage so now that we know Dennis
is officially back I'm extremely happy
all my friends are extremely happy you
saw the reaction that everybody have to
Jim except for Momo
anyway video drop a big fat freakin drop
a huge like huge it's coming back and
hey Dennis
can you tell them what I'm trying to hit
1 million on can you show them where to
follow me yeah hey I said in yesterday's
video that's all I want for my birthday
my birthday birthday 1 million Instagram
followers
so guys my birthday's coming up in a
couple months I'm so close to hitting
one mil on Instagram can I show what you
do please okay so you click the
Instagram like this but for me
automatically Broadus comes up uh-huh
because I've been checking for him to
hit 1 million so if you guys hit the
follow button he will hit 1 million
that's Brandon okay that's all I want
for my birthday hit 1 million cells on
its game and 3 million YouTube suppose I
say 1 million cells I mean 1 million
Instagram followers and 3 million
YouTube subscribers anyway
thank you guys so much for watching the
video I love you guys all I'm so glad
dennis is back and I'm out peace good Oh
put these before that part by the way
that was a joke he wasn't really saying
all that I think what oh that's what I
do
bye guys never ever find the right words
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
