yeah what's going on guys two seconds of
starting this video security hey what's
going on guys Bob Barnes here
mama you talk about this year I mean
Jackie white is here and today we're
gonna do a prank on Brandon it's real
quick we have to hurry up and do it
because as you can see his cars behind
us and he went to the mall with Brian
and I don't know how long we have but
we're basically gonna grab his car in
the long run foil those Devils Brandon
I'm sorry I'm I wasn't in it they make
me go you know how many pranks I cried
to like 64 yeah I think he did sort of
thing we all decided it was a family
vote and Vaughan was afraid we actually
saw that Jake Paul's friend did it and
so we were like you know what that's
perfect timing because he left his car
and we have all this so why not do it
because I shall we hold it before wait
is he gonna cry because I cried a lot to
this ring so I think Brendan he doesn't
cry he's gonna get a shock the only time
he cries is when the sons lose remember
they just cry breaking his room so we're
gonna rub Brandon's car with this color
SD rap
then he could actually drive it you know
boss Lee's watching usually what I do
but now I have talked to water Ron it
looks good at the front look you guys
this is the back progress so far
wrapping it so hard at the bottom look
new paint job Don by Papa Road
I want my car colored next pink please
guys so we decided to when we finished
wrapping it up we're gonna cut the
handles of the door so when he comes he
could actually try and get in look we're
all working hard sweating about to die
and here's Bosley sitting you think it's
a free show you think it's a free show
I'm gonna help I know he's like I want
new owners huh you guys I like my mom
because she makes me feel like I'm so
cute I think you're flirting with me now
look so cool seriously Ron you should be
working on robbing cars or doing
something ron is so creative that much
you like to hurt evil thank you and
let's see what the little evil is doing
Brown oh yeah you guys don't worry we
have one more thing oh now Ron is mad
because we did Papa Rock is mad because
we didn't do a good job am i lucky to be
married to popper I agree hundred
percent
I swear seriously like he would say
let's do this and then he would be
playing and twelve basketballs life
that's where I read on Instagram okay
oh you know which car is this Back to
the Future Wow Wow
well this is like something
it is you guys I know told me to go get
the scissors this is her sister's this
is her so we could cut the doors but I
saw this so I was like I need a snack oh
my I told you and I know you like this
look at Papa rocks gonna see us just
standing here okay let me see where hey
where you think if someone did this to
my car I would
I know you don't bran you've been evil
long as you give the life out of it huh
but remember Brandon never prank you oh
yeah don't you feel bad Brian deserves
that what do you think when Brandon
comes gonna get mad no look I'm waiting
for him to pee doboj we go see for him
to pee doboj we go he will be mad Jackie
don't worry did you pee on the pass
did he pee
that are all done and we're waiting for
Brandon excited for what really nice
wait Ron we gotta cut the door and all
so that he could okay I'll do it all
I'll figure it out thank you so much for
your help you were literally the best
person for this okay guys how do you
think it looks I think it looks really
good I'm liking this like I think he
should go chrome yeah you guys yeah
we're cutting the light look we already
cut the BMW is this like legit huh we
got mama rug on she be on it look and we
cover that who's gonna catch you outside
look you guys feel
are you eating beef jerky are you eating
beef jerky
are you eating beef jerky so legit wow
that looks so good is this your new car
did you win it on family feud yeah you
got a model like Molly ah looks good yes
I'm just tired and she's eating beef
jerky yeah final touches I think it
looks so good and as you guys can see
it's getting super dark so we went to go
get a studio light I think we should
take a selfie buy it
let's close them yeah you guys we open
them because we thought it looked better
but I think when he comes for his
reaction to be better if we close it
right wait no you go first you guys the
foil looks so dope with this lighting I
swear
yeah I swear the car actually looks
really good yeah oh no I'm scared
Ron come look it looks so good yeah this
thing you guys another great thing about
the studio lights it's like great
selfies No
can you see the car I know you thanks
you guys
alright yeah let's let's go inside six
and a half hours later wait you guys I
heard him it's very - lets go
yeah that's good you hold first cuz if
he if he yeah if you hurt someone he
hurts you what is that no I wasn't
how could we ever do that to you we how
could we how could we do this to Brian
just dropping off you had to go to Ikea
we got it professionally done by Papa
Roach look Jackie - no no no it wasn't
me look the three musketeers BMW sign
cutout uh you actually can open the
doors we we made it so that you could
open the door what am I gonna do drive
with the windshield cover oh yes Ron
thought about everything you say yeah
look we left the wheel tile you couldn't
turn the lights on wait the light look
the lights - wait I want to turn on the
lights you see how Lord
well uh how long did this take like two
hours you'll have been we thought yeah
we were sitting watching family feud and
then we're like you've done too many
things to us so we had to get you back
they said you left your car here and you
left so we decided why not so I'm not
allowed to go anywhere without getting
pranked is that well Brandon I've never
done anything - oh so now you the man
that worked the hardest on this is you
know why he's never done anything to
make show the best so you tricked us
wrong cuz I thought he did oh look god
it's all covered wait I want to get in
it doesn't really open yeah I swear look
I don't know yeah go I might leave the
wrap on when I go to the gym I show all
my friends you should you might crash
into their car but it's fine
wait we didn't get it some now put it
back no you gotta make it again it's all
good fun till the camera turns on no
idea you know you know II was doing
you look good model for us do the little
little blow the kids blow the kiss my
dad is my grandma okay look they tried
to tell me it wasn't them okay guys so I
guess I can't go to the mall without
drinking getting my car rat SD rap has
some competitions that you should apply
there anyways guys wait at the end of
the video
yeah you guys were ending it now we got
to unwrap the car I think it looks so
dope and it was actually really funny to
do this so Kenya I'm surprised you're
not mad Department you know yeah it was
funny
Jackie you probably thought oh he's
gonna get so mad at this painter is
probably so happy now it's killing her
so just wait this doesn't count this is
just for fun enjoy saying that because I
love know just for fun I'm serious
okay guys so um thank you so much for
watching this video I'm gonna get them
back don't worry it might be a different
don't worry
anyway guys drop a like if you enjoyed
drop a like from my mom and dad and
Jackie like for the car it looks good
now I have it in my head I want to get
my car actually wrapped all black yeah
other than that guys thank you so much
for watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new turn
post notifications on I never say that
but I learned from my dad haha he starts
singing in his video so uh yeah Oh Brock
I wish Bryan came down I know he'll do a
video he literally dropped me off at the
corner and he left in the biggest rush
because IPL is gonna close okay guys
peace love you old yo guys so next
morning now I finished editing the video
I'm ready I'm about to go to the gym if
you see but I just have one question
why was my mom literally begging Bosley
to peed on my car I'm editing this video
now it's all funny it's all cool and I
swear at least a million times Bosley go
pee I'm gonna go pee on the car why mom
why
