we just lost I was gonna kill someone
I'm not gonna lie I came and talked
didn't sleep this is the color of my
shirt this is all sweat look zip you saw
grow postmark oh I told myself this
morning I got a big game later tonight
so I'm not gonna play too hard today I'm
gonna play for fun you know play light I
ended up getting the most mad I've been
so now I'm Alex I got okay you want to
show us up maybe how you doing Dennis
doesn't it look so good he said before I
film you I want to show my hair look oh
my gosh imagine since Bosley hates men
he wants to kill me if I got him to show
you would choose a freakin shit anyways
guys as many of you know Bosley does not
like me I don't know what I've ever done
to him or I don't know what I do wrong
but Bosley's a hater he doesn't like me
so I think I need to get Bosley a little
gift a toy so that he could like me the
only problem is Bosley doesn't play with
toy
ooh but hey you think mozzie would play
on the toy I think he's too old guys
Bosley's four and a half years old but
in human years
that's like 32 or like 33 years old so
he's old now good meaning dog ears oh
yeah and uh in dog years he's like 32 or
33 but in human years he's only four so
he's a he's a kid but at the same time
this guy's old 33 years old so I don't
know how old he is
I love you so plays with toys or
anything but I got a game tonight
damn I buy Bosley one toy and you
already got other dogs trying to jump
into my car
slow your roll the toys for Bosley not
use Mohawk does he have a mohawk ooh
you're the morgue like oh he just got
cut by Paul I knew he looks familiar
knew Paul was busy yeah we just saw
about the shop is it recording now yeah
I didn't see Mike himself but I saw his
car and they could only be one person on
earth with that part it's mine oh we
don't know what story wait
only let me think Mike oh you would go
to woman dress bar no it's no but we
should have waited I want to see my he
went to the Marshalls you sure knew what
to Marshalls and I didn't see him at the
gym today would have been so cool to see
him oh and I would have told Mike all
about the basketball today cuz he wasn't
there
okay guys update if we find Mike I'll
let you know Mike I told you I told you
Mike
but I say what's up to follow Mike guys
I told you I saw the car and I told
Dennis I said stay away from me yeah
where were you today we played without
you get a reversible jerseys you think
anyone has a nice shoe game when going
to work look at my shoe game from work
Mike Jesse my collection so we saw Mike
at Marshall's and then like he left and
we came to doll G to check we came to
check something
who did we see what he wanted Mike again
again it was so crazy
guys oh my goodness I thought I got
Bosley something cool from Target look
at this well this isn't even for balls
it is for me look at these guys it's a
glove that you wear and you pet Bosley
because I think it's made only for
Bosley not other pets but you pet Bosley
and it takes their fur or what like it
says pet the hair away so you could
trick Basel you could act like you're
just petting him and giving him a
massage but in reality you're taking
everything he sheds so it works both
ways because Bosley shed so much it's
really whoa first of all there's three
things first
could you please yell 33 to look at this
as your camera to treat giver
Mook you need these yeah you put a cover
on the couch guys for those who don't
know Bosley sheds like crazy like his
hair is everywhere I could be in my home
and Bosley won't even be there and I'll
still find a way to have bosses here on
me he sheds like crazy a car seat belt
for dogs huh you want to get a bend it's
better than your air mattress at the
house it would be a cute dog then is
that position looks familiar but it's
not usually you a dentist for Christmas
shopping we need to come here for Bosley
a hundred percent after you clean it in
the show you it's like the Christmas
pine the world is your face when you
smell no don't okay it's bad I'm not
smelling good garage you mango peach
salsa this is good okay you don't want
to smell no I don't tell me fine fine
okay the kid with you dare me to do the
into my basketball game right here any
tampering this a brand-new basketball
okay okay let's go
what is going on you guys Brandon your
aka brought us in today I'm bringing you
guys a brand new basketball video in
case you guys didn't get a chance to
watch my basketball video from last week
no no I just have to talk louder from
last week my team actually ended up
winning in overtime sir so we are one
Wayne and
losses oh so yeah we already start the
season off good this is only our second
game for those who are new to this
channel my team did not make the
playoffs last season so we're trying to
get back on track and trying to make the
playoffs this summer a summer storm
Brandon guys I'm gonna picked up pick up
the Tuck when we get back to my house
okay guys my team is one way to zero
loss it's the team were playing today
also one there on the game so both of us
haven't lost a game yet whatever happens
tonight happens but one of the team is
going home with a loss tonight I'm
getting ready hoodie mellow look my
brother's hoodie hoodie bro bodies I'm
gonna do my best I'm gonna play my heart
out to help my team win the games and I
hope all my teammates already damn I
wonder who showed up in Gucci shoes
coach but wait
not just coach who'd you hire an
assistant coach
eggs on fishing glad you showed up shit
I almost got hit yeah great great
uniform too for a basketball game so
Brian's not playing today but he's here
for support I think that's going to help
us just as much so I'm always a good
luck charm oh right I want at least to
go babes from you today okay yeah at
least to me I got you
the games about to start but I just want
to say I'm so glad I came I haven't seen
binding
like a long time that's a long time to
each other
oh really Brian I'm taking one by myself
go bet though like that's how bad my
vision is hey one okay
don't let him shoot that
good pig good take brother
let's go babe
you guys I didn't eat today like all day
and all I had to eat was pot price i
brandon brought me so my mouth is on
fire trying to speak god bless you guys
because it's not by choice this is my
mouth
okay so we ended 38 to 25 going into the
second half
yeah people like always say like oh I
wish sake shut up whatever but there's
other girls that yell for their
boyfriends here way worse than I do and
like they'll stomp on the floor and like
weird things like that
let's go
23 left
what happened on this play was actually
really annoying and it made all of us
really mad so you guys saw how my
teammate hit the three and that was
supposed to make it a five point game
we looked at the scoreboard and the
score keeper only counted it as a two
pointer not a three and so we were
yelling at the score keeper yo-yo it was
a three not a two you gave us the wrong
score and he wasn't listening and then
while we're yelling and arguing with the
score keeper the other team hits up
three and I'm just like really the score
keeper cut us a point short so we're
trying to tell him that he made a
mistake and the ref inbounds the ball
and and the other team hits a three like
the score keeper we can it hurt us on
that play I swear
Oh
let's go babe
so does the one over there not count
I don't even know what to say honestly
I'm extremely disappointed in myself I
could have played way way better really
quick actually before I get into my team
hats off to the other team I have a lot
of friends that play on that team and
they balled out they played really
really good so hats off to them they
beat us they earned and they deserve
this wing and let me get this out the
way because I know a lot of comments are
gonna say how the referees were really
really bad and that we got hurt with a
lot of bad calls but let me just get
this out the way the game is not won or
lost because of the refs the game is won
or lost because of how we play and we
just played bad so I'm not alive there
were some bad calls I know it's on video
and I know you guys see it but at the
end of the day you can't blame the whole
game on that we just played bad I don't
know guys I feel like I could have
played better I think I ended with like
23 21 I don't know I don't know how many
points I have but I don't care because
we lost and just I gotta play better
myself
we started off really really slow we dug
ourselves too big of a hole so we lost
that's one way than one loss on the
season again like I said I don't know I
think I had to be 23 but at the end of
the day that doesn't matter if we lose
our games it doesn't matter it like how
many points anybody scores I'm just I'm
just upset I can't wait to play next
weekend yeah hats off to the other team
I hope you enjoyed watching this video
it was really good to see Brian really
good to see my dad I wish my mom came
but she was taking care of Bosley I hope
you guys enjoyed this video drop a like
if you did enjoy subscribe if you're new
I'm really really sorry
or I apologize if I'm very down or if
I'm upset in this outro I tried to be as
enthusiastic as I could but after a game
like that after I feel like I let my
team down and just after losing it's
hard for me to be enthusiastic I care so
much about basketball I have such a big
passion for the game that when we lose I
get pretty upset I'm not gonna lie so I
love you guys all trust me I really
really do other than that I'm out and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video
oh and let me say this this honestly
look I don't get pissed off easily but
this pisses me off
so there was a point in the game
where we hit a three my teammate Alvin
hits a three and the scorekeeper
only counted it has two points when it
was a three-pointer so then were yelling
at the score keeper saying yo it was a
three it was a three and while we're
talking to the score keeper the rest
inbounds the ball the white team passes
it in and they hit a three-pointer and
I'm just like yo we were freaking like
so first of all the score keeper messed
up he got only gave us two instead of
three and then while we're talking to
him the ref inbounds the ball like
you're not gonna tip I don't know and
then at that point like that just killed
his that hurt us I don't get why the
score keeper would only count two and we
were literally screaming saying yo three
it was a three and he wasn't changing it
but um like I said you can't blame the
game on little mistakes like that you
either win or you lose and you blame it
on yourselves the ref came up to me
after the game and he's like bro you
need to shoot the ball board and I was
like I like to pass the ball and he's
like well you were hitting your shot so
you got to shoot the ball more and I'm
just like yeah you just we should have
all played better all of us should have
played better
