what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Broadus and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new video
so today i'm here with my beautiful
girlfriend Jackie but my beautiful mom
and my beautiful cousin Jay show the cut
guys I took jr. to my barber look at
this he got the two lines he got the
fresh cut Jenny was looking rocked
before that so I'm glad we daughters but
anyways today the video that we are
going to bring you guys is actually an
idea that my dad gave me this morning he
told me the same toy car race that I did
with my brother Brian to do it again my
girlfriend today me and Jackie are gonna
be doing it in the little trail that we
have in the backyard will show you guys
go ahead and close to the edge of the
finish line they're gonna go directly to
the pool in my head I think Brandon is
gonna win because he's gonna drive I
will be driving the phase rug range over
he will be driving the Ferrari and the
way you win is we're gonna have the foam
pit set up like somewhere here or maybe
over there and the first person to yeah
the foam cranes the finish line so first
person to hit get to the folks at waving
up hey I got a do it wait you're on
Jackie wins god I lost against Brian but
this is my chance to redeem myself I
don't want to lose to toy car races so
without further ado hey guys so right
now we are gonna fill the finish line
how big should we make it all let's make
it be
the orange purple ones Hey NBA season
starts in two weeks and of course I'll
be there in Phoenix for the Phoenix Suns
season opener so catch with their Suns
fans and debug your purple hey man
Jackie need a warmup okay guys so we
will update you once we finish building
the finish line okay guys so while the
finish line is being built
we got the cards right here and then
let's show you guys the trail so we're
enemies today you can't ask me to hold
your hand until after the race okay guys
so so we're gonna start I'd say right
here and we're gonna go look babe I
gotta warn you because I know you're
gonna try to cheat we gotta go all the
way around because I know Jackie's gonna
try to take the shortcut but we're gonna
go all the way around which I'm not
gonna go right now cuz I'm 99% sure
there's a rattlesnake right there
anyways guys for those wondering why I
sound like this horse you weren't
wondering I'm still gonna tell you
because that's my job to speak to you
guys I'm sick like very big steak I felt
like throwing up earlier I have the
migraine I'm hoping I'm not coming down
with the flu hopefully just a cold or
just whatever a little sickness up my
dad but anyway no sympathy it's it's
race day we've been prepared babe I mean
Jackie what are you doing you're
supposed to be competitive so what do we
win oh yeah we should have a loser bed
winner gets five hours massage
cuz she knows I'm gonna win junior
remember when we used to play the Mario
Kart and there was a banana peels that
made a slip on the floor well we got our
own version of banana peels on the floor
because of freaking Bosley's so imagine
it's like Mario Kart it makes the car
slip when they go on in I know yeah now
it looks a little nicer huh okay guys so
we got the finish line gun I tried to
match it orange purple
purple orange purple but all the foam
pits are being used over there so we
just have to deal with a different color
powder your dad yeah guys we're gonna
start the race over there and we're
gonna come all the way around pretty
much the first person I just set the
bubble to go through the finish line
wins and me and Jackie are playing for 5
hours of massage this is so nice Oh
so after this going after another wall
no no no no no I'm joking so so
someone's gonna get a head start whoever
gets in this way all guys everybody was
making fun of me because when I get into
the car I open the door and when I get
out it close it looks like this what a
gentleman and then Dennis was laughing
cuz I got out he said why do you I said
sorry I'm human I open a closed door
Dennis when we go oh you're on teamwork
teamwork the project is complete oh my
we're terrible people look was all your
day we're gonna go all the way around
yeah guys there's no cutting in the
short cut right here there's a easy
shortcut no cutting okay no we don't
want him there to fart in the car okay
you guys sit and prepare for your
seatbelt on
okay whenever but you're the rent on
your marks get set go
wait hold on my sandals are too big easy
it see cheater
I know Kel she takes her shoes off if
she doesn't tell me it was good advice
okay enough stalking okay on your mark
get set
Bosley's pooping wait so we don't scare
Hey done I wish my poop sessions were
that sure he takes five seconds and he
doesn't have to wipe oh yeah are you
guys ready hopefully a cop doesn't watch
this I'm not wearing my seatbelt okay
Oh your mark get set go
Oh
Jackie okay oh my god Bob my heart what
happened oh my god you're okay
whoot oh my god why the pump it was this
close to the swimming pool why are you
laughing - oh my god are you okay I'm
sorry oh my god I swear my heartbeat and
why you laughing Dennis I swear you guys
have something to do so I wanted your
son to go and you're crazy
look out close to the pool oh ma you
guys didn't realize it because you were
going oh my god good thing I didn't wait
wait
yeah wait hold on so you tried to prank
me but I feel bad for Jackie you're okay
really I got so scared
I just fought his bitches sidled barely
cool pop open no Ranga stars Obama rules
when she was reading me about to wane
I'm like no joke no joke
I'm gonna beat you because on you
expecting wait oh my goodness all I saw
was the car first I saw the car that I
saw Jackie like somersault in and I'm
like wait how did she go so far I
thought the Pope it was all acquitted
yeah we might save it well I'll get the
towel Bosley did you see what happened
to Jackie yeah did you see that did you
see the car oh now Ron have to buy you
guys another car that's his fault yeah
no sorry a real one to make up for this
wait can I just say that in the intro I
was telling my dad I'm like wait dad I
don't we make the finish line over here
why do they have to be close to the pool
and what did you tell I don't even know
my dad answered but I was like okay
whatever let me not be complicated let's
just listen to my dad and it before the
rate League one sees to the race I gotta
buy right away I thought to do something
you know me oh yeah yeah I know we have
to be extra
my mom always I never leave him not even
a second by itself
okay now Jackie oh my god okay guys so I
guess that's gonna always why oh you the
massage yeah I lost it's all because
whoever missed the raw first was gonna
win the race so once I saw Jackie go
ahead on the wrong I'll look like damn
it I kept trying to catch it
those two doubles give high-fiving each
other okay anyways guys I lost the race
thankfully thankful to Louie Louie but
uh my dad's evil Dennis you were in on
this I hope Dennis finds a new place to
live Jackie's getting mad at me you know
I feel bad I got so scared when I saw
her going on there yeah you're gonna get
a bunch of screenshots voluble for two
so anyways dad my mom said you're gonna
buy me a new car so I'll take Laurie not
a toy when I don't need a tow no ya got
450 a a real one anyways that's gonna
close out today's video drop a like if
you like thank you so much for watching
today's video subscribe if you're new
other than that I didn't get praying
Jackie got pranked wait how dumb do we
feel we helped set up you dig your own
hole yeah we broke up yeah show them how
I'll break up is you guys dick a joke
and laugh about it any words Ron he's
evil yeah just two horns
damn no wonder Ferraris are so expensive
they can sustain damage like this
