so Brandon here aka robotics and today
I'm here with Jackie and today's video
that I'm bringing you guys or I should
say that we're bringing you guys is
something that I honestly this is so
hard
I honestly never thought I would be
telling you guys not only I never
thought I'd be be telling you guys but I
never thought I would even be saying it
myself pretty much what happened I'm
just gonna be straight up
me and Jackie are no longer going to be
dating
if something's happen just like any
other relationship I feel like just
because we have the camera in our face
the whole time and because we have a lot
of fan pages and a lot of fans as a
couple people tend to forget that we're
still a normal couple we're not some
type of YouTube couple who is together
because of a contract or we're together
only for YouTube no we were a normal
couple even before I started YouTube so
just like any other normal relationship
we go through problems and we're we're
normal people and just like normal
relationships some of them work out and
some of them fail and I'm bringing this
video to you guys today because I've
always been one to say that no matter
what happened with my life I never
really like to hide anything from you
guys because I see you guys as my family
this is so hard I'm telling you guys I
don't know what to say it's hard for me
to even look into the camera and be
saying this especially because this all
happened last night we decided that it
would be better to kind of I don't want
to say take a break because when people
say take a break that usually means
they're getting back together and that's
not really what me and Jackie are
planning on doing we're kind of just
planning on ending this we decided last
night or this morning that it would be
best to not really get into too much
detail over why or just pretty much keep
it short and simple things just weren't
working out like I said we're normal
people were a normal couple we have a
normal relationship so just like
everybody else we have our own problems
just because we make youtube videos does
it mean that we're a perfect couple and
things just kind of aren't working out
or weren't working out and we decided it
would be better to just cut this thing
off
if I had to say a few words I know this
probably doesn't mean too much to her
because she probably doesn't want to
hear anything at this point but I truly
want to say that a hundred percent
I thought Jackie was going to be the
girl that I was going to marry and I
told her all this last night I'm not
saying it to her for the first time on
camera that's that would be rude I told
her all they said more or less not but I
want to say for you guys
110% I thought Jack owes me to be the
girl that I married I was in love with
her I still do love her just because we
were not together I mean doesn't mean
the love goes away I still love her it
might be in a different way maybe not as
a girlfriend but the love that I have
for her while we were dating doesn't
disappear I tried to do my best to do
everything for her I know she tried our
best to do everything from me and we
were riding good for a really really
long time we were dating much before I
started YouTube and I just want to thank
her I thanked her last night but again I
want to say in front of you guys this
chick didn't sign up to be in front of a
camera
24/7 she didn't date me when I was a
youtuber she started dating me when I
was pushing carts and bagging groceries
at the grocery store and she was more of
a private person she never really liked
the camera or the spotlight it took her
months before she actually wanted to
even be in a video let alone be one of
the stars of my channel so I just want
to applaud her for kind of sacrificing
all of her beliefs and sacrificing
everything she didn't want to do to make
my life easier and to sacrifice for my
youtube channel because I know it's not
easy especially being a girl and seeing
all the hate comments so I want to thank
her for that and not that it means much
again you know we had a good run I'm
telling you I never ever ever felt loved
this way and I don't know if I ever will
feel loved this way the things that I
did for Jackie were things that I never
would think I'll be doing for anybody
other than my whole mom the things I
sacrifice for Jackie are things that if
you guys have never been in a
relationship you would look at it and be
like I would never do that for somebody
but when you find love you find love it
I did a lot for Jackie things
unfortunately John Cena workout
I know she did a lot for me if anything
Jackie has done much more for me than I
ever did for her it's really hard for me
to keep talking right now I just wanted
to say that I don't regret one single
second of any part of our relationship
even the little arguments even the bad
times
I don't regret those at all everything
was a learning experience and I wish
this wasn't just an experience from you
I wish it led all the way to marriage
and kids and a family but like I said
things happen just like with other
couples unfortunately it happened to us
I talked to my mom I'm almost really
upset I know my mom loves Jackie like
her own daughter I love Jackie and I
told her even though we're not dating
anymore 100% I'll still be there for her
no matter what she means I might be
there for her in a different way but I'm
still gonna be there and I know that
she'll still be there for me if you want
to you can say something to the camera
if not like I don't want to give a
reason why and I think we just came to
an agreement together I never thought I
would make a video like this in front of
you and felt like us gave so much help
to this relationship and I feel like not
only does this hurt us but I think it's
gonna hurt you guys so that makes me sad
honestly it's hard to speak like know
what to say right now and I honestly
think that I just need to tell them the
truth I can't do this like I don't want
to do this right now and I think that
it's fair just to tell them the truth
what do you mean tell them the truth
I can't find anything to be camera and
look at them and tell them a lie it's
not a lie we decided that we're gonna
break up and so that's what we're saying
no no no just say that what do you mean
you don't get to just like do things and
then pretend nothing happens I'm not
pretending nothing haven't I told them
we're breaking up that's what happen ok
and tell them why because we decided it
would be no tell them to read someone
I'm breaking up if you don't tell them
I'm solo for what I thought we decided
it would be better to change then you
don't have to say that roll the camera
just don't say it no I'm not doing that
I'm not doing it
you deserve to tell them why you could
tell them if you want to put me in that
spot after everything I've done for you
then you can tell them what do you mean
for you that's life with yourself then
that's why ok
well what we're breaking up because I
went to Brandon's phone last night why
would you even go through my phone that
please show us I want to Brandon's phone
last night and I saw him messing with
other girls he was talking to another
girl I saw some pictures some text
messages that's why I'm leaving because
you're leaving me
because that's why ever began so that's
why you said we're gonna saying you know
I don't get now you act like I'm not
gonna be the one editing this video I
could take that part out you're lucky
I'm a man so I'll leave it in to tell
people the real reason we broke up you
just told them I don't want to repeat it
up god I made it not matter you know I
never set off mad on you I'm just saying
if you really wanted to tell them then
you should have said let's make a video
telling them the truth don't agree that
oh we don't have to tell them and then
you come and sit here and kind of put me
on the spot I'm mature enough to admit
my wrongdoings you told me I was allowed
to have friends that were girls okay
that's way more than no it's not I
wasn't dating them I love Brandon have a
lot of girlfriends I don't care I'm not
the type to care so why are you breaking
up with me because of what you're
singing what do you mean why there's a
fine line between having girlfriends and
having girls that are more than friends
I don't need to sit here and explain it
to people like I'm just making a joke
out of this I'm not a hundred percent
not making the joke okay well don't ask
me why like don't pretend like it was
fine like it was never fine things that
you said to those girls you never say to
those girls if I was right in front of
your face yeah because I'm not
trying to get slapped by you okay so why
would you say that
you better okay well good
honestly I'm sorry I just I can't sit in
front I know you're great to it but I
just can't do that so there's the truth
I made a huge mistake I could sit here
for hours and hours and hours and say
how big of a douchebag that I am Jackie
stuff are already packed right here
so one last message to you guys pause I
just feel like seeing Jackie and the
vlogs maybe one day I don't know I I
just don't know what more I could say
aside from apologizing to her off camera
I don't know if all that needs to be
done on cam I have some real things to
talk with her about real apologies I
just feel like a complete idiot like a
bum I feel apart I did I didn't only
give you the car just because you were
my girlfriend because I loved you and
you deserved it and that doesn't change
after me
guys just a prank it's just a break we
prank you guys oh my goodness oh my god
I don't even know if we're supposed to
edit that I don't care it was gonna do
fart
I was actually starting to tell myself
that we actually broke up and I'm
messing with other girly God listen you
guys are used to me pranking Jackie or I
don't know my mom pranking Brian or my
dad pranking me or you know us pranking
each other
well how about us pranking you guys we
never prayed you guys so we sat down and
we decided we're like you know what why
don't we prank the robot squad with you
guys first of all if you believe that I
was messing with other girls behind
Jackie's back shame on you for all you
haters who were clapping and being so
happy that Jackie was gonna be in the
videos anymore too bad Jackie is still
gonna be in the video I still plan on
marrying her I still plan on having kids
with her but I didn't know you getting
back like 300 guys
Jackie literally told me she was gonna
put eyedrops in to make herself cry what
do you mean you're trying to poke your
eye cuz I can't cry baby who need to
poke your eye just put eyedrops a what
do you even poke your eyes babe got oh
my goodness what is going on you guys
Brandon here egg donor
oh you so happy I forgot I forgot no I
forgot leave me like that bad
I forgot without the video it's okay
okay well okay let me I'm sorry from the
bottom of my heart because every time I
pull a prank on someone in my family I
end up apologizing a million times and I
feel so bad and you guys aren't any
difference so if this prank was too far
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I just
thought it would be funny to get you
guys one time you guys have watched
hundreds of pranks between my family and
I felt like one time we just had to get
you guys but at the same time I still
feel bad so and I know there's some
people who really really care about mine
and Jackie's relationship and some
people really love seeing us together so
if we pranked you guys too far or if
this was just too much I'm sorry I swear
I feel bad and I'm sorry for real they
deserve it one time I hope we made a
believer I hope you know it was all a
joke I know and I was thinking that it's
you know of that like you know I'm sure
there are some people that don't watch
till the magic my peeps are scared and I
hate open hey guys watched was caught
messing with other girl guys this was
afraid it was a joke I love Jackie she
loves me I think okay but yeah we just
decided let's prank you guys one time
anyways thank you guys so so much for
watching today's video drop a like if we
fooled you I want to know how many
people we actually fooled I'll try my
hardest not to laugh and just stay in
character subscribe to this channel if
you're new I don't think we're gonna be
pranking you guys more because I feel
bad yeah you know what I think one of
the guys suggested it when we asked for
ideas
that's probably what helped me
but anyways got branded okay everybody's
I am out peace I love you guys all P
wait so can I go message other girls
