what way taller than me where did your
chair higher than mine
no I'm just hit a ghost there's no way
hold on stand oh wait I think I actually
owe it all way too cheap little insects
oh here wait just stand back to back I'm
literally like one inch away from you
wait how am I going to all work Ryan
either Joseph early here I'm shrinking
or you go away tolling thank you what is
going on you guys plan to do a chaotic
damn two years later you finally learn
my I'm sure that I've done every day
baby he gave up on us and today I am
bringing God into a new video video a
question-and-answer with my brother
Lyons aka faith drugs but they're not
just questions we're not just be sitting
here and asking questions and answers
they're gonna be skin like questions
mixed in so I'm ready for this video we
used to do so many Q&A sites not just I
feel really bad 3 every time I do this
because I'll play so much basketball
today and just smell I already smell it
ok good so we're just gonna get straight
into it we're not gonna start off slow
or it easy we're gonna get straight into
it like JD let's get right into the news
what is a drama lure nation reenact a
scene from cop for those who don't know
cos this show where obviously people get
arrested and they try to you know get
away or they try to be smart with the
cost and it doesn't end up to well so
Brian do you want to be the officer
first or me I want to be the victim do
you agree the victim yeah yeah I get to
use the baton what are you doing watch
you'll see I don't do questions that
you're actually really suspicious or
things as easy as possible just have a
seat you're just being ashamed
you're not sure have a seat you're
making this
or that it should be you have no right
to detain their acting based decision
sir
put your hand down please don't put your
hand up and don't reach into your
pockets sir don't you okay put your
hands on your back I'm gonna ask you one
time go to jail Brian got a rug burn
how ironic or iconic well you got out of
jail fast no after trying to run away
from officer yeah failing to cooperate
next question Brandon hook Bosley for
sale on eBay and what would rug do okay
so I'm sorry to decide one hundred
percent he's given 24 free composite
Brian look I put Bosley first an offer
you won't believe it
$10,000 for the bunch $10,000 cash so
he's looking brighter think about do we
need about the only gonna shed hearing
what I believe I'm ready to take this
shit fuck are you doing baby's calling
right now
don't fucking answer yo man you okay
there's no fuck my mother's name the dog
is here come to the address you doing
sir what are you doing
ten thousand cash to give me five time
hang up
it is not a choice just a prank pay the
dog chefs five million times in here no
don't stop $10,000 maybe $100 motel for
five bucks okay guys well sadly Bosley's
still here laying down the sale did not
go through because of this guy but I
don't you know what business is yeah
you're right I told you $100,000 it's a
done deal
no you have to go from what okay guys
next question this is not a skate type
of thing oh we could make it a skin
after you hear my answer it's up to you
what is your favorite memory ask AIDS
I'll go first
I'll be done so one time me and Brian
got a fight I don't even know how old we
were like five years old or four years
old and I'd put bride in the dryer and I
do you want to be natural knowledge no I
don't want to read that you putting me
in a dry I don't think he faked up as he
got tall you got two minutes and I'm
literally like one inch away from you
wait how am I going to taller
all right in legit has tried ending my
life as kids like 10 times 10 title had
about your favorite moment 10 times a
lot more but I pushed you out the
balcony push me off he pushed me off up
in apartment balcony I other kitchens
all like three that time I swear I don't
care you how to brain wait how do you
how do you live I've seen my most I fell
adorned bushes - there's no there's no
hospital you're exaggerating to make me
ya know what I did you did push me out
of a apartment Val I don't look at my
question bullshit the question was your
favorite my favorite Don was good but my
favorites put you in the dryer I think I
put on high heat your favorite okay
actually my favorite mystery gets kids
is when you chasing the knife without
bribe get back to listen we were super
young for that but no really like my
favorite is when we'd have a basketball
hoop in our garage we do yeah Brandon
would wake me up I shit you know at 6:00
a.m.
actually you wouldn't need to wake me up
I hear a ball dribbling in the garage at
6:00 in the morning
like during the summer and during the
weekend and like I just wake up and
would you have like music playing like
ja Rule and and we would just do like
slam dunk contest lumpy ones in the
garage I think I was like my favorite
number I'd cheers I hate my family they
never showed up
remember I have like 15 cheers right all
my cousins and aunts and all those guys
I wanted to be in the NBA so bad I
remember that probably like five years
old playing basketball in the garage and
I usually try to sell tickets like my
favorite yeah crowd okay bye next
question okay wait this one's for me
someone asked Brandon when will you and
Holly play cash and now everybody knows
cash and mal you know they refer to
themselves as the best to or to do on
YouTube and nobody could beat them in
basketball and they're the greatest me
and Ollie are waiting I've already
tweeted the cash saying yo we're ready
we're waiting so that's on that it's up
to that me and all y'all ready whatever
it could be a midnight at 1 p.m. 2 p.m.
5:00 in the morning we don't care we'll
play whatever it is but I'm only gonna
play to put a wager I want to put $1,000
on this game if you guys say you the
greatest and you guys can't lose and
nobody can beat you put your money where
your mouth is I $1,000 to V to me and
I'll leave us cash them out I'm ready I
want to see it all right back to the
skin like once you guys each have to do
a game near Brian
WWE moves on each other how about we
each do - okay fine bucket we do them on
the concrete or on the road um do we
have like a spiked bed or something like
we're know who's on the bed do the same
extreme
we're doing the floor but you already
ever and then you can put on role in the
title I'm gonna put a regardless click
my baby he wants my head down there I
swear
okay gentlemen AFOL regarding the place
be meaning stop wait listen
and you regardless of where you're
ending up to err not that fine
I hate brothers weren't fun here's from
the top right here okay
I'm good actually connect know connect
hey this is the HBK Heartbreak Kid Shawn
monitor you Twitter to me you but don't
really do a cliche we should have a
career don't we film you video on my
head 101 winded actually I'm just joking
yeah after two minutes of a skit
question I'm already winded okay Bryan
this question I'm pretty sure we have
the same exact answer so all the days
when you told me if you were gonna say
that
so god we were asked what is the
scariest moment you two have had
together
Bryan what we frickin went to the tunnel
oh that was it fuck that
I'd already just watched that video like
last time I know but it's time that's
about that it's about how crazy Bryan is
so you guys go to my channel I have one
tunnel video because I went I hear a
little girl screaming so I have a normal
human with a brain I say hmm I one time
I hear a little girl scream and I went
out I don't go back
Bryan has been back five to ten times
after he heard like we heard it was did
you a little girl screaming on Howie in
the depths of the tunnel a it wasn't
deep in the tunnel
it wasn't even like close like you heard
it from a distance we got that on camera
right I was about a filmer Q&A in that
left right I fucking blew he took us up
sit up out I'm sorry
go back Nixon yeah you're crazy from
that for sure that scariest moment that
we had okay okay oh okay this question
read reenact to your mom and dad would
they're mad at you got it okay I'll get
up to my mom before my dad you want to
do right here yeah okay tell my dad that
I didn't know well just bitch on me for
doing something wrong oh my dad or
should I say I'm dead yeah yeah dad Oh
Brandon's hogging the ps4 controller and
like I'm trying
okay so that's my dad need my we need to
type no idea you actually need my buck
has ever been eaten your buddy
ah guys it's two names of coins
different than anticipated but we're
gonna keep going with it so next
question this one is actually asked a
lot and so I chose to answer the
question red Brandon will you ever visit
the cloud house and my answer is I mean
obviously I would love to visit maybe it
was like surprising Brian there I don't
know I've obviously met banks I've met
Rosco multiple times so maybe I can set
something up who gets surprised by your
meeting Brian did you hear me no yeah
yeah but yeah I definitely be cool to
visit the car house I don't know
whatever happen but uh yeah that's
something that I would love to do final
you ever visit the cloud
I'm just way too cool oh if I go get me
this one guys wasn't I would not have
answered it for what it asked a million
times and the Denson enforcement
answering so Jackie when you watch this
it is Dennis's fault okay but at least
that question was respectful Brandon and
this goes to Brian on it's not just me
Brandon if Jackie was not around let's
just say I had never met Jackie with all
the respect I'm in a relationship I'm
perfectly okay with being a rose ship I
love Jackie that's my girlfriend and my
future wife but for the sake of this
video Jackie never existed bye Jackie
okay kind of say no one just say okay
the question said if Jackie didn't exist
branded which youtuber would you date or
which youtuber did you know it's fun no
you can't say no I mean I'll just say
Jackie no fine okay you answer listen
listen I love Jackie obviously but this
means checking on your did I already say
that enough is that clear yeah okay
listen up care summer range summarize my
answer Brian go let me do a different
one but that was gonna be one of them
all right yes no gimme is just a summer
right I know you want to say no like I
wanna have a different answer about
winter and summer this is awkward at
least something of your roommates that's
the words for you shit okay guys so this
question reads Brandon what happens when
you get a fresh haircut and you walk in
the house and Brian doesn't compliment
you for changing an ugly I don't even
notice you get in here hey this is
supposed to be a skit I'll tell me yeah
who knows but all
okay you have to go what's up hey man
how's it going so weird why did you just
do that no I'm just saying just say it
was the tough bug are you doing bro you
need a haircut so bad
do i yeah why are you sure I'm how do
you look closely not me look closely boy
you've got caught I just got caught got
cut from the team
no right I just got a haircut I got a
paper to a fate left the top long send
out a little bit up front after shave
you lined up the beard right I just got
it I spent an hour at the shop and you
don't know it it surely doesn't look
like anybody here Brian
we think there's a job oh I'm just
saying I didn't notice with the head
okay guys this next question reads
pretend you and rug are on the same team
and call beauty and rub friend fires on
you Dan
quietly dying we shooting with that bro
right on you stupid one on the same team
you can shoot me a million times
friendly fire right you can shoot me
well all the same to you my tattoo
no bro gonna kill me and Brian that my
freaking imagine a flower you do that's
all over my face
I'm literally salty oh my gosh okay guys
daddy's going to close out to take video
I really hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did please be sure to drop a huge thumbs
up subscribe to this channel if you are
new other than that
Brandon hey why are you being so selfish
about my channel how guys in case you go
subscribe to Pilates that is BR AWA D is
and he makes awesome content guys go
check him out you just type in brahmanas
and he'll come up so go check them out
and please subscribe and you know what
all the videos I'll jump you guys go
subscribe to faze rub that is PHA SE r
ug and please go give him a ton of
support on feedback on channel other
than that
Brandon aka everyone is I am out rug
face relic faz eat but I'm gonna make a
little wrong person I know shit oh
please God
hey sir
sir what are you doing I just want to
talk how to see really clearly I just
want to talk yeah I just have a Steve
Olympic search don't make this harder
than bitter man their cardboard bro
would you want oh oh my god those guys
getting trash from the okay can I have
one now I'm joking stop bow
hey there's ketchup the bottom don't on
the table if I eat one summer-rae
now when you spill is a nice it actually
takes a little money but please don't
hey
