what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and today I'm here with
my girlfriend Jackie as you could tell
from the title and kind of the thumbnail
of this video it's not gonna be some
type of video where I go out and do
something crazy or I go play basketball
or this is just gonna be more of a talk
from me to you guys myself to everybody
watching this video and before when I
first started youtube I used to do some
videos like this from here and there
where I would kind of just talk to you
guys you know I would still do a lot of
vlogs and a lot of entertaining videos
but every once in a while I would just
kind of sit and speak to you guys
through the camera and just tell you
guys what's going on I mean this is I
don't want to say it's hard to make this
video but I'd say there are definitely a
lot of youtubers who feel this way what
I'm gonna be saying in this video but
they kind of hide it or they kind of
mask it and I'd rather just let it out
because I feel like it's important just
as an youtuber to connect with all you
guys and pretty much what I'm sitting
here today is to ask you guys for help a
lot of you guys think I don't read the
comments on my videos because there's so
many or a lot of you guys think I don't
go through my Twitter notifications
because there's a lot and you guys are
wrong as a youtuber this is my life what
I mean it takes up my whole day this is
what I do all day I wake up I edit my
videos after that I think of something
to film and you know just me and my
family obviously my brother my mom my
dad we all are just we're a youtube
family so 100% of our life is committed
to YouTube so to think that I don't read
my YouTube comments or I don't care
about what you guys the ballade squad
are commenting is it's false I stay up
day and night reading all the comments
and taking the criticism from you guys
and I see all the comments you know
saying okay this video Brandon wasn't
too entertaining and I take constructive
criticism
obviously there's haters who are gonna
say this video was boring and Brandon
you suck about every video I can make
the craziest most lip video of all time
on YouTube there's gonna be those haters
who dislike and leave hate comments
without even watching the video
understand those people I just pushed it
aside I don't care about them actually
being Jackie we just laugh at those it
doesn't matter to me but I know there's
some people who are fans and their
supporters and they leave constructive
criticism and I don't take it the wrong
way I read those comments and I take it
how it is for example there are some
people that comment hey Brandon I'm
still fan but I'm not gonna lie this
video was kind of boring and I read
those and I'm like damn it hurts like
I'm I don't get mad at you guys but it
does hurt because sometimes I'll make a
video and in my head I'm like okay this
is a really cool video and I can't wait
to see what people think and then I'll
start seeing some comments piling up and
it'll be like Oh Brandon this video was
boring what a waste of time and it's not
from haters it's actually from you know
my supporters I'm sitting here and
telling guys the truth it makes me feel
so worthless or like it just makes me
feel like such a failure or a
disappointment because the way I see it
I have one job and that's to make good
YouTube videos it's to please an
audience of over 2 million people
the rewards I start seeing comments pile
up about how all this is so boring how
do you have 2 million subs this video so
bad it makes me feel like damn I have
one job and I can't do it
it makes me feel worthless and I'm not
stupid
look I have a brain I'm 22 years old
I've been doing this for 2 years now
I'm not dumb there are some videos that
I fill and I start editing a video and
I'm like yo this video is kind of boring
like I don't understand why I'm
uploading this I'm not gonna lie there
are some videos where I feel that way
and this is where I need your help
like I mentioned earlier in this video
my whole family is committed to YouTube
YouTube is not just some type of hobby
or not just a job it's a whole lifestyle
I kid you not when I say it takes about
16 hours of my day working on a YouTube
video I don't mean I said on my laptop
and edit for 16 hours not that I
probably spend about 3 hours editing a
video including you know rendering and
uploading then I'll let her answer this
I won't even look at her how many hours
do I spend trying to think of an idea
five daily upload like a lot I can't
even count if you had to do your best
together
okay you guys might think she's
exaggerating but she's not I would sit
there and I'd literally rip my hair out
I take my sandals and I show them I
ripped shirts I freaking go crazy cranky
like I feel so bad for anyone around me
when I'm sitting there trying to think
of a video idea so for example today I
got my video uploaded at 2:00 p.m. right
now it is 10:00 p.m. so other people
might look at it as oh Brandon well you
had eight hours of free time from 2:00
p.m. to 10:00 p.m. you weren't filming
or editing or anything but for those
eight hours I was sitting here about to
rip my head off of my shoulders just
trying so hard I haven't ate I have not
obviously not slept I I've literally
been sitting here just thinking what can
i upload for tomorrow
what can I look and this is an everyday
thing it's an everyday thing so back to
my whole point when I say YouTube is a
lifestyle it is my life and I love doing
you there's nothing else I'd rather do
me sitting here talking about that is
not me complaining please don't take it
the wrong way let me reiterate one more
time it is not me complaining about how
many hours I spent it is just me trying
to show you guys that YouTube is a
lifestyle so back to my point YouTube
being a lifestyle is not just okay
Brandon what do you want to film today I
put out on YouTube Oh Brandon what are
you in the mood to film today and then
go edit it's not about me I make videos
to entertain you guys I make videos for
you guys to watch I make videos that I
hope you guys like and I hope that you
guys enjoy watching and a lot of times
in my head I think about it like this
there are a lot of kids in school who
get bullied and they tweet me or they
send me messages all the time saying hey
man I get bullied but watching your
video helps me get through my day so I
always keep those people in the back of
my head and I when I'm recording I'm
like okay how can I make a video that
will make those people happy and for
example there's there are some people
who are sick and I mean really sick like
in the hospital and they messaged me
saying hey Brandon I'm very very sick
I'm going through this and that I've
been stuck in the hospital but your
videos helped me get through my day so
every time I'm filming again I don't
know if other youtubers think like this
but I always think of okay there are
people getting bullied you look forward
to my videos so how can I make this good
for them there are people who are sick
and they watch my videos to get their
mind off their sickness so you know how
can I make them happy so I just try so
hard to make videos to entertain you
guys and sometimes I think that I just
overthink it and I end up making videos
that are so boring and again as a
youtuber it takes a lot of guts for me
to make this video there are barely any
youtubers that are gonna sit in front of
a camera and admit that I've noticed my
videos are getting boring I'm only
sitting here and admitting that and
asking you guys for help because I want
to get better if I didn't care about
YouTube and I didn't care about making
you guys happy I would just keep doing
the same old videos but I'm sitting here
admitting my wrongdoings because I want
to get better and because I want to be
good at this and I'm sitting here face
to face with you guys asking you for
help I want you guys to give me ideas
and again a lot of you guys give me
ideas like I said constructive criticism
I take that from you guys I see a lot of
ideas on my comments section of my
videos but they're random there here and
there you know what I want you guys to
do today for me please I'm begging you
guys please on this video comment what
kind of videos you guys would like to
see me do again I don't care if I have
to make a video that I completely hate
as long as it makes you guys happy so
you don't have to say something related
to basketball or you don't have to say
something related to the Phoenix Suns or
something related to Bosley
those are stuff that I like to do but at
the end of the day me making YouTube
videos is 1% about my happiness and 99
about your guys's happiness so let me
know the types of videos you guys want
to see I don't care I'm not giving you
guys a range or a limit throw any idea
out there trust me it's going to help me
because I could sit here and lie and be
like yo what the hell guys why are you
commenting that my videos are boring
they're good but I'm not gonna lie I I
have been posting some videos where in
my head I'm like yo what is the point of
me posting this it's kind of boring and
I need your guys's help just I don't
care how crazy I don't care if it's
really out of my comfort zone like even
if they're ideas that you get from other
youtubers you could still give me the
idea as youtubers you know I know a lot
of other youtubers we get ideas from
each other we don't copy exactly the
same thing but we get ideas and we kind
of modify it to our own version so even
if it's something you've seen from
another youtuber or like a trend going
on you could comment down below and
aside from that me and Jackie we've been
talking about this you know she's not
dumb either she notices sometimes she'll
come up to and be like babe I watched
your video and in the nicest way
possible I feel like you could have done
this differently or you could have done
that differently so me I'm here to talk
about this all the time so we have a lot
of ideas in mind a lot of you know
couple challenges a lot of we think it's
gonna be funny to do like couple stuff
and then loser has to do this no don't
worry this is not going to be a
couples-only channel I see a lot of
people comment that that's not what this
is turning into it's still a family
channel that involves me Jackie my mom
my dad Bosley Brian and occasionally my
friends I feel like we did us a couple
don't want to have like a specific range
like we wanted me out of her comfort
zone I feel like that helps us growing
as a couple and I feel like that helps
you guys kind of meet us better that's
what I'm trying to tell you guys don't
don't comment video ideas that you think
Oh Brandon might want to do this I want
to do that forget about me don't even
worry about me I will do whatever it
takes to make you guys happy
another thing we were thinking of not
just couple videos but I was thinking of
just interacting way more with fans just
doing things for you guys because at the
end of the day you guys are the only
reason I'm still doing this every single
day I don't know maybe fly out the
biggest fan or
just giveaways I want to get closer with
you guys a lot of people know me as I
try my best to interact with the fans I
try my best to you know yeah the exactly
take pictures I've never ever ever
denied a picture in my life and even
over social media obviously I'm not
trying to sit here and brag but it's
hard to you know reply to everybody and
like every tweet because again I'm not
trying to brag at all but I do get a lot
of notifications so I try my best to
interact with everyone and I want to do
that even more I feel like you guys are
a second family to me you guys I don't
even want to say second you guys are
aside from blood you guys are pretty
much family to me so I wanna be as
interactive with you guys as I could so
once again let me know the videos you
guys want to see and I'm gonna try my
best to attain to your needs and attain
to what you guys want to see I'm sitting
here and apologizing to you guys right
now I'm apologizing if you haven't
really liked my channel for the past
couple months once again I feel like
I've just been overthinking everything
instead of just picking the camera up
and filming I've just been thinking to
myself okay maybe they like this maybe
they don't like that and it's just been
making my videos boring it's crazy to
think that me thinking so hard to make
my videos more entertaining could
actually make them more boring I don't
want to say I've been slacking because
I've still been putting in the same
amount of work and I've actually been
stressing even more but the videos have
just not been coming out as good so I'm
apologizing really from the bottom of my
heart
once again it's hard for a youtuber to
stay here and pretty much admit y'all my
videos have been boring that's what I'm
sitting here because I don't want to
just do this myself
I want your guys's help I want to feel
like we're all in this together and if
my channel does blow up even more I want
to feel like it's because of you guys
not because of whatever I did I don't
care I picked the camera I film I edit
okay cool
but I want when this channel does get
bigger every single day I want you guys
to tie yourself on the back and be like
oh it's because of me it's because I
watch these videos it's because I drop a
like and because I gave him some ideas
so I want this channel to grow and I
want it to be for you guys and because
of you guys so I'm gonna try my best
you guys please help me out leave
comments jacqui babe
anything to say god I just wanted to say
it the hardest part about this which I
feel bad for rainin it's because he
stresses out so much to the point where
like he's in his head so much but you
guys have to think about the fact that
it's every single day and honestly just
hearing it stresses me out there's so
many things going on and trust me I'm a
hundred percent less 150% blessed I hate
when I speak about like uploading every
day and this and it comes off as me
complaining because that's not what I'm
doing my job as a youtuber is to tell
you guys about my life and my life
consists of uploading daily spending
hours and hours and hours on a video
just like everybody else has worked a
regular human life once you get older
you got to work you got to make money
and you got to put in hours just just
like YouTube it's no different you got
to put in two hours or else you're not
gonna see results so I'm not sitting
here complaining instead I'm sitting
here telling you guys what goes on
behind the scenes and I'm not gonna lie
like usually yeah I stress myself out
but it's not too too bad but this past
month with the whole decision of me
moving away from my family for the first
time and you know my mom being so sad
and my dad I don't even know how he's
handling it
I think daily uploading throughout that
whole situation maybe wasn't the best
idea because if you guys don't see what
was going on like behind the scenes
throughout that time I was literally
like I'm surprised I have one piece of
hair I was like ripping my hair I'm like
bro okay I gotta get a video then I got
a thing on a video for tomorrow but I
gotta make a decision whether I'm gonna
move out at all okay now my mom said so
I gotta go comfort her
my dad he has really expressed his
feelings so I got to go talk to him
but at the same time I didn't finish my
video and I need to get a video up for
you guys and at the same time my brother
is thinking about moving so I gotta go
talk to him and make something sit like
like I was going to kill im look I'm
lucky she's here
I'm ready to just make my channel all
about you guys please give me some ideas
let me know what you guys think and I
see all your guys's feedback don't worry
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video once again I
apologize if you haven't found my videos
entertaining the past couple of weeks
I've just been out of it
I've been overthinking I've been
stressed and much much more thank you so
so much
everyone who's gonna give me ideas
because you guys are gonna help me
please don't choose anything too bad
because that means I have to do it yes I
think at the end of the day we're trying
to be better for you I think you know
the more that we let you guys know
what's going on and I think that just
kind of works better for you at least
crazy now I'm not trying to die like
right now you don't understand how good
it feels to let all of that out I used
to just sit and speak to you guys about
what was going on like I did this video
and I haven't done that in so long
everything I've just been building up
and building up and building up in my
head is about to explode
so right now thank you guys so so much
for letting me express myself to you
guys cuz I know there's a lot of
supporters out there I feel like you got
our family to me
so everything that I tell my mom my dad
Jacky Dennis Brian I feel like I could
tell you guys and that's why I make
these types of videos anyways guys I'm
gonna close out this video thank you
guys so so much for listening and
helping me out Brandon aka bruh wat is
stressful Boris in this case I am out
peace guys and I love you so much and I
understand like a billion people would
love to be in my shoes or my brother's
shoes and I know I'm blessed I'm blessed
and blessed and blessed blessed times a
billion but I just don't want people to
think that it's easy because just like
any other job out there this is also a
job and sometimes it could get stressful
I'm not gonna sit here and lie and be
like oh I get down on my hands and knees
and break bones working as a youtuber
I'm not I'm not gonna say that because
that's not true but at the same time it
could get stressful if you're not a
daily uploading okay whatever it's not
hard but if your daily uploading then it
it kind of does get a little stressful
but at the end of the day I know how
blessed I am and I'll never complain
about it
