yo guys so they still haven't fixed the
hoop this is what happens when this is
broken we got a bunch of people and we
could only play half-court it's been
like three weeks though they got the
piece right there like a brand new glass
brand new RAM and everything so many
people playing on a half-court and it's
so small like you're always running into
people are you ready for the game yeah
so I mentioned how Brian wasn't playing
with us anymore because he's moving to
the house so I think I have to I feel so
bad because it's not my fault I swear
Brian called me any don't so the reason
her voice is like this I'm sure a lot of
you guys saw it my brother pulled a
purge prank mom your voice oh my god I
promise you I was at home and Brian
called me and said bring him please come
over I agreed because I wanted to help
Brian with a video and now look what
happened to my mom mom I'm sorry yeah I
think it look possibly doesn't know who
it is Bosley who is that where's dad mom
and 22 years I live with you guys and
dad never takes naps is that how bored
he is when I moved out oh he's gonna
jump off oh I have to tell him that
Dwyane Wade signed with the Cavs that
just happened like an hour ago
well the Cavs actually have a nice team
I don't know if they're gonna beat the
Warriors cuz the Warriors are still
really nice but the Cavs I swear they
got better than last season
my opinion you want to go by my dad
hey Dad you know Dwayne Wade signed with
the Cavs yeah nobody not on the pill oh
no no no that 22 years I lived with you
and mom you never took a nap
is that how bored you get when I'm not
here from work yeah
get some rest you have big coaching
duties last season we didn't make the
playoffs so we got to turn it around
this season we'll do it championship or
just playoffs you're right you're right
championship let's go in my opinion the
Cavs got better than last season a lot
of people think because they lost Kyrie
Irving that they automatically got worse
but not Isiah Thomas and Jae Crowder
they signed Derrick Rose they signed
Jeff Green they just got Dwyane Wade
they still have Kevin Love they
obviously still have the best basketball
player in the world right now LeBron
James and the biggest thing they have
that Brooklyn first-round pick so if
they want to trade it for a proven
superstar who knows maybe DeMarcus
Cousins or somebody like that or if they
want to keep it then they're gonna have
a top five pick in the draft so either
way that Brooklyn pick is a really nice
asset for them I'm not gonna stand here
and say they're gonna beat the Warriors
but I'm just saying that they have a
better chance of beating them this year
than they did last year which is weird
because they lost Kyrie Irving alright
guys so here's the deal
today is actually game number one of the
season it's our first game of a
brand-new season like I mentioned
earlier in this video
Bryan is not going to be playing with us
I tried to pick up all leaves but he's
too busy with school and work so I
picked up my friend Justin he's a really
really good basketball player and I
can't wait to play with him I'm not
gonna lie it's gonna be a little weird
not playing with Bryan I used to love
doing this I used to love dribbling
driving in and then kicking it out to
the corner and finding Bryan's shooting
of three I used to love playing with
Bryan but it doesn't matter the goal is
still the same whether Brian's on the
team or if he's not on the team we still
need to go out win games and try to win
a championship because I'm so
embarrassed to even say this but the
past two seasons not only did my team
not win the championship we didn't even
make the playoffs and that
I hate that I hate losing basketball
games I freaking hate it like basketball
is something that I have a passion for
it's something that I take very very
seriously I love winning basketball
games when we lose and you know miss the
playoffs for a whole season it gets me
so upset and I can't help but think that
it's all my fault as the leader of the
team I feel like since we're missing the
playoffs it's all my fault
my teammates come up to me and be like
all abroad in my bed and I'm just like
no it's my fault I'm so upset like I try
to forget the past two seasons I'm
missing the playoffs but I can't so I
swear this season I'm gonna play with
like a different chip on my shoulder
this season I'm going to make sure a
hundred percent that my team gets to the
playoffs I promise I'm going to try my
best and play my best to try to lead my
team to the playoffs like I don't care
if I score 50 points I don't care if I
score 30 points or I don't care if I
score zero points as long as my team is
winning I don't care how many points I
scored I just want my team to win I want
to get to the playoffs and from the
playoffs I want to win a championship so
the fact that we didn't even get to the
playoffs the past two seasons it bugs me
I'm not gonna lie and that is well it's
going to be my motivation for the season
every single play out on the court I'm
gonna be thinking I did not make the
playoffs the past two seasons and I'm
gonna play harder not only do I feel
like letdown for myself but I also feel
like I let down you guys you guys watch
my videos for us to get to the playoffs
and try to win a championship so I feel
like I'm letting you guys down and I
apologize for that I promised this
season we're getting to the playoffs I
promise I'm gonna play even better this
season and I won't let you guys down
trust me so game number one starts in
one hour I'm so already I'm so so ready
to get my team back into the playoffs
and I can't wait for tonight guys yo
guys home finally back home I just want
to tell you guys really quick thank you
so much from me and Jackie because for
those who don't know Jackie's actually
been really really sick she had stomach
flu and she just hasn't really been able
to do anything she's still been going to
work every single day so she's been
pushing through her sickness but I just
want to thank you guys and also I'm
saying thank you from Jackie because she
want me to tell you guys for all the
support you guys show her and see cuz
she is she still told me today she's
like baby
want me to record you a basketball game
unlike a few Kurds of course
how do you feel
I found out one of our old teammates
isn't playing either so not only is
Brian out for the season but this other
guy can't play because of school so I
respected Ronson we're gonna miss you so
I quickly hit up my boy from the gym
come here Betty oh you better get used
to camera time because gonna have it all
season know I'll edit out all his misses
don't worry we got him a Jersey he's
playing the whole year with us some of
the old guys gonna play
let's go out here
damnit
am i literally the basketball itself
because my face is so round
then they use the same glue but don't
they use the same glue a long time ago
remember that's what you like me and we
would take pictures together
yeah
every time I yell go babe he goes missus
34 to 31 so we're down three let's go so
you say it right before
well not all of it
well they'll say it in the comments if
they make bad calls yeah
sure like every video that every
possible and their words they'll be like
sound beyond
forty minutes
I am good at it now I used to be really
bad at recording and I would always feel
bad
no but you see that I was telling him
the other day all right I think when he
first started playing flowers like
something cute sit up and uh he put the
car right there with a boat everything
he like throw it on it I'm like there's
no way this is my car
he didn't want it I don't know why but
he says he's like I guess he wanted one
like a newer one or something
I don't know but Scottie ended up buying
it because he he doesn't so he fixed it
looks so nice
brand-new I'm like why didn't I think of
that
so what he did was he brought it and he
and I can actually see you know how I
told you that my life were solo
I'm about to get hit oh my gosh
oh my god see this gives me anxiety I'm
serious that's why I like it my heart
why were you back
you guys it's 46 to 45 with 56 seconds
left
16 seconds 48 to 48 this is crazy
fuck
we got overtime you guys
am I the knife man
right
guys Jay is playing another game bitch
oh the go eight you started off hot oh
yeah Oh after I cut out all the misses
yeah yeah three four three both you
missed the end boat yo guys one ain't
crazy wig I can't even believe we won
that game we were playing so bad in the
second half and we went down by like
nine or ten with a couple minutes left
and in my head I'm like oh my gosh we're
having a bad start to the season and I
don't know what happened my hand just it
caught fire
everything about shooting just went in I
don't know how like I wasn't even
looking at the hoop I was just throwing
it up and it was going in right
everything was fine guys you won't
believe it what the scorekeeper told me
after the game the score keeper came up
to me in shock he's like bro how did you
do it and I was like I don't know bro
he's like you saved the team like you
won this game and I was like Nile was
all buzz was my whole team you know what
he told me he said the whole game up
until there were four minutes left I
only had five points so the game was
four minutes from ending and I had five
points guess what I ended with 25 so
that means I scored 20 points in the
last four minutes
it was crazy guys he told me that I made
five threes in a row I'll let God I
don't know I was cold guys I was off the
whole game off missing everything in my
head I'm like okay my team is down
there's only four minutes left
somebody needs to take over and I said
give me the ball and I just started
firing and everything was going in I
just I just told myself like yo somebody
needs to take over we're about to lose
this game
and I thought to myself come on what
would Devin Booker do in this situation
and I guess it worked so I need to start
thinking to myself more often what would
Devin Booker do WWD BD yeah I like that
WWD BD what would Devin Booker do no no
I'm just super super happy I love the
way my team played sure we started off
bad but at the end if we could play how
we did at the end for the whole rest of
the season it would be amazing Beto Beto
came in clutch you started hitting some
fries
Justin obviously great defense on that
one big dude that they had and Justin
was hitting a shot crazy you freaking
hit that clutch clutch three with like a
minute left
Gilbert doing his job on the boards I've
been doing his thing and
I don't know it wouldn't have been
possible if you guys didn't play like
that so I know the scorekeeper and the
rest came up to me and they're like oh
you saved the game you played great but
I give it up to my teammates guys it was
what a win that was too close for
comfort though we got to play better I
know we won and I should be happy but
honestly we need to play better anyways
guys I'm just happy to be one that was a
close one we were down by nine with a
couple minutes left we're lucky to get
out with a victory hats off to the other
team they had some really really good
players and I'm excited for this season
the way we played today I'm really
excited and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I hope you guys enjoyed this win I
promise you guys I made a promise to you
guys that this season we're gonna make
the playoffs
anyways bring it in here aka bruh wadis
I'm happy that we want and I am out
peace
