what is going on you guys random here
AKA bre waters and today i am bringing
you guys me without basketball it's the
new generation but yeah guys it feels
weird not wearing fast ball shirt anyway
i am here today bringing you guys a
brand new video and if you guys aren't
excited by looking at the title Bucknell
of this video i don't know what to tell
you I'm freaking stoked I'm so ready to
do this and I can't wait to see my mom
and dads answers you guys want to
introduce yourselves to the camera
really quick is mama rug
my name is Papa I'm ready to do this so
I think you could tell with a little
more exciting
fellas begging him to show me the
pictures and he said no no you guys
gotta wait I'll show you guys but
anyways today's video I am bringing you
guys a trend that was going on a couple
months ago but we're bringing it back in
a different way we are bringing a smash
or past but we're doing parents edition
usually you know it's me or my brother
doing it ourselves
this time I'm gonna be the host I'm
Steve Harvey Howie Mandel Bob Barker
whatever you want to call me that's me
and they're gonna be doing this I'll
just say it the arguing cuz I know it's
gonna end in argument that's why I was
thinking about doing this video with
Jackie I was gonna call Jackie on yell
babe you want to do this but then I was
like let me save the ordering for these
y'all just sit back I'm gonna tell you
this thing between us I'm just gonna but
God today smash or pass I picked out
five or six girls for my dad five or six
male youtubers for my mom oh yeah
there's a youtubers edition obviously
and who wants to go first I think rock
paper scissors to see who gets to answer
first okay my dad wants so I'll give you
the option would you like to answer
first or pass it over to my mom that's
it that's it so my mom gets first why
you want to know
I'm gonna answer so you'll do the same
okay okay guys so first and foremost mom
if you're gonna hit my dad please tell
me so I can back away
okay so first and foremost we are going
to start off with a smile and happy
youtuber one of my favorites Roman
Atwood Oh remind me of Brian my amore
Roman but but the game the game is not
who is a good youtuber or who have a
nice smile or who's nice and friendly it
is a smash for Passmore okay I mean look
at him he's handsome he's good-looking
and everything but you know he just got
a baby and I feel bad for his wife okay
the respects Vickers if I saw something
out there who just had a baby out I
don't care how uh okay yeah let's start
off with you okay
now he's happy wait confer with a
different answer okay dad for you I'll
talk to her how you feel about the
seasons you know there's fall there's
winter but this one is one of my
favorite seasons
this is summer Rae summer right oh hold
on that I don't know these are good
enough picture I don't know I'll show ya
because great minds think alike
yeah yeah okay let's go back to my mom
come on you know you have two sides two
brothers okay
up here brothers let's throw it with
another pair of brothers they go by Jase
and Logan Paul I like them but yeah okay
I mean YouTube YouTube grind it would be
a hundred percent yes before ass
masterpath okay dad thrown it back to
you boo this girl goes by the name of
Sean tell Jeffrey just say I'm just
gonna be straight
yeah there's no wow there's no what yes
Wow okay don't feel bad I would smash oh
yeah wait I don't think I should be the
host pop a girl fingers it's so tempting
to say stuff yeah I know but don't you
think Sean feels likes I think yeah my
daddy a little scared okay you said pass
yes okay fine mom we're throwing it back
to you okay look
shit I just answered it so far my mom
because I already know it YouTube a KA
Fuji to my baby use it okay use it Suzy
do so so handsome
oh good looking but this is so awkward
for them if I say because he won't come
and visit anymore that's scared of me
but if I was 10 years younger
you better watch out you told me I was
21 10 years younger you're 11 wait what
did you say you would what she will
you invited us to your house but I don't
know how I'm gonna feel about coming now
I love you you said and she loved his
family yeah I'm coming to see your dad
very soon okay dad now we are going to
go ways the ones the only the talented a
lot of talent you know that's why she's
so big on YouTube because of pure talent
she has good ideas not because of any
other reason obviously but Zoe Berger
Zoe Berger you know what right away dumb
I'm dumb you're down gonna get out -
what I'm dumped this much I wanna warn
him on she has like a little bit a
little bit
my dad is letting the past go and he's
saying I'm sorry knives I you know I'll
give another chance
I feel the aftershock okay okay mom this
is your chance so we know him you know
when I Bryan's close friends mister face
banks my baby daddy called Brian he
called Brian like son and Bob I know I'm
sorry yeah yeah Oh Bosley
I know Bosley you want to go out fine go
you're interrupting the video Bosley
show some respect
oh my gosh what is wrong with well I
don't think we're selling this house
anymore
doll Boz it is your fault you're paying
for the door mom keep going yeah
I mean mr. face banks brother yeah well
I'm not going back sitting there in the
middle
my mom just called someone her baby
daddy I don't want to sit there anymore
he's trying to change it
faith bank I would but I'm sorry you're
gonna be Brian's roommate and my son's
awkward okay okay dad we're throwing it
back to you okay since you said that
it's totally right dad Alyssa bye oh my
god you know I like you you know you
come here to visit us but you come by
yourself you know next time if you come
bring a low sodium bomb come on again
come on we're throwing it back to my mom
mom what is one of the easy things you
like to cook and me if I love to eat it
you know right you know what after we
eat the rise we might have to choose
something
smash rice gum but again once for me if
only I like it doesn't matter for me hey
look we're not the same come on don't
worry I know there's millions of girls
they would smash me my god I have a
question so she's saying it's the age
difference is too much then they
wouldn't but me even if someone's 80
years older than me if they look good
okay about just a number sure okay so
mom you're gonna pass yeah okay dad so
you're saying my mom is saying pass some
of those guys because they're Brian's
roommates so she have to spend tonight
so what about Brian's girl Molly let's
go so again with all the respect you
know me and Molly would go way back
yeah you know way back we know each
other for a long time if you come to the
house we we tried we talked you know
just like you know what you know I
respect Brian you know because she comes
as a client and with all the respect for
you but you know like I said me and
while we go way back
and I will smash that my dad sit oh
sorry guys dad dad said that he would
smash Molly's okay mom this is your last
one okay smash or pass
papa rod
you know what
afterward he did after what you put me
down but I will smash anything my mom
and dad after this vision the word okay
it's your monocle how handsome there's
nothing but if I was young gonna you
don't say anything about yeah yeah here
my yard
Barbara's oh my god where did you find
this sexy look in my Oh baby I'm
sweating now
you know what good thing I moved out
good afternoon you going back to my
house yeah that's fun to the camera to
go got the last look for my dad give me
something good you want something good
how about something more beautiful than
good mama rug whoa I know after seeing
all the girls before this is a little
bit of an upgrade I say to upgrade I'm
gonna say something you know all the
thing I said earlier about all these
girls and how I you know like to smash
and everything but this is will close
all the deal this is the girl
definitely definitely I will smash yeah
definitely and every day why mom you
should be happy yeah because sometimes
when men get older their drive gets
worse so you're like my dad is still
like that hopefully I can after my dad
yeah so
to charges me it's almost a minute okay
okay okay
Bosley Bosley guys that is going to
close out today's video like I said I'm
gonna do it with Jackie but after seeing
this I'm glad I chose to just be the
hope no hard feelings for the one act
fast I love them all but the only person
I'm going to smash for the rest of my
life is sitting to Brian
no hard feelings for all the girls eyes
eyes eyes much but the only one I'm
gonna smile there's no next to my way
are you sure anyway thank you so much
for watching today's video
I really do hope you guys enjoyed I
tried to think outside of the box I know
Suzy did this with his dad so I decided
to do it another little twist and do
with my mom and my dad me and Brian I've
also done this video a long time I was
actually really really funny but I don't
want to be doing this with my girlfriend
anytime soon me and my dad are about to
go watch the rest of the Chargers games
hopefully they don't lose in
heartbreaking fashion again for the
third week of the season guys Brandon
here egg day everyone oh and before I go
tomorrow we start our new basketball
season so if you guys miss basketball
videos stay tuned those are coming up no
so um that's me on that coach your dad
and you have an assistant coach Dennis
ah
well yeah guys I love you guys all thank
you so much for watching mom I need to
go where basket is anymore
good mani hey don't say French we did it
for you guys and about guys feed ringing
Oh dad it's still oh my gosh okay guys
so the Chargers wait whose ball oh and
it's Chiefs a ball ok guys charges are
down by one touchdown oh they didn't get
it charges are down by one touchdown
with two minutes left
ok third and one are we gonna stop the
Chiefs no let's see third down and one
yard two minutes and 14 seconds left
fourth quarter Dennis Butler are you
dating Dennis Dennis Smasher pass Bosley
okay third and one yeah we need to get
his stuff well yep there goes that well
guys there's Kareem hunt he's been a
beast this season he just killed the
charges with another huge run and Chiefs
look good this year I'm not gonna lie
the charger is once again blow a game
just move back to San Diego this what is
this stadium whole 27,000 guys 27,000
people it's just smallest stadium in the
whole NFL and the charges can't even
sell out one of their games I think it's
time just come back to San Diego admit
the move to LA was bad the owner was
just trying to be greedy and it didn't
work out look at the stands they're
empty and even when they had people in
them they were what 50 percent cheap
yeah I hope the Chargers don't win a
single game this whole season
