what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka uber waters and today I'm bringing
you guys a brand new video and it's
actually my second upload of the day for
those who didn't get a chance to watch
my first upload it was a really cool
vlog at least I liked it so if your
doing it a chance to see it the link is
right down below in the description and
at the end of that video I made a little
promise to you guys that I would be
double uploading so that's exactly what
I'm doing right now
the other thing I want to say before
getting into the actual video that I'm
doing I just want to say you know
prayers up to Mexico because there have
been these massive earthquakes going
around and it's just it's not safe it's
dangerous so prayers up for Mexican I
hope everybody out there and everybody
who has family over there everybody's
safe and everybody's doing fine and now
time to get into the actual video and I
think it's only fitting that for this
video oh wait let me try that again
oh my gosh my head is too big
ready check it's only right for this
video to have my hoodie on so let me
adjust it really quick what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka waters and
today's video I'm going to be talking
about the crazy unexpected trade that
soft Carmelo aka hoodie Melo go from the
New York Knicks to the Oklahoma City
Thunder no you didn't go to the Houston
Rockets no you didn't go to the
Cleveland Cavaliers no he didn't stay in
New York he got traded to where the
Oklahoma City Thunder for the second
time this offseason OKC kind of just
sneakily sneakily pop comes out of
nowhere and steal the star first was
Paul George you know everybody heard
about Paul George going to the Lakers
everybody heard about him possibly being
traded to Boston and then boom OKC comes
out of nowhere and trades for a pg-13
and then today with Carmelo you guys
already know Carmela's list he only had
Houston on there he only wanted to play
with James Harden and Chris Paul then we
heard last night that he was okay with
playing in Cleveland with LeBron DeRose
Isiah Kevin Love and then out of nowhere
we see the Oklahoma City Thunder
finalizing a trade for Carmelo frickin
Anthony oh yeah for those who don't
follow me on Twitter
check out this tweet from last night
last I'll city
and some dude tweeted at me and he was
like yo if Carmelo gets traded to
Oklahoma City Thunder what do you think
the trade is going to look like and I
said hm I don't know maybe and his
cancer Doug McDermott and a draft pick I
said they're not even uh Steven Adams
and look what happens one day later the
trade is and his cancer Doug McDermott
and a draft pick for Carmelo I nailed it
exactly I don't know how I did it
honestly but yes a lot of people say
that I could see the future and I'm not
gonna lie I can see the future just like
I can see that the Western Conference
this year is going to be a blood bad
it's going to be crazy so uh yeah a
little more on that coming out Anthony
single by himself got traded to the
Oklahoma City Thunder and the Oklahoma
City Thunder they actually did have to
give up too much they gave up in his
cancer whoo okay I'm gonna take the
hoodie off kids whatever it's really hot
and it's cancer who was a fine player
don't get me wrong
Doug McDermott you know good role
players still young and they gave up a
draft pick they actually gave up a
second-round pick but that second I
think is actually gonna be really nice
because it's not coming from OKC it's
coming from Chicago and for those who
follow the NBA Chicago is they're not
really supposed to be that good there's
upcoming season you know they lost Jimmy
Butler I don't want to say they're
tanking but they're tanking so uh yeah
that thing isn't gonna be too bad um for
today's video I first want to say
whether or not I think this trade will
scare I'm gonna be getting into a lot of
things whether or not I think they could
be gold and stay what I think each
team's plans are do I still think
Russell Westbrook and Paul George are
leaving after the summer let me just get
into all that but I'm starting first and
foremost with do I think this was a fair
trade for OKC and New York first of all
on OKC side does anybody have handcuffs
because Sam Presti needs to be arrested
the general manager of the Oklahoma City
Thunder it's stealing stars this
offseason he got Paul George for Victor
Oladipo and some bonus like okay
whatever you got Paul George for that
Paul George is the upcoming free agents
so I don't know and he didn't have to
give up a draft pick
then Melo comes along and all he has to
trade is their backup center and his
cancer and in a role play a
disappointing you role player in Doug
McDermott I don't
disappointing as in he's bad but
compared to what he was supposed to be
out of college the students supposed to
be straight lining score and I know he
has shown flashes of potential and maybe
he could reach that potential in New
York but for this trade sake just a role
player does McDermott and then not even
the first round pick a second-round pick
and they get Carmelo and I thinking now
let me get this straight
Carmelo Anthony of today is not the same
Carmelo Anthony from five years ago I
know that I'm not dumb but at the end of
the day he is still a star he's still a
great scorer he is still a great
rebounder first position and we have
never seen Carmelo Anthony play second
fiddle we have never seen Carmelo
Anthony take a back seat to a superstar
just like he's going to be doing for
Russell Westbrook and so I think they're
gonna be really interesting now I'm
getting way off topic because it's
always happens we're not talking about
basketball I was supposed to talk about
the trade so on
I think obviously Oklahoma City won this
trade you know they're in windown mode
they're trying to get Russell Westbrook
to stay they're trying to get Paul
George to stay so they don't really care
about that drafting then I really care
about giving up a young player like Doug
McDermott because they're trying to win
right now and therefore enes kanter yeah
he was actually really nice coming off
the bench I like cancers game but at the
end of the day you got to give some to
get some and they're getting Carmelo
Anthony so you can't get him for free
I like this trait for Oklahoma City they
won this trade in my opinion but at the
same time for a New York I don't think
it's that bad you look at how much money
Carmelo Anthony was making and you look
at how long it took for a team to
finally want to trade for him so New
York for all we know could have been
stuck with Melo and not even end up
trading him and not get anything in
return the fact that they actually did
get a young player and Doug McDermott
who like I mentioned he's a little
disappointing but maybe maybe in New
York he could show his full potential
some people need the bright lights of
New York City and it might work for him
who knows that draft pick like I
mentioned no it's not a first-round pick
but it's going to be a really really
early second-round pick in New York you
know in the past they haven't owned a
lot of draft picks so this gives them a
chance at striking gold maybe finding
someone a rookie late in the draft you
know in the second round and maybe they
could strike gold and then obviously
enes kanter I'm not sure if he's
be in New York long term who knows about
that but at the end of the day if he's
not you could flip him you could trade
him and he's a fine player so I do think
Oklahoma City won this trade but I don't
think it was a slob cited as people are
making it out to be don't forget
Carmelo is making so much money that no
team wanted to trade for him at first so
New York is lucky that somebody took all
that money off their books and now I'm
gonna get into what I think this pretty
much means for Newark and what I think
this means for Oklahoma City well for
New York this pretty much means to boom
the tank is on it is now kristaps
porzingis his team no questions asked no
who's the leader what are they building
on what are they doing no it's clear
porzingis is the leader he has shown
enough to prove that you know he could
lead a team maybe we have not seen
enough of him as the first option so
that might cause some problems but in
the time Melo has been hurt or in the
games that Melo was not able to play
porzingis showed enough at least in my
eyes for me to say wow this young kid is
the future and they're giving him the
keys early they're building around him
they're also building around Frank
Tillich ena sorry if I missed say his
last name it's hard to say but they got
a rookie point guard that hopefully they
think is going to pan out
and now after trading Carmelo and not
getting too much in return they're
pretty much ensuring themselves of a top
five pick in this year's upcoming draft
you guys already know Marvin Bagley
Michael Porter Luca Johnson again I
apologize if I say his last name
this dude's last name wrong but Luca is
he's good this is a stat draft class and
so New York is ensuring themselves of
getting a high pick yeah there's no more
hiding what New York is doing they're
tanking and they're trying to get a
Hydra I figure they're trying to start
all over the Carmelo Anthony experiment
did not work sure they had some fun
years but at the end of the day zero
championships in the Carmelo Anthony era
now as to well OKC is doing OKC is
obviously going in just like we don't
care what we give up we don't care what
it takes we just want to put stars on
the team to take down the Warriors and
to also make sure Russell Westbrook
isn't leaving for those who don't know
Russell Westbrook is a free agent after
this upcoming season and I don't want to
say okay he's scared that he's leaving
but Russell Westbrook
not sign his super is a big time
extension so Russell Westbrook could
leave well okay he's doing they're
trying their best to make sure he
doesn't leave okay
Russell we got to Paul George Russell a
couple weeks later we got to Carmelo
Anthony we did the best we could now
let's see what happens during the season
and honestly I'm impressed so far of
this offseason okc has been the winners
and you know houston got Chris Paul
okay Minnesota got Jimmy Butler but they
had assets to give up they took their
assets and traded them for a starter
that's cool oh well OKC did they really
have any assets so the fact that they
brought in two stars Paul George and
Carmelo with the minimal assets that
they had is crazy to me and I think they
did a great job and you know maximizing
you know pouncing on the right
opportunity and now one year after
losing Kevin Durant they've replaced KD
with Paul George and Carmelo in my
opinion I would still have one KD over
Carmelo and Paul George there's a lot of
people out there who would rather have
Carmelo and Paul George and gods I'm
really really excited to watch this new
trio I know there's a lot of questions
of how they're gonna share the ball and
but me myself I'm excited to see how
there's gonna work on I think they're
gonna be really really fun to watch
yo just just think about this really
quick in this offseason they lost Victor
Oladipo Doug McDermott and his cancer
and Sabonis and they got Paul George and
Carmelo Anthony like Brian that's it
actually comes up to the video that's a
great offseason if you ask me I stuffed
Brian in the room because he was gonna
keep staring at me during this video
okay Brian
okay guys so yeah that's what I think
this means Brian came back in the room
right now
guys so yeah guys I think that's what it
means for OKC they're just they're
trying to take down Golden State that's
that's what's in their head and they're
also trying to make Russell Westbrook
happy I think they're inching closer to
both of those things I think adding Paul
George and Carmelo is making Westrick
happy and it's also getting closer to
beating the Warriors we'll get more into
that later
the second to last thing I wanted to get
into Paul George
obviously upcoming free agent just like
Russell Westbrook after this season so
they got like they got major decisions
to make Westbrook and Paul George both
after this season Carmelo is not a free
agent he still has multiple years left
on his contract
so OKC could be facing the quantum after
the season that Russell Western and Paul
George are both leaving Brandon do you
think Westbrook and Paul George are
going to leave OKC I promise you guys
out answer this question in this video
and it's really hard to tell because the
season has not even started this super
team or this mini super team whatever
you want to call a new look Oklahoma
City Thunder I saw somebody call them
okay three instead of OKC it's hard to
tell if I think those players are
leaving because like I said the season
hasn't started let's say Oklahoma City
goes to the finals they somehow be gonna
stay and they make to the finals then of
course I don't think Westrick or Paul
George are leaving but let's say they
have a little bit of a disappointing
season maybe lower than what they expect
here let me say this I think Paul George
has more of a chance than Westbrook does
to leave I think George is you know has
his sights set more on LA that Russell
Westbrook does but at the end of the day
if they do okay here I'll just answering
if they do really well they make it to
the championship or at least make it to
the Western Conference Finals and give
gold and say a big-time run for their
money I think both of those guys stay
and play with Carmelo try to add one
more piece and go for it again next
season but let's say they finished like
a fourth seed cuz I'm expecting OKC to
be second or third in the West let's say
they finished fourth or fifth and you
know maybe they only make it to the
second round of the playoffs I think if
that happens Paul George is a 100% gone
and I think Westbrook is 5050 if if that
happens if they disappoint at the end of
the day I think what's what's gonna say
and Paul George right now in my head I
have no idea what he's gonna do because
you guys know all the talk he was
talking about the LA Lakers before he
got traded to OKC
now after you got traded to OKC he seems
committed but at the end of the day you
can't forget all those thoughts about
the lake
in his head you also can't forget it
Russell Westbrook means the LA kid but I
think he's a little more loyal to the
organization than Paul George obviously
because Paul George was not drafted by
the Westbrook was so those are my
thoughts on that last but not least
Brandon where do you think OKC finishes
in the standings and do they beat the
Golden State Warriors after adding
Carmelo Anthony
I think they finished second or third I
think with this trade for Carmelo they
lead from the Spurs and that's not
saying anything about the Spurs because
the Spurs are great team they still have
quwata the Spurs are a really really
really good team and they're going to be
top four in the West that's not saying
anything about the Spurs it's just me
saying how good I think the Western
Conference is going to be I think OKC is
going to be second or third they're
gonna be fighting with Houston San
Antonio and themselves for those two or
three spa I don't think they fall to
fourth or fifth I think if they in the
fourth or fifth after Russell
Westbrook's MVP season and adding Paul
George for almost nothing and adding
Carmel for almost nothing that would be
a huge disappointment so I'm gonna put
them at second or third in the West for
sure home court advantage I don't think
they're gonna catch number one with the
Warriors obviously but I do put them
over the Spurs oh yeah before I get into
whether or not I think they could be
Golden State let me just say has the
West ever had the top for this staff I
mean are you kidding me
you're looking at a team with Kawhi
Leonard LaMarcus Aldridge Danny Green a
team like that my finished fourth in the
West and a team like OKC with Russell
West with who won MVP Carmelo and Paul's
words might finish like third or fourth
that's crazy that just goes to show how
good the West is and I think the top
four whatever order they finish in
they're all just as good as each other
aside from the Warriors obviously
because they're on a whole other level
now Brandon do you think the new look
Oklahoma City Thunder could beat the
Golden State Warriors not in one game
one game okay but do I think they could
beat them in a seven-game playoff series
I'm going to be straight up no no I did
there's just there's no way and you
could ask the same question not just
about OKC you could ask
for me about Houston you could ask it to
me inhale the spurns you can ask it to
me about Minnesota you could ask me do
you think Blanc is going to meet the
Golden State Warriors and my answer will
be the same no and I'm not gonna
Warriors fan I'm sitting here hey
Phoenix Suns fan but I'm also unbiased
I'm also just a fan of the NBA and yo
there's look the Warriors are a freakin
mega super squad like you have all these
teams like now Houston with Chris Paul
and James Harden
you have OKC with Westbrook George and
Melo
you have the Spurs with Kawhi and
Aldridge you have the Cavs with LeBron
who is the greatest player in the NBA
right now you have frickin Boston with
Kyrie and Hayward you have all those
teams and those are super teams in my
head those teams are super teams but
then you have the Warriors who I don't
even think we could call them a super
team anymore I think they're like like
you know when you were a kid playing
those video games and you would be all
your like little stages but then you
would get to the boss stage and you can
never ever win well think about it this
way you know huge stain Oklahoma City
Cleveland San Antonio those are like
those stages obviously Cleveland I think
is a little better than all the other
teams and then the Warriors are the
freakin boss and I just don't think
anybody not just next year but the year
after and like the Warriors are just too
good they're they're kind of like
something we have never seen before
obviously Michael Jordan's Bulls were
just as good but in terms of the way
they play and the way they take over
games the way they could go from down by
10 to up by 20 in a matter of seconds is
what makes the Warriors so good in fact
this offseason they were looking at
potentially losing JaVale McGee maybe
losing Andre Iguodala
instead they keep McGee they keep a good
olive and they added Nick Young and they
added Jordan Bell on draft night so no I
don't think okay so you could beat the
worst
I don't think anybody's gonna beat the
Warriors I think they're gonna win the
NBA championship again because they're
just way too good and we've never seen
anything like them the NBA's szostak the
West is so stacked but wait I want to
correct myself because I mentioned
Cleveland in the same you know tear as
all the other teams let me say this what
I think in my head warriors are in a
tear of their own then go to Cleveland
by themselves and then I put Boston
Houston OKC and San Antonio all in the
same one and Minnesota look I know
there's a lot of Timberwolf fans out
there and you guys think I'm selling
your team short no I understand the
wolves are gonna make the playoffs
they're gonna be real nice they're gonna
look really good but let's wait a little
bit they're still young it's still you
know they were a bad team last season so
they're gonna make a jump they're gonna
be good next year but they're not gonna
go from back two championship contenders
that just doesn't happen you gotta have
patience the Wolves might end up fifth
they might end up six and that would be
perfectly fine but I got a lot of hate
on Twitter saying the wolves are gonna
be top three they're better than OKC
they're better than Houston look they're
not they will be in a couple of years
but right now look give them some time
to jail anyways guys how's gonna close
out today's video Brian why are you
sitting in there I'm fine fine so guys I
hope you enjoyed today's video I tried
to answer all the questions I promise
I'll answer it earlier in the day like I
said this is the second upload of today
so if you didn't had a chance to check
out the first vlog check it out the link
will be in the description down below
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I love you guys all
drop a like you enjoyed and I'm out
pretty rundown peeps
