what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and today I am bringing
you guys a brand new unexpected video um
man I feel so bad for my brother right
now so I'm sitting here in the car
shout-out to Dennis we're driving to my
house I promised my mom that I would see
her today so I'm gonna go see my mom and
dad right and I'm just scrolling through
Twitter and I start seeing like a bunch
of people go crazy on the Twitter
timeline and I'm like yo it has to
involve the Kardashians everytime
America goes crazy it's because it's
involving the Kardashians so I'm looking
through I'm looking through and I see it
that Kylie Jenner reportedly I said
reportedly because we don't know if it's
100% true or not but Kylie Jenner is
pregnant with Travis Scott's baby and
yeah this is pretty crazy Kylie Jenner
in 2014
said I'm not trying to become a rapper
I'm not trying to get married and I'm
not pregnant yeah it's just weird timing
how right now we're about ten minutes
away from home I'm about to see my
brother you guys already know my brother
when I say is in love with Kylie Jenner
that's an understatement you guys think
like I'm in love with Jackie Brian is
freaking like you know he dreams
everyday of one day becoming the father
of Kylie's children and one day marrying
Kylie so Brian I hope you don't mind
that now when you end up marrying her
you're gonna have to take on Travis
Scott's baby
I don't know Brian's like working on
this video right now so I'm hoping he
hasn't seen the news yet Kylie Jenner is
pregnant was it you Dennis they said
Travis car but I think
we're buying really a man will say
Travis Kasich a matter you guys imagine
I'm expecting to go home and break Brian
the news and he's gonna be crying and
super sad imagine I walk in and Kylie's
in the room with Brian and Brian's the
father imagine they're just saying is
Travis Scott to cover up for Brian well
you're really gonna stop at the red
light I gotta break the news to Brian
okay I'm just shallow just joking okay
yeah the faster we get there the better
so Brian doesn't see the news yeah I
want to break it to you like the bank of
my going 50 hey Bernie
we are in a hurry we're trying to go
tell Brian the news
okay guys so we're at the house you
already know my socks and sandals on I
don't know why I'm wearing a hoodie cuz
it's really hot in San Diego I just felt
like wearing one but yo hey Dennis do
you have like a helmet or like
protective gear because I'm scared
I need armor bro a yellow Kylie's
pregnant would you say like that Bo I
first showed me the helmet his Lambo
still here see this is how you know he
hasn't built here see this is how you
know he hasn't heard the news about
Kylie being pregnant if you heard the
news about Kylie being pregnant he would
have smashed his Lambo so guys let's go
tell him the news Walker you what what's
up the lights are on
okay the ghosts followed Brian from the
old house wait what the hell wait is
mine in there I can't tell the windows
are tinted ice Wiesner in there wait
wait is the car bro this is just walking
sorry I'm nervous AF Oh
and the first person we see is rug rat
yep Brian what the hell is on your phone
don't Brian wait you already know that's
crazy I came here to tell you I was
expecting you not to know I was like oh
let me be the wait am I allowed to touch
you oh you're gonna punch me today stuff
that's actually annoying though so in
the car like oh I want to be the first
person to touch weight not to touch but
yes so the first position I want to be
the first person to tell Brian I walk in
he's on his freakin Kylie Jenner already
changed my frickin background to Kendall
drop oh he's going for the sister I
don't give a fuck if they were real
sisters she doesn't
another Jenner has - what about Caitlyn
no Kalin's mine don't even go there
Brian but you know what I said I was
expecting like Travis Scott was maybe
like just for the news and the media but
if you were really the father
but you change it to Kendall so that
kind of eliminates that bro oh right you
don't even know what happened to your
car did you drive your Lambo recently
Brian listen I literally walk in the
lights like flicker I don't know if that
was in the vlog but after like the
lights flicker the door okay well Bosley
the door handle like what like I don't
you know what it does yeah not like I
thought you were in the car I assume
down like waves behind in the car you
were recording I was recording your
vinyl show to you after this clip but
literally it was weird
so see what happens when we go to this
house you go in all the secret rooms try
to find the ghost it comes to your Lambo
it's fun
I like definitely not fun that's your
fun
mine is basketball yours is ghost
hunting yeah now guys that was pretty
weird I think that ghost from the old
house followed us to this one all
because of road rash anyways Brian stay
up if you need anybody to talk to about
Kylie Jenner and trust me you're the
father
oh no pressure Dennis but the cameras on
now
oh he felt the pressure let's see one
more camera shy Oh
Rugrats turn let's see you buy this for
Kylie Jenner's pregnancy Oh if you win
all the way Brian then it's your baby if
you make it all the way to your baby oh
oh if you miss this is Travis Scott's
okay he's still alive Dennis you're
still camera shot how many videos have
you been in by now like a hundred Oh
Kylie might have a new baby daddy guys
for those who don't know how to play
around the world
Brian has to go five more shots one two
three four and five right here
Oh Brian but he gets one chance Brian
Brian Oh Travis Scott dad this is for
Kylie's baby oh oh my dad's happily
faithful my dad's faithful my dad's
faithful he doesn't want Kylie's baby
this is for Jackie's baby
but in the future
Oh Jackie wants this baby you can tell
she's feeding the ball into the hoop
okay let's give camera shot one more
chance whoa
Oh Danny how'd you only make this second
one oh you weren't used to Kylie
sleeping with another man were you oh
okay
Oh Oh Brian's this still to be Kylie's
baby daddy okay fine if you make it all
the way than your college baby daddy if
not that it's Tyga not Travis Scott yeah
I like Tyga - oh short his chance his
chance
Hisle okay dad let's see for your
camera-shy my dad's best friend
you guys could meet him his name is the
glass oh my gosh oh oh they got in a
little fight my dad's best friend on a
little fight can he patch it
he passed the fight oh no glass no good
my dad's taking a chance not only does
my dad look like klay Thompson he shoots
like klay Thompson oh chance Ted I guess
that's a yes
oh my gosh okay dad chance
uh-oh
oh my gosh his best friend is back let's
see if he could use his best friend
again
ooh chance oh my gosh she's taking a
chance it's the second to last one oh my
gosh so if my dad makes this he wins
this one you know it's over
my dad just won my dad just beat me
Brian and Dennis this oh this is my
dad's favorite game I swear
look how they know that was so lucky why
okay guys so we're still playing outside
how long has it been it's been hours you
know Brian got tired he went back inside
but we got Brian's replacement right
here
yellow Bosley I think you're supposed to
be playing if you're replacing Brian not
eating no okay god Brian just jumped
over this range over and dunked and then
it said he wants to try everyone makes
fun of how I say bro I say bro let's go
Bo he said he could do it
come on Bo just one try for the vlog and
then that's it and if I die for the ball
I mean it would be a lot of views but it
would obviously not be a good thing
travel Haiyan he wants a farther jump
let's go marques Chris
yeah on this side yeah if your younger
brother can do it you can too
oh that's easy yours looked way better
than mine though yeah mine looks sloppy
come on Dennis
oh no what first Troy what the fuck
let's go Brian when did we start playing
basketball like before you went inside
and everything
gosh it's been so long and I played
earlier at the James ball is life watch
oh oh you Lambo oh oh almost your
haunted Lambo I should say that was
weird Brian I swear do you give me
consent permission to put you on YouTube
are you gonna sue me yeah open up
corporation you know what's weird Brian
I'm just stealing your vlog footage do
you hear the Coyotes just listening more
like freaking out and bat and someone
think they're having a really lit party
with a bunch of members or a bunch of
coyotes oh I saw a deer the other day a
huge one Brian a huge one yes on the
roadway you know what we are look we
both have canon g7x with a spider-man
from twitter meme you know the two
spider-man's are twins it's so weird
Kylie Jenner's pregnant Kylie's pregnant
it ain't your baby guys okay
so anyway Brian go jump in the pool
right now and take your camera with you
so good break guys what I was gonna say
is that go small but okay anyways guys
this is what I was trying to say ever
since I moved out into my own apartment
I'm actually at this house more than I
was when I actually lived here and it's
actually crazy but it makes my mom and
dad happy that I'm here so much cuz when
I moved down to my own apartment I
promised my mom dad Brian and this dude
that I'll come by and see them every
single day dad have I kept my promise so
far yes when your own dog needs his sofa
to recline bosley you like the recliner
last time he got a little too
comfortable though he laid down all over
here and he's a little obese no no let's
call him thick boned he's thick bone so
this thing was about to go down
Bosley do you shop at Maternity store do
you shop at the maternity store look at
your eye booger no no let me see you
right over here let me get it
bye dad bye Bosley when are you gonna
come visit the apartment yo are we sure
that Kylie was the only one who got
pregnant cuz Kanye looks a little
pregnant too guys the game we were
playing basketball outside around the
world that game is so addictive my dad's
the champion at that game hey how happy
does he get when we play with him yeah
yeah we all have so much fun not only do
I go visit my parents like I promised
them every single day but I also try to
like make it fun for them and stuff oh
and what was my dad doing before we got
there he was early
he got back from work he was falling
asleep yeah he was like falling asleep
you know boring day and then we got
there he had so much fun playing
basketball so I was for my dad and
that's his game he always beats us
somehow some way you already know me and
Dennis had to embrace our middle-eastern
roots and we are here at the kebab shop
hey Dennis
give me a face when food is about to be
served here's mine foods coming
yo guys I'm here to close out today's
video with a couple things first and
foremost I just want to say if you're
wondering where Jackie has been the past
two videos she's actually really really
sick and it's very contagious and so she
didn't really want to be seen on camera
and actually I've barely even seen her
the past two days because it's so
contagious that Jackie's just been in
her room you know I've dropped off
medicine for her stuff but I haven't
really seen her and we both appreciate
your guys's support you know Tiger that
you guys hope she feels better all that
it really makes her feel better and she
really appreciates it the second thing I
wanted to get into was I'm sure earlier
today you guys saw on Twitter because
everybody was talking about it Donald
Trump withdrew his invitation to Steph
Curry if you don't know what I'm talking
about every time people win a
championship they get invited to the
White House and they go kind of
celebrate for a day well the Warriors
who won the championship they refused to
go to the White House they didn't want
to go because Donald Trump is in office
obviously and so what Donald Trump
tweeted this morning he tweeted to Steph
Curry saying that he's withdrawing his
invitation and Seth Curry is no longer
welcome to the White House well mr.
president last I checked you can't take
away an invitation from somebody who was
never gonna show up Steph Curry was not
going to show up to the White House so I
don't get what Trump is thinking by
taking away two invitation that's like
me knowing that people are never gonna
show up to my home and be like hey
you're not invited to my home so uh hey
Rihanna you're not invited to my home
anymore oh uh
Beyonce you do you know you you're not
invited to my home and um yeah ariana
grande don't even think about coming
because I'm taking away your invitation
to my home guess what they were never
coming and the last thing I want to get
into is obviously NBA news Carmelo
Anthony has been traded to the Oklahoma
City Thunder and I mean both the
Oklahoma City Thunder kept Russell
Westbrook they added Paul George they
added Carmelo Anthony and look I want to
keep talking about this but honestly I
want to make a whole other video and
don't tell anybody this is not a promise
this isn't gonna
a hundred percent I have a really really
busy day I promised my mom and dad I
would help them out with something and
also Jackie is very sick so I kind of
want to come for her but I will try my
best to double upload and I want to
upload a video talking about Carmelo
Anthony going to the Oklahoma City
Thunder
don't worry else I'll be making a video
on that no matter what whether it's
tomorrow it's gonna be up tomorrow or
like I said I'm gonna try my best to
double upload so it might be up today
who knows watch out for a second video
later today anyways thank you so much
for watching this video I have a whole
lot more to say about that trait I just
got a mmm colder day because I want to
save it for the other video oh and I
predicted this trade by the way look at
my tweet from last night I predicted
exactly how the trade would go down
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today's video I really do hope
you guys enjoyed once again thank you so
much for you know tweeting that Jackie
and Tiger you guys hope she feels better
cuz she really appreciates it I love you
guys all Brandon aka paratus I am out
peace
