oh this game Oh call it the jell-o born
this game has been late no Jimmy Butler
from Minnesota no Seth Curry for the
Warriors and this game is still late
boom you came back down dream on well
why don't you turn around and fade away
boy Oh yo karl-anthony towns is a
monster and he's super good friends with
Devin Booker to top it all and then
started a few sons playing and I'm going
crazy freakin tie game with 36 seconds
left freak who is gonna win this one
Victor Oladipo with the ball crossing
half-court guarded by Marcus smart miles
started coming with a big Marcus mark
sets up Bogdanovich with the ball Oh
Myles Turner has it on Maurice he has a
height advantage Oh Joe it up any score
I'm not even gonna lie Myles Turner is
nice uh-oh one second left
Celtics down by two and it's Celtics
ball oh oh oh and the freakin drama and
the fights I frickin love basketball I
swear Oh Marcus why I said you I
freaking like anything about basketball
from the game to the fights to the
arguments to the frickin slam dunks oh
he's mad he's big mad just like you know
what $100 to whoever guesses what my
favorite sport is I'm waiting
it starts with B and it ends with ball
baseball yo guys quick interruption for
this vlog to let all of you guys know
that this video is sponsored by seat
geek what seat geek is it is an app
where you can get all your tickets from
sporting events to concerts to anything
you could imagine and what makes this so
unique and so different from other
ticket companies for every ticket that's
on sale it showed you whether green or
red green meaning yo this is a good deal
you should buy this ticket red meaning
nah don't touch it you're probably
getting ripped off on top of all that if
you use my promo code be hey that's it
just two letters ba
you get $20 back off your first purchase
seeking is the way to go
link in the description down below and
don't forget to put in those two letters
ba and get $20 back off your first
purchase and that's what right now I
hope you've enjoyed the rest of the vlog
yo guys so right now I'm on the way to
the mall with Jay I'm driving my car and
something weird is going on so first we
noticed that the screen is really really
dark and also it doesn't show the time
there's usually a time right up here and
now doesn't show it so then we turned on
the AC and the air is like really hot
it's not pumping out any cool balls like
a sauna in here man and then I looked at
my dashboard there's nothing even like I
don't know how fast I'm going or
anything I don't know how much gas I
have last this is weird it's never
happened before with this car the
freaking charger and my USB charger
doesn't work it's not charging my phone
but like my car is driving like I just I
don't know what's going on it's weird
this is the weirdest part never judge
the car without knowing
how fast I'm going or how much guys I
have laughs well hopefully we don't get
stuck on one side Sol oh shit honestly
what good footage would that be able to
do this second side of the road
no I gotta be at dinner at 7:00 I even
tried to turn my car off
I gotta stop by and turn it back on just
in case it was just like twitching and
nothing worked he doesn't I don't know
what's going on but hopefully we make it
to the mall
she's so weird guys so the struggle of
having an i8 aside from the car almost
breaking down the middle of the road is
that the doors open this way oh you guys
she left
damn it that ruins it though we're
parked so close to here we were gonna do
an experiment was I gonna hit her car
chances are I wanna probably hit it if I
share what a hit sure what I hit it but
yes she left but anyways guys before we
get down to the mall I just want to try
to see quick one last time tour problem
this is so dark you can barely see yeah
nothing nothing is showing up will see
you just go some long have a good time
yeah alright let's go you can rock them
alright so you're being lazy right now
you don't want to try it on but I told
you the the little secret okay tell them
no are you being serious are you trying
to make a fool of myself I'm being
serious what did I tell you you said to
put the jeans around your neck and how
do I know if it fits and it fits around
your neck then it should be fine it does
it near 32 I'm thinking about my car and
how my car spoon and these guys tell me
to wrap jeans around my name that's the
lazy way if you don't wanna try it on
you got to wrap around your neck oh I
was like halfway to the fitting room and
then I thought about taking my shoes on
taking these off and I'm weighing
basketball shorts under too like too
long of a process trust the process
okay let me see
holy shit perfect fish
there you are you sure yeah okay Jane
watch when I step out tonight they're
freaking dead my legs watch if
something's too skinny
yeah arms I think you're making this up
see but let me see the neck does it fit
she doing well I'm eating cookies
because I can't any really do because
you're vegetarian so we can never decide
what to eat if I have to resort to
eating this no I could get chicken
teriyaki with no chicken just arrives
with a bunch of teriyaki sauce yeah so
me and Jay are walking around Foot
Locker right and we see like a whole
shelf and it's just filled with black
t-shirts and you guys remember our good
friend what was his name I started with
a D write something like yeah start with
the D end with a s dick Dennis Dennis
Dennis Dennis yeah you know he moved to
Chicago we're trying to get him back to
San Diego hey Dennis what do you say we
buy you all these black shirts and
surprise you know they're just super
faded Dennis look at this
all black shirts it'll get you the whole
shelf with that haircut I'll be looking
for hats too on the real Dennis we miss
you it still feels unreal you're like
we're missing missing some amazing
someone in the middle I feel and I feel
colder yeah really bro man sick
yeah no but really like maybe the first
couple of days I Dennis left we were
still thinking like okay maybe it's just
like a joke or maybe he's just playing
like a crazy prank on us I don't know
but now every day that goes by were just
like damn then it's really left so
Dennis when you watch this freaking miss
you don't worry guys I still talk to
Dennis every single day we miss you
Dennis all the Dennis memories I
remember
AJ you know what happened one time with
Dennis here we came back from Korean
barbecue and he smelled like straight me
it was nasty so he came here and he put
on a bunch of Cologne and then the girl
caught him she's like can I help you
where did we just eat at Korean barbecue
making mommy tell for my breath right
now should we all smell nasty so we're
in the store right now trying to find
the Cologne so we could spray ourselves
a bell on your neck they're looking
they're leaping yeah thank you how much
it was for that bigger bottle and it's
got cops oh now he's acting like he's
looking good buy something
hey you see that Easter Bunny over there
what would you do they take off the mask
and it's freaking Dennis in disguise
surprise I wish and I heard if you want
to check out cookies baked to perfection
if it's over one of your it's a little
too big so I'm gonna tell them to cook
it
cooking for or bake it bake you I mean
big
hey that was pretty funny I don't know
why you miss Dennis if Dennis was still
living here you wouldn't be hanging help
me right now because you're only
Dennis's replacement where's my car oh
what's your theory for a car how do you
know if a car is working good I'm
guessing if you wait on the car and
you're shorter than the car then it
works yeah but it has to be you if a
vegetarian lays on a BMW i8 and the
vegetarian is shorter then no I mean the
top yeah okay then you don't want my car
to work you're not a true friend this is
all we miss Dennis hashtag bring down
his back I just don't understand what
happened to the car like it was working
perfectly this morning you want to know
how I know because when I left the gym
after playing basketball
wait Jay how come you didn't say
anything when I said you want to know
how I know wait how do you know Thanks
because I left the gym this morning
after playing basketball and I had to go
home and so I looked at the time to see
what time it was so it was working this
morning after the gym well hopefully it
works this what wait how did you fix it
well my wife I didn't do anything but
sleep I didn't do anything but it works
look I can see how fast I'm going
I see how hot it is outside but we had
to get the AC works it now please look
the time is right here the screen is
brighter it feels like I just got a new
car bro maybe now it won't hit the other
car hey I'm cold
what's freezing Oh so what was that all
about
I don't know that's weird guys I was
stressing I was like how so I was
literally upstairs watching I'm not
gonna say what I was watching you guys
already know what I was watching like
out of nowhere I just got this really
big candy craving I was like yo I need
candy like I got the biggest sweet tooth
so
go the freaking speed limit for bumps is
five miles per hour not zero look look
guys look look if we can slow you
freakin dumbass but guys look two miles
per frickin hour okay guys I'll pull up
the CVS to get my candy right and I see
a parking spot right here reserved
freaking look how lazy people are in
2018 curbside pickup only so I'm
guessing you order stuff from CVS and
you park you don't even get out of your
car and you text them and they bring it
out to you I mean that's smart but
that's so lazy yo it's literally like
five steps to go in there I don't know
guys 2018 and the world is lazy
okay guys from here at CVS by myself and
look you might be saying Brandon oh I
don't know why it's so weird to me
vlogging in public like whenever I see
someone I'm just like oh hey okay
anyways guys if you're wondering why I
have a shopping cart I'm only getting
like a few pieces of candy but I just
feel so official when I'm freaking like
you know holding the shopping cart feel
mature like a dad oh this is the best
when you're talking to someone on the
phone wait how is my pushing the car oh
yeah honey I'll get the groceries um
what did we need to get yeah we needed
old a shampoo yeah I'll get it alright
call you back come back why that's why I
have a shopping cart and I think I just
embarrassed myself in front of all these
workers why is there a herd of workers a
freaking stampede of workers all in the
aisle that I need something
smells good huh you can never go wrong
with some green apple some green kaboosh
uh as we would say in my language never
mind you could go wrong with some green
solution oh here are the baby wives guys
if you just wipe your tush with toilet
paper after you go poop then you're
doing it wrong if you don't use baby
wipes like you don't understand it feels
so good okay I need to make sure nobody
hears me say this cuz it's a funny joke
but it's weird a baby wipe a day keeps
the rash from the tush away hey I feel
like I can I can make him better oh I
thought they're gonna say something
about the joke a baby a baby wipe a day
keeps the book rash away oh and by the
way before the broad squad like
literally stops using toilet paper I
don't mean you only use baby wipes I
mean you use the toilet paper and then
you do one baby wipe at the end the baby
wipe is like dessert so the toilet paper
is it's like your meal you have to eat
your food and then there's a small
dessert at the end which is one baby
wife you can't do too much baby wife
guys like you can't do the whole wipe
with baby wipes you can't do that yo
what's good bro
I had to take a little pee break I left
my shopping car out there if someone
took my shopping cart when I come out
I'll kill somebody because look I know I
said that when they came here for candy
but I actually got a lot more things so
someone stole
Oh still there so I'll be back after I
go pee until then freakin freak CVS what
the Freak how do you not have mint
chocolate chip
imagine I'm like the only person in the
world who likes it I probably am but
still freak like who created me like who
invented me like oh where did I come
from like look so I came here for a
couple pieces of candy right so you
would imagine maybe I'd walk out with
this maybe okay maybe one more okay
how's this for a change one two three
four five six seven bags of candy two
bags of chips two Gatorades
one soda one water French onion dip oh
you know I had to get the oil wives
because my face is a freaking like a
frying pan where you could cook eggs on
it non-stop 24-hour breakfast freaking
body wash baby wipes face wash shampoo I
bought the whole damn store yo this
right now it's like heaven I don't know
why okay am I gonna lie just in case you
guys catch me I already opened this
before I started filming because I was
so hungry for candy I should have put a
warning on screen if you have a sweet
tooth
do not continue watching freak I don't
even know what to eat next you didn't
care about my shampoo and my freaking
body wash and all that I left those in
the car I ran down so I can come eat
these I'm instantly gonna wake up with a
cavity a hundred percent but forget the
cavity I'm instantly gonna wake up and
I'm gonna have ten cavities I'm gonna
have to get a root canal I'm gonna have
to get braces again I'm gonna have to
get my wisdom teeth pulled out yo guys
I'm just sitting here right now going
crazy
what do you call when you eat too much
candy he's just going crazy and I'm
checking my Instagram and look guys nine
hundred and fifteen thousand followers
so close to 1 million Instagram
followers oh and look still not verified
I don't even ask don't even ask
don't like don't even freakin it though
I don't know I really don't know I just
I don't know what it is like what
Instagram has against me maybe Instagram
just doesn't like Phoenix country
I don't know but uh yeah if you're still
watching this late into the video I
freakin love you guys I don't know how
you're still watching this late because
I'm a freaking boring individual and all
I do is talk talk talk talk talk talk
well here's some more talking guys
please if you have not already hit that
follow button on instagram i'm so close
to 1 million followers and my birthday
is coming up in a couple months and i
would want nothing more for my birthday
then i want two things you know what i
want two things for my birthday from you
guys
number one I want that one Millie I want
1 million Instagram followers and number
2 do you see where it says 2.7 million
youtube subs I want that to say 3
million that's what I want you know I'm
not asking for 2 simple things hit that
follow button on Instagram and hit that
subscribe button on YouTube if you have
not already if you already follow me on
Instagram and if you already follow me
on YouTube then I don't want anything
more from you for my birthday you've
already done it I freaking love you guys
and honestly sitting here looking at
these numbers freaking 915,000 and the
2.7 million YouTube sells like ok you
see that first word in my Instagram bio
that says blessed that is truly how I
feel when I look at those numbers like
yo 915,000 IG followers 2.7 million
YouTube's like you guys are crazy you
guys are crazy you guys are amazing you
guys are freaking loyal you guys are the
best
and I just can't believe like you guys
showed me so much support and I love you
guys so much for that I can never repay
you for that I can never thank you
enough just thank you so much like
there's a reason that that's the first
thing in my bio and it says blessed and
there's a reason I always remind myself
I'm so blessed and it's because of you
guys that's why so thank you so much for
doing that I swear it means so much to
me just ah I freaking love you guys I
love you guys
I can never ever find the right word
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
