what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka virata's and today I'm starting my
video up in my apartment I noticed I
don't log in here too much so let me
just give you guys one quick rundown
okay here it is so anyways guys you know
so you know I've been living on my own
for about a week now and you know it's
been it's been a transition now there's
one thing that I've had to get used to
usually when I was living with my mom my
dad I would wake up every morning and
there would be food on the table my mom
would be cooking or my dad would be
making breakfast and I'll come down and
I'll start eating now living alone you
know you're gonna learn how to cook my
mom isn't gonna walk in through these
doors and making breakfast my dad isn't
gonna come in and cook eggs that's not
gonna happen
so you got to learn how to cook on your
own and today I'm going to be making
myself some breakfast so
so this meal is actually one that I've
been cooking ever since I was a little
kid and this one is one that I like so
I'm going to be cooking it for myself
today mom when you watch this I know
you're gonna be proud of me because I've
learned how to cook something that's not
really easy to cook this is something
tough to cook and I know a lot of chefs
out there wish they do have to make this
meal but some people say only brats can
make it so we're gonna have to turn the
stove on this one requires high heat so
we're gonna turn it all the way to hide
oh and for all the smoke that's gonna
come out we're gonna turn on the fan we
got to turn on the air fan put it a
little lower so it doesn't mess with the
audio you see the stove is heating up
what's next oh you need some extra Brian
olive oil you can't forget this and of
course some of this one in there okay oh
I got extra Brian's oil all over my
fingers which is good because I missed
Brian so I could use some of this oil on
my fingers that probably came out wrong
but I don't care cuz Brian I missed you
and I love you so you got to make sure
the food doesn't overheat on some minced
onions
and you can't forget hold on guys you
cannot forget the me that went all over
the stove all over the stove I cleaned
it last night speaking of things you got
to do when you live alone you gotta
clean all the countertops and it's not
fun but I did it last night and what do
I decide to do today I've had to be an
idiot and still salt all over the
freakin anyways guys you know while the
food is cooking we're gonna let
everything ring saying I don't want to
tell you guys what it is like I said
it's top secret not everybody knows how
to cook this and some people like my mom
and Jackie they say only Broadus knows
how to cook this meal so I'm not gonna
show you what it is just know that it
tastes super super good and you know
living on your own you got to learn how
to cook yourself anyways while the food
is cooking you already know uploading a
video you got to let that upload while
your food is cooking I heard if the
video is uploading and it's like this
close to the food then it makes the food
actually tastes better
what so I always leave my laptop here
while I'm cooking and if my big nose are
smelling correctly yeah you can't get
anything wrong with this nose this nose
could smell from miles and miles away I
could smell what's going on in a
different country right now so if you
guys need to know what's going on with
North Korea and all that shit I get all
the news ahead of time so I could smell
what's going on with this nose but
anyways it sounds like the food it's a
slow roast so we're gonna take it up and
show you guys what I cook hopefully I
didn't wake all the neighbors up because
I'm telling you the smell of this meal
is so good and so strong I'm gonna have
everybody in this building drooling
honestly I was thinking about opening up
my own restaurant you know after YouTube
died soundings of the whole had pasta
lips and everything that's going on
YouTube
after YouTube dies out I was thinking
about starting my own restaurant opening
it up and only serving this one special
meal and it's time to show you guys what
this special meal is I just don't know
if you guys are ready for this I mean if
you're hungry I don't think you should
be watching you know you might want to
close your mouth because it's gonna
start to drool but but what is special
meal do Shh hey Bosley so uh yeah if you
can't tell this whole cooking thing
after you move out it kind of takes some
time to get used to it's kind of hard so
I've been eating cereal for breakfast
but honestly Palouse is not bad okay I'm
not gonna lie I forgot to buy milk when
I bought this cereal so when I came home
I saw that Jackie had some I don't know
50 calorie light almond milk and I put
it in the cereal for some reason I
thought it would taste the same but um
yeah he doesn't really taste the same
it's not as good as regular milk but you
guys you know what it's time yeah I need
to go play basketball you know my videos
doing uploading in our oh he's a weak
Dennis how's your morning shit it's time
to go play yes sir
yeah brah he texted everyone I got one
together don't worry look at Dennis bro
when he came here I used to have to
force him to come I just have to wake
him up and die bro let's go play
everybody's waitin and now look at him
he's waking up saying yeah let's go play
basketball it's crazy I can convince
people to love basketball but just like
I'm sure for a lot of you guys I'm sure
you guys didn't like basketball and then
you started watching my videos and I got
like them oh hold on I forgot to even
get to the point if you're wondering why
Dennis's air mattress is on my floor and
he is sleeping in my place it's because
I never even really got him the
apartment it was just for the video so
now you know we're exposed we're caught
he moved all this stuff back here and
huh
oh yeah he got evicted because why bro
you brought too many girls over there's
a limit now if you're one who's what the
hell do I still have to do with Dennis
sleeping in my room it's because shout
out the I hate that around so I'm gonna
call somebody up and see if they'd be
down last night I called Dennis on my
yellow row you trying to have a
sleepover so he brought his air mattress
from across the hall we cooked some
steak do God's timing about our
sleepover hey don't even like how was a
steak what about the sausage guys you
know Jackie couldn't spend the night so
I'm like I need a Jackie replacement for
the night and uh I got the replacement
he didn't do everything that like Jackie
would do but he did some of the things
so I can't complain guys I'm gonna kill
someone
yesterday I cleaned all the countertops
I cleaned the stove and everything and I
spilled salt all over the thing that's
all yeah bro I was trying to do like the
guy that wears a white shirt and could
wait what do you eat salt for the
frosted flakes
boy you ever sleeping over again this is
what Dennis wakes up shoot basketball
time I told them I said when you first
came here I used to have to force you to
wake up and call your name a million
times
and now look at you you're so excited to
go play you're awake you're ready
it's crazy what being with robot is for
two months could do smells a lot got a
permanent cough
again you should think it was my dog
this hoop is still broken look at the
glass
they haven't even picked up the glass
off before I swear I asked the world
Carm I do I'm gonna volunteer and pick
it up he's like nah it's okay we're
gonna have people coming in tomorrow so
we're only playing half full right now
we got a couple people I'm out of breath
some super freaking out of energy but I
don't know who dumped it this hard
hey Jay why'd you dunk so hard why'd you
dunk it so hard now I just fight we
don't know who done it but someone broke
the freakin who I'm pretty sure was
marquise Chris Lake Griffin someone like
that romuald man take away the police
right now please hey they own smoothies
where you go you're trying to get away
and we played for smoothies he wants me
to take away Dennis's home cuz then it's
miss away Oh
how many he missed like five guys we
were playing for a smoothie so everybody
was trying their ass off their bomb
smoothies here and we ended up winning
and who made the game winner off justice
past oh yeah you see we came back
hey bro they were gonna fix the hoop
tomorrow but Romel check Chuck the ball
out it's so hard it's probably gonna
take a extra week to fix now
and it was Beto's ball they still make
him buy you a new ball and a ball
smoothie and a new basketball I'll take
a strawberry banana you want me to show
it in the vlog yo guys no
when Mel gave me his card he thinks I'm
really only buying a smoothie did you
see all the new like hey bro Mel gave me
his card I'm buying the new NBA jersey
night the sun's came out with new
jerseys I'm buying me a book Irwin Josh
Jackson I'm not only buying a smoothie
you know what guys I felt bad so I got
well most smoothie of his own go
surprise him with it he's working right
now that's why he's sitting on his iPad
row mall put your business call on the
side I got you smooth go handsome when
you're at Warwick Bowl you want your
card back I got me the new Devin Booker
Phoenix Suns Jersey and a Josh Jackson
one okay guys so I'm back from the gym
back from playing basketball and look
who decided to show up and surprise me
oh not you didn't it's enough of you in
the vlogs bro it is Bob the Builder
thank you so much let's test it Wow oh
you think water is free around here what
who's paying the water bill here no dad
it's actually really good guys I
mentioned to my dad the other day he
asked me how the apartment was he asked
me how living alone was I told him
everything's cool it's really cool the
only thing the showerhead is like really
weak I just threw it out there I just
said it like something small and my dad
comes and surprised me with a new shower
head so that you can shower in there if
you want yeah yeah guys I have the best
dad I swear I didn't even tell him oh
can you come over and bring a shower
head or anything like that I swear all
he said was hey Brina how do you like
the place and I just threw out there
like Oh everything's cool the showerhead
is kind of weak you know ha ha just like
something like that the very next day he
comes and shows up with a showerhead dad
I don't know if you wanted to fix my
showerhead or maybe you just missed me
so you wanted to come see me
but thanks for coming I appreciate it
and the water is coming out really
strong so thank you Dad just keep your
certificate handy the one free shower
here and you can use it whenever you
want
okay you want treat you want to go for a
walk yeah I'll take you for a walk okay
close your eyes close your eyes
I know I know a burden I'm sorry sorry
about
oh hey yeah hey may I see you over there
yeah I'll just clean my thing obviously
not talking to the paint or anything
cause it's fake obviously it has no like
feelings
oh yeah Bob Lee no are you okay you want
them to the bed oh I mean um yeah it's
just a painting it's obviously whatever
you got to keep the place clean guys and
I know my mom watches my video so I
gotta make her proud mom don't worry
I've been washing dishes I've been
cleaning the table the countertops
washing my clothes drying my clothes all
right mom I'm left this on the floor
okay you know what I don't know if it's
OCD or what but it's bothering me that
this is not inside so anyways guys I
think my place is kind of rounding into
shape so we added this this morning a
little recliner chair me and my dad and
Dennis brought that home and I liked it
I think it fits perfectly and it's super
big and you could still see the TV from
there then I went out and bought this
lamp set this one up and look speed up
gas pedal gas pedal gas pedal gas pedal
gas it's crazy how right when I moved in
this place was empty it was just carpet
that's it and in a matter of days or
maybe a week me my dad Janice Jackie my
mom we all put in a bunch of hours of
work and now the place looks like this I
love it it's crazy look who's back
I didn't even have think Oh which car
did you take is you really Becky nope
he made it easy for me to know he's back
because he has both of his cars outside
and because he posted a snapchat story
that I saw so I am here to come see my
dog Bosley just joking Brian and Bosley
empty living room oh here are Brian's
stuff so I know he's back for sure and
my mom and dad aren't home either I
wanted to thank my dad again for putting
my showerhead empty house so far imagine
penny was just
I would literally shit myself like the
shit would be all over here right now oh
there's mine but I want the real one
can't seem to find any but Oh both to
suit where'd you come from Bosley Bosley
why don't you ever answer me both it's
like I'm talking to a wall Hey look at
you and look at your eye boogers Brian
didn't let you wipe them on him when he
came back from LA let me see your eye
booger you see you're embarrassed you
want to show it on camera
rug rat you're back
good how are you my clock game it's
rubbing off that's crazy
Brian I joined the cloud King guys it's
official that's the crazy part you know
I be living like I know I moved out so
like I'm already used to not not living
with the family but like you going I
don't know it's just I'm gonna be back a
lot yeah I know gonna be like like more
than a few like yeah something like that
yeah guys that's what Brian was telling
me he said like he's gonna move into the
cloud house pretty much but he's still
gonna be over here spending time with
the family so horse you already know at
least I'm still gonna be seeing Brian
but it's just crazy like so much change
happening in the past like in like one
month like not even a month ago I had
the thought of like moving house not
even school you have the thought of
moving out on yeah not a month ago we
were thought of selling this house like
a month like three huge things happen
damp wait that's crazy
literally one month ago today if you
asked us we were settled into this house
nobody had any plans of moving or
anything and now like four weeks later I
moved out with Jackie or on my own
however you want to look at it Brian's
gonna move out with like rice gum banks
among others my mom and dad are looking
for a new place that's so crazy so much
change is happening like buzzy what do
you plan on doing I know Bosley you're
gonna move out oh you want to move out
no but Brian I I didn't know you were
coming home today I saw your snapchat
and I saw you two cars outside I was
like oh shit rug rats bag my stuff soon
but I want to spend like a lot of time
Oh before you go you have to spend one
night in my apartment me you and Jackie
in the bed Jackie gotta go for one day
me and my brother need to have once
people we should actually do that one
before you go Bosley you want food
come on I'll put you food I haven't seen
you in so long
I'll put you food and then you can wipe
all your eye boogers on me just make
sure you don't wipe them like around
mine look at me call myself some
breakfast now I'm cooking you Brian
forget to feed you because you don't
have enough clout yeah I know it's okay
yeah you know okay
Bosley how about you move with me to the
apartment you want that let me see your
teeth Bosley I think you need braces
smile
okay Bosley so your food is ready one
and a half cups of nasty-ass dog food
plus some chicken ala mode but before
you get it you got to give me five good
boy and you gotta say it no don't say no
sit Bosley that's not sick come on say
it okay you're not gonna say go take the
food nobody likes you nobody cares about
you to eat your food I'm here with my
brother obviously another night and I'm
just here to pretty much so I guys
because I know a lot of people love like
watching the basketball videos and you
guys obviously love wouldn't be and my
brother played together not only do you
guys love watching it but I love playing
with my brother on the corner who gives
you the most passes I use every time
like whenever I go on the air to pass
the ball I always look for my brother
like shooting a three and I love when my
brother makes a big shot I go to his ear
and I just yell somewhere I feel like
well I'm here to tell you guys that
since my brother is moving to the cloud
house even though it's not permanent
like he said he's still gonna be here a
bunch but like there's no way for him to
know exactly which days he's gonna be
here or like which games he's gonna be
able to play in or not play in and in
this league you can't officially sign up
for the team unless like you know you're
gonna make a certain amount of games and
sadly my brother does not know exactly
I'm gonna be back so my brother will not
be playing with us
I seize it and like it sucks I love like
just me and Brian telling to the Oh what
time's the game today oh yeah I know I
had actually look forward to them yeah
and we used to like say oh well we
playing let's win this game we yeah we
were just it would be really really fun
and after the game we would just talk
about how many did you score how many
did I score remember that past that play
so it sucks
uh you guys saw Justin earlier in the
video he's gonna be taking Brian's spa
and I mean I'm happy because of that
because Justin's one of my close friends
I played basketball over there every
single day so I'm already used to his
game he's used to my game so that's
gonna be cool but it's nothing like
playing with your brother so I'm gonna
miss Brian on the court I'm not gonna
lie and was such the most is that we
didn't even make the playoffs this past
season because obviously that last
qualifying game we lost by Brian George
Aaron how like I was like because I
remember you telling me about it and I
saw the video and I'm like we do the
travel Brian yes Oh hundred percent yeah
his feet we're on the ground before he
let go get and but what about also the
shot when he caught like my god God
pretty much we didn't make the playoffs
based off a buzzer-beater three we
missed the playoffs by three points and
it sucks that was Brian's last season if
I knew that was Brian's last season out
of like I try my ass off every single
game and I try my heart out every game
but I would have like made sure we made
it to the playoffs just for Brian's last
season but who knows maybe like you'll
get a schedule for sure like between a
body here and the next season like the
season actually you could play or I can
even like fill in games we'll see you
guys anyway I just want to tell you guys
so that was the season starts in four
days on Tuesday or five days four days
so I just didn't want a bunch of
comments being like Oh where's Brooke
why isn't he playing trust me I wish he
could play it I'm sure he wishes he had
play it's always fun yeah but we'll see
what just a just you've got a lot of
pressure do you know how this guy shoots
do you know how many threes he makes
against ins better than yeah but you
shoot better than Justin you know really
Brian you have a nice shot my brother a
sweet stroke this is my shot yeah it's
on shore but it goes in just like me
yeah so anyways god I hope you look
forward to the basketball video still
with Brian this season's gonna be
dedicated to you okay
this season is going to be for bright
literally like you guys should get in a
huddle before every game and safe for
Brian on three look you three from
Ryan's you see what you see photo god
yeah
that leave okay I so I'm gonna make
brother in the basketball court I just
had to break the news to you guys not
only am I gonna miss him on the
basketball court but I'm gonna miss him
like just seeing him all the time in
general I'm gonna miss coming back here
to visit my family and then only seeing
my mom dad and Bosley not Bryan it's
gonna it's gonna be weird but obviously
whatever makes my brother happy whatever
is better for him and I get sitting here
Bryan don't go because I would be
selfish and I want to see my brother but
at the end of the day it's his choice I
support him whatever he does and just
like me I had to grow up bronzed growing
up - so I'm growing up like at a younger
age you know yeah but there's people up
here that I grow up at like the age of
16 and like move out on their own right
when they hit 18 so I mean I was
planning on staying here honestly till I
was at least 23 so like it's huge I feel
like I'm still a little baby like that's
again know things just happened trust me
Brian I didn't think I was moving out
that soon either but dude you're old
you're 22 like you can live on your own
like stop living with your parents do
yeah so that's probably you so old you
still live with your parents grow up oh
oh I heard mama rug mobs your home Oh
guys I just want to say that it's
probably such a hard time wait let me
guess first of all my dad's watching
family feud
of course first a couple weeks ago I
move out then now Brian makes a decision
to move out so mom honestly I kept my
word to it that I told you when I moved
out I would still see you every single
day promise me twice a week faze rug if
you're watching your brother's video
twice a week okay so let's see if Brian
keeps his promise he promises that he'll
be back here with my parents at least
two days a week
let's see Brian you better keep that
promise just like I did dad thanks for
doing the shower head I already took a
shower was a lot better yeah it was good
yo guys
here to close out today's video pretty
much by saying that just talking about
all this like my brother movie and just
everything that's went on in the past
month
I respect my mom and got so much more
like it shows how strong of a woman my
mom is and how strong the other man my
dad is you know they just fight it's not
easy for two kids to move out pretty
much at the same time if they're dealing
with it really really well they're doing
a good job at hiding their emotions
I say hiding their emotions because I
know they're set I know they're sad but
they don't want to see me and my brother
upset so they play it off like they're
happy they play it off like you know all
it's okay go have fun
do what makes you happy but I know my
parents are you know they're sad so
it'll take some time for them to get
useful but I respect them so much ask
for Brian like there's my little brother
the fact that he's he's growing up like
it's crazy I'm you surprised being this
big and he's like just being my little
little brother the fact that he's moving
I know it's crazy like I pretty much
told him he's growing up becoming even
more of a man than like he was and it's
just crazy I don't know guys so you know
I told him like anything he needs just
to call me ask me and it's crazy a lot
of change it's happening in this family
and I'm glad that you guys are with us
every step of the way it's crazy how you
guys care so much about what my family's
doing that you guys watch our videos you
cared so much and supported me when I
moved and now I was looking at the
comments on my brother's videos and you
guys are right there with him for his
big move and you guys are asking how my
parents are doing it's crazy that like
we have the support of so many millions
of people it's just crazy thank you guys
so much you don't even know but you
helped me out a lot with your support
you helped my brother out you helped my
parents out my mom she always like talks
about you guys crazy and I love you guys
for that other than that guys kind of a
weird day seeing my brother for the
first time in so long talking about him
moving out you know my dad surprised me
it's just like so many emotions so many
different emotions but now it's time to
go back to my apartment probably get
some sleep because it's getting late I
hope you guys enjoyed this video sorry
if I'm a little like and not
enthusiastic it just it just kind of hit
me all at once like my girlfriend's
going through something my parents my
brother I don't know guys it's just a
weird time but thank you guys so much
for being there with me and I appreciate
all you guys so so much
anyways Brandon here aka bruh Wallace
I'm out
