who won dad oh this looks like a mixtape
cover let me see
mom scoot a little to the side for more
angles yeah there's a mixtape dad tell
them the truth who won and around the
world playing basketball I did that why
do you have to lie for the video I don't
lie to my fans I'm just joking guys my
dad actually won my dad hasn't played
basketball in so long and he comes steps
on the court and he beats me and Dennis
in around the world yeah guys I see
Brandon more at the house now then I
seen him before
listen first of all when I moved I
promised my mom and dad I would still
try to see them every single day and
I've seen you every single day that I
moved I'm not gonna come here for one
week and we'll get my mom's reaction
after that caution that video will be
emotional no mom and not to be a party
pooper but the other reason I'm back
here so often is on the hoop at LA
Fitness where I play basketball is
broken so I can't really play basketball
anywhere else except for right here so I
used my dad's basketball hoop since okay
how much is our month
Dennis you could stay in the car be out
in like five seconds okay guys tell me
what you think about this hold on first
of all I think the pod squad misses
seeing you in the videos okay guys dad
mom check this out so I think I'm gonna
do a prank on Dennis you know how like I
got in the apartment you guys are on all
the furniture and stuff yeah they wanna
do a frame telling him that I never
really look I feel bad what am I gonna
stop they're the ones who put one you
guys just pranked me like last week
hypocrites
hey Oh Chris I know you know what I'm
gonna tell him guys
I'll do a full intro like at my place
but I'm pretty much gonna tell him that
I only said that I bought him that
apartment for a video so that like I
could make myself look good and it was
never true and we're gonna get his
reaction so mom dad about to go do that
it was good seeing you guys today
dad love you too the Souder is saying
two minutes ago
dad I'll come back to beat you this I
think I let you win because watch the
Frog this mole no I think I let you win
I lost okay guys I'll see you soon bye
they thought they could get away from me
that's why I still have a garage opener
come back here whenever I want to go to
your new place yeah I miss it are there
any haunted ghost experiences or no not
yet I'm gonna sleep like a baby I told
the girl down the leasing manager to
give me the most haunted and the most
ghosts one imagines I said that watch
it's gonna happen to me tonight in my
apartment just watch hey bro you're home
cool can I go home
bo I don't know if I can make it home
like it's such a long walk like yeah
please walk me home bro it's kind of far
all right let's go
almost there Dennis thanks for coming
with me boats a really really long walk
oh I'm home bro thanks yeah well alright
Peace Center yeah back home guys and
look my walls are still like completely
empty I'm still waiting to bring all my
Phoenix Suns decoration I doubt I'll put
all my son's decoration in the living
room wall because my mom and dad would
probably kill me I'll most likely end up
putting some over here anyways the one
decoration I do have right now is the
love of my life oh wait that's not
Jackie the other love of my life Bosley
I have two love's Bosley's Jackie
actually have more of my brother my mom
my dad well we got the Bosley's one
right here I think I'm gonna actually
put that one up here I think that would
be funny but anyways what is going on in
here
aka waters and today I am ready to
execute my first prank in my new home or
my new apartment whatever you want to
call it so in case you missed my video
like a couple days ago I surprised my
best friend Dennis with a brand new
apartment completely paid off for the
whole entire year I will be making the
payments I'll be paying for everything
the furniture is covered by me and my
family in today's video what I'm going
to be telling you is that you know hey
Dennis you
it's cool that you thought I actually
got to an apartment but in reality I
only got to it for one month so you know
you only have I don't know what's today
today is September 20th so you only got
about 10 more days and then you gotta
get out and I'm pretty much gonna be
telling him that I only did it for the
video I'm gonna tell I'm gonna act like
a douche so for everybody who knows or
watches a lot of my videos do you guys
know that when I do pranks I've turned
into the biggest douchebag I pretty much
like I'm a dick when I do pranked and
that's because I try to get the best
reaction for you guys if I do a prank to
somebody and I'm all nice or like I'm
very sympathetic then I feel like
they're not gonna give me a good react
but in order to make good prank or you
guys and give you guys the best content
I always turn into the biggest douchebag
when it comes to pranks so if you're
watching this and you don't really know
who I am or you haven't seen a lot of my
videos I'm not really a douchebag trust
me I'm not a bad person I'm not mean I'm
only doing this to get the best reaction
out of Dennis for you guys anyways he is
showering right now and in a little bit
I'm going to call him over into my place
and pretty much be like yo Dennis I hope
you didn't get too comfortable in your
new apartment because once it hit
September 30th that apartments done and
you're not going to be keeping any more
so I gotta turn into douchebag Brandon
really quick and other than that guys I
hope you enjoy the rest of this video
I'm a little nervous I don't know where
to place the camera I've never done a
prank in here I might be using two
cameras by the way because I don't know
where this is gonna take place but I'll
figure all that out and then we are
going to call Dennis over into the room
hey guys hi my only be using one camera
because I found a super good spot so I'm
gonna tell him to sit on the couch and I
feel like there's a really good spot if
you can't tell look cannot see at all
look at this and then here it's actually
right there so I feel like there's a
really good angle I'm only gonna be
using one camera and I'm extremely
nervous I'm not gonna lie I always get
nervous before I do paint but then once
I get myself like in the groove I guess
and I lose all my jitters and it just
becomes something cool douche bag
Brandon it's on so yeah about it call
Dennis you know let me just call him and
tell him to get in the room I'm about to
give Dennis a call and he has no idea
what's coming
oh hey baby yo Dennis are you done
showering all right well you're gonna
come over after right before we go to
Target to get the stuff can we just have
a quick talk just like a quick one I
promise yeah I both just come over when
you're done
peace well I could tell Dennis was a bad
child growing up because when I said
should we have a talk he acted like it
was normal assign those parents was
giving him talks all the time but
anyways guys let me set the camera up
well it's already set up let me just
have a recording and then we are good to
go
I bring you more why don't you my dad
was actually doing good please put
tournament well okay you want to charge
your phone now you can sit I actually
need you to sit if you don't mind so how
do you like your place you like it yeah
you know kind of hoping you would give
me a different answer honestly
what do you mean demand you want me to
like my place I mean usually I would
wish you love your place obviously
getting a place for my best friend is
huge but in this case I hope you said
you didn't like here something like that
honestly but honestly you know me we've
been friends for a long time I'm not one
to like beat around the bush or lead
people on so I'm just gonna get straight
into it well first of all tell me have
you gotten my comfortable the place or
you're not too comfortable yet so if you
were to have to lead you wouldn't mind I
want to leave you mean you you saw me
like fixing all my shit on okay
bronze/ebony Strega this is hard to tell
you because obviously like I saw you
crying like tears and I saw
happy you were all that but that
apartment isn't yours
the apartment isn't mine well if you
want me to get into detail get into
detail but I don't want to do that
because I want you to think really love
me but pretty much you just want simple
virgins straight up the opponent is not
yours then whose is it why am I in there
occasionally until you do okay good I'm
glad you brought up the video so you've
been with me first so long ago you've
been staying at my house and you've hung
around me for so long
how hard is it for me to come up with
video ideas how many times how many
hours a day do I just sit and like pull
my hair I'm trying to think of a video
idea today most of my day so that day
and I want you to get mad I want you to
think differently I mean I hope you know
like I just couldn't think of anything
so that day I couldn't think of anything
you know how much I love my fans so here
this is this will make you understand
and I even get mad I love my fans so
much I didn't want to skip a upload so
what I did you know I needed a video
idea I couldn't think of one so I just
said that I got you a place so that was
just for a video I wonder why you're
singing like that you should think about
ass I didn't want to upset my fans so I
guess I don't believe something then
because I know you wouldn't do some
really good listen bro the way that like
you're talking to me what it isn't
wasting your time so imma see no see
that's how I was doing the way you
talked to me it seems like you think I'm
messing with your I'm joking with you
and I wish I was that's the thing I wish
I was mm-hmm okay guys okay listen
whoa you're making me feel bad because
the way you're thinking it's a joke it's
gonna it's gonna make it even numbers I
know how much you hate people that do
stuff like that really do want video on
the channel you wouldn't I know
exactly I never faked like I hate people
who think video that it's really Bo but
just this one time
exactly see that's why you probably
don't believe me cuz you've been with me
so long you know I don't think okay but
if you win it like if you never brought
up giving me a
I wouldn't care I would never expect
something like that from you like I
would never say oh why wouldn't you get
me a place like I would have been back
to going home you know I have my family
now I would have found another way
hopefully to get here but well that's
why I feel bad like because I know that
if I didn't make that video you've had a
chance to go back with your family and
you know you were going to talk to them
and you were still gonna come back here
so I feel bad that I am going back to
work and stuff did and you know I just
had my application I had my interview
today and I'm gonna go to my second term
I'm not gonna go to that well you got a
second interview for your job here yeah
both just wanna know if I'm going to
that now just tell the guy that like I
got you a place in what space where you
want to place them and cancel you say
okay so just go back to Arizona mean Fig
what they believed was mined Blake for
how long
listen I got the first month so if you
think if you think about it bro it
wasn't even bad if you think about it
except temporary xx right is it
September 20s today yeah okay so you
still have till the end of the month
roll look Alex I'm telling you now so
you sell have a long time to you know go
places gonna go back home announcer why
you stopped ten days I paid the whole
ten days I paid for one month so when
they're completely fake I pay for Tenma
I mean one month go
download tinder go ahead and please Bo
I'll hit up someone else well get your
that's where Bo just go and buy somebody
I'm not trying to be no for real though
I didn't know what I could buy
going-away party no I'm not joking no so
I know what I have to do oh here here's
my other option honestly here what if
you take over the payments and you start
paying for it I know it's like expensive
but what if you tell the guy that gave
you the job and if you tell them I need
everything that you're gonna pay me over
the next year just give it to me I'm
fine I promise I'll show up to work when
doesn't work like that go Bo I've worked
for jobs before I started a you tell me
give me the money up front no I don't
tell but I'm sure I had a connection
with my boss
tell them they would do it go I just not
know how to sweet-talk well just go
through him say listen man like all the
money right now please boss well you're
not I'm not gonna get mad you because
all of you and your family done for me
but I just didn't expect some stuff like
that like from human angle and I expect
you to post a video like that because
you I know you don't lie like that
but Dennis you're making this harder
than it is Bo just I know you saw I know
school this was actually funny so you
know I got you that air mattress and I
told you it was just temporary cuz I
have a badge for you coming in there was
no bed I just said that for the video
you're not gonna say you're okay what
are your family the same when I'm well
just tell if I depend on you to go back
home I'm not and I know you don't mind
anyways I'm gonna go while you're
thinking of all this though it's just
one time roll one you're gonna lie again
whenever well no bro no just just tell
your parents to actually tell you to
come back both oh and remember I told
you how my family ordered the dressers
and everything that it was just for the
video room I don't get you bro
like I wouldn't care if like none of
this happened like the whole apartment
thing whatever I never expect that but
well and you know I have my interview
coming up bottom and oh familiar with
that interview no because if what's the
point of getting Abril to go back to
work how this we're gonna throw the base
going-away party hey we made by
everything but all my friends all your
friends from Ayres want to tell it to
come they're gonna come we're gonna
learn a little party I'm gonna get my
slope and I have to go back when the end
of the month you know whenever I'm just
gonna get my stuff and go bro Mike a lot
of their whitening madbull I'm not
getting mad but like like I'm not mad at
you obviously cuz all everything well
yeah listen just put this I needed a
video you know why'd you tell me sue you
know what I mean you will sit there you
know jack up so I'll think of a video
yeah but on the system with a better
idea and honestly if we're being honest
if this video blew up and got me like 20
million views I would have kept that
apartment for you
get off the rest of the year for real
but the fact that's where you test it
out on the video though I'm not gonna
lie but I don't know how many use it I'm
not sure how many to use it God so
honestly at that point I'll let you know
this video didn't do good he's out a
month and I'm not I'm not trying to me
bro there's so much I don't like it's
like laughing I'm not laughing I just
think you're making it harder than it is
but let's go have a party you can invite
a girl I'll be here with jacket that you
could out you gotta go to your place go
show her over the place tips on the air
mattress lay down the air mattress I've
never tried loconut bar with a mattress
exercise Everage fun you're gonna have
it when they go back one thing how about
you just ask your boss for all the money
up front both random doesn't work like
that bro you don't all want to stay here
but it doesn't work like that boat I
just feel bad cuz you cried bull well
I'll be that's my reaction when it
happened
there's no way like you'd want to start
selling drugs or selling your body on
the street or anything I don't get away
we can hurt you okay we told me whatever
we were joking if I'm not joking I'm
serious strippers make so much money and
it's under the table you're not gonna
report taxes all my stripper government
here's my taxes so you get all the money
Bo unlike me me my brother my dad we all
pay taxes okay family will be a sugar
and paid for this appointment
you couldn't you really wanted to
something why you're saying it as a joke
you think there's a joke here how about
I'm gonna do ro you don't want I mean
used is pretty much your mind to say so
you don't a party you want me to let it
go how about you just give me the key
right now we'll take it if you want to
go home and go home that's fine once I
get my stuff I'll give it to you bro
no want the key back I go get my stuff
how about this my final offer if you I
feel bad my final offer
no I hold on I feel bad you get your
stuff you move into my place the couch
is your couple thousand bucks a month
usually boy you're just making it a joke
again I'm not making a joke you come
here the counselors I'll get you the
blanket on me you buy the pillow you
have to go I'll get you the blanket
what's a fair price for the cops to
3000 and you could say with me and
Jackie might as well we'll get another
apartment see you're smart well that's
why I believe even though this apartment
isn't really yours you're gonna make in
life goal because you're smart think
mm-hmm so if you want me to help you
pack your stuff I'll help you pack from
that you're gonna go home
well not gonna leave today but I gotta
go family go start packing else would I
have I'll help you pack don't worry what
do you want me to pack I'll pack your
key I'll take it back down to the
leasing office I'll tell them that after
this month it's done you don't use the
charger come on party boy I don't want
to trash my house I want to party go
come on you've been dope our teachers
been in the month Dennis okay one last
offer
just sit I got one last offer and then
you could go listen now I want you to
sit well on to sit so how happy were you
with the apartment well you saw my
reaction room yeah how like comfortable
are you how like you know you mentioned
you got the job second job interview so
you're most likely now a job your life
is settling over here in San Diego you
made a lot of friends my friends have
became your best friend you have a
schedule going to the gym every day you
like it right mm-hmm you know your
parents are okay with you staying here
so how much would it suck for you now
you go back home told you that I just
pray to you and that you don't have to
go back home and that kids is still
yours and enough money well I'm nothing
funny but Frank you the camera home I
can see it's behind the TV
but everything is yours I'm just joking
everything you can see a bunch look
under right there small Danny I swear
you were gonna cry I swear you two
o'clock I saw it just like
I got to the apartment god I wasn't a
crab I'm thinking about driving home
he's not crying from loving the
apartment he's primed from the six hour
drive back home Dennis bought you know
I'll never do something like that
God listen Dennis I'm so glad you
mentioned multiple times over it and I
know you'd never do anything like that
so for everybody who called me a piece
of shit youtubers for everyone who calls
me a fake youtuber and that I do all
this like everybody else no you guys are
wrong this is Dennis getting pranked he
had no idea the camera was right there
and he even mentioned how I would never
do anything like that
so Dennis the place is yours it's all
paid off the furniture is coming in but
isn't the actual furniture but the
images is comfortable can you become a
stripper don't move to a second job
interview nos will do that it will you
because it's untagged but you have to
pay taxes to Uncle Sam will get an extra
please look it's such a good sport
anyways I hope you enjoyed this prank
once again if you're new to the channel
or you don't really know me I'm not
really a douche bag guy I've become a
new spec during my role you're not oh
okay nice guy give me the key like out
for real forget to give me the key back
and that's God no God I just do it to
get the best reaction for you guys look
Dennis if I was being nice to you during
the prank and killing sorry you wouldn't
have liked it wouldn't be a good
reaction but since I was into whatever
guys tense I feel bad now really I
really do oh he's it's all good I saw
the apartment anyways guys thank you so
much for watching this video drop the
light for the first prank inside new
home and get hot food tonight
crash at your place me and Jesse no okay
guys we haven't talked I need to close
the video mouth thank you so much for
watching this video drop a like if you
joy subscribe if you're new other than
that Landon aka Vadis I'm out and I just
print my best friend guys the funniest
thing just happened right when I turn
the camera off he gets a text from the
boss and then it's got the job Dennis
Congrats both that's crazy right hey
imagine if I did and the prank like at
that time and I was still going with it
imagine you reply to your boss I go
sorry I can't do it
yeah about leaving oh you should have
done that so I could put gone wrong in
the title now I'm just joking guys
anyways hey congrats to my boy Dennis
you just got a job I here in San Diego
bro I'm so lucky and it's a prank at
that time it was perfect time find it a
little later you know it's true peace
out guys
oh one last thing I love you guys I love
you guys
