what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new basketball video which
I didn't even expect to be playing today
but well we'll just get into that in a
little bit first I want to start this
video off by saying that yesterday I did
not upload a video and that was the
first time I did upload a video in two
weeks I just want to apologize because I
know there's a lot of people that get
upset or you know they look forward to
watching my videos so I apologize if I
let anybody down yesterday I'm really
upset with myself for that but at the
same time I'm proud of myself because
the whole entire time I went through the
moving process where as you can see my
whole room is empty because I moved out
and the whole busy process of being with
my family deciding whether I should move
out or not moving into a new place I
never missed one single upload so I'm
kind of proud of myself for that anyways
yeah I'm back home because I promised my
parents that even though I'm moving out
I would still try to come see them every
single day that's exactly what I did I
came here saw my mom and dad spent some
time with them helped them record a
video for my mom's Channel and now I'm
here with what can you say hi to the
camera
look you know what buddy I want you to
wait three-two-one wait Bosley wait okay
even though I moved out I feel like it's
still healthy to see my family a lot I
don't think I should just move out and
never see them I love my family and I
miss them so many times for them anyways
guys like I mentioned right when this
video started I told you guys this is
going to be a basketball video I'm about
to go play an unexpected basketball game
and it's kind of crazy but let me tell
you how this happened so last week my
season finished it was over and we made
the playoffs my team finished with six
wins and four losses and the playoffs
were supposed to start in a couple of
days so you know I'm just chilling at
home with my mom and dad and I get a
call from the director of the league and
so I'm talking to him and he ended up
telling me that my team and this other
team actually tied for the last playoff
spot we got in a tie and so I asked him
I'm like who has the tiebreaker who gets
to make the playoffs and he told me
Brandon in this league we don't look at
tie breakers what we do when a team ties
we settle it on the court you you play
one game winner gets to make the
playoffs and loser
there's teases over and in my head I'm
like yellow they seem to hide I'm
excited because I love competitive games
I love intense games like that with like
big-time pressure and all that and so
I'm talking about I'm like yo so when is
this game gonna happen when what's the
date and he said today and in my head
I'm like wait like what I haven't talked
to my teammates you know we thought we
were already in the playoff we were just
waiting to play the game next week and
so he's like today's the only day we
could do it if you can't make it then
your team has to forfeit and like you
guys can't play it so I was like okay
let me try my best to see what we can do
so Brian he's in LA he's at the cloud
house so he can't play my other teammate
is on vacation with his wife so he can't
play one of my other teammates have work
so three people aren't missing so right
now I'm trying my best to try to like
hit up some people and see if they could
play hopefully I can find some people if
not like the director said well you have
to forfeit and then we can make the
playoffs which is crazy but I know a lot
of people that play basketball so I'm
gonna try to hit some people up and god
this is actually insane like I woke up
just like a regular day went to the gym
played some basketball earlier look I'm
still my clothes I got a haircut and I
don't know we're like me and my
teammates we were already expecting to
be in the playoffs we thought we had our
first playoff game in a couple of days
and it turns out we have to play a game
I mean I'm excited like I said I hoped
the rest of my teammates already whoever
my teammates are gonna end up being I
don't know yet but this is it this is
like one of the most important games
that I've ever played in my life it's
for sure the most important game of the
season
hey it's straight up you win you're in
the playoffs and you get to play in a
couple of days and you get to fight for
a championship but if you lose you're
done your season's over
I'm ready this game I like I know the
team we're playing they're actually
really good they have this one big dude
he's actually like six foot four or six
four five he could play they have this
other dude he's not that big he's
actually short but he could shoot the
ball so we got a big game against a
really really good team and hey we can't
say oh well we're so much better than
them or oh they're so much better than
us because we're both Todd we have the
same exact record and we're both trying
to get into the play
so it should be a really close game
really intense because of what's at
stake and I want my team to keep playing
in the playoffs I want to win the
championship
I want to win this game for you guys so
I'm gonna try my best to help my team
win if the game is literally in two
hours and I need to find some people to
play with us and other than that I hope
you enjoy the rest of this video and I'm
ready to play and one of the biggest if
not the biggest games of my whole entire
life and I'm gonna try to win this game
for you guys
Bosley do you think we're gonna win I
might have to pick you a bro you want to
play with us yeah we need a big man you
could play down low grab the rebounds
box out
no okay god I'm so lucky I'm in luck so
I started thinking about who I could
call I hit up Justin and he actually has
a game of his own so he can't play with
us then I hit up Romel and Romel who I
love playing with I play with him every
single day he's actually free tonight so
out of three players missing we got one
person to run with us Romel and then I
started thinking I'm like okay everybody
I know is either busy with school or
they have work who can I think of and
then I remembered I got a haircut today
I was talking to my barber about
basketball and yo I hit up my barber and
I'm like Paul like we need you and he's
down to play he's leaving work and he's
gonna come play with us so I got role
Mel and Paul I don't know if I could
find a third player cuz we have three
missing players I don't know if I could
find that third person but I don't care
two people is good enough I'm lucky I'm
thankful that I even found these two
because if I did it we would have had to
forfeit so Romel and Paul thank you guys
so much and as of now we're gonna be
playing this game with only five players
meaning none of us could rest
none of us could take a break you got to
play the whole entire game but I'm ready
guys I freakin like if you love
basketball then you live for these
moments you live for these type of games
that mean so much like yeah it's fun
it's cool to play in a regular game it's
fun to play basketball for fun but it's
these games that have a lot of pressure
and it's these games that have such high
stakes that like I love to play is like
I said we're playing a really really
good team and they got a really big dude
who's I'm telling you like six
five and I'm gonna try my best to help
my team win I hope everybody's ready and
let's get to the playoffs guys I'm so
ready I swear I can't wait to play this
game like this game has a different feel
than any other game I've ever played
it's if you wait you're into the
playoffs if you lose your seasons done
so there's so much pressure but I love I
love the games when the pressure is on
and when you know all the butterflies
are on your stomach and it just makes
the game so much more competitive so
much more intense so much more physical
I'm on my way to the game right now guys
it's a big game so he's hiding from the
camera he's shy there's two types of
people there are people who crumble
under pressures and there are people who
show up under pressure
you said he's a winner so we'll take
back in 45 minutes
well she's telling the truth or not but
the games about is time we gotta get
ready let's do it
whoa I feel like Brandon is rockin
let's go babe
that was a good plan
ha
Hey
there's 11 minutes left in first class
14 to 18
that's a good path
he's out here hustling for the ball
garbage
Hey
now it's a tie game eight minutes left
in the first half
guys its 22 to 30 with five minutes left
in the first
stop it
okay guys it's 31 to 36
No
let's go
let's go 43 through 46 12 minutes left
in the second half
he can rebound really well
no but he gets up there you know like
even Brennan for their height they jump
we're so high I mean alright we're 48 to
46 11 minutes left you guys I know I
said I wasn't going to talk a lot but I
ended up talking a lot so it is what it
is
54 to 49
maybe you saw hands the oh boy it is all
sex there
I miss Alicia I will live on
57 to 53 with 8 minutes left
it's lit out here you already know what
it is
I sound like one of those rappers nobody
knows about
let's go back
Hey
sixty five to fifty five six minutes
left in the second half
it's 68 to 65 with two minutes left oh
my god
at 68 to 68
come on I need everybody here right now
it's standing up
let's go
No
Oh
Wow look everybody here everybody's
standing here we all knew Holly played
years and years of college ball he knows
asking I asked all he could play mothers
for this game the director said no but
they had that huge dude so why Cannot
Holly play all these smaller wait Tom
he's even bigger than him but he's a lot
to play but all these not congratulating
because they filled us in the face
obviously they're going to the playoffs
so congrats to them this year dad
Oh guys probably the worst possible way
to lose honestly the most heartbreaking
I mean a three-pointer like pretty much
at the buzzer it was that was not a good
way to lose um you saw a lot of people
blaming the refs including myself but I
just want to say in my outro right now
that yes the refs made a huge mistake
and they should have been a travel that
could have changed the whole game but at
the end of the day you can't blame the
whole game on the refs you play you win
or you lose sure the rest make some bad
calls but they're human they miss some
things and you can't blame it all on
them honestly it's our fault
when we went up by 8 points or 10 points
in the second half we shouldn't have
given that away so let me repeat myself
one more time so people don't think I'm
blaming it all on the refs sure the refs
made a bad call we should have got the
ball back but we played terrible the
last like 4 or 5 minutes so it's our own
fault it's me my fault my teammates I'm
blaming mostly most of it on myself that
team is going to the playoffs hats off
to them you saw me congratulating there
those two guys freaking killed us I
think one of their name was Hosea the
other one I forget his name but they
freaking killed us like we had no answer
for the big dude and then Jose I mean we
were kind of stopping him but at the end
of the day he hit the game-winning three
so hats off to them they played a great
game they were tough they when we went
up by 10 points I think there was like
five minutes left they didn't give up
they came back we choked we played
terrible you saw bro Mel had some
turnovers I had some turnovers I don't
know guys it's just a really really
heartbreaking way to lose I'd rather
lose by 20 or 30 points then lose at the
last second if we're being honest I'd
rather get killed than lose a
heartbreaker at the last second now I
know how the Chargers feel I felt like
the Chargers out there but uh yeah guys
we choked sorry if I'm like down right
now I'm trying my best to be like
enthusiastic or trying to be happy for
this outro but it's hard after a game
like that so on hopefully next season is
better I find it kind of unfair that we
weren't allowed to add Olly but there
dude was like six foot five like I don't
know he scored like 30 points but I
guess the director said we can't pick up
Olly because he's too good but that dude
was pretty good himself and
guys had talked to my barber Paul he
played a hell of a game he had at least
20 points had talked to Romel he played
great he had a least 20 himself I think
I had like 18 or 20 but I don't care I
played like shit i frickin we lost if we
lose the name I don't care how good I
play or anything because at the end of
the day wins matter way more than how
many points you score wins are more
important than oh but you played good
yeah I don't care how good I play it if
we lose then I played like shit that's
how I see it in my head next season
actually starts next week so at least we
don't have to you know wait a super long
time for next season we don't have to
you know be down on ourselves for a
really really long time
I feel like I let my brother down I feel
like I let the other two guys who were
off our team down we'll get him next
season it sucks not making the playoffs
we won six games and lost four games
this season so we had a good year but it
doesn't mean anything we can't even make
the playoffs so next year we got to come
back stronger come back hungry and I
can't wait so the season starts next
week I hope you guys are excited I
apologize for letting you guys down
because I know I promised you guys
earlier in this video that I was gonna
win this game for you guys obviously
that didn't happen and I'm pinning most
of it on me
it's my fault so uh I hope you at least
at least the game was entertaining it
was really really entertaining back and
forth crazy my team choked I'm blaming
you on myself
I freaking choked if my team is up by
eight or ten and there's only like five
minutes left there's no way we should
lose that game so I feel like shit I
feel like frickin whatever guys I need
to close this video I hope you enjoyed
watching this game I know all you guys
wanted us to win and wanted to see us go
to the playoffs trust me trust me I
wanted that too but things just didn't
work out we face off against a really
good team they killed us in the paint
offensive rebounds I always hope you
guys enjoyed watching the game it was
really fun I love you guys all drop a
like on this video so we could come back
stronger next season and yeah peace out
guys
