guys I missed this car babe are you
taking care of it it looks cleaner than
when I had it I already Dennis guys I
miss it can I am I like such a senior
I'm out I got the comfortable oh it's
right here on one of mine and Jackie's
first dates we went to the library to
study I know I know okay funny story
guys I lied to her and told her I needed
to study it's because I just gone a day
and she was like Brandon I need to study
I can't go on a date and I lied I was
like oh me too I need to study too but I
really went to the library and I just
read Phoenix has articles and I didn't
let her see my laptop and I was taking
fake notes on a notebook but anyways
guys after that we waned the parking lot
to leave and there was some like
security guard who started doing some
magic tricks and he let us keep this
straight and so I kept it in this car
and I gave it to her when I gave her the
car because it was from one of our first
dates
I could be romantic and I could be a
savage both out both at the same time is
that why you love me we are headed to go
see my family and to go see Bosley it's
Sunday and every single Sunday when I
used to live with my family my dad would
make breakfast and we would watch
football together so right now I'm going
back and that's exactly what we're gonna
do even though I moved out I feel like
it's healthy that I still see my family
every day or almost every single day I
miss them they miss me at least I hope
oh yeah guys and if you're wondering why
Jackie's driving it's because I didn't
get a chance to finish my video at the
apartment so I had to finish it in the
car look where we are
oh hey Dad long time no see oh I forgot
multiple youtubers you wonder why I
moved out dad because you steal my
footage around the world that's my dad's
favorite game dad okay I'm not getting
near it okay guys so my dad told me over
the phone that he is about that okay
please okay we'll see it from far away
my dad said he found a freaking dead
rattlesnake on the floor no way no way
no way what oh we got the baby wait
that's so freakin guys I hate snakes
I swear I don't care how small Jara glad
mommy no good good hey Bosley
okay you really think he's gonna walk
over to me when he has food in front of
him spits them out what's the point
this teeth are too small hey mom I've
been back here every to miss you
No Bosley thinks I'm a towel Bryan do I
look like a towel yeah oh okay because
every time I come back I try to get
Bosley a kiss all he's interested in is
wiping his eyes oh hey look hands me
kisses loudly if you give me one kiss
you can like all your other bees on me
no no is that what I can that's what I
feed back to the animals you don't care
okay you guys I don't think you can tell
boss he doesn't ever run until it's time
to get him and then he runs so fast
get him so a lot of people ask me why
did you move out of this house Brandon
dad you're crazy dad no dad dad Oh guys
that's a real one by the way oh my god
yeah lightly please I'm prone to heart
attack with snakes I swear you know me
so yeah a lot of people ask me at home
Brandon so why'd you move out of your
home you know why and I'm just like okay
Bobby you watch just watch something
else come to my apartment you'll see
stay don't stay and I'm gonna tell your
mom and I don't mean mama rose Bobby I'm
gonna call your real mom the plug
come on okay guys based on how read
bothers eyes are I'm thinking that he
got really sad for me leaving started um
you know started taking use of some
drugs Bosley don't do that what do we
have here mom two teens that's true my
mom has given me so many housewarming
gifts so many half the things in my
apartment are from my mom I've been
replaced Bosley you like somebody that
you met a couple months ago more than
you like your own owner how that feel
first of all it looks so weird it says
Los Angeles instead of San Diego did you
see and then look over here it says la
si it reminds me of LA Clippers before I
used to just say SD by the way guys the
way the Chargers lost last week against
Denver heartbreaking but that's the only
way the Chargers lose I swear the
Chargers they never lose regular games
in every game they lose it's always a
heartbreaker they lose at the last
second or they lose in some crazy way
and last week was no different I used to
think it was a San Diego thing that they
just lost like that but no that sucks as
a Chargers fan but we'll see hopefully
we could win this game at home home
which should be San Diego but it's
actually LA now
hey with everything my mom packed me in
this bag it's like she's pushing me out
and not telling me she misses me did you
see my tattoos starting to peel and it's
super itchy it's so each other is what I
do i literally itch around Brian guys
listen cuz I can't eat it Brian let me
just tell you the worst thing about a
tattoo isn't one of the needles in your
skin that's not even the worst part
it's the itching plant and the tattoo
starts peeling and it itches but you're
not allowed to age it it's so it's so
annoying Brian yeah you can't peel em I
pull the ink off guys I'm planning on
getting not another one like not another
full tattoo so for this one you know
says family is forever with my
naima wadis and then the three roses for
my mom my dad and my brother I just want
to like continue it down to here but I
don't know what I want yes oh I'm not
gonna rush into it like a half sleeve so
we'll see once I think about I want to
get definitely something with family go
along with the theme this is my mom and
dad's name with a wedding ring and then
this is together divorce I've got to
remove all just the wedding yeah yeah
Dennis you need some stuff for your new
plates also guys let's come every day
we're gonna tear everything down the
walls gods Dennis thought like around
today or tomorrow he would be packing
all this stuff and going back to Arizona
little did he know he's about to start
his life over here we actually have to
switch cars if you're wondering no
you're not tripping out Dennis actually
starting to drive his car because we're
going to a furniture store right now and
there's no way that the furniture we
pick up is gonna fit in Jackie's car and
there and there's no way it's gonna fit
in my little BMW i8 so we decided to
take Dennis's car shout out to Dennis
and by the way guys we just both wanted
to say thank you so much for the support
on yesterday's video for those who
didn't get a chance to watch it I
actually surprised Dennis with his
apartment and so he's living here now we
were reading so many of your guys's
comments tweets like Instagram posts and
it was honestly it was amazing so thank
you guys so much for all the support you
showed me for making that video and
Dennis thank you I still need to finish
up my place so I'm gonna get a little
bit of furniture for myself and then
dennis is gonna go get some furniture
for his place so this should be fun guys
honestly I'm sorry I just lied to you
guys this will not be fun I'm over
shopping for the apartment but just for
the video this will be very very fun
guys so you know how I was just at home
and I was talking about how they used to
be San Diego Chargers but now they're LA
Chargers well we come to the furniture
store and look what is right across
Qualcomm Stadium for those who don't
know that used to be where the Chargers
played me and my dad used to have season
tickets actually today's a Sunday it's
so weird seeing all of this empty I'm
used to Sunday seeing this whole parking
lot full everybody tailgating all the
fans outside the Chargers come back to
San Diego it's your home they don't even
like them in LA on
okay it's common sense
it's common sense babe look it says the
bed is 2499 the bed is $24.99 she
doesn't she doesn't understand why did I
pay $1,000 bro get it babe why did I pay
$1,000 I should've came here it's $30.00
yeah it's on the bed so comes with
everything
Denison might not come with the pillow
so you might have to buy those separate
but thirty for the whole bed guys look
who FaceTime me did you already miss me
I just left Brian you need help with a
title you're the YouTube they I've only
been doing this for two years
okay what are your choices I'll help you
yeah I say super awkward because that's
just like more you know appealing yeah
the guy why the awkward rugrat and then
they'll click on the video if it doesn't
get any views at all you could take over
my channel and just have it forever
alright man
yeah buddy but every single day me and
Brian sent thumbnails back and forth to
each other like should I use this
thumbnail should I use that thumbnail
should I do this title that title we do
it every day we just get each other's
opinions I'm looking for an editing desk
right now guys cuz I've been editing
like on my bed and in the car recently
so I need to find a nice little desk for
my room oh babe
no I'm just joking don't hit me with I'm
ready because I'm not correction guys
even worse I thought she said I'm ready
what did you really say I'm all ready
she said I am already okay she said it's
a joke I can breathe again Oh a
restaurant bro $40 for the ashtray the
world's biggest ashtray those are for
the Marvel 100 oh my god a basketball
although the cactus is gonna pop the
ball
ouch babe we need to buy this for
decoration okay for Christmas you have
to buy it for me at least I'm content
with cheap Christmas gifts guys it's so
quick like it's such a small world you
know I'm here with Jackie and Dennis
we're just shopping for furniture who
knew my brother would be here to get off
the wall Brian let's go shop so Jackie
is dying to get a flower for the table
in the living room how about this you're
in charge of decorating the place and
all yeah okay not decorating my neck I
said decorating the place Jackie loves
to decorate it oh but I'm decorating all
the Phoenix Suns things in the room okay
okay guys well I don't know if you can
see but Jackie just left to go to the
bathroom and should I do it okay well I
feel bad I'm gonna get up here because
our car is right here and when she comes
back I think I'm just gonna pop out and
scare her honestly Bo we've been like
it's been such a good day I got to see
my family we've been with Jackie don't
we had breakfast you know she had
oatmeal and do you want to record it
should I put the camera down people keep
coming into the aisle they're gonna I'm
gonna scare the shit out of them too I
can't do it if there's people here okay
guys well we're gonna attempt this if it
fails it fails but if it doesn't then
Jackie you're about to get super scared
babe I love you
Oh
and you get a lead down I can't wait I
forgot about the other side push people
and don't eat your hand okay like
justice here yeah like that's pretty
nice if I can't be nice no why do you
put every prank on jaqen Laurie wait I
want to see if we can see you hold on
hold on
God you were no you can't see nothing so
this your head your head is popping up
troll yeah I'll tell you no you need a
haircut okay let me see Manny put your
hand in okay now it's perfect so when
she comes here I'm like a sea otter look
but don't let it rip bro
it's stuck either I live here I move all
my stuff from all the other ones stuck
well she's coming she's coming she's
coming
he went to the bathroom you didn't see
him there well I think that's a desk he
once right there no the third one all
it's all right when they get down
there's so many people okay so if you
think any video has ever gone wrong
listen Jackie's bleeding I have a
concussion
I got caught by the workers huh cups my
shirt my shirt oh okay I need to go buy
a new one do they sell white t-shirts in
that key are no
also you push the ball or just go let's
just let's just buy the freakin things
and leave bro don't you have your own
apartment to chill at you still don't
believe it's true with my concussion hey
how's your fingers I deserved it I don't
know you know why I said I scared you I
said I was too nice to you today so you
deserve a little scare guess what
the Chargers lost in another
heartbreaking night listen if I get into
that it's gonna take me like guys just
no charges like I said earlier in this
video what a surprise they lose in the
most heartbreaking way we missed a field
goal that would have had us winning the
game by one point and said we lost huh
whatever guys so I hope you enjoyed
today's video
other than that Brandon aka blue eyes I
am out he no painting for the day you
know I'm traumatized guys I find it
funny how you know all these youtubers
do these pranks they end up super funny
and you know they end up laughing at the
other person I try to do a prank look my
shirt is black my socks are all black my
shorts rip my elbows are all scratched
and not to mention I got hand the face
by my own girlfriend only me only for
once
