okay Bosley before I start this video
give me one kiss oh you want to give me
a kiss okay what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka waters and today I'm
here with my beautiful mom who I miss
very much ever since I moved I'm also
here with my handsome dad what missed
ever since I moved I'm here with okay
I'm here with Bosley who I miss very
very much
and we have my brother behind the camera
who I miss also first of all before I
get into today's video I just want to
say that every single day that I've been
moved out it's been three days I've came
back to the house to see my family every
single day I missed them I'm not gonna
lie now to get on to my real video a lot
of you guys might see the time on the
thumbnail and you might think it's click
there or it's fake but to tell you the
truth
that's exactly what's going to happen
and with the support from my mom my dad
and just me knowing in my head that this
is the right thing to do I think I'm
ready for this we've been putting in so
much work
off camera behind the scenes and just so
much paperwork and everything to get
this ready for today the big day the
surprise let me just tell you guys in
the background story so my best friend I
don't even consider him a friend I
consider him my brother yeah his name is
Dennis he lives in Arizona and I'd say
well a month ago he came in about a
month ago he came here to surprise me I
had no idea he was coming and he came he
showed up he surprised me and it wasn't
only that he surprised me with his
presence his biggest surprise was that
he came here with a suitcase all of his
belongings and he told me that he was
going to move to San Diego and I was
high I was ecstatic cuz imagined my best
friend living in a different state I
barely got to see him so now I was so
happy so excited so we both got on the
computer we started looking at
apartments close to the home and he did
a bunch of applications he went out and
drove to a bunch of these places got a
bunch of tours for those who don't know
that's expensive every application you
do I don't know 50 to 100 dollars and
then every apartment you see a deposits
down it's just money money money
unfortunately after we did all this we
spent hours and hours trying to
Dennis a new place we decided that we
were going to sell this house and no
longer live in this area so you know you
have my best friend Dennis who came here
to live like in this area who started
looking at apartments spent a bunch of
money over here and we didn't even know
that we were going to move out so when
we made that decision I felt really bad
because the area that I moved to and
there that my parents are looking to
move to it's I'm not gonna lie it's
pricey it's a lot more expensive than an
apartment over here and how do I say
this not everybody is like fortunate
enough like and so at that point Dennis
was kind of like I don't know if I'm
gonna be moving here I don't know if
that's something I'm gonna do it's a lot
of money crazy thing is when I went to
go get my apartment this is this is
crazy
I don't even know how this is Network
they say whether to be men maybe to be
so I went to these really really nice
apartments the place that I moved into
right now and I went when I sat down
with the leasing manager who I said I
think this is something I want to do I
want to move here and you know what she
said she said oh wow you're in luck
there was only two more open homes two
more open places then it hit me
I started thinking about it I'm like
wait two more - you know Dennis also you
know this this is why I like Dennis is
kind of getting ready to pack his bags
and go back to Arizona you know he
wasn't gonna move here anymore so then I
started asking some questions I started
telling her you know is it in the same
building they close to each other and
it's impossible for me to do something
for a friend and it turns out she walked
me over to the two rooms okay you won't
believe it
at first what she told me she said
they're in the same building and I got
excited I was like okay same building
then she told me same floor then when
she walked me over to the place guys you
won't understand I don't know at the end
of this room that's how close the rooms
are and at that point I said you know
what Dennis deserves this I told her
both of these both and so what we did
Dennis has no idea you know what he's
doing this whole time
he's helping me and my dad move all my
furniture to my room not knowing that
the room right
nextdoor is his place so what I did I
went ahead and I bought my apartment and
I also bought his I put a deposit down I
put a down payment it was like a lot of
paperwork on it for all you guys who
have moved a lot of times or done
apartments herself there's a lot of
paperwork that comes to it I had to talk
to a lot of different people but let me
just say I got it done let me just say
Dennis when you watch this you deserve
this a hundred and ten percent he
sacrifices so much for example it was
his birthday two days ago you know what
he did on his birthday he spent the
whole day helping me move my furniture I
kept telling him bro go eat go hang out
he kept saying no I'm here to help you
he deserves that he comes from a really
really good family and I love him that's
my boy I'm gonna call him one of a kind
the most loving caring most respectful
person like I would go grocery shopping
when I come he would come to the car
take the stuff inside and he would ask
anybody of us you need help you need and
where he talked about the apartment I
swear to god it's like meant to be to
apartment less where us from each other
Dennis's mom and dad brother and sister
of you guys watching you guys did a
great job raising a wonderful son love
you all I'm going to get my hair done
why every time we make videos Brandon
okay I'm just gonna say something I know
how brandi is my best friend and stuff
and check this Ali's
actually it's become like my best friend
too and we started like sin playing like
car or dominoes or you know just become
like my friend he helped a lot around
and you think we asked you never to say
no so Dennis he thinks like right now
that were setting up my apartment and
once he's done helping me move on my
furniture he thinks that he's gonna go
back to Arizona and that he's gonna move
and I know he will admit it but he's
bummed out without it you know he thinks
that this is one of his last days here
and he's gonna have to go and tell his
parents like I didn't end up moving
so Dennis today is the day oh and shout
out to my mom and dad because I paid for
the apartment but my mom and dad came in
clutch with furniture and a brand new TV
I can't wait to see his face like
juniors gonna realize he's gonna copy it
Dennis if you don't cry give me the key
back Denis you want moving to San Diego
after all well you deserve this soap
I'll see you in a little bit our last
day I'm moving furniture into my new
place and today it's only me and you my
dad has to go to work so he's not
helping we got to take the load
oh look speaking of my dad the famous
deck of cards how many times has he beat
you and he tricked you tease you ok bro
and I have a proposition
after we set up furniture for the last
day I finished my apartment let's go
actually celebrate your birthday let's
do it he refused to celebrate his
birthday because he didn't finish my
apartment I said bro it's not your job
it's my room bring what life and guys
Dennis thinks I walked over here to
bring the game boards I'm bringing the
bosley painting bro this is gonna be my
first decoration oh and then I'll get
some Phoenix Suns ones we need to
decorate today we'll have this this not
the Lakers one we'll leave that for my
dad dad Dennis said that he could be you
in the card game every day that I moved
out I came back here okay I've came back
here and everyday I've also looked at my
room Brian how sad is just look at me
but it's the balloon but I bought life
what do you mean I can't take it and
carefully you just kicked Bosley in the
neck anyways guys yep the room is fully
empty except for Jackie's bobby pin
right here okay Bosley I'm leaving now
I'm gonna miss you but I'll see you
tomorrow just like I've seen you every
other okay never mind them Bosley you
know that oh there goes my electric bill
okay guys so here's my door and let me
show you what I mean how Dennis's room
is so close look at this
Dennis's room is right
you just stuck this I hope today's
because there's so much stickiness we
told Dennis we're gonna go get something
from the car really quick
oh the a C's on I forgot the electric
booth okay guys so we are in Dennis's
new apartment right now so this couch
was brought here by my dad and my mom
shoutout to them this TV we all pitched
in look for now we got him just an air
mattress because I actually ordered
Dennis a bed but it hasn't shipped yet
it takes like one to two weeks so for
now we have to do a patio washer and
dryer got it's the exact same as my
walk-in closet and then a bathroom look
we got him a towel guys this is gonna be
dope shout out to my mom and Jackie who
got him these appliances look a deep
fryer can opener paper towel knives
plate okay they got me and this matching
silverware listen guys this is going to
be crazy luxury apartment brand new no
one has ever lived here before let's go
I'm so excited right now yeah let's go
get Dennis hold the bow Phil I baby
you're the one who did I didn't do it
I'm an idiot let's just leave the camera
filming right here god it's me injector
went to go grab something from the car
but it's sick we are going to walk back
into my place it's gonna be such a far
walk it's like five steps but we're
gonna walk back into my place and
surprise Dennis will the key to his
brand-new apartment so Dennis you think
after we finish putting all the
furniture in my apartment that you're
packing up your bags and going back to
Arizona
anymore I got you bro the tea house goes
okay guys so I told Dennis to have a
seat really quick because I told him
from all the hard work that he has done
for me not just bringing all the
furniture into my new place but all the
work he's done for me for my videos he's
giving me so many ideas and a lot of
times I want to goof around and go to
the gym and play basketball without
finishing my video and he kind of puts
me like no bro you gotta finish your
video and then go like he just does a
lot for me I told him I have a little
gift for him I want you to open one of
your hands me something like it's nice
it's what do you think it is like a
spider or a snake it's not you think I
would be holding one of those there's
nothing to eat here part it's not any
fun he said why do you need a key to
your apartment it's not my apartment key
well trust me for everything you've done
for me just trust me take this well
whatever I don't through are you
everything is a friend I don't do
anything like for anything back from you
oh I know you don't expect anything back
this is just a box okay just come here
just come he thinks there's a key to my
apartment let's try it out let's try it
on my door coming freaking me out
okay so there's my key right so try to
turn in and why is an attorney
here just just come here really quick
everything you've done for me forget
everything you've done for me you're one
of my best friends I'm super close with
you and you're like one other handful
people I consider just people I'm really
really close with I trust I love like
just take this and follow me roll put
you're freaking me out
no I know I'm freaking out right now
because I've never done something this
big when you do me just open the door
okay I want you to break into suburbs
place for another video I want to do for
tomorrow I want you to break into
someone's apartment we're coming in
is anybody here is anybody here
or break it in or break it in for what
are you doing both fucking recoreded
fucking recording honestly I'm just
gonna say this is your brand-new place
this is your what do you mean this is
your place beau I'm not joking I swear
to you look what do you mean this is all
yours
what do you mean online Danielle thank
you hey listen so as a friend you helped
me out with anything I need as much as
you could do you help me out as a friend
as a friend of course I know you don't
need anything in return that's not why
I'm doing this
you came here from Arizona to move here
and obviously that didn't work out you
spent a bunch of money on applications
deposits spots got filled we ended up
moving this area was it was really hard
to get into money-wise spot wise so for
everything that you've done for me I
decided that I'm gonna do something big
for you a whole apartment I don't know
we gonna shake your hand out what would
easy
well listen you help me out in certain
ways and I'm helping you out in a
certain way both everything like
everything's paid for furniture is here
brand-new TV come here come check it out
we'll check the kitchen out later I want
you to see other room like whoa
so I mean if this was like true and I
can take someone well this is your guts
his hands are sweating oh my hand is
shaking something I don't know what's
going on
come here just check it out both this is
all you trust me bro what do you like
both trust me it's all coming you
deserve what I can't take
I know look guys I'm telling you it's
all of it come here let's just check it
out
come here both you deserved it I know
what you do for me but I know what to do
for me you don't expect anything in
return so I'm not doing this sounds like
well you did this for me here it is that
well I'm doing it as a friend as a close
friend all the trouble you went through
I want you to go back home and just go
straight at your parents and tell them I
didn't find a place to go back Jamie
come here I want to show you a tour
you're gonna be happy with this you're
gonna be happy first of all if you see
how close it was to my room we're
literally neighbors it's like we're in a
hotel the next door okay first here's
the couch we tried putting the boat on
the door with that hammer Cal this one
if you recognize it we had just bought
it for our old house the light is really
bad guys so my mom and dad actually
gifted this one too I had nothing to do
with this my mom and dad actually got
this you so if you want to say something
to them Cameron's right there they may
be watching this was it all this going
down bro all the time you spent helping
my dad right there in my room we were
doing stuff right here at me jacking my
mom so this is a gift from my mom and
dad this is a gift from me and my mom
dad even Jack you pitched in to this
brand-new TV we still got some more
things coming but they were taking too
long to shit let's show them the best
part the bed
you're good oh he's crying okay look so
we got you and a mattress and this is
your permanent thing I didn't want to
get you a bed I'm just joking your bed
is coming in but it's taking a couple of
weeks of shit so far now but you could
even bring this in mind we would sleep
with us I don't care right here you got
the view of the balcony well this is
exactly my room it's 19
okay guys I just want you to come see it
you got both your own washer and dryer
you don't have to go anywhere to wash
your clothes you don't have to go
downstairs my leg exactly it's exactly
like mine it's the same model we got
this like and we can get we'll go to the
towel by the time you move in here is
going to stink up when we start enjoy
the new smell right now we got a walk-in
closet we could check that out later let
me show you the kitchen bro Jackie and
my aunt got you a bunch of things for
the kitchen I wanted to do for you they
cup two cups played bowling oh you got
to see silverware as me is good enough
for living this closely we got the same
silverware two broads there's all all
four you go yeah this had to be behind
the scenes top secret like bussing
admissions well but we're neighbors I'm
not expect you to go oh yes thank you
this is all mine I know you're gonna say
you can't take it and it's gonna take a
while to just process all this but I'm
pack your bags because you're not going
back to Arizona well this is crazy
me my mom dad and Jackie like both we
all did this it wasn't just me
maybe I played a big part there was
everybody like they all played a big
part in this ball
you deserved it you deserve a lot more
things coming in but for now where's the
key oh we left in the door Jesus it put
this on your car key says this is Union
faced both thank you you're welcome
you deserve it about everything guys
this is one of the realest people I've
ever met Bob you're gonna make me tear
up I swear he's gonna make me cry me too
we need to close this video out and so
on okay I
like I feel so weird I'm sweating
shaking right now guys and like right
after like you saw what was happening
with me trying to find a place guys it
wasn't hot bomb tell you if you wasn't
acting best to go back to Arizona and
tell us pants you couldn't move here
anymore so well you know what the
leasing manager said I'd like to stay I
wasn't playing I went to go buy an
apartment for myself and she went oh
you're lucky we have two spots left and
that's when it hit me I was like two
spots and we started talking about with
a headache I had to follow these papers
I how's it possible as this close go
although I asked your last with oh are
the two spots open in the same building
and she's like come here let me show you
and they ended up freaking right next to
each other so Denny's both playing yeah
I'm gonna put the video out cuz like I'm
really wait to post you know we saw a
dead skin emotional
his hands are sweating just as much as
when I shake up with Devin Booker and my
hands are like sweating when I first met
him but uh yeah this is all dangerous
place I hope you guys enjoyed seeing
Dennis in the video because he's gonna
be in the videos a whole lot more shout
out to everybody involved mom dad thank
you for bringing some of the furniture
thank you for the TV they thank you
fertile of all the appliances thank you
for helping on how I want to say thank
you to everyone in Jackie your paintings
brought like everyone in general Ryan
help to catch Kim please is crazy guys
and I want to thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart because I talk a lot
about working hard and putting in a lot
of work into my video staying up late to
Eddie you know sacrificing a lot of
things to work out for you guys and I
talked a lot about how it pays off but
honestly if it wasn't for you guys
watching my videos I mean look what I've
done in the past month or two I surprise
my girlfriend with a Lexus of car I
surprise my parents with $10,000 cash I
just surprised one of my best friends
with a brand new home and sure I talk a
lot about how I work hard you know hard
work pays off and I stay up late
grinding and everything but if it wasn't
for you guys
my videos if it wasn't for you guys
following up with my life none of this
would be possible so thank you guys so
much I really appreciate you don't
something everything you do is all for
others role yeah no thank you both like
you like everything you do you try
helping others more than you like help
yourself hey I I got what I need I'm
living the life that I need so I feel
like it's only right that I give back
because I know I'm looking to be in the
position I'm in so thank you guys for
allowing me to do that days but we got
it it's two days after your birthday are
you gonna celebrate let's celebrate guys
I hope you enjoyed this video
surprising my best friend with his new
place a new home a new apartment
whatever you want to call it Dennis it's
a luxury apartment brand new building
nobody has ever lived here before and
we're neighbors so they've got so much
for watching guys I am out Dennis no
thank you once again to everybody
involved in this thank you babe thank
you my family other than that guys I
hope you enjoy I love you guys all very
very much
peace out guys
