okay Lamborghini mercy right he totaled
the car total apart wait wait let them a
candy but work it's just a Ferraris and
that was always like that in the front
like that yeah just the sign okay yeah
you're good okay guys so today I am here
with my brother Bayes road and I'm back
I went and I moved out for two days and
you know I didn't like it so I brought
all myself and I'm back in the top I'm
just joking guys I just came to visit my
family visit my dog and me and my
brother decided let's give you guys a
video that has been highly requested in
the comment sections ever since we made
the toy car race everybody started
commenting guys you should do a 1v1
in the toy car basketball edition and we
decided why not so I'm good today I'm
gonna challenge my brother a battle look
me and my brother you know we never
really do stuff just for fun we always
have wagers you know whether they're
crazy things with small things big
things we always have wager so Brian I
mean I think I could be you in can you
okay guys so I'm willing
well how much is hat $5,000 cash sure
let's do it $5,000 bet one view one up
to what 11 he's going to do 11 ones and
two so two pointers same thing and by
the rules apply you can't travel you
can't double dribble we're gonna have to
be dribbling outside of the cards let's
do it here we'll put the money up for
States by the way guys they're supposed
to go towards my car payment and my home
and everything that's why I already have
the cash house so if I lose it I'll be
evicted I'm just joking guys oh don't
show where we're having some technical
difficulties with trying to figure
something out okay guys to save Brian's
thing on there here we're gonna do no
dribble like no dribbling rule so you
could we're just gonna play by holding
the ball so we could shoot the same
basketball thing there's just no travels
or anything okay I'll shoot for a ball
ah okay Brian's ball okay okay guys so
we're playing up to seven we were gonna
do up to 11 but we're gonna change it up
to seven points ones and twos
if you miss a shot and you have to check
up so it's like NBA - that's how they do
in 2k right I'm like king of the court
there's no way we can fight for rebound
in no way these are gonna be bleeding
afternoon
so okay let's see Brian's Kawhi Leonard
with the defense
I'll let Brian shoot you can't shoot
I'll guard the river no and so you put
the rim the lowest first in my head I
was like damn this is such a small idea
I wonder why they don't do this in like
all-star weekend why they they don't do
this in the NBA now I know why because
you came
once your defense okay how about I have
time you switch cars
okay to make it thinner we're gonna
switch cars halfway through wait seven
so oh one five points are scored between
both of you yeah
so it's one zero
we'll play up to five points that is
impossible
remember I said 11 right now it's one to
zero
I forgot to go forward I got one
he's set back for three Wow
god this is a defensive three in the key
I'm staying too long the key imagine if
you have to do everything like you said
dribble my rules in the beginning where
you have to dribble right now it's 1 1
so nobody has an advantage so this is
100 percent fairness I'm one throw offer
to Brian let's change it to a 1v1 yeah
up to 7 okay guys oh listen this might
be this might be the biggest fail on
earth I don't know what I was thinking
in my head when I came out here I said
oh he's gonna be the most live video you
know no double dribble no travel up to
11 I was wrong guys it's bad it's bad so
instead we're just gonna change this oh
I didn't even get to drink my Pepsi or
eat my M&Ms I was gonna do that while
playing defense on Brian to show that
you can't okay guys so instead we're
putting the toy cars back in the garage
and this is gonna turn into a regular
basketball 1v1 bharata's first phase
Rose the $5,000 bet is still on I think
my brother went inside to go watch some
like Devin Booker tape so he could like
learn and see but uh yeah guys this 100%
fail I'm sorry cuz I know this was
highly requested in the comment section
down below but it just didn't work out
guys I apologize okay guys so it's one
two one oh wait we're both playing in
sandals up to seven ones and twos you
want me to shoot for ya
that was a huge fail who know I'm not
letting crying shoot me too good of a
shooter I learned that the hard way to
one Brian you're gonna let me shoot the
disrespect it's not gonna need the
disrespect thousand two three two three
two I'm winning
ah
are you let me show from there yeah let
me shoot from here this is long distance
but six - so point to it by school one
more I win seems the comeback is real
thousand and one I found Brian - and he
still made it six three
six-four six-four
ah I thought those good my heart oh yeah
go ahead
I'll let you shoot that for the win
listen guys I only need a one but when
you watch this much Devin Booker you'll
take one six two four okay guys I say
straight up straight up okay how do you
guys play straight up how few guys play
one by two me and my brother I'm just
gonna do straight up so six to five I'm
winning if Bryan hits a two pointer then
he wins
who you got that
Oh
like damn I just lost $5,000 how did
that go oh my god okay
all right Wow this one doesn't like me
and that red circle I forgot his name I
think his name is hoop he doesn't like
me either
when branch said that's good oh my gosh
my pony I'm Gina there's a lot of money
at stake guys take five
65k six to six
next point wins
shoot that I wish you shoot then oh my
god now you're a live
whoa
look look look look the freaking NBA
Jerry West is all freaking Jerry West
logo okay guys I hope you enjoyed this
video it started off with a huge fail
and ended with a regular 1v1 trust me I
wanted to give you guys what you wanted
to see but it just didn't work out
Brian's anus is bleeding so I hope you
enjoyed Brian good game I was a close
one
that was six six and I think it was six
to two yeah what's six to two to start
Brian came all the way back he had a
couple of shots that almost went in I
thought he being but it was close Brian
thanks for playing guys drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new I could barely breathe
because Dennis how long did we play at
the gym before this hour we played so
much wrestle before this go check out my
brother's channel phase Road obviously
for those who don't know other than that
guys I'm Brandon aka Wallace and I'm out
peace cease out guys
well girl I got a permanent cough
popping them pills again
you should think it was my dog
