young metrology Oh me and methadone
eHealth Millepied to myself porn started
ATL sweet but sucking my clothes a
little white horses join three like a
deed hey guys welcome to MTV Cribs but
water sedition and Jackie a petition
what is up you guys I hope everybody's
having a great day right now and I can't
wait to bring you guys this video so
today's video if you can't tell from the
title on the thumbnail it is going to be
my first ever home revealed so I've been
all talk recently talking about moving
out you know talking about making a huge
decision which by the way this was the
biggest toughest hardest most emotional
decision I've ever had to make in my
whole entire life moving away from my
family it was a really really tough call
but I'm glad it's finally done with
because it was so hard to decide what I
should do but now that that's finally
done we're done with the talking part
it's time to actually show you guys the
place I have not leaked any images I
don't leak any videos so today is going
to be the first time that you guys see
this place with me I hope you guys like
it I really really love the way it came
out I want you guys to keep in mind when
we walked in here yesterday it was empty
it was literally dead it was just carpet
and doors that's it so the fact that we
got this much done shout out to my
beautiful girlfriend for helping
shout-out to the best dad on earth for
helping shout-out to Dennis who is
behind the camera
we're also helping child my mom shout to
Brian shoutout to everybody who helped
me move and without further ado I hope
you guys are excited and I can't wait to
show you guys my first ever place my
first apartment my first home finally
Brent I saw you guys I can't handle it
okay okay guys so we are going to start
this whole tour with the kitchen first
of all shout out to my mom because I had
planned to go to a store and buy
everything I was going to buy pots pans
for its knives everything and my mom
surprises me with this huge box and I
didn't know what was inside the box she
then explained that ever since I was a
kid we're not incapable a couple years
ago she put together a box for me so
that the first time I ever found out
that we already do ready and I had no
idea about this box so my mom look at
this guy's I didn't even have to buy
anything this was already picked out by
my mom
I don't know years ago so she surprised
me with everything anyways let's keep
going so we got a blender we have the
stove right here
electric no gas I've never used one of
these before in my life so I'm going to
learn how to do this
microwave it just sounds good what we
have them here I don't know my mom and
Jackie decorated this part for me okay
we got okay we come in here baby you
helped do all this okay we have the
knives just in case anybody's acting up
look one good what I like 10 right here
oh this is the sink right here you know
nice dishwasher so we don't want the
plain basic one
we got the dishwasher which all middle
Easterns family you know this using the
dishwasher is there to use it to wash
dishes and you know all that stuff but
middle Easterns we use it to put plastic
bags in here so i Marta taking over you
know the culture of a Middle East
freezer sent down shall we call it it's
afraid we got the pantry right here you
know guys like I said yesterday we
walked in here everything was empty so
there's not too many things in here but
we did our best to try to fill
everything up in this apartment this is
from my mom and Jackie Jackie Jackie
bought these this is the kitchen area do
you know how many time this one this one
every since I lived in the old us with
my mom and dad do you know how many
times I almost burned the house down
with this pan the Rachel Ray one because
ever since I started trying to learn how
to cook I don't know when I was a kid I
wanted to be a chef I would always ask
my mom if I could cook and she would say
no I would say please she would say no
and I would secretly use this pan
without her knowing so I'm glad we told
you to bring this my mom yeah good call
well yeah I got shout out to my mom and
Jackie they decorated the whole kitchen
and did all this while me Dennis and my
dad were working on
then the living-room area so this is
actually my favorite part of the room or
the apartment just because I feel like
it's so cozy I feel like it's the
perfect size it's not too big not too
small we ended up buying this table last
night we got two chairs on the side you
know when me and Jacqueline come if you
want to go on a date we do we have to
leave we have two chairs and then we got
new chairs right here I guess this is
like a little bar area or just for the
people who don't want to sit at the
table you can just lay your food right
here oh and don't forget for anyone
sitting here you spill paper towel right
here look before I moved out I spilled
something out of it like this just like
blew it out them down since I live alone
you gotta clean make sure everything is
clean and okay so we move over down here
this table is a gift from my dad because
this is actually from the old house and
all you guys know that I missed the old
house so much I miss everything about it
but my dad surprised me with this table
which we had ever since we were kids
from the whole house so I really really
like it this couch I bought last night
oh wait I'm neck dad I know dad what do
you want don't even text me or call me
listen so my dad told me my dad has a
table over here okay I kept saying dad
don't you think she'd be closer to the
couch she kept saying no I kept saying
but why well this is why now I know dad
so we got the reclining sofa facing the
TV obviously and talked about a leg
workout look what you closed this
that's a local account so we got the
reclining sofa over here I plan on
buying
one more chair not like a regular Chuck
I plan on buying like one of those big
massage chairs or climbing ones so I'm
like I said the room isn't done the
apartment is not done this is just what
we've got done in one day we have a TV
the dresser this far I'm going to say
for last cuz I really liked that pie I
feel like that's gonna end up being my
favorite part of the house this time I
really don't know
oh my dad it's like these you're telling
me about the table hey Dad you made onto
MTV Cribs when you left I tried to move
the table closer to the couch and then
during the tour I tried to lift up the
couch okay anyways got the pole keep on
with the tour let me just say shout-out
to my dad who would the past two days he
left work really really early to come
and help me like set everything up and
assemble everything and it turns out
that he actually like my dad put in the
most work me and Dennis were helping him
same with Jack and my mom but my dad
ended up doing like a majority of this
so shout out to my dad for doing that
helping me put this together and now
let's all hold on guys here's the
thermostat uh you know I used to always
tell my parents with the electric bill
back at the house you know that AC you
know that but now that I pay all that
for myself it's the AC Oh would you lazy
on the ACS to say I live over to the
bedroom no like I said God we're not oh
look at the laptop on my editing program
you still gotta work just cuz you live
alone don't you relax
so here's my bedroom we obviously got
the bed from the house I was living at I
love this bed I didn't
a new one this is my bed and I liked it
very much came with a ceiling fan that's
the good thing about this place we
didn't have to install it it already
came with it we've got my TV which in
the future we plan on hanging up right
here but for now since it's only my
second day or pretty much my first day
because yesterday we got in really
really late we just have it on a dresser
but it's gonna be hung up soon now over
here you see the chair and this is going
to be my editing station there is no
desk yet because last time when we went
to Jerome we went to really really
layout they were closing so I only had
time to get the sofa but sooner or later
I'm gonna have a desk here I'm gonna
have my laptop right here and this is
going to be my editing station I think
it's really cool my bed right there get
up a few steps and I'll be editing my
youtube videos now let's make our way
over to this side I see you put the TV
in your side over yeah because we're
gonna be watching Devin Booker 70 point
game oh another neat thing about this
apartment I know a lot of apartment
complexes have like the washer and dryer
down in some room like away from them
or made you have to buy your own washer
and dryer but this complex comes with
it's very own washer and dryer so we got
these in here and oh yeah my dad also
gave me a few tools in here as a little
gift
so yeah that's me I like that it already
came with it oh you're laughing behind
the camera you think it's funny I can't
close the door
listen what's so hard about this why do
they have to make it okay whatever guys
now we're going to head into the walk-in
closet now before you walk in and say
old lady do we have that many shirts
guys I didn't have time to move all my
clothes which by the way I only wear
like two shirts in my life anyways but
who wait my mom's gonna kill me mom when
you watch this I'm in a huge rush I'm
gonna go play basketball right when I
finish this video so please bear with me
this part my mom isn't supposed to see
so mom just imagine this is invisible
let my mom see this part here mom would
hunger no wrinkles nothing anyways guys
I only had enough room in my car to
bring these clothes so far couple pair
of shoes my Nike slippers
I like this closet the size of jacks are
good I have enough room for my dresser
Oh
shoutout to Jackie's mom and Jackie's
mom's boyfriend they got me this Versace
duffel bag it's very very nice that's
good they love me I like the walk-in
closet it's it's spacious obviously you
see I'm gonna be able to fit all my
clothes and much more I'm gonna be able
to fit my shoes Jackie's gonna have
enough room to fit her stuff oh and for
everybody asking a lot of people are
asking is Jackie moving in with you you
know is she like living there with you
and the answer is she's not officially
moving in with me like it's like haha
yeah like she's gonna be here most of
the time she's gonna spend every single
night here yeah but she's not leaving
from her family you know she still wants
to spend time with her family I still
want her to spend time with her family
so she's gonna be here every night and
I'm gonna spend a bunch of time with her
and she's gonna have a lot of her
clothes here on her shoes and herself
but she's still gonna be living at home
it's confusing guys but it's like 50/50
it's a lot better for me cuz I'm closer
to my
now we can all like do things together
you know yeah when we used to live I
mean I say you it's only been like one
hand but when I lived in the mansion
house up in wherever we were living
Jackie was so far away from her family
she barely had time to see any of them
but now that I moved down here you know
we all have time to even I have time to
see her family because I used to see her
family of law before we move on to where
Jackie's gonna be spending most of her
time on the toilet
okay you guys we have a nice little
bathroom here clean little set up you
already know the Gucci Guilty I would
spray myself I'm about to go play
basketball so so that's got it like I
said nothing is really too big or too
spacious I feel like this place is
perfect for the two of us because it's
like cozy and tight-knit you know what I
mean
come here dens we got the shower right
here I have to go let me just say I
already had shampoo up the whole house I
already had body wash I had a loofah but
what's so fun about moving out you're
just gonna bring all your old stuff so I
have to go to Walmart last night I
bought some things just to feel like I
officially moved down to the shower
again like I said the house has been
completed so I need to get the shower
curtain unless you just want to walk me
wait you guys and I want to show us some
cool stuff look this apartment is so new
but like the half shells and like even
here which is so nice because you know
how when you open the said she mentioned
how this apartment is new and there's a
lot of new things about it well I'm not
sure if you heard me in my past video
but I mentioned how the building
actually opened yesterday so no one has
ever lived here nobody has ever like
step foot here except the people yeah
what yeah we're gonna be the first
people to ruin it no but really that's
the neat thing it's its newly built they
just finished yesterday and they opened
it for us yesterday so this is cool now
earlier in the video I promised you I
would show you something outside which
it's a small little area nothing too
crazy nothing too big you know I'm not
about to go pop up like a swimming pool
or a basketball court but it's a nice
little area that I feel like in a couple
of weeks or a couple months this part's
gonna end up being my favorite part of
this place so three two one
we got a little patio area and again
like everything else about this place
it's not too bad
nothing like crazy huge it's just
perfect size that's what I love about
this place one side it's one side yeah
so we got a little patio table and fits
a couple people here we got a nice
little view of the outside you know we
could go car watching but I like this
little area and honestly yeah it's like
cozy especially for San Diego weather
it's never too cold it's never going to
snow and it's never going to be
extremely hot so it's just perfect like
I don't know guys I like everything
about it so far it's only been obviously
like a matter of hours barely two days
but I like everything about it but uh
this is the home tour for the apartment
tour probably some of you guys were
expecting like me to reveal a huge
mansion or you know some type of house
but honestly the lesson I learned from
living in a mansion the past couple
months is that just because you have the
money or just because you're able to do
it you don't need to go out and buy like
a huge place what I learned was that big
homes or mansions or a lot of money that
can't buy your happiness me and my
family lived in a mansion for the past
couple months and none of us were truly
happy so yes I look able to go house
shopping and I was able to go out and
look at two-story houses three-story
houses you know mansion I was able to do
that but then I sat down and thought
about it and I'd rather have something
small cozy and just something that would
make me happy and I feel like for me and
my girlfriend and even when my family
comes to visit because I'm telling you
mom yeah Brian Bosley or any of my
cousins whenever you
these are sleepover come over my house
is your house except for the payments
but now so I just feel like this is
perfect for the two of us and I mean I
like it a lot of people are gonna say
you know and you should have got
something bigger you're a youtuber go
look at this youtuber and this youtuber
look at the house that they bought well
like I said we tried that experiment you
know me my brother my mom my dad we did
try we went out and bought a huge
mansion and I don't even know how many
square feet and none of us were truly
happy so I'm glad I picked things I feel
like this suits our style and it's crazy
how much we worked on it in one day like
yeah when I say we work day and night I
mean yesterday like me my dad and my mom
we were like we were done started
working on it in the morning over my son
stuff my whole life I haven't had my own
place and I haven't been on an upper
floor I've always lived it on the load
like in a house so yesterday we're
moving all this stuff and I'm just
tossing them onto the floor making these
loud bangs and I'm like oh yeah I forgot
they're people
all my favorite games usually I cook
corn but this absolutely but yeah so a
lot of people are gonna ask me why are
you going backwards you were in a
mansion and then before that you live in
a two-story house why would you choose
to come to an apartment well as you can
see I wasn't lying when I said I'm about
to go play basketball after this video I
have my basketball shorts on right here
but uh yeah I just I mean yeah I guess
you could say it's a weird choice to go
backwards instead of upgrading but I'm
just doing what makes me happier I'm
doing what I think fits better for my
lifestyle right now maybe when I'm out
of this place the next house I'm gonna
get is gonna be something huge it's
gonna be a home it's not going to be
another apartment it might be a mansion
who knows but for right now I think this
is perfect for the two of us and also my
family whenever they come to visit my
mom and dad loved it I loved it and you
know just a location and the place I'm
so close to the basketball court that I
always play at I swear five moves away
I'm so happy before in the other half I
was thirty minutes away at least at
least thirty minutes hey guys this is a
little tour I hope you guys liked it I
hope you are going to be you know
feeling the same like coziness are the
same like warmth that I feel over here I
feel like everything is so close and
that the thing one thing I hated a lot
from the other house is that whenever I
was at home even if I was with my whole
family
we were so spaced out because there was
so much area in the house it felt like I
was home alone I could be there my mom
would be downstairs and I feel like I'm
home alone but now whatever my fam
they can't get away from me if you're
there and I'm right here I see you I'm
looking at you so it doesn't matter but
uh yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
this is just the room this is just you
know my place but there are a lot of
amenities in this building there's a
bowling alley bowling alley jam what
else is there I'll finally actually
there's like five swimming pools there's
a rooftop Jacuzzi there's a hair salon
there's restaurants it's pretty much
like a hotel and I love everything about
it my dad loves it yeah okay guys so I
just want to close this video out by
saying I can't wait for this next
chapter of my life the new era is
beginning officially today like I said
this whole entire like past week has
just been all talk and then today is
like finally everything is becoming
official everything's actually happening
and another thing I can't wait for it
that my parents told me that they're
looking for
homes in this area so I can't wait to
see how close I'm gonna meet to my
parents and hopefully my brother decides
to come with them but if he doesn't then
I'm gonna support him just like he
supported me so we'll see what my
brother decides to do I also can't wait
to be really really close to Bosley
because I miss it Oh what did I do this
morning where'd I go he literally went
to see him at like 7:00 in the morning
I've been in the morning I helped I said
I said babe I have something very
important to do and I drove all the way
to the house just to see Bosley and then
I came back here well yeah guys I hope
you enjoyed this video let me know what
you think about this place let me know I
mean just everything I want to know what
your guys thoughts and opinions are
don't worry if you don't fully like it
like I said this is just one day I got
to decorate everything I gotta bring the
desk
bring the chair make it Phoenix Suns eat
but yeah drop a like if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new to this channel
other than that guys finally get 2.3
million so much
and I love you guys for supporting me
with this decision because you guys made
it easier on me but I'm so glad I
finally made a choice whatever was that
I decided to do I'm finally glad it's
over because it was so stressful like
just so much weighing on my body I'm
glad it's over guys thank you so much
for watching this video I love you all
and it's time to go play some math oh
wait love you from right here peace and
guys before we officially end this video
I just want to give a huge special
birthday shout out to my good friend
Dennis go show him some love you know
tell him happy birthday let me just say
what this guy did on his birthday he
came and helped me and my dad and my
whole entire family move all of our
stuff
and he got down and assembled it with my
dad and he helped us out so much he was
actually the one driving that you ha and
that's what this guy does on his
birthday so Dennis thank you so much I
appreciate it my whole family does I saw
some comments saying oh look a that is
third-wheeling bro just let them go move
the stuff by themselves he wasn't
third-wheeling he was actually helping
us move everything and it was on his
birthday he could have easily just left
like celebrated water yeah so Dennis
thank you happy birthday bro both of us
off you spoke a lot got a permanent
cough popping them bells again
you should think it was my dog
