yo guys I know this is crazy but the day
is finally here it's time to move all my
stuff out of this house and take them to
the new place thanks to my good friend
Dennis and my dad who is on his way back
from work all three of us are getting
ready to take apart the whole room first
of all can I just say I'm surprised that
these wood pieces are still standing in
one place you know me and Jackie
spending the night here every night I
thought I thought a lot of time we took
the mattress off these would be douche
do that proof to show these are really
really strong pieces so every video
about me moving leading up to this point
has just been me talking about my
decision and blah blah blah today is the
first day where we actually get to work
the first day where you know some action
is involved me and Dennis are about to
go rent a big u-haul truck so that we
could start putting everything in
everything has been all talked up to
this point until today until this
morning it got real like I said I want
to take you guys along with me in this
crazy journey this you know really
really big step I had to take in my life
a new chapter in my life it really is a
new era and you guys are coming along
with me don't say anything really
everything's getting real my last
morning in this house no you guys can
all spend the night tonight real the
life I'm gonna ask from you sandwich I'm
gonna miss that so much
no I you gave me the last piece of that
one I said the new one Brian I made
bother sleep in my room last night
I know I'm gonna miss him so so much I
didn't sleep I kept waking up in the
middle of the night sitting next to mom
Jackie kept waking up and saying what
are you doing and I was like babe
there's my last night with Bosley
sleeping next to me Bosley were you
gonna kill me last night because I kept
waking you up oh no he's gonna wipe his
eyeballs again he's gonna
you know I swear I'm never doing
anything for you unless you give me a
kiss right now
sike got a permanent cough popping them
pills again my first time driving a
u-haul oh my gosh look at me all the
stuff are gonna be back here we're
renting it out right now oh they have
radio ocean Oh hopefully they have
Taylor Swift radio station howdy partner
oh we should have got one that big does
joking and the first person I see right
when I get back home
it's Bosley Bosley I love you I'm gonna
miss you Bo did you sleep in my room
last night for the last time for those
who don't know Bosley was actually my
eighteenth birthday gift I had to beg my
mom and beg my mom please mom please on
my 18th birthday can we please get a dog
and she kept saying no no no and then I
finally convinced her and that's where
this little dude came along for my 18th
birthday present Bosley everybody asked
me are you gonna miss your mom are you
gonna miss your dad are you gonna miss
Bryant and they forget about you Bosley
I'm gonna miss everything about Bosley
from him waking up walking over into my
lap and wiping all of his eye boogers
and his snot on me to him drinking water
and all of the water drools out of his
mouth on my leg to him yawning right in
my face and all his breath hits me and
it smells like shade to him sneezing on
my face when I asked him for a kiss to
me hugging him picking him up everything
Bosley I'm gonna miss you both who do
you think that is wait really look I'm
gonna miss this face barking at
strangers who's that mom you think I'm
joking when I told you last night I
didn't sleep no I literally kept waking
Bosley up I kept petting him he probably
hated me last night but I just wanted to
talk to him I do talk to Bosley good boy
okay guys so we're taking buzzing in the
golf car posi how happy are you okay
guys he's happy trust me he doesn't look
like it but he is he loves the golf cars
this this is Bosley's golf cart the
first thing he asked me when we were
telling him that we're gonna sell the
house he said Brandon are you gonna sell
my golf cart though I said nah don't
worry Bosley we'll take it with us
Bosley do you want high-speed or normal
speed okay you said hi hey where you go
no don't jump off okay guys huge shout
out to my dad he left work early to help
all of us but we nee
you to help us move the stuff come on no
no no no I know you don't like doing
hard work but we need you to move the
stuff coming okay buzzer yeah we're
gonna need you to pick up the mattress
okay hey Nana Nana Nana and Tanner
Tanner he got taller oh my it might be
but no Tanner you really did get taller
yeah he did there's probably a lot of
Janet Fox fans that watch my video so
say what up
sup guys Tanner what do you think about
the move he hasn't seen the apartment
yeah just like you guys I'm tired
are you know thank you for throwing us
being an adult oh thanks
hey I can move in your room but oh yeah
oh yeah we'll talk about the pricing
will negotiate the price and once I
leave it's just so sad oh you can never
forget a good old oil wife found under
the bed and for memories fine we'll
leave it for memories just joking my
mom's gonna slap me it is time to move
my clothes and my shoes my mom told me
to only take the important things the
things that I really want and the rest
of the clothes we're gonna donate yeah
we're gonna donate whether it's to
family members who don't have that much
or two people out there who don't have
that much so since my mom said we're
only gonna take the important clothes um
thanks for telling me that mom yes
oh wait to shoot oh I need a towel for
when I shower the Sun oh wait we got
sons oh there we go
I could have swore I had another Devin
Booker Jersey Oh
okay mom I think that's oh wait oh wait
oh I think that's all I need you said
just the important okay good oh no I was
so happy that I'm gonna done it well I'm
not moving out anymore let's bring all
my stuff back into the house thank you
okay guys so I told my mom how once I
moved all my stuff into the apartment
that I was gonna head over to a store
and buy you know spoons knife oryx cups
pots pans still be playing with pots and
pans and then her mother instincts
kicked in
and I didn't even know look what's
inside of this box so she already okay
that's for sure Brian I knew it I knew
it you could hear from mile away that's
a mother's nightmare Brian and Tanner in
one place two Devils okay pots and pans
brand-new mom when did you even buy this
I didn't even know
oh my gosh my mom's mother instincts
kicked in and she already packed all
this for me mom thank you so much a
coffee maker and coffee mugs for
Jackie's Wow best mom award a hundred
percent thank you so much mom mom what
do I need I need a couch a table chairs
or a desk to edit my videos today it's a
hectic day one of the busiest days of my
life and I'm still managing to vlog all
this for you guys I promise you guys you
guys will be with me right by my side
through this whole entire process okay
guys here we are empty room and ready to
say goodbye to my brother
the reason we're up here alone is
because I think me and Brian are kind of
the same we don't like to show too much
emotion in front of the family so we'd
rather do it alone but I'm gonna miss
Brian so much like look at this guy's 20
years of living with each other I'm not
gonna cry I am so I don't care but it's
just gonna be crazy like me and my
brother both probably thought that this
day would come
much later yeah but like certain
theories like it's just crazy guys like
me and my brother all the memories we
have like my brother not only are we
close like friends because we're like
close in age but we've just always been
close in terms of like he'll be right
here and I'll be right here like our
room table over yeah those together and
like whenever we were in school we would
like 24 hours in a day like we'd
probably be or like see each other like
at least 12 hours it number when you
moved into my room we live in the same
house we had extra rooms and Brian moved
into my room
we lived by God it's just crazy I'm
gonna miss by bridges a little miss you
man like waking up and not seeing like I
don't know it's gonna be a whole
different like environment for you same
with me now that you're not gonna be
here it's gonna be like different that's
crazy like you always imagined maybe
like when brothers are younger you know
they're super close with each other and
as they get older they like grow apart
but me and Brian never even like grew up
are like yeah I don't know and then like
I told them this morning they took your
earrings out Brian I told you keep them
I think is a lot I'm moving this is why
I'm moving he doesn't listen to you came
alone yeah so I was gonna say Brian woke
up this morning and he came up to you by
the way you know bad breath and crusty
lips and everything Riley woke up like
do you have like a l√∫thien should I
take the mouse I leave them in
I think he looks great so like who's he
gonna wake up to it asking flies now I
know I was always there from you were
always there for me first of all you
ain't even listening took them out but
yeah Brian I'm gonna miss you I need to
go get a lot done so I'll hopefully try
to like come see the apartment generally
or tomorrow come whenever I want I'll
probably come back here like after you
guys sell it let me know what you plan
on doing that guys I'm not the only one
let's make a tough decision my brother
called me has the law on his mind right
now he has to make used to shame and my
parents also like and I was just the
first one who made the decision but
there's a lot more to come from him my
mom and dad so I don't know I'm gonna
miss you Brian but it's time to keep
going on with my day someone cutting on
you think so I think so we're about to
leave to the apartment for the last time
I'm gonna wipe off those eye boogers
coming one time one time okay and then
let's give them a kiss
you got to take advantage when he's
tired because when he's hyper he runs
around but now that he's tired
oh he saw is enough energy to curve me
Bosley I'm leaving
you want to come with me to the new
apartments yeah you can sleep in your
bed in my room they don't allow young
Metro don't trust me and method only
help Milla fine to myself Lauren started
atl we're here guys once again shout out
to my dad for leaving work and helping
us out oh and if you guys think you're
getting like a room reveal or like a
condo tour in this video
good one guys that's gonna be tomorrow's
video so today was just like the whole
process saying goodbye to my family my
last moments in my old house and moving
all myself and then tomorrow's videos
probably what everybody's waiting for
tomorrow's video is going to be a full
room full of par man condo whatever you
want to call it reveal showing you
everything and I hope you guys are
excited for that with me Brian follow me
over here I don't want to skip any sets
I don't want to go from making my
decision to just showing you the room I
want to bring you guys with me every
single step of the way even if you guys
hate me for it you guys support me and I
want you guys to be by my side with
everything I do in this journey look who
decided to show up to help us move stuff
she just got off work and she's ready to
help what a wonderful girlfriend guys
Jacki hasn't even seen the apartment yet
she's like you guys it's because she's
been so busy with work that she just
hasn't had time but now she's gonna see
everything whereas you guys have to wait
till tomorrow I know you guys probably
hate me for that but why'd you cry she's
crying cuz she's proud of me I'm crying
cuz I'm missing Bosley's I swear I cried
last night I don't care all a minute I
literally cried and Jackie noticed I
thought she was asleep so I'm like okay
she's not gonna see me I was just
staring at Bosley and I started tearing
up
I'm gonna miss Bosley sleeping in my
room so much and everything but Jackie
caught me bro guys it's time right now
we're finding a loading zone to park the
you want to move all of our stuff
because I'm signing some last papers
right now but shout out to Jackie she
came through with the in and out burger
ways out for me or you thanks guys oh my
gosh they gave me a goodie bag it's like
Halloween what is this oh it's a water
container I thought it was a champagne
bottle I got excited oh my god
dishwashing soap toilet paper
angel soft bat this one's the expensive
one now my ass won't get a rash cuz it's
Angel Soft guys were in the staircase
right now and everything smells like new
paint it just smells like construction
for those who missed my last video I
mentioned how this building is brand-new
nobody has ever lived in this building
as a matter of fact the building opened
today everybody came to move in today
it's like the first day of school
everybody shows up you can tell smells
brand-new okay guys so we got all our
stuff right here we got to move them
right now it's actually a pretty far
walk we thought it would be closed early
keep my clothes a widdle white horse
join three lines i caddied we're slowly
emptying it all out shout out to Jackie
Alto for helping shout out to Dennis to
all the way back there here's an updated
look at the elevator right now it's
crazy packed look it might not look like
it but look at the back there is
everything filled from the bottom to the
top and we still got more stuff to come
this is crazy guys it's my first time
moving out obviously so this is all new
to me for all of the elevator guys yo it
smells like Sh in here we're all
sweating and from moving all the stuff
it's not like a basketball court
honestly but we're not done guys we
still have the bed mattress and the cows
give this video a big like with your mom
when you watch this I miss you too and I
can't wait till we finish getting all
the furniture in there so they could
come see my apartment guys I swear we're
sweating and panting just as if we just
play like a full basketball game this is
so tiring but it's a good workout and
I'm gonna be super sore when I go to
play basketball tomorrow thankfully we
got a help from everybody because it's
really helping out and I appreciate it
I'm never moving out I swear I'm never
doing this process again I'm living here
forever
if anyone tells me oh we got to move all
this stuff again I'm saying no no no no
no I'd rather live here for 80 years
than ever go through this whole moving
process again this is only halfway guys
move out any time soon or holes moving
anything home saying hell no I'm gonna
give them the death stare the Undertaker
death see I swear okay since you guys
can't see what the condo looks like just
yet we put Jackie in timeout we cornered
her and we're gonna ask her what she
thinks about this remember this is her
first time seeing the place babe what do
you think
first night yeah I know thank you for
helping
it's really nice for like your apartment
it's really nice thank you
and guys keep in mind we haven't even
got that most of the furniture yet so it
looks really nice and we're only like
halfway through so I can't wait to show
you when it's fully done that video will
be up to morrow guys randomly in a
cabinet look what I found babe it's your
sock how to end up in one of the cat
seats it's Jackie socks okay guys we
have guest number two in timeout look
who decided to show up after all those
years when I was a kid you put me in
timeout now it's my turn
thanks for coming what do you think so
far well I can't really show where my
mom is walking but can anyone tell me
what time it is
ten forty one and we are not even done
with this my mom is asleep my dad had to
go home obviously I owe him so much
because he did a bunch of this so for
him to go home and go to sleep he
deserves it so right now it's me Jackie
and Dennis twelve hours later after we
started this process still working on
the place okay guys so I think this is
gonna close out today's video I really
hope you guys enjoyed watching probably
the busiest day of my life the crazy day
of my life
the most emotional day of my life is the
final day actually living with my family
and saying my final goodbyes it's gonna
be crazy but like I said before the good
thing is my parents are gonna be moving
around this area I don't know what
Brian's gonna do yet but hopefully he
comes down and moved in this area yeah
thank you guys so much for supporting me
in my last video and just your feedback
helps so much and just thank you guys
for always being there for me all you
guys who are watching this video or even
if you'll get a chance to watch this
video but you support me over Twitter
Instagram thank you guys so much because
you made this decision so much easier
for me now on to thanking this girl
right here thanking my dad thanking
Dennis my mom Brian everybody who helped
us move this stuff over here
it's a crazy workload and we're not done
guess what I'm about to right now I'm
about to go to the furniture store and
go get some couches tables chairs and
start moving all those so I gotta end
the vlog right now because I have a lot
to do once my girlfriend stops touching
my butt anyways guys thank you so so
much for watching this video again I'm
gonna sleep like a baby tonight final
after all these weeks of stressing and
you know decision-making and just cloudy
thoughts I finally have moved in and I
can't wait for tomorrow's video to show
you guys what this actually looks like I
think you guys are gonna like it I love
the place yeah I got to keep getting to
wear them but thank you to once again
everybody who helped thank you for you
guys for your support I am oh I love you
guys all and thank you so much for
watching this video peace out guys hey
it belongs
