now we are going to sell this house that
we just moved into everybody's kind of
weighing their options and one of my
options would be to move out on my own I
have found this place that I've kind of
fallen in love with still haven't fully
made a decision it's all because of my
parents and my family if I'm not gonna
show you guys the apartment until I
decide to move in or not Bosley if I
move I'm gonna miss you so much okay
guys so right now it is time to break it
to you guys I'm sure what a lot of
people have been waiting for
I get multiple tweets and multiple
comments and just multiple mentions
daily not just from you guys but from my
own family members and my own friends
and everybody I know asking me the
question Brandon did you decide if
you're going to move out or did you
decide if you're going to be staying
with your family and when I say that
this is the hardest decision I've ever
had to make in my whole entire life like
that's not a joke it's not something
that I just throw around I kid you not
like Brian if you think you've ever had
to make a hard decision like I did like
the tattoo that you got this morning or
lamb or Brian no before before this
decision I had to make I used to think
those little things were big decision
ice to stress over little things but now
when I put myself in a decision where it
came down to either moving out away from
these people and Bosley who's not here
right now because he refused to come to
my room or to stay and just like that
decision I just I couldn't make up my
mind I kid you not I couldn't sleep at
night I would wake up and you know
usually I wake up and think of all it's
time to go play basketball it's time to
go to the gym but now these recent weeks
I would wake up and my whole mind will
be filled with okay what decision am I
gonna make it was just crazy my whole
mind was clouded with thoughts and
anyways guys like all that is pretty
much over with the deadlines past like I
said three days ago I put a deposit down
and what that means was that you
we had three days after you put a
deposit to make up your mind either
you're going to move into the place that
you put a deposit in or you're gonna
pull your name back out and you're not
moving those three days have passed and
my decision is here I'm sure this
decision is going to be you know really
tough not just to hear from my family
but for me to explain and at the end of
the day the thing that makes it easier
is that I know they all support me with
whatever I do that was one of the
biggest reasons I made the decision that
I'm about to explain to you guys is
because I know I have the support of
both my parents and my brother and if
you can't really tell where this is
going I decided to make the decision go
ahead and move into the brand-new luxury
apartment by myself and leave my
beautiful family I know it sounds harsh
when I say I say it leave in a bad way
but I don't mean leave I mean move out
that's exactly what I mean and let's say
big listen guys
let me just elaborate a little bit first
and foremost let me just say that like I
love my family there there's no way I'm
not leaving because me and my family
have beef I'm not leaving because I want
to leave them I'm not leaving because I
want to get away and that I've had
enough of living with them it's not that
at all
although I do want to pledge mine is
equal this phone now well he needs to
check his video you just uploaded it but
it's not bad at all it's just that guys
us living in this new house has just
been like I don't want to say terrible
because the house itself is very very
beautiful and we're all lucky and
blessed to be living here it's just the
area is not for us it's not it's just
very different and like I said in my
previous videos you wouldn't be able to
know what we're talking about unless
you're actually here because when we say
we don't like living here a lot of you
guys are like are you guys stupid you're
living in a mansion but like money
doesn't buy your happiness a mansion
can't buy happiness it's just like I had
to make this decision and all of us are
in the middle of making tough decisions
my parents need to decide something my
brother needs to decide something and I
was just the first one to make this
decision and let me tell you guys one
thing the biggest biggest reason why I'm
not really too upset right now about the
decision I made
and that my parents still are kind of
smiling and that is because but well now
I'm just jumpy god that's because for a
lot of you guys who follow my videos
religiously in yesterday's video I was
like stressed I got pretty much lost I
even had to apologize and just like
admit to you guys that I feel like I'm
going crazy from this decision and the
worst part was like I said I have three
days to make this decision so last night
being the last day I was literally
hearing like a clock in my head going
like a table to talk tick-tock band and
make your decision and then my parents
came up to me and they explained to me
that because we are selling this mansion
like I said nobody really knows where
they want to go after this my parents
came up to me and they told me that no
matter what happens when they leave that
they will be moving into pretty much the
same area that I'm gonna be in and I'm
not saying they're gonna move into that
apartment complex or they're gonna move
right next door but they told me that
the houses they'll look for are going to
be in that very area so no matter what
when my parents move out I'm going to be
within like a five minute maybe ten
minute distance away from them and that
made this decision so easy because put
youtube aside let's just focus on my
life like I can't live without my
parents that's like anybody can tell I'm
not afraid to admit I love my parents
and I'm sure the same with Brian live
without your brother but okay well I
can't live without my brother either but
when they told me they were moving into
that very area that made my decisions so
much easier because that way I felt like
even though I'm living alone my parents
are right around the corner and I know a
lot of you guys are gonna be like oh you
know that's some baby stuff you're 22
years old I don't care I'm a mama's boy
I'm a dad's boy if that's what you call
it oh yeah so when they told me that
they were gonna be moving closer it it
literally made my decision like this I
was like okay I found it myself
thankfully to them because if it wasn't
for them telling you that I would have
been forced to make a decision and even
after I made the decision I would've
been like oh did I make the right choice
or did I pick like blah blah blah but
since they told me that I'm a hundred
percent comfortable in my choice I'm
100% comfortable in my decision and I
feel like I made the right move so a lot
of people who were wondering oh yeah I
said put my youtube-channel sighs now to
bring up my youtube channel a big part
of this dress or a big part of me
deciding I'm gonna move or not came down
to you know what are my video is going
to be
because a lot of my videos are including
my family like half my videos are using
my brother for view so how was I gonna
do that if I move into an apartment by
myself all my blog will still feature my
family I'm going to be seeing them every
single day like if they're right around
the corner you bet your ass I'm gonna be
visiting them every single day so it's
gonna be like yes I'm moving out yes I'm
living on my own pretty much me and
Jackie I mean Jackie isn't officially
moving in because you know she still has
a family and her mom loves and
everything but she's gonna be there all
the time the thing with my youtube
channel is that I'll still be seeing my
family so all that stress of okay what
are my videos gonna be like without them
it went away because I know all my
videos will still feature them so they
get to my mom and dad I made that
decision so much easier and I'm excited
I'm a little scared I'm not gonna lie
I've never lived alone before so it's
obviously like a little nerve-wracking a
little scary but at the end of the day
you have to grow up at one point I'm not
gonna be like fifty years old living
with my parents so at the end of the day
I'm not that 40 year old virgin mom I
think I'm a little past the virgin part
but my mom she doesn't hit me but yeah
guys I'm excited I'm nervous but at the
same time I'm ready for only positive
vibes because like I said this whole
past week or past couple weeks I've just
been so like dressed and like didn't
know what to do that I just I wasn't
really happy and I was always like
stressed and I was always just
questioning what I should do but now
that I made my decision and now that my
parents told me the great news that
they're gonna be living with in that
same area it like it made me feel so
like I finally feel like I weigh 135
pounds again because I felt like I
weighed 500 pounds in past couple weeks
because of all the stress weighing down
on me I'm happy with my decision like I
said earlier like a couple videos ago if
my parents if I didn't have the support
of my parents I wouldn't have moved out
they told me they don't want me to move
out and that they didn't like me moving
out I would have stayed with them here
so all the first ones to make my
decision now I'm gonna wait to see what
these three do okay what I'm gonna miss
is this long table what would I have at
home I think you're not happy to get
away from them no no no you know what I
I would be in the kitchen cooking
don't you get tired of this we're gonna
miss his life the Bratislava yeah
now I'm gonna miss everything about him
but when I see him happy and he wants to
do this I'll support you 100% specially
he's not going far you might get close
to him and anytime he need us or we need
him he's gonna be there he better be
there oh thank you mama wrong thanks for
your opinion now you want to regret okay
well first things first
but we've lived together for 23 years
for years what I'm just joking our whole
lives basically and it's gonna be so
weird like cuz you're the first person
ever like moving away from our family
like and we've always been together no
matter what but like I said I've wanted
to say it but like I was thinking if
you're happy and happy there and then
that's all I'm matters and we're all
still gonna be close together so I feel
like we're not gonna be like separated
so as long as you're happy
okay I'm gonna miss you be the short
talker I'm the longest straight to the
point
so next we have pop of rugs opinions
well okay okay well like I said it's you
made your decision so that's the first
thing we're gonna get through this like
somebody moving out of this house yeah
and like I said we know what kind about
this day is gonna come but you know it
came okay yeah came and you you're gonna
move on your life and the day you don't
come to us we're gonna go on video don't
worry I'll be coming to you guys every
single day trust me yeah either what you
guys come on
different between our family and some
other family that they have teenager and
maybe those teenager goes spend the
night out or go out and don't come home
to three days us we see each other every
day every hour every minute if they're
home we sit together with anyways guys
one last thing
first and foremost now that I know I
have my family's support and that you
know they're with me the whole way
through I hope I have your guys's
support because just like this is my
blood family love yeah you guys are also
my family just not in blood so I hope
you guys support this decision one of
you got the biggest worries that I saw
in the comment section cuz trust me one
big factor of me moving out but okay
what are the robots whoa I'm gonna think
about this I need to see your guys
opinions I was scrolling down comments
on every single video about me moving
out and a huge thing that you guys said
was don't move out because your videos
are going to be boring without your
family told you guys don't really have
to worry because all the videos I'm not
gonna say they will be the same but
compared to maybe if they moved you know
somewhere far away and they're really in
my video like once or twice a week none
of that it's gonna be they will be my
videos almost every single day so I feel
like you guys don't have to worry about
that it's just that's fine decision and
don't blame them don't give him some hay
because you think we're not happy about
this it's okay with us now yeah of
course no was the first like was
shocking what Brian Brian
Brandon and then Brian's gonna come and
say I'm moving where we gonna do oh we
have Bosley fence guy the object so
don't give him any hate support him give
him love we're okay with it we're
hundred-percent with him with his
decision long as he's happy and guys
thank you for like me like I said I felt
like I was losing my mind and going
crazy these past couple weeks but thanks
you guys a lot of people in the comment
section a lot of people tweeting me you
guys kind of kept me like like okay just
relax random whatever you decide you're
still gonna have 2.3 million people
behind you so you guys helped out a lot
and Brian are gonna come because
oh yeah you want to go I'm sorry I
didn't yes all your tattoos but let's
show them some love love guys show me
some love to a paper and I'll see what I
come home ok no guys so I mean to close
out this segment I just want to say like
last time a lot of people might have
thought this was an easy decision or
that I was just dragging it out to get
more videos or more views and that's
it's definitely the opposite if it was
up to me I wish I could just get this
decision over with as fast as I could
but that wasn't the case I just kept
imagining life without my parents every
single day being there because like I
just like I said I can't live without
them just who knows maybe if you guys
never came to me and told me you were
moving back into that area with me who
knows maybe I would make the decision to
stay like I would I would be clueless
right now so thank you guys for helping
me I feel like in my heart I made the
right decision
what did the Bron James do when he left
Cleveland he went to Miami and then he
came back to Cleveland
who knows maybe because for those who
don't know they said they it's a
one-year agreement that I had this place
so maybe I'll go for a one-year and come
back to my parents we'll see you guys
anyway I'm home I have everybody's
support just like these to support me I
hope you guys all support me and I'm
looking forward to the next chapter in
my life it really is a whole brand new
chapter I used to think other little
things were chapters in my life but this
is really the next big chapter we tried
this house out and I'm not scared to say
that it filled it just completely failed
I hope everybody actually this house
whatever everyone is happy wasn't just
you like even like I know you're in the
beginning who was it you were against it
yeah we're like you guys we like it but
now I'm not 20 feet is anything but I
tried to tell them all like god this
house is not for us and they kept saying
come on Brandon let's just go we came
and now everybody just doesn't really
like the area no it's okay you live and
you learn by experiment so yeah I just
hope everybody's happy after they decide
to do whatever they're gonna do after
this I'm happy with my decision guys
other than that I hope you guys support
me I'm going through closes how I need
especially
yeah god I must spend the rest of today
obviously now guys yeah I'm gonna go
play some basketball then after that I'm
going to be spending the rest of my day
and with my family and then tomorrow I'm
going to be renting a u-haul truck and
it sounds crazy but moving everything
that I have yeah and it guys this isn't
just emotional for my parents I
obviously won't show it on camera but
then tomorrow for me like video uploaded
lately and you've been talking about
this I know but what they're thinking is
oh maybe just emotional for the parents
but no guys it's emotional for me too
like it's not just the fact that okay
I'm leaving my pants but the fact that
I'm 22 years old that I'm able to be
moving out on my own thanks to you guys
is like an plus think so but your hard
work it's like it's it's crazy that's
emotional it's also I don't know guys
everything about this I'm just gonna
take a second to just let it all sink in
it was a crazy process but now I finally
made my decision the weight is off my
shoulders and I hope you guys are happy
with this so I can't wait to show you
the home reveal will be out on Friday
tomorrow's video is going to be my
basketball game but on Friday I'm going
to show you guys my full apartment
reveal other than that mom won't kiss on
the cheek my last kiss joking joking
Brandon aka bruh waters you need some
water cuz I think your mouth is dry God
let me just say this is going to be my
last night in this house and I'm not
gonna miss it too much so long I'm not
I'm not I'm gonna miss being my family
but not this house peace out guys
look at the rock on the street I wonder
what that's doing there oh wait
someone shattered the fucking window on
my fucking I ain't through I can walk
out of my car and fucking ran away in
case you guys don't know the whole fan
situation where these fans that come to
our house disrespect our property and
everything has gone really really bad
and so me and my brother have made
efforts to solve this but it just keeps
getting worse so we started looking at
houses look at this this is just the
entrance so this would be what my dad
guys this is crazy every single room no
matter how big how small has its own
balcony that's crazy this house is
beautiful
we're actually heading over to the new
house a potential new house for us I
think it's like what maybe like a 90%
chance that we're all moving into here
so it's basically our new house
you
