what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video so we're starting
this morning off just as every other
morning I have my basketball shirt on my
basketball shorts you know my basketball
alley sucks and I'm getting ready to go
play basketball right then I get a
snapchat hold on you know what let me
just wait to explain it in front of my
mom and Brian because mom good morning
we have the fattest sandwich on earth it
comes with 90 slices of turkey 18 slices
of bacon four slices of tomatoes eight
different cheeses and six slices of
lettuce mom everything looks good yeah
oh wait we're not done o fries Brian
good morning how's it going so I'm about
to get ready to go to the gym right
usual everyday thing and I get a
snapchat from all lead he sends me a
snapchat of the basketball court at LA
Fitness okay
there's glass shattered everywhere I
guess somebody tried to dunk their ass
off I don't know who they thought they
were Blake Griffin yes so I called all
Leo's like can you please ask how long
it's gonna take guys you know me that's
my only form of fun I play basketball
every single day and Ollie asked them
and they said that first they got to
clean all the glass obviously it's all
over the court then they need to place a
order for a new backboard and then once
the order finally comes in God knows how
long that's gonna take then they're
gonna start building it so Brian that's
what I'm gonna tell you so today if
you're wondering Brandon why do you
solve your basketball clothes on if
someone shattered the backboard
well I am going to go to a new gym one
that I've never been to no no I was
gonna stop it from playing basketball so
I'm about to go to a different gym I've
never been to before hopefully the runs
are good but don't fret everybody you
all know me and all we are going
Justin's going and my other friends from
the gym are going there before yeah we
formed our team and to the person who
decided was a good idea to dunk their
ass off it was probably marques Chris
honestly okay I'm gonna go play some
basketball with
friends do you want to come we'll drive
in your golf cart and we'll go to the
gym and play some basketball okay guys
so we walk into a gym right look at the
Kornet lead role this is so small look
Oh Dennis other people like you you
might see the ball and be like what is
he doing up there
but people like me understand exactly
why that balls up there is because I see
you lose a game you guys somebody didn't
go and you throw the ball super hard the
way that ball got stuck you could
already tell the person who threw it
lost bad probably 15 to 0 or something
hey you thought I had trouble trying to
shoot a corner 3 hub look it's mushroom
shout out shout out to the widest one
it's been a while but we've back in the
motherfucker belt is strong ok so
imagine I pass it to all these let's see
what's gonna happen all you can fit you
just can't move you have to shoot it
Alonzo J you look clean wrong haircut
chiseled we came here with our 5 let's
just say they don't want us to ever come
back to this gym they were asking us oh
why are you coming here why don't you go
back to your guys the gym we're like
sorry our back board Spokane we didn't
lose a single game we want what six in a
row I don't know it was a good time
ball is live with all my friends look at
this guy oh you see the camera guys this
is Jay's dream of veggie pizza how long
have you been vegetarian four months
four months and you love every second of
it barbecue chicken pizza when we play
cash and his brother what's gonna happen
barbecue chicken whenever they're ready
whenever they're ready they're not gonna
be ready it's because Cash was tweeting
on Twitter how him and his brother are
the best
two-on-two duo and nobody could beat
them so I'm just like y'all I play
basketball my good friend Ollie plays
basketball also so let's make it a
challenge so we're waiting we are
actually about to go visit the condos or
the apartments one last time it's
getting closer and closer to the time
where I have to make my decision and I
just want to make sure like a hundred
percent that these are what I'm looking
for and this is what I want so we're
gonna go one last time
there's the genome right there and it's
free story I'll talk to the second floor
that's the third floor and the first
floor is underground
Lynn and Manon Nana Manon can anybody
guess where I am right now pop the old
house guys
you already know since I was already in
the area looking at what might be my new
apartment that old house is right here I
had to come by I had to come see it look
at this I missed this place so so much
like the desk the frickin walls oh my
gosh
look Jackie's eyelashes the legend of
Jackie's eyelashes the broken closet cuz
one time the sons lost and I threw my
phone through here oh look who remembers
me starting my videos like this well
okay the desk used to be the desk used
to be way more back with whatever
memorize to start the videos over here
or remember what I used to put the
camera here and see I do my talking
videos with the background a lot of
people keep telling me if you miss this
area so much and you miss the old house
so much why don't you just move back
into the old house well my answer to
that is because the whole reason we even
left this house is because it started
getting too dangerous too many haters
would come by and do stuff to the house
for example look look there's egg stains
all over because people would egg the
house and then obviously the whole thing
that happened how people smashed my new
car so it was just too dangerous and
then even like my mom would tell me how
she would try to take out the trash and
she would see people like hiding around
the neighborhood so we can't trust me if
it weren't if it were up to me or my
family if it weren't for those haters we
would have never even moved out of here
we were happy now the other thing I
wanted to address I don't know if some
of you guys remember but when I made
that video where I took my parents and
gave them the tour of the apartment and
everything we actually sat down with a
leasing manager and during that time
that we were signing papers I actually
put my name down and I put a deposit
down and what that means is pretty much
I had a couple of days to make a
decision me meaning if I decided to move
there then my name is already on the
papers I already have an apartment it
was already set in stone and if I
decided not to move there
then I only had a couple of days to call
them back and pull my name
and the big news I have for you guys is
that today is actually the last day
tomorrow morning if I don't pull my name
out then I'm officially moved in into
the new apartment so I'm sitting here
speaking to you guys at 4:30 p.m. and
I'm sitting here speaking to you guys
and I still don't have an answer whether
I'm gonna move out or not if I want to
cancel it and I want to stay with my
parents
I gotta call them back within a couple
hours and be like yo I don't want to do
it guys it's such a freaking hard
decision so many people tweet me every
day telling me y'all bro did you make
your decision what are you gonna do and
I just I keep going back and forth one
day I wake up and I'm like yo I'm gonna
move out and then the next day I wake up
and I'm like I love my family so much I
can't leave my family and I don't know
guys it's a crazy decision but that is
the big news that I want to tell you
guys is that I actually have only a
couple hours to make my decision and and
what's crazy is that usually if people
are you know disclose to the deadline
they already have their decision made up
but for me I'm literally gonna take all
the way until the last minute to make my
decision I don't know like my family has
warmed up to it they they pretty much
tell me you know if you want to go you
can go we love you and we know you're
making the right decision but if you
want to stay you can also stay so I
guess like tomorrow my video for you
guys is going to be the decision that I
made and when I tell you guys I'm split
in half I'm literally like half of me
wants to go to this new apartment and
the other half of me wants to stay and
wherever my parents go after selling the
mansion that's where I want to go with
them but I don't know what I want to do
it's like I hear the tick tock tick tock
in my head and I'm still trying to vlog
this for you guys because like I said
earlier I want to bring you guys with me
every step of this journey it's the
biggest journey of my life the biggest
decision I've ever had to make so I
don't know I guess you guys are gonna
have to wait till tomorrow's video to
know that full decision I'm gonna have
to wait till tomorrow's video because I
still don't know what I'm gonna do
yeah I think it's time to go back to our
other house and oh my mind is soaked my
like my mind is running I feel like I'm
going crazy I feel like I'm insane right
now I can't think of anything else I got
I tried to edit videos I try to film and
I
I'm doing it but my mind just isn't
there so hopefully after I make my
decision everything settles down and
we'll see what happens guys oh my gosh
Brian's old phase logo oh my gosh the
loft my parents room
oh no bed oh my gosh guys a long lost
oil wipe floating around in this house
okay so this photo wasn't up here the
whole time I lived here but the second
we moved to the new house someone
decides to pin this up on the wall oh my
gosh look out ugly Oh guys I looked so
weird but that was my graduation day
obviously you know what I don't I don't
care
I'm already here I'm not in Brian's room
- I'm gonna - all the rooms right now
look at this I'm sleeping on bride's old
it's probably like spiders and shit in
this bed now but anyways guys you know
I'm already here I'm getting all in my
fields again reminiscing on my childhood
and all the good times that I had here
with my family so you know what instead
of leaving and going to the other house
I decided to call my mom and dad and I
told that mom's dad come down here bring
Bosley out I called Brian too but he's
busy right now
I think he's filming a video I don't
know he just told me he was busy so he
can't come down sadly but I told my mom
dad and Bosley to all come to the house
and let's just spend a little bit of
time here because we all miss this place
it's not just me so you guys will be
seeing my mom and dad in this vlog oh
and Bosley I can't forget about him
sorry bother when you watch this video I
meant to say your name I'm sorry but
yeah they're gonna come over and you
guys will see them in the vlogs look
who's here eating his food off a paper
plate because he had to come here on an
emergency let's see who else is here oh
yeah by the way my mom's sister came
with them cuz she was already at the
other house okay hold on where did they
go they were over here hey Raj at hey
mom how are you guys
take a break your house rajah do you
miss us living close to you when we used
to live in this house
right yeah how far do you look I'm here
like five minutes my mom used to hang
out with her every single day almost
maybe twice a day and now she bare look
my name tag when I worked at Subway guys
house mom I want to keep this my first
job I was oh yeah this was my actually
my second job I was 16 years old guys I
actually worked a lot of jobs Vijaya
finally North Park yeah subway Albertson
lovely mall remember the the stand for
the bed I was kind of a hard-working
guys I had four jobs and I was going to
college full-time so my mom said I still
am hardworking in a different way Dan so
before I started youtube I was writing
for the Phoenix Suns for this
international web site I had worked for
jobs and I started working when I was 15
or 16 I'm not sure I started working
when I was in high school and I was
going to college full time and hard work
pays off guys we saw Bosley we saw a
jack we saw my mom but we didn't see pop
a rug
hey Dad did you miss this place yeah
you're watching that do we I like the
air better here
I think Bosley's happier here - Bosley
do you like this house better or the
other one look mom I swear when we put
his plate it started over here now it's
all the way ended up by the fridge what
do you want Bo you want to come outside
oh man the backyard is so dirty now look
at this do you know how many times Brian
has jumped off that roof look it's silk
you can see it's broken Bosley do you
miss going pee over here guys I swear
I'll always talk to buzz Lee and I say I
expect him to answer me back like you
know some people talk to their dogs and
they just you know pet them after
whatever I talk to ballsy expecting an
answer back and he never talks back to
me that's what I want before I die
Bosley
Bosley you want to go to the gym and
play some basketball with me come on Bob
I know you understand me and you hear me
so why don't you just talk back it would
make my day you and your eye boogers oh
yeah guys I'm really really excited
because the Chargers play their very
first game against the Denver Broncos
and I can't wait a lot of you guys know
me as a basketball guy and that's
exactly what I am I love basketball but
I'm also a big football fan the Chargers
they're still my team I know they moved
from San Diego to LA so it's kind of
hard to root for them but at the end of
the day I do still love the Chargers I
know there's a lot of people from San
Diego who hate them after they moved and
I'm not gonna lie I was pretty upset
it's pretty pissed off
the Chargers are still my team so game
number one tonight we're playing Denver
tough opponent on the road but I can't
wait to watch him Monday Night Football
guys this is where we used to do all the
challenges but anyways not like I told
you earlier on in this video today in my
last day to make my decision like that
said here you're laughing crazy laughs
you're just something have to be there
like um this is a lot of people confused
I'm not moving out because I want to
live alone and I'm ready to start my
life alone and I I'm over living with my
family it's not that it's just that I
don't really don't like the area that we
are living in and yeah nobody likes it
it's not just me it's just very very
different I'm not talking about the
house I saw a lot of comments saying
you're so spoiled you're living in a
mansion you don't like it no it's not
the house the house is beautiful it's
just the area it's very different you
can't explain it you won't know unless
you're there it's just really not us
it's different and I want to come back
to the area I grew up and I lived in
this area for almost 20 years straight
I'm only 22 so that's pretty much my
whole life they don't know if they're
gonna be moving back into this area
after we sell that house so if I do move
out it's not because I want to leave my
family it's just that I want to come to
the area and like I said you guys come
back to the area - I hope you buy a
house in the area if I move out into
that apartment it's not permanent so
maybe after that I'll come
but who don't make that attacked and I
believe and I'll come with you guys I
don't know guys that's a decision that I
have to make it's not just a last name
on the outline I have a deadline yeah
but I know we're okay with it you'll be
more okay can I trust you and I know God
I just I have a freaking big decision to
make and they're here to help me so
we're probably gonna end this blog soon
so that I could sit down and wait all my
options and just get to the bottom of
this answer cuz we're running out of
time half the people in San Diego still
support the Chargers after the move and
the other half are like papa rug what do
you have to say about the move to LA
yeah but are you still gonna watch the
game tonight I want to watch it get be
okay then guys I'm telling you you might
think that's crazy but nope half the
people in San Diego it's split just like
my decision is split in half I don't
know if I wanna move out or stay San
Diego as a city we used to all support
the charges we used to all of the
charges but now if you come to San Diego
I guarantee you you ask half the people
and half of them are like yeah I still
support the Chargers that's still my
team and the other half are just like my
dad they say the Chargers and I hope
they lose every game that's just the
reality of it's heartbreaking but guys
oh my gosh the basketball hoop the same
hoop that Devin Booker played on them
guys you don't understand how many
memories I have on this floor on this
hoop every single time I would come back
from school and if I had a bad day I was
just right when my mom picked up me and
Brian from school the second we got home
I was running the garage get a
basketball and I would play for hours
and hours and hours every time I had a
bad day or every time like I was inside
the house and I got some bad news I
would always play basketball like on
this hoop I would this was way before I
had a gym membership way before I used
to play with any friends I used to just
always play by myself for hours and
hours right on this floor on this hoop
oh no the three-point lines are fading
away but you could kind of see them oh
you could see a little bit right here
mom remember
I carved the word sons into the floor
guys I remember we were getting the
floor redone and when the cement wasn't
dry yet when it was still wet
I took a toothpick and I wrote sons and
now it's forever drowned in their bye
house it's time to go back to the other
house bye dad
Bosley why are you bothering her why oh
she's wiping his eyes Bosley behave on
the car ride okay you damned double cup
for Bosley here you want water
oh yeah and guys that's why I do want to
apologize if you think my content has
been bad recently or like if I just
haven't really been all there in the
hand like I've been talking to the
camera but not really like I don't know
if you guys have been like talking about
that I'm sorry I'm just so like stressed
between the decision that I have to make
that it's like I'm still trying to daily
upload for you guys and I end daily
uploading for you guys but it's like I'm
doing all this while also trying to like
speak to my family about you know this
huge decision and doing like a lot of
paperwork and going back and forth from
the apartments to the to the house that
we live in right now because it's a far
Drive and also you know still trying to
play basketball every day and just just
a bunch of things have just been I got a
crackdown and really think like so I do
apologize if you guys have noticed that
I've kind of been like not really all
there in the head it's just it's been
crazy these past couple of weeks guys
the whole moving process after we just
moved into that house for like three
months and now we're already moving out
we got to sell the house and look we're
all looking for new places it's just
it's been hectic honestly and so I owe
you guys an apology if I've just been
like coming off weird or like crazy
