yo guys this weather Oh actually it
stopped raining now but it was raining
all day look the grass is all where
there's puddles and this is not usually
how San Diego weather is and you know
since it is a gloomy day since it is
rainy ever since I woke up I told myself
I'm not even gonna leave the house all
I'm gonna do all day is stay in and
watch basketball I don't know some
people call this Netflix and chill
weather but I call this Phoenix Suns and
chill weather so guys some people think
all I watch is NBA basketball but that
is actually false I do my fair share of
watching college basketball especially
when it's close to March Madness just so
that when the NBA Draft comes around
I know these prospects I watch any
basketball I want to freaking NBA
college high school middle school a lot
of freaking three-year-olds play
basketball I don't care I love
basketball ok enough college basketball
for the day now is back to NBA
basketball ok Seaver San Antonio it's
hard to get more talented than this oh
speaking of talented teams yesterday
that Houston in Toronto game that was a
good one
that was a really really good one and
Toronto has been awesome this season
obviously Houston 17 game win streak was
crazy impressive but for Toronto to stop
that DeRozan anyways too much talking
Brandon's like you know what scares me
about myself guys so you know people
have a brain right everybody has a brain
and some people have you know part of
their brain is for math another part is
for English and other parts of our
sports another part is you know how to
eat food and other parties you know how
to watch YouTube videos for you guys
watching this for me it's scary because
I feel like my whole brain is just
basketball like obviously there's like
1% of my brain that allows me to pick up
a camera and upload YouTube videos and
spend time with my family but I really
feel like you know 99.999% of my brain
it's just an occupied with the
basketball like it's like my brain is
literally a orange basketball that's
what my brain is and it scares me
but I love it
lettuce even fraud okay guys so right
when I woke up today I told myself I'm
not even going to leave the house I'm
staying in all day except there's one
person who obviously like you know if
she's hungry that quickly Jackie wanted
some food and you know she said it's
late it's dark and it's raining outside
and she didn't want to drive alone so
it's like I'm scared you guys if you
don't know I'm like super blind
I don't ever drive at night because like
I can't see oh not just that but since
it never rains in San Diego when it does
rain the people say they go act like
it's freaking like World War three and
they automatically like they don't know
how to drive like they drive all crazy
and stuff so I don't blame Jackie she
doesn't trust people at night yeah and
I'm like so scared some people like me
so I told Jackie I'll get some food with
her little does she know whoever drives
this to pick the food and I pick
McDonald's okay 29:20 2090 don't say you
don't you McDonald's anymore cuz that's
a long guys the thing is I want to eat
healthy and like I think about it and I
envision myself like eating healthy and
then somebody's like oh do you get this
like well shit all right look do I sound
normal right now no what's in your mouth
I don't know guys something happened to
my voice right now all right
hey guys go it yo way my normal weight
time yo whoa Jackie oh yeah yeah
before we turn the camera on I literally
like forgot how to talk like my voice
wasn't it just didn't sound like wind
and I thought I was getting to test
that's what you get for exposing me
karma okay you want just because you
said that let me know carmine I are
besties
okay watch car behind me guys hey you
can't hook up with her she's my friend
Oh is addicted to this novella and I
don't know what it's called or out of
the water babe she's been watching you
ever since I picked her up to get food
you guys to all my Hispanics I'm so
ratchet I have to find it on YouTube but
it's called service I don't really know
if I like you guys
I think I'm the crazy drivers in San
Diego to attack us talking about you
guys I never really like realized Dennis
Dennis Dennis I'm vlogging and you
FaceTime me look look in the blog right
hi I haven't seen you so long oh good
well oh I'm getting your favorite place
Carl's jr. wait that is does that ever
work a finesse you you spent all of your
card in like two days
you're gonna see go like 200 hey Dennis
wait wait I'm not even going to the
drive through ya I'm gonna forward to
talk to you bro all or was this private
talk without jack Wow I see you yeah
Janice I've been exposing Jackie all
video you got something you want to
throw in there Dennis I like your hoodie
bro
Bharati city oh yeah putting me on blast
like sounding like the worst person ever
no no no Oh Dennis are you Janice are
you okay you fell through my seat I got
you oh sorry sorry
hey Dennis how about the time there's
the last time I'm exposing you this
video if I was holding you more the
video would have been freaking six hours
long but Dennis remember the time that
she got burritos for us that she didn't
bring salsa Dennis it's raining and
friggin San Diego bro hey I think this
is like God crying tears for you to come
back to San Diego Hey look how jealous
are you bro the menu is right there the
girls you do menu oh okay now how
jealous are you should I sip them over
there in case what in case what Dennis
don't joke like that it's too soon you
dumbass don't joke like that hey when
we're going to drive through the
training I know thank you can I please
do the Western bacon cheese burger combo
medium can I get Powerade for the drink
please
damn you hungry it's a dream
then it did you oh um can I just do a
water bottle please I'm on a diet
oh no water tell her for the
inconvenience you want a milkshake can
honey can I get uh and I just do a cup
of water if you guys have cups and
that's gonna be it
hey Dennis she said they ran out of time
so she's gonna take your order oh my god
I thought I forgot my own credit card at
the house I'll start you trying to plot
weight and how to get out of the driver
all right no it's okay it's all good
Daniel waters for the Inca believe it
ask me for a coke thank you I secretly
ordered a Jackie O water awesome
Brandon code are you gonna give me free
water okay you expose the game
I thought 2018 you said you can eat
healthy to trade the water for coke now
water but if so that comes to my meal I
want it oh my god Brennan it's almost
time to read my indie article oh my god
but it's frickin Road it was written I
know but you can't be late to reading in
miracles
and I read a bunch of NBA articles right
before I go to sleep
no Manchus you're super cool I never
realized that I never really vanished
with you for real I know what happened
yesterday you didn't let me get the
cookie and you're on a diet supposedly
but you didn't let me get the cookie or
you who ate at them okay I ate it but
you didn't give it to me
I had to secretly take it and then when
I bit into it you said Wow oh and then
you said okay that you have to give me
your Girl Scout cookies so all I did was
take one cookie from you and you took a
whole freakin okay keep talking but but
you guys who ate it though oh it's
raining hard we have to play that song
every time I rains hard and it's dark
you have to play a sensible oh I don't
want to play by trey songz imagine like
you just got an F on your test in school
and you're like a sophomore so it's the
important in grades and then like you
come home and your girlfriend breaks up
with you you got your test and then you
came back home and your girlfriend had
broken up with you and then since you
got an F on your test your mom and dad
took away your xbox this is a perfect
song with the perfect weather for
give me the food the water spilling all
over the place and she didn't want to
look over food it's so cool how they
don't have anything at Carl's jr. calls
Union you rode by night so mr. Carl mr.
jr. whatever the hell your name is what
she said I think this is America they
trying to make all people in America fat
and obese so they took out water and
they only had soda water fall into your
trap Beach water hey cousin is so nice
though she gave me a large water
yo elevator man you should definitely
watch this video because we exposed
Jackie so yeah and have a good night bro
it's cold out so make sure you wear a
jacket and put your head on if you're
walking home such emotional music what
happened at that part
oh let me guess he got an F on his says
he can't came home his mom lets
girlfriend broke up with him see this is
why your drama in real life because you
watch these and so you guys enough
exposing Jackie this video how about we
give her some props Jackie actually
donated me the cookie this time but
she's probably gonna ask for these in
return so I gotta - like Jackie said
shout out to all the Hispanic followers
raisin bread well what did you call me
raisin bran
okay oh then your Apple Jackie's Apple
Jacks oh what's in my mouth blackballed
oh wait I want to shoot slam dunk you
have to count down at the end of the
quarter countdown three two one
okay obviously it's not gonna count I
can't shoot it if you're saying one with
your mouth closed
and then by the time you open it the
one's gonna be zero so there's a ad and
I'm not gonna make it because I'm not
gonna get it all the time
so I hear I'll count I'll count ah it's
all you thinking about the ball I don't
know what did you just figure that out
three closed three two one 11:33 p.m.
it's almost midnight which means it is
NB article time I swear people think I'm
joking when I say that I read a lot of
indie articles it's so fun it's like a
game there's five articles right in
front of me and I could choose which one
I want so this is a podcast and there's
about how the sun's loss of the Hornets
today oh there's DeAndre a tan article
there's where I want the suns again the
draft um but I want to read the DeAndre
in one I'm not low-key into college
basketball right now so trying to see
who I want the sons to draft oh I don't
want them to draft but yeah I mean this
is about how long they are usually
something small like this and I read
probably seven to ten every night and I
guess that's how I keep up on all my
basketball stuff you don't always have
to just watch basketball guys reading is
reading is good for you even if you know
it's not reading books or reading
anything that's related to school even
if it's reading articles about
basketball reading just it helps keep
your brain fresh and so I don't know
it's good for you guys read I guess I
sound like a teacher I sound so old I'm
22 years old
friggin telling kids to start reading
cuz it's good for their brain on a
Saturday night half my friends are out
partying and I'm here talking about how
you should read cuz it's good for you
yeah I feel like I'm getting old right
now but like you know how for a baby to
go to sleep they have to have their
bottle or their pacifier you know how
like when you guys have to go to sleep
yep you always have like a routine like
you got to wash your face or you got a
where certain pajamas or something like
that well the thing that puts me to
sleep is reading these articles it's
like it's like a nightly routine I can't
go to sleep if I don't do it you never
ever find the right words and there's no
way this is real life there's no telling
you're the right girl so I can only say
that it feels right
