a foul
the only about meetings have Excel
anytime that's correct
what it's probably just Brian playing
outside
he wasn't yeah I probably just playing
us
we've seen this a million times it's
what's the Devin Booker 70 point no no
we're never gonna watch that come on
let's just watch this over Nickerson
okay so you rather watch that over any
movie let's just watch the Devin boutot
seven point eight one more time I won't
ask you ever again go look go look
what's up hey did you see that there's a
freaking clown outside yeah it's right I
swear I saw my sweat here babe I never
thought what do you meet you just
there's nothing here they're gonna go
that's funny you said where is it gonna
go cuz it looks exactly like it but I
swear you're gonna think I'm alive
they're like last babe I'm not trying to
scare you I promise
there wasn't clowning oh shit it's time
for Bosley's daily golf car ride
a canvas this one this is more important
than if something hey Bosley time for
your GoPro ride Bosley
where's the golf club the golf car is
usually here I know where Bobby is yeah
have you seen the golf car
wait come on are you sure you guys
haven't seen the golf car or bottom no I
can't
to go through wisely the golf cart I
don't care but wait oh yeah
Brian does see that no hey hey
I swear I told you they're in the cloud
I told you babe yeah I saw it in the
golf cart I just
Vic where's my camera I need to walk
this I need to walk the content
Bosley what is going on you guys Brannon
here aka waters and sorry if I'm like
out of breath but I'm bringing you a
brand new video
you guys might think I'm lying guys
might think I'm joking because I don't
have any footage of this but I swear to
you please just believe me I don't like
you guys I saw a clown with a freaking
machete babe I'm telling you and it has
Bosley look guys I saw him over here
first he was over here there was a clown
and then Jackie didn't believe me and he
was gone he disappeared so then I went
downstairs to take Bosley for his daily
golf cart ride guys this is super freaky
and I saw the clown I'm not trying to
scare you babe and I saw the clown
driving away with Bosley in the golf
cart I tried to run after them I don't
know what the clown did to the golf cart
but it had like 500 turbo speeed 5
million horsepower and they went too
fast so I couldn't get them but right
now I swear to you there's a killer
clown in this area
I had to update you guys because I want
to vlog this if you don't believe me
then I don't know what to say because I
don't have any footage but I swear guys
babe please guys Jackie doesn't believe
me we didn't even see the movie why
would I be trying to scare you but where
is it like hey guys I'll update you if
anything happens just know they super
freaky I might call the cops but I don't
know I kind of want to handle this
myself I don't know if I'm going crazy
maybe see I might be going crazy because
you didn't let me watch no cuz you
didn't let me watch the Devin Booker 70
point game that keeps me sane every day
it's not a favourites cuz you didn't let
me watch the Devin Booker 70 point game
now look what happened I'm going crazy
anyways guys I'll keep you updated on
this video
good fight back win again
do you believe it was outside I think
they didn't go they go through the blood
don't believe this what wait wait what
what come on
they really don't get what's going home
like I'm telling you I'm not joking yeah
I have stress cuz you didn't let me
watch the Devin Booker 70 point game I'm
not gonna give me some water I need it
right now I'm telling you
yo what's up for right yeah what the
heck are you doing this is my this is my
what are you doing you think there's a
joke get out of my house what are you
doing both get away from me don't come
near me with that shit bro
get out in my house no go whoa
get out get out what are you doing bro
put your hand down I gave you a chance I
told you to get out
Oh No
Oh put it yeah what are you doing at my
house what are you what
you wanna be friends you just want to
play and be friends
oh you're putting your past behind you
oh you got your hair all the way both
you need a towel
oh I like your vote
you got longer hair than me we'll get
your hair cut we'll get you a haircut
and hey hey oh hey thanks for taking my
dog on the gold card I saw you out there
buddy I didn't see you I Spy rap yeah
yeah they see me rollin they hatin you
have oh hey
I want to throw okay okay let them this
video let's take off your gloves and
take off them God thank you so much for
watching this killer Klown skate I hope
you guys enjoyed
shout out to Dennis for playing the
Kennecott for all those parts I'm sure
was really really hot and he's sweating
really badly
I accept which part did I play in the
best couple I was the bouncing ball time
you'll probably see it in the bloopers
anyways guys shout out to Jack for
participating shout out to my dad
shout-out to Bosley I hope you guys
enjoy it I feel like it came out really
really funny I haven't watched any of it
but just being a part of it we were
laughing we were it was really funny we
did this in tribute to the new trend
going around because of the movie it so
thank you guys so much for watching drop
a like if you enjoyed subscribe if you
are new and wait don't accept the video
yet because the best world every single
skate is always the bloopers and you
already know what's coming up blooper
time guys one last thing I want to say
before going to the bloopers and getting
to another part of this video I want to
say that I hope everybody in Florida is
safe because I know that some parts that
weren't evacuated actually got hit so I
just hope that everybody they're safe I
know that the hurricane over there
supposed to be really really bad so I
just hope that if you didn't evacuate
that you find safety you find shelter
and that nothing is too bad for you guys
over there so my prayers are up for
everybody in Florida from me Jackie my
brother Dennis and everybody in my
family our prayers are up for you guys
and not just Florida but also all the
islands that were hate - you actually
look good like this so dennis is the
cloud for the skit obviously and we have
to do every part but for the basketball
part I call dibs on being the clown
because I want to play more basketball
so look I'm wearing Dennis's Jeezy's and
I'm gonna put on the whole costume just
so I can be the one playing basketball
guys look how big the costume hey Bosley
say what's up to the bloopers boat
and stop trying to steal my girlfriend
buzzer there's been an ongoing issue for
four years oh yeah we haven't been
dating for four years you know for the
bloopers guys look how easy it is if you
want to steal Bosley he'll go on the
golf cart with anybody look he loves
that Bosley you want to go on the golf
cart even if it's with the killer clown
okay come here
how to steal Bosley 101 just tell me
you'll take him in the golf cart buzzer
are you scared no it's okay Bosley one
time and then no more rides with the
clown they see me rollin they hatin hey
that is wait guys blooper though we're
about to film the last scene and we find
a frog oh it's right there where a frog
the baby look where a baby well oh my
gosh a toad Prince Charming wait who are
the frogs the prince or princess okay
that's weird
we haven't seen that in this house we've
seen lizards we've seen snakes we've
seen tarantulas we've seen rats we've
seen coyotes but we have not seen a frog
they have I said who is usually the Frog
is it the prince or the princess like in
Disney movies oh oh really guys I don't
I don't watch the Disney movie sorry
the machete oh my god daddy - the same
blooper bro Dennis isn't it cold
oh my gosh
okay Dennis I've told you to get out
whoa I forgot those to take off my shirt
and socks whatever we'll just leave it
let's jump in okay three two
what if you say we're gonna put up phone
cube in there
