okay guys so I know I have the BMW i8
and I know that I just got Jackie the
Lexus for her birthday but I decided you
know what it's time for a new car so
right now I'm here and I'm about to go
car shopping so let's see what we can
find Dennis hello did you open the I'm
trying to open the door Wow my foot got
stuck now wait I forgot said the sweet
hey Dennis where are the broom broom
back in my day we didn't used to call
them cars we just call them room room we
came in here for one thing toy cars and
Dennis has walked into every single I
imagine why it's really tempting
Oh Dennis okay fine fine let's go to the
toy cars I'm getting sucked in oh my god
oh my god forget the cars look what I
found look what I found
basketball okay guys so we are looking
for an ia and a Lambo so oh oh I see the
IE look it's black though right here oh
you're not gonna fit in there look brah
oh shit I don't think I'm gonna fit
Brian's Range Rover guys so what we're
trying to do for this video they gotta
fix up the interiors that thing is in
the middle I'm just joking guys but what
we're trying to do for this video is
mimic that I ate versus Lambo race for
everybody who Falls my brother's videos
which I'm sure a lot of you guys do
because these are awesome youtubers but
for those who follow this video me and
my brother did a real live BMW i8 vers
Lamborghini race and right now I'm
trying to buy AI a toy car and a
Lamborghini toy car so we can mimic the
race I don't know if we're gonna find
the Lambo hey Dennis maybe we should be
smart and call before we show up to
places but
who do the doors open like it I don't
even think the door is open dan its Bob
what are you mall cops oh look at this
out here Oh red calipers just like
Brian's car Oh
mozzie I think Fetty WAP has a Maserati
no way and they open like fine to look
they don't break it I just want to make
a good video for you guys BMW i8 Lambo
toy car race Oh Dennis my tush hurts
okay guys so Dennis beau you should be
like a scientist or a professor or
something because he just figured out
the formula of why I cannot fit in the
ia so he did a little bit of research
and it says the maximum weight is 77
pounds I weigh 135 or 140 oh boy
okay it doesn't matter bro the maximum
weight 77 pounds not even Bosley could
fit in there the range over it says
maximum weight 132 I'm like 135 so I
think I'll live Brian's like 50 pounds
so I think he'll live with this one more
the Rory who the Rory 132 so we decided
we are going to end up going with the
range over in tribute to my brother
first a Ferrari they don't have it on
display but they said they had it in the
back we are going to do that back in my
day first of all I talk like I'm 80
years old anyway back in my day these
things weren't this expensive the price
they are right now I might as well go
buy a real courage money you want me to
go buy a real Range Rover the same price
now mom I told you I'll make you proud
look at this I'm 22 years old and I'm
purchasing a Ferrari and arrange over
thanks for raising me right just joking
there toy cars mom stop what you're
doing I found it exactly what we were
looking for everyone stop what they're
doing everybody please freeze because
look at this dentist oh my god it's like
heaven watch nananana nananana nanana
nanan empty
please I know but I could find ourselves
so once we get them out which they're
right here
we gotta get to work and assemble a
Range Rover and a Ferrari forget the
assembly are they even gonna fit in the
car addley I don't think there's any way
we could fit both of them in here only
one fit so this has an aux cord and it
plays music oh my gosh so we kind of got
it to fit we had to like take apart the
Ferrari and put like half of it here
then the range over and then the other
parts of the floor in the bag we also
had to move our seats like all the way
up I'm not sure if you could tell but
the seats are like super close there -
but at least we made it fit so that's a
good thing God look how close we are to
them that is you but I feel like my mom
okay guys so here's some of the
broken-down Rory here are the seats
sadly babe you can't find this because
your butt is too big we didn't get a
Jeep a Range Rover and a Ferrari wait
Dennis can I please tell the vlog how
viewer okay guys so we get home and we
don't have the garage opener so we're
waiting for Jackie to open the garage
and he's like hey Brandon let's see how
close I can get to the garage without
actually hitting it okay so he gets
close he gets close close closer and
closer and closer we don't hear anything
obviously if we get down we check the
car look he hits the freakin who
invented the game oh okay well hey do we
have car insurance okay guys so with the
help of my girlfriend Dennis and myself
we are going to start assembling them
and then oh my gosh yeah wait it has aux
court I'm gonna play Fetty WAPs the
whole drive down we're gonna assemble
these cars get them ready charge them
and then we are going to race look guys
the whole family's here
so look what has happened since the last
time I vlog so my dad has gotten a
haircut looks good dad my mom died her
hair Anthony has a freaking beard
Anthony you know what someone calms her
on my video they were so mad they said
what's the fuck how old is Anthony he
looks like a little kid and he has a
beard
my brother has is wearing a plain black
tee thanks Junior has lost a lot of
weight Jenner who inspired you to play
basketball at the gym every day I
remember when I was his age I would play
bass off for like eight hours a day and
jr. literally goes to the gym for so
long he's losing a lot of weight
Congrats you and Jackie looks the same
which is a good thing because she always
looks good we just finished building the
toy cars this took way longer than we
thought these look like they're so easy
to build and everything no let me just
say we underestimated a charging we're
gonna get them fully charged and then
I'm gonna race my brother the crazy
thing is these actually come with aux
cords and play music but none of us have
lost cords anymore so we can't be
playing music but I wish hey guys so we
got Ryan down here I bought it for the
race and we're actually gonna see if we
even fit in these cars
so initially Brian we're going to drive
the Range Rover because he don't arrange
over the
but we'll make it work with any rain for
the race right now you know we're taking
our nutrients protein and massage aka
Bronx finishing his video and then after
that we're playing basketball while
Brian's finishing this video up B's get
the sticker for right here there's a
Ferrari circuits in the ball we actually
put in the Range Rover one can you get
it please
it's in the Range Rover box Virginia can
you get it the stickers right there yeah
no no go back go back go back
we'll get my dad go go Brian did you
know he was in there oh go go Anthony
hurry hold on Brian tell my dad come on
let's get a sticker wait dad can you
please get there's one sticker inside
the box for right here we forgot it but
we're in the box what
okay guys so right now me and Brian both
have chairs up our ass we're gonna try
to do this as fast as possible Becky is
the referee she's going to start the
race wait wait I don't know how to drive
this can you like me make sure okay so
we got the red the fair red so the plan
for this race we were gonna race how we
did for Brian's video and just go
downhill until we realize these cards do
not have brakes there's no brakes so if
we went downhill you know what would
happen next we were just tumble and fall
off in this video when it end it would
get more views but it wouldn't end well
so instead what we're gonna do we are
going to do an obstacle course and how
we are going to go is we're gonna start
right here we're gonna drive here we're
gonna go left by the plants after the
plants we are going to go inside that
opening with the two things right there
and we're gonna turn around by the door
so we're gonna go inside here I don't
know how we're both gonna fit that's why
we're we're gonna crash but we're gonna
go inside turn around by the door come
back through here come out this way and
then first person to hit a foam pit of
course you already know the foam pit has
to be involved one way or another if
Brian's in the video and then first one
to hit the foam pit wins this race so we
will wait for the go from Jackie and
then we will begin
can I just say the Ferraris 10 times
faster than the Range Rover it's reality
it's not just the toy coolers dad thank
you for pushing wait what the heck fits
well how am I tired I was just really
tired
wait what's the heck that was right
opens the door to get out idiot he went
like this do it right that was so much
faster but I don't fit in this I can
again driving solo and just swimming
through my ass when I'm sober I just
don't like anyway guys thank you so much
no way hey we're the hallway
best dad hey Molly haha anyways guys
thank you so much for watching this
video
actually before we end it Brian thank
you for doing it you can do whatever you
want one what I want what what go shove
the trophy up I can even drive the car
wreck
look ugly sign again
ah
so is this how Shaq feels since easily a
damn car to free-throw no didn't think
so
go run go go wait oh my god I was
required but not my face hold on
you wonder why the HOA hates us and send
us letters to the house look at what's
going on
so Brian be me guys I hope you enjoyed
this video
Anthony god Anthony is that so hard no
she didn't get it Anthony's as or
Bosley's at your turn
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today's video I tried something
different so I hope you guys enjoyed I
was meant to go downhill like down the
street but until we found out these cars
didn't have brakes regardless I hope you
did enjoy this video one last time joy
drop a like subscribe if you're new
other than that the waters and I'm out
peace oh wait one junk Jenny let me do
one dung and then end the video push no
hold on not all the way I don't need all
the way Brett I in a little boy come on
midget I been bein do one don't but we
all know I'm the better dunker than him
I'm the flasher okay go ahead this is
for the Bravo no not
welcome to Braga Lu yeah right they
count
brian has loved city passes go dry
Oh handful homes real beat you blow
