what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new video that's the star
my morning just like I do every other
morning it is time to bring my mom or a
cup of coffee in bed we got the coffee
mom I bought your coffee
mom I have your coffee is getting late
Coffee time
wait what I bought you coffee like I do
well okay then oh shit
it's time to wake up Brian today's video
you still sleep Brian Brian it's getting
late wake up it's time to edit your
video
Brian Brian your videos gonna be oh shit
I didn't know alright then the hardest
part of my day is waking up Dennis to go
play basketball
he doesn't understand every single
morning you got to go play basketball
Dennis Dennis wake up Oh son go Danny
I'm not even ready yet
I know you guys haven't seen the spot
that I'm thinking of moving in yet Dib
lives there he's been living there for a
while in the same spot not so neighbors
we're about to be yeah pretty much
neighbors so I wanted to tell you guys
what is it like it's amazing like the
apartments are dope it's the middle of
everywhere beautiful has a lot of
amenities has like four pools you should
worry you should be in sales you should
be a realtor move jacuzzi and the only
thing stopping me from making my
decision to move in is because zip would
be my neighbor I'm not trying to have
that so that's like the only thing after
this joke you guys deal it yes that's
yoga I'm back from the gym right now
back from playing basketball showered up
ready to start my day I just want to
warn you for anybody who's gonna watch
the rest of this video I'm going to be
kind of emotional and the only reason
for that is because I'm going to be
doing something big for my parents and
every time I see my parents happy or
every time I see my parents really proud
of me it just makes me emotional I like
seeing my parents happy I don't like
seeing them sad now what I'm about to do
for this video I'm apologizing in
advance to anybody who is offended by
this or for anybody who just doesn't
like to see this stuff because me myself
I'm about to surprise my parents with
something that I don't usually reflects
about I never ever flex money I never
ever make videos about oh look at how
much money I have look how much cash I
have I never do that it doesn't feel
right for me to you know make videos
about oh I got this much money and all
this so that is not what I'm trying to
do and I apologize if this video does
offend anybody just to prove or I guess
not prove but just to say how I don't
like to flex my money or I don't like to
show off like catch or anything like
that
I've actually donated a lot of money to
Houston for hurricane Harvey I have
family in Houston who actually lost
their home and they lost their cars my
first cousins and my aunt I gave a lot
of money to them I've donated a lot of
money to you since and the reason you
guys haven't heard about it is because I
don't say in my videos you know there's
a lot of youtubers no hate to them keep
doing what you're doing
but there's a lot of people who or I
donated this much to Hurricane Harvey
blah blah I don't fault you for that
maybe that encourages other people to do
it as well I'm just saying that I'm not
the type to flex my money even like a
GoFundMe
only to those accounts if I donate to
somebody with a GoFundMe I contact that
person personally and I say here's the
money I wanna donate please don't make
it public because I don't want people to
think that I'm just donating to flex my
cats but I don't want people to think
I'm just helping those in need just to
show how much money I had so that's why
you guys you know haven't heard about me
donating to Houston and I get tweets
every day saying please Brandon you know
you make a good amount of money can you
please donate to Houston I just sit
there quietly knowing in my heart that I
have donate it I just don't like to flex
my money I'm just not that type of
person but the reason I'm doing this
sorry if I haven't explained it yet but
I'm about to go pull out ten thousand
dollars in cash and surprise my parents
with it and the reason for that is
because first and foremost they're my
parent they've done everything that they
could for me anymore everything I could
ever ask for raising me putting a roof
over my head growing good they do it all
I love my parents and they deserve this
100%
the second reason I'm doing this is
because sometimes it's just good to
treat your parents and my parents
deserve it like I said if any parents on
earth deserve this it's my parents the
third reason I'm doing this on camera
because I surprised my parents a lot and
I don't always feel the need to put on
camera but the reason I want to put this
one on camera is because my last videos
on my channel I'm sure you guys remember
we were sitting right here with my
parents and my parents got extremely
emotional they actually started crying
and they were tearing up and I don't
like you guys seeing my parents like
that I don't like seeing my parents like
that at all so I want to flip that
around and I want you guys to see them
happy forget what you guys see I just
want them to be happy in general and I
know I could have made them happy in
different ways you know I could have
went and got them a gift or like a
little gift card but I can't think right
now I'm so stressed about deciding when
I'm gonna move out or not just right now
I can't think of like a gift to get for
each of them so I'm just gonna surprise
them with cash and they can do whatever
they want with it so I don't want
anybody to say oh your parents won't get
happy because of a bunch of cash that's
not the case at all I'm choosing to do
this because I can't think of a gift for
each of them right now because I know my
heart that even if I surprised my pants
with a little gift card for each of them
they would be just as happy but I'm
doing a bigger gesture just because they
deserve it mom dad if you guys could
split this 10th out of the dollars
however you want I think dad should get
five thousand and one dollars and my mom
should get four thousand nine hundred
ninety
but nonsense oh I hope this puts a
really really big smile on your face and
I hope you guys are proud of me because
a couple years ago there's no way I
could be doing something like this for
you guys that's why this is emotional
for me a couple years ago I would go to
McDonald's and I'll buy my mom and dad
you know a few cheeseburgers and that
would make me really really happy and
the fact that life is just so crazy that
a couple years later you know hard work
and dedication to what I love doing I
know a lot of people say YouTube is a
hard work but hey us youtubers know it
takes a lot of work being put into these
videos hey this is what I say if it was
easy everybody would be doing it alright
guys if I get emotional I just never
would think like after me and my brother
put my parents in this house and just
being able to do such big things for the
best parents on earth it just makes me
really really happy I always tell myself
hey humble don't ever flex your money
don't ever you know make other people
feel like shit because they have less
money than you I never do that this time
I'm just doing it because I want you
guys to see my parents happen mom dad
you guys deserve this so we are going to
head over to the bank right now
my parents have no idea I'm doing this
and I'm going to take out ten thousand
dollars it's a Friday Friday we gotta
get down on Friday you know that song I
am why can't put that in my video guys
so the regular part it's Friday Friday
gotta get down on Friday that's the
regular part but you guys don't know
about the Arabic version Anthony Anthony
the every person it's a Friday Friday we
all gonna get down in Friday I'm about
to go buy some food with Anthony and
Dennis and I walk downstairs to see my
mom brought us all Pete hold on let's do
the one that's not hard oh okay they're
both getting out of all pizza
some ice cream - is this your way to
convince me not to move out everybody
what we gonna look forward to we're
gonna look forward to the weekend well I
have to do something first and I said
wait because my dad was sitting right
there they want to say if I'm we're
going to the bank Oh cuz then Deniz like
tap me no because in the middle do you
turn on your camera Anthony my dad
probably thought I was like going to go
pick up drugs or something guys imagine
my dad sitting right there and I go
Anthony let's go and Anthony goes to all
wear to the mall I'm like no we got to
go somewhere first he's like where I'm
like Anthony hold on I'll tell you later
he's like but where are we gonna go I
said Anthony wait
yo guys so we just got to the bank right
now and I honestly can't wait to
surprise my parents with this it's gonna
be crazy and I can't wait to see the
expression on their face there's a lot
of different things I could do with this
money trust me there's a whole lot of
things in this world that you can do
with this amount of money but in all
honesty my choice what to do with this
money is to give it to my parents and I
didn't even have to think about this
twice you know I don't have second
thoughts or anything I know trust me I
know there's millions of things you
could do with this money in today's
world but my decision is to give it to
my parents and that was a really easy
decision for me to make honestly seeing
my dad sitting there watching TV before
we left like he had no idea what was
about to go on that makes me want to do
this even more just the fact that they
have no idea that this is gonna happen I
just can't wait guys and I can't wait to
see the smiles on their faces okay guys
so we took the money out right now just
in case people don't believe I'm going
to be giving all this to my parents we
have all the money here and no they're
not one dollar bills and guys I honestly
can't wait to see their reaction I'm
honestly gonna get emotional I'm already
getting emotional right now why do you
think I'm not recording my face okay
whatever I'll just show you guys guys I
can't wait to do this for my parents
this is the least I could do for them
and like I said it's not the concept of
Oh cash makes your parents happy it's
not that I would I got them gifts and
they would be just as happy but I just
can't think of a gift on the spot and I
want to surprise my parents today so
we'll see how this goes guys okay guys
we just got home hey Dad hey Bosley well
that was a warm welcome okay guys so I
got my dad and my mom ready for the
surprise they have no idea what it is
but my dad pause this movie that's how
you know it's serious my dad took a
pause dad please it's worth it you can
play it after the surprise Bosley
sitting he's more eager than both you
guys you think you're gonna get a
surprise too I told them that I think it
would be better for all three of us to
be sitting right here because it's like
Bri seats right next to each other and I
also got lined folds I think this would
be cooler if they were blindfolded
Bosley still looks really eager to get
his surprise I think he wants some of
this surprise what's going on
Hey okay so I'll let you guys pick the
blindfold they're both from Victoria's
Secret so I want you guys to actually
before you put the blindfold on them
just say something real quick so you
guys are about to be surprised and the
reason for that well there's a million
reasons actually number one reason
because you guys deserve it number two
reason because you guys aren't my
parents and number three because the
last time they saw you guys the last
time the boss about five guys you guys
were kind of emotional in tears my dad
probably doesn't want to hear that with
that I saw I don't want the boss well
I'd like to be seeing you guys like that
so I'm sad we're gonna turn that into
happiness we're going to turn the frowns
upside down at twenty out of that town
at least I hope I do it so putting the
blindfolds on please okay guys yeah I
can't see nothing I know hey gun don't
do it Brandon I swear to God if you hear
us or something is not gonna be good
okay nobody look please I'm sitting back
down okay please no one look so while
you guys are blindfolded I just want to
say that I know I didn't need to do this
for you guys and this isn't something
that I usually do on camera so you guys
might be surprised but like I said
before you guys deserve it and I hope it
helps you guys in any way whichever way
you guys want to use it I hope it helps
you guys out and just know that you guys
do the service so I'm gonna let you guys
guess what it is only one touch no
grabbing no just a touch okay mom
you first touch one finger one finger
it'll be too obviously paper okay dad
you touch one finger please Feynman
bill so my surprise to you is you pay my
car payment okay I'll let you each smell
at the same time yes don't uncover the
blindfold so like I said you guys
deserve this and I know I've surprised
you guys with money before maybe a
little bit of smaller amount than this
but I'm glad to be doing this for you
guys I'm not rethinking I have no second
thoughts I never I'm knocking really
open Oh
take off the blindfold one two three wow
you guys want to split this that's up to
you guys but it's $10,000 cash for the
both of you guys we can't listen money
you know how it is No
more I never studied you better if she
doesn't wanna you know you have done so
much for a senior brother you've been
doing everything doesn't have to be in
camera I mean if we have a show where
you guys do we have to be recording day
and night you've done so much not only
for us for so many people for the
homeless system for family and for
grandmothers and auntie's and everyone
you didn't you know now really we love
you guys the same we love you so much
and you guys helped us with a lot of
stuff a lot of you guys we're living oh
no there's what I said my video I'd say
maybe two years ago maybe even less
maybe a year and a half ago I would do a
huge surprise for you guys now go bring
you food like a couple burglaries or I
look like surprising with like a DVD
play like that DVD is something like
that and now just like two years later
the fact that I'm able to surprise my
parents or something like this thank you
yeah yeah thanks to you guys and the
reason I'm surprised my parents with
this because my mom said if it wasn't
for me or Brian we wouldn't be able to
be living like this but how about how
much help you guys do for us as my dad
Kyle he does build everything we need
everything like that mom you to have you
help
anything you want there's definitely
even now if you move to the apartment
anything you want just give me a hole I
think that helps a little bit but no
that's for you guys you guys deserve it
you can do whatever you want with a car
payment house payment no I said honestly
not a material people but I know how
they want to make us happy and know I
told them I said even if I went got you
guys gifts you would be just as thankful
if they yeah but right now like I can't
even think of gifts because I'm so
stressed about the whole moving thing
which by the way guys I have two more
days has a deadline two to three days so
I need to make my decision quick but
yeah anyways and you know what I was so
sad and I cried and I was thinking about
you but when I saw happy you were
yesterday showing us the place mean that
sad and talk about I go what does it
matter I mean he's gonna be close to us
no matter where you go you're gonna be
our Brandon and anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this video I can't
wait for this video to end so I could
take the money back and put it back into
my bank I'm just joking guys anyways
thank you guys so much for watching drop
a life for this surprise once again like
I said earlier in this video I never
like to flex the money or show off the
money or you know anything like that I
just feel like I want to show you guys
so guys subscribe he's been waiting the
whole time waiting waiting for his cut
this whole time deserve that too
you deserve it basel you do absolutely
nothing for this house except to eat the
food
look guys he fell asleep on it Bobby I
think you own the most expensive pillow
right now
