going on you guys Brandon here aka bruh
waters and today I am here with my
parents
couple rug and Mama rug and today is
actually a really really big video on my
channel not just a big video but it's
actually a really big day in my life and
my parents is life because for those of
you who have been following my channel
you guys know that we've decided that we
are going to sell this house that we
just moved into and after we sell this
house no one really knows what's gonna
happen I don't know where my parents are
gonna move in together I don't know if
I'm gonna be moving with my parents I
don't know if my brothers gonna be
moving with my parents everybody's kind
of weighing their options and one of my
options would be to move out on my own I
know sorry mom okay no one's cutting
onions it's just the intro if you want
quiet please later as I was saying I'm
weighing my options Brian's weighing his
options Brian has not found a place yet
but for me myself I have found this
place that I've kind of fallen in love
with and everybody that I've talked to
has said really really nice things about
it you guys haven't seen exactly what it
looks like because I'm saving all the
footage I have inside the place to make
like a full video like a reveal like a
tour of my new place so you guys haven't
seen the inside but I have and I love it
and I love everything about it
it's right next to the house we used to
live in so it's like the same area that
I grew up living in the area like the
old house we lived there for almost 20
years so like moving to this new area we
didn't really like it so for me to be
able to go back into that area I liked
it and my parents obviously their
parents so no matter how old I am
because I know a lot of people say
you're 20 - who cares what your parents
say okay that might be okay for you guys
but for me my family we have different
goals yes we're so close it doesn't
matter
exactly well what I was gonna say was
like obviously I I haven't made a full
decision I don't know a hundred percent
if I'm going to move out yet but you
know every time I go to these apartments
and I talk more and what with the people
it just it sounds like something I want
to do again I'm sorry you guys please
cover your ears but at the end of the
day it ultimately it is you know if my
parents aren't okay with it then I
probably wouldn't end up doing
so as for right now I know my parents
here's what I think if I'm wrong then
you tell them I think that you don't
want me to move you want me to stay with
you guys 100% obviously my mom I might
be 22 years believe I know my dad
doesn't show it he doesn't show but I
know he's gonna miss me but I might be
22 years old but to my mom and dad I'm
probably like eight or nine years old
I'm a little kid so in my head I don't
think they want me to move but at the
end of the day I think that they know if
I do decide to move that I'm making the
decision that I've thought about and
it's gonna be the right choice so I
think they would support me if I decide
to move but I don't think they want me
to move if I'm wrong then tells me if
I'm right I'll just tell them what you
think really quick about we don't want
that to kill like we really not move at
all because we normally will wait
everyday sitting down still waiting for
you to walk in you know with your smile
and although you joke around yeah yeah
it make us like when you walk kind of
the house become different
yeah it's not a fish I told you we're
gonna go go okay hold on I don't want to
see mom do not quit okay hold on so my
mom is crying right now okay mama
okay okay I didn't know the okay what
god I don't know what to do okay mom go
let me talk know if you had asked me
this like two or three years ago I would
say definitely no because I know you're
over at the or anything now I know
you're mature enough to go on your own
and stuff just like you said we don't
want to move but if you do it
may will support you know I have like he
said we never thought about that day
like we were we're so close and you know
we do everything together
I know you're not going to be very happy
without us but it's not like you're
moving we'll see you every day that's
what I was gonna say guys for all you
wondering and and a big reason of me
moving out it's not because I don't want
to live with my family where I want to
start a life on my own that's not it at
all it's just that this new house this
new area it's just not for me and it's
gonna take a really really long time to
sell this house and I don't know if I'm
ready to just stay here and wait for it
to sell but like my mom said that how
the place that I would end up moving to
and you know we're still gonna be close
I'm still gonna be seeing my family
every single day and I'm still gonna be
with them regularly it's not like I'm
moving to a different stay or a
different country or hours away we're
literally gonna be like no matter what
happens with whatever options we choose
we're gonna be what at most 10 minute
sew-in
15 so it's I would be living on my own I
don't know yet like I said guys so right
now my parents have not seen the
apartment yet they haven't seen the
place they haven't seen anything about
it
so right now we have a tour and I'm
gonna take them with me and see what
they think about not just the apartment
but you know the area what it comes with
how it looks and for now guys I hope you
enjoyed the residence I really didn't
think that angel would be this much you
know maybe that out remain but I did not
think the video would start this
emotional so god that just shows you how
close my family is and how big of a
decision I have to make everybody tweets
to me saying Brendan you told us last
week you were gonna make a decision yeah
but it's hard because look look how much
like my parents and Brian's not in here
right now he's not home but if he was
I'm sure you would have the same
reaction probably not crying but like my
family's just really close so this
decision is for sure the hardest
decision I've ever had to make in my
whole life and that's why I'm taking my
time that's why I keep going back and
forth to the apartment and it's only
weeks now
things that we have with no Brandon and
how many I know how many times did I
text you sending videos and paste them
yeah so was like he was with us yes I
don't know it just was so close I don't
know if you guys understand how like
he's my baby and Brian's my paper but 22
year old 5 foot I took on them until now
they're in their 20s I trip if they're
sleeping they're covered I don't care if
you say aye baby them I don't care I'm
their mother and I love them to death
that's fun but if they're happy I'm
happy for them I'm just joking okay guys
so right now we're about to go see the
apartment don't worry guys you guys
aren't gonna see it you guys will not be
seeing it until I decide if I'm gonna
move or not but they're gonna be seeing
the apartment for the first time and we
will get their reaction I never thought
I'd see the day that my dad teared up
for me I know emotionally it's just ya
guys for me I would never ever expect to
tell my parents I'm moving out and then
be like oh really yeah no obviously I
know it's gonna be emotional I know it's
gonna be crazy and that's why I still
haven't fully made a decision it's all
because of my parents and my family like
we're so close and we're so together all
the time that that's what's making this
decision so told you're wondering why
I'm driving this car my parents actually
ended up driving there by themselves
they didn't really give me a reason why
I think it's
they probably like just want some time
alone not in a bad way but it was just
getting kind of emotional so they
probably just wanted to talk amongst
themselves as you saw in the intro like
everybody was tearing up and that wasn't
just for the video obviously that's how
we feel and so this is gonna be a really
really tough decision we'll see how this
goes is gonna be the first time I'm
seeing these and talking with one of the
leasing managers with my parents and
like I said earlier I would never make a
decision without the approval of my
parents so today could be the day where
I make the next step and maybe sign some
papers or you know do something extra
than just looking at the apartment it
all depends what my parents think I
think if I went on and moved out by
myself they would support me just like
my mom said but most I've never really
seen my parents get that emotional dad
pad so it was like right when I started
talking about moving out I think I
really like I don't know one of the
biggest days of my life so we'll see
okay guys I've noticed this video so far
has been extremely emotional and just we
need to change the mood a little bit
look who made it how are you guys
feeling feel like feels like home yet
guys we're really close to the old house
we used to live in I'm telling you we
lived there for almost 20 years then we
moved to a different area this still
feels like home though huh yeah this
area feels like home but yeah
get it okay well live in the same
complex we'll have a party together
we'll turn up together everything what
do you think it's nice dad what do you
think yeah exactly they've been building
it for a really really long time place
that I would actually move into the
building isn't even done being built yet
they're still working on it so it's
completely brand new just looks really
nice and they're all brand new there's
barely anybody who actually lives here
right now cuz they're still building
like more than half of this so hopefully
this warms my parents up on their
answers guys my mom is venting yeah I
hear you mom my mom's venting to the
work here about how she doesn't want me
to leave and how it's gonna be so
different mom you really love me that
much I didn't know them and go how does
money come and go I'm just trying to
double up so I'm not gonna show you guys
the apartment until I decide to move in
or not but mom do you like it you love
it I can't wait to show you guys I'm
courting my parents that I could ask
them what they think about it without
revealing what this place looks like so
hold on mom dad what do you guys think
beautiful beautiful like I said wait do
it I'm telling you we could turn up
together long as we can't bring pasta
with us yeah you're lacking swing and I
swear if you guys move it I'll be even
better for me I swear I would still be
seeing you guys still be seeing Bosley
and bring Brian with you too we'll keep
the family together just different areas
which would be weird but cool okay guys
so I didn't show you the room or the
place but I'm actually gonna end up
showing you guys the bowling alley so
look at all the options they have like
boxing room a cafe like a restaurant in
the place bowling entertainment lounge
karaoke tanning like it's literally like
a hotel that's what it's like and I'm in
love with Dennis oh my god big bug and
the bullying Oh someone's bawling oh boo
and RK teen guys this is so nice
dad please oh my dad used to be the best
at ping pong remember we had a table at
the old house dad I swear all Arabic
dads are interesting old billiards David
Hilliard for a pool table whatever the
hell feels like a Vegas hotel it's so
nice this is
I'm moving in if I don't I'm staying
with my parents
this is different than the one we go to
it's very small but we'll get used to it
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my goodness
okay Dennis we suck Bo
Oh
oh dish okay I need to redeem myself one
time ready
I think my parents are having a little
too much fun they they keep saying we're
gonna leave we're gonna leave 10 minutes
later they're still bowling it's
addicting I swear
two hours later okay let's see my dad
he's bowling for me I guess but it's all
good
you
yeah I a they have a spot for you
reserved for electric car and they have
a charger that's dope I was actually
wondering what if I can't charge my car
anymore but they got it damn they have
everything here I'm so low I'm leaning
so strongly towards actually moving of
course I just have to talk to my parents
about it to officially make a decision
talk to my parents
Brian my girlfriend everyone that's like
kind of confused I never started looking
to move out I never came here and be
like oh where should I move out that's
not what I did the only reason I started
looking to move out was because I found
out we were selling the health until
everyone started weighing their options
and then I'm like okay so what should I
do and then I started looking so I've
seen a lot of comments saying Oh Brandon
why would you look to move out you know
your family doesn't want to leave your
family bla bla bla but that's not how it
happened it happened because my family
came up to me and they were like yo
we're selling the new house so we gotta
decide what to do and then I started
looking for a place you know what guys
earlier in this video I was sad I was
very upset because my parents were sad I
don't like seeing my parents like that
but now that I saw my parents happy look
at these guys too much
keep singing I hate what get up I hate
when people sing the wrong part get out
Dennis I'm just jokingly up if I move
I'm gonna miss you so much guys I swear
that's a underrated part of my decision
actually a huge part of my decision is
gonna come down to how much I'm gonna
miss Bosley because a lot of people
don't know this but I actually love
Bosley a lot Bosley you want to move
with me when the lady asked me oh are
you gonna have any pet I was like should
I take ball do with me but then I
thought about how depressed he would be
if he came and moved with me because
those who don't know I love Bosley but
Bosley hates me for some reason he hates
my guts so I would love laws if you live
with me but Bosley would not want to
live with me so sadly I can't take him
Bosley you want to move with me do you
want to go in the car oh no when I tell
him that where's your golf cart Bosley
where is it oh when we sell the house
are you gonna have to sell your golf
cart yeah you don't want to sell your
golf car huh okay fine we'll find a way
to keep it even if we sell the house
okay guys so right now to cheer up my
dad a little bit more we are about to
play some basketball team because one of
my dad's favorite things to do over here
is play basketball and oh there's
Bosley's car wait dad I was saying I
told you wait dad when we sell the house
are we gonna have to get rid of the golf
cart yeah guys that's Bosley's first car
but got happy he gets whoa no he's gonna
go poop never mind
dad let's play some ball for those who
don't believe me when I say Bosley loves
the golf car watch guess where he is
hey it's not time yet it's not charged
yet bo what you want to go on the golf
cart no Bosley it's not charged yet look
it's still charging look he jumps into
himself to look nope Bosley not yet dad
he jumped in oh my gosh okay you want to
go is this your car oh my gosh he loves
it he needs to learn how to drive though
now he only knows how to sit let's see
this shot if you make it I don't move
out oh okay one more chance this is your
chance this is like I packed all my
stuff but you get a chance
dad this is far to do off glass okay mom
where's Bosley okay I mom you don't
understand what he's doing he's trying
to trick you he already went with my dad
but now that you came out he's trying to
be like mom yeah happy way in the car go
from the other side go go on the car Bob
we go oh my gosh
mom he just tricked you he pulled my mom
outside and then stood by the car as if
he never went with my dad oh wait you
gotta bring out the tune
Kiss Me Mine
guys football is back it's on like
Donkey Kong
football's back ok guys so after
trashing my dad and dancing basketball
so after beating my dad and Dennis in
basketball
okay finally after my dad killed me in
basketball and Bozza finished everybody
for some golf car rides we're finally
ready to do that outro of this video
there's nothing more left to say I've
kind of went over at everything I wanted
to with you guys and also my parents
about maybe moving out I'm still saying
maybe because I haven't made a decision
yet this is gonna be the hardest
decision of my life
thankfully I have my parents to help me
out before we went to the apartments
their answer was no no no but now after
seeing it you could already tell just
their faces during the video it changed
because they saw that this is something
that I like and even something that they
like too is you gotta move in come in
yes I think they kind of opened up to it
so step one was obviously me finding the
place step two was talking to the
leasing managers and everything and then
step 3 which is the biggest step in this
process so far was to show my parents
and see what they think about it when I
got live we die down and sign some
papers that doesn't mean it's official
but we did take a huge step in thinking
of what I'm gonna do so my name is
officially on some things over there
right now and that kind of puts a
deadline I don't have too long to think
about it yet so I have to make a
decision soon so for everybody who is
going crazy is branding in a new bomber
state I actually have to make my
decision soon so I'm gonna sit down talk
it out with my parents talk it out with
my brother Jackie obviously with Bosley
leaving I should move and you know when
the decision comes I will be sure to let
you guys know and obviously show you
guys the tour of the whole house I can't
wait to show guys what it looks like
anyways that is going to close out
today's video oh by the way it's like in
some of my recent videos I kind of look
out of it or I kind of look down it's
not cuz I'm upset it's just because I'm
so stressed
make this decision I swear it's like I
keep going back and forth back and forth
back and forth I try to do what my heart
tells me my mind tell me something did
for my my cousin gets my heart something
something different so it's just crazy
guys but anyways thank you guys so much
for watching today's video I hope you
guys enjoy if we stayed in the old house
and never move down but we obviously
couldn't do that because some haters
decided to start messing up our lives so
we've tried we tried to change life but
it's hard it's not easy just know for
everybody like wanna go watch we're
gonna move out why do things do this
house blah blah good just to let you
know if it wasn't for those like all
these haters come to the house and
trashing it every day we would still all
happily be living in our old house and
not even thinking about moving we lived
there for almost 20 years without even
from one second thinking about oh we'll
move here or no we were perfectly happy
there but some people decided that they
don't want to let us live happy and now
we're in this whole situation as a
family and oh by the way guys for a lot
of people who don't know my mom actually
has a YouTube channel so if you're
watching this far into the video go
ahead and check my mom's channel out
obviously mama wrote promoting me so I
can't sing
bigot fire you know give it to me they
know me and listen I trust you enough to
go in do like I said of course one year
two years ago because I would trust you
but you were already now I know you're
ready as much as I don't want you but
I'll be happy if you're happy that's my
dad outside with time you know you're
gonna have to pay the electric the gas
the water you never leave the AC on
you're gonna leave the lights on you're
gonna be paying this much but uh no guys
yeah like my mom said I think I've
matured a lot over this past year that
has a lot to do with being in a serious
relationship you know I've I've dated
girls before whatever but I've never
been in a serious one like I handled
Jackie that has to do with obviously
YouTube and you guys this puts a lot of
pressure and a lot of like stress
putting out videos every single day
having your home business having your
own career like being an entrepreneur
makes you grow up really really fast
controlling your own business like
you're not working for anybody you are
your own boss you make your own schedule
you put out in your own video so it
makes you grow up really fast the whole
moving process moving houses for the
first time in my life baby grow up so I
think I'm ready but I'm still gonna take
a few days to think about this and I'll
let you guys know what we think other
than that guys I'm out my dad apparently
Bosley's out peace out guys each hand
belongs
