please let me just say one thing Dennis
okay listen you warned me you told me
you are leaving the story with me as
well because listen guys when I was a
kid don't make fun of me I know it's
crazy but I never played Monopoly
I had monopoly but I never played it the
right way I'll just mess around and go
you know hahaha very funny but I never
played it the right way so when I saw
monopoly at the store it brought back so
many memories I'm like Dennis let's buy
it bro me you and Jackie are gonna play
and he's like bro it takes really long
and I'm like no it doesn't I used to
play it as a kid and he's like no you
probably didn't play the right way trust
me it takes long I never believed in
guess what we are on day number two they
said we didn't start this today we
started this yesterday yesterday we felt
like we were gonna die we all had
headaches
first and foremost once this game
finishes if it ever does don't ever ask
me to play Monopoly trust me you won't
hear from my mouth again okay listen
guys the game it's impossible to end
because every time you pass this square
you get $200 look at all these houses we
go all these hotels and the game so does
aunt and her she thinks she's so cool
because she has look she has so much
freaking money babe if I marry you right
now can we join bank accounts please I
need it babe she owns a million
properties look at all this guys please
please someone just take all my money
I'm ready for this game to end
please let me land on Jackie's hotel
guys I'm the dinosaur and this is
Jackie's hotel is it possible for me to
roll a one
I'll just land right here and take all
my money and I'm done I'm done with this
we're there yes oh ok guys how about we
record a couple of turns he's like bro
and let me just warn you you might be
playing with a close friend and you
might be playing with your girlfriend so
two people you love right he warned me
you might be enemies after this game
ends let me just say I hate Jackie and I
hate Dennis right now I'm not gonna not
listen don't talk to me don't talk to me
just roll your dice okay roll your dice
go 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Oh Jackie owns those 200 bro Hey
okay whose turn my turn wait where am i
oh my god if I get one of those those
are Dennis's he has millions of houses
on those yes here you want 100 I'll
gladly pay 800 compared to that put it
in the bank don't steal it
okay babe guys babe is the race car go
babe nine one two three four five six
seven eight nine no babe you owe me
$44 clean up my ass and I'm not getting
you change what you said you're getting
a prenup just joking fine would you get
one two three four five six seven eight
no Dennis okay guys so I turn the camera
off for one second just one second I
land on chance you know 99% of the time
chance is good I opened my chance of
course advance the nearest railroad okay
Dennis can you please advance me okay
I'm supposed to Oh Jackie 200 but Oh
guess what this says pay the owner
double so I Oh Jackie 400 you thought I
hated Jackie before I landed on the
railroad please give me 100 back babe
can I please have an extra hundred
please I've been your boyfriend for two
years so no ain'tcha law you land on one
of my properties babe please
what is that seven one two three four
six seven community choices advance to
go collect 200 as if she needs more
money
please I want joint bank account go
Dennis go Dennis oh then you owe me 36
you guys look all this Dennis I'm not
taking back bro it doesn't matter you
have money right there you're just too
lazy to break no you're too lazy this
game is never going to end
oh by the way guys for all those one
thing I still have not made my decision
whether or not I'm going to move into
those brand-new luxury apartments what
do you think I should do Dennis what do
you think I should do after seeing the
apartments and everything it comes with
because there's a freaking bowling alley
in the big okay now don't think you're
gonna make me forget you only $36 Oh
guys by the way if you've never played
Monopoly then you probably think we're
crazy you know oh it's not that bad but
now trust me everyone who has played
Monopoly before and Dennis sorry I
didn't believe you when you told me it
would take long so Dennis there are a
lot of people saying why does Dennis
sleep on the floor a lot of people say
why don't you treat your guests better
Brandon well Dennis how many times have
I asked you to sleep on my bed with me
and Jackie and you refused it so yeah so
this is not my fault I try to give
Dennis a comfortable place to sleep and
he doesn't want it I mean you're getting
offered to sleep on that bed and you
choose to sleep on the floor that's rude
are you calling me dirty
I'm not sleepy you why hope another
comment obviously we already went over
this in the last video a lot of people
mentioned how you always look sad guys
don't worry TV cribs was it some that
crazy guys so for everybody concerned
all why do you guys give dennis such a
bad sleeping spot look at this we
upgraded it to a king-sized bed how you
like it boy babe where you going
not you I'm talking to bud Lee just
joking babe where you I like your hair
whoa take it easy man it's not just you
to saw you today what what what what's
so bad about that I wanted to sleep here
way back in the middle yeah you hear
Dennis with me right here okay why not
not doing this what do you mean he's a
friend he's a close friend no fans might
like in the middle
hey yeah just leave then either you're
with us or you're not but we're playing
tennis sleepover all three of us happen
babe come on we play Monopoly we can
watch a movie now movie movie I'm not
doing this like I'm
bro what is your problem what's wrong
with you what do you no no no I said all
three of us I hear you say oh you pick a
movie you you pick the movie I'll be
back I promise you all three of us so
it's going to be all three of us okay
man can you wait here that's right okay
what are you doing babe I wonder what
her promise what a mannequin convince
her
hey why are you taking everything so
seriously might be a little weird but
come on which is I promised him all
three of us you're making him sad
imagine how he feels
I'm sorry but my mom told me to treat
it's fine it'll be fine it's one time I
don't want to
don't ruin his happiness Randy and
sleepover you pick a movie yeah okay oh
wait we did turn off the light hey which
movie are we gonna walk here let Jackie
pick babe which movie oh it was the
Devin Booker 70 point game yes yes okay
babe please put it what is her problem
broke someone who talked to her I'm not
feeling this vibe he bores us be fun
yeah it would be fun you know what hey
Dennis pretend we're saying something to
make her mad
okay sleep time
did you hear something well did you hear
something where is Jack where is Jackie
Bosley
they they
hey what are you doing over here
I thought we were all going to sleep
together I talked to you when you were
over there
this isn't no what right you can't be
over here by yourself we have a bed
right there me you Dennis you're being
ridiculous about this I've never seen
anyone do something like this let's just
I'm not doing that don't sleep in Dennis
listen this is the last time I'm going
to call you babe if you don't come and
sit with me that's it it ain't great to
see I know you don't lead to something
but if you don't come sleep with me and
Dennis I'm sorry I'm not gonna be
calling you baby anymore from now on if
you don't come soon with me and Dennis
your new name is gonna be grow
everywhere we go even if it's in front
of your family I'm gonna say hey rule
can you pass me a salt and pepper okay
this is a lifetime we promised him I
feel bad for him and if you buddy in my
videos commenting Dennis always looks so
sad there's always those depressed and
don't tell I told you but he came up to
me and he said the only way that he
won't be sad was if you had to sleep
over so let's do it this one time and
then no more I promise here we go here
we go come on come on
let's do it for dance for dance
okay bye you saying
okay
how about we try something kinky my
brother's dead is dead
I promise Dennis we wouldn't do anything
newbies left here you promise me
somethings earlier on in the day I say
we don't have to call them off just cuz
dennis is sleeping here what is that
guys I think there's an earthquake I
didn't get to say bye to my mom or dad
wait
I think it's Brandon Jackie doing things
he promised me he went through that
stuff I hope for many finishes nothing
gets on me I gotta use the blink as a
shield you know what
I'm not taking mister guys stop guys
guys guys guys okay guys that is going
to close out today's video I hope you
enjoyed the skit that mean Jackie and
Danny's put together
so this skit was just a little fun thing
we did that explains why Dennis does not
sleep in the middle of me and Jackie
because you know we just made it a
little fun because people were asking
Brandon waters then asleep on the floor
don't you have an extra bed and we don't
as many rooms as this house had as big
as this house is we don't have extra bed
so that's why we just made this little
fun scale of hey if Dennis doesn't sleep
on the floor he's gonna have to sleep in
my bed and I don't think Jackie wants
that I don't think dennis wants that and
this skate is a perfect example why I
didn't say you don't want it me and I do
want it really it just Thank You Dennis
- gotta get your air mattress both I
like before you like the floor okay
that's his choice anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this vlog live skit
it started as a blog whatever playing
Monopoly first of all I'm never playing
Monopoly both and we're about to go
on our third day of Yankee we still
didn't finish it drop a like if you
enjoyed subscribe if you are new and I
hope you enjoy the bloopers coming up
you guys to me that's always the best
part of the skid the bloopers are always
the best part so I hope you enjoy
everyone yeah peace thank you so much
for watching
there was seconds left when I call six
five four three two one
listen bother leave the door open so we
get some light but please don't leave
buzzing
I want one piece please just one come on
do this yeah okay go to sleep Denis
bogeys along say so
oh it's me show them show them this will
be in the bloopers guys this is what I
mean hold on look outside Denis floats
in the random part of the video look
just look at Denis broke daddy's watch I
shrank watch my the smile Denis boat I
know you personally you're such a happy
person God for everyone who's concerned
about Dennis's health trust me he's a
very happy person
ah ah oh he smiled he smiled believe a
smile
guys guys okay let's do the outro right
now oh no don't remind me of the game
that we lost why'd you have to put this
on at least I'm getting extra view for
free Denis there you are still looking
sad oh I remember this for old condom oh
I couldn't fuck I could have fully Drive
it in because like I would have blocked
this shit out of me
and one more time louder for all the
haters guys people are so dumb when they
comment OMG Jackie so annoying why does
she cheer for him
no J maybe because she's my girlfriend
and she's supporting her boyfriend I
don't know you guys have significant
others that don't support you wait no
but can't relate what are you supposed
to do sit there not say anything
