watch this just really quick this is
every time we have to go play basketball
you never wakes up den is basketball
time people are already running people
on the courts I'm getting tanks the ball
is going through the hoop without us
like my shirt yeah it was gifted by a
friend phase Alix adept yeah
actually wasn't gifted he left it on the
floor he's a weak one life gives you
nice sweatshirts you make you make
lemonade yo guys before I leave to the
gym just to get you hyped up for later
on in this video the team were playing
tonight is actually undefeated they won
a games and lost 0 and we're playing
them tonight for the first time we've
never played them I have seen them play
though and let me just say they look
extremely tough they have this one
really really big dude I'd say he's
almost double the size of anyone on our
team and then they have this other guy
the big dude isn't even their best
player they have this other guy who
averages 24 points per game shoutout
Kobe that's his number later on in this
video when we play our game I know I'm
about to go to the gym to play some
basketball that's not that's just for
fun but later on tonight we have a
serious game I love a big challenge
later on in this video stay tuned hey
guys so I just got a text from Brian
saying that he doesn't want to play
anymore I don't know if it's for the
whole season or just for today and I
don't know why but he told me doesn't
want to play so good thing I'm already
here with my good friend
nine-thirty I'm out of shape yeah I
could tell you out of shape huh
we're picking up Justin for tonight yo
guys so we finished playing back slot
the jam finished getting a haircut and
now we are right here for those that
haven't really been following my videos
this is a potential moving spot for
myself I haven't made my decision yet
I'm sure like everybody knows now
because me and my brother both made
videos we are selling the new house that
we moved into we're selling the house
that we live in right now and
everybody's deciding what to do my mom
and dad are deciding where they're gonna
move my brother is deciding what he's
gonna do you know whether he's gonna
come with the family or whether he's
gonna move out on his own I'm deciding
what I'm gonna do you know whether I'm
gonna move out by myself or whether I'm
gonna move into a different home with
all my family or if I decide to move out
this would be the place that I move out
and so we're just coming back right now
to the leasing office to ask some more
questions you know get some final
details see what's up and like I said
once again I haven't fully made a
decision if I'm moving out by myself or
if I'm staying with the family but if I
did decide to move out alone this would
be the place so I'm trying to get all my
questions out so that I know and I can
make a decision because this is a it's a
tough decision so I gotta take my time
with this one okay guys so we finished
up you know asking all the questions we
got one more tour of the apartment which
by the way a lot of people are asking me
to show you what the apartment looks
like but I'm gonna wait I am NOT going
to show you guys what the inside of
these places look like until I
officially move in if I decide to do
that of course if I don't decide to move
in I'll still show you guys all the
footage I have just to show you guys
what could have been
yeah I'm making a video right now how
are you okay guys well as I was saying
first of all shout out to that guy but
as I was saying I'm not gonna show you
guys anything about a place and I feel
like it built suspense it builds hype
and I want you guys to be hyped about
what could be the biggest decision that
I'm ever making in my whole life people
think this is something small like oh
just move out Brandon move out who cares
but no this is something big if I were
to leave my family and just I don't know
it's a huge deal because I love my
family I love my mom dad my brother I
love bonsly too so this would be a huge
thing and I want you guys to be hyped I
want you guys to be excited and if I
decide to move that'll be the first time
you guys see everything about the place
so I hope you guys are excited and Bo
I'm tired from the gym but it's time to
go you're smiling now it's time to get
ready for my game and then go play
against an undefeated team so I woke up
I spent a little bit of time with Jackie
we went to the basketball court we
played some basketball when we got to
the basketball court and I got a text
from Brian Oh
boss is here so come and just say what's
up to those lovely say what's up so they
believe me I'm talking to nobody
okay say what's up to the vlog say hi
right there the camera I got a text from
my brother I'm not sure why he doesn't
want to play anymore but I'm not sure if
he's gonna be playing the rest of the
season we have two more games until the
playoffs so today next week and then the
playoff starts luckily we were already
at the gym on the basketball court so I
had a bunch of options who is gonna take
Brian's spot tonight and I saw Justin
one of my best friends I love playing
with him he's really good at basketball
for those who don't remember or you guys
in the end she had seen my video last
week there was actually like a fight a
real fight in our games punches thrown
and everything so one of our guys got
suspended
Alvin is not going to be playing today
it'll be tough especially playing I told
Brian I'm like Brian just played tonight
because we're playing against a team
that's undefeated but he just didn't
want to play so I'm not gonna force him
to play people can do whatever they want
but you guys know me I love a basketball
challenge I love on the challenges right
in front of me I can't wait for tonight
my team is six and two six wins and two
losses
we're second place so this seemed his
first place we're second place so
there's like a really really
big game the biggest game of the season
and I was telling my teammates I was
like don't be scared that we're playing
against an undefeated team because you
know when you play a good team some
people are they get scared or they're
like oh we don't want to play them but
hey if you plan on winning the
championship you're probably gonna have
to face this team in the playoffs so you
might as well play them now so I'm not
scared I'm excited for this challenge I
can't wait to see what happens and hey
every time I play an undefeated team
it's fun to me because I want to be the
first team to beat them so I'm gonna
tell my teammates like yo this team they
kick through everybody you know they'd
be everybody easily let's be the first
team to beat them and it would be really
cool to be the first team to beat them
so we're gonna try our asses off they
have really really good players and I'm
hoping we can do our best to win well I
need to get ready and go to the game
Dennis how did the apartments look and
that's crazy just even imagining you
being there it's like they're so nice
and like not there they're beautiful I'm
not gonna lie I can't wait like every
time I film the inside I want to put it
in my video so bad but I'm gonna wait
I'm gonna wait here so tempting I was so
tempted I was like I want to put this I
want to show you guys what might be my
future place to live
yeah I want to bring you guys with me in
this crazy journey that this last second
thing of selling this house and having
to you know make a choice am i moving up
whatever all itself anyways I gotta I
gotta stop thinking about moving I gotta
you know clear my mind and just focus on
one thing that is the basketball game
and that is beating a team that's
undefeated and the number one team in
this whole entire league I'm ready
Dennis you're not playing behind ready
I'm ready to cheer you're ready to cheer
Jackie
hopefully you're ready to cheer Jackie's
out work right now but she'll be getting
off soon you already know she'll be at
the game to support and nice look at the
stretching how about you stretch me -
Jackie stretches Nicole you stretch one
foot Jackie stretches one foot okay
hey guys we'll pick up this video at the
game Oh Mike oh I thought this was swag
like oh my god
all right guys we'll pick this video up
at the basketball game the biggest game
of the season I should say mmm Kiki do
this okay fine fine the biggest toughest
game of the season against an undefeated
team aka a team that has never lost oh
wait
yo guys we just arrived to the arena
I can't wait to play my adrenaline is
running I'm telling you when we play an
undefeated team when we play a really
good team it's just like it's an
unexplainable feeling I'm ready to take
down for number one chief this is like
the Golden State Warriors of this league
just something about these competitive
games I don't know guys like I'm just a
really big competitor when it comes to
basketball and I like basketball
challenges I like when the games are
tough babe's say what's up are you ready
to cheer oh she has my backpack guys I'm
ready I'm high
oh my god oh my god get it get it get it
the fan the hoop
you guys Brendon was flirting with me
all day three
go bed
okay guys 12 minutes and it's 11:00 to
4:00
let's go hey eleven to nine we're coming
back for Christmas I just want one big
chocolate almond like they want from Ice
Age
you
you
21 to 14 go babe you're doing great and
you look hot
you guys this is such a fast-paced game
I keep forgetting I'm recording because
I keep trying to look
23 to 28 was a minute in 38 seconds
hey guys we're only down by four right
now
Obamacare that's not good enough we need
to Wayne I'm sure they got a big dude
he's so good he's driving every single
rebound we need a boxing out shout out
this dude right here he comes to all of
our games of you
try to win this game for him right here
and for all you guys watching but yeah
we got to play way better we got a box
out
dan
you guys just might sound super
go babe
did you ever have those moments where
you just stop and like you look at your
significant other and you're like I know
exactly why I'm in love with them
because I just had that right now it was
like that's so raven a vision let's go
babe
35 to 32
hey guys as you can see it's 34 2009
with 13 minutes left
Oh 41 to 34 or why look I got a look
No oh my god guys it's literally 42 to
okay now I have anxiety
of 45 to 43
let's go guys this is drawing ten
Oh oh my gosh forty eight to forty eight
eight minutes left
there we go
there are you okay
have to sand
51 to 50 they're up by one come on babe
let's go
let's go 54 to 53
54 to 56 3 minutes left in the second
justa fortification we're up to oh my
gosh
56 56 Oh
I did it again I'm Little Bo Peep yes
all that song I love to sing that I'm so
bad at it
I blame my mom to loose a
No 16:56
let's go
we just ran out of gas on it so no
excuses that's it
okay guys so we lost that team was good
but I'm not gonna live if we played like
this against any other team you know one
but this team was just way too good we
could I used Brian honestly because we
needed subs we were playing good at
playing good playing good and then we
all ran out of gas at the end I didn't
think it was possible for me to get
tired usually I never get tired but this
game I don't know we kept up if you see
we were winning and then at the end like
the last two or three minutes we just
all went out of gas our legs felt dead
felt like jello hey they're a good team
there's a reason they're undefeated and
you should have had it we were so close
we were up in the second half but you
can't be mad we played good they're just
a really really good team so you can't
be mad at yourself
usually when we lose I get really upset
with myself but this time well I have a
21 23 I'm proud of you yeah second half
I made like every shot and I just ran
out of gas well I wasn't recording sorry
Justin playing good ball tell you our
whole team played good we just went up
against some really good teams usually
I'm mad at myself when we lose but that
was a tough game yeah we played good
they had that really big guy they had
people who could shoot yeah I think I
had like 23 or 21 I'm not sure because
you guys were playing really tough like
it was really physical I told them we'll
see them in the championship so I'll
make a promise right now we'll see them
in the championship wrap it up then
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I'm too tired to
even keep talking for an outro you guys
are probably so happy usually I talk for
five six minutes they sign I'm Way too
tired I can't even talk so thank you
guys so much for watching this video
drop a like if you enjoy
we lost but it was really close it was a
really fun game to play I guess
they shout out to Joseph for coming
through and playing shout out to Jackie
for recording hey lost guys
