Bosley since both of them are gonna try
to lie who's actually winning someone
tell the truth of all what game are you
guys playing : can cocaine okay
Kong can what is that BC okay so who's
winning me well this looks super
confusing where's blackjack Go Fish
when do you work why that's a good work
outfit Jackie always watches Criminal
Minds I think she watches this so that
she could become a detective to catch
every single thing I do so she watches
this while I edit my videos and while
I'm uploading and doing my work in the
office over there and then right when I
get into bed
it's either basketball or Family Guy and
she doesn't let me watch the Devin
Booker 70 point game anymore that used
to be the thing every single night I
watch on my own time just to let you
know actually we had that the same exact
time oh my god guys we're gonna cut
right here hey and one car I gave you
wasn't enough you want to get two cars I
possibly what are you doing both nothing
Bosley's half Pub 1/4 human and 1/4
snake Python Python oh he's mad because
I found out what he is but I don't think
you really have work I think you're just
mad that I beat you and guess who so
you're leaving oh wait did I beat you
are you beat me
oh no I beat you guys she beat me and
then she accused me of cheating so I
lost and I still got accused of cheating
guys in case you didn't get a chance to
see my video yesterday it was really
funny and
had a lot of fun doing if we replaced
all the originals guess who random
characters and we printed out some
youtubers so we did guess who youtuber
edition if you didn't get a chance to
watch that video I will leave the link
in the description down below so go
click that video go watch it who's that
babe this one huh baby ting nothing yes
and who is that oh my gosh so cute
Bosley it's no special day why'd you do
that good thing she reminded me because
I didn't know just joking I'm just
joking you know that I know you know
that I know
don't make me name all the date I can
name first time I hung out for some kids
first time we officially asked my girl
fine I can name all the dates okay give
me kiss kiss baby you know what they say
about me whenever we show ourselves
kissing they say I kiss like a vacuum is
it true the worst part of the day so
long farewell I hope to see you again oh
my gosh my dad watches Family Guy 900
episodes a day there is no way I mean
family feud family feud it's because you
made me watch me I'm like I yesterday
have you heard every single question
Steve Harvey has ever asked what
Bosley's Dennis what the hell were you
doing eating Bosley out you pumped your
head up out of nowhere gods Bosley so
mad because I found out exactly what he
is half pug 1/4 human and 1/4 Python
whatever see there's the Python hey so I
find these all over the house my
precious oil wives I love oil lives I
tried to steal a brand and scared not
steal but I tried to take Brandon's
camera and as you guys
he was like videotaping and I was like
trying to take it because I have a huge
surprise for him I have to go to work
right now so I couldn't take the camera
so everything's gonna be filmed on my
phones I'm excited for you guys to see
the surprise so stay tuned hi guys so I
just got off work
I've been planning to do something like
this for akka week or two and I just
haven't really had the time but
Brandon's been working so so hard in his
videos lately that I like wanted to do
something special for him I feel like I
haven't done something that just like
lets him know that I appreciate him and
that Vons of us can see it right now and
I'm gonna buy flowers and candles and
right now I texted Dennis so that he can
keep him at the I think they went to the
mall something like that
okay guys so we're at the mall right now
and I was going through the comments of
my latest youtube video and I saw a
comment that said why does Dennis always
look so sad tell him to cheer up there
for you cheer up oh and then I'm gonna
go to Olive Garden's we went on a date
there a long time ago so I'm really
excited cuz I'm gonna get the same meal
because yesterday I think it took us
nine hours like just set something up
for you guys and he was exhausted I
noticed that he's working hard like I
admire that you know and so yeah let's
go and it's
sico I'm not gonna lie Dennis you do
always looks at in my videos Dennis
Dennis is usually the happiest you know
okay so for anyone who's concerned
Dennis is not you know always sad he
just looks like that when the camera
turns on he's usually happy I'll be
editing after we film and I'll be
looking at Dennis like and was it
something I said or what happened
I love these roses like this looks so
beautiful okay guys so we got the
flowers and the candles I'm about to go
pick up our food and I'm really really
really excited because he has no idea I
am so excited because little does he
know I'm coming home oh my god I would
literally be so annoying I hold that I
wouldn't have any friends so I finally
got the food and the girl made sure that
she put these like things so it's still
hot so it's gonna look like I cooked it
but I didn't sorry babe okay
yeah I probably some flowers like I said
earlier oh look at you mama
this is nice on you where are you going
tonight you went to the club without run
like I wanted to do it here and then I
was like that's not romantic so I'm
gonna try and do it in Brandon's room
what should we get you know about
romance more than I do well remember
when you used to like somebody ate my
almonds no way oh no I thought it was
something let me get some wine cups not
drinking i'ma put soda in it all over
fun yeah for him give him some Pedialyte
no hair on them to take this look if you
help me I'll give you more than half my
plate
any not shrimp
because he's been working so hard you
know I might have to steal a candle
doesn't matter now
I'll clean it where should I put it oh
wait his camera is here okay guys so me
and mama rug managed to finesse his
camera so now we have it about finesse
for this
mr.william you finesse this don't you
think Brandon deserves it he deserves to
world huh I know sadly sadly for you
wait I don't know how to set it up so
Lucas show I'm here I'll just put it
this way oh my god first of all this is
supposed to be larger as yours I could
eat this all by myself
no just so put the plate on the on the
table from the plate watch and learn Oh
smart
that's what are you going to put the
flower we don't have vase how about you
put it on the bed one by one one by one
on the bed why back in the day stupid
it's getting cold
no thank you
no no hurry
on the other side hello yeah thank you -
really he's gonna think that's wine oh
yeah you look good okay guys I know this
looks super small and like a little bit
weird cuz of the mashed potatoes but you
know what and he should be coming home
soon so I'm gonna turn off the light oh
and then he's gonna see that okay guys I
don't know who can see me oh my god he
just texted me and said that he's home
and I told him to knock before he comes
in hopefully like I'll be scared come in
hey you want to prank me not surprise me
not yet
Wow so what is this for
you were working hard what is this coke
why are you filming yeah I have a gift
for Jackie what did you surprise before
I don't get it I'm happy thank you so
much guys look oh my girlfriend did for
me Oh a shrimp oh my gosh I think they
forgot the mashed par that's just a
potato I don't care this looks all super
good
I like the candle it smells I swear
listen let me tell you what I thought
when I came to knock on the door I'm
like okay first of all she's been home
before me
second it smells like fire third she
told me to knock before coming in so I
thought you accidentally sent my room on
fire or something or you did like a
sitting room on fire prank or something
that's why I was like looking around
right when I walked in but instead I get
surprised by the best girlfriend ever
guys a random surprise it's not any like
special day or anything
thank you home-cooked yeah do you
remember a long time ago when we went on
a date there and we were like talking
about the we went all funny yeah like a
long long time ago we went like twice it
was like one of our first dates I think
you're confusing me with another guy oh
are you sure so should we close the
video so we can enjoy our date god I'm
so happy I just got a surprise for know
a pair of reason that I had no idea I
was just out bowling Preston yeah Dennis
went to the mall then me and then it's
like bowling then I come home this face
yeah I have two partners one of you
Genisys for when you're at work I know
okay so my dad's getting them so there's
a surprise for me at my dad my dad
getting the other half of the pasta he
helped me bring the table okay like I
was saying earlier there's like I was
telling them it's just very random but I
just thought you deserved it like you
worked really hard all the time
and I admired that thank you inspired me
but I just feel like you need a thank
you I don't need a thank you but thank
you know speaking of off-camera things
okay fine I'm not gonna lie I have told
Jackie no more of these on the neck but
one in the heat of the moment okay I
didn't ask for it you started no no you
started it and I said okay keep going
because you know no yeah I said it
tickle because you know that once you
start in the heat of the moment I'm not
gonna say no whatever guys I'm super
super happy right now there's a great
surprise I don't know guys I'm just
really with breadsticks oh and I see the
garlic on them I love garlic breadsticks
cheese on the bread sticks Oh what thank
you see guys it's just the little things
like I don't need to come in and she's
surprising me with some like thousand
dollar or whatever or you know something
major something huge even something
little like this this made my whole
entire night like because you just start
thinking okay so Jackie's at work but
she's thinking about me and surprising
me like I don't know guys but we're
gonna close this video out so we could
enjoy our dinner hey there's only one
fork I know what you're trying to do
where you where I put the pasta in my
mouth and then you put in and go oh can
we do one time for the video okay guys
we've never tried this
I can't do it like that when I started
going to bring it in all the sauce go
over my lips of course you got the most
of the pasta now okay guys well done did
you do like a like a whole blog like
this is the end of a full video or you
want me to vlog or it was very quick
okay whatever I I'm just gonna enjoy the
rest of my night on this little date in
my room where's this tables from well
guys I'm gonna enjoy the rest of my
night just a random little date with
Jackie Dennis is probably gonna have to
go on a date with Brian tonight so uh
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
this video I'm not sure wait you have
footage where on your phone yeah okay
well thank you guys so much for watching
this video brought to you by Jackie
thank you so much for watching
thumbs up okay okay guys bye drop like
if you enjoyed subscribe if you're new
and Pete
shout out to my girlfriend thank you to
our girlfriend peace out guys
guys you got to appreciate what your
girlfriend does for you babe thank you
