sorry this up hopefully this doesn't
hurt what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka robotic and today i am bringing
you guys a brand new video that in my
head I thought had never been done
before but after I set everything up and
after I went through hell and back to
get everything set up I'm like you know
what let me just look it up just in case
somebody has done it I look it up
there's multiple youtubers who have done
this but we are playing today is the
game board guess who the only twist to
it is that usually the game is played
with random characters such as Brandon
this isn't Brandon aka privada this is
Brandon like regular least uh Gail J you
know all these people and then but
instead we took all them out and we
replaced them with youtubers so today we
are going to be playing guess who
youtubers edition I feel like this is
going to be really really fun let me
show you guys who we have on this board
by the way if you notice something
missing it was supposed to be Adam solid
but for some reason he never got printed
so we're gonna have one missing anyways
let's go with Bosley I'm trying to do an
intro bro let's go with Jake Paul
Brandon aka braudys fades reign ksi
Kai's Omar LSK scarce super woman next
row we have phase banks the one and only
Zoe Berger tanner Fox Sherman the Worman
phase adapt ELISA violet rice gum Sniper
Wolf back row we got Tessa Brooks my
lovely brother phase drug phousi jenna
marbles logan paul roman atwood mama rug
and adam blink and then we have the
cards obviously to guess yeah we have
the cards which is your character and
for those who don't really know how to
play
it's really simple so we'll give you a
rundown we're gonna shuffle these cards
and then the two people who are playing
there are special guests coming
downstairs I'm gonna play him game
number one we're each gonna get a card
for attendance and Brian he's gonna get
one and this is me I'm gonna get one I
got tan or false so I'm not gonna know
that I'm not allowed to see it
and I got sniper whoops you know
whatever I could be like and does your
president wearing earrings tan or false
is not weighing earrings so Brian's
gonna be like No so then what I do I put
down everybody who is wearing earrings
my mom me and whoever guesses at first
wins
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the rest
of this video drop a like if you liked
this idea or you liked this concept and
who knows maybe if you like it we'll do
a part two with different youtubers
public enemy number one opponent number
one you've been on YouTube for five
years you said you're not losing okay
right here by the way we're missing one
they didn't print tell Adam okay guys so
we have Dennis shuffling the cards right
now me and Brian do not know which car
we're gonna get well yes 100 men who is
going to win hey guess who didn't go hey
Dennis pass us each one car well you can
put down the atom I can show you my card
fine do not look hmm
okay so I have both check Ryan's really
told me the guys oh oh wait that's
really funny
that's a funny pair I don't know one
rock-paper-scissors see those first does
your person have earrings yes yes yeah
but watch this massacre of youtubers no
earrings going down Jake fall down fade
rain down pants on down touchdown scares
down superwoman
the Zoe tanner adapt chance earrings
you're hiding your earrings but will
leave you rise who Sniper Wolf Tessa
Brooks rug you know your history no
foodie Logan pop wait Logan I'm sorry
Logan Paul literally looks like he's
made for this game he looks like a guess
who character like the real one down
roaming down and all right so I know
your characters are guys I'm not masters
I can put down the girl so Brian gets a
head start but it's my fault here oh I
know
does your character have blonde hair
does your person have blonde hair no no
I mean in that I can't tell from the
picture because okay but like the person
you put down like the person I have
doesn't have blonde hair but you put
down like how am I supposed to do this
like you put down the person that so the
person I put down doesn't have long here
ya go okay does your person wear a hat
No
okay is your person a girl no I know who
it is I'm gonna guess next Monday so I'm
gonna guess who and if I get it right
okay is your character
Ellis Kay no oh yeah I'll give you one
more guess I'll give you one cuz you're
Binks right yeah okay I'll give you one
more guess one more guess rice gum
that's why I was telling you it's funny
that you guys picked them too oh yeah
that's so annoying because I basically
gave you my hand side oh yeah you put it
down it has blonde hair doesn't this
picture how does that look like he has
blonde hair
thanks for walking us more he has a
blond hair okay one more round
you are doing rematch yeah and I gave
away that it was a boy effort okay guys
we're gonna Remax out but now you know
how we play this game Dennis can you
please shuffle that was just a test
drive that's a test Rock now the warm-up
to show you guys who nothing counts even
though I want guys you don't even
understand we were out there that's
yesterday for nine hours if you have me
on snapchat and I'm sure you saw my
story it was crazy
Brian don't look
does your person have a beard no what
the heck oh only three pounds of bad
questions but if I got it right I know
okay okay mom we're coming does your
character have one here yes yeah yeah
yeah guys go put down the road without
without everyone who doesn't have blonde
hair so you guys put down 90% of the
board
okay I'm screwed I'm just going for the
home run there's only two people wearing
a hat but is your person wearing a hat
now damn it hmm oh boy yeah oh yeah okay
is your person a girl hey wait this uh
my question does your person have
glasses no I'm gonna just go for the
guess just one more round one more I'm
gonna guess it right go is your person
Jay Paul no but I'm just gonna guess
yeah had you said someone else was a
tenor yeah okay guys next contestant
papa rock and drop one
so I beat Brian and now he has sent his
father over to take down the king of
guess whom I'm not familiar with you
I already know my dad's playing a trick
hold on let me just tell them to trick
my dad's play cuz I played guest 2 with
my dad he's laughing so that I think
it's either phase rug mamma rug or
Broadus
but he doesn't really have any of us
he's laughing so I could be like oh yes
one of us but it's not any other oh not
today - and then ok you go first I lost
that's the only thing I'll lose in
rock-paper-scissors not this and your
person have a hat
no no hat ok dad well since you asked me
that I'm assuming your person has a hat
does your person have it happen no no
your person had blonde hair what is it
called blonde hair blended London
no no blonde hair no blender
alright okay dad does your person have
earrings okay no earrings yeah
no earrings oh yeah yes no God my dad
tries to cheat by lying about the
questions I swear he does it in the
regular game beer yes let Brian see my
car I see by Jim I already knew it my
okay I have to get twenty times champion
well he said this person doesn't even
have ears so let me put down anyone who
has ears unless you touch one of these
other tricks
Tessa Brooks no of course I get this
anyway what do you think he is no Jay
Paul see he lied he played a trick he
said my person doesn't even have ears so
he made me think that it was one of the
girls where they're illa I was saying
until even have here to have hearings
that's just not right no you ain t
played a trick technically you're
supposed to be playing Jackie because
you want but my mom is calling you over
to eat cuz the food is ready okay
guys I lost well no one's here to
shuffle but look I'm not looking at much
hey you want the first card or second
card second second so I guess first hey
don't look no guys how much you wanna
bet if I beat Jackie no matter how I be
hurt she's gonna accuse me of cheating
no matter what okay okay okay ladies
first
okay that's your person have blond hair
yes everybody without yes I think
the food's ready babe we'll restart
after I go eat and we'll start over
we'll take new cars mom it is the food
ready
see if she said it's getting cold first
round okay here watch this does your
person have a beard No Yolo Yolo
actually I'll answer yes or no questions
yes yes yes female ooh
it's your prison wearing a hat oh my
gosh I hate this game let's take the El
Jenny wasted all of our time at FedEx
yesterday King anga actually you can't
guess why those joking you could you
can't get to listen I get one question
and then my guest does your person have
earrings no oh my dog is gay my lady
yeah Gharib okay earrings
- oh really you have to take a guess now
I know
ooh I'm just gonna be bored I'm gonna
assume it's not my mom
because when Brian came if Brian had
seen her card it was my mom he would
have been like uh and he didn't do that
so I'm gonna assume it's not my mom I'm
also gonna assume it's not Sherman
because he would have had the same
reaction and we already picked
jennamarbles leaving LSK look I try to
be awesome more and be a detective was
nothing and that else can I expect her
to be like how'd you do that
IML escape no okay okay you know what I
lost two times in a row I'm retired just
like Michael Jordan he did everything he
could for the sport of bass one he just
retired I did too much for this guess
who I'm done I won too many rings as
long as I beat Brian I'm satisfied as
Brian said he was the Kings module you
two for fiber babe you would get to pick
first but this is my mom so she it's my
mom you want the first card or second
card how come you didn't let me go first
person have a high no some that's your
person have a beard
yeah wait does this count what's that
mean okay is your person
yeah girls here after they shower okay
trying to cheat hey hey guys update my
mom has one two three four five six
seven leg one two three four five six
seven eight ABS my bank account okay let
me guess let me just cuz I'm what I
guess it's your person face about yeah
yeah I'm Jackie went wolves Oh does your
person have black hair yeah she said so
so we put everybody that's not it did
little I don't have so my mom asked does
your press out black hair Jackie said
yes and all of my mom's people left cuz
I rise go nice don't know okay I'm down
scarce
what scars scare no no who are you is
your person should I ask for no good
yes Hayes wrong to bring them to do my
food is probably it's better off leaving
in the freezer it's frozen guys thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed drop a like if you
did subscribe if you're new we went
through so much to put this game work
together yesterday it was crazy so I
really really hope you guys enjoyed
other than that I won one time Brian 1-0
my dad won won won and my mom won wanted
so we might have to have a part two to
break all this halftime
this is the best yeah okay guys thank
you so much for watching Pete
