careful man ma'am careful okay guys look
we're at Benihana you know fancy eating
spot for my cousin's 21st birthday you
know everybody's dressed up Brian
Anthony Jackie and then look at me
freaking Jackie socks with the slippers
basketball shorts and a basketball
t-shirt what is it Nike there's an O
right there guys first of all let me
just say these aren't Kyrie shorts I
bought them when I thought Kyrie Irving
was going to Phoenix instead he went to
Boston first of all Congrats all you
Boston Celtics fans you got a great
player I don't know about how much you
guys gave up and let oh my god her dress
is in the jewel who dresses in the door
who dresses in the door oh my gosh okay
I don't know about you guys giving up
that much for a trade but anyways you
guys got Kyrie so congrats and I'll
supposed to return these I only bought
these because I thought I was going to
Phoenix I told myself that if he didn't
go to Phoenix I would return these back
to the mall but I lost the receipt so
now I still wear them Chanel happy
birthday
Chanel can I give them a fun facts about
us we work together for over a year in
the same store the same everything and
we always used to beg the boss and for
what games Chanel would always tell me
Brandon why do you want to push carts
because I like pushing carts anyways you
know I like the new hairstyle new age
new hairstyle why should I do you like
my hey guys what's up its me Clint right
now this is my youtube channel Justin
hey don't laugh at it
Clint's a future actor so I'm letting
you take hey what's up everyone it's me
Chloe this right now
was it magic I'm sorry how are you guys
doing god bless you all right god bless
huh
how was work
hey how long do you want me to put my
phone on the grill she said it's very
hot wait wait go guys so me and Anthony
were vlogging and I opened up my left
ear to hear Clint whispering to Amanda
so they're gonna record us while the
whole time happy birthday oh my god the
German German for extra garlic butter
look it looks like I sweeten it too all
garlic butter Amanda
I'm ready
I'm geeked now with the loop bubbly flow
it's what you say enough hype me up
tonight what you say thanks you know
happy birthday
Amanda Amanda We Need to Talk under the
table you think it's a joke more girl go
but it's our lives we're gonna get a
heart attach the second we take advice
on a joke it's not a long distance
Amanda is it one extra spoon okay to
excess okay I'm in a bed for six million
inches too
this is how Brandon's dated our look
guys like it's not I caught it on camera
written it I caught your date on camera
look Brandon ordered one and look at me
I put away the food has limited guys
Anthony gets to steak rare Anthony with
us you might as well go to the farm and
take a buyout of the cow you might as
well take one of those it's actually
their one-year anniversary of going to a
haunted tunnel yeah and dating guys
notice how the only person missing right
now it can't tha need what did he have
to be say I guess he said move it and he
ran up and went about to follow all of
us are fine we're all still here but
Anthony so what happened what in a weird
space yeah where were you bro Oh human
use the restroom guys
Amanda how was your meal amazing was it
no garlic butter leftover Amanda ride
drive behind her in case the car just
stopped snowing over with
imagine how awkward this is for Dennis I
feel so bad
Chanel how's the food Jess how's the
food by Chanel happy birthday thank you
it's actually thank God I'm leaving you
thank God I'm leaving Mandy we don't
have to be friends would just behave
come on man
mo man come on man come on man hey oh no
everyone gets to go home alone and I
have to go home with Jackie ah just
joking at least I'm getting some weight
guys I have the garage opener and Brian
doesn't Brian I think I'm gonna go to
like Chuck E Cheese first before going
home what are they doing okay all I hear
is Caitlyn Jenner I don't know what's
going on the old K Brian
who's Caitlyn Jenner okay looks like
Caitlyn Jenner Brian I want a contest
with you and Amanda Amanda rev yours I I
got my money on Amanda
okay Brian where's your comeback Amanda
one Amanda one 100% do you think I
should go to the gym tomorrow Jackie
babe do you think I should go to the gym
tomorrow so you have the angel and the
devil on my shoulders go back you guys
my foot I swear I don't know what
happened to it but it's so bad my left
foot like all right here it feels like a
sprain but I can't resist playing
basketball I can't stop so I'm going
tomorrow I only play basketball every
day not guys it's bad I don't know what
happened I tried to play on it this
morning and I got even worse when I know
a bunch of my friends and a bunch of
people I know are playing basketball and
I get that text saying yo come to the
basketball courts we're all playing I
can't turn that down me getting a text
from my friend saying yo come to the
basketball court it's like a guy getting
a text from a girl saying come over my
parents aren't home it's the same exact
thing to me I send me getting a text
from one of my friends saying come play
basketball is like a guy getting a text
from a girl saying come over my parents
aren't home babe I'll be fine if my leg
breaks it breaks but it's all for
basketball
Dennis will sleep in the middle of us on
the bed
Denis why are you so scared to sleep on
the bed let's come on just one for one
night sleep in the wall
why no you're being rude I need to go to
therapy because then they're not gonna
let me play any more basketball even if
the doctor gave me crutches and said
sorry you're on crutches I'll go to the
gym and play basketball on my crutches
I'm never changing the different boogers
okay guys it's getting really really
late it's like midnight right now so
it's time for me to start editing my
video and get some sleep
babe okay well I have the best
girlfriend we gotta go to sleep she
massages my injured foot for me to get
me ready for a basketball tomorrow then
why are you massaging it I took it as a
hint of you saying okay you can go play
basketball tomorrow watch some Family
Guy and get ready for some sleep no
you're Peter and I'm loss
this time guys this is crazy this has
been going on for so long babe uh uh
so who remembers when Brian pranked me
with a snake he brought a Python to the
house okay first of all I don't know why
we're still talking about the prank it's
because I'm that traumatized of snakes
but Jackie is saying that the Python
only has two teeth it has two fans
no that's others snakes others no a
Python is a venomous Lucy I'm not a
snake but I know everything about snakes
I'm so scared of them listen pythons
have a bunch of teeth they have four
rows of things
no no no no pythons are not venomous
they have four rows of teeth and they
could have anywhere from thirty to fifty
to a hundred to one hundred fifty teeth
on for so long
okay so anyways this is what I brought
my camera because we made a bed I told
Jackie that I'm gonna look this up okay
guys stop because when I look it up and
you see that I'm right you're gonna be
like
okay so what we said was I'm not even
scared about this look I'm saying it
happening with confidence because I
don't write loser or not loser but
whoever's wrong has to get 30 water
balloons dumped on them I found them
where I'm know where it is but I found
like something I hadn't thought a long
time ago 30 water balloons dumped on
them listen so just just to confirm so
my answer is saying that Python are not
venomous and they have a bunch of teeth
same thing and comets aren't venomous
either and your answer is that a Python
has two fangs yes okay okay that's no
reason if if you're right you can have
all my devin booker these all my phoenix
suns ready you
burn them in front of my eyes it's your
rice kendo okay let's see cheese does
Taipei see she's expecting me right now
to look at the phone and be like oh babe
you're right but no babe look at this
pythons are non-venomous snakes first
and foremost non-venomous the hold on
let's just keep going
iPhones do not have fangs they do have
teeth though look I'm 18 so how do they
get you
because pythons are constrictors they
take you bite you squeeze you till you
die well let me show them to look how
many water balloons babe I told you I
don't know why you kept going with it I
never made the bet of water balloons
until you kept going and kept going
hold it right here babe here I'll let
you pick the color there's orange green
blue green nice shirt by the way
the apparel still on sale guys link in
the description down below there's two
more days to get it by the way for
everybody wondering it was supposed to
end on Friday since it's Labor Day
weekend we decided just extend it
through the weekend so it ends tomorrow
night you have today and tomorrow to get
it by the way shout out to everybody who
has already purchased emerge I can't
wait to meet you guys and see you guys
wearing it's gonna make me cry anyways
forget the merch guys we are about to
dump a bucket of xxx water balloons on
to Jackie babe I'm gonna do from the
roof the roof the roof you don't have a
bathing suit okay guys hold on we're
gonna figure this out and then we will
pick this back up
Jackie do have a bathing suit so that's
the closest we could find at least it's
super hot so you can get a little a
little chilly how do I know when to stop
you'll see it they'll stop by themselves
you got to put the bucket underneath go
go go oh yeah guys I learned is from
nanny duties okay some of them have
holes it's squirting up it's okay babe
the bucket has so much water in it to
wait they fall off by themselves yeah
look you'll see oh there we go
there's the greatest invention on earth
except for this one this Beach has
ruined everything
are you nervous yes are you scared yes
are you mad that you said Python have
two things and they're venomous
oh wait let's go back to 2012
are you moded oh my gosh these are kind
of big now guys so not only is it 30
water balloons but the buckets filled up
with water ok guys I'm about to get onto
the roof okay this room looks familiar
because of why I jumped on to it because
of a snake prank be careful it's not
stable at all I notice it now I didn't
notice it when the snake Bank was going
on because I was so scared I really got
it's big it's a lizard bow on the wall I
swear it was coming up now I went to the
right I don't know now he's facing high
streets coming up where'd he go boys
right there
hey go close them hey be careful the
brick my slant here head
it's okay God thank you so much for
watching today's video I hope you did
enjoy this was unexpected but you kept
going at it no buckling there's two
people in two phases
I'll let you know what let's make a bet
thing so guys thank you so much for
watching this video drop a like if you
get enjoyed subscribe if you're new
other than that banning I'm out
