what is going on you guys brandon here
AKA products and today i am bringing you
guys what might be the most awaited
video on my channel i've been waiting
and waiting and waiting to do this print
and i feel like this is finally the
perfect opportunity listen everybody
knows my brother i love him he's little
rugrat he's so nice he's so caring he's
so sweet and small and everything but
when it comes to pranking that man is
evil and for those who don't know he
brought a snake to my house a python and
my biggest fear on this earth are snakes
he brought it i jumped onto the roof i
was about to jump off my house he got me
with that and then before i even had
time to get him back with a revenge
prank little rugrat got me with another
prank where he dropped a haunted doll
right in front of my guys
this dude is evil and it's about time i
get him back every single day all over
my social medias all over my youtube
comments you guys are begging me bro
friend if you need to prank rug back how
are you gonna let him Punk you like that
how are you gonna let rug print you two
times and you're not even getting him
back well listen listen guys listen i'm
so excited right now I could have easily
got Brian back it's so easy to come up
with a small little prank you know maybe
I could put salt in his water you know I
could do something small any time but no
you know when Drake goes like this
mm-hmm I was waiting for a huge
opportunity because I told myself I'm
not gonna get Brian back with some
little prank no my mom did wait I got my
mom raised me to do big pranks and
that's what I'm gonna do to Brian my
brother just picked up a brand new white
Lamborghini Huracan it is beautiful by
the way Brian Congrats
I love you I'm proud of you and whatever
I'm not giving you props I don't even
care anymore
this video is my revenge it's not about
props to you but props to you for
getting the car Brian it's an amazing
accomplishment I want to steal that car
I'm going to hide it somewhere in this
community thankfully we live in a gated
community so anywhere I hide it is gonna
be safe and I'm simply gonna walk into
Brian's room and be like oh hey rug rat
I didn't know you were home your cars
are outside and then we'll go from there
so I'm hoping this works out I'm hoping
everything goes as planned because I've
been waiting to get the evil rug rat
back I feel like this prank is gonna
make him freak out his Lambo is like his
little baby I wish I love my future baby
as much as Brian loves his Lambo let's
just say that that's how much he cares
for it and I hope this works out I hope
weeks the out guys I hope you enjoy the
rest of this video
Brian I love you I'm proud of you for
getting this car you work hard and it
shows but today we are stealing your car
and I hope you freak the hell out it is
time to go execute this prank perfect
look dad you don't even know what I'm
doing okay guys I'm asking my dad for
one favor here so Brian doesn't hear
please I need you to distract Brian
while I move this car I'm doing a stolen
car personally yeah he's gonna kill me
for you and driving this car Brian I'm
sorry I love you but I have to move it
because guys Brian made a video with my
dad yesterday so can you go to Brian's
room and be like oh can we watch the
video you made or something just
distract him like just say can we watch
the video you made them yesterday
no yeah please cause we're gonna go to
movies right here yeah he's in his room
I'm so nervous not only for the prank
but to drive from Tampa all come
upstairs all my said yeah yeah trust me
Dad Bosley wait you can't come bro I'm
sorry just watch the video tomorrow
it'll be uploaded tomorrow and you could
see everything but I can't bring you
with me Bo okay guys shout out to my
brothers 20 years old and just picked up
a Lambo Congrats Brian
Finkle here I don't think it's that Wow
imagine dennis is on his side he puts a
microphone behind the
okay super-quiet to unlock it I'm
talking to the Lambo right now please
just be someone I saw you don't go okay
guys so apparently you gotta lift this
way I'm so nervous to start it I swear
it's so loud
don't rolling
go okay guys so I'm filming with my
phone right now dennis has the camera
Brian when you watch this I'm sorry I'm
driving your car I know you're gonna
kill me but it's good it got quieter oh
nevermind okay guys I've been driving
for a while now
I wonder where I'm gonna leave the car
I've never driven this far into the
community so I don't okay well not here
it says no parking so by the way let me
just say smooth ride Brian oh here let
me just change this video to gold digger
Frank hey ma'am do you like the ride
just joking shout-out Jackie hi babe
damn we have a park here oh my gosh I
never knew that okay I'm not gonna lie
guys I got a little carried away driving
it and I've just been driving it around
for a little while I love this car but
now I really need to find a parking spot
okay hold on guys I found a perfect
parking spot it's really really hidden
but I'm so far from the house there's no
way I could walk back so I need to call
it Dennis and see if you could come pick
me up really quick because I'm extremely
far right now you did think about this
hill thing that look like guys I think I
overdid it a little bit I didn't need to
park this far away so the car's right
there Dennis shout-out to him great
friend he's on his way to pick me up
really quick I'm just gonna start
walking towards him so we can meet in
the middle
you gotta go get him from the hill
didn't think about where I'm taking the
Gulf I'm not taking my car all right
Brandon I'm
hey but honestly I'm just gonna walk
into Brian's room cuz I'm gonna I'm
gonna hear Brian in his room and I'm
gonna walk in and be like yo Brian
you're home I didn't see your car
outside and then he'll be like I don't
know what do you mean you didn't see my
car outside that's what I'm hoping I'm
hoping he freaks out and then I'll just
be like nah bro your car wasn't outside
I didn't see it imagine he's super calm
he's like oh well at least I saw my
Range Rover I don't care about the Lambo
okay I swear overdid it I parked so far
like he was gonna come all the way here
and check we were coming but yeah guys
I'm extremely nervous right now
everything's going as planned right now
thankfully Brian made a video of my dad
yesterday so my dad had an excuse to go
in his room and distract him so they're
watching the video he made shout out to
my dad for distracting him I have no
idea where dennis is I might as well
just walk to the house I feel like
Brian's gonna flip out like I said he
loves his Lambo like a newborn baby
there's there a horn on this Dennis you
came in the golf cart beep-beep
screw the Lambo bro look at this thing
Brian should have a golf cart is sexy oh
you were filming yeah this is the go
okay it's time we go for it you can't
even see it from here I parked it so far
here take your regular camera hey
careful careful I'm happening hey guys
I'm so nervous right now
I'm nervous I'm driving this is my god
still with Brian yeah he never came out
okay hey we need to find a plate guys
we're gonna find a place to set up the
camera like outside where Brian parked
his car and then we're gonna calm down
stairs bro I hope I get a crazy reaction
I swear I'm not gonna give him for a
long time you guys know me I like to
keep my pranks going so Dennis get four
whoa whoa it's a golf cart not a frickin
Lambo and turn off my headlights oh
don't get ticketed and hopefully this
prank goes to perfection for you guys
it's time to get the evil rugrat sorry
it's time to get evil rugrat back do you
think he deserves this after the two
pranks you don't yeah I was waiting for
this for a while
I'm sure especially the snake prank
Brian you deserve this okay guys we got
the camera set up I am now filming with
my phone and we are about to call Brian
downstairs
okay Bosley no please don't bark at me
I'm your owner that's I'm so nervous
right now I always get this super
nervous feeling every time before I do a
prank
wait you're home Brian I didn't see your
car outside where'd you park it in the
garage I didn't see it in the driveway I
didn't see it outside I don't know maybe
I'm wrong but it's not outside dad you
didn't move his car I don't I don't
think it's in the driveway I didn't see
I didn't know you were home I just came
upstairs and I heard your voice oh no no
I might be wrong don't get mad if it's
there maybe I didn't see you but I
wanted to vlog it I know no no the Range
Rovers did I saw the Ranger I'm telling
you I could be wrong I just wanted to
that part in my heart why is your heart
because it's probably they're probably
just it's easy to carve Oh
yeah where was it come here Bobby it was
it right here huh yeah I plug in here
behind what spread it drive no maybe my
dad but not me why
Brian was it really right there
don't I don't have it Ryan play with
whoa dad
where'd you guys park it come on like
when did you last see it you let my dad
borrow it last time but you had it this
morning
are you messing around yes they're
knowing that I'm gonna call the cops it
no what are you gonna call the cops
right in this garage edu check here
okay my dad's car Randy don't call the
hotline what if I did in part this is
where I last had it but you drive over
there well what if someone like Tookie I
don't know did you lock it did you last
lock it because it's possibly a key to
it or no cuz i yeah call me should I
call the security at the front if anyone
went out no there's only I've only seen
one because you now you've made like
multiple videos what if people got
jealous and took the car
what are you gonna do what do you mean
you're calling the cup wait why are you
calling me a dumbass I'm helping you
I'll talk to the cops wait we'll call
the cops in a little bit hold on Brian
what is my mum to be wait call my mom
first call my mom wait what I don't know
my mom are you sure wait what do you
call them climb the hello uh hold on
don't call the cops right yeah hold on
Brian fuck are you doing hold on don't
call the cops right now let's just talk
Brian maybe my mom has it myself just
see what my mom it's not in the driveway
Brian I like how you have the heart
mixer my mom's name like the heart fuck
is wrong no I'm just saying I like the
heart emoji Nick's my mom's name but
okay maybe it's here no I'm with my dad
okay
well what do you call the cops for a
road
I don't know don't call the cops
don't call the cops I don't know what
I'm fucking doing raining right Brian
don't go hey go go go it's a break hey
go go go it's a break friend shut up
break it's a break right I moved your
car I moved it look look look Brian
Brian
you gave me an Indian burn it's right
it's literally like Ryan where is it's
in this community somewhere you think I
remember Brian I need to find the point
that I dropped on the the red point
Brian he scratched my hand my fucking
shake hey Brian went crazy
I know I dad he blamed musics dead do
what you do you didn't even play me at
first you blame my dad oh my god Brian
it's literally look album or you can
bring you back
I'll give him a ride in the Gulf great
to go get it guys Brian I'm literally
sweating because I was scared huh no I'm
sweating I was wait dad can you tell my
mom it was just a prank cuz my mom I
didn't tell my mom about the prank and
she's probably freaking out guys Brian
literally had 911 on the phone I
apologize about the bad angles I thought
Brian was gonna stay out here so I just
had a camera set up here I didn't know
he was gonna go upstairs so Louise are
you sweating I'm just like speechless
hey come on come on boy yeah what a damn
Python to my room wait how do you turn
this on
that's fine we'll hit Bosley bye how do
you turn this on are you excited to go
see your limo yeah Lamborghini mercy
before someone actually steals it I did
seal pretty much okay what do we do the
coyotes they're gonna scratch Bosley
watch our boat I can barely drive a golf
ball Bryan and I drove your Lambo wait
how do we put it in Drive oh my god fine
can you hold the camera please if you
could without shaking no at one point
like I literally 100% was convinced that
my car was stolen
you know I didn't even know how to put
it in drive I swear let's figure it out
no there's something called Google
search how to put a Lambo in drive out a
report about I have my camera and I to
use my phone okay okay Bryan no I'm
scared yo chick she so thirsty six and a
half hours later where is it I'm
following the way up I'm gonna be so
happy seeing you looking for a place to
party I took it around a little test
drive that's fine guys Bryan was
literally I got scared
after I took his phone away and they let
him call them yeah why we I was like
what the fuck are started running after
me any freaking took my anyway you were
just like messing around oh my god right
they see it you were just messing around
you're like oil like I have a heart next
my mom's name I'm like I don't know what
your deal is like oh my god my car my
car Brandi Brandi realizes I love it
Brandi Brandi let me go I'm jumping I'm
jumping
oh my god okay okay
ten days no food nothing
oh they're outnumbered way back you want
to take this back and I'll take your
lamb I'm taking my lambo Brandon fine
okay let's do that over there so I'm
gonna fall Brian what the hell meet you
over there Mike oh my god the dogs gonna
jump the fence I'm sorry bro you know
what I was gonna drive back home first
but I'm waiting for Brian I'm racing him
Lamborghini versus golf car race come on
rug rat what are you doing both come on
let's race you think you're all that
because you got a Lambo you ain't see me
flex in the golf cart yet where will you
go is there a different way to my house
guys I swear I haven't explored this to
me and you won't bid oh right here I
hear I hear Naugle I need a little head
start
I hear but I don't see you oh shit I see
him I see the lights oh shit
I see him come here ugh you can't beat
me and you gotta give me the
right-of-way
Oh sound sound look both ways Bray
Brian I beat you in the race oh my gosh
I'm so happy the prank worked out as
planned except for me getting an idiot
except for me getting an Indian burn hey
how about I take Brian's parking spot
just joking he'll kill me how you feel
how you feel how you feel see it wasn't
all that after the snake prank I was
traumatized for a year even though it's
only been like two months snake was this
big this prank was Brian it doesn't
matter the snake was this big and still
could kill me unless you know what I
like in my head I thought at first like
you like you pranked me with like
putting fake paint on my car or like
sticky-notes prank or something like
that that's that's minor I could have
done that any time I was waiting for
this ring was this a big a good yeah
well I was waiting because this is like
my new precious baby so exactly exactly
god I was waiting I couldn't easily got
you back with some like BS prank to make
up for what you got for me but no I
waited till the guys car and I was
planning this and planning it I'm so
happy it worked out as planned guys I
hope you like my outfit I got the watch
the necklace the earrings and then the
basketball shirt swag it from the top
whatever from the bottom anyways guys I
hope you enjoyed this video optimal to
touch you yeah I'm just like I don't
know what to say like I'm speechless my
phones are like I was like what are you
doing because he actually pressed 9-1-1
I thought it was gonna hello Nicole I
didn't know where my car was
imagine that ambulance comes for a
stolen Lamborghini anyways guys thank
you so much for watching this video
right now first of all don't even think
about getting me back because you did
two pranks on me I'm still gonna this is
all we want that's why I get my five and
then you can do one and then it's time
for me to get my that's the brain of a
prankster you never ever trust them or
little to that Euless I can get five and
you only get one but as you know me with
brains like guys I hope you enjoyed this
video I hope this prank was crazy enough
for you guys cuz you guys tweet me
everyday bro prank rogue back with
something crazy I hope this was enough
for you guys again I apologize about the
camera angle this guy went crazy and
went upstairs I didn't have a camera set
up upstairs I had it right here I was
trying to get my phone yeah so guys drop
a like if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new obviously go check out my
brother's channel subscribe to me after
that one phase rug check it out if you
have already
thank you guys so much for watching this
video peace peace
