sometimes I feel like they should be
background music like playing with us or
we film instead of filming with no music
and then putting the background music in
the editing program because like I don't
know it just feels it feels like it's
fake to the fans to film this without
music and then put music in the editing
program you know what I mean like
sometimes I wish I just had background
music in my life everywhere I went
like if something sad happened in my
life then there's sad music like a
violin but if I'm like playing back of
music in the editing program well great
now they know the special guesses so
there's no point to do my intro like
this oh wait they were already gonna
know from the thumbnail anyways but
others do my intro anyways I was
planning on doing it what's going on you
guys Brandon here aka robotics and today
I am bringing you guys a brand new video
with a special guest would you come on
down for myself boy damn you really want
me that no I'm just saying like that hey
guys does recommend it would be nany
like the Instagram thing that zooms in
fast you know that today I am bringing
you guys a brand new challenge video
with my good friend Jackie is called the
what's in my mouth challenge and how
this is gonna go first of all we have a
blindfold right here it's not really a
blindfold it's the leggings everywhere
from my basketball game but hopefully I
wash it enough to the last game I'm
gonna be picking five items from around
the house and Jackie is going to be
picking five items from around the house
we will not know what these items are
all we are going to do is sit there be
blindfolded
whoever gets the most right obviously
wins a challenge whoever gets the least
then they are the loser so I hope you
Jackie is getting ready to change your
name to loser instead of Jackie because
this is going to happen in about 15 okay
no I just started thinking about lives
because like I'm a sons fan so yeah
you've been thinking else for years you
know what if I'm a fan of a bad
basketball team I heard somewhere I
think I read in my horoscopes you're a
fan of a bad basketball team then that
means you win but what's in your mouth
challenge the cancer horoscope do you
want me a big that was first honestly
just for this part go in the room
no don't if you look I swear it don't
look no that's not fun I swear that's
not fun Jackie just cheater I swear just
go in the bathroom go on the freakin
bathroom Jackie okay good night guys I
can't wait to go on tour and see all you
guys at meet all you guys it's all been
talking about for so long I swear
wait guys you want to see what happens
when you live alone what do my fridge
this is my fridge freakin thin meat
which I'm not gonna use those for the
challenge so Jackie actually likes them
so you didn't eat the whole box actually
I have to hide these from her
speaking of these okay you know what you
don't even wanna know what the same guys
from my food earlier I had one care
leftover and a bunch of green onion so I
guess that's two items to use on Jackie
oh so I'm doing this challenge with my
ex-girlfriend hmm
just joking what what the fuck is this
cutting out this spatula
Oh God I'm definitely not gonna show her
these because she freaking loves these
and she'll eat all of these too
hopefully shouldn't seven when she
walked in funny thing is her mama's got
those for me okay fine if her mom got
that for me then that means I have to
shoot with her I was gonna use a sharpie
but that's way too easy
oh I know what one of them is gonna be
bracelet for shirt stop sliding yo the
bracelet and one more thing
oh the background music that would be
playing right now would be the sneaky
stitch sneaky sneaky snitch whatever the
hell it's called I would do a nail
clipper but she would murder me after
she found out what it is that has my
wife attached to it okay I need to hide
my items so that when she comes out of
the room she doesn't see them I'm done
you have to promise me don't look inside
the second drawer over it the second the
middle one by the fridge I'm serious cuz
I swear that make thinking not fun okay
that's two Oh
battery wonder what are these two I want
to one of these but like a charger cube
almost done you guys what I found
cookies um Brandis gonna kill me when he
edits and watches this hmm I'll do this
okay a sharpie and Joe I don't know who
the fuck this is because yes I use that
so okay guys so we each picked out five
things and I think we're ready to
challenge yet wait what'd you say to the
cookies I saw them with the counters I
ate them did you fine you have cookies
right there no I hid them chocolate
chips how'd you find them - right here I
hid them from you I was eating these
where did those come from with it here
guys so I hid the Girl Scout cookies
that were in the fridge and I forgot I
had more right here I told them I had to
hide them from you because you would eat
them and I knew you were gonna I knew
you were gonna eat them I freaking knew
it I knew it guys I freaking knew you're
gonna eat them how about I'll be a
gentleman and ladies first so you can
torture me for five things first
ah careful you ain't my cookie you
squeezed my brain no I'm a second I'm
not even opening my eyes in the first
place they're closed okay I'm ready I'm
ready
guys I can't wait to go on freaking tour
and meet all you guys okay are you ready
yeah and no snakes I wish I had a snake
you are a snake
oh wait I put it like straight in the
mouth hey hey whoa no that's bogus
you can't do that Jackie I'm serious you
can't do that that's not funny that's
not funny
that's well that's not a joke where are
you she freaking God you know what she
did it's uh let me guess
I want to say chaps but it's too big so
I know it's not that like you had to
pick one that shape just say you had to
do it I know what you know what like I'm
not gone Jackie I don't know a freak and
Sharpie no you're wrong what is it oh my
god I swear look look at it you're wrong
like always if there's another thing
shaped like that don't shove it down my
throat
this is a huge like you had don't we're
talking the rest of this video from you
okay this is huge
they just frickin just go what a hell
okay okay so a hundred percent from the
snack cabinet I say a pack of nuts
no how is this a pack of nuts I don't
know I thought it was frickin cashews
and freakin peanuts and pistachios okay
guys I've got zero right this is hard
Jackie
oh my keep saying my name like you might
dad and I'm in 12 Jackie because first
of all you did do something bogus all
right yeah let's do this
going through menopause why what why are
you laughs is it batteries I got it
right hey hey
that's disgusting that's nasty
what kind of thing even take this be
love battery for your car
what is this for thing's huge okay so I
got one there's just two more things
right I swear my circulations done just
so yeah not that it matters you're not
my girlfriend so you don't care about me
but okay
is there any food I'm hungry Wow it's a
for iPhone charger because I felt a
shape about blog and then the freaking
things those stroking out and to plug
things okay that's two tuna roll baby
I'm gonna feel like the Houston Rockets
go 17 to run away they lost the Raptors
today that game was led by the with
Drake with hi oh don't you start off
basketball janna enough
sharply get off me
that's three in a row three baby I got
three I missed the first two I thought I
was screwed and now I finished off
strong yeah whatever
how many fingers am i holding up great
no you knew what it was it was also good
job whining oh my god I'm scared
wait close your ears really Clint just
put your hands over your ears eight
Queen what are you doing oh it's Mac are
you allowed to touch him with your hands
a little bit more
bill I am your dream Vikram wobble grill
I am sure you're all specific on this
one oh you need somebody to spit it out
why don't you swallow this video so
wrong this we are so wrong or not I
can't agree
Brennan so we dated for over two years
and we're still friends and you still
don't know how to say my name Brandon
okay are you ready
so you got one guy Orion I'm sorry okay
okay open
nope carrot baby your spit out this what
else you know little carrot yeah how
long is that profit class and no juice
couple days could be a couple I wasn't
afraid okay you think the green onions
were fresh oh my god okay so you have
one right next open man
what are you doing it like that I really
don't know you mother take a kiss an
educated guess like the teachers would
say is that a remote nope it's not a
remote it is a spatula from Sponge Bob
what yes what Jackie only has one point
I have three and there's only two items
left so Jackie needs to get these two
right just to tie you gotta come through
clutch you know whose clutch know like
like why would you say James Harden and
not Devin Booker like why okay let's ask
it again once again who is clutch okay
okay so you gotta come to clutch like
debug okay this item you must get it
weekend right
like I'm trying to be my friend I think
I'm gonna change my profession to a game
show host I'll be a good speaker and
with two out of luck Jackie must get
both of these right let's see if you got
enough but Jackie would you open your
mouth
what let me feel it again yeah are you
sure it's like a chain there's no more
feeling there's no one feel it's like a
bracelet you Gigi yes it is because you
asked me to feel it after I already put
it back on my wrist so when you felt you
felt my whole range tool like that so
what would I be waiting on my freaking
thing unless it's a break but listen
ah you listen okay so Jackie has to
write there's one item left you get this
right we tie to get it wrong you lose no
pressure
this is like being down by three in the
NBA one second left and you have to make
it Open Sesame
what don't tell me you know it cuz
that'll ruin my whole night and heard
that before it doesn't what is that like
our remote remote is that your final
guess yeah here I'll let you feel what
it is freaky l'ainte
rolling so I mean unless here let's see
here you might be right I was for sure
wait well I guess it's not a remote so
technically I am the winner I told you
you do take else on that side I bet you
so we don't take us on this side the
authorized mention blue just eat the
whole bag of green onions shot remember
we said that in the beginning no we did
it didn't we
brennon we did it fine I'll go crazy
she said bread we did it am i seeing you
it's Brandon Brandon breathing raisin
bread Brandon well did you go me Raisin
Bran raisins and the cereal yeah okay oh
then your Apple Jackie's get it God
dad's going to be the end of this video
I hope you guys enjoyed if you did
please be sure to drop a like and I
don't know if I said this before but I
literally can't wait to go on tour and
do the meet and greet and meet all you
guys and literally all I've been talking
about for the past couple weeks that's
all the time I'm sure everyone around me
hate me like they hear the word tour
they like they get scared cuz I keep
talking about it but Brandon aka Vadis I
love you guys all I'm out hi guys what's
your favorite cereal
Lucky Charms my favorite cereal is all
in Mexico they have Devin Booker on
those on a cereal box of frosted flakes
I swear I can never ever find the right
word just there's no way this is real
lies
there's no telling you the right girl so
I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
