yo guys just a quick reminder today is
actually your last day to purchase
there's apparel then be sure to get it
the link will be in the description down
below shop Barrois Descamps and i hope
you enjoy the rest of this video
so are we moving out together or no yes
yes what if I haven't decided yet
no guys if we're being honest we still
haven't decided on that apartment in
case you guys in here we're looking at
this really really nice apartment not
sure if it would be me by myself or me
and Jackie we don't even know any of
that yet I haven't even decided if I'm
moving out for sure yet but we are
looking at something and its really
really nice living with my family plays
a huge part in this I love living with
my family I love seeing this face every
single day Baz and say what's up and you
know I love my mom my dad my brother so
if I were to leave you know it would be
a lot different
it'd be a big big step a big decision I
have to make and I just started looking
at that apartment just a couple days ago
so I'm not sure if a decision will be
made anytime soon I don't know I feel
like I should take my time with this and
really let myself know what's right or
what's wrong I want to bring you guys
with me of what would be the biggest
decision that I've had to make in my
life
Denis is shy looking here he's
embarrassed guys Jacky's finally back
from her nanny duties her babysitting
duties what did you do with the dog so
it doesn't being around crazy dogs like
that make you appreciate this lazy one
so much more look but yeah guys Jacky
was away from me since 12:00 she just
got back I left you for a basketball but
you can't get mad basketball is my
girlfriend yo I saw a shirt like that I
swear it's called basketball as my
girlfriend can I wear it one me and you
go on a date imagine I wear it my
wedding day basketball is my girlfriend
know what sure are you gonna make me if
I wear shirt with your face on it that's
like wearing a shirt with a basketball
because your head is round
hey guys yesterday I hurt my foot I
don't want to say I sprained it but
something really bad happened to it I
could barely walk and come back she gets
know I need to go to the gym tomorrow to
play basketball no one's waiting for me
I just love basketball it's my second
girlfriend I'm not being a bit I could
still walk barely
guys I woke Jackie up I couldn't go to
sleep the pain was so bad guys the pain
was so bad I couldn't fall asleep I was
up till like 5:00 or 6:00 in the morning
and I was like babe honestly please just
give me a massage so thank you for the
massages babe but I need but I need to
go to the gym just for a little bit to
play some basketball I swear I don't
even know what happened to my foot but
it's bad guys what a good nanny
Jackie is she not only did she babysit
the kids but she took all three of the
kids and the dog to the beach does that
mean you're gonna be a good mom hey
you're a liar you tweeted today you said
guys being a nanny makes you realize how
much hard work okay so you're saying you
can't be a mom right now right but in my
video yesterday we heard something
different in my video yes the cutest
baby is in this building and I need to
show you guys baby fever hints
remember Brannon edits these videos
though I don't listen when I'm on the
core I just focus on the game I don't
hear what she's saying I hear in the
editing program and I freaked out in the
morning when I was editing oh god okay
let me just get straight into it so as
you could tell by the title and
thumbnail of this video we have put this
house up for sale
I know it's crazy we just moved in it
hasn't even been three months the truth
is none of us are happy in this house
and I know trust me you guys might think
I'm joking or you might think it sounds
really really crazy and it is it's
really crazy because when we moved into
this house you know beautiful home and
huge like a mansion you know swimming
pool with basketball hoop and everything
you would imagine okay there's gonna be
great it's gonna be amazing and it just
turns out that like none of us are happy
here me my mom my brother my dad nobody
and we talked as a family and we decided
that none of us were gonna mention it
until we actually sold the house but the
reason I'm bringing it to your guys's
attention right now is because for those
who don't know a couple of days ago I
made a video where I was looking at new
apartments and I was talking about how I
might be moving out and obviously in
that video I never mentioned how we're
gonna be selling this house so I got a
lot of backlash in the comments sections
I got a lot of hate saying oh you and
your brother just moved your family into
this huge mansion and now you're leaving
or why are you gonna leave your family
in that really big house they need you
there and all that
yo the only reason I decided to go look
at apartments was because they told me
that they were putting the house up for
sale and you know me I get a lot of hate
I don't care hate is hate whatever I
don't mind the hey I really don't but
when it comes to hate within your family
like people saying or you're leaving
your mom and dad that's messed up or how
are you gonna leave your family in this
big mansion by themselves that's when
it's different yes I might be moving out
yes I went and looked at apartments but
that was because my family came to me
and told me that they're putting this
house up for sale now to explain why
we're leaving like I said earlier we're
just not happy here it's just the feel
isn't right I don't know if it's the
house or the area and let me just say
one thing before I keep going with this
we are very very very blessed to even be
able to
living in a house like this let alone
like a man shit the fact that you know
me and my brother are able to afford a
such a young age we're blessed and I'm
extremely grateful so the it's not like
we're leaving and I'm like oh I hate
this place I want to go find a better
place that's not it at all it has
nothing to do with you know how grateful
we are anything it just has to do with
like happiness and isn't the whole point
of life to be happy we're just not happy
here and again I'm not sure if it's the
house or the area but we just feel so
divided from everybody else it's so away
from everything and it's so if from my
point of view it's so away from my
friends it's so away from where I played
basketball it's so away from the rest of
my family members for my dad's point of
view it's so away from his work from my
mom's point of view when we lived at the
old house she used to live so close to
his sister to her mom you know her mom
is getting up there in age and obviously
my mom loves her mom and she used to
always be with her and now we live so
far that my mom barely sees any of her
sisters she barely sees her own mother
and so my mom isn't happy from Bryan's
point of view he just told me that he
just doesn't like the area and it wasn't
a Oh mom and dad decided this but me and
Bryan decided this no it wasn't like a
split decision it was a 100% we all came
together and said you know we're not
happy here and so we put the house up
for sale I'm not sure how long it's
gonna take to sell this house because in
case you don't know a house like this
it's really hard to sell it could take
four months six months it could honestly
it could take over a year it could take
up to two years guys if there's one
thing I learned from this little 3-month
experiment it's that nice things you
know big nice materialistic things those
don't buy happiness it's like trust me
when I say I'm just gonna be straight up
this house was expensive
it was 2.4 2.5 million dollars you know
a ton of bedroom the swimming pool a
basketball hoop so you would imagine oh
their family's so happy they're you know
the house is so nice and so big so
expensive no we weren't happy you're
living in the smaller house in a cheaper
house with less bedrooms and it's just
if there's one thing I've learned from
this the past three months is that money
can't buy happiness you're truly happy
when you're comfortable you're truly
happy when you're settled and it just
we never felt settled in this house and
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who felt
like this because I felt like this for a
while ever since we moved in I kept
saying okay I'll get used to it I'll get
accustomed to it we'll get used to it
and it never really happened for me but
I was scared to speak up because I
thought that my mom and dad were happy
here and so I didn't want to you know
kill their vibe and be like mom I'm not
happy here so I never spoke up first I
never mentioned anything so when my mom
and dad came up to me and said you know
we're not happy here we're most likely
gonna put the house up for sale I was
like it's a relief and I finally spoke
out to them like you know me either I
don't like it here I don't like the area
and once again I'm very very grateful I
know we're very blessed especially me
and my brother to even be able to put my
family in a house like this we're very
blessed but money can't buy happiness
that's what I'm trying to say and that's
the crazy thing I mean it was a huge
experiment that we took a chance on and
you know I was hesitant from the start
but it was something that had to be done
I never wanted to move but we had to
move our old house was way too dangerous
and you know these haters started doing
things to the house like egging is
smashing the windows of my car and
honestly I don't give a about that I
really don't
but the reason we moved my mom and dad
just didn't feel safe and I would never
ever put my parents in a position where
they don't feel safe to live in their
own home so we moved and it turns out
it's just none of us are happy so what's
gonna happen next
when we sell this house I wish we could
go back to the old house trust me a lot
of people are gonna be in the comments
section saying bro when you sell this
house go back to the old house
but we just can we can there's so many
haters that for whatever reason they
just likes and disrupt other people's
lives they like to you know do things to
put you down and to me like I said I
don't care about that whatever dude do
it to me I don't care just don't do it
to my parents and so I don't want to put
my parents in a position where they're
living in fear or they're living and
worried like they don't deserve that so
we can't go back to the old house trust
me I wish we could so what's gonna
happen now is we're gonna
find a home for my mom and dad closer to
the area we used to live because that's
the area where we're happy we lived
there for almost 20 years and then me
and my brother gonna weigh our options I
mean they're gonna decide to move out
whether it's with Jackie or with myself
money to decide first if I'm going to
move out into my own place or if I'm
gonna be staying with my parents
wherever they move and then my brother
also is weighing his options he doesn't
know if he's gonna move out or stay with
my parents so we have big decisions to
make and I've put a lot of money to this
house and so did my brother so I'm
hoping when we sell the house we can get
full value back but I just don't know if
that's gonna happen so I'm just ready to
move on this was you know makes me feel
like a failure that the house we put my
parents into they're not really happy
with her but at the same time I know
they were happy for at least a little
bit of these three months and so that
makes me happy
I don't know guys that's the truth it
feels so good to get off my chest I just
want to let you guys know that none of
us were happy here you know we might
have looked happy and we might have
forced ourselves to be happy for periods
of time but all in all none of us were
happy here is sucked I'm not gonna lie
it was a wild ride living somewhere for
almost 20 years we lived in our old
house for almost 20 years and then we
moved here everything is so different
everything is so distant and it was it
was weird I'm not gonna lie we had fun
we made memories but it's just not for
us like I said a million times money
can't buy happiness we're living in a
really really nice house and we're
extremely grateful but it's just not for
us so the next step sell this house and
then decide if I'm gonna stay with them
or move out and like I said before no
one was supposed to know that we were
selling this house until we actually
sold it because like I said it could
take a while but when I posted the video
of how I was looking at apartments and I
might be moving out I started getting so
much hate about how splitting the family
apart and how I'm leaving my parents in
this huge mansion by themselves when
that wasn't the case at all you know the
only reason I started looking at those
apartments was because we're selling
this house so I just want to clear that
up because if I get hey I get hey what
about okay but don't bring my parents
and my family into this because I love
my family so I didn't want that to get
confused
I just want us to sell the house I want
us to move back to the area where we're
familiar with even though it sucks we
can't go back to the old house at least
being in that area I know my family
would be more comfortable I know my mom
and dad would be closer to their family
members my dad would be closer to work
again you know I would be happier myself
if I move whether I moved in with my
parents or whether I move out I'm still
looking to live in that area so I would
be happy either way but yeah I know this
this is gonna come as a shocker to all
you guys I know because we never
mentioned it you know my family isn't
built for this area it's like dear
friends alone it's separated it's you
just feel so like by yourself maybe if
this was like maybe if we were like 60
or 70 years old and never went out and
we just like to stay home yes but we're
young like me and my brother are young
my parents are still fairly young
they're not even 50 years old it's just
not for us that's all I'm gonna say the
house is up for sale what if one of you
guys want to buy it go ahead come buy it
take it off our hands we'll see what
happens I'll keep you guys updated on
this whole entire journey whether you
know me and my brother move out with my
parents whether I move out alone whether
my brother moves out alone because he's
weighing his options as well the most
important thing I just want to find
happiness for my parents I want to find
happiness for my family and for myself
so I'll keep you guys updated on this
crazy journey we'll see how long it
takes to sell this house but yeah I'm
really glad I got this off my chest
that's what I love about you guys it's
like when I have no one to turn to to
talk to which first of all shouldn't say
nobody because Jackie my beautiful
girlfriend is always there for me to
talk she's actually waiting outside
right there because I said can you
please get out while I do this part but
she's waiting for me right there so I
always have someone to talk to but it's
like you guys are like on a whole other
level when I speak to you guys it's like
I'm releasing so much out and you guys
are always there for me so I appreciate
that about you guys it's like no matter
what problem I have or no matter how I
feel I can just go to two point two
almost two point three million
subscribers and you guys it's like
you're talking back to me
I feel like I'm speaking to someone
who's listening it's guys I'm talking
way too much trust me I would love to go
back to the old house trust me but I can
it's too dangerous and for my parents
too anyways guys I want to know what you
guys think about this
News because I'm sure it shocked some of
you guys let me know down below what you
guys think if you're if you're excited
for the next steps in our journey
because I want you guys to grow with me
I want you guys to you know whatever I
do I want you guys to be right there by
my side yeah drop a like if you're
excited to see what next steps the owada
spamela is going to take subscribe if
you're new other than that Brandon aka
bruh wadis I am out and I'll keep you
guys updated on everything that goes on
with this situation
