Dennis wake up basketball time Dennis
wake up basketball time bball time get
your shorts on get your socks on what
time is that I just told you it's
basketball time okay guys I'm almost
done with my video I just need to add a
couple things and what time is it Dennis
there we go you're much better when
you're awake and not asleep so we're
about to go play some basketball but we
can't go unless I finish my videos what
time is it no yep guys we have a game
tonight
are we winning tonight Dennis that's
what you said last time and we lost row
I think you should say the opposite when
babe are we winning tonight
hell yeah okay we'll see I got to finish
this video go play some basketball at
the gym and then later on tonight we
have our basketball game I don't have
time to finish my video hot but it is
time to go play some basketball
I have to eat finish my video and it's
time to go play some basketball
hop in Dennis oh wait what's on
you can't tell we already played like
three games but we're not done Dennis
we're not done we got next bitch I swear
I always tire myself out before my games
but I don't care
you're only young one time make the most
of it we would have been playing more
but I had to finish my video on the car
you tired well we got more games to play
and the games are good today I swear
watch on those gonna be so mad watch
let's just go up to him like oh yeah so
that's what happened last game in case
you guys don't know we lost what
happened okay I'm gonna film you shaking
your shot
if Romel misses he's not next me and
Dennis already made it so we got next
and now real Mel has to make her or else
he's off no pressure and Brandon and
Dennis to make what I am Kate if he
misses it he's off me and Dennis both
made it
I'm ready
no pressure
you gotta weigh how many games would be
Rollo so bad he said he's retiring from
basketball I'm done with this shit my
heart can't take it anymore pal are you
coming tomorrow
you know how many times those words that
came out of our mouth I'm done with the
score I hate bats well I'm never playing
it again next day all the place in
basketball okay guys I finished editing
my video before I had to play basketball
but now I need to pick the thumbnail
while we're eating so far I've had to
Eddy and render while walking to the car
I've had to leave it up loading in the
car while playing basketball at the gym
and now pick a thumbnail while we're at
the restaurant grind don't stop
tell them where we're going after this
they're good oh my god the only thing
that puts as big a smile on my face as
basketball is getting haircuts
I love getting haircuts so much it's
been six days guys I'm long overdue
I think they're just gonna ask I asked
Paul how he did in his basketball game
last week and he said oh you know I did
good I have 30 30 points he draws in his
game plan
I'm trying to get it to play with us but
he plays it on the same days as we are
back at the luxury apartments to get a
tour like I said before in my last video
they showed me the outside of the
apartments but they said nobody was
available to give me like a full tour
inside but now someone's available so we
came back and I'm excited to see the
inside because I've never seen the
inside of one but I've heard a lot of
nice things and based off the outside
look they look beautiful so I can't wait
especially since this might be the new
place that I'm living at I don't know
100% I haven't made a decision yet
but it might be the new spot that I live
so I'm really excited to see the inside
and I'll keep you guys updated so right
now we're getting a tour of the place
and I was gonna show in the vlog I was
gonna show you guys everything but I
decided hold on I'll tell you guys in a
little bit so I decided I know right now
whatever so I decided I'm not going to
show you guys until I decide if I'm
gonna move in or not and if I decide to
move in then I'll show you guys like a
full tour of the place and a full reveal
of everything I feel like I want to
leave you guys hanging I always showed
you guys everything I tell you guys
what's going on this time I'm gonna
leave you guys hanging if I move in you
guys will get to see it the day I move
in
okay now I'm in the closet don't worry
I'll still get all the footage so one
day you're gonna see it whether I move
in or not but I'm not gonna show in this
vlog I'm gonna keep you guys hanging and
leave you guys wondering what this
apartment looks like but it's really
really nice and I can't wait for my
basketball game tonight when are you
gonna keep this decoration it says no
boys allowed can we purchase this one
sign and leave it up here so I can edit
my videos here - but look it's fake oh
wait I keep bowing sometimes to show
them Dennis should I show them or no no
should I save it
Jacky's boots wait okay god I'm just
joking they're not really just white do
the boots come with it they keep telling
me nothing comes with it what about the
walls do the walls come with the house
okay does it come with the carpet yeah
yo guys listen we're just gonna get
straight into it
we've lost our last two games and none
of them were pretty we've lost bad both
games we started the season 5 and no 5
wins and 0 losses we were feeling good
and now the last two games I don't even
know what happened honestly they were
terrible they were terrible we want to
just forget about them like here's our
brain here is the first five games and
here's the last two games imagine taking
a saw and cutting this front half and
throwing it away a good way of looking
at to go to everything at it we don't
even wanna think about the last game
today though we are playing a really
really tough team guys team the team
were playing today has six wins and one
loss they've only lost one time but
they're still first no we're not a
fitness win these last two games Ron we
really slacked off I'm blaming it on
myself Brian did you see how shitty I
played last weekend let me in on myself
to bottom carenotes uses I've been
playing like shit anyways we can't lose
again which team wants to lose three in
a row not us we don't want to lose three
in a row today I'd say the most
important game of the season because it
has to yeah I mean we just we need to
win it's not gonna be easy like I said
we're playing a really really tough team
but there's no excuses it's my job Brian
you know what I'm gonna do before the
game guys watch I'm gonna get everybody
in a circle listen I don't even care
yeah I did this last season and it works
I'm gonna get everybody in a circle and
I'm gonna yell at each and every single
player I'm not yelling at me I'm gonna
yell in a nice way
for example I'm gonna take Brian wake
the fuck up make your shot and let's win
the game and I'm gonna try to get them
hot I'm gonna try to get them pumped up
I'm gonna try to be a leader I'm gonna
just try to win this game that's it
Brian let's just try to win this game I
don't care how good the team we're
playing okay let's try to win we don't
want to lose three in a row whatever we
have to do I don't care I scores your
own you score zero if I score 30 and you
score 30 whatever happens happens
way Bernie I'm down to win let's just
get the W the last two games I've been
driving back home and I'm like yo I
played like shit this isn't how I'm
supposed to play I'm supposed to be
playing way better and I've been really
really hard on myself I've been really
down on myself I've just been playing
like shit and I needs to change tonight
it's not gonna be easy the team we're
playing is really really good they've
only lost one game all season but me my
brother and the rest of my teammates are
ready to make it - look who decided to
show up how many go babes are we doing
today
ten go babes I never hear them when I'm
playing cuz I'm so focused on the game
but this time I'll try to hear
it's time for the yell we're waiting for
the last team and he's getting an extra
yo right here yo Maw Alvin Yolo are you
the coach or what
Ron really really I miss Bosley whereas
cube
guys Ron mustn't yelling enough so we
have to send him over there
so one goes about food another stop
learning
let's go
I'm such a motivational speaker
imagine me giving a speech go babe
let's go
you
nine to ten with 12 minutes left
I'm gonna take that one back
okay guys so ten minutes platanus 13 to
15 we're up to also look at my mail
13 to 21 would pour minutes left in the
first
it's 18 seconds left
you
oh they just changed the score
haha
burn in self-pity yeah Thursday's are
like I just went to you and I have so
much to say but today I'm just like
and all I keep hearing in my head is in
New York I'm in a trap
31 to 45 with 12 minutes left
guys my name is social nice haircut
right now
yes the cutest baby is in this building
and I need to show you guys
I have baby fever hint hint
remember Brannon edits these videos
though
they're fighting with each other haha
they're playing so hard out there when I
just give them props
with two minutes left in the second
love it
there's fifty seconds this last 46 240
over to 57
well down
Hey the game was our guns that he shoved
him from the back I don't blame Alvin
for throwing the clock and bothered the
game was over we're up by 12 with five
seconds left
Alvin got the UM the guy came from the
back he shoved him from the band playing
they're saying Alvin might be ejected
next game right away they said you might
be ejected next game but I said as long
as you eject him and the other guy
because the other guy he didn't make a
play on the ball shuttling from the back
if they both get ejected whatever but
you can't
guys I heard the other team talking
after the game and all I heard was Oh at
least now you're gonna be well-known all
over YouTube and in my head I'm like
that's so pathetic like you're gonna
start a fight for no reason just so you
could be known on YouTube like that dude
got soft in the face and if you want to
get soft in the face just I guess look
cool on YouTube I don't know that can't
be me
can't relate okay guys so first of all
let me just say that I don't like when
things like that happen things just got
really really heated as you saw earlier
in this video you know we were just
talking back and forth that's part of
the game trash talk but then when it
comes to swinging and pushing that's
that's too much I'm not happy with what
the other team did and I'm not happy
with all my what my teammate did um so
what happened was we were winning and so
the other team was obviously getting
upset there was like eight seconds left
or five seconds left so the game was
already over my guy got the rebound and
their guy just came out of nowhere and
shoved it to the floor and then the dude
said fu to my teammate so I'm not saying
Alvin is right for throwing a punch
because he shouldn't have done that but
at the same time when all Alvin did was
get a rebound the game was already over
when you're getting shoved in the ground
and then the other guy said you and
respect to my teammate Alvin though for
not letting anybody Punk him nah Alvin
is a real one I don't think that should
have happened the game was already over
we were up by 12 or 10 I don't know if
the game was already over so when my guy
got the rebound
that's it he should have just ended but
instead the dude shoved in so he wasn't
the wrong and then my guy Alvin was in
the wrong because he got up and you know
instead of letting the refs handle it or
instead of just shoving him back he
threw a punch so he's probably gonna get
suspended for an X game but I don't know
then things just got out of hand both
guys were in the wrong my team may end
the other team but things happen
emotions got out of hand we're all cool
we talked after the game you know I told
them we'll probably see you guys in the
playoffs cuz they're a good team
I'm just happy my team won forget the
fight the fight happened yes it sucks
that it happened but I'm just happy my
team won I said before this video
started that we needed a win I told all
my teammates when I got them in the
circle in the huddle I told them both I
got in their face I said let's win this
game let's do what we do and that's what
happened we won the game we played
really good well I played like shit but
I'm
because we won oh my fan have a safe
drive you're in the flog whoa you're in
the flog say what up
this guy's a huge fan hey guys I know
like half the team some of them went to
school with me I know the brother of
like some of the players like they're
cool people I don't know what happened
like it was just like I said basketball
is a game of emotions emotions were
running high and we just let emotions
get the best of us
it sucks because they're two people and
in basketball it's it's a weird sport
things happen out of nowhere you just
got to deal with it so yeah guys the
fight happened like I said one last time
I'm not either first inside then we're
both of the wrong but I will admit that
the other team started it he should have
never shoved him from the back like that
and then said fu to my teammate Alvin
didn't get up and punch him for no
reason obviously something happened it
was built up there was trash talk to
hold him head I was trash talking to but
like I said a million times it's all
cool we talked after the game it's you
know emotions are a part of the sport
things just got way out of hand we'll
see what happens I'll keep you guys
updated who gets suspended other than
that guys I'm just extremely happy my
team got a good good win against a
really good team we're probably gonna
see them in the playoffs I'm really
upset with what happened there but hey
things have been things are out of our
control I didn't even know what's going
on I just turned around and I saw a
bunch of swinging I saw the ref dive to
the floor I was just watching out for
myself I thought someone was coming up
from behind me so I was like I'm
watching out for myself right now other
than that guys I hope you enjoyed this
video
we finally got a victory for you guys
drop a like if you enjoyed subscribe if
you're new Brandon aka bruh Wallace I'm
out peace
