hey do it watch most of you lay down
just do it just do it just do it come on
vlog footage come on don't lie to my
face as they don't land on me that is
all they do brand name for dear life
when you catch a fish out of water
Anthony and his wedding that's how the
dances are I threw it up which I buzzing
dried up I try just checking
baggage
oh my god that's it yeah it is like the
pieces right there it looks like he's
Usain Bolt getting ready on your marks
get set go on your marks Bosley gets it
gold oh my gosh it really looks like a
chicken leg like a drumstick look here's
the thing and then there's the trims
sorry sorry sorry
back out here Dennis
you've been here for what two weeks now
I brought him to the basketball court
every single day we were here you like
it though right don't lie we're about to
play right now we're waiting for more
people to show up so we could run a game
so you gotta understand Bo it's an
everyday ting everyday basketball
it went from nobody being in the courts
to we actually ended up playing for a
while a Dennis had his best game ever
since he came to San Diego to come play
basketball with me every single day for
a couple hours yo guys I know we
randomly just popped up at these luxury
apartments that is because we didn't
plan any of this none of this is
official you know we didn't talk about
this we just we were just driving by and
we decided yo let's stop by and look at
some of these apartments you know they
look really dope we ended up sitting
with one of the guys that works in the
leasing office and we started talking
for a little bit he gave us some plans
he just gave us some insight on these
brand-new apartments and first and
foremost let me just say that they're
beautiful who looks crazy they have a
three-story Jam right here they have a
bowling alley right in this vicinity
it's you know they're beautiful they're
brand new and they're luxury apartments
so we sat with the guy and he gave us
some really good information and
tomorrow we have a scheduled tour inside
the apartments right now we've only seen
the outside he gave us like a brochure
like a tour plan and everything it was
really intriguing everything that he was
telling us and everything he showed us
online it just sounded perfect for what
I'm looking for and it sounded perfect
for my needs not just mine but mine and
Jackie's and obviously no decision will
be made until we actually look inside
the apartment tomorrow so for right now
it's a maybe I'm not gonna say so yes or
no for sure but what he was saying it
did seem like you know it was everything
that I was looking for and you can't
complain about these apartments they're
brand-new they were built in 2016 their
own
one year old but the apartments that he
said that he would put me in was they're
still being built they're brand-new
nobody has lived in them before I mean
obviously living with my family that's
one of my favorite things about my life
usually people at my age I'm 22 years
old they leave their family but I love
living with my family but my mom and dad
have talked about this with me before
they have told me plenty times that they
know I'm around the age where it might
be time to move out and they've told me
plenty times that if I ever did want to
move out whether it's with myself or me
and Jackie that they fully support it
and they know that the time has come my
mom obviously my mom doesn't want to see
me go she always treats me like her
little baby and my dad you know he loves
me so they don't want me to leave the
house but they've told me a hundred
percent that they know this is the time
that people usually leave and they
support it 100% so I don't know I mean
obviously I can't make a decision this
quick this is the first time I'm
actually seeing these apartments the
first time I'm speaking to anybody that
works here so I'm not gonna stand here
and be like oh I'm moving in tomorrow or
I'm not moving into these 100% we don't
know yet the decision is still up in the
air but I did want to tell you guys
because I like to update you guys on
everything I do in my life and this
might be happening and if it does happen
this would be the biggest decision or
should I say the biggest step that I've
taken in my life moving out by myself or
moving out with Jackie it would be crazy
so I just want to update you guys you
know if it happens it happens if it
doesn't it doesn't but I do know that
tomorrow I'm gonna be getting a tour I
called my mom and dad and they told me
yo take your time make a smart decision
but whatever you do we support you so I
mean that's obviously one of the biggest
things on top of looking for a nice
place you know the most important thing
for me is support from my parents
because if I don't have the support from
my parents I'm not gonna move anywhere
and the fact that they support me if I
do make this decision is huge for me so
I mean look at these guys obviously I
wish I could show you guys the inside
but they're not letting us see the
inside because we came too late so we
have to wait for tomorrow I don't know
this this was so random we were just
driving by and these popped out they
really did one of the most important
things is it's really really close to
where we used to live and everybody
who's been following my channel closely
knows that I love the new house don't
get me wrong I love it 100% it's
beautiful
but I miss where we used to live
obviously we can't live at the old house
anymore due to you know all the
disturbances from these people that
leaked our address and you know I don't
want to call them fans because they're
not real fans but people that came you
know someone smashed the window of my ia
our house was getting egged our house
was getting tp'ed with toilet paper so
you know we had to move we were forced
to move none of us wanted to move we
wish we could move back but obviously we
can't move back it's too dangerous
because of these again I don't want to
call them fans but these haters I guess
so I mean this is still within the same
area so I feel like I'm back home the
new house we're living at I love it it's
nice but I don't feel like I'm at home
right here this feels like home it's
really close to where all my friends
live it's really close to the gym that I
play basketball in every single day for
those who don't know in the new house I
Drive to play basketball 40 minutes away
every single day now this it would be
close it's just I don't know and then
like I said before my parents support me
so now I don't know if Jackie would be
moving in but at the same time Jackie's
house is like five minutes away from me
right here from this place at the new
house that we're living in it's like 30
minutes away so even if Jackie doesn't
move in with me even if she stays with
her family she's only five minutes away
so like it's just way more convenient
for my life now it's like yo this is all
on me I have to make one of the biggest
decisions in my life that I've ever had
to make but I just wanted to let you
guys know that this is a serious option
I don't know I just want to let you guys
know so it's not just some random thing
like I wake up with a camera one random
day yo guys I'm moving out and here we
are no I want to let you guys know I
wanna I want to bring you guys with me
to the steps in case I decide to move
out whether it happens it happens if it
doesn't it doesn't but right now it's
it's a hundred percent serious and
I don't know about moving now and then
I'm just I'm way closer to the gym I
play basketball every single day I'm way
closer to my friends I'm just I'm just
in the area that I grew up in I lived
here for 17 years born and raised in
this area we just moved to a different
area in the new house and I just don't
know if I like it I don't know if that
area is for me I just I don't know I
like this area more this the area that I
grew up in this area born and raised I
lived here for almost 20 years and I
don't know I might be moving back I'll
keep you guys updated with me on this
journey and you guys might be making the
biggest move I've ever made in my life
with me you guys are gonna be right here
with me would you want to move in with
me no I didn't say no I just said I
don't know if you would want to leave
your family so what your honorable
family leaves me with okay so would you
want to move in with me
yeah let's do it okay I swear I would
run out of jail up every day if she okay
Dennis you oughta move in with me can I
just say you guys having Dennis here I
feel like every time I say something he
has to compete with me Jackie's the
third wheel
I wear nice hey at least when you get
run over by this car you're gonna get
run over in style look
she's boarding with me already
okay listen oh ma can I just say bow
these are big parking spots look this is
how you park
Dennis you did a brilliant job oh look
guys even the parking structure is super
nice
everything here is nice I don't know it
feels like I'm falling in love with
Dennis everything that starts with D Dan
is Devin Booker
don't even shut up Dennis shut up yeah
okay Dennis you can trust me
hey no we played so much basketball
today you could fit before basketball
today maybe not but after basketball yes
let's go we'll go through the gym play
some more basketball right now and then
come back and you'll fade trust me let's
go bro hey guys watch this we're gonna
prank Jackie hey Dennis what I'm in you
commanded okay well I'm telling you look
I didn't know what know what I'm gonna
you're good look at that card look I
can't swimming in my swimming so that
cops come to this guy ticket you know
what guys since we're in the area Dennis
please go to the old house please you've
been
I've been doing good Bob I didn't get in
school you're gonna make right I've been
doing good in everything but please okay
yes guys I just want to go see the old
house I miss it soon yeah good oh my
gosh the old house okay first thing I
see is a lizard glad to see that these
are normal size lizards in the new house
we live in the lizards are bigger than
snakes they're huge oh my gosh I miss
you old house I don't have the garage
opener so I can't go inside but I just
want to touch the garage do you miss my
room
you know how much gillip in that room
huh look guys there's still egg stains
all over the house oh my gosh the grass
you know how many pisses me and Brian
I've taken in this grass right here ever
since we were kids
well time to go back guys so me and
Dennis are sharing a grill Dennis why
are you wearing sunglasses oh it's true
Sonny - Sonny and Jackie get your own
grill what kind of Princess Queen Jackie
get your own grill
anything for your shoutout guys we came
to the mall right now I'm looking at all
these dogs they're super cute I don't
want to go through the area my gosh this
one's cute say whoa this guy's been
watching my videos since 500k he's a
huge fan and I already met her before
she was shaking the first time I met her
but now she's gone she's good now like
this one time that looks like Bosley so
maybe to already know everything that
buzzer does which is nothing except you
okay so this dog is pretty much begging
me both you can't come home with me
bothers you oh oh my god you can't come
home with me boss is gonna get mad and
then this dog just smoked 90 blunts he's
hot he's trying to they're trying
to make out when she hula-hoops
she looks beautiful babe try it she
keeps saying she doesn't know how to do
it cuz she never learned when she was a
kid you don't have that Nelson no no
keep going it looks good I swear babe I
know you know how just one more try wait
I wanna try one time I spelled it right
baby you think you're about this well I
never got one okay ready go
we're down by one two seconds left in
the fourth quarter and we I need to make
this free-throw
Oh
swish guys we're at the mall and I just
met Shaq
look shake can I please get a picture oh
my god Shaq diesel oh my gosh but we
just met Shaq he's so nice
he's nice I swear he didn't even say yes
or no but he took the picture yo guys so
I just woke up brand new day I barely
had any sleep because I just kept
thinking about the decision that I was
trying to make and speaking of big
decisions guys my brother just well I
don't even know if this was a hard
decision this was probably an easy
decision with the right looking at it
for the first time right now and Brian
this is crazy guys so my brother in case
you guys don't know just picked up Brian
oh my gosh
this white Lambo brand-new Oh guys this
is so freaking nice red calipers oh my
gosh Brian this is like literally sex II
holy how fast is it Brian look at the
pedal oh this is stained like how fast
it actually goes the Huracan yeah it's
fun do you want to hear it start yeah oh
and the suede whoa this is so nice okay
this is sexy guys Brian this is crazy
you made the right choice go
guys that's crazy Brian was I know Brian
was deciding between the rolls-royce or
the Lambo and I told him I said Brian
listen you have to go the Lambo 100% and
he went the Lambo both this is super
nice Brian look wait I like this this
part is one of my favorites the Lambo
right here at first I thought this was
dirt or like no they said yeah but
everything about this car is super nice
buying this puts my i8 to shame
no Congrats Brian you deserved it guys
for those who haven't like purchased
their own car yet trust me it's like it
just makes you feel like like your hard
work pays off yeah that's crazy it shows
like all your hard work pays off findin
yeah I know it's thanks to you guys no
it is really when I die okay guys so I'm
gonna close out today's video here I
just want to show my brother's car
because that's crazy forget the car I'm
just like super proud of his
accomplishments that's insane
to say that he bought a Lambo at the age
of 20 he just shows that all his hard
work pays off it's crazy you guys see
like the finished product of his videos
you guys just see the video done on
YouTube but you don't see all the hard
work that he actually puts into his
videos the editing the thinking of which
videos to make you know he doesn't have
any editors he doesn't have any teams
that come up with ideas for him he does
it all himself so he deserves this car
he he earned it and it's all thanks to
you guys so thank you guys so much on
behalf of my brother because I know he's
happy anyways guys I mean like I'm super
tired right now because I didn't really
get any sleep I just kept thinking about
okay should I move out should I stay
here what should I do you know I love
this house but this area just it's not
for me like it's so different I don't
know guys well we'll talk more about
that later but later today I have my
tour they're gonna give me a tour
they're gonna show me the inside of the
apartment you know what forget all that
it's too stressful I'm about to go play
some basketball and that's what truly
puts a smile on my face so we're about
to leave
once again Brian Congrats on your new
car guys thank you so much for watching
this video drop a like if you did enjoy
subscribe if you
new and let me know what you guys think
about the apartment I know it's hard
because you haven't seen the inside so
it's obviously hard for you guys to tell
but let me know what you guys think
peace out guys
