I hope he buys this candy nice house if
you ask me it's more businesslike not to
bother you or anything but honey if
you're interested in purchasing some
candies for a really good cause my
friend is sick I'm sorry
never sell any candy
and I told my boss I don't like coming
to this house with a grumpy old man I
don't like coming to this house you know
what I'm ringing the door go listen I'm
gonna kick its ass so um I was just
wondering if you're interested in buying
some candy they're really good it's for
a good cause my friend in the hospital
this is gonna help him very very much
there are only two dollars should you
want to give me the whole thing pump you
have more of them oh you all right oh
yeah all of it we've never sold more
than one bottle
thank you Thanks well sir do you want
change no that's okay
keep the change are you sure yeah if you
have more to bring them on are you sure
there's a one hundred and forty dollars
it's only $2.00 to keep the team to
change man Wow you're awesome grumpy old
man thank yous good can do a hundred and
forty dollars but I love the grumpy old
man oh my god
last one last one right
yeah okay one more this garden and cut
out to open you need to go
you guard me hey I don't want to get my
white desert way the Fletcher
yeah
shit where'd you learn that from here oh
and when you put that shirt on nice
t-shirt
I mean I'm I want it for lug oh please
let me keep this sure fine all right
fine please sit
spinning wool roll over
bugling you're my god I'm here ordering
you never listen to me wrong not even
the simplest things you know ugly I mean
I've had enough it's not even funny
Bosley four years of our relationship
you don't do anything look you know let
me try this one more time say okay shake
give me five okay
and now stink really bug me five Wow
good boy are you shitting my husband is
this really buzzing oh my gosh you are
ugly
oh my god the hell what
hey yo care what is this should I wear
it oh shit what the hell
Brenda what did you just give me
thank you thank you what the way I just
did it I get head okay so today is your
final exam we've been talking about this
for months now I hope you guys are all
ready I hope everybody is studied this
is 99.9 percent of your grade so if
you've done all your homework and pass
all your tests but you don't do it on
this one you're going to fail the class
so I hope you guys are all ready without
further ado follow the way takes books
away it is time to start the test take
one pass it down please don't talk
okay one
thank you mrs. Jackie I'm sure you did
fun as usual oh you know this is this is
an a-plus perfect score thank you you
can leave miss Jackie I'll see you next
weekend huh a plus a plus plus Wow
magnificent work Jacqueline all right
kids
so the exam was yesterday and I'm sure
as some of you may know you did not do
very well on this exam now you're lucky
I'm a nice teacher not even mrs.
Jacqueline you did amazing honey you mr.
Brandon aka was your luck how nice I
will give you one last chance a retake
by yourself
Seth was so easy I swear
Wow
Brannon great job the second time around
him was it what you were wearing did you
wear something differently maybe the
hoodie I don't know but this is a a-plus
just like your good friend Jacqueline
I'm impressed Brandon nice work
you know what eight plus plus come on
man I beat you so bad we'll never want
to play this game again under television
Esther right you suck you're retired
from gaming like eight years ago where
are you son Helaman you saw me
yeah come on you suck I swear you suck
good what are you doing come back with
your trap on my level Mel come back and
play all right always always never be
blind hopefully I swear I hate it I hate
this game
weird thanks God you know what I'm
playing blind right get ready I'm
playing one more match find that we met
all right yeah mechs are law you can't
leave crying like a little girl I'm not
leaving - I'm on the move all right
let's do it
easy win easy money
you think there's a joke rug right you
think this is a joke you think I'm
scared before they'd like me playing
Shack right now he used to be good you
used to be good not more noscope whoa
not bad
Oh your feet
how'd you learn how to play bro you
might want to use this mix on your
friend bro hey thanks bro
you can already go you want this again
bro give me a second oh you need some
time walking I don't know why I feel
like a new man I'm ready they're gonna
feel yeah I'll feel anything again ding
ding ding
hey I know like we don't know each other
that much I just want to tell you that
you're super cute please thank you I was
wondering like you don't have to get me
to want you but if I can get your number
what do you what about your number what
are you doing wait wait what are you
doing much boy hey what are you doing
Brian
what I don't get what you're mad
remember okay guys don't worry I got my
girlfriend back once the camera turned
off
Ian Brian had a little tussle what this
lucky hoodie and this lucky t-shirt
could do for those who don't know by
clicking the link in the description
down below you can get your own hoodie
or get your own t-shirt they are only
available for three more days so if you
want to have the same good luck that I
had with this hoodie or that Brian hat
then go get your own the link will be in
the description down below and they're
not only in black you can get them in
black or white you can get the t-shirt
or the hoodie but remember only on sale
for three more days other than that I
hope you guys enjoyed this video
hey when I meet you guys in person I
want you guys to be rocking this apparel
my personal favorite is the hoodie brian
is the t-shirt that's why I let him
steal Jackie with the t-shirt cuz that's
his favorite
anyways drop a like if you enjoyed we
had a ton of fun making this it was
really really funny subscribe if you are
new other than that wake my love statue
are you Brian this girl peace out
never sell any kid ok guys I'm pretty
sure there's gonna be in the bloopers
section but I don't know where I kicked
up my other sandal Dennis do you see it
anywhere look I found one of my sandals
that I kicked hold on let me see oh it's
right here right here we couldn't find
it anywhere and now I have to clean up
all those rice krispies boom it's my
dad's fault maybe if he bought some
candy the first time I wouldn't have
dumped the bucks
you know he never listens to you I want
to do that right now and now sting okay
I'm gonna treat oh wait let me get the
orange one
wait a minute you're watching this right
now who would manipulate and fill him
Magilla will use me for thumb you know
I'm sure you could be like this no
that's good and then ran in the
background
