what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new extreme real life would
you rather today i am here with my good
friend Dennis pretty acoustic I am here
with Sherman the Worman
my cousin fuck boy Anthony I mean my
football cousin not my cousin fuck what
whatever that could be your name yeah
I'm here with my beautiful girlfriend
Jackie
now the people participating in this
game is just 1 2 & 3
Jackie is just going to be the host and
the reason for that is because she does
not break so bad yesterday so we decided
you know let's just give her a great -
that to participate
yesterday was bad enough from her in
case you guys didn't see the video she
spilled burning hot coffee on me by the
way a solo cup of my son goes burn she
broke up god it was just it was crazy
following the link in the description
down below go check out the crazy prank
and see what Jackie is not participating
in this yeah I don't know if I can marry
grandpa now I realize that any fight
happens and crazy but for those who I've
never seen in real life would you rather
it's pretty much just we take turns
picking random papers from this pot for
example you pick up paper and there's no
good or bad that's the scary thing
they're both back for example we got
would you rather eat Bosley's dog treats
or dog food and then we got would you
rather buy into a raw onion or super hot
peppers there's one pass
so make a bet who do you think is gonna
get into my ham you think you're gonna
get the past Lex what have a host pretty
to you on sir left to ride one day right
young it's all the shorts at always I'm
still going to be the first one okay
just go way way Jackie the host all that
and all
and Fries still be playing with pots and
pans
oh god sorry jack goes out of the camera
frame over there from all the times
you're gonna run to the haunted town
together for all the bunch of
experiences you guys have experienced
gathered let fly and pick for you which
level handy come on let what you want
bracket like we have a special bond how
about rather than a special bond Brian
eats it for ya yeah just think of a
cocoa hub so Brian missing you chosen
all of you who did not dog because
whenever we open the dog treat Bosley
literally get to orgasm when he smells
it oh how many 1 I 2 2 2 good it's okay
what you know to to make crunchy over
years much you're gone just make a mouse
crunch
come on bro what the heck are you late
even oh come on bro what is this man
okay guys so Anthony's turn done so
these are the leg guys we got five more
notes in here please with that the first
one yeah young lil we all have seat row
break in come on blow I thought you were
cool man is away from bro oh yeah
please be pass please me pass raw onion
raw onion raw onion okay at least you
don't beat the ghost pepper I almost
died onion alright and yeah you know
what you think I'm scared oh and right
after this video we're all gonna go
watch the fight I like a huge party with
my cousin so I feel bad for everybody
who's gonna be standing here me for
anybody who's gonna ask me I'm gonna
take money team I just really do smell
shout-out the Quran Floyd son watch my
videos both shout out to you oh my god
you think that fat I'm treating my
government is pulling out pieces of the
dog food
I would rather have one billions of
dollars then the lake is short onions
first of all ok I think a shortage of
onion would read it ok you think doctor
good I look at this bike I'll do a
pepper for free at the end if you do a
dog through that yeah
who said pepper I took on you captain I
just said this is a bigger bike I think
I have a burger and I did it for you
guys a logo I swear it's gum mixed with
onions oh well yeah what were the last
two things in my mouth I do it this is
how you know make sure your girlfriend
loves you after you take a huge bite of
the onion
she has to kiss your tongue all right
that's not pornhub I know which one
Tabasco or soy sauce oh wait a shot left
oh you never finish my lyrics we'll take
anything since you stare there playing
with pots and Tommy already the second
you make your selection Dennis you part
happen off for half well yes you can
mixture I know that's a market Evie
yeah I hate you softly he knows choose
go you don't tell me put it in the cup
Oh
no I like a smell no you will smell this
trust techniques don't know make sure
I'm not missing my books oh yeah
sorry what you want me to do take a
little pussy by uh don't fill it all the
way all the memes about the day I could
have taken Akane as part of the onion
but momma raised me differently mom hey
stop it
not all but try your best if you drink
that no I'd rather get lunchbox then are
you
hey the past is still the plane going
off the past yet let's do it let's go my
lips oh you're looking super hot mom hey
give me kids soccer fields there now
wait damn one way or another babe makes
it give it to share with a verb I said I
was getting in the path we don't get the
past this is getting a hundred three
work cards left look I could pick this
one right Brian took a whole shot at the
basket a whole shot no Anthony big one
so would you rather soggy
Sami fellas do doggy tote saggy kid
sawdust is it what do you got that one
right
sorry can I water your toe yes you can
yeah why do the toes I know why not the
eggs hey guys it's not even totes it's a
bun we don't have killed us both Dennis
let me see your eyes dennis is literally
crying rope oh you know the fork and
knife my hands are clean it's like I
have a girlfriend to touch or anything
guys I've done this before it's
disgusting how they brought this whole
kitchen smells like a mixture of Tabasco
and wonton you if you saw me so much
mouth not all the salty and soft water
and suck
just go just go you're almost there tell
it to the judge
on the bright side you're done you don't
have any more turns you could sit back
and enjoy the last two oh well I'll
never mind about enjoying but you could
sit back for the last two rug rat what
are you up to
it's just like some mischievious
activities are you okay shirt him in
guys never know in this whole kitchen
fried mmm if I'm being honest honest get
this with the soggy bread was ten times
worse than the dog food no okay God so
right now we are nearing the end there's
two turns left two more cards one of
them is a path and then the other one is
you either get slapped in the face by
the two members or you get a rubber band
to the neck by the two members so
there's two more cards I have a 50-50
chance of getting the past keeps
offering money also then we have never
been in my life
how hard is the scab we it's not you
can't slap the shit out of me did I get
to be a bad dish book that's not fair I
got a slap in the face
just for fun babe I'm gonna be the host
all right Davis hopefully it's not the
slap in the face of the rubber band come
on don't look don't look
are we going on without me no look
go out to the Papa Oh Marlo Monroe wait
knowing that I swear that the best was a
joke I'm wrong I made it the best was
enough I swear
listen guys dennis has a very important
choice - we got you can your heart bow
and I'm good one thank you you're
welcome sweetie
all right yeah it's what empty review
rubber-banding look like hey at least
it's a blue rubber band so you're going
out with Scott Delta it hurt then it
will you do that
not one spot we do this how hard is the
slap it's not that like a dude in the
air like this it's a great speak for
yourself anything just do a heart dance
is up to you whatever you want to choose
go this is how I'll do the rubber band
if you pay me with it no I know you do
big day Oh what should I do
swag yeah hey hey when left with your
free slap you make flaperons some life
gives you lemons okay you go first I
need this stretch you can do a soul have
you guys seen great khali WWE or the big
show
I thought you did it wait which the
cheek are you getting him on the right
the ass cheek don't do a heart and not
joking guys nobody's not joking down to
a heart do the big show close guys no
don't go heart if you pick this
punishment we're okay don't turn back
hand Brandon thank you mind I'm getting
back in line
okay buy one get one free no way you're
doing a back hand
no go hard do this stupid hey hey that's
it man Harold boy knows right
look like it hurt yeah that's gonna be
the end of this video
thankfully I got the past I'm gonna hide
but I was lucky to know and bet on Jack
even on Dennis I bet on myself because
you got to stay humble don't even
predict yourself to do it anyways guys
did you look at my tattoo no guys thank
you so much for watching this video drop
a like if you enjoyed right now us
talking is disgusting you got Tabasco
you got raw onions you got soggy clothes
end up with mushroom I'm gonna talk let
me know what you guys thought about this
me on the comment section down below
for what is I'm out chairman I'm Sherman
I'm out Sherman Dennis oh yeah Brandi
hey everyone I'm out
Sherman we're out what's up baby how you
doing the house it's been a long time
since we finished and Dennis is still
talking about throwing up like a mother
throw my play got your letter
well I brushed my teeth I did a tongue
cleaner and everything and I still have
drawn you know like my mouth babe I
don't think this smell is ever gonna go
away here you tell me now on the list
that's faith hey yo Dennis are you good
that is throughout the whole Tabasco
pull up no he said spicy when I throw up
God Brian escaped the real life would
you rather this time Brian will get you
next time he hate all the way until it
started and then he came in
you're dying Binney dennis is dead look
at your face in it I feel bad Deniz used
to love me hey come on boys still love
you hey guys I feel bad hey do you love
me no hey fine no come on man I feel bad
I'm sorry now that came back that was
place again
