with your friend for a long time you
just want to ask them Dennis how was
your day so far oh say what's up to the
wat squad they haven't seen you in a
while you're on camera yeah how's
Minnesota do they have sons jerseys no I
think dennis is the only one happy that
you're not here because then he could
take your job yeah Dennis rubs my
stomach he brings me food everything
that you do for me Dennis is doing no
not everything but like you know
everything but not everything
I wonder who's first in bowling boat
then it's my name's Brandon not butchers
how long do we have to be friends for
you to know that bow how many pins are
you gonna get just get strike strike I'm
gonna guess you got nine you leave one
hanging
oh I was right there what are you gonna
do D Killa do you kill it when you have
your grill but without the grill three
distance
yeah hey let me show you how it's done
Dennis watch
okay you want a spear show your spare
one
okay let you even believe me I don't
even know how I did that I really go hey
put the grills back on we want D killer
or else we're gonna have to change your
name if you don't put the grilled on
this one is for Jackie because I miss
her so much
you know how I like the prank Jackie and
miserable been smelling messing around
with Jackie now this is really for Jeff
hey at least I'm not singing for a long
time so they by the time you come back I
can explain
come on give the brats water strike
please for them there's 2.2 million of
them watching and some change then if
that's so rude boys it's just rude
yeah the spell will count the scale will
do you a nicer person said man spear
spear
hey they'll take that
bye guys even after bowling but this
time Dennis said he's not gonna sing
he's just gonna enjoy and relax back in
the vlog I know you guys haven't seen me
I want to say it's been like a week now
I miss you guys I'm sure some of you are
like really happy about that I know you
were thinking you're gonna get rid of me
and you did it and this lady won't stop
talking I actually am in Minnesota right
now in the airport everybody's looking
at me like I'm weird and crazy my mom
called me this morning and she didn't
want to ruin this for me but she ended
up having to because we had a little
miscommunication so she was basically
planning this huge party and it was
supposed to be a surprise and it's for
my sister Scotty and me because we all
have this birthday in the same like it's
within the same week she didn't know
that I was gonna be here for a full nine
days and she had invited every single
one of my family members from like New
York from like Chicago they all fill out
doggy it looks like me okay back to the
st. so all of our family is gonna be at
our house tomorrow and she needed me to
come home today so she's like please let
me rebook your flight like I need you
home tonight and I was gonna tell Brian
okay me and Brandon have literally been
talking in every single day like on the
phone like twice a day because I'm like
this is so longest that I've gone
without seeing Brandon and I'm like a
baby I miss you like I miss him so much
like really weird when I don't see him
it's bad like I really really miss him
it's almost like you know what maybe I
should tell him that I'm coming tonight
and I'm like honestly you know what I'm
gonna surprise him so babe I'm gonna
come for you and I'm gonna surprise to
you and I'm so excited because I missed
you I missed you so much
at least I'm not seeing it for a long
time so I'm like I can't wait for his
reaction I have to tell his mom because
I had to make sure that he was home
because you know like I don't know what
he does but another so you know not to
be dramatic but to be dramatic I really
could at least I'm not seeing her for a
long time so my nails are all off which
is bugging me and my skin is raking out
so like you guys know my fat ass can't
receive
recessed food and I still buy these but
I'm stopping drinking soda so I bought
this like cold pressed watermelon I hope
it tastes good 60 calories so that's not
bad and I really hope it tastes good
update this is really the best thing
I've ever had in my whole entire life I
swear I'm taking too
for nine days the longest time I've ever
gone without seeing Jackie ever since we
met believe Bosley you miss Jackie yeah
Bobby I miss her too I know
yeah Jackie she went to Minnesota and
she's not gonna be back for so long it's
only been two days well this off to wait
so long so much and they I miss you I've
been talking to her the whole time I'm
messaging her my first message to her I
was miss you with the heart heart oh did
she tell you yeah we miss you Jackie
really the house is not the same without
you 100%
is for Jackie she's only been gone for
two days and I swear to you I was on the
phone with her yesterday saying babe
come back earlier I missed you obviously
I don't think that's gonna happen
because she's there for a job she's
always screaming and singing babe I miss
you come back Jackie drinks treat okay
guys as you can see I landed in San
Diego I'm so happy right now
I finally get to go see Brandon oh wait
up walk throw away his llama actually
just texted me and told me that she left
the door open because my flight ended up
I mean really late it's like past
midnight right now and she's like he's
sleeping already so you're gonna I just
have to wake him up and like yeah it's
no idea honestly you guys I'm really
tired I'll pick it up when I'm near
Brandon's house okay guys we just left I
really hope that doors open
my god I'm so happy
you sleepy
look at the cameras right there yes I
just think he knows that it's like I'm
here are you confused hey what are you
doing hey baby are you tired community
oh okay you guys I'm gonna record in the
morning babe I love you you're like half
asleep so it just go to sleep guys oh my
goodness that's crazy
the reason I'm vlogging in here is
because Jackie fell asleep she's
sleeping but oh my god I don't even know
my reaction was when she walked in
because I was like 99% of sleep but this
is crazy I'm so happy Jackie is actually
back I had no idea I can't wait to go
sleep with her it's been so long like
what what the heck this is
I wasn't expecting me to come back for
so long this is so crazy right now I'm
gonna sleep like a baby I missed her so
much this is crazy that she actually
showed up I'm like just now fully waking
up and realizing that she's actually
here and what the heck this is insane I
don't know I'm so happy I'm about to go
sleep with her for the first time in
almost oh I think we'll talk more to you
guys when she wakes up the funny thing
is when she was trying to record I was
asleep and I wasn't waking up and now
when I'm trying to record she's asleep
and she's not waking up so I think we'll
wait till the morning and we'll talk to
you guys about all this
guys we're both awake at the same time
finally I'm gonna start off by saying
first of all I don't even remember it
last night I don't even remember Jackie
walking into my room I woke up like in
the middle of the night and I see it
first of all I got a heart attack
because I felt someone sleeping next to
me and I seen anyone Jackie and I was
like I was like wait what the heck oh
god I don't even know what's going on
but like okay you can take I don't know
you can say whatever you oh I don't even
know how you're here right now but yeah
you guys I decided to surprise Brandon
so yeah I actually was gonna say I'm
sorry you guys it a lot of things
happened after the flight so when I got
to burn his house it was supposed to be
earlier they did it so Brandon was
sleeping like lay deep in his sleep and
that was like god oh my god anyway I'm
so happy that what jackie was only gone
for four or five days so that was only
supposed to be half of the trip she was
supposed to be gone for nine days I
wasn't expecting it at all usually when
there's a surprise I'll tell you guys
like oh I kind of saw it coming but this
time I had no idea that she was coming
apparently my mom knew she yes she told
me she told my mom and like just I don't
know like this is crazy to me but I woke
up she was here and now I don't know I
thought I was she said I was
sleepwalking and like sweet talking so I
can't wait and she said that she filmed
it so I can't wait to see it in the
editing program when do you want to edit
this video - because you know it's so
funny no Jackie wait edit for me but I
don't trust her editing teach me I swear
it you know what can't wait to go to the
gym look I'd hear my shorts on my bass
well shirt on and my restarts to play
basketball but anyways guys I was just
gonna make a vlog I'm sure you saw in
the beginning of this video when I was
bowling with Dennis and we like I was
just gonna make a regular vlog but
apparently Jackie said that she filmed
for me when she was at the airport and
um
oh wait and you said when I facetimed
you out you were at the airport
yeah FaceTime Jackie earlier and like I
was just talking to her normals like Oh
how's Minnesota how live Oliver and when
I was facetiming her she was in the
airport and I had no idea she was like
back against the wall put that part in
the way and you guys at first when I was
recording I was in the place where you
could see planes and stuff so I
literally went to this place out on the
floor and I'm like clear the background
so it's just me I don't know this was
supposed to be just another regular vlog
but it turns out Jack said she fell for
me at the airport and now she says she
fell mile sleepwalking or sleep talking
ami will remember anything from the
night but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
Jackie is back she's back in the vlog
she's back into my life she is she's
alive drop a like if you enjoyed this
video this little surprised that I was
supposed to wake up and I don't know I
don't even know what happened I just I
wish the camera was rolling when I woke
up in the middle of the night and I saw
you next to me I got so scared
but please subscribe if you're new drop
a like if you enjoyed other than that
Brandon aka everyone is I'm out hi guys
oh no please don't tell me you talked a
lot in the intro words you learned from
me no but listen because I don't really
know like how to start it like what
should I say you guys Jackie Katie JP
look guys I come home and I see half of
Bob Lee's doghouse right you guys built
Bosley a dog home yes
well nice to see that they used my
signed Amar'e Stoudemire framed Jersey
as the top of Bosley's dog home thank
you very much I'm glad you got to put
you know that's a dozen say this is only
half of the house guys if you want to
see the full built house then go check
the video out on my mom's channel mama
rug and I want to see cuz when I came
home it was only halfway so I want to
see the video to see how big it was but
ya glad to see that they put some use to
my signed Amar'e Sodom iron the frame
Jersey
