he doesn't wake up Dennis Dennis it's
basketball time we'll go play basketball
okay guys so Dennis finally woke up
we're at the gym right now we're about
to play some basketball Dennis doesn't
think it's a good idea cuz I got a game
later tonight but I always say I don't
care I love basketball go so low I love
basketball too much I'll play in the
morning I'll play in the afternoon I'll
plan night so right now we're about to
meet up with some of our friends Romel
Ali's play some basketball and then
later on tonight I have a game are you
going to support
hey Jackie is a here so you have to do
go babe you have to do it yourself and
you have to wear a cheerleader and bring
pom-poms and everything really yeah well
you have to oh oh I got a question I got
a question are we winning our game
tonight now he watched the ball
he's shooting I'll bet my whole life
savings in shooting this ball I told you
Danny all these shooting is 100% they
have game point
when the cameras on the jobs go in you
know when the brothel last spot is
watching you know what we do it I said
once when the camera turned on I'm
betting my life savings you're taking
this off every time
that's a vision you got to have it's not
my legs but store before we got the gym
imagine now and you got a game today and
I got a game later before me and only
were on the same team you know we lost a
couple games in there we got on the same
team we won all the games I think was
three in a row yeah so all the games we
played together reunited with a common
goal the goal and just to be undefeated
and my beard is too patchy but we need
to get it like all these yeah well it
takes a lot of years of hard work and
you know stress being a true Afghan
married divorced eight times you know
okay guys so we came down to eat right
now after we played some basketball I
gotta get my video up so shout out to
Dennis I'm using his hot spot
now to get your videos done one way or
another come here just because God's
Dennis's camera shy he's only been in
like 200 videos on my channel
okay stay stay you want to be lazy
though it's bad enough you're lazy in
the morning before the gym not did
midday okay guys so we're back from the
gym you know we're relaxed were arrested
I don't know about Dennis he still wants
to go to sleep I'm relaxed I'm rested it
is time to go play our real gift what I
played out the gym was just I don't know
some extra basketball whatever a lot of
people say I'm stupid because I play
basketball on the day of my game but I
don't care I love the sport so I just
play a lot of it anyways for those who
didn't get a chance to watch our
basketball game last week we actually
ended up losing and that was our first
loss of the season so we are now five
wins and one loss it sucks
I was super upset with myself I wasn't
mad at my teammates I was upset with
myself because I feel like I played a
very very bad game and I feel like we
could've won if I played better so I was
really upset with myself I made a
promise to myself that we would go
undefeated this season we would go ten
and oh and I had never done that before
in my life so the fact that we started
five or no we were halfway there halfway
to being undefeated but then we lost
that game last week it's like mmm it's
like a kick in the back you know it
sucked but anyways I had two goals I had
two promises to myself I wanted my team
to win the championship and I promised
myself this season we would win the
championship and that one was the more
important promise Dennis what would you
rather be would you rather be undefeated
in the regular season and then lose in
the playoffs or would you rather have an
okay regular season and win the
championship
I'll take the championship all day I
want to win the championship really
really bad anyways the team we're
playing today is actually they're really
tough I think they're like top three or
top four so they're a good team it's not
gonna be easy my body I don't care I
don't care how sore I feel I don't care
how much I played in under your bro once
we get on the basketball court it's just
basketball so no excuses we don't want
to losses in a row one boss was bad
enough
Faye's rogue yellow so man out of
questions serious question you're gonna
lose tonight hey take the negative
energy away from me we're gonna win for
sure like we have to bounce back from
our lost last puzzle I'm saying we don't
want to losses in the room okay oh god
this game a hundred percent is for
Jackie she's only been gone for two days
and I swear to you I was on the phone
with her yesterday saying babe come back
earlier I miss you obviously I don't
think that's gonna happen because she's
there for a job but we were both like
missing each other so much Jackie
supports me 100% my basketball games she
cheers for me she yells she films the
games
she's always screaming and saying so for
today we got a Jackie replacement dennis
is gonna be filming the game Dennis
thank you
shoutout to you oh you want to stretch
me out too you could stretch me out but
what happens after the camera turns off
that Jackie usually does I don't think
you could do for me but you could do the
stretching that happens on camera I'll
forget it you should oh you want to do
the second point I find Dennis I got a
question for you I asked people do you
think we're gonna win or lose and then I
asked them how many points do you think
me and my brother are going to score
well today Dennis after we lost last
week I don't care how many points I
score I don't care how many points my
brother scores I don't care about
anything else except getting the win
that's all I care about just win the
game even if I have zero points and we
wait I don't care so Dennis don't even
predict how many points you think me or
my brother are gonna have just tell me
do you think we're gonna win or lose
when so I hope we get the win that's all
that matters today yeah babe I miss you
come back Jackie straight straight
straight
one more stretch bro you don't know the
Jackie routine hey I wanna see though I
appreciate Dennis he's doing his best to
be Jackie Dennis I think you need umbra
here Dennis no pressure well you heard
the camera Oh Brian you think there's
bad I played for like three hours at the
gym earlier Dennis trash
he misses this you can't go I'm not used
to camera
God look at the shorts Brian's wearing
the Givenchy he's wearing those to the
game I thought he was joking when he
look at Bosley Brian Bosma it's been
like that for an hour
Bosley bro he looks like Michael Myers I
swear probably look at him
what Bosley but yeah guys Brian's rings
your vonti shorts listen Brian why you
could are they oh yeah the swimming
shirt so not only are they Jumanji
designer but they're swimming shorts
he's waiting for the game I can't
believe it just in case that's how this
video can't believe you wore this to the
game I'll say I can't believe he's
wearing these to the game is gonna be
all my shots in the game okay
yella Bubba one more yeah yeah one more
go whoa whoa
it's the Givenchy shorts Oh in case I
title it he really wore this to the game
Bryant are you really wore those to the
game okay Wow Brian guys not only is he
playing in those shorts but he's
weighing those shoes go I'm just joking
he's not really playing in those shorts
I mean no shoes hey come on Bo
there you go I really don't know how
branding is playing on after all that
basketball
oh my god
Brendan's a mad right now
I need a Brandon to score so I can say
go babe they're playing Brandon
full-court press before the game they
even said they're gonna be playing him
hard
he's not leaving him alone
trait I'll put his foot in front of him
Oh
Brannen so mad right now and I don't
blame I don't know what these wraps are
doing
there it go
let's go he's trying to look for someone
that has - no one's open there we go
there we go
Pass
39:24
tonight even Linton letting Brandon
moves since the beaten before the game
started they said they were pressing
full-court and stuff
there we go
would claim
there we go
oh my god
stand of it 61 41 Ryan killed us
barbecue chicken though you barbecue
chicken all of us go home Ryan hey if we
play you guys in the playoffs I might
expect you to have a sick day
a day off thank you now I'll give you a
shout-out don't worry about it just take
that day off in the playoffs you'll be
straight by the way guys on the inside
I'm really really upset and I'm you know
I'm super sad that we lost but I'm
trying to get better at you know not
showing it after we lose basketball game
so look at this smile it's completely
fake but you know I'm trying my best not
to show how upset I am
we lost fair and square no excuses that
dude ate us up he killed us in the pain
from outside that's not new I played
with him at the gym all the time so when
I saw him on the other team I went into
my teammates and I was like yo this is
going to be a battle this dude is really
really good so we're gonna need to watch
out for him and he just killed us I'm
not gonna lie like he had 30 points and
his team had 60 so he scored half of his
team's points and even the points that
he didn't score even the points that all
his other teammates scored he had
something to do with it he was involved
in every single play whether it was
passing rebounding we played a really
bad game I played very very bad myself
I only took four shots I played like
shades of the dude who was guarding me
he was full court pressing me from
minute one to minute forty the whole
entire game he was stuck to me like glue
from foot for full court I only took
four shots so you know none of us play
two ha none of us played two well we're
gonna have to bounce back we just lost
two games in a row so now we have five
wins and two losses I mean that's still
not terrible but at the same time we
don't like to lose these games hats off
to the other team they played a really
really good game we struggled we got to
bounce back we got to play better next
week we got to get a win we don't want
to lose three in a row I don't even know
what to say I just played so much like
shit that I feel like even if I
apologize to my teammates like not even
enough so I just got to bounce back play
better next week and other than that
guys I hope you enjoyed watching this
video if you didn't enjoy watching us
fluid I hope you at least enjoyed
watching the other dude put on a show 30
points in a league game that's that's
something big subscribe if you are new
other than that guys thank you so much
for watching this video peace
peace guys
