yo guys so Anthony's the 80s he's doing
the throwing knife on the water balloons
and look okay Bosley of course takes a
 right here because he ruined
everybody's fun looking at the devil
okay
Bosley why'd you do that and then all I
seen what is this so someone stepped in
it in a mean way I check mine okay
eh Oh shaggy it wasn't me Anthony
it was it I'm good with the easy the
easy though the easy all the pirate
black to a shout out loudly boom whoa
Anthony is growing the types so hard
it's like he wants to kill the dog that
lives right there Anthony late now no
Anthony you will defy Dennis I don't
trust them
don't pop it in my head that I don't
enjoy you're gonna pop it imma throw it
directly Tommy not like this no just
holding your hand Dennis careful both oh
my gosh
hey shout-out to Brian every time he
does a crazy video after he uploads it
we play with all the left open Anthony
when my dad watches this video he's
gonna kill you for ruining all social I
love when Ron run sorry I'm so I'm
cleaning dad I'll take care of this I
think not only is it on the bottom but
look yeah we bo-buds meaning I should
explain
hey just throw it in the pool let it
soak for about 20 minutes and take it
out just joking
mission accomplished he got balls with
poop off the easies they're all today
those are fake anyway they doesn't
matter yeah I'm just joking guys and
sneaker heads are going to be going
crazy oh my gosh not so easy
shout out kite Omar he probably going to
cringe when he saw you step in the poop
Jackie is rude babe wait can I show them
the video uh Jackie not the class night
she hit me with her tongue really hard
the one in my back no Anthony she didn't
kiss me she hit me with her tongue so
this one's normal babe this one you hit
me a little harder the tongue this one I
don't know what got into you got
possessed after the party I mean we
ain't that's some little kid we're
too mature for this breath ah Anthony
please don't bring your wolf out please
don't bring the wolf out I thought that
was clear vote with Jackie yeah Anthony
no no where is he where these guys in
case you don't know I'm scared of
Anthony's wild animals they think it's a
dog no this is not a dog he's wild
Anthony where's here I thought till he's
there don't want to soon I think if you
just act like you're the bigger man than
him then he won't have he's always
really here Anthony don't hype them up
you oh my god come in crevo sit sit sit
oh no he's excited for your information
the last time I was here we saw Cuervo
kill a rat and they don't make him mad
give him a damn toy please oh my gosh
back at all
oh yeah Anthony I wanted to speak look
there's my favorite thing to do Cuervo
great ah sit sit
oh my god he almost ripped my crevice
speak oh this is scarier than working
with lions at a circus oh my god someone
called the zoo someone call animal
control and tell them they have a wild
animal on the loose say God is my fake
okay well that didn't work
speak Cuervo hey what oh sorry time I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna do anything
Anthony why does this water bowl look
like a swimming pool Cuervo yeah quavo
wrap it up then
Anthony my only dream is for me to tell
him to speak and he does it
Cuervo sit okay okay okay okay okay
crab oh sit sit go just before we leave
one time I just want a sequel speak
hello are you Dumbo speak speak
clever speak Anthony you lied you said
you knew how to talk clever I don't even
care what language you speak both speak
clever say it now don't make him feel in
danger he's gonna attack well the dog is
crazy no I know how to make him listen
you need to play his rapper Kwai Bo hey
hey no he just has to hear quavo because
that's his name
hey I have to be careful not to do the
Bahama dog growth part or also go crazy
color hears roof
hey it's you quavo now he'll listen look
look speak Oh speak I know
but getting used to speak no maybe it's
because you guys bother him let me come
here alone Hey
call 911 if you don't hear from him
don't wait you know I'm not touching
anywhere quibble listen I don't want to
play don't pick up a toy I want you to
do one thing I told you don't talk now
he's not gonna do it
Cuervo I came to this house with one
mission speak no bow don't pick about to
say quibble do you have a brain Chanel
he finished his whole swimming pool of
water just like LeBron James went back
to Cleveland with one mission in mind to
win a championship and he did it I came
here to get credit to speak and I'm
gonna do it
Cuervo wait I'm gonna be on untamed and
uncuffed for getting attacked by a wild
animal Oh pshh no crevel sit speak speak
good boy good boy she not open the door
open the door get out get out fight
Chanel are you okay you'll see you'll
see
stop being hungry now gosh you know this
understand she set up the hickeys on
your neck
she know they're not Hickey Jackie hit
me with her tongue so hard two times
all I don't understand with all this new
generation they call them hickeys
Jackie's about to leave unless she's
wearing my merch to the airports at
least you did self promote for me I
guess we'll come to say bye wait before
you go who's the best team in NBA and
who's the best player to ever so slow
and I smell good doesn't book here damn
you such a bioscan okay guys so it's
time to go to the gym right now and I
warned Dennis before we went to sleep I
said both we need to go play basketball
early in the morning unless he doesn't
wake up Dennis Dennis he doesn't wake up
he's literally a grizzly bear
Dennis it's time to go to a gym Dennis
broke its basketball top hey last night
this one's Dennis oh we're gonna go play
basketball yes I can't wait now okay
five minutes go to sleep five minutes
and this will go play basketball five
okay ten minutes there ten minutes we'll
go play basketball we finally got him to
wake up it is gym time look I got these
brochures guys you know Legoland San
Diego Zoo all these fun things to do in
San Diego instead we're going to go play
basketball
you
Oh
Oh
but we played so much too much hey
someone we just left he played so much
he said I think I'm done for the whole
week he's not coming back the whole week
I'll be here tomorrow but but imagine if
you live here you would be so sore every
day every day yeah you guys already know
you know some people go on vacation like
Dennis's are on vacation and some people
take them to Disneyland or you know
somewhere somewhere you know normal I
take him to come play basketball that's
me you already know me but we played
good we played a lot we won a lot of
games and now it's time to go finish my
video yo guys look I'm dedicated to this
YouTube thing we're driving and we're
not going to get home for a while but I
need to upload my video so you got to
get the hot spot on and when did I
finish editing this on the way to the
gym huh so I edited on the way to the
gym in the car that's why I didn't show
up and then now on the way back
uploading it grind don't stop you got to
get it out there one way or another
please don't be long upload always comes
from the hot spot let's see it we don't
belong to these don't be just oh no okay
keep going down keep going down keep
going down oh no guys other youtubers is
your worst nightmare when you wait to
see how long to upload sweet oh my god
it jumped up guys one who saw my mom
through the window he's crying
who's that Bosley who's there
oh no don't cry here I'll open the door
so go get it go okay
bah bah I had to get my camera got my
mom my mom shot the bad things on my
neck mom was it it was a vanilla since
Maya
it is Miami's idiot as far as I thought
I go stupid again and I start thinking
like when did this happen Jackie's not
yet oh well Jackie's birthday I do that
that's what I'm thinking I haven't seen
you for two days
you have to do how about what the heck
should acting normal or something on
your parents mom let me just say no was
a one-time thing
for Jackie's birthday do you know what
at one time team is what for the car she
should give you more than happy I got
Jackie a good gift so she got me a gift
bag mom listen let me just say first of
all I thought you were being normal and
all night after I came close to you now
you'd slap me so I have taken here and
then slap mark here now okay Jackie
you're so lucky Jackie that you're in
Minnesota right now and you don't have
to deal okay what if Jackie was here you
know
Oh Jackie issue I would pull her here
I was gonna say physician centers every
night oh yeah he wasn't in any pain mom
please no no but honestly a lot of
people think he'll a hickey but it's
it's not a vacuum
no she just pressed what she hit me with
her tongue like we gotta organize she
did like that she if I do this to dad
when he anything maybe I don't know
the whole time I came tonight guys I
walked in my mom's room to ask her if
she wanted anything cuz I'm going to the
mall with Dennis and the first thing she
sees you in lumisi when is your neck mom
honestly they're going away couple of
days okay guys this last little message
is for Jackie for those who don't know
Jackie went with her babysitting family
to Minnesota
and I miss her it's only been two days
she's leaving for nine days it's only
been two days and I miss her so much
and they I missed you I've been talking
to her
time thank you for the shout out with
your birthday so Jackie you gonna get
your when I come back
but listen did she tell you I've been
missing messaging her my first message
to her I would miss you with the heart
heart oh did she tell you no but I'm
just guessing cuz you went like this
yeah and I like to do emoji thing yeah
we miss you Jackie oh really the house
is not the same without you and thanks
for these for my son and now let me tell
you something Jackie because you've
written me enough on this side this is
where I read Because oh okay okay okay I
understand my dear it was her birthday
what Shane oh yeah yeah the way that
would be a good time they won't come
back not that hot just first thumbnail
Oh jacket fall okay mom wait I said but
just for thumbnail it was just for
Jackie's birthday no more you get mom
you know me you know me I do like the
bad things every single day you never
see me walk out with this I do it I mean
I do it clean know when you can to talk
to me tell me something and I look I go
you know guys it was just for Jackie's
birthday things got a little out of hand
but I'll mom - yes sir we could read
anyway guys Jackie I miss her so much I
can't wait for her to come back mom this
won't happen again until like two more
days or whatever soon okay you want to
get hit my god
okay guys so I'm out here on the balcony
editing my video because dennis is still
asleep this is day two of this happening
I tell him wake up early so we can go
play basketball he gets all excited oh
yeah let's go man I wake up and he's
dated asleep so I'm editing outside so I
don't wake him up but it's time to go
play basketball so Damien
ah and it's a sketball time vote doesn't
week tennis Danis community okay guys 30
minutes later I've tried to wake him up
multiple times he still won't wake up so
I don't know what I'm gonna do about him
but for anybody wondering why I'm
sleeping in Dennis's hotel and not my
house well first of all someone found me
blogging in the parking lot so I'm just
gonna be actually in a while no cameras
Walter so first of all dennis is way too
stubborn he won't sleep at my house he
said he thinks it's disrespectful or
rude and I said well you're my friend
you're one of my best friends just come
over you could spend the night in one of
the rooms you don't need to spend money
on a hotel my mom even begs him to stay
she's like Dennis you could stay at the
house but Dennis's what he thinks it's
rude I don't know why but the reason I'm
here is because me I'm used to sleeping
with Jackie every single night you know
as Drake would say I hate sleeping alone
so now that Jackie's gone dennis is
pretty much my Jackie - some of the
things that I can't do with Dennis and I
do with Jackie but other than that you
know obviously we don't sleep on the
same bed but it's just the presence you
know I just imagine Jackie's in the same
room but now I'm just joking guys
because I don't want to leave Dennis by
himself and he refuses to sleep on my
house so I accompanied him in the hotel
room because I wanted to be by himself
he's on vacation he came over here to
see me so Dennis Gumba it's time to wake
up and go to the gym to play basketball
oh he's moving moving moving I'll take
it that's progress I haven't even seen
him move in two hours so I'll take it
