Anthony Bo okay guys so I'm seeing
Jackie for the last time now hey this is
what used to bribe me with a LeBron hat
we went to Cleveland for the final you
are there I understand but come on I
know your ID book we need you to have a
hat Hey honestly though I don't hate
LaVon so you can wear the hat yeah this
is super sad right now my last time
seeing Jackie we will explain why later
on in this video but for now we are
going to a dinner a farewell dinner
breasts bye bye bye bye bye are you
gonna miss Jackie a lot is over I feel
bad hi I'm gonna go after mom she shows
up I thought she would come in a son
town or a sons ready for the last time
I'm fingers not left me Devin Booker how
long I live yeah D book SEP your hat
game up guys I don't know if they think
this is a wrestling ring or if it's my
bed oh hey someone do the SU the SU the
John Cena 100 do the pedigree do the
Triple H pedigree come on come on yeah
he puts his head in there should go out
there any pool oh do they do the job hey
that's edge spear the fu oh now pinning
finish one shoe oh hey let me tell you
this has to be a pay-per-view because if
things go up after a special move in
with pay-per-view but but on a regular
show when they did a special move they
just lost it was a regular yeah I had a
lot of WWWE time back in my day we got
edge
Undertaker Shawn Michaels Triple H John
Cena Rey Mysterio taunted taker to
tombstone
oh yeah I'm serious in a pay-per-view
you do the most hard special move and
they pin up in a regular circular
session when they die in the ring
everybody sit here I have an idea nobody
move okay I'm not gonna come out naked
you wish
Jackie wish it so that's one it's
majority vote to else which is I come
out naked oh damn
I have an idea okay guys so we're going
out to eat for the Last Supper for
Jackie and look I'm going to make all of
them wear for what is a pure look okay I
open the door and look nobody's here
yeah hold on I'm not dumb oh I try to
embarrass boys interested that's great
they're weld you guys ruin the surprise
but anyways we're all waiting for Waters
apparel to go eat hey for those who
don't know you could get your bro audit
apparel the link is in the description
down below okay you get out everyone get
out babe what are you doing Oh Lexi's
LeBrons head popped up what did you say
hey shout out mama rug okay guys I guess
dennis is those type of people where if
he wants something he's going to get
something he wanted to go under the desk
he got under the desk
boy you're alive Dennis well let me see
you try to get out there session
processes on this is this the warming
the first nice jacketdave just a woman's
one hey the t-shirt let me see the back
Anthony hey you can get your link in the
description down below if I liked your
how to give it to you for free homie
just don't something you get the home
and disc I'll give you one percent off
maybe yo guys they're single promotion
and then there's double promotion turn
around and then we got the Frog hey the
link is in the description you still
learning guys let him go what guy I saw
Dennis walk down the stairs wiping his
sweat yet it's already sweating
Bosley we're doing a modeling show right
now you can go next hold on there's
music over this I can never ever find
the right words there's no way this is
real life
there's no none of your the right girl
so I can only say balls turn
come here Bosley tree come fuzzy
come here we're gonna go outside okay
Bosley damn Jackie's feeling generous
for her last day she's repping both
merch
first it was the hoodie and now the
t-shirt same color t-shirt literally
same color t-shirt black black black
Dennis let's see Anthony let's see
Anthony black same color t-shirt let's
see Bosley
unless you got eaten by the Coyotes oh
no he's right there oh yeah of course
what do you want me to say no no
honestly though I'm going to miss Jackie
alright alright Brandon I remember when
when you used to kiss me like that
Anthony doesn't wait what do they call
it when you're fans on the relationship
like oh wait dip I ship okay people say
I ship rocky Brandon a Jackie
I hope Brackett falls off a ship Anthony
and drowned and doesn't come back and
then adieu shit right if you support the
relationship stop I know I should benjin
I'm deleting this photo Brendan I ship
denden used to smack my ass like that
yeah Anthony does not ship Bragi guys I
never know what that meant Jackie's new
baby it's actually 32k not 30k so you
got to change that
I like how you kept the riding on I love
you hey shout out to everybody they were
commenting thing I have really good
penmanship thank you guys
it's good handwriting yeah right for a
guy I actually have good handwriting 21
21 21
the one thing I'm surprised you didn't
put it on the car I did put Devin Booker
no well what is it walking really so
Amelia oh boo boo boo here we hit the
road so the rollio
who waited you want me to put that you
think there's enough room to write the
whole lyrics but the whole song I like
LeBron I never said I shit LeBron to a
kid right his whole LeBron James
challenge on here okay what shit I don't
know bow honestly we're probably saying
it wrong I missed this call ready babe I
want it back babe where are the keys
now Anthony I wouldn't go in the back
see if I were you especially not
recently we had to bless the backseat of
the car for Jackie now I say by just
giving it like no no you got to bless it
the right way so go ahead have any go in
the back I want you to go in the back of
Dennis's car because I'm several
Brandon's done I know I haven't done
anything in Genesis car yet babe babe
lips popping three two one
babe how about we'll tell them later
after our dinner why I'm going to miss
you so much and while you're leaving me
know you guys are really sad what oh no
way those were in there for so long
Dennis how long has it been like two
months we walked into Dennis's car and
it was burning hot Anthony would you say
head safe and Cui's in here oh hey
honestly though on the real I shipped
Anthony and Jackie I ship this ship
always never this is a no it's not valid
hey but I should I should I Carnival
Cruise this Anthony
I give me cruise I I got you and after
that it is your Nene hey hey let me get
the Ox six feet on it you just gotta
ignite Oh No I'll change the song I'll
change I'll change it guys they're
taking the Ox away on this song
okay well the he took dog to me but it
was this song
of course you take the Ox on this song
that's like stabbing me not in the leg
button the horror well we've been
addicted to this place for like the past
two weeks we come here so much hey what
did the workers say when I walked in
your back again she's like oh my god
you're here again
it's so good I might add you know how to
cook your food I got my chef with me
here
we're dollars raised a little bit of
that number I ate it Hey our team is
winning manager can happen if you look
at this he brought a lion you know live
on we have team work
he has level yeah teamwork priggishness
man they don't know what they're doing
when I come here without Jackie I always
get food was because I don't know when
the food is toast but Jackie right here
I know she lets me know when the food is
ready to when I should eat it when
actually take it off the grill and I
don't get big
look at this teamwork hey yo Dennis
round two let's go hey what should we
get brisket and come on let's go
look it they're they're feuding that I'm
enjoying what was eating once cooking
they don't even know to put on the grill
can't be like them
pity that the Anthony's cooked me that's
not good for you both no Anthony I saw
you I saw them put something in the
dreams do you think I'm blind what did
you guys do I saw you guys reach over
and get a what did you guys do in
meeting my mom no you were
was it - my dream gardener
Anthony is it my finger Denis if it's
nemesis
okay I'll push Eve go go go go Mike okay
I'll distract them go
I'm Kevin Durant they think were stupid
on because they're trying to do
something to my drink I don't know I
don't like to keep going
okay what should we prepare five
separately big annotation yeah we went
broke you got a species in this save the
right on defense just put the ring on so
you know under Thunder ha ha
- ha
and what if you wash their cars below
the crossbar you're gonna be like what
do you guys do to the grill tonight
hey Denny bro I love them I do about it
sorry I switched up sorry Dennis you
know he is off now we got back there
they're getting him a new layer you have
my pepper you like pepper
I want me hey yeah that's messed up if
you're gonna personally put some pepper
keep a balance even how you feel it when
is enough enter to salvage because I so
takes it it pays the switch side and be
on their team look my great they didn't
do anything come on
he actually campaign sorry dance I had
to sacrifice buddy Gatling got denison
mad because his fruit is taking two
wants to come out we all got ours
it's okay Bo come on give them a minute
x NE please look a mile over your boss
even if s with Anthony's help Anthony
I'm gonna come in the back man - why you
look like bum today
dennis is begging for the fast way to
have anything else I can get rid of him
Don come on
thank God I found Jackie thought I'm
saying all the other knee every day oh
my god Dennis I feel bad for your boss
I'm done joking I love Anthony I love
short of it I'm just gonna die you're
gonna be bi Brandon's out aarhus would
not want to cheat to my hotel
- oh hey I'm gonna go in the back end
all right all right then right yes that
way which way it is that way why before
I get your house I'm getting up the car
you'll see are these cars going right Bo
if Anthony does have a tendency of
making people go crazy
yeah girls oh ma but jokers Angela wait
let me just play the fucking part in
Spanish no no no no you get him in there
it's a bit of a journal is it I never
turn my back port into front of a church
is in front of Judge
table all this is Church then Hades
where we had a communion Anthony Paul
Anthony remember we used to go to church
school here I swear these where had my
truth school bathroom where's your help
Anthony was your house god I fell when I
was younger and I my communion my Holy
Communion at that church and I went to
church school me and Brian for so long
and what's called us it was called CCD
okay guys as promised earlier in this
video first of all I'm gonna hate doing
this part because I want to miss my
girlfriend but earlier this video we
told you that we're going to explain why
this was Jackie's last day here I'm just
going to say Jackie worked as a
babysitter she's a nanny
usually should work just like down the
three she works right here but the
family that she's a babysitter for is
going to Minnesota for nine days and
they asked Jackie to go with her and at
first you know we were talking about it
and I didn't want her to go I really did
not wanted to go she's never been away
from me for this long but at the same
time it's work it's for her job and
Jackie like she doesn't live off other
people's money she makes her own when
she spends her own money so if it's a
job opportunity then we talked about it
and she's gonna take it so she's going
to Minnesota with the family that she
babysits literally wha I'm gonna miss
that in so much I've never gone on that
trip without him we've never been away
from each other for eight days I've
never liked fishing when he left me for
yourself now wasn't eight days some of
that 700 a giant roll
I'm gonna miss Jackie she's gonna miss
me I was hope but at the same time it's
for work acknowledge was just leaving
for no reason it's forward so I respect
you I support it you know I support
Jackie just like she supports me with my
youtube career I support her with
whatever she does so if it's a chance
for her to go it's a job opportunity to
make more money than I support her I
don't want her to go I'm going to miss
her but she has to do is forward so I
support her holding side I keep telling
him I'm like a late one and back out
last I can't bother him is branding a
lot like I don't get to see him period
anyway guys um so yeah she's going but
the good part about this is that we've
never been to Minnesota together usually
everywhere we go around the world or
stay around the United States we haven't
traveled outside there we try to meet as
many supporters of the brought squad as
we could as much as possible and we've
never victim Minnesota before so the on
the bright side she gets to meet a lot
of you guys so um yeah sorry guys I know
you guys wandering in them know they
like you to like me so I'm taking her
down this is going to suck but I just
had to tell you guys because I don't
want you guys to be wandering all weird
Jackie where did she go for the next
nine days or everything you guys making
up crazy stories when I'm yeah every
time she's on my videos for even like
one or two days oh my god they broke up
oh my god he cheated on her she cheated
on so so it's better for me to just
playing while she was doing I'm gonna
miss her but she has to do it Amy I'm
going to miss you too
thank you guys so much for watching on
my video - literally
anyways the longest time I'm ever going
without seeing Jackie ever since we met
other than that I hope you guys enjoyed
this video drop a like if you did
subscribe if you're new other than that
peace out guys I love you guys the wall
squab I love you guys so much thank you
for all you to put on my videos today
while I'm doing because nah I was just I
just buy your unit to face it by god
guys I know no money no money can you
order
