what's the high school and now I got
99.1 do you think you're gonna be 99.1
go
oh I scored don't think you beat up high
score three times
ninety nine point two okay then is
Dennis you think you can beat the high
score that break the high score ninety
nine point two
Anthony's stronger than Dennis confirmed
yo yo guys were facetiming the home and
keys right now Katie say what up to the
pod squad
we Minsky's we wanted him to come down
but he got work so he can't be here
right now but we'll link up soon we're
gonna reunite all of us soon geez I went
to go play basketball this morning and
Dennis the lazy ass didn't wake up I
went by myself to play basketball I
texted him okay Marcus actually when he
was there he would play well I tried to
wake Gannett up I texted him 50 times I
said bro wake up wake up
basketball time okay hold on hold on
Marquis right now if you want to make
someone long don't you call them yo guys
really quick you want to know what
comments I see the most on all my social
medias Brandon we always see your family
in your videos we always see Jackie in
your videos when are we going to meet
Jackie's family why are they never in
your vlogs well I have a surprise for
you guys because in today's video me my
family and Jackie's family are all
planning a huge party for Jackie for her
21st birthday so really soon in this
vlog for the first time you will meet
Jackie's mom
Jackie's mom's boyfriend and her brother
and her sister supercool people really
really nice I can't wait for you guys to
meet them and I hope this party is
awesome for my girlfriend it's her
birthday so I hope nothing for the best
for her today and we are waiting right
now we're gonna throw her a birthday
party my friends are coming her friends
are coming her family my family we're
about the birthday party so guys that's
a tarantula Ron be careful yes wait I
want to show it wrong oh my god I've
never seen one in my life I swear walk
pre-mixing enabled yeah he goes no way
look how big that is
we just found a tarantula that is a turn
so if it's not then crucify me I don't
care it's like an octopus he's nice
going although I didn't bring it in that
bring it in we're wrap it up Dame that
way no I want to bring my dad for you
guys to the quarter no no Bosley I know
you want to come out but right now it's
a little dangerous bo you can't be out
right now I know I'm sorry wait hold on
Bosley do not mom it was a freaking
tarantula so my reward trick getting
here the car is massage see I can't even
speak yet like I'm so like in shock
you're like 1 hour massage a day your
arm is gonna fall off by the time you're
26 that's fine guys one of the most
important things to me in a relationship
is my girlfriend's family and I love my
girlfriend's family her mom is super
nice her mom's boyfriend is super nice
her brother her sister they're all here
right now and we're about to the cake
for Jackie yeah I don't even know where
Jackie when I swear I don't know we're
missing Jackie her sister and her
brother have you seen them is that a no
Bobby I'm gonna need you to tell me if
you've seen them please okay I guess
that's no we forgot candles so we're
using this same cake for my birthday no
I I don't know mom do you know where she
is we need to find Jackie her sister and
her brother dad have you seen her Jackie
or her sister or her brother
okay guys okay hold on this is weird I
have no idea where they are we were all
outside just now maybe they're out here
well I have no idea right now where they
are but Jackie's new car guys
Jackie appreciates this so much I swear
she was crying so much but she didn't
want to show it on camera because she
said she's a ugly crier I said babe you
don't look ugly when you cry you look
cute but she didn't want to cry on
camera so she was holding it in as soon
as the camera turned off she started
crying so much but this is Jackie's new
car okay we found we found Nicky we
found Joseph say what up guys we were
looking so she was crying about the car
okay hey you're gonna make her cry more
sob guys
okay let's sing happy birthday
they blow the candles
the ratchet candle it's diving on the
cake how is it it's good I know I know
no no our tradition babe this is our
tradition babe come here
it's Middle Eastern tradition you have
to wipe the fake on ye eyes no one gave
me please Cetaphil needs to go to work
tonight in the I don't bother pool oh
did you get it oh that's nothing come on
that's nothing I'm out I'm out
I'm Aldo you better get Anthony go get
the heat and here wipe this off Anthony
I hate you
I feel like Fetty WAP wipe it off over
wait I'm breaking out so bad what
happened
hey Jay case is about to head out I'll
see you too yeah I'll see you tomorrow
at the gym I know said it Phil I'm gonna
need you to go to work tonight but I'll
get my jacket Brittany I'll burn myself
bro you know I love that girl I mean I
get me a napkin please
whoa Dennis they got me in both my eyes
yeah
just to get away from Ronald trust I'm
blind I have to play basketball tomorrow
morning I'm just joking but let's see
Jackie okay let's see birthday girl
where's birthday girl where is she uh
she's still having Girl Talk I'm not
allowed to go she keeps crying about the
car okay okay
is she still talking about the car I
can't believe you guys you know what I
told her it was just for a video I need
the keys back to me I'm just joking I'm
joking I'm joking I'm joking
it's all
full of the year another one but I can't
see I've taken both my eye that's where
do I still because Anthony or someone
got me the first one
Jessica me or the other one I swear I'm
gonna wash it I have to wash out through
that well shall have to shame if I'm
being the camera woman right now I just
want to say something else well thank
you to shader for those three seconds
yeah a quick second just to say thank
you to Brandon I had no idea anybody
about anything like the party the car
that anything like I had to tell your
mom about the car cuz you were trying to
buy a new car like I am in shock right
now
like I can't tell you guys like put it
in words how happy you're grateful I am
like I'm speechless you know like I
cried in China no this is emotional for
me - nothing Jackie for me - I cried
earlier and I don't think I can cry you
know I'm not crying I'm crying cuz I've
taken both my eyes cuz of Jessica we got
Jackie's brother okay guys this is my
mom's boyfriend Scotty hey shout out to
Scott me I saw get along a bunch cuz
we're both huge sports fans
happy birthday Jackie go Bulls go Bulls
go son what happened to your face we all
got clean city all my weight cake cake
cake cake okay yeah get her
yes someone got Jackie someone got
Jackie this is my future mother-in-law
this is my future wife but you guys
might confuse her for my sister-in-law
because she looks super young
Jackie's a pro you guys both have cake
on you both babe and mother-in-law this
is serious talk you know what I said in
the video I said most importantly my
girlfriend has a nice family a good
family caring family she's flying though
your foreign I know about for you
we all have cake but I have cake in my
nose in my eyes everywhere my face feels
so dry right now but I don't care if
Jackie's birthday song happy okay guys I
just want to stop by really quick and
say that first and foremost I hope you
enjoyed meeting Jackie's family like I
said earlier in this video they're
lovely people they're super funny
they're super chill so I hope you guys
enjoyed meeting her mom her mom's
boyfriend her sister her brother because
they're super cool shout out to them for
coming through to the party because I
wanted to make this birthday for Jackie
her 21st birthday the best one that she
has yet and obviously that wouldn't be
possible for family didn't show up so
shout out to her family and also shout
out to all you guys watching this video
because Jackie last night was she was
going through all of her mentions
Twitter Instagram just everything
because it was her birthday and you guys
showed her so much love so much support
she was literally tearing up she was
crying in bed because she was like these
people don't even know who I am and
they're showing me so much like thank
you guys thank you so much to all you
guys the Baraat squad because you guys
made my girlfriend's birthday better and
if you guys know me you know I'm all
about making my girlfriend happy and
making her have good days and everything
so you guys helped with that a lot and
Jackie really does appreciate it I wish
she was here right now but she had to go
home or else she would have been
thinking you got so much right now but
I'm doing you in her place Jackie says
thank you to all you guys also I want to
take a second for myself and say thank
you guys so much for the support you've
shown on my video yesterday
Jackie's dream car was a 2015 Lexus
is250
s4 and that is what I surprised her with
there were a lot of people hating and
saying oh you
get her a new car you got her you know
your hand-me-down well that was her
dream car that was a car she wanted just
like some people people have their
sights set on a dream car and it's some
random car that was Jackie you know I
could have got her a new Toyota or a
Honda but she attached she liked the
2015 Lexus F Sport and so that's what I
surprised her with you know newest isn't
always the best some people have
different preferences just like me the
Warriors are the best basketball team
bomber Suns fans so so yeah I mean a lot
of people were talking about it doesn't
matter to me as long as she's happy I'm
happy
and she's in love with the car I'm all
and also like I said man one of the
biggest factors in me surprising her
with the car was not only to make her
happy but it was also to make her
brother happy and he thanked me a lot
obviously because that was a big deal to
him
he didn't have a car and he was working
full time and he also goes to school so
that obviously is tough you know if
you're working a bunch of hours and
going to school and you don't have a car
to get you place in place it obviously
makes everything tougher so what
happened when I got Jackie the Lexus she
was then able to give her old car to her
brother so not only did Jackie get a new
car but now her brother has a car too so
it worked out perfectly
her family was super thankful and I
couldn't have done it to a better girl
you know I couldn't have done this for a
better family I have no regrets
I had no second thoughts I'm really
happy with my decision and him and it
makes me really happy to see her and her
family this happy so thank you guys so
much for the support you showed on
yesterday's video and for those
wondering Jackie's really really happy
with the car she's driving it all around
the block today she woke up the first
thing she did where are my keys I want
to drive my new car she didn't even go
anywhere she was just driving around the
block and I'm like go have fun do your
thing but yeah guys that's gonna close
out today's video I really do hope you
guys enjoyed I hope you guys liked
meeting Jackie's family no not like I
hope you guys loved meeting Jackie's
family for the first time hopefully we
can get them in more videos uh maybe
some pranks but uh I don't know we'll
see about that
anyways got drop a like if you enjoyed
drop a like for Jackie's 21st birthday
babe happy birthday once again I love
you and subscribe if you're new other
than that I am out peace out guys I'm
about to do for Jackie in this video
because no this is not clickbait it's
not some fake title of thumbnail I'm
really going to surprise her with her
dream
oh that's so great we are ready to go
guys so I'm about to show you guys the
first place that we hung out you swear
are you serious yeah this is yours look
read it
