yeah okay sorry neighbors but I'm about
to record a video I know it's really
really late but I was playing basketball
all day so I couldn't film it earlier so
I have to film it now so please don't
mind me I'm about to be really loud
because would you make a youtube video
you got me hyped so goodnight I'm sorry
aka bodies and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new video first of all let
me just start off by saying that I love
you guys and without you guys there
wouldn't be me so I really love you guys
I feel like I don't know if we'll just
be very much no I really heard something
I heard someone open their door and I
thought they were gonna come to get all
screaming I don't want you guys to
forget I freakin love you guys and
without you guys there wouldn't be any
of this so thank you guys so much
now on to the video so a couple of weeks
ago I had a really really big
announcement for you guys and the
announcement was that me Brandon aka bro
Wallace I'm about to do my first ever
tour and that was a crazy huge
announcement for me it might not be that
big of a deal for you guys cuz you've
probably seen a lot of youtubers go on
tour and do show but for me like yo just
thinkin like I'm going on tour that's
crazy
never ever ever in my life would I
everything like like I would be going on
tour like yo it's just crazy but my
point is a couple weeks ago I mentioned
how I was gonna do the first ever girl
artist tour and I asked you guys to vote
which cities you think I should go to
and after that I never really mentioned
anything about it well on this five and
Wednesday night after playing six hours
of basketball my body is sore I was
sitting down I was icing my knee and I
was icing my shoulders and I was
watching something on TV can you guess
what I was watching no because I don't
do this often but I was watching
basketball huh sorry I couldn't even
make that joke with a straight face yes
I'm watching basketball I was watching
with Ron James actually freaking go off
at King James he's amazing he's crazy
and I get a call from my manager and I'm
like yo it's late like
what do you do big boat and he goes hey
I'm sorry to tell you this late you know
you're probably trying to go to sleep
but I got some news that is going to
excite you and I'm like what like no
like what I'm trying to ask my body and
watch basketball what could you possibly
tell me at 10 p.m. on a Wednesday night
that is gonna excite me and him knowing
how excited I am for my first tour and
how much I talk about it with him and
how much I text him about it goes yo we
got the cities and we got the
information and I'm just like stop
you're joking because every single day I
text my manager Hank are the cities out
yeah I want to know what cities I'm
gonna go to I want to tell the robot
squad which cities they could come beat
me in every day and every day I'm hot
I'm freaking high I finally get to tell
you guys which cities me and my friends
and my family are gonna hit up and like
you can tell I'm excited because one not
only do I look like I'm freaking like I
just drank like 10 Red Bulls and freakin
million energy drinks so without further
ado Shh
I just realized I've talked so much like
I'm looking at the camera right now like
y'all ready this video was supposed to
just be a short you know like tour video
what are you doing talking so much but I
just love you guys all those times you
guys but anyways first today's video I'm
going to go over what exactly I'm gonna
be doing on this tour who the hell is
gonna be going on tour with me because
nobody in their right mind is gonna pay
money to see bruh wadis by himself
come on you guys need to be dragged over
to see me but that's why I have some
guests with me so that you guys will
want to be there and last but not least
we are going to get in to wit cities we
are going to hit up half of these places
I haven't even been to is gonna be my
first time like right when I got this
phone call my manager I didn't want to
wait till tomorrow I couldn't even go to
sleep without so excited and I figured
just pull my camera out I'm like
hopefully he's charged hopefully it's
charged and freaking
I just had to make the Vidor and I have
to talk about it I have to tell you got
to show you my excitement ever since I
mentioned this tour I've been getting
non-stop tweets and mentions on
yogalates what are you going on tour for
you don't rap you're not a comedian you
know but what are you going on tour for
what are you gonna do in front of
hundreds and hundreds of fans what are
you doing and I'll give one answer baby
well you guys know me my name is Brandon
aka everyone√≠s and I have once you love
in this world and that is basketball I
love basketball I love the sport I love
watching it I love playing it I love
talking about it I love reading about it
I love dance well for those who don't
know and so what me and my management
team is gonna be doing we are not even
renting out stages we're not gonna be
renting out you know a little platform
with a microphone stuff like that we are
going to be renting out James with a
full-size basketball court and this
bawaslu
is not just a prelada store it is a
robotic basketball tour and when I was
pitching this idea out to my manager he
was like yo Brandon are you sure you
know there's not really people who do a
basketball tour like are you nervous are
you scared
do you think people might shy away and
not show up because no one's ever really
done it so you're taking the chance and
I hit him back with yellow if I didn't
want to do this I would have never
pitched the idea so I might listen to me
I know nobody's done it like this I know
it's risky because if nobody's done it
people might not even want to show up
however trust me I told him I said trust
me and and I know like just a perfect
way to make this late and fun and so I
told him trust me and that's still
confusing people still hit me with okay
so even if it is basketball what exactly
they're gonna do I just miss stand there
and shoot by yourself I go hey everybody
watch me shoot oh can I make this oh
let's try one more time oh how about
this one
yay maybe wow what a fun show bye
everybody
no it's not gonna be
like that come on guys what I'm gonna be
doing I'm going to be getting the fans
involved because if it wasn't for the
fan there would never be a tour so why
would I do a tour just for myself I want
to get you guys involved I know a lot of
youtubers who go on tour and they do a
show themselves and they only get the
fans involved in the meet-and-greet
well me like I said I want to do
something different I want to do
something that no youtuber has ever done
before
and now only do I want to have a meet
and greet because that is still going to
be a part of the show but I want to make
the whole show involving you guys so
instead of me shooting around and
playing basketball how about this hey
you in the crowd come on let's play
one-on-one let's go okay how about this
you five in the crowd over there come
now let's play a game of horse okay now
how about this you guys over there you
want some free merch you also for your
peril will come here if you make this
shot then you get free pelota smirks oh
wait how about this and you twenty
people over there come now let's play a
game of knockout you guys you know it's
not always about me I want to make this
for you guys because like I said if it
wasn't for you guys watching there would
not even be a tour they wouldn't even be
brahmanas and so obviously I can't play
basketball with everybody there there's
no way I could do that there's just too
many people and not enough time in a day
like I said there will also be a me
angry for after the show because I want
to meet every single one of you guys I
can only imagine if you guys made the
drive or a freaking the fly over to a
Pilates show it's only right that I meet
you it's only right that I thank you
it's only right that I freaking say yo
thank you so much for making this happen
for me thank you for making the drive I
don't know why you like me or while you
watch me on YouTube or let alone why you
want to come meet me in person but here
I am bro and if you guys don't get that
kiss on the cheek like a Middle Eastern
thing but but no really I wasn't joking
I don't get why you guys you can watch
me on YouTube while you guys freaking
are gonna come to my show but thank you
because I really do appreciate it
and so I feel like the main event for
the show depending on who's there how
many peopie out there would maybe be a
game a basketball game very competitive
maybe referees me dress my friends you
know five-on-five fluorophore 3:03
whatever
maybe how many people are there loser is
gonna have to do something crazy in
front of the crowd in front of the fans
and I just ride I'd be so late oh and if
you don't like basketball don't worry
guys you don't have to be a basketball
fan to attend the show because there
will be a lot of just different
minigames you can do with me and my
friends there will be a lot of like you
know little skits and just you know
funny jokes just be a good time all
around whether you like that's what
we're not now on - how are the tickets
sold how are they separated and sorry I
don't have to use my phone for this one
because like I said my manager just
texted me how the tickets are so the
prices are not saying we don't know
about the prices yet I don't know it's
not up to me honestly I wish for them to
me everybody come in for free but the
type of tickets are available so first
and foremost there will be a couple of
tickets only a couple they are called
super VIP super VIP not just like you
see this right here this is regular VIP
I'm talking super VIP so there's a super
VIP section I have no idea what I'm
supposed to do or what we're gonna do
maybe I shouldn't have made this video
until everything was detailed but I'm
just so freaking excited that right with
my major called me I said yo I'm getting
my camera and I have to make this video
so super VIP whatever the hell that
means we're selling a couple of those
then there's VIP you know regular VIP I
don't even know what I'm supposed to do
with the VIP but I don't care because
when I find out I'll make another video
about it cuz I'm so happy and then
there's the me angry obviously we will
change you can watch the show and then
also do the meet we after and then
there's general admission which I'm
guessing is just watching the show but
no me and Reid I don't know so if you
love me then don't do general admission
if you hate me and you just want to see
me miss a bunch of us what's not so you
guys can take snapchats and say look
everybody I told you bro wanna suck at
basketball then you should get general
admission because then you don't have to
meanie after so super VIP VIP me angry
and general admission
now for my oh we're never said it was
gonna be on tour with me freak I'm
moving ahead of myself so I want to have
every single show absolutely positively
no matter what
my brother yo Dennis I don't care if you
move to Chicago you've been just as
excited about this tour as I have and so
you're coming to every single show with
me baby
I used to always tease tenants and I'd
be like hey yo Dennis if you don't make
this shot on the decimal foot you're not
coming on to me I mean do I know I'll
make you trust me and so it was just fun
to tease with Dennis because that's how
excited he wants to go on the tour so
Dennis you are coming to every single
show don't even worry about it I got you
now to my friends you know Romel I'll
leave Justin Jordan all of this you know
me I love my friends they're just like
my family I tried to tell them yo come
to every single show I got you I'll pay
for your plenty I'll pay for your hotel
just come I want you guys to be a part
of my first every tour but there's one
problem they all work they all have jobs
and you know when you're an adult you
can't just step into work and be like yo
I'm leaving I'm going on a tour you
can't do that
so what they did say they will try to
get as many days off as they can they
will try their best but they can't
promise to make it to all the shows now
those aren't their families because I'm
sure you guys are all like what are we
gonna meet mama rug Papa Roach phase
rugs and most importantly are we gonna
be Bosley well about that once again I'm
trying to get my family to come with me
to every single show because I don't
want this just to be bharata's tour hey
if I eat that my family eats and for
what is with his family because without
my family I wouldn't be where I am today
and the only thing is they also have
jobs I'm talking YouTube videos they
gotta make youtube videos too and you
know they can't be they're just vlogging
the show every single show because that
gets repetitive you can't upload the
same video every single day but I talked
to them and you know I told them if you
guys want to come to any show trust me
plan to get on me ho tell me whatever
you want like I don't care just let me
know whichever dates you decide to come
please just let me know it so my family
will be at some of the shows also I feel
like I'll most likely have a special
guest in the Phoenix show I don't know
yet but uh yeah that's a feeling going
on inside my head right now but we'll
talk about that when the time comes and
I know
a lot of you guys have been asking about
Jackie
you know Brennan is Jackie gonna be on
the tour with you too so the same thing
goes for her I'm going to try to have
her at some of the shows because like I
said despite us being broken up with so
really really close friends and so why
would I not want her there with me
Jackie has been with me through the
whole journey from zero subscribers she
was there to 2.7 million subscribers she
grew with me throughout this whole
journey so of course I want Jackie there
but again she works also and so we need
to see which day she can get off but I'd
love to have my friend Jackie there a
lot of the shows if not all of the shows
and I know you guys would love to meet
her especially all you girls out there
you guys freaking love Jackie and
especially all you guys who freaking
have a crush on Jackie which I have to
deal with but yeah you guys can get to
meet her too now on to these cities and
I was bugging my managers for weeks
saying yo the bravado I voted now tell
me what cities were going to and he kept
saying Brandon we got to calculate the
heat map wait and the heat map has
finally been calculated I love you guys
so much the he-man has finally been
calculated we pulled in a ton of votes a
ton the cities we hit up is not up to me
it is not up to my management team it is
up to you guys for a week I told you go
vote your city go vote what city you
want to see but water than its friends
and family hit up for the tour and my
management team took the top ten cities
because this is going to be a ten-city
show they took the top ten cities and
read them to me over the phone and let
me just start off by saying number one
and this is in no particular order the
order I see them in is not what city
we're going to first or last or anything
like that
I don't know any of that yet like I said
I probably shouldn't even be making this
video right now it's like a detail that
not management's are gonna kill me
but I'm gonna make it for you guys first
city San Diego baby my hometown born and
raised here still live here 22 years
later and nothing's changed I love San
Diego and I'm so glad that it was on the
list of top 10 cities because this where
I'm from I love San Diego and I'm glad I
have a lot of people from here that
support me and want to see a show of
so thank you San Diego I love you I
swear I do
next up the glamorous Los Angeles I know
I have a lot of love in LA because every
time I go there for an event or
something
it's crazy I mean so many members of the
robot squad so I knew LA was gonna be
one of the see San Diego LA number three
we're going up to the Golden Gate Bridge
the Bay Area San Francisco and actually
got so much love from the bank which is
crazy because I've never been there
before
we got so many votes it was like all
Northern California's San Jose
Sacramento San Francisco and I think
we're just gonna do one big show on San
Francisco so hey if you are in
Sacramento and or anywhere in the area
please come out and make it out to that
show San Jose next we move to the one
the only city of the sun's Phoenix
Arizona
baby and you know I can't wait to make
it out to that show because I figured
love Phoenix I love you guys in Phoenix
I don't have a lot of support there you
guys are my fellow Suns fans you're my
fellow Suns fan and I don't want these
people from Phoenix to hit that show I
want everybody in Arizona no matter
where in Arizona you I need you guys set
up that you know because I love Arizona
next we move over to Sandy Cheeks the
hometown
texans baby but wait we're not hitting
up one city in Texas we're doing two
cities in Texas because we got so much
love from there so Texas I love you
we're gonna be hitting up the city of a
team who just won their 17th straight
games the city of a team who has a
future MVP James Harden we're getting up
h-town baby we're gonna be in Houston
for a show and then we are going to hit
up the hole of the legend dirt no is
Dallas Dallas too so reading those two
spots up and then we move over to the
East Coast and New York be ready because
we got a show for you
New York man I Love New York the reason
is because I'm all the way in San Diego
New York is all the way here so
everything about it is so different it's
complete opposite and
Brennen I like different like crazy and
so I can't wait for my show in New York
and then there is the sorry I was so
cringy I was about to say Windy City
sauce act like I got blown away by the
way but that's called a cringy anthill
but we're going to hit up the Windy City
Chicago shine town ain't Dennis you're
not safe from me bro
you want to move to Chicago well I got
to show it Chicago so two can play that
game
Dennis you know we had a hit at Chicago
I got so much love from Chicago's next
we move out of the country this is not
even in the USA we are hitting up Canada
Toronto baby you know what I wanted to
go to Canada my whole life and I've
never been and now we're about to hit up
one of the most lit places in all of
Canada we will have a show in Toronto so
demar derozan
Kyle Lowry search it vodka I want you
guys to show up I'm gonna jump you guys
probably on duty but I want your show
either way and last but not least how
would I left this out
how would I have left out the chance to
meet all my fellow Chaldeans my fellow
Middle Easterners my Chaldean family you
know we had to hit up a show in Detroit
and this is actually gonna be one of my
bigger shows it's gonna be a huge show
the one in Detroit is going to be late
you know that had to be a city in there
so Detroit so cool old chaldeans finally
if you don't know for me I've been
waiting for this for a really long time
and like even take you boot to go
through the meat because in Kamara but
anyways I can't wait to meet all you
guys those are the 10 cities San Diego
Los Angeles San Francisco Dallas Houston
Phoenix New York Toronto Detroit
oh I'm telling you it's late right now
I'm tired I'm freaking for a god
freaking Chicago
we're dead easy that's what I my scoop
him up be like Dennis you're not stayin
you're gonna come here my management
team said ten cities is you know perfect
size for your first tour and I'm trying
to push to do 12 so if your city was on
the list I apologize I really
I'm trying my best to add two more
cities I just don't know if they would
do it we'll see what happens with that
so if you're sitting at voting there
might be a small chance that we do
something about that I'm trying I really
am but it's not up to me but I will let
you guys know man like 10 cities maybe
12 for my first ever tour you guys are
freaking amazing I love you guys so much
I'm so blessed I'm very very very
blessed to be in this position like yo
I'm Brandon the dude who growing up
elementary middle school high school
like oh that's not one basketball nerd
you know he doesn't really party he
doesn't really go out all he does is
freakin talk about basketball play
basketball and watch basketball that's
why I was you know I never was speaking
like anything or anyone and like now the
fact that there's a bravada store and we
had to use a map just to see you in
cities like yo that's crazy and I
freakin love you guys for it and the
support that you guys show me never goes
unnoticed never I think about it every
single day and that's why I tell you
guys I love you so much
the fact that you guys put me in a
position where I'm able to go on tour
it's only right that I make this the
most lit tour that you guys will ever go
to and will ever even think about I'm
going to do my best to make it as fan
interactive as I could as fan involving
as I could I'm going to do my best to
make the meet and greet the best time of
your guys's lives I'm gonna do my best
to just make you guys laugh you guys
have to make you guys smile because
that's what you do for me every single
day so it's totally right that I hit you
guys back with that once again to my
manager I probably shouldn't even be
making this video right now cuz I got no
details but I'm just so excited it's
crazy I love you guys so much look at
this smile this is all because of you
guys thinking that my parents are
probably so proud of me I don't know
it's just crazy but thank you guys so
much for watching this video I hope any
question you had about this tour was
answered I also hope that anybody who
voted if you guys voted your city I hope
that it was one of the ten on the list
but I'm sorry you know it really isn't
up to me and I didn't choose the city so
I apologize if you took time out of your
day to vote for your city and they
didn't vote it I really am and I hope
that you guys can make it to a show
nearby because I wanted meet you
I really do drop a like if you enjoyed
this video and just freakin subscribe to
the channel if you are new I freaking
love you guys
and until it ends video I am out peace
and in case you guys don't know I like
basketball I can never ever find the
right word just there's no way this is
real life there's no telling you're the
right girl so I can only say that it
feels right it feels right
