okay guys so I'm up early editing my
video for today and Jackie's in the
other room she has to leave for work
soon but I keep hearing her laugh by
herself so it's kind of scary but oh
family god I literally keep hearing you
laugh from here all the way to there
when I'm editing my video peter is he
funnier than me okay then go day then
why are you dating are you excited for
your birthday tomorrow guys Jackie turns
21 tomorrow 21 years old
okay go marry him let him celebrate your
21st birthday with you guys I'm jealous
of Peter Griffin she has a nice body
okay enjoy your show yoga before we
continue with this video I just want to
stop by really quick and tell you guys
that what I'm about to do for Jackie in
this video because no this is not
clickbait it's not some fake title of
something I'm really going to surprise
her with her dream car and what I'm
about to do for Jackie in this video she
deserves 1 million % there is nothing
that this girl does not do she does
everything for me from top to bottom she
makes me who I am you know she completes
my day she does so much for me that the
least I could do is surprise her with
her dream car it's her 21st birthday and
I've been waiting so long to do this for
her when I tell you that she deserves it
this girl is she's perfect I don't care
I'm gonna say it you know what I find
really really funny I find it funny when
I read comments on my videos saying bro
Jackie is such a good girlfriend or
Jackie's a keeper don't let her go you
know what I laugh at that because you
guys are telling me that Jackie is such
a good girlfriend and you guys only see
what she does on camera it's I wonder
what you learned to say about her if you
saw everything she does you only see
what she does from me on camera and you
guys already say she's the best she was
with me from the start she was with me
when I was pushing carts and bagging
groceries at a grocery store she was
what
me before I have you and even through
everything I've done now guess what she
does she works full-time and she still
goes to college she never quit look I'm
not trying to throw shade or say
anything about any youtuber girlfriend
but if you look around YouTube a lot of
girlfriends of youtubers you know they
don't go to school they don't work
because they I don't want to say they
live off the youtubers money but you
know they kind of they kind of rely on
okay I'm dating a youtuber so he should
be paying for a lot of my things Jackie
she's different she was with me before I
started YouTube and now two years into
this 2.2 million subs later guess what
she still works full-time she makes her
own money she buys her own things and
she still goes to college she still goes
to school I respect that so much about
her until what I did this morning I paid
off my car and it had five years left of
payment and I paid it all off and now
I'm ready to give it to her as a gift
both I love Jackie I love her it's her
21st birthday and and what I'm about to
do for her surprising her with a car she
deserves a hundred and twenty percent
the craziest thing actually is that her
car just broke down two weeks ago she's
been having to use a rental car for the
past two weeks because three weeks ago
she got in a car accident someone from
behind her and hit her car the week
after that her car broke down and just
stopped working so now her car's in the
shop
she's been having to use a rental so uh
I don't want to say it's perfect timing
because it's never perfect timing for
some once again a car accident or their
car to break down but I've been wanting
to give her the car for so long and all
of a sudden everything that started
happening to her car so it's like if she
needs a car right now she needs one and
she's been renting a car every single
day I feel so good she deserves 100% I
can't wait to see your reaction but babe
when you watch this you freaking deserve
it so much I don't have any regrets
making this decision you deserve it you
do so much from someone that you don't
even know sometimes I don't voice my
emotions sometimes I don't talk about my
feelings so you don't know how much I
appreciate what you do for me but listen
to me right now I appreciate everything
you do for me and if it wasn't for you I
would not be where I am today
so thank you so much for that and I hope
you enjoy your present happy 21st
birthday and I can't wait to see your
reaction later okay guys Jackie just
left to work to go babysit and now but
both behind-the-scenes shenanigans begin
hello hi how are you
cool
I know I can't wait oh my gosh try I
know there's so many times when I've
been down so many times that I needed
help so many times when I just can't
think straight and Jackie has been the
one for me she's been there for me and
okay guys and obviously this being one
of the biggest decisions one of the
biggest days of my life I obviously
wouldn't have made this decision by
myself when I'm making decisions this
big I obviously tell my parents so mom
dad what do you guys think is Jackie
deserve a car you know just like her you
know
she really does seriously yeah she's she
deserve it okay look how much he loved
you
yeah no no that's the right decision I I
like your thinking that way and Jackie
you deserve it she is from Walla and I'm
proud of you doing this to the girl that
you love oh I was a little scared
telling them what I was planning to do
for her birthday but they're they're all
far they actually pushed me to do it I'm
so proud mama thanks mom okay thanks mom
so yeah I got my parents support and
that was like the final step that pushed
me to say okay I'm going to give Jackie
that's called full gas tank my last time
driving this car as my own guys you
don't understand how excited I am to do
this like I can't wait to see her
reaction I can't wait to see the look on
her face and if there's anybody who
deserves this in the world
it's Jackie and the crazy thing in when
Jackie's car broke down
I heard her talk to her mom on the phone
saying mom I'm going to go buy me a
Lexus my car keeps breaking down I got a
car accident and I saved that money I'm
gonna go buy a Lexus and in my head I'm
like no I've been planning on giving her
a new car I hope she doesn't borrow it
so this is our dream car this is the car
that she wanted in in between all this
you know we had to stop and get a
haircut we're at the barber shop right
now a lot of getting cut where we going
to better you here cuz that's Barbara in
San Diego I gotcha but one of the
busiest days of my life one of the most
exciting days of my life one of the most
hectic days of my life but
had to make some time for a haircut
really quick and now we're going to
continue on with the surprise so far as
Jackie deserved the car definitely yeah
she works her butt off you know she's
been there for you since they want
exactly so definitely I think that'll be
a great surprise
clean roll then in time to get come on
the best in San Diego okay guys so right
now Brad target we're going to buy some
car window markers because I want to
write a message to Jackie on the car you
know I love you babe here's your car bro
I could write somewhere
brilliant so in about some ribbons from
here to and you know the car that I'm
going to give her it not only is it her
dream car she wanted the Lexus for so
long but it has so much value to me and
her it has so much meaning you know when
me and Jackie first started dating I
didn't have the IA
I was driving this car that's the car I
would always pick her up in that's the
collar would always hang out we never
came to my house when we first started
dating we were too scared and too shy in
front of my parents we would literally
just go inside my car and just chill for
hours and hours that car has so much
meaning so not only is there her dream
cars but it's not like I'm just buying
her her dream car from some car
dealership no I'm giving her the one
that means so much to us they have so
much sentimental value to us ok guys so
here is the spot the person so Bo
how are you ok guys so we just met a fan
what's your name bro thank you both bye
nice to meet you dude thanks but yeah
guys this was the first place me and
Jackie ever hung out look we parked the
car right here and we sat in the car for
six hours just talking the first time we
ever hung out so I feel like there's a
perfect place look the view here so many
times we've sat on these benches and I
watch the view when we first started
dating you were winded I used to be
romantic yeah before I grew old became
old man old age caught up to me I used
to be romantic I could have went to like
a beach or like some really nice park or
something more romantic but I decided
that this place meant much more to me
and Jackie because like I said it's the
first time we ever hung out was over
here and we just have so many memories
from when we first started
everything was just based right here
this would be like our our go-to spots
so I decided instead of going to some
you know big old like romantic place how
about we just do something more
sentimental this place means a lot to me
and Jackie brings back a lot of memories
so why not add one last memory to this
place love I honestly don't love the
strong words do I love Jackie no I like
her I'm just joking I'm not gonna lie
I'm gonna in writing you hey how about
this how about a heart you know the
heart antennas good I'm so excited I
swear I haven't done anything like this
big in my whole life folk I love Jackie
I love her it's her 21st birthday and
and what I'm about to do for her
surprising with a car she deserves a
hundred and twenty percent she's the
love of my life she's the girl of my
dreams and she does so much for me that
this is the least I could do for her no
no we have explorer name
qe Eleni
just do it we're gonna have to work on
that didn't I should surprise Paul with
a new car he gives me haircuts every
week he's so nice
actually he should surprise me with a
new car for all the money I've give if I
ever go bankrupt it's cause of haircuts
burn gay oh no no my mole ooh my balloon
I love the little heart at the bottom Oh
spitting on the bottom line they did all
you are done - not married yeah that's
nice oh that's so great
hey okay maybe she's gonna be like what
it's all the magic Oh imagine I wrote
take care of your new baby I'm talking
about the car and I just she goes how'd
you know who told you oh my god I like
how you're running this Oh like when I'm
at the hospital
I can see right 21 21 21 21 21 21 the
right
urghhh there's no way that the trails
don't any other right girl fucking say
that
say that it feels right we are ready to
go let's go Dennis what you guys don't
understand is that she does so much for
me off camera
Jackie is about to get off of work and
I'm going to tell Jackie hey babe
for your birthday how about I take you
to the spot where we hung out first oh
shit
there's also left go left oh love Dennis
sorry it'll be like babe it's your 21st
birthday to celebrate I want to go to
the spot where we first hung out so
we're going to show up and boom right in
front of your eyes for brand-new Lexus
and sport fully paid for man she
deserves it 100% she does a lot and she
was with you since day one when you
started your journey she was with you
exactly she deserves it that's the
biggest thing she was with me when I was
pushing cards at a grocery store working
part-time she's she's genuine and that's
what a lot of you guys realized and I'm
glad you guys realized that I'm glad you
got to see it because she's so good
she's so good okay guys so I'm about to
get to Jackie's house to pick her up and
take her to the spa where I'm gonna
surprise her with the car and I'm not
gonna lie I don't want to say I'm
nervous I'm not nervous but I'm really
anxious I don't know how to explain this
feeling it's like I'm sorry if I keep
repeating this but this is like one of
the biggest moments it's not the biggest
moment of my life I mean it just like it
just shows that all the hard work pays
off you know all those sleepless night
it means so much to me this moment just
shows that everything pains off you know
and I'm really excited I can't wait to
see my girlfriend's face she deserves
this so much and this is her dream car
so and it makes it more exciting like it
makes me more happy knowing that my
parents are proud of me for doing this
okay guys so we just picked up
soon-to-be birthday girl what your
birthday is in 95 five and a half hours
and already what do you need to get
ready our tables ready
I like I'm sorry what I've been good
so right now Jackie thinks that were
going to my house to film a video what
she doesn't know is right now no I get
so nervous it's offensive like okay hold
on you're good to explain it's not
really a surprise there's no object or
material the surprise is no I'm not the
surprise but do you remember the first
time we ever hung out do you remember
where it is yeah Brandon is with Jackie
so I came over here before them and I
got to put the ribbon on the key and
we're gonna put them on the car okay so
do you want to go there for memories for
your birthday yeah you want to we have
to go to Jamba Juice no no there's no
time for the first seven okay but we're
not reliving the whole day were just
reliving the second part yeah I remember
we went to Jamba Juice first then we
went to where I worked guys at that time
I was working at a grocery store I don't
know why oh because I wanted to show my
boss who I was hanging out with cuz in
my head I was like Billy yeah really
really okay guys well hold on let me go
get excited for that day we ever hung
out we went to Jamba Juice I was
shitting myself also nervous because I
had always wanted to hang out with
Jackie and I was a worker at a grocery
store I was a bagger and I used to push
cards and bag groceries so when I first
hung out with her and we got Jamba Juice
it was right next to my grocery store so
I went and I secretly whispered to my
boss I'm like look Bob look how hot she
is because my boss was really cool yeah
my boss was really cool with me so I
told him look how hot she is and then
after we got Jamba Juice we came to this
spot where I'm about to take Jackie and
we hung out for I'd say six to eight
hours we just sat and talked like we hit
it off from the first time remember your
mom texted yeah my mom was like where
are you mad at us like 10:30 that's
because I didn't tell her oh yeah I was
too shot I didn't want to talked with a
girl because my mom goes oh my god well
loksat like my mom but yeah so we're
going to the first place we ever hung
out
very excited and okay Brandon just
texted me he said they're coming up now
ya know he was so nervous and I was so
nervous okay guys so I parked right here
this isn't the first time we hung out
I'd rather walk I'd rather walk there
because it's more logical intimate if a
car hits my car right here guys I don't
know if I'm over there
no it's okay now I want to walk there I
don't want a part there okay guys so I'm
about to show you guys the first place
that we hung out don't worry guys I
wasn't touching your life is it first
time we hung out the first time we hung
out I was like oh okay Teresa and that's
why I was so appreciative we are you see
what I see what wait are you kidding
what don't tell me that sign
oh that looks like my car lieutenant we
should you have a gift I said we're just
hanging out hey dog oh my god that is so
cute I'm gonna freak out it's not really
for me
you swear stop you're kidding us knows
that it mine doesn't have all the
writing over okay look people are me are
you serious what I can't talk right now
you can't what well I swear what
wait are you serious is this your old
car is this my car your car now yes sir
yeah you're not kidding
I paid it off this morning and I'm guess
that is it B kitty way really yeah cuz I
heard you sexist I'm gonna buy a Lexus
yeah this is yours look read it
oh wait I am too quick Oh is here yeah
it's yours I swear to God I said well
yes I swear how many times you already
swear it
look at its memory I swear it look the
keys all right there
we're right here here wait
yeah it's yours I swear you promise I
promise you better cry yeah it is yours
only your mom knew your mom my mom and
dad that's it
got those are the only people that know
and she doesn't believe me
yeah I'm in shock yes their 21st
birthday she deserves it he does
everything for me if there's at least I
can retain early that's all your name
might you know yeah yeah you understand
also kid I saw the wrong weight today
read the front members take care of your
baby
okay here is a fine weapon take care of
your new baby
I am okay shut the car you know what I
thought when I wrote take every new baby
I buy you're going to take house you
know
look at leas yeah okay wait wait come
here I'm keeping my loyal ones you can
have a car but not my oil life I did
clean it I love you some fish club money
I'm pretty oh yeah
she makes me square with my heart I'm
taking the car back I swear that's the
final plan it comes all-inclusive with a
charger to that she gave to me is it
when I had this heart the back beyond so
many memories right here in the back to
you
you guys don't even know anything well
you know
come in second here I'm sorry
it's just a playing to Jack as big of a
deal as this is you know a lot of people
would have second thoughts or a lot of
people would have you know doubts about
giving their girlfriend their dream car
but I have no doubts I had no second
thoughts when I decided I wanted to do
this the second I talked to my parents
about it and when they approved and they
even pushed me to do it because they
know everything Jackie does for me I
have no regrets I'm giving this car to
her fully paid off and I denied them
looking back this is her car she
deserves it and I mean I was thinking
like a purse like straight up like I
know I know I play this is belief for
everything she does for me this is the
least I could do for her yes see I told
you guys I could have picked like a huge
spot with a huge scene this is a perfect
spot for me and Jackie no guys like I
said earlier in this video a lot of you
guys see what she does from me on camera
and you guys say Oh Jackie does so much
for you you know you have the best
girlfriend you guys don't even see what
she does off camera Lexus export and
this is a car Jackie was going to buy
her car broke down and I heard her
talking to her mom mom I'm going to buy
a Lexus and and I'm like no it's so
close to your birthday don't do it
that's why I told her mom do not let
Jackie why Alexis we have a birthday
gift for her okay sit and I want to see
how you came yes sir yeah you need to
get a little closer oh this is crazy I
didn't think I would ever be doing this
for so much okay you could take the ball
off no I wanted oh my gosh it's stuck
we're honest you honk the horn honk the
horn
okay easy thank you they said happy
birthday thank you oh wow she knows
about push-to-start okay okay okay okay
there goes your coffee no she said did I
run over your leg you think I'd have
been running like that no you drop your
coffee it's fun it's fun I think you
could you can look past that now that
you have this and stay here once and
then go there take it the community
above what I'm thinking that like I
can't even speak like I just wanna
scream that's why you actually remember
yesterday when you said you want to get
a likely get a car and stuff and I was
like close trying to hold it in the
whole time okay let's get one more like
a couple more hey I don't like any final
words I love writing autos with my whole
entire heart oh now you'll know I've
loved you forever ever ever I just I'm
speechless but yeah so I'm just like
your birthday needs to come faster your
car keeps breaking down you keep having
to get rental cars I was worried you
were gonna buy a new car
how here it is just cry just let it out
you don't cry ugly
Jackie is getting mad she doesn't want
us to wipe off the front how are you
gonna drive oh okay you want to leave
that I love you okay that's cool that's
the point you see I know that's the
right where your face to drive is okay
I'll ride it again when we get back to
the house so on the Left there's a brake
on the right that's a gas pedal you must
wear your seatbelt and you must not text
and drive you see my last or my smile
yeah well and you have no makeup the
beautiful natural face
look at her go it's like I'm a proud
father right now look at her taking the
baby steps of driving the new car I'm
honestly like I'm so happy right now I
feel so good like I feel like I did
something for someone who truly deserves
it 100% deserves it they appreciate it
and like three weeks ago she got in a
car accident where someone hit her
bumper so she had just gone a car
incident her car broke down and it just
did this couldn't have happened at a
better time I don't know guys oh look
who just pulled up she's crying oh my
god she's crying still the drive was
like 30 minutes well at least we know
she's playing the AC fluid to work look
oh you were cold like you just got off
the whole Drive you're quiet okay are
you gonna turn the call I called my
brother and I said you have a car he's
like no way yeah guys that was also one
of the biggest things because what did I
tell you when I gave you the car I said
only to give your brother your old car I
can't believe this I love you are you
crying the whole way that was a long
drive I I wasn't expecting it and it's
like it's so nice like you really are
like you thought about me that much for
like so then your brother guys her
brother works full time goes to school
also and he didn't have a car so now
that Jackie has this car she can fix up
her old car and give it to her brother
so now her brother has a car too so it's
like a double gift for her brother in
favor oh my and I'm gonna be rich and
you didn't tell me I'm good at hiding
prices okay guys I was going to close
out today's video I really really do
hope you guys enjoyed this video as much
as Jackie enjoy her gear I was planning
this for a really really long time I was
waiting for her 21st birthday to come I
think it all works out perfectly now her
brother has the car to her husband
I'm Jackson yeah yeah because her
brother works a lot of hours in school
meet the car and yeah this means a lot
not just for her but for me it just
shows that like hard work pays off if I
wasn't staying up every single night
editing these videos putting this video
about daily uploading there was no way I
would be able to be doing this for her
and obviously thanks to you guys because
this wouldn't keep me being able to give
her the gift wouldn't be possible
without you guys watching my videos so
thank you guys so much for that anyway
thank you guys so much for watching and
we are waiting right now we're going to
throw her a birthday parties my friends
are coming your friends are coming your
family my family we're about so birthday
party so yes subscribing for new drop a
like for Jackie's 21st birthday and
peace out guys
