what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka uber waters and today I'm bringing
you guys I don't know I'm confused like
I'm just as confused as Brian and you so
I was playing basketball at the gym
earlier today first of all I frickin
stubbed my toe last night during our
game as yet it like started bleeding
last night so then this morning when I
woke up I wanted to go play basketball
and my hand I'm like I knew what it
wasn't a good idea to go play because my
toe was like still bleeding
but I went and played anyway it's gonna
cameras this basketball and yeah it got
worse this morning so yesterday is
whatever my toes bet but I was playing
basketball and I get a text from Jackie
and she's like babe I'm getting my nails
done right now and after I get my nails
done I want you to be recording so I'm
like okay are you sure you want me to
record she's like yes I'm going to come
to your house after you get back from
the gym and I want you to be recording
and I said okay whatever I came home and
now she just she text me again she said
I'm gonna be there in five minutes
oh she's about to be he's about to be
here and she said are you recording I
said yeah I'll record when you come so
what do you I'm not I know what it is
what that it's a surprise for you but
what you know what it is why would I
spoil the surprise why you Jackie -
pardon me her birthday's in two days
actually when this video goes up her
birthday - my birthday's on Friday
Brian's well Friday August 18 Jackie
turns 21 but wait you really know what
it is yeah me Anthony like a lot of
people know Brian you're a freakin liar
I swear I'm here what isn't
why would I spoil the surprise I swear I
don't know why am I getting surprised
it's Jackie's birthday coming up not
mine you're gonna like it
yeah just me choice okay guys so
Jackie's going to be here I feel like
behind lying but we'll go tomorrow Bert
Ken's the house with Keisha that means
you're an idiot dog I don't know I think
that's what it means but yeah guys so
Jackie's going to be here any second I
had an idea what it is I have no idea
what is going to happen but she just
told me to be recording imagine she just
wants to show her nails on the vlog
that's why she told me to be recording
let me check her she's here she said
okay thank you for recording I swear it
babe if you just want me to record this
bad because you like the way your nails
look so you want to show them off to the
bug I'm going to begin I'm going to
start laughing so bad
finish my video it's uploading right now
and now we wait on Jacqueline am I
allowed to look hey looky
damn look at you yes I like everything
sit on the bed
and then I'm gonna take that from you
well why am I getting surprised if your
birthday's the one that's coming up I
just like I have a surprise for you is
very last-minute honestly okay why do
you laugh minute okay here thank you
wait I just lost my breasts commandest
I thought of today no that's my surprise
okay wait close the door all right guys
listen Dennis called me very last-minute
this morning would you call me it was
like one ago it was like one o'clock I
was getting my nails on he's like yo I'm
here Brenda has no idea so okay go knock
on the door it could be Devin Booker
yeah okay ready yeah close your eyes
close your eyes close your eyes okay
great and don't don't open yeah man whoa
oh
I knew it I knew I got a lawyer I knew
about it I call it to that God back when
you whip this morning or one when I
start taking the car we're just gonna do
shit I just not try to get it I'm like
bro you need a haircut can you send me a
pic no I can smell you send that we're
in the hotel you know and what I didn't
tell you could say right here let me
read it
Jenna Jenna sound like oh you need a
haircut
he said yeah I'll wait so I get one by
Paul Paul in my barbecue on the top like
what are you going to come to San Diego
like you're going to wait like a dude
get in here
well Dennis like Chloe that you're going
to come and our brain is crying oh God
Dennis is freaking here what the heck oh
my god I slept on his name 100% said 22
your eyes like this yeah no and I opened
the door to get ready to jump up I
opened my eyes and close face okay now
where's Ramsey where's the meal I saw
really happy birthday a meal guys I'm
literally just like I'm mind fucked
right now because I was snapchatting him
and he was replying to me while he was
in the car Dennis Oh Mike and this is
crazy I don't even know what's going on
but what the heck I'm look guys I was so
ready for the snake to be here I had the
door open to jump off the roof I was
ready I should have bought the snake I
wanted to see PA now I wanted to see a
snake I was opening the door so we could
come here and play like me and the snake
could have more room to play
as well as even the snake eagle players
how was it open the door to run
I wanted let's make to come what I'm
surprised Dennis recognizes me do you
think I look different from the last
time you saw me your shorts on a James
God Jackie got mad at me okay I'll show
I was showing okay okay well I always
show it but for all you guys who go to
the gym with me you guys can check it
out next time girls you need fucking ass
so Jackie got mad at me okay I bought
these shorts brand new here also either
side of them okay I thought I showed the
stylish other side so I bought these new
shorts and I'm about to leave to the gym
and Jackie freaking noticed something
okay and she thinks I bought these
shorts for that reason why would i but i
buy bad smells worse because they're
comfy to play and not for the reason she
thinks guys we could literally see
everything i could see right now look
see what you know what that's why you're
laughing okay apparently apparently
Jackie said that you could see that I
could see it right now what you want me
to do i play i go to gym to play
basketball not to show people my booty
now they're regular baffles oh my god
you're pointing down something on show
also right now well you're going to a
gym to show you the girls I said no I'm
going to the gym to play basketball it
just so happens that I don't know why
Andy short
that's not why watch them why would I do
you have it looking out when I was lucky
well yeah because what am i yeah you
know what's thank you don't prepare I
did I don't buy basketball shorts guys
he does it on purpose he's just trying
to lie to you no i don't i buy Bassel
shorts based off how comfy they are so i
can move and play basketball anything
that was the surface I'm oh my god is
goes shit any Ebony's anyway I love that
okay we're sorry I like what I see it's
not my boat what do I'm to do go shrink
it up another dryer three I would I go
to the gym to play basketball and I say
I'm gonna wear this to go out to eat I
see everything
your tummy's making sound touch me ah
she's touching me the bad spot okay guys
so these are Jackie's nail what nails I
mean 1 through 10 I write them 9.4 yeah
I don't know if I really like them
because my birthday on Friday I need to
look good you do look good and see what
they have any what are you doing did
even stop when I turn the camera to him
Anthony stop because you thought you
could see my bula from the shorts before
you were doing that as you're watching
you're doing that you're gonna see the
one I told them in the intro I said I
got the reason Jackie wanted me to film
so bad was so that she could show her
nail to the vlog send ran into colors
he's like yeah just pick one because she
told me help me pick a color for my
nails but bro there is 5 million colors
if I say oh you should do blue she'll
send me a list of blue and there's 7
million different shades of blue so I'm
sorry but hey man doesn't take your
color for you he's cheating so I'm not
cheating but I always tell you to do
orange and purple for the guns and you
never do it
I always say do orange and purple you
say ok so ok don't disrespect my team's
colors I'll paint my nails are
underperforming shit Dee Doo doos all
the way from Phoenix Arizona we're about
to go out to eat and Brian's already
crying Dennis who gets too awks I called
I said I get awesome walking Anthony
what is this I left them I love the
fruit snack there when you just dried up
I got it
Oh Brian I love you animal
rug just killed multiple animals you
just killed multiple animals rug
hey I get off Brian what do you mean no
I called it ok Dennis who got socks same
again okay we're gonna give your hand
hey yo mom who gets the Ox note up to my
mom the only reason they don't want me
to put my oxen is for the five plug the
music the car's gonna burst into flames
because I got fire music Katy Perry
Miley Cyrus Lady Gaga Fetty WAP it ain't
get everything it's all ok I say is
gonna make it hit me
ok Dennis I mean yeah ok I say Dennis
makes it because I do is such a bad shot
Oh Dennis you okay guess Bo use the
glass use the glass okay let's go hey
good music only I promise I make it give
me one shot from back here
okay you have to shoot it all the way
from the white car no from right here
ready go GABA oh my god well maybe join
so trash you could have got the Ox oh oh
oh oh when the sunglasses come on you
know some farm musics about a play
highly turn is not fire
Anthony literally my experience with
Katy Perry's I should book a losses
button you're complaining about Katy
Perry you're talking about wake her in
the Nash and now you're complaining
about Katy Perry yeah like mine is in
the net okay how about you guys are
talking about Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus
I'm not playing that champlain steady
walk no one's complaining about Fetty
WAPs lines any loss
what the hell
who's call me Jeff can you ruin my son
Jeff do you know what you just
interrupted Jessica we went through
World War three to the sizes getting the
music I finally got to play my music and
you called not even before the first
song even started and get guess guess
what I was playing Jess anymore yeah
there we go that's my cousin you already
know who are meeting up with clay but
you look so much cleaner with that fresh
shave where I left the door open Dennis
Brian you left your door open and I
closed it for you right now Brian oh my
all I advised one granny left his door
open yeah Brian you did too I closed it
for you Oh cam Bellamy and they found
his horse being um so just don't just go
I need to cook her food
on your eyes pinning on my arm got to
stop and off I'm getting called dead
I'm cooking this for again I'm cooking
just as okay hey you're ruining my
masterpiece we realize she can pick talk
to coach cause if I took it faster
get a minute
it's not a game and let me make another
game hit
can you call from London
when driving appeared and really
depressed right now why because I ate
raw chicken for sure my stomach : riot
Pakistan and I feel the lightness right
that's what happens when you don't let
me cook your food I can tell it sir
exactly that's why you have food with
you Anthony took them would you rather
have four would rather be like Ryan was
about to die because you're so scared
gain your oxygen just can he'll get
medium-rare ticket who was a better chef
I'm your enemy
I'm not taking I burn the shit out of
this okay just go but here's the
question would you rather have it burn
and you're not going to die or eat it
rare like Brian and everything Brian
look clapping you kept looking applauses
it's ready it's ready and I don't know
how I like no claim literally Bob's
burger but if you cover this oh my god
Glenda Tito do you need help with your
project oh my god Anthony and my dad are
having a who can hold their breath along
this contest so my dad's holding his
breath right now he's turning red like a
freaking tomato Anthony I'm sorry but
you need a haircut well Anthony I'm
getting a haircut tomorrow bro please
come with me
hey Anthony you need a haircut dad it's
not worth it if you need to breathe free
that you won locally well God Brian is
crazy just knock down the wall and tired
for hey if anyone try to play some beer
pong we could have the world's largest
beer pong game in history yeah oh my
gosh guys go check out the video on
Brian channel associate when he knocked
all the who did that
hey grow up grow up are you without the
question how old do you have to be to
just oh my god I'm just joking it was
super sick Brian Maude I don't want to
show my toe on camera when I took my
sock off but did you see all the blood
where are you oh I hate this house it's
so big I never know where the voices are
coming from did you see the blood I
don't know what happened but yeah guys I
don't even know like I think I fell or
something happened yesterday during the
game and I went up to Brian during the
game I said Brian I can't take my shoes
off right now but just remember me
saying this my toe is like my toe is
that and he's like okay just show me
after the game took my shoe off after
the game and it was bad just like I said
I knew it
I knew something happened during the
game that was last night so then this
morning I woke up and I told myself okay
no basketball my toes hurt it's bad so
just take a break from basketball but
you already know what happens five
minutes later I'm in my car on the way
to the gym to go play basketball so got
even worse at the gym and yeah I gotta
clean this up because I don't even want
to show you guys on camera I showed you
with the sock on but I don't want to
show you with the sock off sauce on
don't show it sock off that's my new
remix okay guys that is going to close
today's video if we're being honest I
had no idea that Dennis was going to be
coming I hope you guys enjoyed this
video we didn't really do too much then
we went out to eat it was just nothing
was planned because I didn't know what
was coming
I think Anthony could see sewed it up so
I honestly hats off to all them because
if I knew something like this so so many
people do and none of them open their
mouth all the way from Phoenix Arizona
how it was the drive like five and a
half hours five and a half hours almost
six hours shout out to Dennis is one of
my best friends so that they you know
I'm super I'm extremely happy we don't
even know how long he's going to stay
the reason I say that because last time
there was only supposed to say a couple
days and I convinced him to stay for
over a week
so now he's saying he's only going to
say a couple of days but who knows I
hope you guys are happy to see Dennis
back in the videos you guys loved again
is yes Dee Durden if oh we were trying
to get keys to come back to I was trying
I was trying yeah he couldn't get the
days off of work we're trying to get him
out here but nothing but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I hope you're
going to enjoy the future videos with
Dennis you guys love it
show them some love anyway things are so
much for watching drop a like if you
enjoyed subscribe to our new shut up for
the surprise me and please go ahead
Dennis both
what are you doing double sister girl oh
my god just really quick one time Dennis
on a huge rant a regret 20 minutes
did you forget for 20 hours 100
he kept saying a branded Jackie and my
sister it's anybody tries to mess with
with you or Jackie just let me know all
they do is so fun
