limit our he was hiding some bright
twisted Bodley is taking his once-a-year
shower
what did bother smells way too bad for
you to convince me that showers once a
month we're going to pay him a visit
hi but hey Bosley Bosley did you finish
your bath Bosley always looks skinnier
after a shower that makes me think he's
not fat he just built up with dirt this
is not bad you want to come back in the
house wait in a little bit guys I
shouldn't have shown balls in my face
he's like crying to come back in the
house now what can I say he can't live
without me just joking buzzing he's
flying off to my mom hey you want to go
buy my mom no wrong that's not my mom
Bosley no that's not my mom Bosley no he
runs sideways
he's like a side wander sneaking I
always know he's about to do something
crazy when I see a ladder a bunch of
wires nails and tools and then I see
Brian roaming around I know something
Crazy's about to happen
yep I knew it and then when you see my
dad with him these two are the
troublemakers dad Brian and a bunch of
tools I know something Bad's gonna
happen I don't know oh my god that was
that a snake tail Brian what do you mean
a snake cell you crazy
what is that look at the very bottom
right there are these snakes too like a
three okay I was gonna say it looks fine
you scared me you just said it all
casual like it's nothing
look at Brian supporting but what is
merch only because you got that for free
excited to the apparel is now on sale
went on sale yesterday it's on sale for
two more weeks so many people are
already tweeting to me saying that they
bought it and I appreciate it a lot
I appreciate all you guys and I can't
wait to meet you guys in public and see
you guys weighing down I just want to
give all you guys hug as you find out
weird I'm sorry but if you're going to
support me so much as to buy a teacher
or a hoodie I'm going to give you a hug
when I see you I don't care the website
is down below the link is in the
description well let me tell you do you
care about our basketball team right you
care about winning
uh-huh I haven't know exactly undefeated
do you want us to go six I know you
wanted to win tonight there's only one
way we could promise a win guys if you
want to see us win our game tonight
Brian has to agree to this if you don't
agree to this that means you're okay
with us losing because if you don't let
me do this we're going to lose while you
go down the zip line you let me beat you
like a pinata are you done with what you
care about when you're gonna injure me
no just I'm gonna beat you till the
candy comes out of your ass okay mine
really yeah see that's what I mean
caring about winning can we all give a
round of applause to Papa rug who built
this zip line dad I don't know how you
do it my dad is just Bob the Builder
everyone a round of applause
my dad builds anything and everything is
crazy
and guys binds crazy it's so cold
Dada Dada yes oh my gosh bad things
always happen to good people
oh thanks Brian for throwing my pillow
right here but Brian's a golfer look at
a glove everyone pointed go one way down
even into like a pinche puto Vendela
want to keep in the backyard getting
ready for the game ha ha
yeah 9:30 p.m. for a game my bedtimes at
10:00 so I don't know there's gonna work
articles should I ask my mom if I could
play the whole game or I mean ask mom
okay okay guys so the reason I'm warming
up before the game is because I actually
haven't played a basketball game in two
weeks because last week I was on
vacation so I missed the game so I'm
kind of rusty I need to warm up before
the game last week when I was on
vacation I called Brian and I was like
Brian were undefeated we haven't lost a
game yet and I want to finish the whole
season undefeated really bad
itself I need you to hold down before I
need you to win this game from you while
I'm gone and Brian you already know that
I did in a crazy way tell them Brian
didn't film the game so I didn't get to
watch it I just had to hear the story
it's crazy list turns out to be one of
the craziest games I've ever played in
it went double overtime to overtime to
over times and I had the game-winning
free throw it was so crazy I won it for
our team
I got you I called him before the game I
said Brian I'm relying on you while I'm
not there so not only did he win but it
turned out to be a crazy game double
overtime double overtime they fouled me
with one second left and it was a tie
game and you hit the fruit and I got the
free-throw game-winning free-throw how
many points did you have that game like
2017 so before I left on vacation we
were four no four wins and 0 losses the
game I missed thankfully my team not
just Brian didn't only win that game the
whole team won our team played so hard
that game front I could have came back
from vacation early I'm played in the
game but I was like I trust you God it
was close it was really really close
double overtime so right now we got five
and OH
five wins and 0 losses I made a promise
not just to you guys but to myself
before the season started now I wanted
to finish undefeated 10 and oh and guess
what we're halfway there I've never ever
gone to whole season undefeated its goal
when I promised myself in my head I'm
like okay there's a promise but I don't
know if it's actually going to happen
well it turns out we're already halfway
done the promise isn't only to go
undefeated in the regular season that
doesn't mean too much the promise to
myself is to win the championship so we
got to do that tonight we're playing I'm
not too sure the team were playing all I
know that they have the number one
scorer in the league he's averaging
about 20 a game night when he a game yet
we all just stopped him all I know is
that they have one guy who's really
really good but hey there's a reason
that our team is first place undefeated
because we could compete with anybody so
I'm ready for tonight
I can't wait extremely happy that my
brother held down the fort last week and
we won the game and now we got a shooter
on Friday fine if I miss this then we
lose if I make it we win okay go all
right you got what you didn't even see
you just have to hear that okay guys
we're about to do a quick little
surprise for Jackie the funny thing is
when she saw my apparel she's like oh my
gosh babe it's so nice I want to support
you
going to have one and I was like a baby
so the thing is you know I didn't get
you one I only got a sample for me and
Brian and she actually went on the
website right now she's on the website
trying to buy one but I regard one when
I ordered one for me and Brian so babe
did you buy your hoodie yet no you did
it
where are you really you swear that's
where you I got you on you me and Brian
it's not a brain you could have what I
got it for you
puts Lila you're welcome
I was going to keep it going longer
telling her that I didn't get it one but
she actually well on the website to buy
a hoodie and I'm like hold on bitch why
I want to see how you look in it cuz if
Jackie's already sexy regularly imagine
in the Vadis apparel a link will be in
the description down below we got
t-shirts we got hoodies we got white we
got black and it looks great on boys and
okay awkward okay let's try that again
let's see it lets see let's see it oh my
goodness I love it I want one we have
white and black and both so I want a
white one so see okay time for the
basketball game are we going to win
today yeah exciting 5.25 okay I'm just
joking it's not full of yours I'm just
letting you rent it for the night
that'll be okay I thought you're in the
bathroom that'll be five dollars
those are barren 11th please
oh my gosh you're wearing the leggings
with the holes did I tell you these show
way too much skin
oh the Christ oh my clothes it's these
like Drake ovo oh man
the Baron 11 loads whatever the hell
they're called okay but wait that'll be
$5 I'm letting you lease it $5.00 a day
how long do you want to keep it no she
said if I charge her for the jacket then
she wants every shoes she bought me back
so there's those ones
there's the Devin Booker she bought me
what else oh yeah you did buy me ie okay
fine fine you don't charge you for the
jacket I'll keep my shoes right you know
the song I got a bandit riding shotgun
yeah that means advantage okay anyway
guys we just got word right now that we
are going to be missing one player
Alvin is now going to be able to make
the game man so Albert we're going to
miss you out there but what that means
is that we only have five players for
the whole game meaning none of us could
take a break over we're all going to be
playing the whole entire game then I
would let you sub in but maybe the
innocent people the other team that were
playing has the number one scorer in the
whole entire league
so I'm excited I'm ready plus I'm hazel
is but we're giving you a th New York
it's live build the water for gran gran
San Diego five year to 70 I make sure
that does not live in my house yeah
brennon loves to get make it on the
court I don't know why but every single
time
see you guys I'm mr. robot clogged so
much
Hey
well Wow Alex move to the P
you guys for waters merge has me feeling
like I could actually go break some
ankles to my play
right
so this girl is probably not for me
because you guys already know I'm too
lazy to go and I'm lactose intolerant I
really feel like I'm oh girl oh I don't
think I said that right
I don't know
Wow
you guys ought have been in this court
and so long I think I'm getting
emotional
oh hey guys that's 18 19 which 11
minutes on airplane very I think it's so
funny that the crowd I'll make the same
noise you know like this whoo
we're like impressed by something
maybe it's not funny
Oh
22:26 eight minutes left
see I'm metal so weird
Oh
so you guys know who sings that song
suck in my head now
hey guys so we're up by two with 46
seconds left
36 to 33
so babe
the tie game at halftime
32 to 32 we need to slide that in we
need to win
I think these dress care more about how
they look on camera than was actually
sick
so guys is 35 to 32 we're down by 3
hazard flexing on his back
Oh 46 to 34
well
54:15 one minute left you guys I mean
him send me pictures of himself smiling
like four times yes I'm that annoying I
was like I just want to see you smile so
I made him send pictures of himself and
it made my day actually okay guys this
keyboards assist you too I think they're
just going to end this game now okay
guys so and the game is over I'm
honestly I'm extremely upset with the
way I played I just I played really
really really bad I don't know what we
couldn't get our shots to go but they
had that really big dude who was
blocking every shot so we just had to
settle for three-pointers and we were
taking a lot of bad shots again I
apologize to my teammates I played like
shit and I need to play way better my
team needs to play better we got our
first loss I wanted to stay undefeated I
really did but I guess you win some you
lose some and now like I said earlier in
this video staying undefeated would be
nice but that's not the most important
goal the most important goal is to win
the championship and we could see them
in the class tonight yeah yeah we might
be seeing this scene in the play they
were good hats off to them I'm not
saying anything bad about them they
played really good we just got to play
better honestly we could beat them next
time we just have to play better we got
to find a way to get that big dude out
the middle I feel like he disrupted
everything we lost we're 5 and 1 now hey
we're not undefeated in that cells but
at the end of the day if we're winning
five and then only losing one I'll take
that all day that's not that yeah and
the good thing is this was just a
regular season game we didn't lose a
playoff game we didn't losing the
championship honestly I'm not saying I
like that we lost but sometimes it's
good to lose a game here and there
because it kind of like it reminds you
that you are able to lose sometimes when
you go undefeated you're like oh nobody
could beat us we're the best and
sometimes it's good to just humble
yourself down realize that there are
teams out there that could be too and
it'll make us play harder it'll make us
play better next week other than that
obviously I'm extremely
I'm extremely disappointed in myself but
we'll play better next week I'm
confident in that to my teammates I'm
sorry Brian I'm sorry I played like
shave head you're apologizing to awesome
people I had 14 that's below my season
average Brian you had below yours you
have I don't want to talk about is nine
point guys that just shows we just had a
bad game like I said everybody wins some
everybody loses some everybody has bad
games here and there this is what it was
it was a bad game we stayed tough
against a really really good team and
honestly when we lose against the team I
want to play them again so I hope we
play the team in the playoffs so we can
get revenge other than that guys I hope
you enjoyed this video it's a really
late game it's almost 11 p.m. right now
I played a late game like Brian said
there's talks at that time but please
drop a like if you did enjoy subscribe
if you're new let's add more members to
the belong squad oh and to everybody who
purchased their merch thank you guys
thank you so much I appreciate you guys
and guess it's going to close out
today's videos okay sorry
but every time after we lose a game my
outros are so depressing because I'm so
upset I need to work on that guys if you
can't tell I take basketball very very
seriously and I don't like losing
basketball games I feel like such a big
failure so I just found accumulate upset
I'll try to make it more enthusiastic
other than that guys it's been Brandon
I'm extremely sad right now but I'm
faking being happy so that I could be a
nice outro piece guys you know what
being fake happy to do an outro for you
guys it's cool '''l and it might get you
guys in the mood too you know oh my gosh
yet but honestly I'm real and I'm
extremely mad that we lost that game so
I'm gonna let one out one time I hope
you enjoyed this video
