you know what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka everybody's and before
I start today's video I just want to let
all you guys know that today right now
you can purchase your robotic apparel we
went on sale Brian shoulder bag I like
the back of the t-shirt so there's the
t-shirt had the Watterson on the back
and then let me see the front it's kind
of like a pocket tee
without a pocket here's the hoodie
design it's more simple more basic I'm a
big fan of the hoodie you could get it
in white or black there's two different
colors and for the first time I have two
designed out at once usually they do one
design then take that off than another
one this time we have two designs out I
want this one and this one so if you
don't like this one you can get this one
if you don't like that one you can get
this one
so eyes onto our bottle health yeah or
both is one I will leave the link in the
description down below if you guys want
to get your bottoms apparel be sure to
go check it out and Romo is playing in
my jacket how many ways did you get he
means 20 guaranteed winner if you play
in this jacket these will be available
for two weeks so you have two weeks to
get these go check it out if you like it
you like it I'm not forcing anybody to
buy but if you want to buy it
support show some support I want to see
people wearing it at school I want to
see people walking around I want to meet
you guys while you're wearing it so hey
if you're interested go check it out
link is in the description down below
other than that we got a video to watch
so I hope you enjoy the rest of this
video good shit this shit my man Fetty
WAP 1730 Am's and you're doing it wrong
scar age heart beat sensor grenade
launcher oh and do one man army so that
your grenade launchers never run out
because when I used to play call duty
modern warfare 2 I don't even know what
game this is what is this the very nasty
ok mono apparel clear whatever when I
used to play modern warfare 2 guys I
used to new tube like crazy I would have
a grenade launcher and one-man army and
I'll just keep reloading the grenade
launchers they hated playing with me
sometimes Anthony and Brian wouldn't
even invite me to their private matches
they were just walking off ok Anthony
will tell them because if I didn't do
that how bad did I suck well even when
you did
okay if I didn't new tube guys my
frickin KD ratio was like 0.0001 add ten
more zeros hey Anthony you don't want
this year you don't I'm going to go get
the scar-h grenade launcher you don't
want this one 1v1 okay and then you want
to know something that's weird to think
about I think about this every day
Anthony before I go to sleep thinking
about this when we used to play modern
warfare 2 hold on I'm not done Bosley
wasn't a lot I just think about this
when we used to play modern warfare 2
and everything
he wasn't even like a thing like he
wasn't even born
he was just sperm in his dad's babul oh
no I just think about it this guy was
not but like that's what I think about
every night before going to sleep Bosley
give me five good boy
what wait he ought to give me file he
only goes five to me see you telling you
ha do it Bosley here both give me five
good boy
oh it's called being his owner you can't
click babe all of it is Anthony no one
likes Cuervo no but I can pull wolf in
the title
I'll put wolf for this mother I'll put
pig yeah you have a wolf I will pig
hey what are you doing hey I'm doing I
thought it was gonna hump me I got so
excited I swear but Bosley
guys now that Jackie got the new
babysitting job that's Anthony's dream
come true now I take Anthony on things
not Jackie
will goes on after the day I'll show you
I don't kick from town did it's good
poisoning a balloon for people who don't
know how to cook you Anthony you don't
even listen to Cooper's takeoff doors on
the grill for Tuesday Anna I know how to
cook it so it damages the joking guys
shout out to Jackie so usually she's
only tell me what my food is ready and
went to take it off the grill now we're
going to have to ask Siri Siri is my
food ready yes man Anna did all right
man okay guys so I dropped Anthony back
home and now it is time for the best
time of day Bosley do you know what time
line is bro
we'll go what a difference from money or
super I referred to now now is the best
time of the day because Jackie is done
with her babysitting job so she's on her
way over here I don't get to see her as
much as I used to I used to be with
Jackie all day from morning tonight and
now she babysits from noon to 8:00 p.m.
at least the good thing about that is
that it always gives me something to
look forward to every single time I look
at my watch the invisible watch that I
don't have I always count out see how
many more hours and I get to see Jackie
well now time is finally here and now we
wait on her to come I have a gift for
you
really but it's half done guys what'd I
miss you guys I look really ugly I just
got off work and I literally put on a
mask and a t-shirt that says Italian it
doesn't say clients at Italia oh I meant
all of you a lot look big my present -
its half drinking both on the pose a
minute no ID nice David like I totally
didn't even think about that how long
having them on YouTube you guys name and
see if any could prank music let's see
how happy buzzer gets when he finds out
he's sleeping in my room with me and
Jackie come on posi let's go upstairs
let me see oh my gosh
who let you buy these you're showing way
too much skin why are there whole seed
is what happens when you wear stuff like
that you attract guys to look at no we
don't mean you need to go buy some
minute when I've been joking around and
we're not showing away too much skin
guys positive come on let's go upstairs
yeah no Bosley no no he tricked me he
tricked me I swear
Bosley I said go upstairs I wanted to
come sleep in my room
you're you're stolen from that well I
know you actually like me and I can help
you okay
sometimes my basketball shorts are
shorter than the boxers Bosley know
you're sleeping in my room what do you
mean no me and my dad have to fight over
which room bah loosely being dead nah
not that Manila God yesterday my dad
watch this game oh my god
which one was it the conjuring these
clothes the girls want you to bother my
dad's a baby because they don't often
all I was nothing my dad watched the
conjuring and then he slept with Bosley
in his room and when I came back from
the concert really really late I wanted
Bosley to sleep in my room so I walked
in and I took Bosley and my dad got a
heart attack yeah because in the movies
always the doors like oh I thought he
saw the door open you got a heart attack
like that kind of like that how I just
got a heart attack
what is this Brian Jackie my dad my mom
Bosley's here too
come on you're sleeping upstairs in my
room come on
no he what's the funny one yesterday he
waited but she doesn't like boba so as
part of this relationship I'll take the
bowl out compromise I'll take the bow
bow you can drink the smoothy Bosley
you're not getting out of this come on
let's sleep in my room yeah let's go
upstairs good boy no way no way come on
Bobby let's go mom he's waiting for you
guys watch I bet you mom if you come
upstairs he'll come watch let's go
buzzer come on look I told you he has a
crush on my mom and that's why my dad
and Bobby don't get along because Bosley
under crush on my mom Oh balls we better
go to in here guys we're folding from my
mom's thumbnail for her video
what's it make sure to watch it his life
things you don't know about the waters
and along it a lot of exposing like this
Shh
don't kiss until okay dad the bed is in
here and now I just need to get the
water other things he's gonna love it
no he loves sleeping here with me like
when my arm died I'm massaging is that
does no he just said is my point feet
high okay we'll take I'll take I'll move
this out and then we'll sleep closer to
the floor thought it up
Oh dad he's eyeing his exit he's staring
at the door probably honestly just make
up your mind both either you're gonna
stay in here or you're gonna go buy my
dad which one okay here how about this I
have an idea and I'll finish your own
bone wow I totally forgot how to record
a slave okay Bob Bosley not really oh
come here Bob good cop okay give me me
okay no you can't call mommy because
that makes it very lovely well it's
scary how I like you guys to look like
brain is literally going to look at the
rule exactly like Ron
exactly like my dad what's wrong with
you okay here we'll do rock paper
scissors to see where balding is asleep
okay so that's out of three okay keep
wrong favorite pages that you can't wait
to see what I do and then you something
I know that's what I do that's what I
did
sugar run Rock Paper Scissors go rock
paper scissors
now let's play what I wasn't you know
you don't do 1 2 3 and then 1 2 and day
all I want to okay fine we won't count
that we all can I'll take away my 1 2
and the desserts gasps you look good
thanks you wanna come on - oh wow a
suitor can't cut a raw baby we caught it
in a strong rock so that's what to
Europe if I win one more we're going
Bobby Bobby get ready ok ok ok 1 1 1 1
so there's a last game or whatever the
business with the paper okay so this
little doesn't beat it paper beats Rock
oh yeah because you can wrap a tailor on
the right one okay that's the thing
about now you talk about paper so either
you're tricking me and you're not going
to do paper or you're gonna do paper
because you talk about it I don't know
or he's just Dorian always go there
something so welcome welcome
okay hold on okay Rock David okay let me
tell you my mindset when I thought about
it so my mindset was if this is me
thinking like my dad he said okay
Brandon's gonna think I'm gonna do paper
but I'm not using paper so my dad so my
dad said Brandon's gonna think I'm doing
table but I'm not doing paper so I
thought my dad was gonna do scissors I
mean so I thought my dad was gonna do
duck my one I don't know I don't even
know I lost dad's here
No okay wait no no after I thought you
get the hardest I guess today my dad is
scared here
everybody else is live with someone my
dad is scared of the conjuring each one
Annabelle oh whoa
tell him good boy okay guys so my dad be
mean rock paper scissors which means
sadly Bosley cannot sleep in here Bobby
has to sleep in my dad's room but
there's no rule that says after my dad
fell asleep that we can't walk in there
and sneak Bosley
out so now my dad has no idea or maybe
you woke up I don't even know but Bosley
you're the type of kids that sneaked out
of their house huh Bosley are you gonna
purchase my apparel tell them how much
you miss them guys you guys miss Jackie
to all the comments say we miss Jackie
where she been I am lying but still I
think I think they miss you you guys I
really miss you like I'm like I feel
like I have in my like a conversation
with your eyes and so long is that
posture then can I just say like I'm
jealous of the boyfriends out there who
have girlfriends who don't show too much
skin because look at this this is
ridiculous Bosley we need to go get her
some covered up clothing this is just
embarrassing
guys I got caught while Jackie is
babysitting I use her Netflix account
and I never told her but now she's like
who the hell watched something about
Jail it was me no I don't this was
Anthony Anthony sucked over the other
night mine was but jail one but I never
told you she just caught me guys what's
it called its called Futurama I'll go to
the jail one there's this guy named
Gaskill listen I know by an episode one
there's this guy named Gaskill and he
got caught with like a million pounds of
meth and he's in jail I'll just say
Gaskill I watch a bunch of jail shows
cuz I don't know my future because I'm
sorry but Bosley does not look happy in
here Bosley why I think it's because he
has to sleep next to me and Jackie the
whole night so he has to endorse
things that he shouldn't be poor a fun
cute couple until it turns nighttime and
the lights turn off Bosley it's okay
you're learning young Bo I don't teach
him he learns by example
no but Bosley they do say that people
learn the best by watching and not by
words so you're learning young you're
learning so then you know the first time
you're going to go and and she's going
to be like damn Bosley how do you know
all this and then you could just give
her a wink and walk away about obviously
have to wear a condom I'm not saying do
anything without a condom
but I'm just saying so you could just
walk in do your thing and the girls
going to be like damn Bosley what the
hell oh good luck guys
I have no idea if you could see us right
now but I just want to say now that
jackie has for a new job I think it
makes these times that we finally get to
hang out how do you say it like intimate
I've never had a job where like I'm
working like 50 hours a week so now and
every time I see him I'm just like come
here the closer the better it makes like
I will not explain it but yeah I'm
harder I miss you I am back I with the
henchmen and back I was a pussy sure
Brandon likes actors look at this man
while you touch me I was intimate love
yeah then you turn off the camera baby
condi no no no I was easy we're trying
to go live some we can play some
basketball no but really nice Ben much
is my favorite time of the day at night
in bed put each other to sleep hanging
out after a long day of work for my
girlfriend and for you you were - a long
time so give yourself credit we are here
we get in it literally okay bye guys hey
all fun and games when Baga sleeps in
your room though because you got to take
over the mother duties when he wakes up
you have to take him for a walk and you
gotta take him to go poop hey son we
need to go back inside now son
it's dangerous out here come on no don't
stop them look at me
