pray God if you're wondering why we are
jammed out to any wall right now that is
because where we go and tell them
steady walk show a Brian why that's such
a lot of Kladno Fetty WAP is actually
come into our town tonight and we're
going to go see him and we're going to
be really close actually I love penny
mom yeah we are
god I'm so excited you guys know me
everyone tells me you know Randa why do
you still focus very well if you fell
off nobody likes me anymore not over
here
I like Betty well I'm super excited
Fetty WAP came to our city San Diego so
you know we have to go show support go
show some love and I can't wait the
whole day but whatever
have I been listening to the sendee web
deluxe album or how about this one have
you ever heard this one it's kind of
underground no really knows it but
we heard it I can't wait
very well we'll see you later tonight
and right now me and Brian are on our
way to our cousin's house because it's
not just me and Brian going by ourselves
we're going with a bunch of our cousins
so we're all going to meet up in one
house and leave together we're going to
wait for everybody to get there some
people are still at work
some people are still getting ready but
Mia Brian were so excited we already got
ready Brian let me see your outfit for
today let's see it okay Gucci colored
shirt okay so Brian's looking good
finally record mine I'm going with the
all-black I might bring a shirt because
I don't know if I like the all black but
so far as I pissed I'm looking good
brother man
now spin and shout out Kai's whoo I
honestly don't think I look good in all
black but my brother said he likes it so
we're going with what my brother says
guys you know what I love my mom no
matter how ugly I look she always hides
me up until now Liz good watch mom can
you tell me how my outfit looks whoo men
is black right sexy mama
thanks mom what are you guys oh my god
okay
very well we'll see you soon Dubai and
chance think we did play music all right
it's actually not a radio station from
the phone
if we can we oh really do you think I
could just play it quietly off my phone
okay thank you because they're about to
go see this guy in concert so I feel
like we need to listen to the whole
album before we go Fetty WAP the
one-eyed wonder you know who the f4 star
to the mission didn't tell you you know
what you know that love is damn big ol
people who some folks and crying a sorry
you get into it like what we can just
don't even know what I'm saying just
fuck it I hop in the shower then hop it
alert you to help in the shell we should
do it do well like Troy Bolton and
Gabriella you looking for me
Gabriella Vanessa Hudgens we're guys I
just want to warn Brian can I spend well
one time before like you're warm right
he's not a bit like he
Kelly would you seem like very well is
what you think he looks like like you
really did that man no way yeah not baby
monocle take your ready walking real
guys look right now I'm making by and
watch videos from the first time I saw
you apply the trick which I do back okay
guys so we're picking up some food for
Fetty WAP right now he's hungry man we
think he's hungry better have a big
performance yeah I don't want to be seen
yeah let him go he's too famous YouTube
famous whoo Holly something it was a
quick one no one could see Clan
I won't show you we respect people's
decision good afternoon wake when you do
a great Bob burger now guys I'm Jim
jockle
we picked food up for ourselves but
Fetty if you're hungry let us know and
we'll bring some leftovers and you
already know what's playing
I made clam place Betty walls the whole
time we're getting ready Mandy got we're
leaving to the concert in three hours
and I'm making them play all the way
till we leave who had the nerve to turn
the Fetty WAP off Brian yeah I forgot we
were going to a 21 savage concert oh
okay guys so Mandy saw me about to wear
my jeans over my basketball shorts and
she said Brandon do you want to go in my
room to change because she thought I was
going to take these off Mandy I wear my
jeans over my basketball shorts just in
case we have seven layers you have your
jeans your basketball shorts
yeah boxers your hair oh it's cut just
in case anyone's trying to play
basketball I'm always ready I'll take
the jeans off and we're ready to play if
anybody wants to fall out with Brandon
yeah yeah meet us at the farewell
concert if you're trying to get this
one-on-one
I finally got the Bluetooth and I play
train you up and Stephen goes who exists
because I love you love it I loved it he
said I love this song I never know if
any well I said bro you're going to see
him performance tonight we're about to
leave guys we're just waiting on Jessica
Jessica always lags but we're waiting on
it and then we're going to go try and
change the Fetty WAP no put it back
okay we're gonna fight hold me back call
me back
hold me back look very was yes that way
funnel no Trent like a state would why
do you get to London and you already
know when the sunglasses come on it's
time for branding to go out Jessica
finally both deal and I come out here
sunglasses at night yeah sister it's a
burrata sting hey shout out to Steven
he's letting me borrow his Gucci glasses
and hey we're about to go see federal
wait did you bring fighting off the
Marie Callender's yeah I got in my god
Jeff shell we both said you up a chicken
pot pie oh it's not the same I think
that the longer we're finally here
hey said he was still easy here
and Amanda has to dog no Amanda is
leaving before federal comes out we
won't marry
Oh
boy
heyyo we're done now Fetty WAP let me
just say Betty what was super dope well
I'm not talking to nobody I'm talking to
the loss squad I say shoutout to the
Balazs one row fuck you don't stop
hating never stop hating because it was
dope I just have to say he played one
point okay I will admit I'm a fairly
well fan I'm still going to use you in
my background is about I was a
super-short performing oh well we still
had fun that's the most important part
we still have fun
hey Jessica what do you think of Fetty
WAPs i love teddy wow i love video up to
yo guys so me and Brian just got it over
and I just flood it three in the morning
right now and I'm going to the gym to
play basketball at 10:00 I have to wake
up at 7 finish my video by 10:00 and
then go to the gym to play bass by 10
feet on Drogheda Luber at 3 and press
gone wrong no but we have a ever really
nice move natural rubber remember we
told you about our dog I am thank God we
told her we had a super fat pug named
Bosley our dog is he's really nice to us
rates really really well I loved it but
now I love him to death but he doesn't
listen I don't yeah I love him like
don't even because no I'm not making fun
of the Bob to sing he could be
downstairs in your upstairs and he came
al bossy
come upstairs and he'll look at you in
Italy without fucking believe in English
and he knows what it means
al Bosley when you watch this shit we
love we love you Bosley I just want to
say really quick if we still lived in
our old house we would have already been
there by now we just passed the exit to
our old house but I also moved into the
new house
we're still driving for like 20 to 30
minutes
I miss the old house so much Brian
admitted to miss the old houses old man
I'll do a lifetime overnight challenge
comes down with all the living my whole
life overnight in the old house but like
for me and my brother I didn't care like
obviously I just cared for my mom and
dad because why would my mom and dad
live in the house where they don't feel
safe so we pretty much like moved for my
mom and dad and now it's like I don't
know it's weird we're still getting used
to the new house and like enjoy it's
like a different environment but I don't
know how my dog is coping with it yeah
you got to take balls in your room last
time it's my turn
okay it was genres being more cool Brian
it doesn't matter we take turns
literally I put him on my band I know
you don't somewhat he jumped on your bed
last time last time he jumped on my
brother's bed and my brother's breathing
take him up take him all through the
July I get you - I'm not acting
brand-new hey guys he's such a lot you
know
okay well it's my turn Bob's sleeping in
my room but I must build for me with a
client why me and Jax would pet him and
we watch him while he goes subscribe put
him I would put him his own TV show and
he cry whenever he wants man I'll put
him on how do you know what he wants you
to speak English
no big Arab you like camel knowing just
you know you like animal plan while
being Jack right you would watch lion
okay well we take turns you slept in
your room last night now he's sleeping
in my room doesn't want you I'm going to
show if you do it Brian
oh yeah Jackie don't do anything now he
makes uber driver he's lying no would
you rather have sleep in a room of
someone who's single and sleeping alone
or was someone who was a girlfriend that
they like doing things that we don't you
don't want to get involved
yeah we're gonna do anything honestly
ever she's very very good-looking but
I'm not trying to say we do anything I'm
just saying she's good-looking I want to
show Bosley all the footage of Fetty
walk
I'm literally whites only one who y'all
are mistaken right you can sleep on the
bed with me and Jackie but Bosley
sleeping hard-wearing no no did my
brother he can sleep on the bed with me
and Jackie if you want honestly fine
when you watch this tomorrow
beat that exactly I told you you would
sleep in my big dog guys I waited until
Brian fell asleep and I told Ryan bet I
wasn't going to take puzzle in my room
but I lied Brian look at this please
you look so happy well guys this sucks
this really really sucked so let me
explain myself a little bit because you
might be confused so you know I had a
great time at the concert last night not
just seeing video album was one of my
favorite artists but I was when my
family was always a really really good
time to spend with my family my brother
my cousins everybody so I had a great
time last night and you know I came home
Jackie was done with a babysitting job
so she was over and I hung out with
Jackie a great time so I'm on Instagram
just scrolling through you know my
comments it's going through my comments
on Instagram and I see a comment just me
saying this I swear it hurts it hurts me
saying is because of what could have
been so I see a comment and the comment
says yo let me know if you're going to
the Fetty show I'll get you on stage
with us okay and you know I first Alba
yeah right this is the fake accountants
it's bullshit okay nope here's this
story he was on stage I saw him once
very well so there's steady loss this is
that guy's story right on save
okay so I don't have the notifications
on my phone where I see everybody's
comments they and they pop up on the
screen because there's a lot of comment
so I have that turned off so I didn't
see his comment until after I got home
and I hit him up right away I was like
yo bro my bad I didn't see your comment
I would have loved to go on stage and he
replied he was like it's all good bro no
worries next time I'll get you up there
and this just sucked because why did I
not check the freaking couple okay hold
on
so just think about this for a second if
I had seen that comment earlier before
we went to the Fetty WAP show I would
have been on stage with Fetty WAP and
his crew while he was performing what
like what could you guys imagine the
vlog what like let's not forget the vlog
because you guys just aim at like okay
hold on guys good sorry this is like
this sucks it absolutely sucks the fact
that I saw the comment after the show
and now before is just I don't know I
don't know that charlatan Save Darfur
even offering that opportunity and don't
get me wrong I'm extremely blessed to
even have an opportunity like this
presents up I'm extremely blessed for
someone to even be offering to take me
onstage and it's crazy to me maybe one
day again Fetty WAP will be back in San
Diego and I'll have this opportunity
again whoo no wasted opportunity all
because I didn't check my car I didn't
also shit I never used to check on
comments unless it's like before I go to
sleep so I don't I didn't check them
books guys I'm honestly like I was so
upset when I saw that and then like I
don't know and I saw him on the same
that's all I believed was real before I
even watch the story I thought you'd say
sour on stage so I believed him and then
when I saw the story it was even more
like God could you imagine I would have
got to me Fetty WAP out of the
non-stable I was performing it would
have been dope it would have been so so
crazy it just sucks that I saw it after
and I was really upset but hey at the
end of the day I had a good time at the
concert I had a really really fun time
with my family my brother had a good
time I was looking out for Brian the
whole time because I was its first time
out of
flats keep an eye out on Bryant yeah it
does suck don't everyone got upset but
hey missed opportunity maybe this opens
the door for something else
I don't know but man oh man this one
hurts the Turks I'm not gonna lie this
one does hurt anyways guys like I said I
had a great time I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
a lot of people at the concert were
telling me put your phone down just
enjoy Fetty WAP enjoy watching it I said
nah so I'm going to go see Freddie walk
back in concert
I want to vlog it for you guys and I
want you have to feel like you were
right there with me so I hope this vlog
kind of made you guys experience the
concert as if you were right there
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this video but what is I now I
really really wish not just for the vlog
but for myself I went up on stage I just
didn't see the comment but maybe next
time drop a like if enjoyed thank you so
much for watching
blog squad I love you guys all peace
