what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters and today I'm bringing you
guys a brand new video and what we have
here Rochelle what are these called
guys this is my mom's sister for those
who don't know how not know not fuck
they called figs so ROG actually picked
all these figs from the tree outside
where John where's Luna okay guys I'm
going to try to show you the tree they
have the scariest cat
every time you all crash it away so
infamous every time you walk past the
cat goes with his fangs or her fangs or
jazz she really outside okay guys so the
Jag goes up into the tree and she picks
all the figs and I came to get some for
my dad my dad loves the figs so we're
gonna surprise my dad at home with fresh
hand-picked figs a whole tray my dad
calls them fucks but they're actually
fig listen usually I'm not scared of
animals but Luna is scary now Raja
I think she's inside I swear okay I'll
find her guys last night I was supposed
to sleep in the room upstairs
but apparently Luna sleeps in they
didn't tell me so I said no way and I
went and slept in a different and I
locked the door because cats are smarter
so I feel like she knew how to open that
door
so Jessica tricked me she said I could
sleep in here and that the cat wouldn't
be here long ago I walk into Mona get
out please just leave her there I'll go
sleep in the other room I swear Jessica
just like to suppose the door with her
near and only but yeah I have no idea
where she's at Luna I have a mouse
wherever it I did she really opened the
door when I was sleeping yesterday I
told you guys she not open good thing I
didn't wake up I thought I had a heart
attack I woke in the hood she's under
Edra okay guys so she's under the bed
Luna oh my gosh you know when I come
here I need blood footage no no come
here you want treat my god she's so
scary
hi Juan so last night they tried to
trick me they set me up a mattress right
here and I walk in and Lunas on the bed
the whole time before I came a jac I
kept on Jessica wait just wait a little
sleep a million times she does not sleep
in my room Brandon she doesn't sleep in
my room I walk in she's on the bed and
they want me to sleep right there so I
said no I came in and I slept right here
with Jay what he's asleep I think
okay right yeah thank you for the figs
I'm gonna go surprise my dad with them
so we'll see his reaction
apparently that's it's his favorite food
or pizza Cara Jabba so yeah guys I came
all the way over get these for my dad
guys this is what I hate about living at
the new house when we used to live out
our old house Reggie's house was like
five minutes away from me and rejected
it the only person that lets get Jessica
lives here so I miss Jessica and then
also Jay lives here you guys already
know jury this house used to be like
five minutes away we'll
when I lived around here now I had to
drive 35 minutes just to get here the
one from being five minutes late to 35
minutes and then also you guys already
know fuck boy he lives right down the
street so his notes used to be five
minutes away ever since we moved with
way farther from my family but it's all
good we'll get used to it and now it's
time to go surprise my dad one two three
four five six seven eight pigs does I
don't like when people think that a
surprise has to be like some super
expensive gifts or some really really
huge surprise nice honestly even the
little things matter something like figs
that my dad's gonna be like oh how do
you not like see it's just like some
little things can even be the best
surprises oh shoot I forgot my freaking
driver's license shout-out to my dad
thanked me by my dad thank you but yeah
guys I know so many people that are
really really materialistic and they'll
be like oh you've got someone a surprise
how much money was it how much did it
cost
and honestly I'm telling you guys
sometimes the most expensive surprises
are not even good and the littlest
smallest surprises are the best and let
me tell you what it's not the money that
counts it's not how big the surprises
it's here it's the thought that counts
my dad's gonna be like damn I haven't
had anything so long that freshly-picked
you drove all the way 35 minutes away
you know you got them from your mom's
sister it's little things like that that
are going to make him super happy so um
yeah we'll go see what my dad thinks
about this he has no idea I'm here no
every time I Drive these streets it
reminds me of one we used to live around
here so many memories I lived here for
17 years and now we moved away this
feels like home this area feels like
home not where I moved every time I
Drive down here it's just like this area
feels like home to me in this shopping
center is where I worked not at Home
Depot but deep in there is that a
grocery store I worked there for almost
two years
over here is where I went to college for
three years just like everything here
reminds me of so many things
okay guys so we are home right now I
want to see my dad's reaction to the
figs I want to see a normal animal aka
Bosley and not the wild cat and I also
want to see my brother who was in the
hospital yesterday I talked to him on
that yesterday he's feeling way better
but I haven't seen him face to face
because when I was on my way to the
hospital
they told me not to come because they
were about to leave and I want to see my
brother sup fellas dad I have a gift for
you
hey Bosley the normal animal unlike Luna
dad we got fresh hand-picked kidney I
think that's what they called figs from
rojak fig yes from her trees handshake
red Josh said he would rajasahib I
closed it I would pick it but Luna was
roaming around so I was scared to open
the tree mom do you like me
not that I swear it's not a prank
rahmatan she does what I hate about
living in the allotted household I could
just tell right away from his face when
I gave him the thing he thought it was a
prank no because he thinks it's a prank
mom dad I swear to you also either
footage right now on the camera Roger I
don't think my dad would give them
without washing no prank for one you're
welcome Wow mom do you like them - oh
wait guess what guess who I'm seeing
tonight Betty wall I swear he's coming
to San Diego I know
rocking shoutout to you my cousin is a
huge study well fan but he's in Houston
Texas so I didn't even know he was
coming someone sent me a screenshot he's
in downtown San Diego normally yeah so
we're going to settle up tonight me
Jessica look I'm gonna try to get Bynes
chemistry feeling better I don't know
yeah yeah
knitting six million something guys my
brother his six melts in the hospital I
don't know I still that was go see him
six million 6 million 6 million B 6 min
week mr. six mil oh my gosh look at this
sick little bastard literally sick how
are you feeling yeah I'm just feeling
like a lot better feeling really yeah
guys last night or not even at night
like during the day I didn't even know
what happened my mom I just saw my mom
and dad whatever buying off rush to the
hospital and I don't know what did they
say it was like I think it was like too
much like anxiety and stress that does
one of the things and they said my
eating habit and then dehydration camp
no I know what anxiety and stress
because number how you just made that
video the other day about being stressed
and then you know you're about to hit
six mill like yeah I think like there's
so much like like going on at once yeah
right is it contagious here malaria no
I'm good I'm good guys like like I
literally just like collapsed at home
and then when I went they like quickly
got like an IV and like just like did
like a lot of tests and then they
released me later on in the night and
they just said like just relax and
nothing to be stressed about and I
realized like I put too much stress on
myself like there's nothing to be
stressed about so like I'm just going to
relax from now on and fine hit six
Milton docile I saw the picture of you
the six and I was just like oh my god in
the hospital that's like the alley shall
never forget it that's for sure yeah
I'll never forget that
but God don't worry where are you coming
tonight
Oh Betty walk baby Eddie walk Brian's
coming to Fetty WAP fine Betty what
makes everything better no matter if I'm
literally years get my head in this bed
all day and lets us just
like I could be like completely fine oh
my god I'm so excited guys you already
know Fetty well like my intro was fede
well when I first started youtubing my
background music but the background
music is probably playing right now
skiing so yeah guys I can't wait Brian's
coming thankfully Brian's feeling better
fine that's what I was like on the way
to Austin when I saw you with the 6n
balloons and then you got something that
you already gonna believe
so I'm like okay Brian okay Brian rest
up for tonight because I want you to be
again so we got Brian in on tonight it's
gonna be super fun guys
set you up I know is not the greatest
artist but I like video of you know you
know people have those certain artists
that they like and other people are like
why do you like this guy he doesn't make
good music that's that's fed you up to
me a lot of people when they find out I
like study well they're like bro why he
only has like feel for good songs I
don't know why I just like Freddy was so
I'm really excited to see seeing tonight
things going to be a ton of fun and now
that Brian's coming guys
I got something to say regarding
football season so you guys know me
Brandon aka robotics I'm always talking
about basketball no matter what it is or
who I'm with I'm always talking about
basketball but what a lot of people
don't know is I'm actually a big
football fan i watch every single
Chargers game and I used to love the San
Diego Chargers
before they got taken away to LA but
anyway guys football season is here
football seasons back pre season is on
and I should start talking about
football more because as much as I love
basketball let's face it
football is a bigger sport oh for those
that are not from this country because I
know I have a lot of viewers out of the
USA foot by foot ball I mean I don't
mean this I mean like American football
but anyway the segment I'm trying to do
right now is to answer everybody's
question I always get tweets I always
get people asking me yo Grandon you're
from San Diego
born and raised you live there your
whole life you've been a San Diego
Chargers fan for your whole life like I
said I watch every single Chargers game
me and my dad actually used to have
season tickets we used to go to the
stadium every single charges game and
watch San Diego Chargers so for those
who don't know they moved to LA they
moved from San Diego there's going to be
their first season as the Los Angeles
chargers same
aigo charges are done no more and I get
asked every day brandy are you still a
Chargers fan or have you picked a new
team living in San Diego let me just say
it's 50/50 there are half the people
that are like you know screw the
Chargers they moved from San Diego to LA
we don't like them anymore I'm picking a
new team or I'm not going to watch
football anymore I hate the Chargers and
then the other half are kind of like you
know we love the charges so much that it
sucks that they left but we're still
gonna rock with them we're still going
to roll with them and let me tell you no
one in San Diego is happy that they left
nobody's happy but you got to make the
decision are you going to stick with the
charges that they move to LA or are you
going to pick a new team and the reason
I have to answer this even though I get
the question every day is I didn't know
I didn't know what to do I was so hurt
and disappointed that the Chargers left
San Diego and went to LA that you know
there were times where I'm like you know
what screw this I'm not I'm not even a
football fan anymore
I'm not a football fan anymore but then
there were other times where I'm like
you know what I love the charges that's
my team Phillip Rivers Antonio Gates
I love it let me get this straight never
for one second did I say I'm going to
pick a new team that's just about the
type of person I am I don't know what
when I've cheered for a team before I
just I can never envision myself
cheering for another team so never for
once did I say all the charges left I'm
going to pick a new team know my
decisions were either one stop watching
football I was so mad at her that I was
just going to stop rooting for a team or
I would probably still watch the mobile
I just want to cheer for any team or sip
of the charges and I think my decision
as much and you know it's going to be
weird rooting for the Los Angeles
chargers I'm gonna have to stick with
them both you know I can't ever root
against Phillip Rivers I can't ever see
myself rooting against Antonio Gates
Keenan out it's just like I don't know
there that's my team growing up it's
season tickets watching all the game so
yes it sucks but they moved I hate it I
hate that they're not the San Diego
Chargers fan so Rocco did not have to I
have to I feel like it's not going to be
the same I'm not gonna be as passionate
but I can't just drop all the love I
have for that team
regarding all that and said oh my gosh I
was about to say the San Diego Chargers
the LA Chargers play their first
preseason game tonight against the
Seahawks I know there's a lot of
Seahawks fans out there so it's just
preseason but good luck to your team
good luck to my team I guess we'll take
god I just made that decision today just
today because preseason was starting I
like Brandon wake up you got to decide
are you just going to watch football
without following any team or are you
still going to be a Chargers fan and you
know it's not going to be the same but
at the end of the day I can't be rooting
against Phillip gates and all those guys
so I can't wait for tonight I'm going to
watch that game before going to the city
wall concert you know no any team leaves
my city I'm gonna follow I told you guys
it's 5050 here in San Diego half the
people are going to follow this and half
not feel bad for my dad cause it's going
to be boring watching football I love
the Chargers and I want seeing go
farther but the honors and her oldest to
publicity and stuff so when they take my
team I'm done yep see I told you guys 50
60 hours later 56 and why the Chargers
playing in a tonight what's going to
happen like well with Bob yeah we would
have barbecue is everybody when it came
over and all that with those bodies
yella gay baby no more billion dance
sports really like are such a big part
like I don't know that's crazy guys but
I feel bad for my dad it's going to be
boring watching football got a team like
no no incentive to root for anybody it's
a Sunday as a football as I'm watching
was yeah look at this guy this isn't
right to San Diego ownership who didn't
keep the team in standing on left to LA
it's football Sunday and you have my dad
watching freaking soap operas it's not
right yeah I don't even know who this is
that this is a riot you guys took my
dad's team did you at least enjoy the
figs dad oh yeah I love them it's
another now that you know it's not a
prank
dad I don't think you're supposed to eat
the inside my mom was telling you oh he
didn't look too happy yeah that's cause
he thought it was a prank
he was happy but that's what happens
when you live in this household
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh what is this
you couldn't wait for the website to
open you had to steal the samples
cause I'm just joking this bond sample
in case you're wondering this is my new
merch new apparel that does not drop
until a couple more days but remember
either Tuesday or Wednesday I'm not sure
exactly which day but either way it's in
a couple of days the new merch is
dropping I already had so many people
tell me that they love the design
they love the style so be sure to check
it out on Tuesday or Wednesday and copy
your own I hope to see all you guys
wearing it around your school or your
job wherever you want but that's a motor
right here we got two different designs
two different colors white or black and
two different styles is the first time I
came out with two different styles at
once usually it's just one and I feel
like that's just too limited so I said
let's do two different styles and we'll
see which one you guys like okay guys
I'm here to close out today's vlog now I
know it was something quick short but I
just wanted to go surprise my dad with
the fig and it's even better it's like a
double surprise because my mom likes it
too yeah so that's good and just check
up on my brother mom and I told them
don't worry I didn't forget to mention
how we used to live five minutes away
from her loud sad and now we live so far
my mom my mom was said about that - she
used to always be our jam house and
that's her sister okay so so yeah guys
just like it's short little vlog pretty
much surprised to my data update on my
brother and finding out that we're going
to fail you off tonight if you don't
have me on snapchat be sure to add me
it's just bruh waters my youtube name
that's my snapchat name I'll be posting
a lot of snapchat up 30 well dad in
honor of Fetty WAP one of the things
insoluble one of those evil I'll send us
cats outside tonight a video yeah easily
yeah you don't see it that's why I'm
saying we're going with it I'm gonna
solo una palsy soldier yeah you got the
tone right I don't know about the lyrics
Bosley say bye I hope you enjoyed and
other than that bodice I'm out
papa see how dad wants to do the
thumbnail where you want the feeling go
and I say next to you and the surprise
for Papa rod well actually just
we'll wait till after you cook it we
don't want the house to burn down here
to turn the flame on
