guys we're practicing how to be
enthusiastic when we do our intros
because you know sometimes us youtubers
we do our intros and it's just like hey
what's up guys and it doesn't really get
you in the mood for video games right
like this what is nothing but you're not
good at it
okay show me I do it okay watch today
I'll be a brand new fucking oh wait I
forgot out y'all you choose all about
age whatever young people YouTube
Brannon here aka the waters
Brian do an enthusiastic outro because
you guys are know sometimes box videos
he was on that figure here aka dude
again a joke
alright think you like saw no outro is
easy to do into yes because you so help
you finish your video but intro yeah you
told me to do a joke so you go like this
what's going on guys faze drugs here and
today I mean a brand new video hope
they're all having a great day today if
you're wondering where Jackie is she got
a new job where she babysits she
babysits like all a day so I'll be
seeing her a little less yes it does
suck it really does but I still get to
see her every night I still get to sleep
with her every night that's a good thing
cuz I sleep like a baby when I'm next to
her but yeah I do miss her you know I
used to spend my whole days with her
guys this is soaked yes keep going up
keep going up this is so crazy for my
brother he is 2342
41 I'm pretty sure I did that right 2341
subscribers away from 6 mil which is but
Brian I'm more excited than you well I'm
sitting here watching loves sub-county
while I'm like I'm editing my video on
one foot and then I'm watching his live
cell count this is insane when he hits 6
mil plug yes keep going up do it for my
brother when he is 6 mil is going to be
so crazy
and I just want to take a moment and say
that Brian I'm really really proud of
you and I'm not I've said this before
but I'll say it again even though you're
my younger brother and I'm the older one
I still look up to you in this whole
YouTube game you know a lot of families
they have a younger brother looking up
to the older brother and I'm sure Brian
looks up to me in other parts of lies
I'm sure he looks up to me in other
aspects of life but for the whole
YouTube game man Brian's killing it in
algaas and he inspired me I don't know
if he knows but he inspired me to be
better at what I do and you know I'm a
firm believer and people pick up habits
from the people that they're around and
what I mean by that is if you're around
people who slack off and they don't do
their work and they just they don't take
anything seriously then I feel like you
pick up habits of slacking off and not
taking anything seriously but I'm
blessed and I got lucky to always be
around the brother who takes you to
really really seriously he daily uploads
he puts his mind to what videos wants to
make and he goes out and doesn't so I
got really lucky because if I wasn't
around someone who had motivated as my
brother I don't think I would be as
motivated as I and so I'm glad to have a
brother who's as hard-working as he is
because I feel like that's where I
picked up most of my hard work at it
he's killing the game there's not many
people on earth who could say they're
about to hit six notes you know let's go
congratulate him Dan I have a gift for
Brian so where is mr. six middle or
should I say mr. 5.9 mil almost six mil
head as Rob I got a gift for you for
almost paying 6 mil he's really coming
here okay guys okay okay just watch just
watch just watch guys here if you don't
know bean boozled okay if I let me give
you the other gift first guys here's the
other gift when I went to the Bahamas I
got a dollar bill in Bahama money okay
I'll keep this okay someone to the
Bahamas next month so no way yeah for
what for fun are you really okay keep
that it's worth one dollar here over
there two million dollars so you can use
it here too joking guys okay buying for
hitting six No
yes okay fine I'll do it for you okay
guys there's a bean boozled all gonna
surprise Brian with one he's not doing
it so weird so I'm going to do one for
binding systems here you can pick the
color
please be blue please be blue you looked
yeah no I'm going to look good picnic oh
shit
Bobby what are you looking at either
Brian I know what it is you think you
have to tell me this is either going to
taste like a booger or it's going to
taste like pear go three two oh yes
awesome on you for more but but six
bills guys so they taste so bad
overreacting and overreacting coach
Allen Oh
how excited are you to hit six no excuse
I keep salami and what plans you have
for when you hit a six mil what are we
doing I have no idea like I no one has
mentioned anything I don't know if they
have something planned but for me do you
want over it where do you want to go oh
what'd you go to assembly and we have to
wait a couple months to celebrate
October though hopefully is then
hopefully by then I'll have seven new
private accomplishments rather thank you
man
Bosley was what your girlfriend left you
or what okay go father's been looking at
me some type of way this morning I think
he wants to fight me god no you know
what Brian I was going to go upstairs
and do this part secretly I don't even
care I'm gonna say right in front of it
because the prank is going to be so good
that no matter what you're not going to
see you coming Gus I get tweets every
single day saying when are you going to
get rubbed back for the snake prank and
not only the snake thing but the the
Haunted doll prank guys there's a reason
I haven't gotten back it but you hear me
right now there's a reason he hasn't
been praying back it's because it's easy
to think of some small prank you know
it's easy to think of something that
could be executed in a heartbeat it's
easy to think of something that you
could do any given time or day but I'm
going to get buying back so bad to where
right now I don't even care if he hears
me because this prank is going to be so
bad
but there's no way he could stop there's
no way you can see it coming there's no
way so it doesn't that it's I'm planning
something huge I don't know when it's
going to be happening I don't know what
is going to be executed but Brian enjoy
your little six little celebration enjoy
today enjoy tomorrow enjoy who knows how
many more days you have to enjoy but
just know that I'm gonna get you back
there's no way there's no way oh oh it's
going up there's no way that I'm just
going to be pranked by snake which in
case you guys don't know is my biggest
fear I hate snakes actually I love them
they're super cute but just not around
me so there's that and just Brian guys
for everybody who tweet me every single
day telling me to get Brian back don't
worry we got something in the works it
might be next week it might be the week
after but don't worry it's going to be a
huge print all right now turn exactly
whoa hey Chris I have to tell you
something
so you know how you said I made your
knife by answering your phone call well
I'll make your night again you're
actually in the water right now so say
what's up
both yes you're in the vlog right now
that's the broadside shot at my fucking
closing hey shout-out to Chris guys he's
been a fan for so frickin long and he
called me we were just talking on the
phone yo guys so for anyone confused you
know about that phone call saying who is
created who are you talking to
well Chris is actually a long long time
supporter of mine I'm talking it's like
I'm talking Kevin Durant's arms-length
long that's how long he's been a
supporter and so a long time ago he was
going through something you know I'm not
going to get into too much detail
because I don't know if you want to out
there on the internet but so I gave him
my phone number and I pretty much told
him yell if you want to talk about if
you give me a call and so he called me
and he was super thankful like you know
Brandon thank you so much for giving me
your number of all boss and so now he
calls me we just talked on the phone
from time to time and so I put him in
the vlog and his name is Chris Chris
shoutout to you thank you for being such
a big time support I appreciate it oh
and if you're wondering the apparel that
I'm wearing yes in case you guys missed
it for what is dropps
new merch this is one of the designs of
other designers downstairs I had my mom
and dad model it for my snapchat had a
lot of people asking me these are not on
sale until next week it's either going
to be Tuesday or Wednesday one of those
two days these will drop they will go on
sale but right now these are just my
samples I got them sent in I like them
they're going to be available in white
and black two different styles and I
hope you guys really do like them
because in a couple days these are going
to be on sale and I hope to see a lot of
you guys rocking this around around your
school around your job or a is that time
of day and I'm super super excited
because it is time for Jackie to make
her way over to my house she's finally
done with her nanny duties her
babysitting job and there's my favorite
time of the day I spend the whole day
without her now I go all day without
seeing her until nighttime so when it
comes to night
and it hits 90 M it's the most exciting
time of the day it's my favorite time of
the day when I get to see my girlfriend
you know she works eight hours a day
that's not easy to do eight hours a day
every single day and I don't get to see
her as much as I used to you know I used
to be with her all day by the way don't
let me wrong a lot of people think
because she hasn't been in my vlog or in
my videos for a little while that I
don't see her anymore no that's not the
case it's just that first of all I was
on vacation for a whole week so that's
why she was in my videos for a week and
then after that it's like she works from
12:00 p.m. until 8:00 so eight hours and
then she gets to my house like at 9:00
super super late and tired she watches a
bunch of kids for eight hours so you
know I don't want her to come to my
house and this the first time I see my
girlfriend all day and I just pull him
out all hated you know blah blah you
know I kind of wanted to relax I wanted
to spend a little bit of time alone
together just because I go the whole day
without seeing her I mean don't get me
wrong she will still be in my videos
obviously she's not getting cut out of
my youtube channel but it's just that
sometimes when she comes and we haven't
seen each other all day we miss each
other they need to be a little bit of
alone time she should be here any second
and I'm really really excited to see her
guys you know what I find extremely
funny and I didn't even know about this
until itself what do you guys tweet at
me oh hey mom I didn't know volaterrae
oh yeah thank you Brian you know what's
super funny I don't know if you saw my
video yesterday I brought back my intro
like just for one video I know but you
know what's crazy buying guess what
yesterday was my 679 three do six seven
nine mob what brought I swear I did not
know Brian look at me look at my face I
sweat in them people started tweeting me
like two different people does the song
obviously in case you guys know it's
called six seven nine that's the song I
use for my intro and then yesterday in
case you guys missed it hey dad why is
everybody here today
Oh dad what's my intro when I get it
this hold
no but dad you know what's crazy so that
song is called
679 that's a song 679 yesterday was my
679 video and I swear to you I didn't
know I swear in a while and that's crazy
guys I don't know people tweeted to me
at first I didn't believe one person I
thought it was photoshopped but then I
don't know that's crazy I didn't bring
it back because it was my 679 video I
didn't know it's such a crazy
coincidence
well checking downstairs since she loves
my mom more than she loves me she's
already hanging out with my mom okay
guys so to close this video out I hate
doing this because I hate asking people
for favors that's one thing that I hate
you guys already do so much for me just
by watching my videos you guys already
you know sit at home and watch my videos
when nobody forces you to nobody makes
you watch my videos and you guys go out
of your way and do it and I appreciate
that very much
and it means a lot to me that's why I
hate asking you guys for favors because
you guys already do so much for me by
watching my videos and supporting me and
you know being there when I need you
guys every time I tweet saying that I
feel down or every time just you guys
are always there for me so you already
do so much for me but if you don't mind
I'm asking you guys for one favor
so this morning I had 250,000 Twitter
followers 250k I also hit 800,000
Instagram followers both of those
accomplishments are crazy and it's all
thanks to you guys but there's one
problem I am NOT verified I do not know
and yes I know you have to apply
together if I don't worry I've done a
million times because every time I
mention how I'm not verified yet
everyone replies saying bro you have to
apply to identify I know that I do apply
and it gets denied I don't understand
why it gets denied maybe I'm not cool
enough to get verified as Josh Peck
would say I think has to be the coolest
I mean obviously a little blue checkmark
doesn't mean that much but it would be
cool to be verified you know I don't
even need to be verified on both I'm not
even asked to be verified on both even
if I get verified on 1 whether that's
Twitter or Instagram it would it would
be crazy cool and I don't know what it
takes
so if you guys want to drop a follow on
Twitter or on Instagram or hey if you
want to watch my snapchat I know you
can't get a very fun on snapchat or
maybe you could but you could follow my
snapchat I'm going to leave the links in
the description down below my Twitter
Instagram and snapchat if you don't
follow me already please be sure to give
me a follow I hate asking you guys for
favors but if you want to follow me then
please go do so and for those people who
already do follow me I appreciate all
you guys like I said every time I tweet
that I'm feeling down every time I need
something from you guys you guys are
always there for me so thank you so much
for your support I'm really - snapchat
in the description below now for
verification reasons but just because I
post a lot of funny stuff on snapchat
that doesn't go into my vlog so I treat
snapchat like a extra section or like a
behind-the-scenes section I do a lot of
things that I don't do it my vlogs but
anyways guys that is going to close out
today's video I apologize if you guys
think I'm asking for too much like Oh
Brendan wants us to watch these videos
and soccer ball ball I'm sorry that I
don't mean it that way if you don't want
to film you don't have to but anyway
guys thank you so much for watching this
video I appreciate all your guys support
cuz yesterday I tweeted I said retweet
this sweet if you love me and that sweet
got so many retweets look are you going
to surprise me with food I tried I think
did you have to come down no I fell
asleep when you texted me mom let's
sleep anywhere
Jackie I'd like a burrito please thank
you
okay so Jackie's bring me a burrito now
even have to accept it
everyone in my family like they support
me they do so much from that I'm so I
love it I swear but look I tweeted
retweet if you love me it got 2,400
retweets 2418 throw 2,400 people love me
I don't think Jax is too happy about
that
but I am you know I like to keep my
options open not just joking guys but
anyway thanks so much for watching the
video I do hope you guys enjoy and yet
know me and Jackie are not broken up she
just has a new job but a lot of people
they like to jump to you know
assumptions they like to jump to
conclusions before anything is said but
watch log I love you guys all new merch
drops in a couple days and thank you so
much for watching this video peace oh
wait what am i doing I just said peace I
mean peace
