yesterday
dude I've been in a hey everyone I'm
bringing Isaac random video I finally
just got back from vacation I was gone
for a whole week
Anthony it is fine well the cameras
Anthony I hate it so much
you look good up close come on you there
the camera without twitching your feet
on resume like this it's probably a
hammer to kill Anthony
haha what don't absolutely have one of
those funnybot sir what is going on you
guys eight bring 81 today I'm going to
bring video for those who don't know I
was on vacation for a whole week I'm
back home right now first of all shout
out to my mom and dad and I haven't home
right now so mom dad I miss you guys and
I can't even see you guys yet but I
think I forgot to talk to a camera like
magnificent shot any comments Megan are
we gonna mess you up
so guys I'm going to get back into the
group I need to learn how to edit videos
a man and maybe two because I forgot how
to do it but we'll be fine
anyways today we are going to the mall
wave phase Road Sherman's in Armenia
right now Sherman the Worman aka
I'm also long bike into a three-way vlog
we could do a three-way something else
we're about to go to the mall and this
should be fun
so Brian tell not to come all over you
home on me all over you homes is go home
guys you already know the first thing I
did when I got back to San Diego
it wasn't go home it wasn't come unpack
all my stuff
it was go get a haircut so first thing
we do when we get back from Miami
of course go get a haircut so sold was
on a month oh my heart oh my god oh my
god you know when I went on vacation for
one week I actually got a haircut the
day before so add that up the day before
is one day vacation for a week I didn't
get a haircut for a week in a day
I honestly that's a thing that's a
mortal sin for me not to get a haircut
for eight days I can't remember the last
time I didn't get a haircut for eight
freaking day and then we have the energy
feeling God although I didn't get to see
my mom and dad when I came back I did
get to see this little dude right here I
was so excited to see him last night
right after I got my hair cut I came
straight to this dude and he actually
went to sleep next to me she loudly come
on don't embarrassing on camera
come on Bosley act like we like each
other I miss you both look out loudly
give me one kiss
I don't think he knows who I am with the
glasses Grover but yeah guys I miss my
family a lot when I went on this
vacation I always miss my family when I
go on vacation time it's Brian Bosley
Jackie who I still haven't seen yet
because she babysits now so she's
babysitting I don't want to bother her
during her jobs and mom dad when you
guys watch this video I can't wait to
see you guys either
and sadly I come home to this fuck boy
wait come on come on man come on girl
we're friends right on camera do Anthony
this is how you say Bryan hurry up we
have to go in my language
Bryan yelling Adams dead that means
Bryan hurry up we have to go Bryan yella
all guys oh my gosh what's in this box
Bryan you said you don't know what it is
you think I know what it is but I'm
guessing I know what it is I think I
know what it is let me whisper you hold
on
so so I think that's what it is but
we're not gonna open it yet at the end
of this video you're going to get
rewarded by seeing what is inside of
that box and I can't wait to show you
ooh Brian I'll Drive I want to play my
music hey I didn't know yet all what no
no groove Oh
haven't you heard Millie groove oh yes
okay groove vote all in favor of grant
playing music Anthony cooking tonight
hurts rise again all in favor of me
driving so I can play my music looks
like you guys let's go guys look what I
bought from Miami for the plane ride
back this wasn't me on the plane are
back from hot dude you're hot I'm hot as
hell
damn you cocky PO stay humble Brian
leave the aux cord vacant
I'll play some Katy Perry Lady Gaga
Kesha bruh what is this I became a
million Rose today
John guys Brian's letting me add - up
next I love him okay don't look Brian
okay guys so we pulled up to the gas
station first of all bond I respect the
number choice you want with number one
obviously for Devin Booker course when
you put gas there's only one song you
could listen to it
pumping so we go phase right here you
know Gucci glasses he got the Rolex on
he got the ring he got the Gucci shirt
and then you've got the knock-offs
Pedro's the basketball shorts the
t-shirt and the eyes of me
sandals Brian I'm the store-brand phase
drug you're the real thing good guys
what I hate it on myself plus I really
didn't have a suit
I usually carry a screwdriver but this
time sorry I actually don't have one
guys my armpit sweat so much I think
it's a basketball team like if you play
a lot of basketball in your armpit sweat
okay so what about me acting a home
place years ago all Dave my are physical
right here's the csgo team you think one
of these would look nice on me I think
tall one like if I wear them without
shorts if I just wear them with the
underwear and they come all the way up
to here
fine you think those would look good on
me I don't wear shirt so I just wear
them with underwear I can make them all
whole imagine our surprise junkie with
those how turned on will she get seventy
five hundred honor what you would think
you could be say in the road jack you
already know where we're going it's
basketball shorts time full locker is
that the only thing I buy in my life I
don't know because I play basketball
every day guys I have a basketball
shorts addiction okay guys I was about
to buy earrings because I left mine in
the hotel when I was on vacation and we
turn around and look
time to take pictures even Anthony has
Pamela Anthony can I get a picture
Sherman so I went up to the ball got
tiger in the block to vote but don't you
ever think how crazy it is that like
timbala actually support us so much that
they take pictures
yes recaii that is pain I like metaphor
you know I actually like thinking about
that all the time like people actually
support me and Bryant like I don't know
if I keep talking about I'm going to
ramble off for 3 million hours so like
just keep it short and simple it's
actually crazy that's what I like
whenever you see it in public don't be
shy after being worth anything to me god
yes talking to you guys dining like
don't ever be shy we love doing that
stuff no I don't think there's got taken
a knee tonight Erica right so I just met
Erica how many times have I met you I've
met her so many times and it's all been
at this mall Brian I think she rented
one of the sorts of living we met here
like eight different times did you move
in here here god I feel so bad for every
supporter I met today because my armpits
actually then I'm in that bad you guys
actually I changed my mind I don't feel
bad then I'm in bad my net I'll feel bad
anymore happening yours aren't bad which
is surprising hey love yourself for
everything you're worth you got weight
you love it okay that's what I thought
look at me and Brian were skinny twigs
that's just as bad
how we could do a music video science no
shopping oh you got to show us the
Maternity stores okay guys so we just
figured out that Brian will be opening
the box with me that is for view
purposes for more views so Brian will be
opening the box for me to show you guys
what's in the box I'll open a fucking
box you'll see what's in the box so we
are about to go home right now
we finished our multip we actually
couldn't buy anything because we need to
race home and feed Bosley we forgot
about him we have a wild animal living
in the house and my mom and dad on
vacation so we got to feed him and we
forgot about him front we would not be
good parents no not at all
so yeah guys we're about to go home feed
Bosley got run over and then I'm gonna
show you guys what is in the box
hey yo shout-out LeBron James with the
world again for coming Bosley
don't worry Bosley we're coming he's
probably starving fat-ass okay guys we
are Anthony we are not opening the box
yet we're just taking the tape off
because anyone why am I not allowed to
put the notch in the video why all could
you look like Michael Myers license
eating look at your hair you're pale if
you're wearing all black oh my gosh
Anthony you look like Michael Myers okay
anyways guys we're only taking the tape
off right now we are not going to look
inside the box
but we have to take the tape off before
the part of showing what's in the box
because it takes me nine years to take
off yeah just leave it like that leave
like that
actually here and I almost sent my hand
don't look don't be all the things just
yeah just take the tape off so it looks
cleaner you know for the thumbnail guys
you know other youtubers have cut that
little part out oh you know we're taking
the tape off or you know where's all the
colors right here or you know oh Anthony
because it looks cleaner for the
thumbnail some youtubers would take that
part off but I like to leave you my
footage raw like I go in I like to leave
my footage raw I feel like it makes you
guys feel closer to us I feel like if I
cut a law out of my videos it's just
like I don't know I don't know if you
get what I'm trying to say it but I feel
like if I leave the extras or the behind
the scenes things like that I feel like
it makes you guys the supporters the fan
feel
closer to us like my family and that's
what my family is all about we want you
guys to think of yourselves as friends
and I think that's what little things
like that do animated you got the tape
off tomorrow
that means idiot or like donkey in my
language tomorrow if Anthony didn't take
the tape off now it would take it
literally takes me 30 years to take the
tape off play slice the water with it so
my camera my camera my stoop and my
challenge wait water no hot tub either
Brian played one oh I swear this hot tub
is 400 degrees family on vacation as you
can tell return we're having a huge
kickback a huge party mom dad I hope you
don't catch us sorry there's so many
people so many draw so much alcohol
nobody remember when we got caught in
the old house hold on ago look we even
got Bobby tomba poolside
you can't swim yet father they can't get
up poolside margarita loudly say what up
to the vlog bow no give it a cutie give
it meaning what
oh it's what yeah wait brain you have a
fat ass bruh thanks bro I got it from
Joey wipe that what did you order the
margarita cause Bobby's getting a bigger
or doesn't bother bog leave our
bartender for a while we have our two
Bosley now but really guys the Boxx
opening is coming for now we're just
shown in the hot tub you know just
having a good time let's give some music
Sun can't water on my camera and I like
being the center of attention I'm just
getting scared but we're having a good
time man don't you love family I love
love then anyways box opening or
unboxing whatever you wanna call it
coming up next
Brian this is assuming I know what this
is me assuming it is actually what I
think in the box
what is it small I know what if it's
okay well guys the Box opening hub
labels are the fucking coyote coyote
guys that's so scary we hear the Coyotes
every night and in the canyon or the
hill whatever hey guys well we were
having a great time in the hot tub and
if you're wondering why me and balls are
now inside is because you guys have fun
there hope you have the anti-venom ready
so Brian told me that a neighbor came by
the other day and
told them that he found two rattlesnakes
in his backyard the neighbor found two
out of six no I'm I'm out I'm never I'm
I'm moving out I'm not going to the back
door anymore I don't care you could call
me a pussy to call me a baby I do not
like snakes let alone rattlesnakes their
venom is one bite and you could die so
especially at night I'm not going snakes
have some shit like night vision or a
night heat vision whatever the fuck it
is but I'm not putting myself in that
situation hopefully they don't get bit
because I don't know how to you know
anti-venom and all that shit but I'm not
risking me or my baby Bosley so I
brought balls inside I'm sorry Bosley I
think you're having fun outside but we
can't risk anything both coyotes the
snakes what am i living in a zoom don't
switch on me not be sin we need up our
island drum roll please okay only that
I'm waiting for I've been wanting to
show you guys it fried this is you know
I'm gonna peek I have it's going to be a
16 awesome but you're leaving it in then
this whole video kind of like oh not a
waste but whatever no way oh my god over
here yes super okay look set my blue
change okay guys well now I'm super
excited to show you guys it dick has
been much much awaited using waiting
this video to see it with that know I've
been waiting to do this for you guys for
soap where you can't long and it is
finally here and just it couldn't have
been out of perfect time because do you
know what released earlier this morning
do you know what drop the Phoenix Suns
brand new jersey the stuff got a new
design and everything in that drop today
so what a coincidence that this came in
today no it's not new Phoenix on jerseys
but it is I got this three oh shoot
now this is something that so many
people have been asking for for so long
why oh but I'm seeing the Hollis I know
you have to buy Mickey but so guys show
us more I got this sewed shut y'all and
for what it apparel right CEO what the
fuck think look this one and they in
that a little pop another pocket Eva so
me where I should be and under that has
this you guys call her honey okay guys
you know what pause from the apparel
opening really quick since I'm already
surprising you guys with bodies apparel
I'm a little surprised you guys and
throw in my old intro for everybody that
waited this deep into the video to see
my surprise of the apparel you deserve
to get the old intro this intro brings
back so many memories and there's a
reason I'm shooting this part with my
old shitty computer webcam that's on
purpose it's because when I used to have
this intra I used to record so many of
my videos just with my computer webcam
and it just brings back so many memories
of when I first started YouTube and who
was rocking with me from the beginning
you guys have been bit I get tweets
every single day saying Brandon please
put back your old intro please about
your old intro well for one video for
one part right now here is my old intro
for you guys for those wondering I have
only released apparel and once or twice
in my whole entire youtube life I don't
know why I was lying all the time like
on it but I finally got on a call and I
get it you know on your skin how many
tweets I get daily saying for what if
you have apparel why don't you have a
pair of all bought I don't know why but
I finally got a dump for you guys and
this isn't the only color there's going
to be white and black and just I don't
know I like this guys this is it's like
I guess it's like it is basketball teams
but at the same time you could also wear
it out even if you're not a basketball
fan that's what
it looks interesting I made sure to tell
my manager that I want the design
basketball themes for those who like
basketball but I also want it not too
much basketball team in case I wanted to
be yes in case some people didn't like
that because I know not always my
basketball I really do hope you guys
like this we spent a lot of time trying
to design and sell a lot of time digging
up different content these don't only
some of the styles and I don't know I
just hope you guys like it is also live
show you guys every time you think
they're sick yeah I like that and
remember there's also going to be why
there's going to be different styles and
I was so tired to show you that every
time someone tweeted I'm happy why I
don't have a pair of I wanted to tell
you guys there is something in the works
I wanted to say so bad but I was good at
keeping this a secret I'll did I keeping
it a surprise
actually some people that I met in
public like when I was go out and meet
some supporters they would be so nice
now I'm like you know what guys let me
show you my secret and I'll show it you
there when I was still working around
with your time anyway I'm so glad that
this a bit for those wondering where you
can purchase these the website actually
still is not open I know what a build-up
and then savages but it should be open
sometime next week whether it's Monday
Tuesday was it will be open sometime
next week
I'll obviously announce it in my video I
will tweet it out post on Instagram on
snapchat you guys don't have any on any
social media I will leave my links down
in the description below I really really
hope you guys like I like under logo
that I feel like that I don't know I
really like to design and everything but
you ya know they're super nice and the
material to like yeah it's super good
high quality thing he's honored thank
you I really hope you guys like them
this was my whole time I just want to
show you guys finally here it is let me
know what you guys think in the comment
section down below
other than that this video is coming to
a 10 I hope you got enjoyed every single
sector that's right cool yeah one form I
hope you got enjoy every single second
of this video if you did between
be sure to drop a freaking life let me
know what you think about the apparel
let me know how you like it and
subscribe if you're new drop a like if
you enjoyed crime
I like the hoodie audience where the
hoodie is my favorite this one's cool
especially the back kid even put it this
one's cool class where the hugging my
favorite God look oh all the tried
really wrong to love this one this
Sagami just lock them all you're
available
okay everybody I was going on foot
please try to drop like subscribe if
you're new I can't wait to put these
officially on sale
finally a parallel I get asked every day
it's finally here oh I love you guys all
peace peace min you know I'm ending it
