okay guys I didn't get this on the vlog
but it was the funniest thing ever so
Ally plane called Kamal his cousin he's
in the other room and he's like hey we
got a noise complaint evolvable yeah he
said name is Gustavo today I do the
voice how'd you do it the results we
will find this man people tell me go
make a little noise
so come on believed it and he's like all
sorry okay but Ali didn't say two notes
complained to calm all through all he
said the noise complaints for this room
under my cousin were Mel's car yeah so
charge yeah and so he told him that his
card is gonna get charged and so roll
Mel just called him and he's like only
you guys need to keep it the fuck down
the fuck that's just called and said you
guys are being too loud I was like
unless you want to pay for another
follow ball you better keep it down so
right now we're going to prank call
again and say that it's another noise
complaint
should we do it now or okay we'll wait a
couple minutes well the fact that they
believed it
to make sure to say broken glass and
banging on the walls okay guys so we
figured it out what you're gonna call
right now we're going to say that
someone complained saying that we were
making glass and banging on the wall or
Mel's gonna fucking yes it was they're
gonna charge or yeah either we're
addicted or they're going to charge
and my man is Gustavo different from
this yes so the people in 310 came over
and they told us at 309 was banging on
the walls and there's some broken glass
hello hello yes so there's some broken
black and people were banging on the
walls the couple came down complained I
don't know what we're going to do but I
just talked to my boss and he told me
they all gonna have to pay for another
room or y'all guys can't stay tonight
because of the broken glass and the
banging on the walls okay let me go
second okay I'm gonna go in there right
now got a shower
oh okay cuz did banging on the wall so
you better go talk to your boys in 309
and then you come see me otherwise y'all
can stay here for the rest of the time
y'all here okay okay all righty
okay I'm here good week I'm entre
medical nobody big I wish we had to go
find your sister Angela Frank
motherfuckers started poor we should I
put me oh wait right hey I can be with
you man I'll get a good boy came we
might have been banging on the wall a
little in every class
water bottle yeah we're gonna walk say
at the TV but in break how they here is
so mad as along hey I want remote to
comfortable bells Wainwright
oh the reason I love the person I didn't
do oh really oh you're such a good mood
and then we'll sit down front desk how
they come here imagine a goes straight
to the front desk
oh my god then we really get kicked out
yeah why don't we see them for the
people we're going to start yelling and
making a baby remember stolen come do I
did not know it's me goddamn ID say hard
oh yes gold bikini Stan thank you I
don't fuckin know stop Brody's
collection a lot play and make you smell
smoke in you dip it sandwich I haven't
done card where'd you get the frickin
door well I'm not going to even do that
anymore
ready broken up no don't come you got
something up doors now we just do the
water balls
okay well the kicking us out right now
yeah yeah right sort of God watch the
figure of both without water
Roman glad gets banging on the walls
they don't know he was dumping on them
I'll be making a fucking video we got Al
sure I know he's fucking lies right now
is booked without you plane you sweater
they were starting a lot a bit why they
called a what did you wanna cuz there
was a little bottle Oh what do they
think they involve do you know how to be
brief glad you're throwing this out you
broke glass so that you just going shit
what you hit the fucking water on the
beach letting people out what I go talk
to
now are you aware I wasn't coming for
outer space but I want to come wait oh
come here we're trying to talk to them
oh I'm gonna go talk to them here come
here
oh oh ten bucks yeah hey go hey do the
boy stupid boy to the book I read super
solo
Alejandro it's not real oh my good luck
okay thanks
bojay George please I really thought we
already know he knows of the fact that
you believed it we didn't record in the
beginning we just did it for fun we
didn't you're going to believe it I was
even on the floor out from all social
strata Carcassonne we'll go tell them
right now right here Sony is stressing
over my fucking calls and not and we
played it off game when they were like
you're getting kicked out we're like
what do you mean no we're not Jordan
we'll look now you really don't worry I
know Jordan woke up from a nightmare I
called it room I fucking have to do this
shit
whoa mall did your car get charged now
just tell me what you're going to tell
Gustavo we're going to blame on ollie ah
don't worry have editing program I'm
getting going on always scared me get
her freaking I was on a phone call with
a customer he tells me I'll leave this
mess fucking charges sir let's get a
room and she likes oh well I was dying
to the Comal boys you know come on juicy
tough macho when you hear this all
here's a provoked this trouble is sorry
Gaston well you know go tell them right
now
come we'll stop doing it always oh my
god I was so funny I wish we got real
Mel's the first phone call after we gave
him the first warning Romel called all
eat he's like ollie
we'll talk with your problem sobbing
loud and always I all we're just trying
to make a video and I was like make it
quieter we're getting kicked out a few
in Miami's beautiful look
I mean San Diego has super nice weather
too if you don't know that's wrong I'm
from San Diego what the view is so I
went to a Miami Heat game but the
basketball season isn't on right now huh
not if you take something stupid I mean
look at this caveman no Forks I think
wow
I just read my shoulders the fuck okay
what is it both what point is it sitting
here I can't envision a better summer
than Miami staring off into the beach
with Romel nice leather and just oh no
remote makes this whole trip you know
polar bear finally woke up from the nap
we were missing you so our son of well
Miami's a beautiful city you know we're
from San Diego so we have a beautiful
city yourself
Miami is very beautiful what do you
think is howling out my hand you the
most beautiful thing I've ever seen the
woman look at the ocean which frees the
club but I'll tell you this thank you a
woman out there is going to be top of
the line lurks a woman in South Beach
please come and take a look at these I
bought them all yet back to go to the
beach every single date like Lovelace's
what do you think of this city
you missed the gym though ha J what do
you think of this city la I got a lot of
love you like the city alright not bad
don't let Brian see you're sure you'll
snatch it off remote what do you think
of this city honestly my favorite seeing
the most now more that's it you like it
more than San Diego through the gym well
we we all noticed on this vacation
we are rotting away our lives at the gym
we spent so many hours a day playing
basketball when we could be living live
but we all know that none of that's
going to change we'll be back at the gym
right when we get back to San Diego
playing basketball
I missed the basketball court le fitness
we're getting like well we got to go
back I'll be - with no money we're going
to start playing basketball and Holly
will practice for 10 years at his house
secretly before he shows it to the gym
playing bad you say what up to the vlog
yo guys we just met a fan I'm gonna go
get his name he wants a picture so I'm
coming up for a picture what's your name
bro binder yeah nice to meet you both
what about my guys he said his friends
watch my videos too so shout-out to you
guys what's her name their names are
David and early gaben Ryan yep a
shout-out to you guys
hey top secret Jay wanted to post a
picture on Instagram he looked really
good and then he was like oh wait I
can't post two straight selfies
back-to-back and yet has a big
collection of photos together you got to
love yourself bro and don't post to
selfie six eight ten you I love yourself
when you look like this you got to love
yourself bro some people are made of
twigs like me we essentially look at
this I'm gonna cut show them your bank
I'm a human swings I learned about
yourselves the muscle definitions it's
not I got back all he has hi Justin has
muscle we all love ourselves
come on hands back - come on back
triceps Kylie Jenner sure hey so we just
got word pay-per-view Rome all verse
come on too heavy heavy weight to heavy
weight and that's like McGregor are your
keys honestly I got my money on come on
he he got his fat not now he's trying to
piss you off he's not taking this match
seriously who you guys getting a fight
near penises we get it oh I mean okay
let's go a little freaky before look Jay
might have a little more speed I don't
know what to see that for another day
Oh who wants a fuck I wanna cool the
polar bear knockout I'll leave a bear
roll you and Kamal TLC match oh no me
and you
oh I got my money roughly three to one
oh okay I want anything
1:56 all your d6 plus 288 4 so for those
who don't know cousins brothers family
loser
okay so now that we know everything is
charged to roam elf card there's some
jellybeans here there's drinks here if
you guys want any hey we open some like
gummy bears and all the dyes that
straight okay I don't have them both and
the last one we feed to the motherfucker
builder not we all ate one okay Ollie
show so much love the brats want
anything that best friends well done
that supported how we going to do the
best brother my brother I love you
packages motherfuckers I love you both
you know many times on this cruise I
went out on the cruise anymore but on
the trip all the way I would take a
bullet for you bro and I said right back
at you both we thought we were close and
best friends before we slept together
for seven days imagine after this trip
I'm going to go home or go home are you
sleeping boss job team you're gonna
sleep next to Jackie wake up and look
for me and you're going to realize how
much you miss me
almost like Victor Jackie being one of
where's all they vote not to joke and
Jackie I miss you so much funny now he
does miss he's been talking about you a
lot there you have it there you have it
Jackie
I'll be your a good weekend brought in a
I'm just joking you've been friends for
17 years I know what you're thinking
Nora thinking when you spend the night
with seven four six six nine seven eight
something else thank God so we learned a
few things evolving during this trip
called the birth date or learned a few
things about good or bad good Hey
there is millions invested to revive me
and Jordan have the best friend since we
were seven me and come off the bed
fences what did you come to my house and
they got them all the snaps my third
grade fifth grade it's always like 1011
Mironov and best friends
he didn't signing it on me till he found
out was a youtuber so I am hit a hundred
thousand subscribers that's when I
thought oh let's go Joker well mother
you should come to my house all the time
when we were like 10 okay how old were
we you didn't even wish to love us one
put it we played basketball together you
pass me the ball like ollie
we just saw a basketball while you take
you up though you're fake and you see
how acting well we just saw it back what
happened his arm was around me and right
when the camera came on he took his arm
off
hey okay tell them what we saw be some
people play 505 castle they were running
games for their player play outdoors I'm
science so I don't play outdoor theater
but we haven't played in so long just
give me the fix head right you're sick
man no you are - bullshit multiples we'd
love to move in I'm taking pool why
don't you let's go play basketball I
know guys so we just met another
supporter and he changed his shoes to
take a picture because you want to match
look whatever okay thanks the one leg
Miami ollie look at this
go ahead so in log this is this is a
rare thing because it is the only
Phoenix sunset that's ever been in any
place wherever everywhere I go they
don't sell any Phoenix Phung oh do you
think they're going to have a dragon
bender Jersey it filled my heart it
makes you feel so warm and makes you
want to cry when I see Phoenix Suns here
out in public
oh my gosh another one I want to cry
this is amazing I love you know I love
this store so much
okay that's home about finish editing my
video
everybody's so sleep okay no this isn't
it work wait I gotta do my outro but
everybody is still sleeping I don't know
why I wake up so early
oh wait yes I do it so I could get my
video down for you guys because I love
you guys and I love my friends and my
girlfriend and possibly my family in the
Suns you know what it's time to make
moves it's time to check out it's time
to go to the airport it's time to get
back to my family would off time for the
sleep shit Holly hmm a shout-out to come
on it's called it's time to get up
shuttle to look waters all in the water
for the world tell me why I had to sweep
up the polar bear this whole trip I had
no room to move I was sitting on the
edge I had one centimeter of space a
good cuddle buddy boy oh it's time to
get up Holly I would go awake JK stop
I'm not trying it knocked out that's a
dangerous that's it yeah I'm not going
anywhere me in there I'll take a people
the elbow okay guys I can finally do my
outro in peace because Bruce Lee will
cause on top so we haven't come from
behind knocking me out for waking him up
I just want to say thank you so much for
watching today's video my voice is gone
what time did we sleep last night only I
think we slept at 6:30 a.m. 6:30 we
weren't even in the room by 6:30
I thought was 6:30 Allah knows how much
oh man I look rough on camera sorry and
what time did we sleep last night 8:00
we want to see like it hey it was like a
boys it's time to check out it's time to
go home move away from home for so long
we got families we got pets we got
girlfriends we need a sauna
I really need a month pass out we we
need to sauna LA Fitness we need the
basketball to our elephant we just need
to go back home
honestly I had a ton of fun this
vacation it couldn't have been any
better imagine God's you being with all
your best friends planning we planned
this trip for so long and it finally
happened
honestly at the time of my life I have
the most fun I ever had you the most fun
I've ever had with my best friends at
one time and a different place it
couldn't have been any better that's it
and I think we get to speak for
everybody everybody was telling us like
this was the best time of their life
yeah one of the best times that it was
crazy one what hey my god we had a ton
of fun but it's time to finally go back
home I can't wait to be back home anyway
thank you so so much for watching
today's video
oh and I try my best to upload every
single day while I was on this one-week
vacation but I missed one day I think
was a couple days ago so I apologize for
that other than that I got six videos up
with the help of my mom and dad for one
of them anyway drop a like if you
enjoyed this video drop a like for raw
melon kamal and gustavo who still go
call them tell them it's late taking a
late check-out I tell them they're
getting a late play fee I tell them that
30 mins over we're getting lazy a man is
Gustavo from the phone desk man listen
you guys are late from the checkout and
uh you're gonna have to come down we
charge you Sonny for those who know
about that I love this shit energy up
like if you enjoyed this video please
subscribe if you're new and I can't wait
to bring you guys videos back with my
family I gotta remember how to do this
whole YouTube stuff I forgot what making
videos of the family and being at home
feels I forgot I get back I love you
guys all peace
