finally finally we're back not really
back foot up what up Jen you look good
so we're finally back from the cruise
our three days of heaven heaven
craziness you'll see later on in this
video and you could judge what word goes
along with our three-day vacation is
showing us stuff in our video I'm
putting look guys the reason all these
so shocked is because I actually wasn't
supposed to upload today I wasn't
supposed to put a video out because I
didn't think I had any footage and then
while they were sleeping I woke up early
and I went through my phone and there
are little bits and pieces of our best
moments from the trip and I'm going to
kind of put together like a montage and
I apologize if they're not you know full
screen or if they're not it's not like a
flaw this video is not going to be a
vlog it's just going to be random bits
and pieces of the best moments of the
trip and I honestly think it's going to
be really fun to watch because I've
never done a video like this so like my
phase I just thinking about it
look you don't even know which parts I'm
going to put in you'll see we had a
really really fun time we had a crazy
fun time but right now we're still in
Miami we got one more night one more day
in Miami but it feels good to finally
have service again I don't have any of
like a thing we can't live without
cellphone three full days without
service we were stressing I was trying
to get videos up I was trying to tweet
to you guys and it just wasn't working
if you're wondering where Kamal and
Romel are it's almost 2:00 p.m. and
they're still sleeping guys I'm not
gonna lie I miss my mom I miss my dad I
miss Bryan I miss Bosley only says you
miss bhajan I miss Bosley terribly
Bosley hope you're doing well and of
course Jackie guys ever since me and
Jackie started dating two years ago I
haven't gone a whole week without seeing
her so I missed I'm not gonna lie I
can't wait I go back I can't wait to see
them tomorrow my mom and dad made me a
whole video I'm not sure if you got to
check it out
it was yesterday's video I was stressed
I was like mom I can't get a video out
and she surprised me with my dad so
thank you to that mom dad when you watch
this I watched the whole video me all he
just we all watched it we liked it we
loved it thank you so much for doing
that
Bosley I'll see you soon Brian I'll see
you soon anyways what you're about to
watch is the past three days kind of
summed up in
I don't know one or two minutes and I
really do hope you guys enjoyed we had a
great time J bring bring it to the
section you got dude it to the camera
you know the youtubers and enjoy Brandon
stop don't do this right now
why I'm going on oh my god I'm coming oh
god I swear look my luggage no bow I'm
here I'm ready
no sleep are we still smiling no sleep
but we made it
Miami were here Ali's but we came all
the way that way for no reason and now
we have to go that way it was damn
she want to get married in there but I
can't think of things don't wear no way
Oh
Krister Jerry Tycho get it don't make I
know no one's gonna believe me but I
swear on my pages will come as Bruce Lee
would clear was a face both
saying that it feels right
god this is so stressful all year just
to give them how's the survey for the
connection on this boat
I can't even send someone a two-second
snapchat that's how bad I have in a
picture little bit of a picture it's so
bad you can't send text messages snaps
you can't get on Facebook Instagram we
don't think Liam Wi-Fi I bought the most
expensive one Fox is not want to upload
for you guys on this trip there's zero
chance love even a snapchat let alone an
upload it's literally impossible to
upload a whole video I was really really
frustrated I was really upset because I
wanted to vlog this who doesn't really
holding fun I found my best guys all day
today I was stressing I was trying to
text my mom the text what I'm really
going through I'm all just trying to get
a video done and it just wasn't working
I even went down to guest services and I
was like yo and they were just like I
never paid a bunch of money for a
premium and they said that the satellite
on the ship is just really bad in the
middle of the ocean which is
understandable it's not their fault all
the others in the rooms trying to find a
way to get this video uploaded and it
just want to working I was trying to
tweet you guys saying that I'm not able
to upload because the service is really
bad and the tweets were barely even
sending so I don't know guys I'm sorry I
feel like shit but I tried my best I
tried to get a video out it it just
didn't work so I'm gonna do what it did
everything I can get videos the Bahamas
Bahamas anyways guys we're going to
enjoy the rest of our night I think it's
time for me to go out and have some fun
because all day like I said I'll just
stress trying to get this video done
there was no way I feel bad I feel sorry
but it's time to have some fun I'm here
with my boy and we're going to glad you
came bread and he surprised us until
this day we're still surprised we keep
saying it every single day every single
day we're out hanging out bro
you're harder even here how did you even
get here only what time have we went to
sleep every night ah let's just say our
sleep times around 8 a.m. yeah one of my
I plug that 7 and oh yeah this is the
room and here's the homeless
oh my gosh they're here guys whenever
this part goes up in my vlog because you
guys know I have no service here just
say what a what a my hair's messed up oh
we got Bruce Lee in the bank no hi
this videos going to go off whenever we
get service but we're recording it right
now
guys I hope you enjoyed last smiled
endings from watching that like little
two-minute clip I showed all these I'm
touched some touch this was the funnest
trip I've ever had and then this I can't
even put into words it really was the
greatest time ever yet let me just say
we've all been best friends for so many
years or two I would jiggle
oh of course I'm shirtless in Bruce Lee
so we've all been best friends for so
long and we've like never been on a
vacation like this we just go on
vacation with family and stuff like that
so this trip really like it really made
us even closer than we thought we were
but shout out to Miami is been super
dope to us I met a lot I met a lot of
fans on the cruise and I also met a lot
of families walking around here so thank
you guys for showing so much love and we
just met hey hey whatever no we got
Daniel yeah okay with a notification
squad in a hug I really think we went a
little too hard on this vacation in
three days three full days how many
hours did we got probably six hours of
sleep in three days well what about the
last night how many miles a minute
the last night I probably got to be
honest maybe maybe 15 minute we're
jealous of all these 15 minutes because
of those everything really reckless but
instead of Los Angeles it should be
Miami Holly got 15 minutes of sleep last
night lucky we got zero we stayed up the
whole day yeah that's why we're like
fits right now we're all dead and
everything but I had one last time mom
dad I appreciate you guys making that
video for me it came out really cool
right now we're all you're learning to
brush your teeth and wash your jeans for
three days
whoo now that the cameras on diversity
okay so right now we're going to go wake
up Kamal and we'll know they're sleeping
in their own room because they're the
two dirtiest volunteers so they just
stay together I'm apologizing we're like
the footage or the montage was all in
weird screen because I didn't think I
was going to be uploading a vlog so it
wasn't like full screen good morning
we'll know we miss you last night except
what I do okay I just want to say did
you have fun on this vacation
he came hey Rochelle he forced me to
come he literally every feel a day when
I thought I wasn't going Randy better
come here comes gonna be so fun hey wait
come all come all did you have fun the
past three days
okay guys so as you can tell it again
will melt and come on might not be in
the mood because we didn't get any sleep
at all so that was awkward
Ollie pop the ollie mount come back new
room
I seem to get my phone
but there's only not only came back I
swear for this level
shut up ahead if you shut up I don't
have you're going whoa oh my god I've
been knocking ball come in come on
getting getting getting well I'm an
idiot I've been knocking so hard out
screaming Ollie pop ollie
nothing on the door imagine someone came
out I was recording to is I've been a
good time on something it's not typical
all these unless you brushing your teeth
listening to zine zeem Afghan music
let's hear it I got to get far what do
you got under here on the side to go but
you're wondering why those pictures of
me and Romel are from so far away and
they look all professional well as
because well oh just me wait which way
that way okay definitely well that's
because
oh my god
God you don't know how long it took me
to convince Romel to get on a
professional photo set and take a
picture book he doesn't I was refusing
for 45 minutes
that's why that's why space is so funny
here but you guys don't know rebelled he
refused to even take a one second
snapchat the fact that I got to take
professional picture I told all the I'm
like bow I don't know if I'm going to
buy the real one so go secretly take
pictures and say I need that this
picture shows that a picture's worth a
thousand words a million or a million
look hey okay guys the clothes video did
you have fun yeah I'm glad I came I
swear I was thinking I was going to come
I'm so glad I came guys thank you so
much for watching this video I got to
get back on the daily crime it's going
to feel weird getting back into filming
and editing and you know going seeing my
family I haven't seen them in so long
Jackie - it's been a whole week and I
can't wait to go back and see them I
think I forgot how to do YouTube I
forgot to edit and I forgot how to tell
I got to get back to doing it gotta get
back to playing basketball and how bad
do you think we're going to suck at
basketball we saw an assembly bad a
whole week of now playing we usually
play every day
but anyways god I just want to share
these moments with you and I hope you
guys enjoyed drop a like if you did
subscribe to our new other than that I'm
going to enjoy my last day here before I
go back to San Diego and until
tomorrow's video he saw guys
