yo guys it is 303 in the morning right
now we cannot wake up the hibernating
grizzly bear I am working on my video on
Shoop 80% my laptop's gonna die my
birthday on vacation here in San
Francisco but just as from vacation does
not beat the crime stops
I need to be awake at look at that 7:30
a.m. there's a basketball shoot around
and I need to be awake so I need to
finish this fast and get some sleep the
grind never stops whether you're on
vacation whether you gotta be up early
no matter what you gotta do you always
got to find a way to get your work done
I'm a firm believer in that
I knew this for you guys I don't make
videos so that I could sit at home and
watch them myself no I do this for you
guys and I know Dennis is hella
comfortable right now under his sheets
probably dreaming about some beautiful
sunset penning Bosley you know awake
bright and early and look what's right
in front of our hotel Levi's Stadium
where the 49ers play that's where
Richard Sherman's going to be playing
the season while you play for the Niners
because you already have the NBA
contract right yeah so but you're gonna
try out football
yeah damn I wish all the multi star
athlete like Dennis hey Dennis get used
to walking without bumping into people
because in a couple of hours this place
is gonna be crazy packed but later in
this video when I show this you're not
gonna believe it's the same place it's
gonna be crazy packed
oh my god so many shoes sneaker heads
are probably going crazy right now so in
case you couldn't tell the shootaround
was not mandatory it was optional this
is obviously where the game is gonna be
taking place and the bleachers are gonna
be filled with fans so you know that's
always exciting a little nervous I'm not
gonna lie yeah I just came early to get
some shots up as you could tell
everybody else is probably still asleep
there's only like two players here from
the game but uh the grind is real I came
down for the shoot around you know Wang
a boxer and I was gonna shoot her out
with this until I remembered
I had this with me my championship
t-shirt from last week when a basketball
is to intimidate your opponent it's love
better way to intimidate your opponent
then Wow now but really this is kind of
just to remind myself that I want a
championship oh I can win a championship
back there in San Diego
then we could win this game today over
here in the game
no you want okay god she took the blame
for you that's why I got a quick
question though who's gonna win today's
game
you know there's a lot of fan pages for
myself my mom my dad like my whole
family and there's one really really big
fan page that has showed a bunch of
support for as long as I could remember
we've never got a chance to meet her
because we live all the way in San Diego
we don't live here there's our first
time here I found out that she lives
over here actually really close to the
event so I went ahead and I bought two
VIP passes for her and her friend and so
today we are going to meet one of the
biggest fan pages on Instagram for our
family like I said so much support so
much love she shows every single day
Michelle I can't wait to meet you spike
she was super happy when I borrowed the
tickets and she was like going crazy she
was super happy
I can't wait to make Michelle but I
gotta go rest my legs my legs my legs a
big game it's all I'm trying on give me
700 wait brothers I gotta try the month
I'm used to just you know get the shoe
put it on try it on but I guess we have
to step on those steps step one the
plastic so you don't mess up the soles
yeah it's like sacred God way my feet
might be a little sweaty College is
playing basketball guys so sneaker con
doesn't even like officially start to a
couple more hours and look at this line
it goes all around the bill you can't
even see the end of it this is crazy
I'm telling you shoes over here are like
like a school to you yeah shoes over
here to these people is like a
basketball to meet with getting ready
for the game six and a half hours later
okay guys so it's about time to head
down to the basketball court because the
game is about to start right now you
guys know how much I love basketball you
guys know the passion I have for the
game so there's gonna be thousands and
thousands of people there I don't want
to go out there and lose this game
youtuber basketball games I'm gonna try
my best to lead my team to victory and I
can't wait to bring you guys along to
this journey with me so but honestly one
of my favorite parts of sneaker con is
meeting all of you guys I meet like
hundreds and hundreds of fans it puts
the biggest smile on my face like I love
meeting you guys
we didn't get in yet
okay guys so this Michelle one of my
favorite fan pages on Instagram you may
be glad you made it
is it fun so far yes who's gonna win the
game you okay I heard a bunch of
screaming and I look over and it's you
guys are you playing you know after
coach and I won't even be fair if you
play you're gonna win but what people
don't know is that my dad doesn't make
it unless I pass it all his mixes in his
life are when Brian passage and more my
mom Lucy yeah
go they hooked it up look at this
off-white design all off I inspire
sleeves this is dope now Phyllis don't
oh I gotta tuck it in
oh I'm on until my shirt is still like
him shooting sleeve to the Jersey to the
shores
losing team say what up w no no no put
one down one down one down yet how you
doing today there's another one nice to
meet you man hey everyone come in really
quick yeah so passion water brandy a
little shoot no no no go up to the roof
and give them a 3000k a little bit I
give them one Bitcoin so they're
obviously gonna coin one big one
you already know I had to go with number
zero because that's how many points on
the sport stop
what do you do stretch of a house
so Ron I'm true surprise G I still
getting Blue Jays here I didn't make it
out
hey Brandon I know it's a little hard to
get you away from the basketball but I
have a question no no come here
who's over there well I couldn't believe
it the fact that he came through and Jay
I love you I brought my parents out here
dream vacation so it's only right that
I'm gonna W for my parents both there's
thousand like there's a lot of people
here right now
ready we've been waiting for this for a
while
we go baby
there we go
there we go
there we go
a lot of like the monarchy
right now but
more
2824 we're down gotta fight and play a
lot better
Brandon's really mad right now call away
he's too
see every time he goes in they foul him
so if they give him the ball they can
score every time the who's he
there we go
Oh
everyone didn't work to you as much
we're here Brendan's video analyst like
why you wanna do this go up to Brandon
so let's say your mom embarrassed me
downstairs in public when he walked in
I'm gonna act drunk I don't wanna see
you anymore is that a song or I want to
see my son's reaction to his mom being
drunk you know if I keep drinking this
I'll be okay well stop leave some okay
guys
mama drunk is here I mean mama is here
I'm ready for welcome trip either you're
welcome me like my glasses yeah they're
nice but where did you go what did she
give you so mean oh my god this is so
good this is such a nice but where do
you go why did you leave there's so much
you stupid
I know no you're welcome both no mom
wait hold on happy I know but why did
you send him this much mom you never
drink this is nothing I know
Thank You Esther no no mom I don't have
fun enjoy your time but here look I know
that's fine enjoy your time no I'm not
saying you're drunk just sit on the
floor hmm
she never dreams that no mom I know he
respect IDs will help you like can we go
downstairs just for one more round that
pulpit mom just say for a little bit
we'll all go down in a little bit okay
here are you more anymore is that fine
yeah but leave me I'm gonna be bad
no I'm gonna get you more I'm gonna
stupid you can like lay down if you want
it's okay it's getting late you are
sweet I'm fine just get me a blanket
I can sleep here no no I'm the floor mom
she never dreamed this is why even if
she - she's gonna go sit in the lobby
if you want cold towel water keep its
water is there water no no I just want
to go downstairs
mister again No we'll go my kalreiss way
lay down frog we'll all go down we'll
all go out I swear I'm taking Brandon
with me my mom Martha Stella what did
you drink if you like one or two that's
fine thank you
Brittany you should say thank you you
just say thank you for the fans you know
say thank you to the fans they're
watching everyone I might be really
drunk
I told you not to watch it was for me he
was just in my room editing my video
that's it I believed it because my mom
never gained it so I thought even like
the one or two drinks that my dad would
get her drunk wait I hit the glass I
swear
so we got you around then we got no like
well I don't understand like so I came
here and I brought my parents on their
dream vacation to San Francisco instead
they prank me like I'm not but I'm going
downstairs
no we're gonna let you go back we're
really really appreciated this is a fun
fun vacation course as long as you repay
me and my good and can you please put it
in your vlog because you have more
subscribers I want more people to think
you're for I mean thank you guys for
watching I hope I got him good I think I
did okay yeah I'm just like just get
some water go to sleep for a little bit
I kept trying to lie to her I'm like
yeah we'll go back down to get more
ditch in like an hour that's fine you
don't cost me like $10 dad I know you're
gonna drink a mature guy thank you so
much for watching this no why am i doing
the outro thinking after the loss after
we lost the game oh then what should I
drink where's my bottle I need a whole
bottle they way do you have a
breathalyzer so I could see if you're
really drunk we love you guys but watch
squad I love you guys
I hope you guys enjoy I hope I got him
good it was a payback for where all the
prejudice for to me nice now you only
need to get me like 100 more times to
match me and a million more to match
Brian never ever find the right words
there's no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
