you know I'm getting a FaceTime tooth
interrupting my Tory Lanez listening
right now bow I don't even know this
number
like like yo yo look who we got here
it's Tory Lanez right now music hey you
guys here touring man he's a part of the
broad squad he supports bodies I want
you guys just drop memories don't die
it's fire go check it out I'm gonna have
the link in the description whatever you
guys want to hear weighs it out Tory
iTunes with hey go check it out he
supports me which means he supports the
family so I want you guys to the same at
Tory you say you hoop a little bit right
okay so I told him man whenever he's
down in San Diego chicas shoe dribble
play some point guard that's little well
anyways my God thank you for hitting me
memories don't die you'd be getting in
store you can get it sitting at home do
do your thing iTunes Spotify whatever
you want hey thank you so much on the
real bow thank you
yo guys I was about to head over to my
basketball game because I have one to
play today
however when Jessica saw that Tory Lanez
FaceTime me she was like Brandon what
the heck what's going on she's a huge
toy lanes fan and she was like you have
to come over and tell me everything
right now
okay now you're extra now jessica is
being extra it looks like I've seen them
recently sub G I mean do you want me to
get a copyright sock on my channel are
you gonna pause the video just like was
it I mean I mean okay you want me to
explain to you so are you ready for the
story it's crazy so like I was sitting
any FaceTime me and that's it that's a
story I did shoot myself at first and
then it's earlier in this video you
could watch in the beginning he wanted
to play in our game today because we
need one more player and but he's in la
imagen tory lanez plays on my basketball
team that's like okay go ahead you could
play yourself oh don't tell me Lunas
here don't tell me Lunas here no I was
gonna go say hi to junior okay Jessica
if she found a way to get in then she
could find a way to get out so don't
tell me the bed is this small but
anyways we all have to face our fears so
Luna I'm coming just you know the
crocodile is how they taped their mouths
with like really strong tape why don't
you guys do that to Luna oh that's scary
why do you say that guys Luna is their
cat but she might as well be a freaking
line junior before I come in are all
your clothes on cuz I know you're at
that age well I'm coming in anyway hold
on junior really quick please don't tell
me you know is she really in here wait
how did she get under the bed there's no
room okay hold on is she gonna come out
soon just tell just please get her out
so I could film something generic you
gonna do puberty that's where your voice
is so different
really ooh okay genera I'll see you soon
tell Lou and I said what's up you know
tell Luna right now I wish she had came
out cuz I really wanted to play with her
and pet her wait do you want to help me
bring Jess yeah okay well she's in the
garage right now guys honestly I say I'm
gonna print Jess but I have no idea what
to do right now but a troop ratings here
could come up with anything at any given
moment so Janine
come here why'd you put a shirt on I
like your boots make sure she's on the
garage Oh Chanel's you too so we tried
to print email to her just you know
let's get you nothing on the plane shit
now can you know what can you come in
really quick pseudo okay just for that
Chanel just generic um change of plans
so wish no they didn't want to help us
with the prank so now she's getting
pranked just give me fucking Turkey I'll
put Turkey I don't care if you did yeah
bro honest ok yummy oh can we get some I
don't think move it oh the word one you
a little vomit keep some good a lot ha
ha oh I can't put along she's gonna say
why this way should we get wet teriyaki
finish Jen yo I'm gonna whisper Benny on
a grill a little bit group Oh
joonyoung's disgust I know dude you know
Tory Lanez I've heard of him or her or
something on the mouth this is a turkey
salt pepper did you through this at
Subway I know they do who wants chowder
who wants chowder I made a turkey
sandwich
for juniors recording no other way
what is that why would I open it away to
the family okay
wait okay turkeys and Brendan widen it
wasted autumn getting small grow we're
all ended yeah that's not Turkey yeah
okay will you go No okay I'll give you
$100 so everybody talking the $100 no
question no no no see Chris it's not bad
right hold on can we open it now if you
take a bite then I'll tell you what's in
here Amanda it's not moral Jessica it's
better no it's my secret
who you saw we got subway before YouTube
so trust me when I give you a sandwich a
big bite is a hundred of small buys 52
near knows what's in here any volunteers
yeah yeah that's true that's true
Amanda it's mayo cheese and freakin
bread bread but you know one sponge or
Squidward bit the crab you like Krabby
Patties don't you Squidward literally a
piece of bread crumb that that's 25
cents that's 25 cents
what do you mean are you making fun of
how I make sandwiches you wonder why I'm
single what open it and you'll know open
it it's not more nyquil nyquil I hope it
manatee have plans later cuz you're
going to sleep it's nyquil Tabasco Wow
it's called a BLT Tabasco salt pepper
soy sauce nyquil and Turkey
wait don't waste food why would you
waste food I was gonna eat it but now
you're doing the trash she bit the bread
the bread and nyquil yeah yeah yeah
that's true no but in all honesty
Christian if you guys did have plans
later I feel bad because you're about to
knock out on the couch he ate half the
see attitude won by sadly it was before
year the hundred on you feet you can you
feed your boyfriend like a dude so this
prank started tried to print Chanel and
Jess okay I would have thought of a
better prank but that's ball game in
literally minutes after leave in three
minutes so I don't have time to come up
with a master plan and a prank so I'm
just glad I got one person you know oh I
should have said I would let you face on
toy Lane did you ate the whole sandwich
would you have done it okay I started no
what were you gonna say no you were not
you said something else Jessica said if
I was Devin Booker FaceTime the shield
update it here Jess I've definitely
Christie look a little sleepy boy go
Junior battle Jenny you say how the flu
get away Jamie oh I did I did I'll put
the condiments away Jess you dumbass but
I need to go to my basketball game tired
oh okay Jess oh I knew go to my
basketball game thanks for almost eating
the thing Christian good night bro I'll
see you next time and bye Jay okay guys
honestly my gas light is on and I really
need to put some gas but if I do that I
will be late to my basketball game 100%
so let's just hope I make it to the
basketball courts because I'm not
putting this right now all this for a
prank fail like if I was late to my
basketball game but I got a good
pranking I would have been happy but all
this for a prank fail let's just say
guys not many of my pranks Phil I
usually do good with pranks however I'm
not perfect and when I need to come up
with a prank in literally one minute and
in the biggest rush I had a feeling that
wasn't gonna work I was just hoping that
they didn't suspect anything but Miss
bigmouth Amanda why is it like that
let me see inside ba ba ba hey that's
how you know my pranks are not fake if I
faked pranks then every single one would
work none of them would ever fail but
when you do real pranks unlike a lot of
other youtubers then you will have some
fails here and there and as for a
Christian you'll probably wake up like
next year or in like 10 years
I don't know when
maybe me like
Breslin 40 I know but I just want to see
your face
hey I don't know how to do this yeah he
doesn't know how to play ball either
plus you
Hey oh speaking of knocking how to play
borrow just turn around
how you doing great just lost my 20
points
I'm not smiling them Hey
in all honesty I want to say thank you
to Jane
Denis is gone I had nobody to build for
me and Jaden was going to a really big
fan of my channel for ever since I made
it but I haven't seen the recording is
good so we got smashed on a little bit
the team was big and were small and make
sense
why we got killed there's a couple other
variables very missing a person
recording the camera do you guys wanna
see ollie
this is a glad I can be part of the vlog
we felt like we weren't like a family
something was missing
honestly the team was just huge so they
can miss 50 shots in a row and they will
just get the rebound put it back up
there was nothing we could do unless we
grow a couple of inches overnight but
yeah we got to play better next time
well what do you have to say what do you
have to say
all right peace out Jay hey Ramon now
that Jays not here what do you have to
say I know you gotta love to say good
game oh man we got killed we're not used
to this we're not used to this we
usually go to the gym we get our team
and we win we blow teams out with B
people and on to the next but this week
we just you think Tory Lanez cursed us
or what probably wrong and now we're
gonna go eat our misery away
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
