hey what's going on guys mama wadis is
here papa what it is oh did you say mama
wadis and bubble okay
today always okay so the reason why you
said mama wat is bubble oddest I'm going
to explain why this is not for my
channel this not for Mama Rose channel
this is for Brandon's channel and the
reason life let me tell you guys so as
you know by then he went on vacation he
went knuckles with his friends I'm so
happy I'm so glad he did this he needed
it he hasn't been on vacation for a long
time just working hard and doing were
doing week not we didn't force him but
we transition to go but they don't want
to go because of the YouTube and he said
mom I have to upload every day in him I
can't just leave my chant and games and
stuff so and then he got convinced and
he said I'm gonna do my best and try to
record and help us from there so that's
nice mean he'll we were texting and
trumpet tone of his voice I didn't see
he was very happy and I got so worried
lander what's wrong with there's nothing
long ago you're enjoying your time
you're vacationing say yeah here I go
just tell me what's wrong because it's
just up close and I want to talk about
more I want to oppose my video but
there's no service
there wasn't Miami and he also didn't
there was I don't know where he is but I
can't afford now that we are in the
and I understand we've been in a cruise
ship so many time you can say I tried I
tried to buy something to upload with
and they told me there is no it and
upload and as that fun it I couldn't say
nothing but I don't know what to do I
know there's no way you can upload from
there he was very upset and like if I
can't I thought my pants and I have to
do it and I go just go ahead and joy
they will understand totally
couple days and you'll do it when you
come back you can do uploads for but he
was a very convinced from my talk and he
wasn't very still very happy so after
that I thought fur on I told him that
how it is it which also had you know how
parents are they want their kids to be
like always happy and always bad a fat
always so made him recess and we came to
conclusion that what they call it where
you go why not mean him make a video
mean Papa but Papa water sorry
make a video and upload the vintage
charm for him as a result he at least
enjoyed the rest of justification so he
doesn't know nothing I promise you guys
he doesn't know nothing where we doing I
don't know how he going to trust us like
we're gonna do everything we're going to
make this video and it is uploaded and
then I'm going to take some talent go
ahead and watch your video on your
channel
we'll see if ever is nothing she said I
like it rather if you're watching you
better like this so first things I'm
telling you guys know how lazy and like
it's not lazy
Brandon is is he moving he hung face he
waits till the last minute or everything
remember that traveling the other day
his slide was I think he has to leave
the house by 5 by 5 he was still home
his backpack empty his luggage empty so
so hot that how he is so since we moved
in we've been telling him to order the
furniture
random look at this website and the the
designer comes here on those ridges and
time cool yeah you always have an excuse
and you uploaded brother and doing this
and that so I told onyx we depend on him
to order this furniture we're going to
probably move from this house that he
hasn't done it yet so where we did I got
someone his from him and Jackie what
color you like and was kind of bad he
liked but not directly talked as women
told him do you want to wear their this
so it was ten days ago we order those
furniture
it's really nice and they told us a
delivery day so with six that ACLS
the delivery people came at night she
has no idea how this furniture loads
houses bedroom and he's not fifty that's
why would be good for him so he won't be
seen anything so you guys am brandon
going to be seeing his furniture for the
last time Brandon for the first time I'm
sorry
oh yeah after the video and learning
awesome
/ - my friend
Oh follow me guys let's show you where
we got from him at least leave a comment
down below how how we did I personally
like it and I hope he liked it
so let's go so we're recording from
recording life from Phoenix on studio
aka for a lot of forgot something yeah
so let's go and see so mean those two I
don't sort of be like thinking it if it
didn't matter
hey gosh King this is your bedroom you
like it you like it or not this is your
bed and the best thing is the mattress
the mattress me Oh mattress -
everything's new everything I haven't
watched a comforter and stuff so I just
put this for the video
I like the headboard behind you oh yeah
it's very cutting mat nightstand look at
the boots yeah I love this bedroom
I don't know you better like it Brenda
and yes the chairs and the TV
Norma's perfect I mean I would be big
but it fits his room because his room
so Ken and I could not do this to run
because road is sticky hey what you want
first a chi and Louis Vuitton guy so
this is a Brandon I hope you like it
oh yeah I'm sure yeah and you're going
to get the bill on the mouth we buy it
you pay for it
hello stargazer little guys over here
Jackie a friend I think should be pacing
which one this way there you go okay
okay there's a game tonight
you guys watch okay don't break anything
Babel don't break anything
yeah so that's his room now he'll be so
happy
you'll be so happy Brendan where you
come back and look who's waiting for us
over here wanna feed mitt oh are you was
Brandon you must find in you want to see
friended oh is that what he said really
he's very sad lately
yes I feel like weird we thought it was
sick but I think because the Brandon's
not home and Brandon you might think he
doesn't like you but look you sick
because you're not here come back back
Tom come on Bosley Leslie tell him I
miss you burning again
Oh Brandon say that oh yeah okay why are
you laying down like this price of
nitrous room oh my god this thing in his
eyes like he could tell we should
seriously have been said for the best
birthdays oh yeah even he doesn't even
so later later it's like he has to be
it's not like before when we're all
around him oh no dad it's okay Bosley
we'll be with you okay okay so I'm
looking for a mama rose everywhere I can
see her anywhere
not here the wrong are no
you see check she's outside or something
I hear something outside so let's see oh
my god
yep here's something hey what are you
doing I'm practicing right that's what I
think could you what are you doing hey
you know maybe four waters now that I
make it for the game on Tuesday they got
a replacement hello who's gonna than me
roof uh-huh my shooting skill mama-mama
waters not Papa water let's do it again
good again no pet on deck one Oh
seriously gonna play tomorrow or Tuesday
one last one for the win one last one
memorable oh okay
yeah so that's what I'm gonna do so
you're going to be playing on Tuesday
yeah show me you until oh come on do you
make more than two I'll have them pick
you what I can do excuse but what
happened to are you nervous because I'm
recording you okay Wow
Ron hey that was on purpose did you go
done
whoo I know you did okay that was good
that was really good okay but I've been
I want to revolt huh
play okay and me too to replace for
whatis yeah that was good
okay so we'll see you guys on Tuesday
uh-huh yeah okay so nope okay guys so
now Papa rug thing we're done and he
told me we'll do the outro annelid oh
he's outside getting better kuzey ready
he wants to sit in the jacuzzi but you
guys know bharata's videos they cannot
be 10 minutes or steam in it they have
to be longer than this will I'm gonna
call copper in tell him we have to add
some more footage to this vlog to make
it a little longer for robotics and
that's how a lot of videos are where I'm
going to be doing is pranking opera to
tell Oh prank because I haven't prank
this guy for a long time so I'm going to
pretend that I'm sitting down and let's
sing and think and see what we're going
to do for the end of the vlog and I'm
going to offer him a drink and thank God
for the Pepsi to black you can put a lot
of stuff in it and it doesn't show so
I'm going to put some Tabasco and stuff
in that Pepsi I'm going to show you so
I'm going to try to hide the camera
behind something don't want to see me
let me show you guys for hee
because this offer oh they think it's
clean but you could be now oh you claim
that you could be together already
so I'm going to get some Pepsi in
Callahan okay here's the drink and let's
think about the last part for the vlog
and let's finish the vlog and assembling
show you guys what I'm going to put that
there cause it was like do it okay guys
as you can see critic up you look for
some to see I hope it's not gonna show I
don't think so pepper to you
so everyone I have to do it you can't
end the waterfalls without doing
something stupid I mean something funny
you should all sorry I know he doesn't
like so I saw something and I have to
stir it because I have to pee or things
on Oh sue
okay so here's the system to going to
put it on the counter first have that
break in from that to help trust me and
hide the camera as much as I could about
the best of that whatever this subtract
and then we'll call Papa rock and tell
him let's come in and the word did do
the last part run run
wait wait 3:5 he goes over Hannah
Lockley yeah we have to end it but just
come and think about just the last part
so those sure that was only like the
last part of the melon only less enemies
in the you know Randa button goes really
off if it's on the just have some drink
Alliance these are comfy so I can do the
outro know like what I could do nothing
sort of run latina the plan is not sure
what I still don't see not here this is
not one of them no not where's the
camera you betray your friends so any
idea any idea what to do for the end of
the vlog so I got an idea
do you mean yes me or you doesn't matter
do it for a while or wadis robot is this
is a good one hey I'm sorry Ron but you
know oh I know
can you tell what's in there No okay
what does it smell like to do Corso
sauce uh-huh your little Tabasco on
Tapatio ah so you can't even tell
there's something in there buzz that
smell and look at the side of the glass
Oh the cup okay I got so many one hold
on hold on why you have to wait an hour
is to be music well just a little things
to add some spices mod seldom that dooba
oh my god all these things you've done
to me and this is just a little thing oh
well
gotcha Friday night
help you and you guys enjoyed this yeah
good dad and it's my fault
it's closing oh okay okay Brandon and
all the fans I hope you guys enjoyed
this little blast from mama water and
some others and that's it for Brandon
yeah this is not good make sure you
watch it tomorrow trying to watch the
whole thing no skipping okay and on a
lot of my editing they're gonna be no
music no Joe man you know some oh no
nothing's gonna just straight straight
okay let it boom oh yeah okay and you
you better like it okay and this is our
little gift for you to enjoy your
vacation I don't really like your room -
oh yeah I love it
by the way a lot of people are like I
just come to we try to me and no don't
tell them that it's not going to sleep
in it
mommy we're just like lay down my
argument no five minutes we lay down and
it's comfy how long do i Brendon still
no or maybe yeah anyway I hope you guys
all enjoy drop a like for me and him to
do more vlogs for you guys on their
channel love you guys all thank you for
everything and show this boy some love
not you Brandon tell him to enjoy his
vacation not to worry about nothing
peace
