what is going on you oh my god I don't
know why but a quick glance I thought
that was my mom and that would have
ruined this whole that you hold on first
of all that scared me what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka bruh waters it
is 5 p.m. right now my flight leaves
soon and I need to go to Miami Florida
shout-out to the wall squat in Miami
this was so last second I apologize if
this isn't you know the craziest prank
or the most insane reaction or whatever
but I promise you that I would put
somebody before I left and mom you're
the victim I haven't prayed to in a long
time so it's coming to you anyway Jackie
is not coming on this trip with me and
my friends it's kind of like a boy's
trip just us best friends and usually
Jackie comes with me on every trip you
know Jackie not only she my girlfriend I
love her it's like I'm so close to her
so she comes with me on every single
vacation but this time we decided
especially because Jackie just got like
a new babysitting job so she can't leave
yet so my mom doesn't know that so I'm
gonna tell my mom that I broke up with
Jackie so I can go I'm just gonna I'm
gonna be a dick honestly guys anything I
say in the spring this isn't how I
really am it's not really act and it's
not what I really believe but just for
the sake of this prank just to get a
better reaction from my mom's I'm gonna
say things I'm gonna you know put words
out of my mouth that I don't really
believe in so please don't think Brandon
is such a douche what the heck anyways
I'm going to tell my mom that I broke up
with Jackie and I'm leaving her for a
week so I can go on this cruise single
and you know hook up with a bunch of
girls and I want to see as a mother to
hear her son say that he wants to hook
up with a bunch of girls is not going to
be good so I'm just gonna I don't know I
feel like there's a good place to leave
the camera or actually no that's way too
off oh no no hold on guys give me a
second I swear my eyes so I'm going to
be late to my flight like there's no one
could put up yeah there's no say I'm
going to be late to my flight there's no
saving it or anything but hold on what
we call my mom in here Oleg forgot to
take some things anyways I'm about to
execute the spring and I hope you guys
enjoy peace oh wait and the last thing I
promised you guys I'll get videos up for
you guys while I'm on vacation and I'm
keeping my word for you guys
mom can I please talk to you now it's
not bad the time I thought it when I
said can I please talk to you she said
again like it's something bad I'm in
your room because no because I need to
like get all the last days I was going
to use some of gas to want to take with
me on the trip you can do see a little
bit well I promise this time it's not
like you know every time I tell you
something to know that it's always bad
to try my office on that and make it
better this have to go on your time yeah
I have to go on - no I'm going to live
my life so okay I'm gonna pick you all
here straight when you sit like this um
- is mom actually would come you could
stand up and when you sit down like I
don't know now sitting down for more
experience outstanding other buck we're
just joking around like it's so nothing
that's what
so you know I'm going on be here right
now no you know I vomited well what do
you want to do but you know I'm going on
vacation me and all my friends it's just
me and the boat like me and all my voice
has of your O'Malley come on yeah none
of the girls are coming but the thing is
like the other boys they have self
control like they can see another girl
and say like oh I would go offense on
mom and talk about me like I'm a dog if
I see another girl like you know me I'm
tempted pretty much this is better for
Jackie I broke up with Jackie while I'm
going on this vacation one-week run into
it but we understand now you had gone
mom you broke up with Jeff
I've over again just for one week I'm
going to get back to the obvious nice
when we come back to the heat I'm going
to get back to it's just a temporary
break up so that way because tell me
that you don't you're a girl you're old
perfect your girl
so out of the girls would you rather be
in a relationship and your boyfriend
goes on a crew that you know looks out
there girls you know like does a bad
thing what would you rather be broken up
so that way it's not cheap should your
mom what's wrong with you I want
something I on one thing is that dollars
and rose water net out how they look
back up a jacket and you could say well
couple of us only for a week did our
thing in a flavour Carly nobody comes do
whatever you want overnight we sign the
contract you know she has me okay fine I
lighted a degree obviously she then she
doesn't talk now I'm getting better but
what do you think just like a one-week
wait while I go on the cruise and I
swear to God I swear to God once you bow
down low and I think up the phone and
call her and tell her where I was
hope you guys are you stupid doing this
to Jackie check out all of them mom you
think I'm going to agree for you have to
go play and then come back to it no what
am I doing wrong
that's the thing you're cheating on the
girls I got a broken nose for a week and
then you're going to come back that's
words if you break up with her going to
wherever the fuck you wanna do for one
week no I said a few breakup okay house
with weight and it hurts I'm gonna a mom
okay yeah all right you you are there no
is good then we do this pop are you
joking don't do this Oh Jackie
let me just say can I just say one thing
if I don't result that I'm on the crew
that I owe them like Mindy like this is
no no I'm just joking okay god I wanted
okay but if I do that that's cheating a
five-way couple jacking ongoing I do
like it alright good if I do that
technically not g-baby because if you
say Stanford a breakdown yeah or not I'm
sorry it's no it's imperative because is
like you plane down girl
okay one I said I never said I'll get
out there after week out of it mom I
woke up with Jackie I'm very sad
hopefully we can get back together after
I come back from the cruise or right now
I don't have time to write amending
system from my flight but after the
cruise I'm going to work hard to try to
get back together
yeah but you're not doing anything
because your heart is broken how you
have it
yeah my mom but I'm not going to like do
anything but how do you fix a broken
heart you go oh no that's what you
raised me you taught me like that okay
yeah yeah I know judges what am I
feeling
Fernando was given another one boy Oh
what do you suppose young boy I don't
know man so I quickly got them and I
talked to judge little game I want to
tell her listen can I get it all the way
out and let nobody do that I don't want
you guys to cheat or doing that's not
romantic your bridge yes it is yes okay
how about own border on the cruise
that's it
were there for four days and why don't
you think after view that he sent with
me dealing with me all these years
like developers are for girls integers
for one week and then we're judging the
rest of my life no how do you mean can
look it shows her that that is either
alert or leaders over ever do that way
bro come back up y'all you know once you
leave her you come please come back and
she's not that I won't let her go back
to you dad we're looking at beautiful
does that should be a shangela okay we
all get a voice opinion I'll get a boy's
opinion yeah
look at you just said my dad's good so
you know how I'm dating Jackie so I
brought them with Jackie just for one
week because we're going on a cruise
cruise artisan and in Miami you know at
the stand still but whether you brought
them just for one week or well no okay
forget I broke up with Jackie I'm going
to go on the cruise whatever happens
happens when I come back into Macoutes
were convenient chat we're gonna talk
about this like we're gonna get some
ideas to the idea to like cheat on them
and not you know how you I wrote what is
it how many lives on Gigi that way Tommy
no no show along with all my friends
yeah well your son won't do that I know
that he was only down the dog okay
well I suppose when you buddy now like I
don't give to you go in there you go mom
when you hurt my hand I felt right up
all day long I wish I was right I'm
sorry I don't say those things okay so
now many company now I'm going to go do
this exact let me know know so you want
me to go over through the gala stops
serious now
what would I know I know yeah just maybe
taking it as a joke or something but
listen to me he's okay okay just like
this you can especially a girl that
she's this good to you you cannot learn
how many like her I'm telling you
of course we're broke now he's greater
looks operations of information to
happen what I'll see a lot sometimes you
just like I want
it's like us know it's like a tent to
yourself I'm going to be able to cruise
for four days how many girls can I admit
over Noonan I am after this over
yourself called fake so he can be it's
not basil oh come on you know I'm in my
all my family something how would it
feel Chi Minh sensing please mom daaad
thank you how does your uncle
okay okay okay okay oh well I'm up
it's Jackie your daughter or I your son
you're always on my side I don't think I
don't like nobody puts girls in this
position no but because we're here
together yes princess yes picture her
Toby oh yeah totally she got everything
that feels good oh well you feel gonna
keep each other company
yeah that's all things sometimes I dream
of her like okay my gosh okay can I just
say I'm going to sit it all I'm going to
fit one thing on his head Jackie I love
her to me she's the most beautiful girl
in the world
love personality everything she's a
movie never girl in the world but me and
my friend we made a pact who can sleep
with the most a long time so it would
all decide we are always IBM oh hell no
Ali oh I don't know yet my origami make
it God we got another no you gotta
remember look it was all these ideas I
predicted I'm going to get forth and
that's how even believe that's not
emotionally see now I regret like for
the tell me to go with them okay
yeah always always not okay mom let me
just say a couple things and then I have
to go I'm sorry I want to live my part
okay I needed to make casita huh when
will not be going to it also point I
came here Jackie love each other we can
water just and just like a picture of
her doing the same thing that's so good
she loves this small I swear it bring my
ribbon on play memory you're not a
Manning up if you thinner did you say
it's okay for you I want mama go look
what's the jackpot in there you clear
them now that our way you're going to
change and do this okay well uh since
you're testing my manhood mom please
look under look under here okay hold on
no it's not a prank I'm just getting a
reaction to show Jackie Oh like when I
get back together with I'm going to tell
her this is like what my on it's not a
prank I'm but I broke up with Jackie I'm
just recording a reaction for like home
video for me and Jackie you broke up
with her but that's one thing I'm gonna
ask me how are you going to show this to
Jackie in a week if you broke up with
her just ask me because I told you I'm
gonna get bad reported I'm gonna get
back with her in one week that's what
I'm saying so say hi to Rocky
no you can't okay that's you're not
gonna do nothing wrong you told off a
jacket if you take him back if he is
going to do something I'm not cheating
because right now I'm single
technically I'm single right now so
whatever I do it's not see you girl if
you want to take him back afterward he
does it mom who's southern okay here I
just want you know how you predict how
many points I'm going to score before my
basketball games yeah predict how many
girls am I going to sail in on this
cruise oh you get nothing
hey mom wow you can get money girls as
you want but it's up to you if you want
to do something what you really think I
don't know I don't think I'm
good-looking and you know a man can get
okay so what's your prediction is in
what's your prediction for the four days
on loans twelve yeah I wish man now
you're forgetting you're handsome you're
another scam to you okay
see I would do the SG on you it's not
enough for you Brandon Jackie think
about doing anything wrong you know what
Xander okay mom look I'm sweating now
you hurt me you made me scared to go but
humor with toys open please you want if
I was joking out I told you when I
showed you the camera you know how
pranks and when you see the camera I'm
not joking
Jackie look whatever happens in this
upcoming week okay
I can't even look at the camera talk to
her like that mom I said joke it's a
prank
I can't babe ah you know I can't even
talk to you like that I can't talk to
you guys okay right it's a prank now I
don't know I know I swear a hundred
percent it's a prank just like I swore
my wrist was hurt when you hurt me hey
this is the same no I'm sweating mom
wait yeah even when I prank you with
alcohol or drugs or something you don't
hit me this not go and I thank you with
Jackie you hate me this much you love
her that much right that's it
hey mom wait guys oh my god it felt so
weird talking like that
mom I told them before the prank started
whatever I say in this video is not my
belief it's not how I talk I might sound
like a douchebag no not maybe I did
sound like a huge douche bag that is not
how I am
everything I said yeah it just felt that
thing every time I said I'm gonna sleep
with another girl I'm gonna cheat on
Jackie and just it felt bad coming out
of my mouth and then when I started
talking directly to Jackie at the end
that's why I had to end the prank I
can't even say it as a joke it just
feels weird so baby you know 100% all
because that's your raise you mother
raised me mom mom I'm sorry but I
promised them how to have videos up
while I'm on the good do you feel my
sweat need to land man me too man
where's my luggage hey guys thank you so
so much for watching this video like I
said right now I'm in my house with my
mom but when this video goes up I'm
going to be in Miami with my friend for
the Bahamas aren't even know where we're
going to there so my second dad goodbye
I'm gonna miss you all right thank you
for everything you know I might come
back and visit in a couple years but mom
really I really have to pee I love you I
love you so much
I'm gonna miss these I'm not a baby Oh
Bosley are you gonna miss me bro give me
your hand
okay why don't you ever listen boom
Bobby I need to prank you one time yeah
and binds not home on all Italy yeah he
loves God thank you so much for watching
this video like I said in my previous
video I'm going to try my best to get
videos uploaded every single day while
I'm on this vacation it might be hard
because on a cruise ship the Wi-Fi is
trashed and you're in the middle of the
ocean so you have no service
but thank you Dad but I'm going to try
my best out of these seven days I might
miss like one or two days so please
forgive me for that trust me I didn't
want to miss any days you got it dad why
I don't okay I guess my dad's gonna walk
thank you Dad so anyway guys thank you
so so much for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed drop a like if you
did mom
I honestly think you have a crush on
Jackie like you're gonna end up marrying
Jackie not me because you love her so
much
that's good though I love that my mom is
in love with my girlfriend I would have
had any other way guys drop a light for
Mama rug I'm sorry no life's a survivor
if you judge my sorrows hi Tommy John
Jake everything
wait dad please just admit to the camera
what you did to make my mom mad because
she was hitting like she was aggressive
so I don't know what my dad did or
recently okay mom I'm sorry guys once
again
that that's not what I think at all I
would never do that it was just for the
prank to get a good reaction out of my
mom to make this more entertaining for
you guys and I think it worked if I did
talk like that I feel like my mom would
have just been like oh no don't do that
to Jackie but then yes since I kept
acting like a douche bag and telling her
that she raised me this way she got more
abusive and I think you guys like when I
get hit but whatever reason you guys
enjoy when my mom gets violent and hits
me so I did this for you guys anyway
thank you so much for watching I love
you guys all peace out guys
but I'm still in shock like how much
time to Eddie
