no sleep but we still smiling no sleep
but we made it
Miami were here like we just got our
baggage where the rest of the boys in a
rush I was just appalled leaps all I've
been saying later no we finally made it
Miami folks we left San Diego at 8 p.m.
and right now just look what time it is
6:00 11:00 in the morning of the next
day so we left San Diego at 8:00
night time 8:00 p.m. and now it's 6:00
in the morning no sleep we didn't even
sleep on the flight we are going to be
staying in Miami for a couple of days
and then we are going on a cruise to the
Bahamas logical riddle ah but right now
we're trying to get it over yeah this
human boy it's human we're not used to
this in San Diego well it's 6:00 a.m.
and it's like 90 degrees over here with
my camera's foggy no solution is bad I
have a Romel still looks good in the fog
oh look how humidity
but we've been outside for five seconds
now you can see just as handsome baby
face
romuald handsome baby face Jordan you
pretty handsome yourself so guys we're
waiting for the rubric to take us up
we're going to go to the hotel but I
need to go pee and friends will pee
together stay together to accompany each
other we got a company no peeking no
peeking obviously don't go to the one
next to me
I'm going to miss Jackie over to take on
Decker we just totally wish you're here
right now now I'm going to be Jackie on
three one week without it is the longest
way only hasn't blown in a dozen but she
did the longest I'm going without being
Jackie ever since we first started
dating I've never gone one week without
fingers so the besi Paulie could do some
of the things that Jackie does for me
there's a lot of thing that I'll say
that I can't get you behind
Jackie when you watch this I'm gonna
miss you one whole week like that guys
I'm not a new go watch oh my god I
already got so much love I met so many
people at the airport this guy's really
talking with you phone on two phones
right now it's always crazy
okay guys this is what happens when you
don't get a big enough rubric so the
luggage is our lab we have a hundred
pounds of luggage just sitting in our
lap right now we gave them all a yeah
we're not going to be able to walk for
the rest of this trip and I'm looking
for my only cousin come on come on
you're crazy game multiple come ultra a
hundred pairs of jeans at once when o we
only need and look at all these thing in
the front like a king with nothing if
two biggest in the bankroll oh yeah I
forgot you Shaq you know all these
drooling over some Cubans right now if I
know you got a huge problem right now so
what time is it we just got to a
homemaker at 7:00 a.m. we're tired like
we said we haven't slept all day we've
been on a plane since eight o'clock
yesterday and you know we're ready to go
take a nap put our luggage in the room
too bad check-ins probably not till two
or three on three o'clock so just to
update this vlog for the next eight
hours until we check in we're going to
be like spontaneously just randomly
trying to find things to do here in
Miami by the way beautiful city so far
calling any of the broad squad Miami
area shout out to shout out to the
Pilatus squad we in the Miami months
failed because we're all out eating
right now if you see all of our faces
were so dead we're like things like a
zombie look at ya looking like zombies
we're ready to go take a nap once we get
in the room ro Mallick pro-level us
promoter gotta fall asleep you're going
to Jordan's mother knocking space out
and it's good once the together lay down
Jade's ready which bodily get a fog
champagne
and hey Ali's 100% convinced that were
the Jersey Shore right now and Olli is
fuckin Pauly D oh he hasn't slept yet
going crazy meanwhile I'm about to
upload my video I edited on the plane so
now it's ready for upload the grind dont
stop new even on vacation
we're all dead tired if you can't tell
look at this he's going all out he's
fully shirtless you got a brother's neck
for each other we got my video uploading
none of us have got any sleep for like
almost two days just in love you bro
good night zero Holly on baby
Tim Romel you have some nice feet
honestly come on planking boys I've been
sleeping ball robot I swear I'm not even
joking about to start licking your toes
I miss Jackie right now I'm bothered
just ever since we were kids you always
would tell me you know old Bo magic we
had a sleepover and you know we sleep
whatever now it's finally happening and
he's acting brand-new I love sleepovers
but not when you're trying to put see me
and cuddle me the whole entire time oh
my god okay
hey stuff listen Rick twinkle twinkle
pop do like literally rubbing my feet
like a Jackie or something okay guys so
we all just woke up we're all feeling
great we took like a three-hour nap
finally but let me just say sleeping
next to all these sleeping next to a
porcupine like ridiculous smaller hate
so understand I'm sorry 8:00 sharp oh
look every time I get oh my gosh I have
to shave it yeah tonight you can be out
for the first six hours sleep with
Jackie I'm gonna Jackie I kept begging
in my life but let me just demonstrate
to you how sleep if you were Jackie
right now and then Romel I plan to go on
his bed if you call my bed I'm gonna
knock you out and keep moving haha
are you getting into character
okay so supposedly this room has a
beautiful view all he doesn't want me to
look at all these tell me when I could
look oh shit look at it damn you got
beach view bro this is dope
this room is nice Ali we can take a
picture right here Dan there's a nice
view you could bring a girl right here
like it's a little Thai but for sure
manageable no it's manageable it's
manageable you're high enough to where
people won't see specific parts because
yeah I need a hisses beat all the good
Sun is coming out Ollie takes the best
cocaine oh it's beautiful
since we are in South Beach I think it's
the law that you have to walk around
with your shirt off
oh my gosh well put me to shame get away
you walk up I can't be seen next to you
make me look like a twig go go walk go
walk up by Jordan and here in Miami you
get arrested if you walk around with
your shirt on huh I am sure all these
getting around my house getting arrested
come on doing 10 years in college yeah
you're doing 25 to life if you get
caught bro
take it off hey every time we go on a
trip with like a big group we all have
that one dad of a group who is it will
melt 100 percent dead well I see look
around Ali is not you both so we're
about to go on the beach right now you
know surely it's all he's trying to look
good and so I gave him a doughnut hole
it was the last doughnut hole this guy
eats it he chews it let's all the
flavors to get and then spits it out I
got a look good we better go in the
beach I can't have the calories we
already put in about the shoot I'm
really sorry I never get the flavor and
trick my body and I hate him I'm not
really eating it you already know out
here in Miami we had to try special
Miami food oh yeah
old Cuban pizza I'll remember one hour
before you swim you gotta wait one hour
else your stomach explodes you burn into
pieces and you're taking Jackie slop for
this trip everything I'll do to Jackie
I'm doing it to you just remember that
now on the rail always sharp like not
the way he dresses like you're literally
sharp your whole boss doesn't shave my
whole money for the trip let me see it
hey ro Mel has a comfort ass hair no
boats for - yeah what are you doing come
on so the beard I honestly don't
which one is wait here look at Jordan
all oiled up go I swear you guys are
twins both Jays oiled up his name's
Jordan his name's Justin and I call both
of them Jay so whenever I say every time
I turn around and like brand it was what
are you talking about I always say Jay
and they both turn around I don't even
know who I'm talking to either one
they're the same person
guys I can't believe my god the show
only the real overall so right now we're
about to head to the beach and Ali is
going to get down on one knee
and as a bunch of different girls to
marry his where Miami we're gonna have
some fun I'm gonna go throw a I'm going
to say will you marry me if it works it
works it doesn't doesn't okay let's say
it works then what happened now I'm
going to say sayonara hey how many girls
you think are going to say yes all of
them all of them so many commonly I get
my shit off so Holly is going to ask
girls to marry him on the beach girls
you've never seen before we're in Miami
for the first time ever and let's see
how this goes I don't know I would do it
but I have respect for Jackie so dad can
we please go to the beach dead hey are
you nervous I'm honestly not nervous
because I'm confident that it should go
well would you ever sell your parents
when they say yes honestly I miss my
terrible I love this girl should I build
my dream I want to be with her so all
he's gonna get married before me a
Jackie do a me and Jackie every day for
almost two years I'm gonna pee my pants
before going to water okay guys so we're
now on the beach although you're little
nervous now right I think that now that
it's becoming a reality nervous it's a
little nerve-wracking I don't know what
I'm a man of my word number
we're actually here let's see what
happened whoa all these I said do it to
her but she's married
well mo got diggin down Bruce Lee took
down Mario Lopez Hey Bruce Lee
calm down bro we know you're strong let
Romel lick okay guys he apparently said
that he spotted some girls I don't know
but um I guess I'm just recording up
coconut on a mic so
are you married are you sure we won't
marry me oh okay okay stop stop stop
okay hold on we just got the finger okay
hold on I'm decently handsome I mean why
wouldn't you marry me damn so not only
did we get denied but we got the finger
okay it's all good we don't always get w
everyone goes through hard times dance
is a good time yes one L we're going to
get there unless I took it out now I
bounce back okay the Warriors won the
championship but they didn't go 82 I
know we got it we got it we gotten
someone else you're okay okay hey the
Warriors won the championship but they
didn't win every game they lost some
games but they still won the
championship baby so let's do it
okay both she flipped the dog that's
wild
oh man J she didn't say no is that a
note maybe she wants to say yes there
are moms right oh that's you that's you
got you attitude so it's only one no
that wouldn't be like and one and then
amazing okay okay
damn Miami is harsh boat hey listen all
of our friends are in the water we're
sitting out here trying to get married
both he's getting old life's getting
short we're trying to get a marriage
right now two times I'm going to go ten
times to find the one got one problem
and I hope this is an issue I apologize
I don't have a microphone for this
camera so hopefully you could hear I'm
trying my best to get as close as
possible without looking like a huge
weirdo hey I'll just say I'm your best
man so I have to record it Jay look at
you roll you've been working out oh oh
hey listen you know we have a lot of
close friends here it's a group of six
of us they're having fun in the water
but I'm trying to find the one for me
yes hey the swimming could come later
but getting made has to come right now
it actually I found the one for me wait
all that right here
hey hey all the other girl turned down
by two girls Alex III know and he not
good-looking ocean Hey three down we got
a couple more to go bro you're fine
three L's in one day that's fine and I'm
still confident is the one for me is out
there we're gonna find yet bro getting
made isn't easy nobody said it would be
easy right there on you down I swear
she's on you down she is eyeing you down
please
ah we respect that we respect that
that's okay is he handsome he said okay
okay fine beautiful we respect that
you're already made of course we respect
that so we like nice nice girl she's
already man I'll get married one day
yeah she's old Olli she'll get married
one day listen we've asked for girls
we're not going to give up obviously I
feel like such a weirdo creep walking up
with a camera but if they asked why I'm
recording I'll just say I'm the best man
and I want to save this video for just
in case someone said yes and then we'll
show to their kids one day we all say
that oh here we go
that's the same one you already asked
isn't it I think you're mesmerized by
her because I really like the Mishima I
really got a guy god I can already tell
when he found one let's see if this one
is a yes please let it be a yes
oh let's do it okay but if you were
looking for marriage would he be the one
yes yes so I guess he kind of got it yes
a little bit kinda got married in a
lonely wait so now you're half married
so I'm not only half marry she said I
was beautiful no you're beautiful vote
so she said that she's not looking for
marriage but if she was then Allie would
be the one how about we try one more the
last one we're gonna get married we're
gonna get married well Jackie's going to
be like yo all these doing all they
trying to get made in one day and you
haven't proposed to me in two years
almost two years not yet to hear Paula
she's dancing she's asking for a
marriage proposal okay Bo let's do it
okay okay so she's dancing all he sees
that as a call for marriage I guess
that's all he believes come on please
let this be a yes I want to see my boy
get married today
Muraki spanish spanish i'm carol
marriage will you marry me no oh she has
a boyfriend yeah yeah okay sorry sorry
sorry she's already married that's okay
we respect girls who are already married
we walk away we'll find the one for me
one day the last hoorah well think about
it you're getting old you know like
before you know you're going to have
kids you need to get married vote I need
to get married I need to find the one
who truly loves me for who I am
yeah we're in South Beach Miami and all
I've ever heard is that beautiful right
here so yeah it has to be one for me
we're sick and tired in San Diego of
girls using all these for his looks we
want one that will marry him for who he
is and the way he asked to get married
yeah so we're going to find the girl who
truly loves me there's a beautiful woman
here she's married yes see we respect
people who are already married good job
we respect marriage we know it's tough
okay let's find one more one more
let's make it happen but I want to take
you back to your parents telling them
that I got you married let's do this
baby you're 22 beau I'm just joking 22
is young but still
you're beautiful no it's not a joke his
parents sent him here to get married
yeah hey zip it it just real oh my
goodness
she said yet shout out this bed she said
yes let's do we did it oli it she said
yes you didn't ask for her name how are
you gonna get made the hole I'm all me
nice to meet you thank you so much thank
you
we did it thank you well let you know
when the wedding is we'll send the
invitations you can invite all your
friends and Bosley you can invite
anybody
we are very married well not I am
married Holly is married and one more
for the hell they just go get your wives
two wives go come on she's not looking
no well isn't looking go and she already
has them all for approval let's do it
baby
yay mom host guapa why not
do you see it yes
his parents say I'm here to get married
this waffle Bonita Marian pain Ceylon
you got two wives that's not right Bo oh
oh wait no she's saying that she said
yes but not her you are you hey she said
yes hey she's beautiful - wow you look
very young we thought you were her mom
said yes
all he's married to time and Roma all he
got married to time yeah ro he's a
player hey ro mo what do you think of
your first cousin getting married I'm so
happy right now
yeah it'd be the best man hey I'm the
best man I'm the best man you're crazy
what did you do for all you grow knows
what I do I taught him everything he
knows
you didn t try to get married that was
me vote so there's the wife her name is
Noel shoutout Congrats newlyweds they
need to put it on their car now
newlyweds
leave her alone bo you're not trying to
get at your cousin's wife that's messed
up hey Jay - Jays what do you think of
oli getting married I'm proud I can't
believe it that Rani honestly I think
she's a little too young for it so why
not why not both he's a good lighting
yep got beautiful lighting go my boy all
we got married I'm super proud of him
thank you finally vote 22 years old I'm
just joking that's super young but well
you are the bride and then also we
didn't ask for her beautiful beautiful
lady's name but her grandmother so I'm
proud of my boy and so much no well
thank you so much we'll see you at the
wedding I hope you enjoyed this proposal
ah thank you so much for watching drop a
like for this guy going out there and
like I said the Warriors they took a
couple L during the regular season but
at the end they won the champion at all
that matters but he won yeah
hey but now this marries to start this
trip we have six more days and you can't
get into em all man very bold you can't
get it anything you know means okay
thank you so much thank God
drop a life for ollie doing this
oh thank you so much for watching this
video please subscribe if you are new
hey I promise you even though I'm coming
down the trip I'm going to be uploading
for you guys and I keep my word for it
I'm uploading so I'm gonna try to keep
this up I don't know if I can upload on
the cruise because we're in the middle
of the ocean no service
you know the Wi-Fi is really really bad
but I'm going to try my best I'm going
to leave all these link in the
description down below peace out guys
thank you
damn you a real one bro you do anything
for your friends I love that about
brandy mess would like to get a video
done today way too stressed
wait till you try I told you to be in
whatever you need but I love gotta get a
video done it any day doing the water in
the water thank you guys so much for
watching I love you guys
