what is going on you guys granted your
AKA for once and um this video is going
to be i mean just everything on the spot
I had no idea I was going to be filming
this video I had no idea just yo if I
could ask one thing from you guys please
watch this video especially if you guys
like to watch a lot of my videos please
watch this videos that I do know why
mom's other side of the country's gut
okay I'm just going to get right into it
so about a month ago or two months ago
oh wait first off let me start off by
saying that right now that it's 4 p.m.
just remember that is 4 o'clock ok back
to what I was saying so about a month
ago maybe even two months ago me and my
best friends we're all hanging out they
were just downstairs you know we were
watching TV and one of us came up with a
plan Ollie of course with all these he
goes yo it's summer break and and he
wanted to do something because we've
been best friends for so long me all we
roll Mel Jordan just income off we've
all been best friends for so long but
we've never ever you know went out it's
like vacation we never went out and done
anything by ourselves you know the most
we do we go to the gym and play
basketball we go to a restaurant and we
eat but we've never ever gone like
somewhere crazy and so all these tiles
down is like you know what let's do
something crazy this summer we're
getting older before you know it we're
going to be married and so they came up
with a plan to where all of us we would
go to Miami Florida for a couple of days
and then from Miami we would get on a
huge cruise ship and we would go to the
Bahamas the island on a cruise and this
would be a one-week thing we would have
three days in Miami and four days on a
cruise and it sounded so fun and
everybody was down everybody was with it
you know everyone started calling
together days off from work and they
started checking if they had and you can
do for a spool they started talking to
their parents everything was said and
you know I'm over there I'm sitting like
yo this sounds really really fun let's
do it but you know I just to make sure I
get a video up every single days for the
Renoir's ball I can't just go on
vacation and you know
take works off and not upload for seven
days I'm not going to do that and so
they were like okay to figure that out
and let's go so about a week after that
we'll talk they they were booking their
fly in their cruise and you know Romel
book ollie booked just in both jordan
bugs and come all booked and so you know
it was my turn and throughout the whole
week between one of the plan came up and
from the day we were supposed to book
all of our stuff i was thinking you know
every single night like this sounds so
fun these are my best friends i love
them i would do anything to be with my
best friends just to go play basketball
or to go out for lunch and the fact that
it's like a whole vacation just up it
sounded so fun but i kept thinking how
am I going to be uploading all the
videos from the cruise the middle of the
ocean the Wi-Fi it's bad the service is
bad you're in the middle of the ocean
and so I started thinking to myself what
if I just took one week off from YouTube
if I took one week of no uploading to go
on vacation with my friends and then I
came to my senses I said I'm not doing
that I'm not leaving the block with no
uploads for a whole week that's crazy I
am NOT going to do that the most ever
since I started you to almost two years
ago ever since I started daily uploading
almost two years ago the most days are
this in a row in one day
I've never even missed two straight days
so the fact that this vacation was going
to be seven days and I can't really
upload from the middle of a cruise is
like I can't do it vote one day okay two
days maybe that's okay but seven eight I
can't do it and so came my time for me
to both my son and my cruise and I just
told them all alive yo I'm sorry like
you guys have fun I know you guys want
me to go but I can't go I don't want to
leave with the water log without the
videos for seven days I can't do that
and you know trust me I felt like I felt
like shit because my mom and dad is
contained in the room and they're like
Brandon just go on vacation you know you
could lead you to just for a week like
six days it's okay and I told my mom and
dad like no I don't want to do that some
of you
that watch my video you go to sick in
the hospital and my videos get you
through your day some of you guys get
bullied at school and you come home
crying but you watch my videos and it
makes you feel better
some of you guys you rely on mine in my
brother's video for your happiness and
so I don't want to let go of that for
one week I don't want to leave you guys
with no video for a week I feel like I
have one job to do one job and that's to
make video everyday so I told my mom and
dad like mom dad I know you want me to
go and you want me to have fun this is a
once in a lifetime opportunity when I
tell you this is once-in-a-lifetime I
need my friend God you know they got
worked off they had to beg their boss
they got school days to where they
weren't they didn't have anything too
important it just it all felt perfectly
and I just I didn't book I was like yo
I'm sorry but I can't I can't do it and
so you know they were obviously I'm not
going to say they were bad but they were
upset they were like come on Brandon
like you're a part of our group we love
you we want you to come with us this is
never going to happen again we've never
done this before this is the first time
and we want you to be there and I just
told them I'm like you know I appreciate
it and I want to go I really do but I'm
not even you know leave all my
supporters and without videos for that
long and if I did upload from the cruise
I would just be in the group all night
editing and uploading and you know I
would just be killing everyone's mood I
pulled them on like let's just say I
didn't book my cruise and I came with
you guys and you guys are all out having
fun swimming you know going to the club
and you guys asked me to go and I'll be
like oh sorry I have to stay in the room
and edit my video or work on my video
and I would just be like a kid like I
would just kill everybody who died would
make everybody like whatever you know
they kept trying to get me to go they
were like Brandon come on you know you
could miss a couple of days you could
come with us
and I'm just like no I'm sorry so my mom
and dad were upset with me they were
like Brandon you're young you're in here
20 just go have fun and I'll just like
no please everybody stop talking to me
in Dalia I'm not going to go you guys
have fun and enjoy so that is over
I didn't look everybody looked except
for me I'm not gonna lie
I was upset you know I was going to
sleep that night like damn and obviously
just like
I'm always telling me there like it's up
to you there's no like mandatory
contract that says you must upload every
day it's up to you but I do my mom and
dad like yo I just like I said earlier I
feel like I just have one job to upload
every day and if I'm not doing my job
and like what I don't know so you know
day in and day out it's been like a
month and every single day when I see my
friends at the gym they're just like
okay where they did you change your mind
you know you still have time come on
so a lot and I tell you that every day
they kept telling me like begging me
telling me they want me to go and it
just kept it made me feel bad until it
got to the point where I told them
online yo please stop asking me because
you guys make it seem like I don't want
to go it's not that I don't want to go
it's just I want to leave my supporters
without videos for that long you know I
didn't say to their face but you know
the supported you guys my friends you
know you guys are up here but no oh
really so every day to get at a time you
Brandon come on it's a one-time thing
same thing day in and day out they kept
trying to convince me they kept trying
to convince me
so last night because they're leaving
today everyone's leaving today and so
last time was the last time that I'm for
the fina for a week and I usually see my
friends every single day so the last
time I got to see them I went bowling
with them we all went bowling I'm like a
goodbye it feels like they're going away
for ten years but it's really only one
week and so after bowling you know I
said my goodbyes I told everybody have
fun be safe you know I wish I could come
and I'm not going to leave the brats
quad for that long and again let me just
say because I know a lot of people are
going to be like oh you could just log
on the cruise and upload it but like I
said they're all going on the crew to
have fun and you know go out and hang
out so I don't want to go on the cruise
and then stay in the room editing the
whole time I can do that at home I don't
want to be like a buzzkill like for
example all you would be like ayo baby
let's go out and I'll be like no thanks
I got to edit my video and upload it so
today the day has come they're all
leaving okay everybody's going on the
cruise everyone's going on vacation to
go to Miami Florida and you know I go to
the gym my daily routine this morning to
finish my video I went to the gym and I
go and I feel Romel and nobody else was
there no one except for Romel and I'm
like bro what are you doing
thought you were leaving and he said
yeah we're leaving later you know the
flight is until tonight and I just came
to shoot around a little he's just paint
to play some basketball
so we play basketball and it's over
basketballs done I'm about to go home
he's about to go change and go to the
fight and he comes up to me and he's
like hey Brandon
just know I'm going to be sending you a
bunch of snapchats I'm gonna be sending
you a bunch of pictures and videos he
was making me feel so bad and then he
was like this was like well I mean I
understand I mean you can't come up to
saying it's gonna be so fun like he
guilted me so bad and so I looked him in
the eyes and I said Romel bro
he told me what type of was I said no
I'm serious go on your phone and look up
if there the extra room on this flooding
and so you pulled up his phone you were
smiling you achieve he was going crazy
so he pulled up his phone and it turned
out there was a few extra spots on the
flood so then I just I was so like he
made me feel so guilty and so bad he I
was like you know what booked me on the
flight booking and he was about to book
it I'm like don't do it I read up I'm
like no don't do it bro just go have fun
stop trying to guilt trip me you know
maybe one other day who knows and then
you know what he says he goes alright
bro just remember it sooner or later
we're going to be married we're gonna
have kids you know we're not gonna have
time for vacation and I'm just like
Robel bro stop stop
don't do this to me and so I leave the
gym they guilt trip me every day about
this but it was never this bad Romel put
it in a way where so you know I leave
and Rodell called me and he's serious
now he's like bro listen get on this
flight make videos right now go home and
make some videos and get on this flight
and you won't miss like a lot of days
like just go make some videos above all
and I'm just thinking about on my bro I
can't I can't I can't
and so I walked in type of house while I
was talking to Romel and my mom and dad
are home and they overhear the
conversation until they came up to me
and they said Brandon hang up the phone
hang up and so I thought my mom and dad
were getting mad so I said remember I'm
calling bad
so my mom and dad sit me down and they
said where they listen to us you're 22
you just turned 22 you're yelling these
are your best friend this is probably
never going to happen again they pretty
much told me I understand that you
upload every day but sometimes you just
license you've got to think about
yourself because the thing about me I'm
not trying to like you know act all 9:17
but I do put other people before me a
lot I think of others before myself and
my parents pretty much told me like it's
okay to be selfish sometimes not all the
time but for example like this it's okay
to miss a couple of you to date I'm
going to make some videos in advance I'm
going on this vacation guess what I just
did right now I booked the flight I
booked the cruise and nobody knows
except for Romel and I said well Mel
don't tell anybody because the surprise
at the end of this video I'm going to
pull up to one of their house right
before they leave to the airport and
just surprise it and I'm going to get
their reaction on camera so my parents
pretty much talked me into it first of
all I would never think that my parents
are talking into going on a vacation
with my friend you would imagine my
parents being like oh we're adults okay
stay home but no my parents were pushing
me and my mom and dad pretty much told
me like granted you work hard every
single day you deserve a vacation even
when I go to sneaker call or when I go
to LA or a lot of aigis I'm still
uploading every day I'm still blogging
I'm still staying up and editing they
pretty much told me Brandon even though
you travel you don't really go on
vacation you haven't been on vacation so
most days you've ever been ever since we
started YouTube is one day in the road
you've never even missed two straight
days so they pretty much show me yours
young this is never gonna happen again
go on vacation until I call grovel I
said don't tell anyone bra wonder
surprise that and so right now God look
I need to pet right now it's like I'd
say wow my body still complaint as well
but it's like 4:15 p.m. right now okay
they're leaving to the flight at 5p and
I need to bro I just booked my food
I booked my flight I need to tact and
guys don't tell anybody but I need to
make some videos in advance right so I
think I'm going to prank my mom or my
dad or Brian I don't know I'm trying to
think of a prank
because I need a video done so I need to
think of a prank really really quick so
I'm going on the trip this was so last
second everything happened today but my
friends are going to be so happy I can't
wait to get all their reaction on camera
and god I don't know if I'm going to be
vlogging on the cruise but like I said
four days is on the cruise and three
days is in Miami Florida so I think I'm
going to be vlogging the days in Miami
because the upload speed in a hotel is
at least decent but the upload speeds in
the middle of the ocean on a cruise ship
is terrible I won't even be able to get
upload done mom how crazy is this day
right now crazy really too too crazy
gonna see what I'm happy for you
remember I told you I know that's what I
told that you got you and Dad
guys how much times oh my god I need to
hurry up guys I'm gonna miss Bosley I'm
gonna miss my mom Bosley are you going
to miss me both no no but what about
when I told you they were all going
without me oh I was no sighs because I
know those are your friends for life
yeah I love them unlike human enjoy that
like that yes and doesn't it okay let's
convince him yeah yeah that's guys
that's the biggest thing that's why I
hate when people say Oh Brandon doesn't
take YouTube seriously or Brandon
doesn't take time on his videos god I
take this stuff seriously I was really
disclose to turning down the whole
vacation and everything just because I
didn't want to leave you guys without
videos and I'm still not leaving guys
without videos I'm not saying I'm going
to upload every single day of those
seven days I might miss like one or two
maybe two days the most but I'm first
year uploading five days at least out of
those seven days yeah okay well mom I
need to get to like I don't even know
what I need to get to but I need to get
to doing something so god the freaking
the cruise I don't even know how we got
on we were on the phone for so long
trying to get me on because at first
they said there were no slots available
but thankfully last second someone
cancelled somebody that was supposed to
go on this cruise cancel and so I'm
taking that person spa I don't even know
who it is the shout out to you cancel
because imagine guys right when I
finally
agreed y1 romel finally convinced me we
called the cruise line and they're like
oh hey sorry it's booked and we were
like Dan and then they said but somebody
might cancel we'll call you back and
somebody really cancelled so shout-out
to damn how crazy is that I'm actually
going I did literally ask you last night
like why would you go with them and you
said I don't know I just can't
yeah you're going the last I have to
boil I hugged all them I was like y'all
have fun be safe
well now I'm going but you know none of
them know except for Mel I'm getting
their reaction a surprising yeah I'm
surprising them at their house when they
leave for the airport Ali's gonna
freaking know all he's gonna know
himself
excuse my language all these going to
done somebody doesn't get just if
they're all going to be real happy just
emerging from all Kamal Ollie and me
right and that is the dynamic done every
six okay guys but I need to pack I just
freaking okay got so yeah I'm going on
vacation this is going to be really
really exciting with all my best friends
like I said we've never been on vacation
not even on a one day vacation let alone
one whole week it's going to be late
going to be crazy I'm going to have
Miami vlogs up for you guys
again I don't know if I could vlog on
the cruise just because the upload and
the service in the middle of the ocean
is going to be trashed so I don't know
if I can get videos up but I'm going to
try my best I hope you guys enjoy the
videos not done I'm gonna get their
reaction and just stay tuned you're
they're going to be so surprised
okay guys there's actually crazy the
rush I'm in right now it's insane
I've never been in this position it's
4:30 right now in just imagining the day
of not only the day of like I said
they're leaving at 5:00 p.m. at like 3
o'clock is when I booked my flight and
my cruise just think about that three
o'clock booking a flight and acroos and
leaving at five that day I just can't
believe that's happening I really can't
believe it
good thing we'll Mel showed up to the
gym before Mel never showed up to Jim I
swear I would have just left the gym
like any other day came back home and
mom I'm gonna miss you so much you know
let me love you so now of course I would
I thought I recognized okay guys we have
the mastermind behind all this I know I
got Brandon to finally come to Miami get
all we up I got you guys all leaving it
oh my gosh God what are you doing here
are we gonna hang out or when you guys
leave out are you guys we don't tell me
what we I thought we were going to hang
out one last time you better leave right
now I thought you're leaving tomorrow
Brandon stop don't do this right now
well aren't you gonna leave tomorrow I
swear you leaving tomorrow are you going
I can't go I told you I had to do my
videos and everything the larger here I
came to say bye yesterday when I said
violent enough but really have fun be
safe
she drove all the way here just to say
biting me well I thought we were close
we're best friends I mean yeah we said
bye I'm going as well oh my god I'm
coming oh god I swear like my luggage
tire I promise I swear I I swear I'm
coming I'm editing on the plane I'm
doing my videos on the plane I recorded
at home both fine colors for so much it
was last-minute 3:00 p.m. today 3:00
p.m. I had nothing both it was the most
stressful thing and then I filmed videos
and every time even Carol stress on your
fucking collar let's go wait how did you
get anything on you like two hours if he
literally told me no I'm sorry man I
can't make I can't do this in that I
thought I wasn't going robbing a charity
water so hi bro
it's a friend I'm not going I just came
to say bye now we can't get the fuck out
in seven days of us together yeah oh my
god my god I told us our first vacation
together like brawl he's gonna sleep in
my bed I swear he's gonna know he's
gonna fall asleep somewhere else and I'm
gonna wake up he's gonna be in my bed
watch I can order Hey I'm literally I'm
sweating right now because I have an
adrenaline rush I was like let down for
a while let's save the rest of the top
and everything for Miami shout out shout
out to the baddest quadri really in the
mother we're really in Miami on the
cruise everything I don't know how I
made it don't ask me my dad was like
both you're crazy and I too
I paid like triple what everyone only
imagine looking on today that day of and
not just paid but everything was like
books I had to like wiggle my way around
it was crazy anyway God thank you so
much for watching this video today was
probably like a boring video but I just
wanted to tell you guys not boring for
me yeah now boy for all these all these
best day of his life
today yeah was kind of boring I just
kind of want to let you guys know how it
went from not going not going to going
last second I hope you guys still
enjoyed like I hope you enjoy every one
of my videos drop a like if you did if
today's a big thumbs up if today's video
was going don't worry we'll have lived
logged in Miami tomorrow we're going to
be in Miami I'm a vlog everything what
are you most excited about for Miami
honestly I'm excited to be a complete
honestly spend quality time with all my
boys
Polly shop Holly always a liar Zola are
you excited
Thank You rehearsal no Bo I'm here I'm
ready
look at my mouth showing support
watching my videos only what I mean yeah
only cuz he's in it that's the only
reason I really don't understand how I'm
here right now glad you're here are you
that was the biggest mission I've ever
busted in my life look at how many
Middle Eastern one two three and four
time to edit
shoutout
I thought to start editing guys get
these videos knocked out
