see you later mother yes to the gym oh
my gosh Debbie is flexible Wow
we need a girl like that yes I know
today's Tuesday yes I know I have a game
later but it doesn't matter I'm still
going to the gym I'm about to go play
some basketball what you have a problem
with me vlogging you came out of nowhere
so yeah guys I'm on the way to the gym
go meet up with some of my friends and
play some basketball and then later
tonight I have a really really important
basketball game oh by the way guys I'm
really feeling these Kyrie shorts you
already know why I'm wearing this Kyrie
2 Phoenix if he doesn't go to Phoenix I
can return these shorts but for now it's
Kyrie 2 Phoenix so I got Kyrie Irving
shorts guys I'm sorry but this song will
forever remind me of LeBron James listen
is always going to remind me of King
James but in case he doesn't get traded
to Phoenix Kyrie you got to keep the tag
in Casey doesn't get traded a phoenix
your attorney how many in a row did we
win like horde
fuck yeah
I was remote so mad you hit the game
plan in his face like I might pick him
up tonight for our game because I hit a
game-winner in his face so I feel bad
when all this trash gotta get off
another game-winner
another game-winner well we won five in
a row now no I knew right when I thought
I just sorted father
it went in but I'm drenched right now
mr. game-winner shot up 48 points today
I don't know about 48 I don't know about
that Autobots a nice game why do you
think I'm burnt out for a year you know
maybe at least I'm literally dying of
thirst I forgot to buy a drink at the
gym and my house is way too far away so
I'm stopping at this taco shop just to
buy a drink they're going to be like no
tacos no burrito just a drink yes sir
I'm dying after playing basketball hi
good afternoon
um hi I can I actually just get a drink
um you oh go to the window okay yeah
just a drink
oh she's driving the money no oh I
thought I left my credit card at home oh
my gosh I used to come to this taco shop
all the time when I lived here I miss it
so much I missed this whole area
honestly feels like home when I'm back
here can I just get the pallor a yeah
yeah there was no way I'm making it back
home without a dream I live like 35
minutes away there's no way but yeah
guys for those who don't know I actually
still go to the same gym that I used to
go to when I lived here and I make the
drive it's like 35 minutes away from our
new house every single morning just to
play basketball with my friends
and the almost 40 minute drive is now
over 40 minute drive done wait it's
raining which is super weird for here in
sunny San Diego summertime that's weird
they have it rain here and so long
did you miss me while I was at the gym
if you miss me give me five Bosley you
can miss me oh you didn't miss me that's
why you're following me upstairs huh
when they say they don't miss you but
they end up right by your side uh-huh
exactly Bosley I know you miss me Bo
that's why you're in my room why you
gonna fumble you guys might be asking
Brandon why'd you drive so far to the
gym every single day is there a gym
close to your new house and yes there is
there's actually a gym like five minutes
away but the reason I Drive all the way
back to where our old house was and
almost forty minutes away every single
day and 40 minutes back is because all
my friends play basketball at that other
gym and you know growing up I lived in
that area for 17 years and I played
basketball with my friends almost every
single day for years and years and years
so now that we moved into this new house
I don't want to go to the new gym
because we're all busy you know they
weren't they go to school I do daily
almost and I live far away so we're all
busy that's like the only time I still
get to see my friends so if I go to a
different gym I pretty much won't even
be seeing my friends anymore those are
my best friends I love them and every
time I Drive down there you know I Drive
past our old house and I miss it so much
it just brings back so many memories of
the area and the house and don't get me
wrong I love this new house but I'm
still getting used to it every time I
Drive to the gym and I Drive into the
community of the old house that still
feels like home that still feels like
where I live not over here but I'll get
used to it a lot of people including my
mom and dad they call me crazy they're
like why don't you just go to a gym over
here there's plenty of gym but no oh and
Kairi to Phoenix please oh you ready you
ready to get this win why no we're going
to start for I know let's do it got
I played my basketball earlier at the
gym I'm done with that now it's time to
turn my focus to the actual game we have
a game tonight and it's actually a
really really big game because so far
our team has started three and oh three
wins and 0 losses were undefeated and I
made a promise to myself before the
season started because last season we
missed the playoffs we were so bad we
missed the playoffs so I made a promise
to myself when this season started I
said not only do I want to get back to
the playoffs not only do I want to win
the championship but I want to go
undefeated
I want to go ten and OH and so far were
three and O so we've started really
really good today's actually a really
tough game I think today we're playing
the toughest team that we played so far
we made such a big improvement compared
to last season I've never ever got the
whole season undefeated that's hard but
so far we're on the right path I hope we
continue I'm going to do my best I'm
gonna try my best like always I'm always
giving my all I always play my heart out
every time I'm on the court and oh I
forgot to mention we are going to be
picking up Rome elf because two of my
teammates are missing so without them we
only have four players and if we only
have four players we were going to have
to forfeit so I was trying to find
somebody and I hit up my boy Ali's but
he has a games and I also at the same
time and then today I hit a game-winning
shot in my mouth face and I said well
you know what since I hit a game-winning
shot in your face you can play on our
team so ro Mel's going to be with us
which means we only have five players
for the day that means none of us could
take a red none of us could take a break
we're gonna have to play the whole
entire game anyways I'm ready I need to
change into my Jersey in my shorts and
I'm ready to go let's start for a No the
season has been really really good so
far like I said I'm proud of all my
teammates so let's try to make it for a
note and I can't wait for tonight's game
guess what everybody
surprised here could avoid
yeah why don't you blow your hair for
anemia
oh you think I'm great is gonna go the
other day and I'll ever say a week in a
day before a haircut
that's a singer a week max so before I
go to the game look I have all my game
clothes right here I'm gonna rush over
to the barbershop lower in there okay
guys so I change into my game clothes I
got my hair cut you know get cut by the
best Paul the best barber in San Diego
and now it is time to go to my game and
try to keep this undefeated season going
shut up alas squad we in the village
come all sleeping on the Toshack look
who's here for me third option today
third he thinks he was a third option
I asked 300 people before I astral milk
guys ramela didn't want to pay for a pee
fluid so we have the windows open
oh mine you know what you want to pay
for a seafood we'll turn it on I'll pick
my wallet sorry you forgot it wall so
now we have windows open
Oh
Oh
Oh oh yeah
Kumasi
now oh really
let's go Brandon
who
Oh
oh yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
good job guys
Oh
Wow oh my
wei brian he made him fall
that's the way to do about it
we need important the thumbnail
Gulabo
how many points is right now
should that
we're up by 17
in the reason
game over
Germa game all day so here's the beat
this is Brandon's love song Romel great
game how many points did you score he
had at least 20 remote played good yet
at least 20 Brian went off Brian went
crazy like you know one players just
start chucking up every single shot they
don't even look at the rim and it just
goes in Brian went off Brian pops to you
you did super good unless yank is when I
leave for the night here's the star of
the game by and Wade god I want to
congratulate you got by how many points
did you end up with 23 damn 23 points at
least five steals Brian went off
yesterday got Brian's career-high was 22
he's scored 22 1 was that like two
seasons ago yeah so Brian career-high
was 22 he had 21 points and there was
only well like 5 seconds left or 10
seconds left and I knew in my head and
he was only 2 points away so with like 5
seconds left I don't know if you saw at
the end of the game if you didn't please
go back and we watch it I invented the
ball just it all the way to the full
court to Brian and then he made the way
about the very very last like second or
last to take another game to get his
career-high 23 points
that's that brotherly on what he called
where the brothers like sense what the
other one is telepathy something like
that I just sensed that Brian needed
that last shot so I took the ball
chunked all the way down the court and
Brian got his career-high way Anthony
what is the difference with you and
Bosley limousine I honestly don't see a
difference well guys in case you didn't
know that's my cousin Anthony and they
say
or should I say fuck boy we haven't
heard that in a while because your
breath anyways guys we had a really
really good game yesterday so far were
for a note we're still undefeated
so my promise to myself stays true I
want to go undefeated but who cares
about the regular season undefeated I
want to also win the championship that's
the main main goal
shout out to the other team they played
a good game but my team was on fire I
don't like I wish you play like that
every single game like I said wait let
me put the camera down because it's
weird holding it and I don't know why I
don't know if you know this everytime I
vlog and hold the camera I literally
just walk around before
and I returned and everything that I am
when I talk on the phone I don't just
stand and talk I literally walk all over
the place but anyway we played a really
really good game I'm proud of all my
teammates I only had I think 13 points
yesterday everybody else was hot so I'm
like okay I don't even have to score
I'll just keep passing the ball passing
I had a lot of assists because Brian was
on fire Romel shouts Rovelli was on fire
Craig's Alvin
everybody played good so I'm hoping to
keep this up the rest of the season for
know so far great way yesterday I hope
you guys enjoyed this video it is time
for me to lead to the gym and go play
some basketball goal to start my
40-minute drives to go play basketball
I'm taking acid Wiggins oh Anthony you
ready okay yeah so that just shows how
much you want to listen Jim but yeah I
need to go to the gym right now I'm
ready it's time to go play some
basketball anyway I hope you guys did
enjoy this video please drop a like if
you enjoyed drop a like for us taking
the W drop leg for Brian's best game is
career-high drop a life to roll Mel
showing up and playing with us just drop
like please anyway thank you so much for
watching I really do hope you guys
enjoyed the waters I'm out I love you
guys all peace long time no see because
some people say oh are you not friends
with oli anymore come on don't be crazy
just cuz I live so oh my god we got a
lot of beef yeah we got beef if you're
wondering why I'm chilling out all these
nails right now it's because my game
starts soon and like I said my house is
so far away so I don't want to drive all
the way to my house and then drive all
the way back so all these being kind
enough to let me stay in a cow horse
anytime for a little bit on to our game
starts do you need anything your water
and your coke sprite um what kind of
coke diet
