look how mad he's gonna guess I didn't
allow logging where are we going
well when I did tell Brian is that I
want to be vlogging our pally molitor's
can't get away from these cameras
Kendall Broadway first things first
move the from there it's like a good
thing to wake up like I'm doing this hey
jebby I'm gonna go next on your
onboarding kids this is how I turned on
the AC last night oh my god super hot I
woke up at like 3:00 in the morning and
the AC is over there yeah they see
thermometers over there so I woke up
3:00 in the morning
I was ripped like it's a big guitar
section okay I really don't look I go
like things imagine she just starts
walking up the worst part is I couldn't
see what they said no they had to turn
on go on yeah
no I didn't even turn on allowed to get
into your face so I just guess whatever
was and then when I fucking hold back I
really do need to look wanting an ice
cream back at 3:00 in the morning okay
go change and get ready for a fun-filled
vlog adventure brother how does the
adult center on like the Disney kid
shows fake they're like because you know
when you're an adult you have to be nice
to draw on like a kids show P hey guys
how's good did people do that like this
hey guys look
today we're going to be coloring and
teaching you how to run okay hey guys
welcome back to this episode of coloring
with Bay's rug and today we're gonna be
teaching it like I said I hope you guys
learn because if you don't you're gonna
get in trouble by your teacher if people
know what we're like all canopies
yeah oh I'm gonna need you at the mall
to buy something really really expensive
so I could have you holding the bag and
then at my title you really bought this
away I mean phase rug really bought this
guys knowing Brian he was already going
to buy something super expensive anyways
so I didn't even need to tell him that
but do I really need to change dude okay
let me just wear socks so that people
don't throw up at the food court when
they see my toes the last name was look
a lot is a lot of shades on the strip
thank you good answer you careful watch
your head
there we go we can I get my seat right
here please no sir
I got you sir have a nice day it's okay
you'll live it's a preview of where
you're going after you die so Brian you
wanted me to drive right yes so Brian
might not know the rules rule number one
I know we live in sunny hot San Diego
but the a/c doesn't turn on printing
stop you're lying
are you paying for my a/c fluid Brandon
you better turn the a/c on right now
it's literally 100 dollars that will see
how much you have to pay after the ride
is it depends how many miles we drive
how much a/c fluid is wasted how high
would you like the ACS um like out of
three okay your wallets might not take
that much of a hit but number two is my
music baby let's go Brian hates when I'm
gonna be listening to views I know yeah
you have to turn PC on sir now I can see
how hard it is how hard would you want
the ACS link the most the mulch in your
wall I'm gonna be empty after this trip
guys look I don't know if you can tell
but it is a whopping 100 100 degrees how
would you like to pay for a premium a/c
fluid just design a mono cuz this is the
I have to pay to roll the window down
okay that's extra 600 Wei Brian there's
a new rule if you roll the window down
while the ACS on the new charges 1150
okay okay guys so Brian you know he
doesn't know the type of music I listen
to so let me just say Brian this is a
newest song that I've added to my
playlist I don't know if you were born
with it came out let's hear it I'm
scared well it's huge
born and feeling like these days i leave
brush my teeth with a bottle and
genitally bullet nah I ain't coming back
the way my favorite immeuble done they
my baby brother do it
okay I just like to choose okay do you
know the tango um it's by Kesha yeah
hold you know you'll know your love is
my drug look when I love Kesha
no actually can we do Lady Gaga to Lady
Gaga Katy Perry and Kesha and Taylor
Swift or we ask some good memories of
Taylor Romeo take written one of them
now I'm lying on the cold hard ground Oh
Oh coming again that's an awfully baby
we have to pull these okay okay okay see
I bet you didn't like my music no I like
the throwback dogs right feel like a hot
little high school thought right now
wait you're gonna have to hold my phone
on you get a type an album this album is
one of my favorites and it's called
Teenage Dream by Katy Perry's that is TV
and I got a artist g3 that's dream leti
not a JK
it just sounds like true so
okay and don't shuffle it cuz I like the
first month on the corner well educated
Gary right now my first crunch I swear
right how young when you see what like
20 W like 12 cougar like I did quite an
order Teenage Dream you think I'm pretty
without any makeup by the time you see
my company both copy right away I came
home okay
safety first thing I don't notice a hole
so we're here first of all Brian
survived on a Taylor Swift and Katy
Perry playlist
I'm a doctor Jimin L yeah I was no oh my
god Johnny this just makes you want to
get converted on going out four of my
girlfriends in like the middle of the
freeway no not girlfriend doesn't like
do bad things and I mean friends that
you talk about it yeah and then like
you're on the freeway with the wind
blowing in your hand of someone in the
fucking glasses in your ass and on your
eyes oh no hula Brian spot the designers
section oh no this is vine favor this is
like for me basketball shorts heavy nine
hours later mall almost clothes they
told us they have two minutes ago closes
and I didn't buy anything we're finally
out of the designer section and we're
going to more I'm just joking we were
only here for like five minutes so I'm
just here with Brian wherever he wants
to go away that's the logo she nailed
our voices are like kind of gone because
of the concert we had in the car yeah we
actually like Katy Perry and Taylor
Swift they're lucky when they go on
concert they only sing their songs but
me and Brian staying everybody songs we
sang Katy Perry we sang Taylor Swift
Lady Gaga to everybody but now we're
going to go eat ah don't you feel so bad
for the chicken like imagine it used to
be a lot and he put it on the grill and
now like you know what I feel like being
nice not only do you not to pay for AC
fluids
I'll get your food
you'll live for me can he add a million
sector puzzle pieces yeah please no
order like again look guys I decided you
know how about I give you half off on
the a sequence how much is the 18 today
people who came out to $262 engine so
after the discount it's $131 all right
I'll take the husband and would you like
AC on the car ride back or no no no okay
how we're gonna do but guys I will cover
Brian through Saint bloody butter hey
brother what did you get
what do you think I come I don't know
that's got a burrito
yeah let's see what it all is wrong and
not only did I pay for your meal but I'm
sharing the sushi with Brian actually
are you a son fan or sushi fan okay and
what did I get I got chicken and shrimp
teriyaki smells good I know it does okay
Brian let's enjoy our meal and no phones
no cameras nothing okay yeah let's just
take it back to the old game great even
the birds where can I stay jogging to
ask for a picture Brian just take it
with them really quick hey hey go go
Bosley no come back come back Bosley
we're joking coming
come here Bosley come on come on give me
kids Bosley come here no don't touch
that one's mine Bosley if you touch the
forty-three I'm gonna play in the garage
no no don't don't even think about it
no no no good boy good boy
don't take it don't take it don't take
it Brian
get up on fina from your hand because if
it attacks you I have a good tight on
thumbnail come on pussy take it back now
or else come in hey go back behind not
me guys look so we're in Louis Vuitton
right now you know super fancy store
imagine they look at Brian they're like
ok yeah he shops here they look at me
I'm in the Brian that means hey how are
you Brian in my language guys oh my gosh
this is so funny look at me so Brian's
trying to pick out some shades so he's
testing them on listen I just have to
tell them like shades aren't for me
you look like a bodyguard where yeah
like the skinniest bodyguard on earth no
guys these are literally please give me
your 3d glasses when you exit the ride
yeah fine you look better in shades and
I do trust advising it was I think
they're nice no you think you can't rock
shake fine I can't roll yourself I just
try I want to because what am I taught
ups on the ride yeah okay
oh she's are a huge role yeah I don't
think you can okay
this what even is this Ryan it's $3,200
just for like a jacket with the GameCube
logo fine you better not buy the game to
blah blah what is this a pair of PJ's
for like $10,000
Brian shoe sale shoes put your foot up
oh he stole them shades number 734 that
we've tried on I think those ones look
good you like me one yeah
tbh us middle Easterns with big noses
before we buy certain like sunglasses or
hats or clothes we have to try them on
and look at the side view to see how big
our nose look in them I know
blinds like okay they look good from the
front but let me see how big my nose is
from the side do you imagine me Brian oh
wait Brian I need to get a massage I
need what oh wait the cheers are taken
know all these damn kids taken the
chairs don't they know there's old
people of old age we need massages like
me
some of us actually have broken backs
from playing too much basketball doctor
would you say my back is broken or just
hurt white guys on a sidenote know this
serious it's not joking I really need to
get back to going to the chiropractor
because Brian member I used to go every
single month yeah I used to have to go
every month because my lower back was so
bad he told me why it's because I play a
lot of basketball without letting my
body rest like I'll be super sore super
tired and I'll still force myself to
play until the chiropractor said that
that's really bad for my back but I
stopped going to the chiropractor I
think I need to start going back no pun
intended and don't worry guys Jackie
does her best to massage it and she gets
the knots out but sometimes you just
need like medical help and my lower back
is bad see this is store number five
million and Brian still hasn't bought
anything little it's all here how about
these for you
is there a younger one are they I think
Brian could rock these and how did Brian
know they were by real what doesn't this
man know owner of almost six million
subscribed YouTube channel just look at
it such a good man raised by two very
very great parents who are your parents
again mama relgion papa
oh it's not their real name yeah he has
looked at so I already have my eyes on
shades like that I'm gonna first get it
I have my eyes on shades technically you
have your shades on your oh my god
gorgeous no points oh my gosh bo guys
look so Brian picked up these Givenchy
shorts and you know they look nice they
look like something I would wear yeah
you know it's nothing too crazy this is
something out works so I'm like yo bye
and I might pick those up how much are
they open the case open the case both
fakes under $600 how I bought these for
$22 and they feel just as good I know
those are actually super nice okay guys
it was too tempting I'm trying on the
shorts Brian they separated us Dan you
told me you would never let anyone come
between us lies I know why can't we just
change in the same fitting room Brian
come here just crawl from under I'm just
joking guys he's like three down he's
not right next door or else I would've
snuck under for him but if I sneak under
there somebody else and I'll probably
get in
so let's not do that look just just for
fun I'm going to ask Brian if he thinks
I should sneak under in our language
hopefully the guy next door it doesn't
speak the same language as us Brian Josh
would um chicken ratio costed I Gabe you
will Paulson Ilya
imagine if to go and expose speaks that
language I said Brian - I'm gonna stick
my head under and then pop Thomas scared
okay guys sadly I think these are too
small look at this they come up like
inches off my me I would have got them
but this is the biggest size they have
and it's still way too small so I'm
gonna let Brian get this size and drive
like a small mine are fine yours are
straight look at mine I'm gonna frickin
follow me oh my fuck all my stuff where
they're like no pull them a little down
or no if you want just get the medium
because I can't get these languages
either good try on to me come come come
here no we're gonna get in trouble
should I come in with you you need okay
fine so you know are we just going to
stay o koalas and fades or gone section
I can't say all my stuff on there my
phone and keys and everything so here
you get the medium by they're way too
small me wait how am I going to go back
to the fitting room Brian I'm in my
freakin boxers okay guys so bond expects
me to go back to the same room so yeah
those are stray brightly the medium
someone so myself if they have my size
we could imagine okay I'll get these
okay guys Brian let me just weigh them
so I can go back to the sitting-room we
go okay guys so the door is locked and
all my stuff are in there my phone my
key my honors go go go can even fit you
cannot
cuz I'm sorry oh my god imagine I mean
come under you can't record under
fitting-room that's against the law
I feel about like saying please
according to the pigments I could sue
you
oh yes I I'm just handing him his camera
right in here oh right what do you do
both
is that enough pursuing thumbnail hole
let me get this angle okay guys so Brian
ended up buying the shade buying throw
them all let's see listen don't make fun
no I think you look good it's just going
to take time to get used to because you
never wear shades but honestly I think
you look good that's so nice better than
anything my mom ever asked me for
Christmas just joking mom I know that
comes from the heart though those bad
boys on and let's see how sexy you look
if you all laugh I'll be mad at Ryan 1
through 10 you're looking like a snack
no way yeah thanks oh wait thumbnail
yeah you could like hold them up and
look surprise
look more surprised come on brother I
know you can do better than this you
want to get into acting look surprised
look surprised drop down and give me 20
just joking hold on wait wait let me get
this side oh I think this is better oh
yeah guys no better feeling than finally
getting a good sum here oh wait there's
someone behind you wait wait for them to
walk out and then I'm going to surprise
pose there's a good view by Tara
and I think that's good cuz nothing
better than trying a million different
angles and spots for a thumbnail and
then finally finding the perfect one
it's so refreshing oh we're here with
mr. famous but is I hate mr. Hollywood
no it's just joking by they actually
look good and the more you wear them the
more you get used to em they look
they're going to look better Justin hi
perfect perfect so I look like phase
hundred I feel like unless I look like a
whole different person
you're either mr. Hollywood or you're my
bodyguard okay guys me and Brian are
like I don't know I find this super
funny but so today me and Brian met a
bunch of fans first of all shout out to
you guys we love you guys yeah what's
fun meeting all you guys but then we
just stopped and started thinking we're
like do you think my mom meets fans in
public and obviously she does I mean my
mom is dope my mom is super cool but
imagine my mom taking pictures fail I
just thought my mom always like even if
the band doesn't have a phone my mom
will take it on her phone yeah like my
mama on her phone she's oh wait I'm so
funny my mom meeting chairs in public
that's actually so cool tipping up my
mom needs a bunch of bands in public
okay guys so Brian is still
self-conscious he keeps taking snapshots
of himself in the glass I've never
ordered so much before I told you a
million times you look good anyways guys
I'm going to close the video out right
here but you already know when I'm going
to close the video it takes like a
couple minutes
so guys I'm known for my super lucky
here I go again guys I'm known for my
super long outros I just keep talking
and talking about and repeating and
repeating and repeating but I can't you
want to throw shade with those shades
huh just cause you wear shades you think
see you're lucky you have shades I don't
but I could look straight into the car
without getting hurt anyways guys thank
you so much for watching today's video
if you got miss Jackie she had something
to do for like her college classes so
she was actually on campus and she was
gone for the day so I spent the day with
Brian and Brian day know I was vlogging
when I said let's go to the mall but
Brian you're the thing I can't an
opportunity to give them a vlog with you
I feel like you guys really like it when
we're together and hang out maybe other
all the time yeah it's fun it's funny so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video I
hope you're entertained Brian you're
crazy what did you buy you but the
sure sure and the glasses guys I'm not
going to lie the shorts actually looked
really nice and I wanted to buy them but
they didn't have my size so Brian I hope
you enjoyed your purchases guys I hope
you enjoyed this video drop a like if
you did drop a like for more videos of
me and Brian hanging out and now it's
time to O'Brien wait you can't get into
the car until you pay for the 8 oh yeah
I gotta do that I take part yeah you
guys watch the card on my ass like a
magic thank you okay go ah no okay guys
I hope you enjoyed this video it's time
to torture Brian with some more old
music haha and get me you want to walk
no no no just get me nicely bye guys
drop a like if you enjoy I love you guys
all and peace okay guys I know I already
close this video out so you shouldn't be
seeing me right now but I'm giving you
some extra footage
Brian I know I told you I would you know
let you some good music on the way back
so I'm like hey what's up Danny I do
that the wrong part anyways any wild
babies honestly god tsveti wat died down
so bad Mikey fell off the face of the
stairs but I still love it
