well this looks kind of dirty but wait
dad it says ages 5 to 12 but in my head
whenever it says age the rule is you can
always multiply by 3 so it actually
means 15 to 36 looks a different leaving
it all on me
yeah there's no difference that's
something yeah the body is the same guys
we've been out here for 9 min one minute
and I already stepped in bubbles poop 2
times Bodley come here you're in trouble
well are you going to go human bowling
with us no that's a nose you're just
going to ignore me Bosley you want to be
one of the bowling pins I don't think
you want to do that Bo ok guys so we
inflated the front so we can have a
little bit of a sliding surface but I
just got a call from Jackie saying that
wait first of all these pins are huge I
swear but I just got a call from Jackie
saying that she brought the whole entire
family food shout out to Jackie I
appreciate that and my family does too
so thank you so first we are going to
eat and then we'll continue the human
bowling flip inside
Oh
now we have to wait one hour to go
swimming tell them anything Godzilla
I've done all the guys on the video my
dad hates when I turn the hot tub on cuz
I go in the hot tub how holiday
yesterday like 90 degrees and I'm in one
so yesterday we you know we live in
sunny San Diego like 90 degrees I like
going in the hot tub and my dad hates it
but he's all like 7 or less that's fine
now I don't know hot telling people
don't go away I go in the hot tub prime
afternoon when the sun is shining it's
super hot oh yeah guys you know the rule
after you eat you up to a one hour
before you Quinn
but now you're going to do this loop
spotlight I have to wait one hour
what can I drown in the foot massage I
don't know how to swim
there's Bosley in every single inch
of this grass okay guys so the hose is
in the hose are in just joking okay here
we go now it's starting look the sexy
looks dope if only Bosley knew how to
swim if he wasn't this fat he would know
how to move his body but instead we had
to get the obese dog that's my fault I
picked him out for my 18th birthday
sorry family guys my girlfriend wanted
to participate in this human bowling
game but she can't she just got her nose
here it's yesterday not bleeding so she
can't get it what would this water or
else it'll get infected I'm scared I
know I keep looking down if I set them
potty okay so we go 3 2 1 I should work
at the bowling alley
okay so my dad trying to give me a
concussion come with an awesome he blood
this thing's beating the way we were
going to fit if I don't get a strike why
don't you and Ron look so alike I don't
know maybe my dad the same attitude look
up both of them it it's lit look this is
pretty good
watch how man my dad's gonna get wait
dad can we heat the water from the hose
or no it's cold guys it's like 90
degrees
okay oh really dad after this we all go
in the hot tub okay oh wait these aren't
my swimming shorts these are my
basketball shorts I have to go get my
swimming show it's really quick we're
going to put a pause on this video when
we come back I'm going to try to get
Brian to participate too I want to do it
like a family thing me and my dad my mom
and Brian Jackie can't participate
obviously so we're trying to get four
family members you don't sure it's not
let me see is it okay
now I know why my mom married you look
at that body ha ha I look fun it does
look fun remember I can swim even in
this mom you're telling me you canceled
it imagine me yeah this part you know if
I slide in it that's okay this isn't
deep but if I get in this pool I'm gonna
drown I can't swim in this end this is
like eight feet just joking guys oh my
god I thought I slept in Basel ooh mom
you think Basel can't even swim in zero
feet in one inch of water Bosley can
barely drink from its own water bowl you
want to swim oh yeah it's freezing we
have Jackie the ref since she can't
participate Jackie's job is to make sure
we don't cheat and we don't use our
hands so when we hit the pins it's only
with our head
because that's cheating if you use your
hands you could I swear except in buzzes
blue barefoot oh oh ref is that allowed
okay who's gonna go first you want to
try it first dad okay I really don't
know where Brian is
okay wait dad are you starting okay I
didn't say stop
what is going on Brandon gave water and
today we're doing human bowling we each
only get one time not two we need
telling it once I see how many pins we
can knock down no hands over your head
and my dad is lucky number one Gaga's
out PC
oh my well is that my god not got one
fellas later
well am II know in the bowling every
time you do too that way you can't do
not do to do to that fair that's their
weight it's up to the rest referee
before the game started we said we would
only do one dive but after my dad only
knock down one pin at least two times
okay okay yes so so the rules have been
changed because my dad did really bad so
now we each get two dives thanks referee
for not taking my side you're welcome
sounds like the basketball games huh
wait where are the gutters we don't have
right here protected what if I get a
gutter ball live into the minute
let's see if you can get a spare
oh oh right arrived that's it yes see we
didn't need a rest for this ok ref so he
knocked one off of it this one is still
on there but it's down so I don't know
how you want to count it that's up to
you Oh give it to me yeah Wow how much
did he pay you I got today oh you got
three mom you want me to go second okay
okay okay no using hands no only head
pinhead Larry we have one problem it's
only been 48 minutes since I ate so we
have to wait 12 more minutes
you know what mommy and daddy used to
say one hour
absolutey before you on the pool now
it's a live look is just like yeah I
don't have mine either you don't have my
okay you know what forget the watch
we're going in No oh by the way come on
I know these aren't swimming shorts I
know you go fastball so it's two but I
have basketball shorts to play
basketball in and that's boats are
swimming go I'm gonna get it right wall
oh my god
no they stand up by themselves oh yeah
I'm on the DL oh let's do yeah that's a
lie - what do you mean you know only the
stools down a booger okay hold on rest
okay we'll count this one all three oh
yeah went down it went back up oh no the
dark thing when you get lost I call this
one way into the dark sea yeah uh no
that won't count hey I'm the ref here
yeah that one counts we're also the lane
right - from in the grass on England
what is okay okay
oh my god you have to be this extra okay
watch out oh no I got one this is off
the lane it did fall yeah if it goes off
the way but it doesn't fall down but
nothing it still counts if it's awesome
yeah the diamond so what did I get five
yeah I almost got a spare guys I think I
despair but I spare arranged my wrist
for soon okay my mom's turned the
underdog
no I'm going to reach the pain right I'm
here you go three
thank you stupid oh come on one more
now my mom needs to put a little spin on
it my mom you have to start from your
spin like this not like oh do you did
awesome
yeah that's not you're laughing so hard
on a demo so let's update the scores I
got five out of six
my dad got three my mom got mom or poor
seven thank you subscribe good wet and
so Brian have to get more than five aka
ESN dogs all of the
to what the problems line is good on
this thing so he's gonna do that this is
a Brian type of video this how crazy
like yeah this is a hey who shows below
on the game he's wearing my basketball
shorts
so technically blind if you win I win
cuz I'm hey hey let's go
is it Mikey I don't like what a myself
like is going to cry it
I literally sprained both my weights and
rip my whole stomach you have to go with
your head I told him the rules right
there we'll give them another try
eyeballs I know Brian Martin hurts so
bad very very it close Oh Brian trying
to be slick and get away with it here
came it's bad yeah put your hands behind
your back oh yeah
look I wanted to talk I did it come on
sorry I know what he means he's saying
he hurt his balls and I know what it
means I just didn't want to say it but
if frickin truth and hurts actually
regulate all right yeah I got it
I want to come downstairs I'm like what
are they doing I see them I watch
someone I just have to show them houses
cuz this is a Brian type of video damn
it Brian
ruin everything oh my god you guys look
like penguins my mom says she's done I
think I did great Brian B that's the
first round so that's fun so now me and
my dad are going to go for a second
place you each get to a chances because
you're not that good Ryan is a goat all
the hell he came down for one second
strike and then went back up like it was
nothing okay dad you're first
yeah okay let's see this for a second
place I'll record you go make sure
there's no risky business going on I
don't trust
oooo so ghost Brian let's explore the
haunted bowling lane go dad
the rest is making sure that he paid her
enough so she could cheat out the pin
move the pin move the pin move oh wow
Ron you are weak but we'll give you how
much hey hey hey no no no no you knock
that down
okay how many should we give him three
or four I think that's four because he
got this one too so dad you got four two
more and you got a spare whenever you're
ready
oh my god I just set the ball again I
don't even want to check oh he got a
spare damn it he got the spare Congrats
dad so now I need a spear to tie and the
only way I could win is to get a strike
right am I going to get a strike
give me some of your power give him the
power please
okay guys I need a strike let's see if
I'm clutch Oh nope you go son ooh I did
who's better than you everybody go go go
go go Brandon go Brandon laughs no I got
my lip on something here Tiffany it just
came out my tooth almost see now okay so
I need a spear to tie I'm gonna get a
gunman Ryan my sukiyaki I know it hurt
ah
I'm never gonna have babies you're right
here we call it belly Ron calls it
protection okay sounding oh hey if you
want me to spin ya spend like you do
with the bowling sweat
oh my god I want to adjust with 1/4 foot
okay I already lost I tried to do
something stupid I'm Dean Omni times are
set in public yeah so you're not going
inside
so I already love but I want to try this
for fun I want to do the spin okay my
rig girl go No la la la since you went
nope you gotta take this LV ya at the
engine video oh I have to go editing
Fiats oh god oh wait oh no okay guys I
got carried away I thought okay finish
the video now just enjoy the day no I
gotta edit this video get it uploaded
for you guys anyways thank you guys so
much for watching this video I want to
try something a little different I swear
I felt like Phaedra is good video like
doing something right you need to do
more like this exposed yeah so I lost
cuz I try to do something stupid up and
third place moms will let you what will
give my mom first place oh I can't I
know
so we'll give my mom 1b and Brian is one
eight years away that is in place I lost
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching the video drop a like if you
enjoyed them I wish you tried it I know
it looks really fun I don't know what I
got last week no no I would have got
first oh yeah how did you do please turn
post notifications on anyways Pilates
I'm out singing up you saw guys that I
literally said let me go upstairs to
change into my swimming shorts these are
still basketball shorts but I have
basketball shorts to play basketball and
basketball shorts for swimming and I
have basketball shorts for sleeping
basketball shorts for our school
basketball shorts for
to the gym basketball shorts for the
mall you know which ones are for them
all the gray ones they when your
piercing heals and we can try that again
me and you Bosley the master finesse er
he was inside sleeping the whole time
and then now that he knew we finished so
we can't force him to try it then he
comes outside like Oh what was going on
here you knew Basel you just didn't want
to try it
