hey why are you shirtless whos winning
I want a vlog for a noise right I'm
gonna call them right now no run let me
so Brian had a 4-1 lead forget the
Warriors having a 3-1 lead Brian hey I'm
not depicted right not a 4-1 lead and I
came back to one watch you gonna miss a
good man what do you got my camera I
wanted love okay is that what hey to go
yeah I'm going with your mom to put you
on YouTube in my walls yeah look how
sexy she looks to please Ron Ron all of
that what my daddy I'm actually gonna
miss pitch at daddy's your people win
for watching blog for my squash all
right guys are done you never have a fun
the right word and there's no way
there's none of your right girl I can
only say that
say that it feels right alrighty
Wow
yeah only from the camera oh good
give me once I can actually watch lord
help how weird is it that I'm in front
of the camera it's a different point of
view huh our clog my mom is this one
logical your chin so many shot I'm just
you're playing in those shoes listen my
car died today
so this is my rental guys I like
Jackie's rental that's nice huh
they only tried what I began to win yes
no no they cheated cuz I wasn't looking
at her why would I lie why would we
cheat because they're cheating because
they know I was going to win so they're
they're trying to win before I do
they're trying to trick you laughing
hey careful that would be a good title
Pedro grunt over by my mom the word is
when you already shower clean off all
your swag because I was playing battle
at the gym earlier so I came home
showered and cleaned off all my sweat
and then I got tempted to play again now
I'm sweating again so I have to go take
another shower you are hot fright
surprise me with the food that's not
picky
okay guys I know this was supposed to be
Jackie takeover day but I had to vlog
this without you Julia what are you
doing you riding shotgun ah dad where
are you going dad my dad was about to
lose I was on my second to last shot and
he hops in the golf car and drives away
Brian where are you going
they're escaping the loss by Bosley good
bugs we don't stare me down Bosley okay
here I'll let Jackie take over what you
want to take the camera with you to get
food no I need it for some
for my video yeah please uh me and
sending we're going to go get bug I
don't like in your garage I feel like
some reporters okay you know okay you
got me into this mess is not my fault no
wait let me explain
so I celebrated we're going to go to
boots but what he doesn't know is get my
nose pierced I offended oh she wanted to
come with me and she said yes you know
we're partners in crime
I'm sorry images together but we're on
the way to the mall and I should not
tell Brandon so I'm a little bit nervous
I don't know if you can think it's cute
it's not my fault she towards me yeah
I'm actually really nervous losing
harder than you I'm gonna get my toaster
gonna do it I'll do it
he thinks we're just getting food so
he's only going to message me like where
are you guys because I don't know how
long this is going to take what I should
I do out on my bedside well I do I even
have a good pun or doable
saturday see my back into those don't
you guys every time I come to the mall
get carried away like right now I'm
thinking what shoes should I get
can I get shootin the hellos go get your
piercing you're thinking about shoes
imagine he doesn't think it's cute if
you doesn't think it's cute I'm taking
it off oh okay
I'm really nervous I'm scared I don't do
well with pain so I want you school
we'll do it together sometime late he'll
be like see your hands
I'm scared hi um I was wondering if you
guys who knows care to
I guess they don't do that myself
dang it here's here and here I'm going
to look about cosmas more layers it's
closely here we're going to go up it's
not that I'm gonna have to take this l
and then we're could be rude so we're
running the front of their stores I
think I found us a to shop we decided to
do it so we have two little guys I ran
into some fans
I told Brandon that I was gonna go get
food but I'm really going to go get my
nose pierced how do you think he's going
to feel was a sign from God not to do I
know I'm probably going to be wondering
why it's going to take us so long to get
include you guys I feel bad for her
she's so nervous I know I'm like
grabbing her I'm like if I squeeze your
hand I'm so sorry we just got here
it's been an interesting Drive here mama
rug I think I'm a little better as a
dimer than you so bad I'm excited you
know you know what let's do it
they're kids signing her life away
miscibility where I'm sitting she's
never been so it's up to shell so she's
scared like listen look music you're
gonna get this yeah and Ron the
elephants and then the babies are
branded images you can call me in the
ocean okay I know you said I'm gonna get
that
that's all
everything you know I can very
controlling let me know
later all right ready
good for you so close to my face hidden
no you look good doing here yeah don't
be free then and out on earth solo never
have the right words there's no way this
is real life there's no none of your the
right girl
your fight yeah who looks good
you look different I'm crying on any of
- just really has any desert thumbnail
was already doing it outside the area it
was actually way less painful than what
I'll you know I can yeah so hard how
hard about her it's bleeding I literally
got in her hand so so hard because it
like her but I wasn't as painful as I
thought it was gonna be yeah I think son
who wants her no Spears now so so I'm
really excited because now we get to
show Brandon and look how he designed it
okay guys so we just got Oh always just
got home
we're about to go in I let her just run
in
I'm not going yeah usually no I might
know so it's really bad right now you
then I guess you're just gonna walk in
now I'm getting nervous walkest we don't
know how he's gonna react he might like
I really feel them that I don't know
he's gonna like it that's my biggest a
babe hey Ron
how are you doing hi lovely hey buddy
where's Brandon you can just put the
food right there and I'll just go babe
we have your food run dance no I you
want this cool so you know how far the
Lakers are we met a lot of supporters at
the fan or at the mall so it took a
while hey big booty what a day
yeah yeah why not a two year no oh okay
what about two things are talking about
him
Omega Wow look Emma yeah did you go
through Chile wrong record we got close
you recorded literally of my nose maybe
you're taking so long
what are you doing oh my god oh my god I
literally said calm down and ease oh I
thought that's at six hours laughs you
never watches it with you weird angles
that I reckon know that closest would
place was by the mall so we have to go
buy them all let me feel your mattress
how comfortable sit we want to watch TV
with your friends ah we're not doing
anything go on
cuz I'm ending my vlog here I know
you're five blocks for lawn chairs
how do you do it like if you like other
buzzer don't leave don't leave don't
leave it yeah babe
you good just yeah okay come today we
wanna let me let me record you guys your
birth is for the end of the vlog okay
yeah then some of the fans said can you
make it yeah
they don't kiss oh right no really just
good sir so I can say yeah yes and I
swear leti Chamundi but we walk are you
I couldn't have a clearer corner oh you
go there's my kid you don't
I am here right I will call these
goosing him
okay go kiss her now okay
hi are you guys together frame you know
I say I just want you okay come on
Jackie yeah okay
come here yeah close the door oh okay
give her a kiss give her look at her
look at her look at her
wait hahaha perfect
what is it real what what are you
talking about what are you talking about
we'll look it's real
what no it's not yes it is little man
it's real it's inside I swear you like
it is it really real or dig up a frame I
know it's safe
that's the prank that's weak save enough
know this is real I see it is your I
said okay her it's real it's real it's
real we just want to see your reaction I
like it we were so scared I do like him
ah I think no sushi looks good
oh hey and so we went through all this
for I mean where we literally went to
sell okay let me tell you real quick
just avoid the desert yeah yeah on
Sunday we went to clear so tell me
what's of them also go get you food
right by there and where's the food is
with two hours it's all we went to clear
and they don't do those piercings so we
have to lease on there go to the to shop
but you have to go to to shop the to
lose the - what's a tomb captain's
always on you to me would you all want
to answer so we went to to shop you have
to wait for like this because it's so
long nice where I work
hurt you didn't okay now with everybody
every I do like it I like nose piercings
okay and you know what she got her doll
I feel bad for her to deliver sawdust
listen I hope I was recording because
when they were doing tonight well I
close my eyes no but good the whole
freaking thing I wanted to can the whole
penny thinks maybe hey wait hold on so I
know that we're on to show oh yeah she
my mom
okay Bosley do you like the piercing I
like it buzz Lee give me five if you
like it oh oh
I would imagine nose piercing hurt oh my
my nose hurts right now imagine if I got
one there they don't make fear things
big enough from my nose if I don't my
nose yes my mom would kick me other
house so fast before before the needle
even goes and I'll be kicked out of
house and sent off different countries
he has ideas for supplies oh my god
together use our shoot wait so is this
the end of the video did you started
taking your shoe off I'm glad like a
brunch I do like it no tattoo I would
have been like I really don't like that
yet no but no dressing is cute I like
nose piercing on all of the facing is
that my job is done
mom wait can I just say one thing you
know what I like I like how my mom and
the girlfriend get along that's it
that's the important thing where do you
guys know us good morning yeah we're
gonna cry we literally said if one of us
get caught when both caught yeah yes
that's what I like because under
estimating probable relationship is the
relationship between your girl my
girlfriend and my mom and they're like
best friends so that's important action
that's important to me is that important
when you're looking for a relationship
Bosley does your girlfriend have to be
friends with your mom or no just by how
your sentiment
yeah I'm friends with your mom
oh we should put your mama wait oh we
should get your mom's reaction to your
nose piercing guys you know Jackie's mom
had actually never ever been in one of
my videos except for like a FaceTime
call one time but she's never actually
been like camera face to face on camera
so I should be coming up to meet ya she
wanted to be if this gets a hundred
thousand like hey hundred thousand let
it get 100,000 views what did you do
jump off a cliff garage mm why some way
so you guys don't like enough blonde
footage for me to close this video or
should I keep my hand so enlighten me
okay that's enough guys thank you so
much for watching this video
I don't even know which video I'm
thanking you guys for watching because I
haven't seen a game but uh wait oh my
gosh lookit Bosley Oh behind him Bosley
do you know what is behind you do you
not care about one bad thing for your
brother
what and serious it's not a joke he said
nobody touches nobody gets close to you
tonight why would you feel hotter or put
through my sketches but when I finish
you might get infected oh yeah okay here
let's practice one kiss
that's bending like that yeah okay god
I'm about to start editing all night
they took over the vlog you guys this
video was a girlfriend and mom take over
for the boss let me know how you guys
like to imagine it bad like more you
guys probably like them blogging more
than me too but anyways thank you guys
so so much for watching the video drop a
likes for Ajax getting your groceries I
really liked what you got nervous I
wasn't gonna like it oh yeah no I don't
like tattoos but I was nervous because I
was like oh my I imagine the wrong side
I said I need to decorate my Christmas
tree so there is a decorator I go there
but if you're the Christmas tree what am
i Pacific Ocean
drop a like for getting an ear nose
period I think it looks cute drop a like
four and then taken over the block
subscribe if you are new other than that
thank you so much for watching this
video I don't even care about the food
anymore cos now I'm in the mood to watch
the Devin Booker 70-point game cuz I've
watched this so many times I've
memorized every single spy he's made of
shots on the court 70
mom because she drove in silent with me
and I was born here so I only thing we
needed some milk okay
whatever looks like oh wait pause hold
on guys so I'm editing this video right
now with a quick and let me just say my
girlfriend is a pro as I told you two
things I I'm so proud she really stopped
everything while she's getting her notes
here and asked the guide to pose for a
thumbnail
I'm so proud it's like when you have a
baby boy and he wanted to be a
basketball player really really bad and
he makes his first three-pointer and
you're so proud this is like she's such
a pro I told you to think she really
stopped in the middle and asked the guys
to pose for a thumbnail so I could have
a good thumbnail for my video oh I'm so
proud of my wife she's learned a lot
she's doing good
