my head looks okay looks like we won
contribute not just like wow that was a
fun Bowl and my whole head or my whole
arm is tingling right now
oh cool okay for what
what is going on guys we're here aka
paratus and today I am here with
Buckley's Cup today I'm here with buzzer
buzzer Melinda my girlfriend a kiss
Oh Ichi - I mean I get wealthy puff yeah
right today I'm here with the one the
only beautiful Jackie and today we are
bringing you guys a video I feel like
it's going to be really really funny
just fun so we went down the little kid
aisle you know all the toys and fun
little games and we found hold on a
second
does this little nugget matter oh my
gosh all my snapchat story anyways
because if you've gone on yet on
snapchat its sizzle
Bowater my nose is bigger than Brandis
know so I don't think it will fit yeah
how does not bigger than not money
buckets you can hear we have a lot of
hey guys so the game we have here we
have a little dunk tank on top bullshit
okay see well for example the water
would have spilled on my head we have a
dumb face we have to bull ducks
and we have balls 3 balls not 203 oh
don't forget that special guys - those
kids are not Wonder one is coming down
Brian each of us are going to take turn
we get three turns to throw the ball and
see if we could dump it so look what
happens when you hit a ball here to the
dump
I'm not sure who's going to go first
we'll figure that out and are you ready
to get dunked on now it's going to fit
Brian face if you start out like a baby
head bump back guys I have a game in
like 30 or 40 minutes on to make this
video I'm going my basketball game
what's call the special guests
downstairs Oh special guests
are you ready to make your appearance
mmm
I forgot he needs royal treatment he
needs me to go dragon by the Nesta that
means dragon by the ear and bring him
down
Oh special guest fine what are you doing
he's brushing his teeth at his desk
watching his old videos oh I know I is
so dark what the hell it's so dark Brian
are you ready to make your special guest
appearance oh and we have to make this
video for my mom and dad get home
because my mom would kill me if she saw
me doing this inside the house mom I
love you
okay guys for the special guest is Bobby
downstairs Oh a writer after operatic
vocal meconium put it like okay just
start off you know the whole shoulders
on the back
what especially the Showbox topless
company take this for ages 5 to 12 so it
barely fits on our head but how can we
decide who goes first
where is done one round we know okay so
who's Louise okay why buy five brides
are going to throw over them with my
team of nine runs in 180 title is
describes the picture okay we'll do a
mess out of grease oh ah
loser goes 1001 0:50 JPEGs blue one zero
mean that's going to be the next big
thing
oh ah same exact thing okay okay guys
I'm going to go first
hopefully Brian doesn't know how to
throw and needed a Jackie of evasive
I'm talking web a but all we've been
Wadley the water which we can water
can't forget the goggles behind us look
at this - can knows how what are you
saving my ears - no my god it looks so
fun come on just try to squeeze out you
came out of her we could hope for there
you got it
because I mean are my headaches Queens
right now my hair my hammer an inverted
oh maybe if I did this to look fine can
you try to like staple the others time
I'm going to try to hit it oh yeah okay
so at least it works yeah just use
welding water makes it more interesting
so you're going to use water for me I'm
going to use like syrup and hot sauce
for you not you I really have a bath
bugging your surgeon no way overfill it
Brian we do the opposite of what they
say okay also how careful you're slow to
get up
very slow yeah be careful it's gonna
done the towel under I brought the
talents over there well it's so funny
well the wishes would you take it off
you can't carry gonna step on the towel
wait am I going to sound like extremely
far sighs Brian Oh listen Brian have to
stand by our next-door neighbor's house
and throw it yeah why not to be mm let
me see the ball in my hand please
staying here you okay can I just aim for
the nose they you think I can walk all
over here without oh my god look at
Brittany this is Brendan when he's 70
years old yeah young fast about every
day yeah don't hop the water down with
Rob later on we can personally get off
we grew up together
Layana canal we still live in a big
house I guess be at em tight
yeah happy I'll try mommy oh we've gotta
get going
each get through no you could use that
do-gooder Larissa I think that do the
late look I won't go curve ball goes up
okay we fill it so I'm work with that I
have all that will one more line YX
these are balls board um I'm gonna get
spotted three when risers you got our ek
301 round me and Hector will share the
ball where you please rise and let you
won't get wet mine look at me no way
without it I think has because of work
the one is working I'm a stand walk in
lose weight okay piss sides first if you
layer well Carol execute given my body
comes up you know it has to because
that's where a way you look good ah
right it done on time for you to let it
down salon you clean we let me show
feeling okay go slow enough a lot normal
okay and I have any text anymore go back
I'm so wet ah alright here we go I'm
going to be like a 90 miles per hour
that right okay going on me I can't
really
if you in my face I'm going to Jersey
wait up Nigel bastard up if you're going
to talk about force is country tries
come on away I suck at this so just know
bit I'm danger in a relationship and I
have like
to end it where's the other ball I wait
is the third one over there how do we
lose a ball yeah okay I was right here
she's gonna throw like over there my
face on acid on acid in the terrible
terrible throw oh come on come on oh
wait a target target okay so I got
dumped three times and only one of them
hit me that was done okay listen I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do a 200 mile per
hour fastball for Jack Kehoe okay you're
gonna get wet anyways bye Brandon sexual
way Hey okay shut up
you go first one how many where we each
only get one throw one stranded yeah
look I mean get wet when you get a
Bosley water bottle for you I thought
when you bought this like I thought it
was like a big amount like I saw so
why'd she do that
I thought you guys are gonna have to
stand in the backyard and stuff in it
gonna be like the biggest explosions on
the fish tank okay careful when you
close a bar okay all right okay I have
to work on saying I don't know our manga
just joking okay okay yeah
oh my god she's gonna get done oh my god
you cheater you are a cheater I know I
should not count under oh hey women I
just have bad aim I went for the party I
don't have that name in bed but I have
that Ames's oh yeah was involved
that's right out of water okay did you
get dumped in a tank full of rats okay
my comments okay yeah if it's coming
from this guy's mouth loss sliders
yeah slider oh my god waking Hershel oh
my god Oh terrible you mean hit the
umpire oh you know what I know babe I'm
sorry
so let's see rug rat Brian stop looking
closer I promise I'm all ears
okay we go so how'd you know I was
talking about that then hmm
riot riot riot riot riot there's no
accident
Brian Bosma did you sponsor and don't
wait how did it dunk bay because you
move oh okay uh pretty hot what's going
on here
I thought you went like this you look up
a nose you went no right up
oh my gosh what the heck is wait I think
that's not water I drop a like for Brian
to try this blind to try this
oh yeah bond you almost over fold it
yeah I'm so sorry I'll try knocking hey
I chime in with the haven't you people
ever heard of do you know that song
bright white the ball don't lie I need
to throw like a bowling ball or
something oh my god okay the last row
spinning a hundred miles per hour huh I
think you just have to go your stall
okay
voila before we close this video out
right what Brandi no no no no guys one
throw for me and that's it one throw
that's pretty that is regardless of what
happens I'm gonna get wet like seven I
swear nothing happen right there my hair
is looking good today what we're going
to Falcon punch the target I'm not going
to come up it's going to be one throw
I'll say follow I'll get all the way
here okay then don't lie to me before
the video and say oh you're gonna do so
bloody manipulates me I'm not your life
before the video sometimes old Brian
call you up throw that throw the ball
now and getting some time you can't win
just for future videos I'm not going to
hit it I miss all my goals
Jackie's makeup Jaggi Oh Mike you look
super hot
you look like My Chemical Romance cake
oh my god I have makeup everywhere
although my dad's home dad where's my
mom I mean mom okay Brian hurry up she's
coming dad she is not honestly we're
going to be
but look who came home just in time mom
you probably don't want to see this mom
please don't look really quick we're
going to clean it all up the floor might
be a little bit wet wet Brian I say you
leave your Gucci shoes on so they could
get with a little bit of water mom a
little bit insane dunk tank challenge
mom freaks out you forgot to freak out
mom
where is it I'm just joking now mom
we're gonna clean all of it just water I
swear but what time is I swear my game
is going to start what time is it oh my
god oh no no I'll make it I swear oh my
goodness
are you ready mine yeah I'm gonna hit
this one watch anyone just a video game
I do not mean savory food or why'd you
put the rice it's gonna fall I move I do
not move even taking it all your legs
good I'm getting soaked that's it it's
not avoidable Oh
our is racing so hard a husband doesn't
happen I wasn't joking throwing it at
Jackie I'll mention on purpose but for
Brian ah right here right right Brian
just down first
why do you like guys what are you doing
okay I think I'm gonna close up today's
videos I'm really gonna be late to my
game I'm sorry I wanted to pick this to
say I would love to anything oh thanks
mom mom we got Jackie I think you look
good yeah you look good like this guy
thank you so so much for watching this
video I really do hope you guys enjoyed
Brian thank you for participating I do
not understand why you threw it onto
yourself but because I already got a
little bit let my ago decision you
should have let me throw that anyways
guys drop well I guess you did enjoy I
feel like this video was a little
different I wanted to make like a fun
entertaining one so I hope that's how it
turned out fun and entertaining
please drop a like if you enjoyed
subscribe if you are new oh and also
they're like a bell next to you know the
subscribe button and it says post
notifications please turn that on to get
notified when I up
every single day or almost every single
day and babe thank you for participating
I think you did good you look like a hot
sexy clown god I'm super late to my
basketball game so I need to change ok
ready
other than that Brandon aka robotis I am
out and oh I'm going to surprise my dad
with this
I bought him he loves to him with food I
bought him this game show he doesn't
matter bought it for him so I'm gonna
surprise him with it after my basketball
game and peace out guys
Oh a bond for the thumbnail strips
how about oh haha Jackie's in the middle
but I what if we put it here hook on
that and then meaning to the charity
money dope she could be horrible what is
it good luck applying should you listen
I don't know I know I don't shake shake
setting this is actually good oh wait
I'm sorry Duncan women Sonia don't get
like a black yeah love it we really play
oh you're going to do it yes I'll get my
camera you go look at the camera they're
fine three two I moved to do yelling
right when Billy and you got a middle
okay okay okay
