scary what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka Broadus and today i am bringing
you guys a brand new outdated video the
reason I say outdated is because I feel
like this trend is so done but leave it
up to providers to do a trend that's
been over for so long but I don't know
but today me and my girlfriend Jackie
hey guys how you doing good in you oh
wait I was to the side guys my nose is
so big can the size on I can do this
Henry now I'll leave it in they deserve
to see you in my notes on the side guys
imagine how sharp it is imagine how much
distance yeah and that's what you do to
me so for today's video me and my
girlfriend Jackie are going to do a get
her age challenge I know this was a big
trend like a couple weeks ago but I feel
like would be really funny to do with my
girlfriend but wait actually before we
start this video I just want to say
really quick last night someone linked
me my life subscriber account and it was
right before I fell asleep so remember
when you return that way and I had my
phone on your back yeah so you probably
thought all like texting other girls
behind your back playing sick I was
working at my live subscriber account
and I was just noticing how you know it
was going up and up and up right in
front of my own eyes and I just started
thinking I'm like yo like we're adding
new members to the broad squad every
single like minute of the day and just I
could be out doing something playing
basketball and without even knowing
there are new members joining the bilasa
it's just look I probably not even
making sense right now but it's just
crazy to me that like I don't know I
love you guys so so much and so welcome
that you guys are new and I'm up guys
like I'm probably making sense it was
just I love you guys but anyways we to
get into this video and the way me and
Jackie are going to do it you know we
have the laptop right here right in
front of us and we have a website it's a
quiz with seven girls and we are each
going to first of all shout out to the
fans who gave me these sticky notes yeah
they look like regular sticky notes but
if you notice focus three two one focus
kiss Arledge okay well in the corner
except supreme point now none of it is
focused in the corners at supreme so
these are the official high beast
sticky notes
and the wifey a Jackie are going to do
this is we're not going to help each
other out this is like a competition who
can get more right so there's seven
girls and we're each going to write how
old we think each girl is and there's a
prize
whoever gets most of the girls ages
correctly will win this bag of sweet
factory okay gnome you guys will know I
got that and he took it from okay just
for that to be helpful I told him the
truth so he got it and I I wanted some
so this isn't even fair because I bought
this and now I have to play for it
because the girlfriend wants to candy
and as a boyfriend if the girlfriend
wants candy then you have to give a
candy but no I'm making her earning so
wait actually I'm eating them
give me one please if you meet me you
get one so please okay so LeBron James
wanted to win the championship
and I'm not done no no a couple years
ago one of the Bron James didn't have a
title for Cleveland and he wanted the
championship so bad for the city of
Cleveland they didn't say okay you know
what you want the championship here you
go no he had to earn it you have to work
for it so if you want candy wrappers
just like don't think so well now I'm
salty playing this game there's orange
marker and there's blue marker which one
do you think Jackie's gonna get you get
blue I get launched for the Phoenix Sun
and fun fact about me I'm less
handwriting your mom so fact about you
you do not ought to speak weak in
English and you're not left-handed you
just lie right hand rated for all the
new members of the boss but you need to
know that Jackie is a liar like she's a
liar she lied for me
no you're a liar okay carefully to the
sticky note okay this first girl the
options we have
oh damn excited a b c or a b c or d
there's a b c d and e five choices i
hated my teachers when they were give me
bad choices on a test oh yeah guys and
it might look like I'm shorter than
Jackie but that's not the case it's just
cuz I sit like this with my back slow
exit like this yes I start like this our
choices for this girl right here
1719 14 20 or 15 I'm just going to say
it right now every girl here is hot
I mean I literally say hey that's not
true you just lying I'm not lying
give me kiss that's the point of you
being my boyfriend you have to lie to me
I mean she looks all to me oh no I don't
think she's 14
I'll tell you that and your % 15 no hey
why'd you tell me what you were gonna
put oh yeah after a season now I'm going
to take 15 just could you say no no
athlete Brendan hates me
you want to where you look at my answer
9a so n generate the teacher 9 didn't he
cheated I swear teacher unit tattletale
I need a privacy board on the count of
three I'm dizzy no wait don't show you
don't show what you put your attention
let's first see what it is
okay 17 and do it Andrew come back oh
wait didn't I show it
oh it doesn't show until after the quiz
well I mean I get this proof that we
haven't been on the website yet so I
guess you know now that we're not
cheating and wienie already see the
answers but okay we'll see it at the end
okay okay fine part two well she's hot
I'm gonna say hey you know how to say
yeah I did not say your head yeah you
did I would not think it for that she
thought I saw you in the camera and I
know it's because you said something
about Devin Booker Tyson yet okay for
this one that I didn't do it I didn't
know I don't know what you're seeing
what drugs you're on but that's not what
happened oh this is only for answers 16
18 17 19 why they all so close to each
other I see being latina I'm already a
team at playing this game to know what
the this is heart okay okay next
Bowl the girls did not look like that
when all the kid girls and how it can
look like this like when I was in high
school the girls were like you know
typical like how they look like angels
yes these are freaking like super modern
yeah he looks really young oh can I do
what I used to do in school in school
one with the test like this I would just
make my handwriting too it would look
like three different answers so that's a
teacher marks are wrong I would have
went up to have been like um that's not
what my answer was can't you tell that
this was a one and this was like a seven
even though it wasn't really and it
never worked
you were a cheater ever since your
little okay she's old but I feel like
that situation she's not an answer I
think she's Taylor Swift yes I know
she's not really thanks for Susan Broman
Oh take me somewhere we can be alone
Scott contact I love Taylor Swift I'm
out fishing well what other song oh you
have trouble trouble trouble
Oh don't look at my answer if you look
on my channel karma cops if she kills
with no Taylor Swift is different okay
next number five whoa she is older than
what these options say I know unless you
look cool Alton I feel bad putting
people that are like older because I
feel like for me I'd rather look 12 then
look 30
oh yeah if any of these girls watch this
video and I put you at an older age then
I apologize really I do
okay whatever I'm just going to get a
man again hold it okay this was girl
number five let's look at girls oh wait
I forgot this was for the bag of candy
okay why the ages so young go sons dolls
random but yours also on a ghost sun's
out there
Kyrie to Phoenix please well she looks
young change for sure time oh I had six
options it gave us what kind of teacher
is this you want all your students to
stale giving them options on a freaking
foot go you know who she kind of looks
like
if general to go through okay I'm going
to this one's hard actually all the more
hard but okay wait on tannic just takes
my bag closer because it's not good for
those who don't know I used to have
really bad lower back problems because I
would play so much basketball without
stretching and I have to go to the
chiropractor every single month I still
have to go but I haven't been going but
who's gonna make my guess all you you
looked I know I already have all my male
choir teacher to look if you already
have you turn okay the results are in
and now we need to go see Mari to see if
you are not the father so it was also
named oh and how do we see results okay
let's see let's see submit your interest
oh wait I don't even person this is my
cousin I've had enough of friends
looking at other girls right now guys
I'm just resting random answers cookie
are you just so where is everywhere
where are the results don't tell me
hold on these are cookies shut up hold
on
we may not tell you wait there's no way
stop stop stop
just say like I've checked my god
this was wait what wait hold on
okay guys long how am I supposed to know
I guess we just played that whole last
one for no freaking reason here let's
just do the first seven cuz okay here I
have an idea here look at all this guys
all of these just nothing nothing
look at this you freaking cheater we got
the first thing on T of Jackie's to
answer it says 15 or 17 you can't do
that okay he slaps so that whole thing
was for waste I guess for this I have an
idea let's just do the first seven and
then whoever gets the most hits right
okay okay of course that would happened
to me guys of course how the website
didn't work for it
okay so here looks good I said 14 and
she's 17 what did you say it was like
he's 14 okay we both got that wrong this
female I mean you came to see the damn
top of her head
I'm gonna write down we could just say
that loud we could say no loud man I'm
gonna thirteen sixteen sixteen I'm gonna
go with fourteen just I don't know I
just want to be different
she's old fourteen okay so one B is zero
this one he looks he looks like from
American Horror Story she looks good to
me
I say sixteen yeah fifteen for me we're
just at sixteen you okay you want the
same one of these I'm sorry yeah
Oh Jackie said she's 1807 - to 1807 um I
say she's yeah I want to say 18 but
there's no point to get the same as I do
so 16 okay bye
Oh 17 alright and I'm it on me a key
she's a hundred percent oh my god she's
beautiful
uh she's fake looks just like a
sculpture they see I say 15 to 15 so
it's two to one
how many more okay two more girls babe
you need to make a comeback girl Candide
mind
she's 1414 I'll say you know what we
haven't had a 20 plus 91 so I'll say 20
plus even though she doesn't look 20 she
Kelly doesn't 17 okay so there's the
last one god I could be a douchebag and
just pick the same answer as Jackie so
there's no way she could win but I'll
give her a chance
so here I'll let you go forth owning
them look just say whatever 15:15 okay I
will go with 1641 okay okay I'll give
you one last chance
she's 2020 okay Jenna why do I get
changed why do I get chance okay so now
this now tight okay there's the last one
see she's freaking 9:40 right oh wait I
didn't assassin I thought she was 14 but
that's why I clicked it ok guys so that
makes me the winner I prepare keep
playing keep playing okay there's a last
one you know what I gave you so many
chances okay guys hold on let me just
say the whole first part of this quiz
was the biggest waste of time of my life
we literally did okay I don't know else
weird
okay you know what since you're such a
very good
watermelon activate a watermelon maximum
hockey Villa less funny here's what pack
of Allah means know about why do come
here I am giving you a teeny tiny gun
I don't like hey beggars can't be
choosers most only half only half to
joking give me go everyone who I hate so
when LeBron won his championship
hold on not them LeBron loaded
championship did separate ultimate sake
hey give me half the trophy no Steph
Curry waited and he came back the next
year anyone the championships I
apologize for the first half of the
video i swears it was just for no reason
but i hope you guys enjoyed this video
i know we are really really late on this
trend but that's such a robotics and
jackie whether those comments abroad
yeah so tell me Brandon and Jackie thing
to do here I could I could just say this
got such a broad its and jpig thing to
do be super late on a trend just look
how sharp yeah anyways guys thank you so
so much for watching this video I hope
you guys enjoy
Jackie is feeling better from the prank
that I pranked her when she started that
was honestly I felt so so bad in case
you guys didn't get a chance to watch it
I did like a robbery prank on Jackie and
she started having like a panic attack
and it was just it was bad I felt I felt
terrible but we you know we talked about
him she doesn't have to give me back you
know
okay I don't know we thought today was
something okay I tried to talk about all
y'all honey you know I don't even look
my way I like this
now just like yo you know other couples
they play the game well you know you
pick me I'm a pink bag but we're not
like that
you know I'll trade you and then that's
it we don't we just tell me it for your
damn self but anyways thank you guys so
so much for something watching this
video like I said earlier it's crazy how
the gluon squad is growing every single
day welcome to all the new members on
shout out to everybody who's been here
from the start I have a special place in
my heart for you guys and uh mascot like
button smash that like button I hope you
guys enjoyed other than that
Brandon I am out I can't wait to go play
basketball tomorrow morning I'm counting
down there 12 more hours on time on that
basketball court playing with all my
friends bye guys bye bye bye bye
no stated oh my god hi guys all right
guys all right guys it's been Jackie
it's been cactus I hope you enjoyed this
video hope you enjoyed this video I love
you guys all I love you guys all so much
I enjoyed my Z okay fun and I'm out and
I'm out peace hey legs
