it's 2-2 right now Devils like stock
camera cameras are locked all the time
Danny's okay I'll turn the camera
message
but we're gonna walk back into my place
and surprise Dennis with a key to his
brand-new apartment I got you bro the
teahouse goes
wait you've tried you are distracted
forever you down feeling today
for the most loving caring the most
respectful person like I would go
grocery shopping when I come he would
come to the car take the stuff inside
Dennis's mom and dad brother and sister
a few guys watching you guys did a great
job raising a wonderful son and check
this out he's actually become like my
best friend too he helped a lot around
anything we asked you never to say no
yoga so there's actually really really
weird right now
but it's 8 p.m. right now today he told
me he didn't want to play basketball he
didn't feel like coming out of his room
Dennis how have you know how have I not
seen you at this time
it's my brother man I'm gonna be
completely honest here I'm pretty
shocked about all the news I heard one
thing I will say about he dennis is uh
I've nothing but genuine love for you
we're a true brother in my life and
you're the type of person who is
selfless a person who puts others before
himself a person who's always there for
everyone and is willing to help yeah
this this is just really catching me off
guard I even know like why or how I'm
making this video right now but what I
do know is you'll be my brother for life
and on my end I love you to that Dennis
Dennis Dennis I feel so bad that I had
no clue that you're homesick this whole
entire time while you're here you're
always smiling always happy always
joyful one thing I am gonna miss is
seeing you miss all those threes I'm
happier there right now with their
family and I hope you do come back I'm
gonna miss you
we're all your friends now over here so
hopefully you just know that Brandon
loves you
I just like you a little bit just
getting a little you yo what's up Dennis
I can't believe you left to go to
Chicago already and such a short notice
I'm gonna miss you thank you for all the
memories all the good times even though
we're gonna be so far away from each
other I feel like we're still gonna be
very close keep texting me keep snapping
me and I hope to see you soon hey Dennis
just wanted to say thank you for
everything you've done for me and for
Brandon's family and Brandon to himself
I honestly could not thank you enough
for all the help that you've given knows
and honestly I just hope that you're
super happy I'm so glad that you're with
your family obviously I'm gonna miss you
and I'm sure Brandon and Bosley
everybody's gonna miss you but I hope
that you find happiness and what you
want to do it honestly means so much to
me how good of a friend you've been for
Brandon and
me and I honestly see you as a brother
now headedness I know I've been only
couple of days since you left but let me
tell you we really really missed you
here and I just want to say thank you so
much for everything that you have done
not only for us for Brandon for every
member of the family and when I before I
clicked in the video I called Brandon I
told him please Brandon tell me this is
a friend he said mom I wish the only
time I wanted to be a prank wasn't and I
sucked liked in the video and at the end
I was waiting for you to pop up from
somewhere and say just a prank but for
whatever reason you did it and you left
I hope you're happy that's all matter
but for any time you want to come back
to visit or to stay our house is your
house and I'm sure your apartment is
gonna be there and there's no way
Brandon will rent it out or give it to
anybody but you and thinks we're now
gonna be the same without you Dennis
anything I need you here for me thank
you really for all the help and I wish
one day we're gonna see you and I hope
you come back don't forget I always beat
you in the world remember that yeah okay
good morning buzz Lee you miss Dennis
the one Dennis to come back yeah we're
gonna we're gonna talk to them and tell
them come back Bosley misses you
I'm not gonna stand him why I am bummed
out everybody else made their little
farewell video and it's only right that
I do one also so Dennis words cannot
describe how much I appreciate
everything you have done for me Dennis I
just want to say that every single one
of my friends every single person that I
see every day that I hang out with I
have known them since elementary school
I've known them since I was a little boy
a little kid and we always told each
other you know who don't trust bringing
new people into our group you know
people are shady people are fake and
then Dennis when you moved here we just
instantly like we became boys
best friends we instantly went from fat
six to fat seven bro you were a part of
everything we did you were a part of not
only my life every single day but my
family's life and my friend's life bro
Denis you always tell me how you know
you thanked me for the apartment that I
bought you you thanked me for a lot of
different little things that I've done
for you the honestly bro money is not
the most important thing I might have
spent a little bit of money but honestly
Denis well you have done for me is much
bigger than anything that I have done
for you you always made sure that before
my dumb ass went to try to go play hours
and hours of basketball you always make
sure Brandon get your video dunk first
and then you could go play basketball
you always make sure how it's good you
know when me and my ex-girlfriend Jackie
broke up you always were there for me
you made sure I was okay whenever I'm
dealing with something you're the first
person that's like yelled in Denis I can
honestly truly say that like forget the
word friend forget the word best friend
I don't want to hear any of them you
were literally my brother I don't care
about family line or blood or anything
you were my brother I feel like I don't
even need to say this but I'm gonna say
anyways I'm going to miss you so much
Denis it's crazy how close we got in
such a short amount of time once again
I'm just upset with myself I'm pissed
off at myself then i couldn√≠t pick that
you were going through something dad
ain't noticed like my own brother my own
best friend was feeling this type of way
but trust me bro you did a lot for me
and most importantly bro forget myself
me myself it's cool that you helped me
out but I don't put myself first the
fact that you would always help out my
parents that you would go out of your
way to make my dad your best friend and
you know hang out with my dad like I'm
not gonna stay here in LA my dad he's a
little older than us he doesn't have too
many friends so the fact that you came
here and you would do things with my dad
like play dominoes and play cards even
if you didn't like it and just so my dad
can have a best friend the fact that you
and my dad got so close is crazy you
know when you got here if my mom's
YouTube channel was not Mama and Papa
Road it was just mama Road so she needed
help you know my mom is not the most
tech-savvy person she doesn't know too
much about YouTube and computers and
Dennis you were always there for my mom
so not only will I always appreciate
what you've done for me but also my
parents
because you know me bro family is number
one and the fact that you help out my
parents make them feel good it means so
much to me both it still feels faith
that is it still feels fake like I can't
believe I'm standing talking to a camera
saying like a good but I don't know bro
this feels fake and I will say this
Dennis as much as I would love for you
to come back here and as much as I would
love for you to tell me that this is a
prank as much as I would love for you to
just you know change your mind and just
come back I will say one thing both
whatever makes you happy you got to do
it you know me and you being as close as
we are I want nothing more than for you
to be happy bro you're 20 years old
you're young who knows maybe you were
just homesick and you just want a little
vacation and you might end up coming
back one day just know that that
apartment will stay thinking well that
apartment is yours
I don't care if you never come back I'm
not getting that apartment to anybody
else
there's no way I'm leaving it open for
you so what do you change your mind
finish if you decide to come back right
here baby you're right here thank you
for all the memories because on top of
you helping me out with everything mine
and your friendship was not a business
it was not a oh I help you and you help
me and there was not like that my name
your friendship was filled with funny
crazy dumb stupid like memories that
only me and you would understand I feel
like if people heard our stories they
would be like what you guys were crazy
like what and I just want to thank you
for all the memories bro because those
are things that I'll never forget and I
want to say one line they used to be our
favorite thing to say together whether
it was on camera or off camera we used
to always say this Mia Dennis used to
always say we feel bad for the robot
squad because whatever there's a video
of me and Dennis together you guys must
be losing brain cells because me and
Dennis just I don't know because I faced
our dentist last night and we talked
about the whole you know how he thought
that me and my friends or whatever we
were kind of talking about him behind
his back but I talked to Dennis last
night and I'm so glad that Dennis
doesn't truly believe that he said he
was just so like he had so many thoughts
in his head
a last-second path that decided to move
back to Chicago without telling anybody
and he was just so like clouded with
thoughts that he just made up like his
own one thing but he told me he doesn't
actually believe it you know he spoke
with all my friends and I'm glad that
parts out of the equation um what's
crazy is uh how much everybody got along
with Dennis you don't usually see this
you know he came here and instantly my
friends became his friends he came here
and instantly my family became his
family that there was not one person
that I met that I know who is this guy
why is it always with you you know bah
bah bah no everybody that I met was like
yo who is it dude this is chill whatever
with him like that other than that guys
thank you so much for watching this
video once again Dennis if you decide to
come back you got a place right here
right where you left off if you decided
to stay there he's not getting away from
you bro you're still my best friend
you're still my brother
you still got to talk to me everyday
because if you don't I'll blow up your
phone so either way you can't get away
from me or my friends Dennis I love you
bro honestly I really do I love you
Dennis and I'm gonna miss you so so much
it's been a tough couple of days not
just talking about Oh Brendan why are
you so sad you just moved like it's
you're moving away that's not my point
it's been a tough couple of days knowing
that my best friend is going through
something and it's just kind of hard to
get to him it's kind of hard to help
them when you don't know like the root
of the problem you don't know how to
deal with like someone who's homesick so
that's been the tough part it's not the
fact that he move it's the fact that I
don't know my best friend dealing with
something I don't want my best friend
you know having anything bad negative
going on in his life so that's been hard
to deal with but at the end of the day
that's my boy I'm there for him I know
he's there for me and I'm not the only
one there for him he got all the support
from all my friends from all my family
so Dennis if you are ever dealing with
something like this again just know I
don't want you to stay quiet you don't
have to come out and say anything on
YouTube or social media not at all but
you know you have my number you have all
of our friends numbers we're in a group
chat called fab 7 and if you don't even
feel comfortable telling us bro you got
my dad's number my mom's number and you
can talk to them if you want just don't
hold anything in row and I hope you're
doing much better I hope you're happy
guys thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you guys enjoyed and I love
you guys all
there's no there's no girl
