okay guys so we had our last supper our
last Raising Cane's meal together and
now we are racing back home because
guess what I have a basketball game
today a lot of my friends were texting
me asking me if I was gonna play and I'm
like yes bro are you crazy
I'm not gonna miss the game just cuz I'm
on my way back from Los Angeles way why
are you tired - why are you tired that
is I did sleep - like 6:30
Dennis said during the middle of the
night he kept throwing water bottles at
keys so he would stop snoring
he would wake up America country ball I
swear to God I'm a second later so
dennis is dead tired I think he's had a
really really good night of sleep so
he's not tired he's full of energy but
before the game you already know I have
to stop by Paul and go get a haircut
isn't it like such a broad waters thing
of me right when I get back to San Diego
go get a haircut and then play
basketball like if that's not the most
but waters thing to do I don't know what
is okay guys update and it's not good
this is bad news just look around we hit
heavy traffic I don't know we're going
like five miles an hour right now
so it's backing everything up I mean as
long as I make my basketball game that's
all that matters I'm gonna get why I
always put myself in these last-second
situations are we taking the W today yes
oh did you guys some fan love and
sneaker club oh yeah Paul gets pictures
now if you see him out gas it for a
picture anytime look who's here Bosley I
missed you don't tell anyone but I
missed you the most bro come here Bosley
here you can wipe your boogers on me
it's okay now I won't complain good boy
No No please don't wipe your boogers I
was just joking I just said that so you
could come see here yo did you miss me
Bosley no is that enough okay give me
one kiss and I'll know you missed me
kiss
come on one kiss Bosley I miss you okay
he definitely had his dinner recently
but god I miss my family so so much
hey you're following me like crazy bow
give me five come on give me five for me
coming back good boy Bosley you missed
me I have sad news about these two today
is your last day they're going back
tonight after the game they were
supposed to go back right away but they
told me that they wanted to watch one
last game of mine so I can't disappoint
you guys
I can't yeah we need we need to win for
you guys but I don't want you guys to
leave I swear I'm gonna miss them
they're gonna miss both you guys in my
vlogs
I'll be pulling the dub of course this
is so sad I don't want to see you guys
leave this is so sad for those who don't
know they live in Arizona so completely
different state so it's gonna be hard
for me to see them but we'll reunite
soon one day soon don't put the air ball
guys did you see the air ball finally
back
reunited mom reunited with Jackie just
joking show starting with me
reunited with my mom dad did you miss me
a lot wow thank you both
Brian hey you fucking scared me so bad
oh my god look at Brian guys game ready
to say that I think my shoes are in my
other Cup Brian shut up Brian shut up
what your basketball shoes stop for the
day and they had to leave my range uh oh
I have your old basketball shoes I swear
my closet to LeBron
alright you're not getting out of this
one bro
wait Brian when does our games our game
starts soon and I just got back home but
like I said earlier I'm not missing this
game so I have to go get ready change oh
wait I don't get why I did all this last
second but anyways guys for those who
don't know we have started the season
two and oh that's two wins and 0 losses
were undefeated so far so today we're
trying to go three and oh and I told you
that I really wanted to go undefeated
the season 10 and oh and I've never done
that I've never went 10 anona season but
I wanted to do it this year I'm
determined I'm trying it's really really
hard to win ten games in a row but
that's not my only goal obviously the
biggest thing the most important thing
is winning the championship but I also
set like a small goal for myself and
that was to go undefeated so that's two
down eight more to go Brian I told them
I want to go undefeated 10 and oh that's
like a goal
easy I don't know about easy but we'll
try look your shoes are right here both
not the orange one they're so heavy
no they are heavy but they're LeBron so
hopefully you could put a triple-double
when you wear them imagine buying
getting all the board's going down court
passing the ball right you know we're
playing today Aaron shut up yeah chef's
shout out to my boy Aaron he's been a
super close friend of mine for so long
and I don't really see him that often
anymore so it's cool that we get to play
against him but Aaron have a good game I
wish you luck but at the end of the day
my team's taking the W but best of luck
to you hey God you know what I noticed
so last season when my dad was the head
coach did we make the playoffs we missed
it by my hair uh-huh and this season
my dad has it been the coach and we
started to I know that's that I'm afraid
to go tonight no we want you we haven't
yes ok I'm going and we have the W ok so
my dad's coming to the game dad let's
see if you're the bad luck or let's see
I don't know Brian you know all the in
them were texting me like oh are you not
gonna play tonight I told them I said
you really think I'm gonna miss a game
just driving hello hi mom I need to go
get ready usually I do like a 500 minute
intro but today I just don't have that
type of time I need to change get ready
guys I'm breathing so hard because I'm
in such a rush
oh wait bye and you know I checked today
and the first two games I'm averaging 21
points a game are we taking the W today
guys we're so late right now my question
gonna have any time to stretch warm up
look I don't even have my and my shoes
on I put my shoes on too but Brian
already left
mine's already there guys take my advice
to other basketball game of the day that
you're coming back from vacation and
you're driving
you probably shouldn't go try to play
your basketball game because chances are
you won't make it on time I just want to
say shout out to all these fans that all
huge fans you guys ought to watch the
game hey who's taking the W though huh
ok we'll get the W for you guys then if
I don't get it then we'll take this
buyout the video I'm just joking imma
leave it in
okay guys so this is Aaron so what do
you know for a super long time
may the best team win whoever wins
you guys I don't know how Brendan's
playing right now it we literally just
got back from Anaheim I am dead tired
block party
girls Gelbart we'd even have to get
three
go back
twelve to twelve with seven minutes left
in the first
mama 3 or 3 of 3
hey guys since five minutes left is 17
to 21
let's go still 23 to 25 with one minute
left
seconds left
oh okay so it's 23 to 26
they were so funny
right now
earlier when
all right so update on this floor it's
28 - 28 17
Oh like our there's so many people for
Brandon here and there's so many people
cause II Hitler to Yuma Korea war
the splash brothers are back 34 to 39
chris has still got it
the first fan love everywhere
yes
4246 six minutes left
all right man I'm sorry I cannot see
I swear phew vapor
a two-point game nine seconds left
food security to their long
I saw those two points out there
yeah that's that's good couple rules
how many points there
you play good fit I played like shit but
we won a my team carry me this whole day
shouts my team they won this game Dan I
played like you play it
okay guys we won and now it's time to
sign a bunch of stuff for all these guys
wait did you get tested by the son Devin
Booker Eric Bledsoe Josh Jackson damn we
all done
he got me these shoes for a late
birthday present
thank you both look at this obviously
Phoenix Suns colored I don't even know
what to say there I want to wear them
right now so nice I'm mad at him though
because I know these are expensive well
I told
yo guys so I think this is becoming a
thing now and it's kind of scaring me
look oh my gosh what does it say for
what is robot is but what he was
sweating so he was fading up I'm just
waiting for me to do it one time and a
parent comes from behind and hates me
what are you doing to my kids yeah
you'll give me the net I send my head
not it look it looks cool honestly I
think this is becoming a thing okay guys
it might be Superdog and you probably
can't even see me right now but I don't
care because I can't wait to make this
outro I want to make it right now
because I just want to give huge props
to all my teammates from Brian - Chris -
Robson Alvin Gilbert all of them you
guys played amazing Brian you had a
really really good game Creek just
everybody played really good so I don't
even want to wait I just I want to tell
you guys right now how proud I am of you
guys I don't know why I just had a
really really bad game so I'm glad my
teammates stepped up for me because this
could've went really bad shout out to my
boy Aaron you played really good my
quest my promise to myself to go tena no
is still alive and most importantly my
promise to myself that I want to win the
championship this season it's still
alive so
I'm happy man anyways now guys to close
this video out we're taking my dad out
for dinner
my dad is he's in Dennis's car cuz my
car is only a two seater so my dad
doesn't fit but he's in Dennis's car and
they're following us so before Dennis
and Keyes go back to Arizona we are
having one last dinner and we're taking
my dad with us I haven't sat in a
restaurant and ate with my dad in so
long so this is like I'm excited for it
I know I sound like a kid like Oh
Brandon you're 22 years old why are you
excited to eat with your dad but it's
been so long I'm always busy he's always
busy at work and so I don't know it's
been a really long time so it's gonna be
fun eating with my dad taking him out to
eat I'm really excited for that
anyways guys thank you so so much for
watching this video one last time I'm
proud of all you guys all my teammates
and I'm proud of you guys for watching
this video everybody watching this
anyways drop a like if you did enjoy
drop a like for the W drop a like for a
mean signing those people's foreheads
those people are crazy and I don't know
I'm just waiting for a parent to hit me
in the back of my head and say what are
you doing to my kids but they are so so
much for watching I'm gonna enjoy taking
my dad out for dinner and it's gonna be
really sad saying bye to Dennis and keys
anyways but what is I love you guys all
over wall squad and I'm out peace like
father like son he wants blue
tap look who came out to eat dad when
when was the last time like within you
went to a restaurant just think about
ten years ago
okay maybe not 10 years but okay maybe
you had 10 years I told them you're
always busy at work I'm always busy
doing my videos and we literally never
go out to eat and look I'm sitting next
my name is so weird--whoa
but I still know my dad's ordered
