we all get away from the room for what
is going on regards Bremen here aka
April 1 is in today today I'm here with
my good good friend ends the reason he
says he gets friend of mine is because
we could do stuff like this together but
anyways we are on our way down to the
lobbyists come on now that were in the
elevator to talk loud so we're on our
way now down to the lobby to go get some
rookies because mate and Jackie are
idiot and we walked our rookies we left
our room keys in the room the doors lost
know how many wait to get back in the
room so we were children Genesis or
another confused me and Jack have all of
them obviously and Dennis has his own
room because I don't think Dennis wants
to center with me and Jackie but we are
down at the lobby and we need to get
some room keys for mine and Jackie's
room we told Jackie the same Dennis's
room cuz me and Dennis want to go
together hey shout out to the lobby
Jackie
so I thought you think you feel that I
feel Worth is my girlfriend kind of an
interesting like me if anything I should
be doing a prank on Brian right now for
bringing the snake to the house I still
need to get a revenge prank on Brian but
anyway today we are pranking Jackie with
a crazy robbery prank and we're just
let's just explain it upstairs okay just
know guys we got the key now I feel feel
better Jackie is waiting in Dennis's
room right now because we were locked
out of our room so she was waiting for
us to go get the keys we got the keys
and while Jackie thinks is we are going
to go you know go back to dance - dude
oh hey we got the key let's go upstairs
now
but there was a long line so there's a
long line to get a key give us one
second oh you have it do your evil
friend L mean do your evil spot okay
that's how you do some shinzo shout out
two days right here thank you
man I love you don't know why but you'll
find out in a little bit but I love you
shout out to all this jewelry oh my god
okay hold on guys the Louboutin Brandon
here aka valadis I'm with my friend
Dennis and today we are bringing you
guys a prank on Jackie it's going to be
crazy I hope it goes out as planned and
let me tell you what's up so Jackie
forgot her phone right here in charge
this is plate I don't know if you guys
can see me but Jackie's phone is in
charge so we were all chilled in
Dennis's room and Jackie goes oh I'm
gonna go get my phone can I get the room
key and I started
turn around I'm like wait I don't have
the room P do you have the room P and
she's like I don't have it so we start
looking and it turns out we left our
room keys right here in the room so me
and Dennis were like okay here you stay
here we'll go get a room key right now
Jackie thinks we're downstairs getting
the teens which we did go but she thinks
we're still there we are going to flip
this room inside out we're going to hide
all of Jackie look let's see what does
she have here that's important okay
let's see Oh her deodorant which is
really important because I was into
energy silver sweat but look more
importantly she has her freaking movado
watch her Michael Michael Kors but oh my
god the necklace with my name on it guys
this is brandon and i being accessible
yeah this will make her most the ring
don't what guys this isn't a wedding
ring not yet I don't know where she got
that from and just oh my gosh her Louis
V bagged me the most important okay yeah
we'll take her fuck no you think that's
the most important you must not know
Jackie the makeup making the makeup okay
here let's steal some of my stuff too so
this is pretty much a hotel robbery
prank as we put the roof inside our
hydraulic jack and things were pretty
much ended I know Jackie we got the room
key let's go get your phone and she's
going to walk into a crime scene I
wonder how she's going to react babe
when you watch this and nothing to do
with the jankey with all the attendees
who said it first who said it first you
said it first
when you're what okay maybe I to the
first but no we should at the same time
and you're dancing and should we
literally like dismantle this room wait
what are you doing Eric welcome no Jaime
please
so when you take everything using them
we're going to put everything steal
everything but leave the Devin Booker
okay
how about we flip the chair first let's
flip the chair okay or what I don't know
just try yeah okay there's my sock I was
looking for it yeah yeah okay clip it we
are evil I feel bad for Jackie I swear
let's hide all of the belongings put the
laptop in here let's put all the but so
everything we're going to see on here oh
my gosh my gold change the Louis D bag
okay I'm gonna make easily the rule look
upon this yeah okay then is a smart bro
bro have you robbed the place before
okay here obviously all the jewelry I
swear she's on a trip about that to the
Brandon
she loved that quietly she lies to me
and says that she does no no just put it
in there hey make sure it's on silent oh
my gosh for all you girls out there
sorry I know you guys cleaned when I
touches for makeup but we're gonna have
to hide this
there we go Jackie's makeup oh my
earrings and please
I feel romantic yeah do my you can do
all of mine I don't care I'll settle it
go ahead just throw it in it hey Dave Oh
what Jean hey you threw the game warned
Devin Booker one kiss all about you
Dennis this is this is what the Booker
just can't get stolen hey you hit Bosley
okay bro okay ball monkeys Kris oh no
janky shoes okay yes with my bags woody
and she has stuffed a ton of here oh
she's gonna be so mad her chocolates
especially me more mad about her
chocolates and her jewelry wait but what
should we do this
careful don't lose those I feel like
you're actually in a sealable oh man I
feel that well okay guys you might not
want to look here and let's not see
Jackie's bra
oh wait Dennis please don't look please
all the guitar over bangtan's
yeah guys this looks like a legit crime
scene oh my gosh Jackie's gonna think
someone got murdered
yeah move let's give you a little bit
ago guys I swear this is not the first
time Dennis has done this and I'm scared
to say that I don't think the first time
you did it was a prank
gangjae's e-bay what the heck go bag oh
let's go babe oh sorry guys it's really
late right now it's like 1:00 in the
morning but hold on a dance if it were
about to another hour but um you know to
that we do mean okay yeah oh we should I
don't have to 350 water's not to 350 Bo
I figured open a water ball they charged
me 350
Kirkland does tell we say in my language
I think you should some more make on the
floor not careful Dennis yet easy on the
makeup I swear
the makeup is expensive this is living
here uh-huh
easy yeah hide the bag just oh that
looks like they ran out with the bag and
they dropped some of the things nice and
small so meta dorsal to be compliment
this is nothing else to me yeah there's
nothing else well it already looks like
a damn murder scene what else do you
want for this one well you know what is
never gonna happen again was just ah
what the hell my boxers you over there
Bo we have everything trashed except my
Devin Booker shoes and Devin Booker
Jersey those ones can't be stolen and
one by the door one by the door yes yeah
look it Bo look good boy okay then
explicit so right now a call Ramsey call
means the outcome of State called you
but you didn't have her phone okay Paul
Ramsay and Biagio tell Jackie that
Brandon and Dennis got the keys but
they're too lazy to come to the room and
they'll meet you by the elevator so
we'll meet Jack wait I need to put the
camera somewhere hold on guys
this is the worst part about pranks
figuring out where to hide the camera
we're pranking Jake around I never went
to go get the room key
yeah okay so mean Brandon came back to
the room just tell Jackie right now me
and Dennis got the P and we're too lazy
to go down and get her so tell her to
meet us at a television we're going to
hell go around just just tell her to
come by yourself when we leave look we
could have the door like we're supposed
to close my off-eye good Lance okay now
okay okay we'll do them outside so so
we're going to leave the door open so
that when Jackie sees the door she's
gonna be like hey why was the door open
what you do
oh you just got our keys
where's your phone look all my stuff is
here and all your stuff white Berwyn
over here
where's my laptop my camera my I have
everything in here but where's your
phone you're poison you free light what
the hell is it
what boat Eddie's boy I don't know you
guys know anything
well we got wrong
all your Judaism from there we got 100
what oh my bad
what they took him they took your hand
it come out of your time wait hold on
hold on whoa wood in here from the time
that we went down I know you have your
last one for love Jackie coming Claire
your sisters here hold on who what what
on all your soror maybe everyone now
here comes me all in my name is I know
it's okay well now we're gonna call
we're gonna call a cop we're gonna call
us today
how do you listen yes someone was in
here Dennis fly lighter
visualize continual for might be obvious
Harry
check out here hold on let's go check
thank you went on okay sit down sit down
sit under yes please put this in it no
we're going to get all the stuff for
again myself I didn't care about my
laptop my camera okay let's just find
Jackie stuff earth
what's the secreting in your room yeah
men secure everything for sure hi we
just came out our room and everything
waves a dollar cigarettes and everything
is prepared to put up we have stopped
missing I think like summers in here
looking calling security and we're going
to get everything back in place on some
uppers either way there were so many I
didn't care about my stuff yeah I want
to find we kind of I mean heaven we ever
will go and so I'm hanging in there
okay okay well all I'm different and
they're just telling will you tell it
tell it tell it
nobody hey Dennis around all the things
then it's all other things then it's
alright why that is no that it lies
ending never gonna lie there's my old on
how much do you have now
why wait nobody was in here I swear
nobody was in here
Dennis gold why see Dan youngest John
you nobody wasn't you you know no no oh
yeah it was alright look look your
daughter's phone look okay hold on hold
on hold on wait a lot let me get in here
self what you're doing bag over your mom
but alright well I thought up we simple
wait time non-id all hold on wait okay
wait just look in the goop but just here
everything is in the drawer except for
my book issues it was Danny
genuine I bought y-you okay it was both
of us it Bob being out killing photos it
was both of us I swear it coming I
wasn't calling you use now on a hug I
you know that's not what you're gonna be
getting no you know what people did
outro alright guys thanks for watching
you know yeah thanks so much for
watching that's where you're gonna sleep
how does likely be hell did you have to
this I don't ever
I don't ever cry I don't cry every part
right here honestly you mean happy all
security to wait then it's no fuck did
you call what Dennis you really called
security are you stupid
I just joking ok well a stop no no don't
laugh the bullet it was bad Randy it was
bad no no I know
hey how does the room look dad know it
was bad both security job no no a
honestly no me and edit so stupid both
me and my ideas she literally had a
panic attack we were okay Dennis can we
tell her how the prank was supposed to
end the prank was supposed to look at my
Mika I know she was fun originally the
ghost full sandwich we were going to
wait for security to come all which is
these guys and they're going to walk in
no we didn't know you're we didn't know
you're going to climb have a panic
attack
exactly no I thought you were just gonna
be like what I thought like I don't know
hey are we gonna did it is I gonna do it
just know I know oh my gosh so the plane
was supposed to end with Ramsey and the
other King walking and be like hey we're
the security is just a prank
dude this room is that yeah the room is
pretty wicked is should we focus even
the TV is best so then she started
crying she started saying you know I
don't want to sleep here that somebody
was in here somebody might still be in
here saw my yo get it cut it but we
can't wait for the refunds and we have
to check out in the morning yes clean up
this whole thing
beau forget cleaning up I'm just glad
Jackie so alive had a panic attack like
Widow you got so scared
and I know that's why I cut the prank
early like really really was I feel
knowledge another thing isn't my heart
still I'm not it's not coming well she
literally like you have you guys witness
someone having a panic attack in person
let alone holding your own arms about
the hit us up to date guys man sweeping
your room yeah exactly
no you guys aren't leaving but you're
gonna kick my egg none of you guys are
leaving well doing this something I'm
gonna help be right then it's kept
another virus
no no but honestly both of her holding I
wish I have my panic attack it felt like
she was having a baby like this just put
everything yeah one thing is taking my
jewelry not flipping that one Oh oh my
gosh yeah I know I could feel she was
looking at all broke I had to cut the
plane so early I was like yo Dennis yeah
no need even wait for them to come I
couldn't wait bro shoot like I was
really seeing some of them happen what
was that because all your cell phones no
no because you thought somebody was
still in here no because I don't even
care about like obviously I care about
myself but that wasn't even my first me
I was like imagine like me Braden and
Dennis were just about to be here if
somebody was here like 25 be about like
you're getting goose Gossage face you
did in the lottery somebody having a
garden like up coming into Rio why don't
we think about the panic attack
we just thought oh let's split the room
and take your makeup on I thought she
would get scared yeah and like we would
calm her down and oh yeah panic I tried
to calm her down nah but I could calm it
down
I didn't even know what to say we were
gonna call security and the plan man and
shooting me like she's me like this oh
god Oh frag oh yeah usually I know both
usually I'm good at talking you know
when she's in a bad mood I'm good at
speaking calming her down this time I
didn't even know what to say I was just
like I will get yourself back I did not
know what to say oh that was I feel bad
we will look Dennis yeah yeah Alex give
him a high-five
maybe Amy
that was that security boat that is
listed before the video me and editor
like oh we feel bad we feel bad but bro
not a better like right now the
beginning video I feel bad I thought I
thought you don't know honest a flash
isn't walking back what the head bade
you know all of our stuff is gone we
call security you know what the heck
happened yes I care about her safety
I know but we didn't about that Canadian
because we thought about lost items we
didn't think about someone was in the
scene here and she would know she what
tell me what shows in my arms she's like
babe somebody was in here somebody it's
still in here and I got scared I'm like
even though I know me and that is if
this somebody is fucking in here each
other although wait what if there's
someone in here
hey good about Dennis good about I
stopped dojos about this bow no but
honestly I feel bad I feel like a dick
obviously a I make it look I make it
looks good
I think before like we get married for
your wedding you should do your makeup
and then cry because it looks good like
this yeah oh my god Alan because you
have to so yeah she's not mad literally
thought of this woman like Minnie I
swear to you yeah maybe we thought it
out more Dennis would've done a nice
girl up okay guys you should I do is a
pretty graduate when she start again
underworld open a delete you guys do
like straight up I want to close this
video out but I just don't know like I
don't know what to say like I'm an idiot
I really I thought yeah no I think it's
going to come out anyway
that's why I feel so bad I got a seated
yeah me and Dennis we're just thinking
about the item part like oh she's going
to see your identity we didn't think
about the safety part comment call me
Ella
team JPEGs
oh my god I don't know what that is but
I'm gonna tell you guys just wait till I
get him back no no no we have to do that
is it
my team my teens gonna take over no I
don't have to go though we don't have to
know that what are you doing editor yeah
even yo yo yo yo yeah yeah I'm the video
in the video so I'm here to close out
this video please hey let me be more
energetic I feel so bad I can't talk but
I'm gonna be more energetic here to make
everyone feel better look how beautiful
she is either you run down a lake
Oh God I hope you enjoy to do shopping
like for me crank
no that wasn't just talking about 100%
panic attack I felt I've seen you cry
before that was a for real a panic
attack didn't sleep underverse today I
know Jackie of asleep hugging her Julian
furs are falling I was thinking because
my mom gave me that I'm like my mom kind
of beat my ass like no do I believe a
shinobi it would be like you lost it oh
my gosh Jackie never ever cries that's
right it was that when she started
crying out first I'm like damn I know
that I ever lie about anything but then
when it turned into like a I was like
funny Ben didn't say shit the whole time
then is it officially gonna be like that
yeah yeah like and I feel then I saw her
reaction I'm really going full singles
yet hey if you guys ever need security
high for whatever reason we got a baby
right here I apologize I'm very very
very sorry
I'll apologize on behalf of Dennis to do
this wait so I did this by myself
yes oh yeah wait till you watch the
intro look look we both thought about
honestly having no baby no okay wait
don't you watch it enjoy it's in this
damn video peace out guys hi yeah I'm
not asleep crying myself to sleep cuz I
feel bad
yeah let's just make a little audience I
deserve vehicle I wasn't expecting that
was excellent yep yeah just like to the
cameras off and then we'll talk one
thing I never I never see this one this
one off you'll see in all my pictures I
wear Brandon's necklace with his name on
it all the time and then I was freaking
out this this is really I wear this
every single day and this is my series
only saying it to make me happy she
doesn't really care
okay guys I just want to say something
before closing the G out because I swear
I probably came off as such a big wait
hold on I want to say that was I
probably came off as a really really
mean douchebag in this video because
Jackie started crying and like that's
not the type of person I am so I just
want
and knowledge and Jackie I already
apologized to Jackie but I just want to
apologize like if I looked like a
freakin douche bag that is not the type
of person I am I literally just did not
think this through I didn't think that
Jackie would cry let alone have like a
panic attack and start shaking I don't
know why I'm an idiot I didn't think
that I think I went too overboard with
this prank forget dinner it's on my
fault you crying an expert in you know
yeah you're right a prank is a prank but
I still did not want to see you cry like
that that's my fault I apologize I'm
sorry I took it overboard and I never
meant for that to happen
I mean Jackie's already open she's not
mad at me but for everybody I think I
did not mean if I swayed you guys that
was never my intention
