yo guys I know I'm supposed to be going
to sneaker con today but um what about
sandal con how about that we're going to
sand O'Conner sneaker con so now I'm
just joking I'm going to wear the
sneakers right here I feel like Cox is
going to be surprised because the last
week on we went to Ty's told me to pick
these shoes up and I didn't pick them up
but a couple weeks so I went to the mall
and I picked those shoes up so I feel
like ice is going to be really happy I
am in LA
for the next two days today is sneaker
con day one because sneaker con day -
which is tomorrow there is going to be a
really really big basketball game so
what we're doing for day one in the
draft they are doing a live draft so
right now me and all the other players
don't know which team we're going to be
on until the draft and I want to see
who's going to get picked number one I
don't I don't think I'm gonna get a pick
number one hope that I get picked top
five maybe top six but I don't think I'm
gonna pick number one but after that
there will be a three-point contest I
think I'm participating I'm not sure yet
we'll see so today should be really
really fun I got a head out because it's
getting really really late and I know
base off last sneaker con I'm going to
be meeting so many members of the broad
squad so I cannot wait for that you know
I'm excited when I keep walking around
the room when I'm blogging and I can't
stay in one place so I'm really really
excited to meet all you guys please
don't be shot if you see me come up say
hi take pictures other than that please
enjoy the rest of this video the draft
is today the three-point contest is
today and the game is tomorrow I hope
you guys enjoyed Sandel con peace I'm
just joking I'm not wearing sandals last
time I wore sandals and everybody was
looking at me like both what the hell
we got sneaker confu oh this is my
sneaker Kong crew guys Ramsay and meal
key I did it I love engine okay here
I'll do in order from who I like mostly
oh there Ramsay a meal but yeah guys
it's all rockin to sneaker con with
aside from all the other youtubers I got
you i got and jpig it's time to finally
coach a sneaker con okay guys so a meal
is really really nervous right now
because he has some Yeezy that he bought
online but he doesn't know if they're
real or fake so luckily over here at
sneaker consi there
one called Yeezy Buster and he tells you
if the easies are real or fake obviously
a milk nervous broke and to me this is
like you know when you go to a doctor
with a girl you don't know if the baby's
yours or not so you're sweating and
super nervous that's what Emile's going
through right now for his easy easy
look those questions when did I not
experience obviously not experience with
me but like from what I've heard from
other people on the Maury show and all
that
we got people lined up already whoa the
line is crazy
we just walked in playa doors right
there doors right there so I can only
imagine how hectic
yo guys I feel like I actually fit in
here last time I swear to you I went to
sneaker gone in Nike sandals okok so
like what are you doing I'll let you
know me bro I have to do one time then
it took two pictures both fan love so
okay guys
a shout out to Alan right here taking me
to a safe spot because it got super
hectic I'm not sure where Alex taking it
so guys okay guys so they send me up
right here
I was down to keep walking okay so yeah
it's a little crazy right now
thank you Hey look the news out here
top security half I don't know what he
did hear me oh boy giggles hey
if you scream for a lot is you can take
a stick
hey how about this goddamn dirty saw hey
everybody yo guys that was crazy bro how
many people just in there honestly
probably like 300 Joules well that was
crazy there were so many people and now
the master sneakerheads Chi Omar yeah
somewhere in there somewhere in there
hi can I see through the back really
quick in and I think through the back
loop we could go to ties no no no no he
told me thank you
I told but God let me speak it oh oh
fire kick I want to run you got the fire
on right and I didn't even dare bring my
girl with me over here and I'm not
around on the role of okay how are you
okay so hey what is this bro
I'm sure this isn't selling well yeah
what do you got on the feet you let get
so much I paid for these I don't want to
know about how much 600
what gorgeous girl there's only 50 in
the world this is the Jordan that was
made for Kobe Bryant oh my goodness 4d
bogie hey you deserve thinking drumstick
John you toss it that's good
I'm a little upset with Kai what he
didn't say anything about my shoes yeah
whoa I went from walking in with Nike
sandals a couple months ago to walking
in with these and Kai's didn't have a
single word to say you want it can you
have semesters Brooklyn I don't even
want to play in the game anymore
tomorrow cuz we got beef bro bro we got
him thrown out and my picture
sneakerheads yeah well I think I think
so make me proud
we got Christopher London Hollywood back
this time jets or vote
you weren't there last time say what up
I got the Vanek I got the advantage of
cash both man I got one question
oh oh you're in the three-point I'm
asked about Kyrie I'm asking about your
in the three-point contest right next
myself no bro you're playing the
three-point contest no I'm not some
maybe not the best shooter but you got
to show out today rostro y'all don't fly
in Pisa yeah I'm not anything we done
it's all new that suppose you could
compete stay there hey okay now just
Lakers I'm not in it
hey but now on the real Kyrie he's not a
Cleveland or one you know we had a hook
of my boys with courtside seats
this is camerawoman seats perfect view
of the court so for everybody wondering
I'm not in the three-point contest
because they wanted to do all new
players except kind because type one so
I wanted to play the three-point contest
trust me I really really did I'll be in
it next time yeah I'm gonna go watch it
watch it watch it
wifey 400y he's going to win it watch ok
you got cut
what about cash it's thank you might win
it bro they're both in the three-point
contest and
thank you so much better you are a cock
you guys can try to call my dealer maybe
then he wants to make you a company
wants to say why people honey how did
you get a good shooter sucks that team
meeting
players only meeting come on what the
camera hey guys so the draft a toboggan
are you type and cat are captain let's
see which team I get picked off boosting
and go I want to play first recruit you
know how long I wanted to go to Lakers I
want to play for time hey I need a low
for ball to push me to Dream Cruise
they're doing rock paper scissors to see
who gets the first take pretty much to
see who gets LSK
you know Papa never wanted to the number
one man my god
thank you happy
let's go guys he got faith in me boku wa
l-akhirin
I told him I thought LSD was gonna go
first both on him he got in my LS a
second Haycock picked me because last
game I pass him the game wouldn't shine
y'all not together
the chemistry broke thank you okay so
they got cash lmj how watching Raji Raji
it was you watching on the same people
again retie what happened - we're on the
same team we win we get w0 you has LSK
and let's see who's third okay they got
Trey they're looking nasty before we go
with I'd say pick Jackie but PJ chica
she's getting the pose boat back it down
and go hey just let you know what that's
my locker go to L escape oh they're
guarding Alice they all game fucked up
and let's see who cash big forth yes sir
it seems not looking too bad we got all
Middle Eastern forget dream crew were
named Middle Eastern people all items in
the papers they release their fever cold
okay we got Mike to what he's wearing he
got me thinking he got drafted by the
Lakers vote
let's go baby
a football for tomorrow national game
today so much
the shooter half for a shawl if it goes
into the standard need someone I'm sorry
Oh
so cool
okay so we're out of the knockout game
they're still in but honestly only the
real Hooper's get out further reference
well yeah only the real Hooper's get out
burns yeah exactly
hey I lost another increased Krista's in
a three-point shooter if this was a dunk
contest Marquis Chris I would want I
should have worn my Booker for the you
know there's no damn car I'm just joking
I lost two that starts out bad okay guys
three-point contest by the start I want
to play so bad so I'm about to hop on
just grab one of the racks and start
shooting okay
hey as long as he doesn't think about
the Warriors he'll be fine
okay let's go cash you got that last one
boys you would think about Katie too
much rope he was thinking about Katie
okay up next we got gesture oh I know
you're dying to get into this I'm dying
bro this is torture rope tomorrow that's
okay
okay you're right oh-oh-oh
and Anthony can be so much prayer Luxur
I'm more nervous now than last time
oh you got 9 you're straight so he's
most likely gonna advance to the next
round we'll see it's a lot harder than
it was in 2000 people Coffman yg up next
oh hi people honey
I picked him as winner though
I told you guys thirsty boy he scared me
away broke a giraffe let's do it so he
needs at least eight to go to the next
round here we go give it up Alentejo
let's go Chris
crease it into the next round making
you're done I'm sorry mate you might be
going to the next round guys needs nine
or more you think he's going to get it
recentiy to get it I think you're going
to tie we'll see my gosh ninth to tie 10
to advance personal growth would be
defending champ let's go pop a cute five
he needs it ah he got sick he got sick
oh oh he does save me thirsty that's not
counting him he already lost on you ever
done okay so next round is LSK geser hua
ji and Mike three two one
wanna see me five nine so gesture got
nine again and his second round not that
uncle yg thank you
let's go watching everybody you look
like knees here we go oh my god oh my
god that's my champion yg why did he get
picked first overall just oh my god to
give him a trophy ah I forget the last
I'll just give him a showpiece I forget
the last time to view the trophy vote
he's hot
okay so lfk needs 14 or out wajih's the
winner here energy let's go Chris
and you got to win 100 my championship
prediction coming true is it let's see
you should have a number one overall
vote it's over beep babe I told you
Blasio is gonna win okay tell Watchi to
save something for tomorrow both option
three I appreciate you winning the
three-point credit but you gotta save
some for our team tomorrow I'll say okay
guys please take me
we got three youtuber wives we got one
we got two and we got three I want to
ask you guys really quick how does it
feel to be dating you crazy
crazy exciting that's a Jackie answer
okay and you I just want to say MTV I
want my own show Housewives of festival
euphoria
mine is plane tomorrow you know I just
spotted a Devin Booker Jersey
I swear look I just spotted one you see
a key I see you boy D book without look
at the Kevin watch it
he's one great huge fans and they said
they had a gift for me so I pulled them
out open up in the blog to the moon so
was I telling you before we came about
the jacket I hat I want a black one
you guys already know we had to come
here right after speaker con all the
other restaurants around here were less
of a wait but we have to come if they
had canes in San Diego would I ever eat
at home no I would save my mom so much
time if they built Cannes and San Diego
she would never have to cook shit yo
guys I'm here with Jackie to close out
this video sneaker con day one is
officially over I had a ton of fun it
was an amazing time I wish I got this
plane to three-point contest but
honestly Raju was hot if I was in there
if we're being real why'd you want to be
me
but anyway it was silly really really
fun times just watching them play and it
was really dope getting picked number
one overall what did I tell you I didn't
see that coming and it's like no baby
here going she kept on me she's like
you're gonna go first watch but even I
don't think she really believed I did
you know girlfriends have to be
supportive just cuz their girlfriends
but and then Kai with the number overall
pick bought it so that was crazy or
super dope I like our team their team is
good too so I can't wait for the game
the game will be tomorrow which means
the video will be up tomorrow another
exciting thing was meeting all you guys
I really don't think I've met this many
supporters this many members of the
valasco all at once like it just keeps
building you guys just keep making the
robot squad bigger and it's it's crazy
it got so crazy to the point where I
didn't even request a booth because I
always you know I tell myself okay I
don't think I'm going to meet that many
people because I don't know I always try
to downplay everything and then I walk
in and there were so many people that
the security was like okay none of them
they'll come here you're getting put in
the back you go way too many people with
you and it was just crazy it was
overwhelming and I appreciate each and
every single one you guys it was really
really dope meeting you guys and now my
focus is all on the game I can't wait I
hope my team wins I think my team's
gonna win and I gotta come up big
there's a lot of pressure going number
one overall not gonna lie there are so
many other players that could have been
picked and insect-type kicked me so it's
a lot of pressure but I like being under
pressure so guys I'm not
disappoint you let's get the W tomorrow
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed tomorrow's video
please drop a like on this if you didn't
enjoy anyway thank you guys so so much
for watching and I can't wait to meet
even more people tomorrow because I know
you guys are going to show up peace out
guys wait did you enjoy meeting all
those people yeah that was so much fun
and I kept taking pictures and like
saying hi we what you know what one
funny thing when they tell us to take
over their snapchat and I'm like oh I
don't know that today we took over so
many PSSs fans like we would just take
their phone and be like okay Brandon
here Jackie just put on their story but
uh yeah guys you had a good time and I
hope you guys have a good time watching
this video I gotta get to editing right
now I don't want to be up to like three
or four in the morning editing so I'm
going to try to get it done early by
done early I mean I want to try to get
it done by like 12:00 or 1:00 in the
morning instead of being the morning but
I want to try to get it done
