that pretty children oh my son happy
time in California I know that it
doesn't want to leave we're getting
ready for sneaker con la getting come
for LA yes you don't have to leave me
buddy
my view we're gonna send my Z we're
gonna hurt you
okay guys you already know Paul got us
all looking fresh Jackie how do you like
your skin shade we tried to get Dennis
cut by Paul but my boy Paul is always so
busy so he didn't have time for two but
Dennis you like how you're cutting out
you everyone in there cuts good anyway
so and Dennis has only been with me for
like two weeks and I'm already teaching
him to get a haircut every week teaching
in the bad habit all you people out
there you gotta get haircuts every week
if not every five days maybe every three
days I don't know yeah Jackie guys kept
Houston knew hey oh my god I can't even
hear that getting haircut every six
months that his scared hey
okay so right now we're going back on on
this might be really confused if I just
got a call from Jackie saying that
somebody had heard make sure she was
okay but we all just where I was so long
we were leaving and then I guess
somebody just hit Jackie so she called
me and asked me if I could go back to
her so I mean she said that she's okay
what we're gonna go see we just left how
long from then it's like 20 years even
like 20 seconds yeah we left the shot me
and Dennis are driving she called me and
told me she got hit hoping it's not too
bad because that's my girlfriend
obviously but most important thing is
that she is okay
go see what's up right now okay guys so
they're right there I don't know I'm not
sure where she got hit from that's weird
guys we were just with each other I kid
you not like 30 seconds be less than
this I'm coming
I guess Jackson was driving up and this
drill drive stick so the clutch got
stuck and tell her car didn't break so
hey Jackie
her bumper came off we stuff today yes
she popped it back to this place
there's a few scratches like superior
and I just feel about projecting to see
like really scared I'm okay guys so if
you're wondering where we are right now
we are at Jackie's house if you saw in
the last clip Dennis actually took
Jackie's card to my house first of all
Thank You Dennis because Jackie can't
really drive right now
we came to Jackie's house instead of my
house because she feels more comfortable
here you want to come to your house
right yeah I'll tell you that my ideas
are yeah so she feels way better and way
more comfortable here and then the whole
way here she was holding my hand how was
it yes like this and I excited cry I
hate crying that's like one of my least
favorite things to do and I was like I'm
sorry babe but like and I felt bad
because when he's out there I couldn't
even speak to her she couldn't even at
all I was like sure yeah and I was like
a dog annek I hate I had anxiety attacks
here and there it was like really
overwhelming because you've been I'm not
at for guys gonna hit before I saw that
like first of us the first thing you
think about you know Lindsay's been in
another accident it was like the same
thing literally just played in my head a
day listen same way kind of granny was
with me like literally 30 seconds
we were already he was okay so he was
right here the light had just turned
green so he was the first month ago and
then me so that light had just turned
green so I just started going and I
didn't see the car behind me all like I
see through my mirror and her like once
I heard the sound it was so loud and
then I usually steering wheel with my
face it was really really hard and I was
so confused at first
and she's bruising yes your anger see
you going over here luckily we just like
pulled over she called me right away
yeah and I was like give me a second to
the lady she got out before me and she
was like knocking on the window and I
was like I literally if you know
obviously I just hit something really
hard and I was like so confused it
literally came out of nowhere I was
literally like let me call Brandon
because I can't think right out when we
say we're with each other 30 seconds
before it we're not joking it was
literally 30 seconds when she called me
especially knowing that she had been in
a bad car accident before so I turned
around and I
over there and let me tell you what the
lady told me because Jackie was like
overwhelmed so she wasn't she couldn't
even talk to the lady like I said she's
been in a really bad car crash before so
this like brought back memories for her
so she wasn't really talking but I
wanted to lady nicely Oh like how did
this happen and she told me that she
drives a stick and that her clutch
stopped working so that she couldn't
press the brake and her car rammed into
Jackie but she sounded really like she
was making it up my thinking is that she
was on her phone looking down so she
didn't see that the cars were going slow
so she just kept hitting being on your
phone is one of the worst things you can
do when you drive honestly - and then
what made me mad was that you know we
were like okay it's okay let's just
figure out what happening and what we're
going to do and she goes yeah anyway all
the scratches were already on her car
the only ones that I cause were like two
right there and in my head on my boat
Jackie's over there having like an
anxiety it's actually shaking she just
hit her head on the steering wheel she's
bruising up and you're over here like
one minute after you hit her trying to
say yeah anyway those crabs were already
there is you know I only did those at
least wait a little bit before you start
claiming the scratches on the car at
least wait two people are okay like I
don't know that just made me mad but I
kept my cool out like okay hold on let's
just figure this out and I'm not kidding
you guys Scott like I don't know what it
was but there's the way that it sounded
and it was like the actual hit when she
hit me I don't know how my car is isn't
I literally thought that because of how
hard it wasn't she hit me I thought that
my car went in when I was about being
out in the car I'm like oh I already
know I'm gonna have to get it towed like
I was so lucky and blessed nothing like
major happens to me or her and I know a
lot of people are going to be like oh
Jax is such a baby why she like that it
was just one hit but like I said a
million times it's because she's been in
a really bad crash where remember you
got a concussion she broke her arm and
just felt like this was before we
started dating if our broken hand right
when we started dating was right after
she like on a really bad car back so for
anybody who's going to be saying like Oh
Jackie is overreacting why was she
shaking blah blah blah that she's been
in a really bad car crash and she got a
concussion from that crash her car
total this is a new the reason she has
discarded because her last hour got
totaled like smash from the other crack
so obviously if you've been through that
just two years ago and you get hit again
then in her head she like I mean I'm
glad I'm okay but it was really really
scary so yeah that's how it happened I
went first at the green light and then
Jackie was about to go and the car came
from behind her it didn't even stop
super fat hates her and maybe her brake
wasn't working but the way she said it
sounded like she was making it up off
the spot she's like oh um yeah my clutch
like it just sounded sneaky she was like
oh yeah it happens all the time if you
say oh it happens all the time that my
car brake stops working then maybe you
should go get your car checked out
because that's not safe for you to be
driving on the road without my brake
being able to work at the end of the day
le Jackie's okay while these were trying
to make her okay to him no no no Z's
today yeah that was the first thing when
Jackie called me I was like wait are you
serious like are you okay what happened
she was like just come here like she
could barely talk but I'm glad now she's
like this getting better we came to her
house because I know she feels more
comfortable I haven't been here in so
long because now that we moved I live so
far away from here shoutout to Dennis
once again for thank you driving her car
to my house because she couldn't drive
her anxiety was bad like I've been with
her for two years and I haven't seen it
this bad so it was like it was scary
because so good thing Jax is okay and
good thing the other driver is okay
because the other driver could have got
her tubes because she was not really bad
so maybe she could have got her so I'm
glad she's okay surprisingly her car is
fine too so that's the most important
thing Jackie's okay and then also the
other driver is fine oh no we're just
lucky this could have been way way worse
we'll see what to do about the car and
we got all the information down and I
guess we'll keep you guys updated
whenever something pops up but it might
be a while because you guys know how
these situations play out they take a
really long time but anyway we're going
to take our time here whenever Jax feels
ready we'll head back over to my house
oh yeah and by the way guys I just want
to address this before this clip and
just know that I would never post a clip
like this or Jackie would never post a
clip like this unless we knew each other
were okay so for example when Jackie
called me and I was talking to her over
the phone the first thing I did was not
pull out the camera it wasn't she called
me I pulled out the camera right away no
first she called me and I asked if she
was okay after what happened and then
the camera came out once I knew
everything was okay
so our first instinct isn't pull the
camera out but at the same time our job
it's involved in our daily lives I just
like we share everything else with you
guys we don't want to keep things hidden
from you guys so I know there's going to
be two takes to it one take is going to
be oh why are you walking you know your
girlfriend is gone the car accident and
the other ticket well you should be
vlogging that's his job his job is to
keep us involved in blood so there's two
ways one this way why are you walking
Europe friend is gone and car accident
it wouldn't I wouldn't be vlogging if
she didn't tell me that she was okay and
she was fine with it and then the other
part of it it's your job you should be
vlogging yeah that that's true my job is
to keep you guys involved in our lives
and we don't like to hide things from
you guys so when something does happen
we like to keep you guys involved pop a
rug to the rescue to go check out the
car you don't feel good I really thought
that I was there anything Papa rock and
ooh Oh dad who put the thing in my room
the bed I think said again is there
anything Papa Road can't do okay guys so
it's time to update you on the whole
situation with what's happening right
now and can kind of close this video out
I know every time I say it's time to
close this video out I keep going on and
off for like 20 minutes but this time I
promise I'll try to make it short
anyways if you're wondering where Jackie
is she is not here right now it's like
midnight it's really late but she
decided to stay home with her family
because like we said earlier she was
scared and I told her I think it'd be
better for her to stay at home and be
with her family because a lot of people
are just going to act like it wasn't a
big deal in Jackie's over-exaggerating
but no trust me when we first started
dating and she's on that really big car
crash she had a really bad concussion
broken arm so it's just a traumatizing
experience and I feel like everything
came back to here today so I told her to
stay with her family for the night and
I'll feed her tomorrow she's doing
better for a lot of people asked me I
was scared you know that's my girlfriend
I love her
so when she gave me the call and then
when I saw her shaking and like
panicking I was super scared and I'm
glad she's doing better she'll be fine
for everybody wondering she'll be okay
but today was a bad day for her I'm just
glad she's okay and I'm also glad the
person in the other car was okay because
they both could have been really hurt
and you know as a boyfriend I never
liked seeing my girlfriend like that so
I'm just I'm just hoping she'll be
better tomorrow and I feel like this
video has been really down for multiple
reasons it's just kind of in a Down mood
so two up with this video let me just
say that tomorrow I am leaving for
sneaker con Los Angeles I know I
mentioned this in one of my other videos
but for those who don't know yet it is
official I'm going to speaker con la I
will be playing in the hoops classic I
will be participating in the three-point
contest and I can't wait to meet all you
guys because last week Akana Chicago I
met so many supporters I met so many
members of the Balazs wat and it was an
amazing experience it was my first time
so I never do was going to be like that
and when I met all you guys are just
felt so amazing so I can't wait for LA
there's going to be my second one ever
and if you're in the LA area I really
can't wait to meet you you should come
out and say what's up but not only am I
going with Jackie I am bringing two
special guests with me to sneaker con
Los Angeles ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls that's the Q guys
we got guests number one what's up baby
how you doing D and we got get number
two key my shoes
the showing issues both with me I'm with
my mechanic Huckle
we athletic four one two three - okay
God anyways I will be driving a speaker
con with Jackie and also with Dennis and
Keith so if you guys around the area be
sure to come say what's up please don't
be shy I don't like it when I see
supporters of mine stand in the corner
and you know they're really trying to
come up and take a picture no just come
up ask for a picture sandwich something
I love meeting you guys so please don't
be shy hey Eddie is you guys to say
about my luggage oh yeah you know so for
everybody who knows me for everyone who
knows the waters knows you know I always
like to tak last second like literally
the day of when I have a trip but this
time go ahead and I'm not gonna lie I'm
proud I didn't think party I think use
you know do it
earliness be I'm surprising or detective
it typical rainy tomorrow more it's okay
that's my pet I can stay here a lot of
your guys on it's time to pack my
luggage but I'm gonna be true told you
guys that Lucky's are going to stay
empty until ten minutes before we have
to leave as I'm going to take all my
clothes a boo-boo group of a boom so
anyway god I need to start editing my
video I still want to get this video up
tomorrow I'm going to try to upload
every day that I'm on this trip but it
might be hard because I'm driving there
I'm not flying but I cut into the time a
lot anyways I'm going to reunite with
kites conic Omar as you guys know in the
sneaker head I can't wait to be back
with him yg I met all all the youtubers
they're all really really cool so I
can't wait to be with them the vlog
should be really fun other than that I
need to get to working on this video
because it's late what time is it like
twelve one it's really late right now so
I need to get this done wake up early
drive to LA and I can't wait to meet all
you guys and didn't you know he can't
wait to meet all you guys do that he
said girls only go he said if you're I
don't know why I show him to be nice to
everyone but he said if you're a boy
don't even ask
a picture and I'm like why oh because my
mind is a working guy
I said what's up baby how you doing oh
yeah blow it for 17 degrees it was
Sunday dinner hidden alright guys thank
you so much for watching this video
please drop a like if you did enjoy if
you guys are worried about Jackie she'll
be okay it was just like a traumatizing
thing because of what happened in the
past so she'll be fine she's doing much
better I was just talking to her to
their family and she can't wait to meet
all you guys either she was telling me
earlier that she was so excited to meet
you guys I will be seeing you guys in
the next video and I'll be meeting a lot
of guys in person over the next couple
days
peace out guys can chilla go try it 87
Oh Pete uh good Oh Jackie loves truth
what is she oh no no we're not these are
for sure or do both and she already had
a bad day I want her to see you Wayne
girl as a model and I want that's a good
arc for the one guys you know it
wouldn't be the end of a bharata's video
unless i close it out on my Mac webcam
bond what did you just say that the
quality is so bad the quality bag why is
it like that is it no it is bad but this
class super wanted so I'm here to say
goodbye to my family my just woke up
guys before every week I know everyone
one vibrated at least it's not a ten-day
vacation so oh you really did just wake
up
I can't reach okay guys thank you so
much for watching this video I'm gonna
miss my family are you guys gonna miss
me oh boy you know that yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
