oh I am a pimp oh yeah I'm sorry
hey what is going on you guys Randhir
aka everyone and today I bring you guys
a brand new challenge video with he was
the only beautiful mmm thanks okay sorry
every time I get mad at Brandon I keep
things growing he doesn't like it
because funny okay it does both really
busy Hong Kong anyways guys for today's
video we went out and we bought a bunch
of different flavored chapstick and
we're going to be doing the get the
chapstick challenge or the chapter town
whatever you guys wanna call it the
flavors we pick up pepper mix rose petal
I don't know with Roby's and you know I
will put a little bit like Oh what BW
have a soothing vanilla more logs I'm
being honest with you guys I have no
idea what this one will have to look it
up and it was wine so this is wine we
peach coconut honey blocked up and wild
berry so we got eight different flavors
and we have a platform the person who is
blindfolded just sit back and doesn't do
anything until the person who da
potholders put the chocolate in kitchens
in so the person is Blackwater had to
get with chapstick the other person is
using and the person who guesses the
least amount correctly is going to have
to get ice down their pins or happen in
degree to there is they know what
because we want to do a shot of hot
sauce you're looking at so you don't
have an advantage you like spicy
I don't you are already here attitude
thataway and we're going to watch paper
to deplete do you know that I'm here for
this song because here you to me don't
ask here we go discuss you can but what
do it also others are gone last time you
did not have a cross paper sipping okay
yeah yeah not what they were skidded and
then just lucky or scissors okay
and I'm pouring sorry just so you know
you don't have to physically picture
this and we're going to do a best out of
three well favorite is wall paper
scissors ah
wait back up zero one okay one favorite
series Rock favorite dinner okay you act
like we're doing we can all get deposit
it's just getting the chassis now but I
wanna be second wave eyelashes base and
add maybe two different a classroom
that's weird
okay sorry
okay I ready to you want to sing and
seen you said it wrong and honey said it
gets more load okay guys we just got
word from the camp man behind the screen
was been playing for so long just to
tell me this is not realized we're loans
okay sorry Dennis
so eight flavors black holding on please
don't cheat wait there's one more second
to listen to cycle there's coconut
sweetie honey wild berry vanilla rose
petal peppermint and drizzle okay what's
it go there low okay I can't see
anything
obviously just a nuisance for grant
actually have to kiss me big boy the
jacks are gone we can see enough today
this is just extra okay good
three two wait how do we know your kids
happy because we're your first kids got
three two one no you can't get second
charlie
yeah you can nobody's got the whole day
getting blue big so for the video would
make you have to kiss me and I could say
yes do okay wait let me smell you this
is it while Barry know what because we
can't shoot no those who drugs yeah we
peach so Jackie is over one complete
all of it not only a kid okay
I think that like oh yeah yeah oh my god
okay baby we will kiss when we put the
chaps EVP she's taking advantage of you
I like this amar Lok at all what the
hell that is
we're dancing hey is that my friend too
okay if you want to take the taxi what
would you taste like okay so I wanted to
days are tested what I did like worth
being a dope know like what's slinger
party nobody knows classic no you know
what people used to call me brandy you
from bringing a lot of wet first of all
not too long but second that's what you
just like regular but there is no
regular so Merlot how did you know no
Gerry
so just if I get one right I cheated no
reason I guess were loaded because I
know what these other want a pie I don't
know what Merlot Merlot what it tastes
like
so when I taste something that gonna get
without is on so we're missing oh my God
where are harlots colors in of yours are
coming where your clown in Stephen King
did okay so I have one point jackie has
Europe next me he's gonna have eyes down
okay now okay close your eyes how many
of my old enough just baby your cheese
nothing I said as against hard we're in
my Hogan thanks guys one mystery flavor
however I already good with his soft
lips they know we're about this your
favorite movie ever made
yes 3 2 1
honey I clearly smell like a big home ok
physical the net is better precone the
first of dating someone will be
socialist in your zone okay guys so
jackie has one more I have a point is
not oh I have to walk necklace okay
anyway I'm ready Freddie Freddie Benson
come on Thomas get up these are gonna
cool amenities you know if your lips
look like mine then you should be
worried cuz I have nice lips look for
you and I have literally no lip no your
bottom under decent but you're talking
like a fifty overall to take it's
non-existent all right already
no one can achieve thank you watch it
you said you're ready you're doing it to
them and the clothes come off okay
I hear hold on it oh yeah you did that I
didn't cry okay well if you're going to
take on on your planet it's okay
peppermint open well another one over
there as a habit number one classic Cola
okay here
so still one-to-one and we got four more
left
I don't want I've got my fans I plan to
have kids in the future okay close your
eyes I'll trust you in your fake lunches
open your eyes my losses are literally
coming off because okay next next next
just is we you know that episode where
is my show where any chief have to get
special from that line night up okay
remember we go hey maybe you take your
poison amazing yes I said but so we get
won't try that happily but I'm free you
got it right
I feel like a Buddha getting colder
about a second to two to one
I could have a bullet non-english I'm
going to look skinny crusty solid
it looks like speaking jack and makeup
remover knife hey don't roast me I will
make a sick child okay I need this I
need that they're going free play with
us
come on sugar is that be ready cuz I'm
yellow elbow okay okay you literally
wrote oh no you seated Oh as a team
there's no way I'm going to know I
didn't roll it tastes like friggin
louder I'm going to guess it easily why
do you gotta figure for you because it's
so distinct I was elected okay guys so
it's two to two and there's two flavors
left here you go I'm going to the moon
thinking you look like the Morning Calm
so if I get this right and then you have
to do okay fine so if you get this right
then then there will only be one left so
obviously no twenty days some days I
want to tell on your go kiss me okay
you can't call someone to kiss you kiss
me okay three two one okay now that was
your beer that was it
yeah that was your beauty okay I'll kiss
you oh no no no no no okay well could be
well okay I'm going to say that is
vanilla yes she gonna one it was wild
berries what's freaking wild berries was
wild berries so Danny it is two two two
and there's one more less smell like
what does that mean what if she got that
she would have one but she didn't get it
so as well the other guy it was two two
two but there's one less it was monsoon
what does I mean not you get to get this
but I know it okay okay okay that's
tomorrow so this is kind of like a
southern bed so I'm going to let Jackson
choose any one that you want I'm gonna
be blindfolded if I get this right I win
if I get it right then we tie you don't
just wrap them I'm locked in see look at
my flush mode let's see if I got the
clutch gene or if I'm not
okay what is that on the graphics
because every book is closed she had a
bunch of game in about anymore twenty
years old days you know that oh wait I
don't know how this played my town right
there yeah tape I'm back that's not I
know that does taste it okay we're ready
are we ready
let me guess you mix like ate all the a
double a-side I'm dancing okay okay
no that's not fair yeah looks like it to
me
okay well you're look at your own she
what she you cheater
do you lose I'm not going to your
charisma at my wedding pills in my
maritime say just so everybody here
knows Jackie is a cheater ankle over
time you'll say so I get my mind you get
on what swimmer gets the okay I don't
want this yeah I got coconut wrong I got
coconut off a million time so it's okay
I think the cool okay I know for this
outfit auto ride you all at the end of
this video
do not feel less painful I'm not doing
anything okay
three two one may tell me hey sorry okay
Sowerberry nobilis sweet peach so now
they said no I didn't miss back on me
swear swear now this is it's the last
round
southern death we are tied right now if
I like this rather than ants ties if I
get a ride on the winter so it whichever
one you want and tell me good okay
yeah can't take anything they don't let
me eat your lips you love you kiss them
yarns we'll need the money okay why
can't they thinking so this isn't your
random guess I guess peppermint no just
take the who time we're both guys in our
pants
let me if the Ellie died well then you
should never signed up for this
challenge
okay guys so after multiple sudden death
and after multiple time we are both
going that's what I and I might want to
do together at the same time yeah I'm
alone so I'm gonna cuz I'm competitive
and I'll keep it in my pants for I right
now end up getting some sort of
something that's not good for me
wait can actually dive in at this time
so first of all at the end and it's only
to put like two or three flavors at the
same time so you don't get it and the
other thing is only to do days that's
not the sneaky music thousand people
each over the hot sauce on it and then
put on your lips yeah and I said nope
Danny come on you think about it you
know what he's really trying to feel
random for me but he wants to literally
kill me okay it's time for I in my thing
gingerly high smoking okay guys so
Bosley came out to watch the show I
think he just wants to see Jackie and
we're outside because mama rug got mad
that we're about to do it inside so she
said get out get out
Dennis can you please record yes ma'am I
know how you're gonna do with you you
know what I'm a man you never make your
girlfriend do something like you got a
promotion
both okay you don't make your girlfriend
do stuff like this you got to be a man
one in the front one in the back
wait I'm wearing the shirt to play
basketball tomorrow so I can't get the
shirt dirty wait how about just one
color nope Oh Janet Zappala come up
floatable no you guys do both no one in
the front one in the back turn into
icicles okay okay
we're all wild in the back yeah yeah I
don't need that hey I'll get both done
my frontal broke there was never a deal
where you got to take it in the bag that
was never part of the deal bro not when
I was born not when I was a kid not in
every coffee tastes pretty ready bud
all right here just put in the fumble
the other one put the other one see hey
babe how long are you supposed to be in
your bowl leave it just leave it leave
it
all right now you're good whenever I
want you to knit thank you polly rolled
ah god please drop a like on this video
any time to close this video okay you
wanna do it to me oh my god
no it's okay baby trust me you don't
want this for fun I hope you guys
enjoyed this video drop a like if you
did subscribe if you are new to this
channel we just hit 2.2 million
subscribers me and Jackie don't do that
many couple challenges and we always get
requests from you guys saying do more
couple things more couple challenges so
please let me know if you guys enjoyed
this video let me know if you guys want
it baby you're such a mother yeah come
look look just like
so let us help you if you enjoyed this
video and if you want to see more couple
challenges guys thank you so much for
watching this video I love you guys all
until next time Brandon I'm out bang
gang we love you all we love you
Paul let me alive there's mean I look a
little towards him yeah yeah
what why aren't I catch the stove
director there's in this one look Jackie
Jackie I like this are you okay
get Jackie like that Brandon Ren go do
it
okay now you put the checks will chest
like a closed room one of them nother
one hold it up kind of annoy me like
that yeah yeah yeah yeah okay see my
room
