what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus and today I bring you guys a
brand new basketball game video what it
felt like I was on Disney Channel you
know Tintin chicken look what is going
on guys Brandon here aka everyone that's
like my Disney Channel thing
what is the thing I've granted here aka
waters and today I'm bringing you guys a
brand new basketball video I should
start doing that for every basketball
video anyways if you're wondering why
I'm holding a basketball in my hand that
is because I was playing basketball
outside I was shooting around by myself
because I'm so excited for tonight's
game and I can't wait we have a really
really late game for whatever reason so
I just got bored and I started playing
basketball by myself anyway just a quick
little run up if you guys think any
chance to catch last week's basketball
video that was our first game of the
season and we want I was extremely proud
of my teammates so we are now 1 and oh
that is one win and zero losses great
way to start the new season and we
wanted that lame for those of they know
last season we missed the playoffs not
you didn't even make the playoffs so we
were disappointed we were upset and we
were hungry to get that first win so the
fact that we actually got it I'm really
really excited but it doesn't stop there
we don't want to only have one way we
want to get a win tonight and the team
that we're playing actually won last
week also so my team's want to know and
this team's want to know and so this
game should be a tough game as well
I talked to one of my boys because they
played the team were playing they played
them last week and he actually told me
that they have a player who plays
college basketball and I'm just like yo
so one of these teams played college
basketball and he's playing in the same
league as a I don't know I'm sure he's
out playing d1 or d2 but either way
you're playing college ball and you must
be doing something right it doesn't
matter how high of a calls you plan out
or how low it doesn't matter if you're
playing college ball then you you are
good at basketball there's no way around
it this team that we're playing tonight
is really tough just like us they want
to know one way min0 lawsuit so tonight
somebody's going to get their first loss
City they're going to be us or it's
going to be the other team Anna don't
tell anybody but now I'm just joking
guys but you know me I love playing
against tough competition I love like
when I heard that the other team has a
college player on their team a lot of
people would have been like Oh shoo I'm
so scared to play you know what the heck
why is it playing I don't want to play
against it but me I'm different when I
hear that they had
around other teams of again let's get it
and I think it makes the game more fun
more intense more physical and I feel
like I play better when I'm more
motivated so now it makes you want to
win more I'd rather be someone who
played college ball than be just you
know some random people I don't know
that's just me maybe I just I just like
competition so I'm ready for tonight I
know it's not going to be easy I hope my
teammates already I want to go talk with
Brian downstairs because I'm at home you
know we can't mess around this game so
we're going to need to step up I'm going
to call my teammates and get them ready
because I'm gonna try my best to win
this game I want to start the season two
and okay I want to finish the season ten
denote ten wins and 0 losses and we
already got game number one but now it's
game number two I want to win this game
but we'll see what happens anyway I got
enjoy the rest of this video and I'm
going to be heading out to the game
pretty soon Dennis doesn't believe me
that I play basketball when I have a
game later on in the night ten it's time
to go play basketball yeah I was playing
outside for a little bit now waiting on
you were sleeping wait oh you were
sleeping with Brian there's another
blanket all y'all and then in and in and
hey got the good thing about Jackie
going to all these NBA games with me is
that when we're sitting before the game
stars and all the NBA trainers are out
Jackie literally watches and studies and
analyzes what the trainers do to the
players and she goes okay hmm so I got
to do this to stretch you before your
games he literally watches what the
professional trainers do and she takes
notes in her head so now she stretches
me before my games with what she learned
from sitting courtside at NBA games
shoutout to Jackie okay babe I'm gonna
need you we are playing a tough tough
team they can't be scared that's not the
mindset but good I like more physical
games because your physical eyes hell
yeah but I like that makes it even
funnier anyways guys what do you think
is gonna happen I want a score
prediction I want honesty I don't want
something that's going to make me feel
good I want honesty
for sure twenty four point twenty four
and I had 22 last game and a win by how
much how much are we gonna win by ID
please
okay guys the W baby we're winning team
you remember twenty four points that's a
baby babe okay okay okay
they don't break the leg before the game
they just shot that you know sentence I
had 22 last game wait I want to ask
Brian what his predictions are
thanks for the stretch but it fades real
time what's going on guys face out here
and today I'm a got a brand new video
rug see you guys I don't only calm rug
in my titles to get more views I calm
rug and person to rug well you guys are
playing 2k what a way to get ready for
the game anyways vine what's your
prediction for today okay I say we're
going to take the win for sure and for
you point 20 as I win and 2022 yeah I
had 22 ok ok have fun with you a 2k yeah
mom yeah of course where are you 18 okay
mom look you guys are going in order of
multiples by 2 Jackie said 24 dennis
said 22 Brian said 20 you said 18 but
you guys all predicted ways and that's
the most important part now we have head
coach except for when the games are this
late the head coach gets tired so he
won't show up but we still get
prediction from coach Popovich Brian are
you really not coming
ok dad what's your prediction for the
game
the game from here on the south ok 30
for 30 points
oh my goodness okay with a W oh I don't
know if I've ever scored 30 in a game
and okay my dad wants 30 points babe
Brian just told me he's not playing I'm
about to leave to the game I need to
find a replacement with like super fast
so you guys heard all the predictions
for how many points people think on that
score but to me you could take all those
and fill them in the trash you could
throw them out the window as long as we
get the W that's the most important part
I always tell my teammates I always tell
them don't worry about how many points
we score don't worry about how many
points I score or you scored let's just
get the W in the most important part all
my family predicted WS for today so
we're ready okay so the notice was
really really late from my brothers so I
can't find anybody to play in today's
game and it sucks because like I was
mentioning earlier this intro today
playing a team that is really good so we
could have used Brian's we could have
used the shooting but he told me he was
going to take a rest day okay I got tone
so tonight Brian is not playing and so
today he told me really really late I
wouldn't mind if you told me early in
the morning and he told me really late
so I couldn't get a replacement so I
said but it motivates me to play better
and I want to get this win even more so
we're ready for this game we're all the
way right now guys I want to give a huge
shout out San Juan and George and they
stopped me to take pictures so you know
I went over and took pictures they told
me they came all the way from San
Francisco how long was the drug really
interesting some so they drove over six
hours just for the game and then they're
going back tonight after the game that's
dedication loyalty support I need the
dedication from my girlfriend both
that's crazy well and now we really need
to get a win for them okay guys so all
my boys are playing right now I'm going
to ask Kenny big dude number 22 if he
could run with us after this game cuz I
feel like it would be perfect for our
team to play but I don't know Kenny
could play back-to-back games it's
extremely tiring and I would be asking
him to play in our game which literally
starts right after this one so he
wouldn't even get a break he would have
to play literally one minute after this
game ends playing a whole another game
so we'll see I'll ask and we'll see what
he says okay guys so we have a problem
my games about to start
and this same isn't finished but I want
to ask Kenny I don't know what to do I'm
on the way a little bit and then run
over to start our game okay guys it's
time Oh Kenny injured and my Nana right
here
how long have a rest you should have
some Diagnostics have you got done
another Gamble's an F why I'm so French
and we played earlier in the morning at
the game don't forget that if you happen
to know about the Devin Booker
this right now we need you to get a
little pan ha you guys can see her right
now but he's actually dancing like
the hotline bling' dance you know that
Drako that's what the sentence is doing
right now
stop it
let's have it but you like shaky can I
give you guys a headache and obviously I
don't want to do that
okay so six to thirteen seven minutes
Oh
a wife
hey you guys 14 to 24
hey that was looking let's go baby
Wow I mean I don't sound that annoying I
would tell
baby looking like a snack
great always looks that actually
you
I was slit
Wow
Oh
what
hey he's heating up the word
I asked him for 24 points so see me so
try to impress me
I swear I thought it was a joke I
thought it was a joke as did everybody
else everyone else on the court thought
it was thought it was a joke even his
own teammates when I went up to them
they're like I don't know what happened
his own teammate yeah because Ronson was
laughing when look even when the guy was
like he's fucking bitch Ronson was still
happy he's like oh maybe he's joking
like extremely yeah then the guy started
gaining space with the singer and then
Ronson was like whoa chill out but then
I even went up to the other guy's
teammates and I was like yo what was
that all about and they're like I really
don't know so trust me I'm always there
for my family but every I thought it was
a joke and everyone else thought it was
a joke wrap it up and wrap it up
carefully whatever
that was great
so they call the game off because
obviously the whole jokes that happen
but I don't understand what happened I
was right there the ball went out and
down and so the rest it was horrible but
listen the guys the other guys fun words
here go so we go all wrong since it was
I didn't see you in the regatta with the
book line like go volume yes and like
and then of course
Alvin issues out of nowhere but loyalty
is no but I don't know what like all
rocks is dead was I didn't see it and
then the guy gone right I even I wanted
to member kaos on y'all are you good
like what happened he didn't give me as
ago just like tell your boy to calm down
but I think it's just that they were
losing and they're usually adjusting so
like
of course the game about falling off why
when I hit two straight threes I wanted
to give my dad 30 my dad told me to give
him 30 I had 21 so I just needed three
more three and dad sorry dad maybe it's
the game thing I called off I don't know
but at least we won we won the game so
explain what we were up I'll explain
okay guys so really quick to wrap up
this video because remember always have
to have dinner only to wrap up this
video I just want to say I'm really
really proud of my team we got the W and
we won by like 1860 it was a it was a
good win I had 21 points I wanted to get
30 for my dad but the game dot cut short
so I'm not saying I would about 30
that's a lot but I would have tried so
at the end of the day we won that's the
most important part and then about that
whole stuff but let me just say from my
point of view we kind of went over
earlier but I just want to say so what
happened the ball went out of bounds and
so it was really close like they both
touch the ball so the rest didn't know
what happened so the rest went like this
you know who touched it and then my guy
was like I don't know I didn't see it
and then the other guy just he went
crazy when went wrong soon my teammate
was like I don't know I didn't see it
the guy got in his face he's like you
fucking big you liar you're going to lie
to you the truth and he started putting
singer sakes and at first I thought it
was a joke because you know the game is
pretty much over it's a 20-point game
with two minutes left and the guy was
kind of laughing I'm really a hundred
percent thought it was a joke because
you guys know me like I'm not trying to
act hard I'm not trying to brag or
anything but that's my family so if
someone's gonna get in their face in a
serious way I'm going to step in the
middle I thought it was a joke I turned
around on my god ha I turned back and
the rest are in the middle like going
like this and I'm like wait what the
hell happened hope I was right next to
romped in all he said was oh I don't
know I didn't see and the guy exploded I
even went up to him after the game I
went up calmly I'm like yo man you good
what happened heating in the answer he
was just like tell your boy to calm down
and I'm just like my boy did whatever I
just I just left him alone cuz he was
super mad so I guess now I'll ask you
know all my basketball titles are almost
gone to fight I guess this one was
almost this was realized to where I
didn't got serious yeah I got it got so
serious to the point where they have to
cut the game but I don't know at least
we dropped the win but um where to I
thought it was a joke yeah as I was
joking
the whole game ever yeah everybody was
cool the whole game you know one time I
have excelled there boy helped me up you
know we were every time they scored I
was like bitch we were talking we don't
have we didn't have any problems we
don't have any problems with that team
it was pure respectable game and then
like the thing is if Ronson was like oh
that was out on you not me I understand
but Ronson was literally like I don't
know I didn't see it and then the guy
just got super angry so uh most
important thing is we want Kenny shot to
Kenny he played pro Kenny hi Kenny bro
you don't need all that muscles hit me
some give me some muscle but I hope you
guys really did enjoy this video most
important thing of the night we got the
win so we're - I know right now we have
two wins and 0 losses so that's perfect
just the way we want to start the season
I told them this year I want to go 10
and OH 10 and oh that's what I want to
do but I believe if you're shooting like
you're shooting today I believe who I
wanted to keep playing also sells like
right why'd you cut the Gator but I
understood that anything your ass thrown
was going yeah I don't know how I was
making some crazy shots I don't usually
make I think it was the extra motivation
that we were playing against the college
dude and that my dad wanted 30 but
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this video drop a like for the
w ee Devin Booker starting the season -
and oh please subscribe if you are new
other than that I am out I love you guys
all and I'll see that small for a new
video peace
another Brian peace who yo guys one last
time before closing this video I just
want to say despite that whole scuffle
and the fight that happened it's still
nothing but respect to this team I
really want to say that because I played
basketball a lot and I know a lot of
players who are just they're just dicks
and this was not the case this team you
guys called this off throughout the
video it was a clean game and you know
we were all getting along we were all
talking so I think that just kind of
came out of nowhere but I don't hate
this team we don't hate that person and
if you ask okay then why does that whole
scuffle start you know why did you put
him that's just because it's family if
you get in another family members face
like this and obviously something is
bound to happen because just like me
just like you guys if something happened
to your family member I'm sure you guys
would step in it's just the instinct
family is number one and I think that
dude was just frustrated with how the
game was going and I don't think he
meant to start off by it I think he just
left frustration get to him and it's no
hard feelings
