coming in hot and heavy we're done
coming in top
more Brandon I'm out oh and if you want
to wear Marquesas oh my video 5 you'll
see you'll see where you are our keys my
keys we love you okay you're maybe too
much in time instead it with we bug
control no keys no don't leave us bro
you he's going on his first flying right
away no he went back though
Keith's gone the front I'll make it
awkward bro I'd keep said that he thinks
the girls really cute hmm she said she
was cute so for those I don't know
what's going on keys it's flying back to
Phoenix and he is going on his first
ever flight we're gonna miss you Keith
hey you think he was nervous
yeah no not gonna fly to go in the cold
the grill he said she looked like a
snack we're going to miss you but
hopefully we see you soon you wanna say
what up to the vlog beau you're on
you're on the vlog right now guys Kees
missed his flight but it's not his fault
the uber driver went the wrong way and
by the time she recovered and went to
the right place he had already missed
his flight so Keis I think you made her
nervous because you were flirting vote
for now he's coming all the way back to
my house so on the bright side more time
with kids now but really guys I feel
really bad I feel like it's my fault
somehow but I'm telling Marquis beau
his phone is low on charge and he needs
it to come back here so I'm telling you
both tell all your girls not to eat you
up for a little bit put them on hold and
then talk to them after you get back
here
no later bro okay guys go to the next
day right now
Keith his flight was at 6 a.m. it's 4
p.m. so Keith we're going to miss you
you know what's really fun having you
over and I can't wait to wait why not
come here I'll welcome you
- God the one who what the hell you
still doing there this man bishops life
again but it wasn't his fault though the
uber what it needs
now our development in like a secluded
area like up in the hills whatever it's
in it there's no service so when the
uber was coming get lost
service and so we would check the uber
map and there was no I don't know what
happened it just it is like cuddle and
cut off and over turned back we saw the
stalks from background gold so keys
missus flat again so he had to book
another flight which leaves at 7:30 p.m.
and this man is so paranoid booth
outside I'm a little group so I'm
already here it's only like 4 p.m. his
flight is until another like three and a
half hours but we gotta be extra I know
he's traumatized from missing flights so
uber started here he's going to the
airport over three hours early by keys
we love you bro give me a hug and have
your passport everything case we love
you both I'll see you soon one day soon
over you stay tuned you're gonna see the
blooper token you guys will see the flip
it up oh so blue bird are probably more
funny than actual escape so all of our
friends oh yeah actually King but he
thinks you're really cute and you really
nervous
Brandi okay now all I'm gonna peek my
head
climb to bring Brandi is I broke can you
Brandon I already know the way do you
guys love I'm gonna tape your mouth just
ridin all loose manner we're good we're
good
won't know Brandi what are you doing
anything hit it without any MP now turns
at having a baby
ah
in my place as I said that you're weird
are you okay yeah yeah I gotta go
I'm so sorry being ridden is he gonna
come out okay I got it
I'm Brandon oh yeah you almost getting
so cluttered computer like something to
talk to me in you today um do you have
like uh something to talk like paint
your computer you get it wrong you maybe
even button your that all right well I'm
done no not funny much huh yeah I asked
Brian where's my brother Dennis role ah
I gotta go wait wait please
oh my I mean I think I did good and she
left Brian or Nomad oh look at you do
like you know I'm not anything like
websites what we watch in the bathroom
yes
what do you mean watch on the internet
yeah you record his names are we good
okay guys Dennis just have to leave the
room switch camera man now Jackie the
camera woman to do my in a video can
really squeeze in they did you don't act
like that
why don't they can I help you what am i
working on our here you think of some
stupid thing you don't need your eyes
are beautiful no like okay
blooper to either beautiful I don't even
know what you need DG really great but
okay yeah you look
you don't need my friend you're not my
girlfriend anymore
sorry okay guys I hope you enjoyed the
blueprints to that video
and my opinion bloopers are always
funnier than the actual video even
though I think the video was really
really funny so funny it was literally
like an episode riding on something how
long did it take because of your laptop
I don't want to know for you to have yet
honestly three and a half hours because
we just kept laughing it was so funny
nothing was really scripted we were just
going on the spot so it made it even
funnier but my skin wasn't the only
video we filmed yesterday we also filmed
a skit for Bryan's channel and that
video was extremely funny so if you get
a chance to check that video out I'm
gonna leave the link to his video with
these people want hey guys man how do we
record this video have a good walk
alright bye I'm gonna run what I've done
talking I got people straight for a
couple feet make a right and you'll be
asking your destination anyways please
don't take my brother's video after the
one just as funny as mine if not funnier
actually wasn't funny yeah no yours was
funny but yeah please go check out my
brother's video and for now enjoy the
rest of this vlog peace guys who do you
think is having the most fun yeah dad
wait where the hell dad my dad is doing
is they Anthony not going to save him
anyways guys we're having a family party
what were you staring at wait when I was
just dangling this yeah yeah I got to go
hold hey bud Lee get some energy jail
because you're gonna need it
where's you know I feel bad oh she's
right there I think she's done swimming
- I feel bad let's explain the master
plan okay God first of all a lot of
people say me and Jess look alike do we
I'm Brandon with long hair it's either
I'm Jessica with short hair Ellen
DeGeneres or Jessica is a guy with long
hair okay guys so right now what
happened like a family party family
barbecue everyone's here swimming
obviously I do guys know I'm a
no influence on I'm coming with them but
me and Jessica when we were younger we
used to always do just everyone do me
and Jessica like we were crazy we would
only do stupid crazy things so today
we're bringing that back for this vlog
who is your victim Chanel Chanel only
because success you sent for me she's
ready to try evil picking Chanel to push
it to the full
only because she does older I'm done
swimming so well okay well we have to
hurry before she actually comes in time
so she know you probably don't swimming
no no but we need to find a way to get
her clothes control okay this is what I
could say I can ask her to bring me the
inflatables I can do like a trick like
run and jump
I want to weaning in I'm not gonna lie I
would say I'd nothing to do this but you
know I'm the one who told Jessica let's
do something again for free I admitted
it I admit God came upon I know I could
found only four is it camera yeah I tell
her you're getting the inflatable so
that you do the trick for the camo mom
remember the good old days when me and
Jessica used to be the worst kids out of
the family yeah I'm into too that's why
we're bringing this back most trouble
the duo out of any any cousins in our
family literally like five years old say
what up to the vlog okay or not
Dennis Claudia close anthony jabiru
brian oh ah jeez Chanel Jeffy paparazi
IDs I think my dad's having the most fun
out of everybody we already had our fun
is everyone done in there one time I go
in the hot tub how deep is it like three
and a half feet I can manage to survive
this just please do a trick for us this
vlog is boring way just what are you
gonna do I'm gonna run from here I'm
going to jump on this thing and slide
okay wait I first sure I need a snack to
see this hold on she just goes about to
do the impossible so I need a snack wait
for me just don't do the trick
what yes right don't do your trick yet
where she can act
so what just good doesn't know is that
after she pushes should wait
after just the position out of the pool
I'm going to run up and push just into
the book but let me go to send oh my god
a double play gets lit hello my mother
it's a snack
and that's specific okay guys so Jessica
is about to do the impossible
she's going to die or she's going to try
to glide across the inflatable all the
way across today I think she's going to
glide all the way till annamund trip
over flip into a gun make a hole in one
with her body like this which chanel can
you bring the thing yeah you know bring
your right here bring in Ryan's crime
and flip it this way so do you guys like
flipping along with and I talked into
you
we were detecting until up till about
five seconds ago I feel as you're not
thought you were done swimming beeps
l'Ã©ducation come on I think any clouds
for the prank Ryan I think I'm far from
park no because I know they're coming
after me now
all right guys Chanel do you love me
that was Jessica's idea this is one of
the cousins turned their back it was
Jessica's idea okay just - honestly I
wasn't planning on putting you on ty
wait now I'm talking here come look let
me no no no yeah you're funny Jessica no
obviously the whole intro we did I was
only saying to push you know but then
when I came in to get a snack I was like
okay let me just suggest can do two and
then Justin you look at the camera like
sneaky but look a little more sneaky
Chinook oh my gosh you know they're so
funny for the some milk
you're like a statue they go like you're
about to fall nice work
ladies holy Sh inhale lilius yak ejecta
it looked like you were just doing
push-ups on Ally yes you know you go
like that three two
Chanel you look back to make a scared
face aah scream aah you know there you
got to look back at the camera does it
go okay five five okay guys my dad is
the master of sunburn he gets somber
every single time he goes swimming and
he doesn't wear sunscreen why dad
because I'm not sold so you get
somewhere every time with him I don't
know why and one day later dad did you
put sunscreen nope I'm going in the Sun
okay dad
and now they're watching the sunset
together you know is anyone trying to
like bring me an inflatable close to
here so I could glide across the thing
who's next
a pod Li you want to bring me the
inflatable so you know I could glide
across the pool I come here no one
pushed me into the pool the shirt is new
so just I've never wore the shirt no
really I can't get pushed in the pool
it's a new shirt and no one's ever seen
me wear this Dennis is this a good
outfit for Outback Steakhouse
do you just evening am I dressed too
fancy oh well I guess they got to handle
me fancy tonight cuz we're about to go
eat at a steak house in this home
dressed - now I'll girl with weight how
do you say shorts and Chaldean again
short and blues anyway guys I hope you
enjoyed today's video
why am I so okay there we go I hope you
enjoyed today's video I feel like it was
really really funny from the bloopers to
Keese missing his flight I don't think
that part was funny but maybe in a few
years we could look back at it as being
funny but it definitely wasn't funny
today and obviously Chanel getting
pushed into the pool Jessica getting
pushed into the pool but now it is time
to close out today's video one last time
if you didn't get a chance to check out
yesterday's skate I'm getting some
really really good feedback from you
guys I feel bad for Jessica and shanell
so I'm going to take them out to the
steak house and we're gonna go have some
dinner me Jackie
Jessica Chanel and Dennis and I invited
Brian but Brian just ate so he didn't
want to come I told him just to come
hang out with us but I think he has
stuff to do is going to start working on
his video so sadly Brian won't be
joining us
Jacky's watching me do the outro can I
help you ma'am you're making me nervous
okay wait
was she not here oh I was like wait did
I not just see her anyway thank you so
much for watching this video
I hate Jackie I don't know where she is
but she's somewhere I hope you guys
enjoyed drop a like if you did subscribe
a few our new turn post notifications on
if you haven't already and I love you
guys all peace out guys you guys thought
I was joking about winning this
challenge yeah right
is my outfit there's my fancy outfit is
ok guys anyway I was trying to record ok
he's useless that first of all let's
give a shout out these are two big fans
Mimi and Sean you guys want to say
what's up to the vlog but yet I don't
know if you guys can tell he looked
bigger person on camera but his head is
like you got now Jackie has a super big
round head
it's bigger than her head he's only he's
lessened two years old
oh that steak the steak is still
settling in his stomach but I didn't
finish my steak so we gave it to him he
ate it like it was one small ant he ate
the whole essence of steak okay thank
you John bye
so not only did Keith's miss to slice
already but he wasn't even supposed to
leave yesterday he was supposed to leave
the day before but what happened was him
and Dennis were staying in a hotel but
during the night there a chief stopped
working so they called the hotel girl I
do RA she isn't working and the hotel
pretty much told them we can't fix it
right now but we'll give you guys a free
night so Dennis coming in Keith he's
supposed to go home but then it's like
okay well we have a free night anyway so
we might as well just stay in a free
night so Keith was already supposed to
leave on Saturday but the hotel is would
be nice so Keith ended up staying
already extra day and that was before he
missed apply for the uber to the Marine
Corp and then you miss the flight in the
morning on the Hoover got cut off so
this this trip party so just felt like
unexpected Colette you had to sit
actually just sitting in your free room
you couldn't have said all you know what
was it we love to say except me oh yeah
it's almost be buddy actually still have
to pay for it really but yeah I got he's
gone now and we're gonna miss to top all
of this off he wasn't even supposed to
come to take it God just know that this
trip was so unexpected for Keith Keith
his mom when you watched it
follow my know wasn't my fault anyways
kids you know you you're a good person
you're good god we're going to miss you
in Philly
Oh about the skit yesterday guys it was
25 minutes long and it took us so long
to film because we just kept laughing
and laughing laughing because it was so
funny there were so many cuts in the
video but I got a lot of comments from
saying that they don't usually watch a
full 25-minute video but for that skit
they said that they watched all of it
and that they loved it so hey
