myself please come come to my
organisation monkeys answerable okay
whatever
hey are you trying to go to the mall I
was about to leave but I'm not trying to
go by myself
oh you're going to the mall with your
girl
oh alright well I man hopefully then is
introduced I like Dennis wanted Keith
England misty yo get it ball not try to
see that what are you doing
but what do you decided to cooking boat
okay Dennis okay I guess I'll just open
up on myself
I always say that's all by myself I'm
trying to play with some of my friends I
don't want to call my friends I'm not
hot that's Dennis Dennis Evans I'll hit
up Keith
please answer Dennis old connecting yo
what up Dennis look basketball oh yeah
bro me you all of our friends we all
used to play I was going to ask you I'm
playing by myself fine down I don't know
I'm getting bored key sweater vote
hey I'll text you're going to ask I was
going to call both you guys I didn't
even know you guys work together if you
want to come over and play basketball
that you cut the corner doll in the air
girls got here
oh you're going on a double date to who
your girlfriend not no it's okay I'll do
gonna ask you you guys want to play
basketball but if you're going on a
double date then it's all good to go
right now eat you up another date all
right all right bro no it's all good
no more round to look I die or now
searching destroy I can't play for the
next round third time's the charm best
home get your new girlfriend's name
you're Dennis I'm playing some Call of
Duty I don't know but you're so like
with your girlfriend or whatever but I
was wondering if you wanted to come play
wait what
she just got back and come you're gonna
come through you're not wait what you're
not with your girlfriend Keith isn't
Woody's girlfriend either
No oh my god both both both you guys
yeah both you guys come through we could
chill oh my gosh I'm surprised you guys
been bitch-made recently all right I'll
see you guys soon
I must be dreaming right now
oh my god I'm not dreaming my friend
guys to coming over this one's for Keith
draw I died later
Hey Baby how you doing
no girl you got to bring the drill not
yet they finally bro like the old days
you got a trap make me duck on the
trailer from the boy go through all the
time
God take a moment here to play some game
controller who's up first key Jokers
okay yeah I really don't worry I don't
even know if he's still on to play video
games I'm done to him in a long time
when you say relationship I hate your
behavior but what let me get away from
rustling oh my god this oh god I don't
know didn't want it okay what do you
want to destroy domination and control
without you K you know what's it then it
broke me off your phone you're trying to
play it all play play Danny Danny
go let's play I thought we're going to
hang on why on your phone I might be in
it all right fine I'm sorry my guru
office keys what are you doing both so
you keep this video she says okay so how
about Dan Todd you go first all these
decks go mine I keep sexy later go I
can't believe many people alright so
here I'll just play games computer
person and game to the on of time they
keep secret it
oh yeah do they say my yesterday what I
want to check not letting our girls over
here I'll just you for that doesn't
Robbie with you
well whatever on to all the group chat
member we have three types of group chat
always talking this one off
oh really hold it back down here alright
okay I keep losing the computer to just
play all for you look over talking
though I know your son David not as I
forget to eat it alone remember when we
put it in and buy yourself a girly
playing video game we're seven times
so find myself a good act like on 30 I'm
only 22 I got a manatee at Burleson
you're playing video games
it's about Seneca then what about the
games rated M for Mature the local other
people like me you need a gorilla well
nobody needs to go if you guys have
girlfriends that good for you but just
to know how long it doesn't mean you
guys got to come no but you're studying
out we're here
well that's not gonna be easy if you go
in a girl we can go on dates together
well it's hard for me to get a girl my
handsome like you guys look at you go
try to get a girl I can't believe me
that's all in a group chat together I
want to be me I can do the hotel house
girls Academy both you guys no more
going out of your bones are throwing all
again - not everyone has a body like a
few days you can't all just go get the
hottest girls we got working great bro
okay so what do you got sundar said also
unless I have good news and no need you
on your phone will means check on you
girl that goes over here another one a
mug in the girl but no though no one
needs a girl you have a go that phonic
not know right you trying to say both
you good you know you know you got to
get help
that's annoying both put it up our group
go ahead you thing out there girls but
at the end of the day so you can have
friends and girlfriends you don't want
to go over here whatever you be plenty
of you now you guys cook well you guys
are you a girl no bro I don't need to go
out front with your girlfriend all right
and tell them I said what's up I might
be hanging out with them later where
what do you see didn't want our girls
later
that's pretty I need a wine Oh crying
row oh shit look I love oh sorry bro
what's up with your brother
what about it so you need to find him a
girl yeah you think all is ingrown well
at least everything the hell walking
some non girls I mean I can see what I
could do I don't we were talking right I
personally never got you later but I
thought you guys we're going going on
you know what happens when these two be
so wait ready
career so Brian any what the hell I just
want the past hour I came around anyone
anymore
hello I'm trying to have fun well
um your friend a stinky team of 12 and
don't even start with them they change
they put want me to help you get a girl
I know I know I'm not you prize you're
talking about look I'm I'm definitely
some are you a building boom I
understand that they change they put
girls over Bros all the time now you
know I mean if you need all that thing
buzz over fee yeah but you need help
just let me know all right I don't need
help I'm you just there's that fine
thanks line thank you so much I'll let
you know if I need help
all right come gasping loudly how's it
going
no need girls love me too meaning you
just hang out we had fun and we can just
chill ugly yeah I know I start dance and
Keith I think was coming off for a to
girl that my brother being annoying he
like on their side ugly okay are you
trying to go to the mall none of us are
no small horns oh nothing doing what I
hang out my all about how people just
everything I do is so weird what he does
in the buzzword I'm asking you want to
go to wall
I mean logically just talking about oh
you need to go you can go slouchy was a
mole Keith and Danny
I mean I'm trying to out over ski like
this will you go to mommy yeah let's go
wrong it'd be fun once you pick yourself
girl because I want you so badly maybe
try to go first a good cheeseburger well
this is little Walker I found about
compatible shooting at the same time we
have a mrs. Montpelier so long I'm
excited presence all my friends did
great out at the mall my brother bro
let's go
I know you said
I try to get to a girl or anything but I
know you say you don't want to do that I
know I know you literally told me if we
came on Ellen would it try to force him
to get girl but perfect helps me decide
ourselves
Nicole is like trying to try that she is
super cute thank you I don't know how to
talk to girls though
turning it started I know my uncle okay
I mean she's hot too broad you know I
won't let you
I don't know me I'm robot Europe when
I'm slavery don't please roll all the
way doing donuts baseball uh gimme
hi I'm Diane Ron is my Chitti I know
this is like really real end up my
brother Freddie
what sorry what oh I don't know whatever
doing but he thinks you're really cute
and he's really nervous brand name no
where's your brother
no Brandon Brandon come here she's right
here she wants to meet you yeah I want
to meet you okay okay
I'm sorry my brother's being really
weird right now but he told me to tell
you that you're really cute well can I
like these phases
yeah pictures all right are you guys
finished on the money she's cool would
you tell her don't tell her
Brandon come on come here so turning out
Connor okay
Raina here come come here and come
closer I'm sorry about that
Braden come here I know I don't know how
to go closer I'm here here let's do it
you're introduced or something I mean
come on Jonny career-high you know what
I mean
oh I'll working out ready sure what oh
man okay you're really really tight and
phrases like this is my brother Brian
yeah we know please I'm gonna go check
out my club bag but where you going
I have to go check out my club just keep
talking okay boys
yeah then my brother I don't know like
you're very close right now okay do you
want me to sit right here yeah well I
was just wondering like um do you have
like something we could talk like pager
or computer something just so we could
talk to you are you very close yeah um I
do have a like a phone like phone
numbers yeah but I actually don't give
it out oh yeah no phone no written now
what I just don't hear any very cool oh
my god oh my god working at you're like
please keep this in um yeah yeah crying
where's my brother
um I don't know did you meet my brother
yet yeah and then you let you stop I
gotta go wait Ryan Ryan come back then
what the hell she was yelling and crying
what you do not I wish you I don't know
I didn't like what Jenny's and keys do
with their girls it looks said I didn't
do anything okay what do you do like you
no longer anything like websites what we
watch I don't know what we see like in
the bad movies on the phone when we
watch in the bathroom that's what I I
know what did you tell her about that
you don't bring that up a goddamn ago I
realized to do it Randy what the hell is
wrong with you you don't do that and
that one guy guys look that's what Keith
and n is doing that you said no you
don't do that when you first meet about
Brendan you have a lot to learn ideas
come on what do you mean have our
lighting in the hall
now I want to I don't have to drop you
come on but oh my gosh the letter is not
on to talk to her she miscarries is a
hell away from all that scared they
don't you're talking what bring it on
real Jo got scared my videos why are you
in here we're on here in just like a
classroom really I'm making you tips on
how to get girls because no I don't need
to I could good she was just weird
really need my eyes off those first 30
seconds so that I didn't into the end
I'll either cross you as a doesn't work
from who her title from you you need
some lesson well I got you
you know how to believe yeah she was
young we go out your belly rise
everywhere definitely was it good nice
lately living here okay it's big number
one well you told me how you brought up
like do Chinese do something not it's my
life it's my don't you go ahead I want
to create a bar chart remember Superboy
somebody tried cutting your head into
cheese no you don't do that okay why do
not do that to any girl you meet you
never go there and say hi like what is a
video game body that's different
well she didn't want to care for my
heart did and I try to go I know II
don't see I tried to get it every time
keys and if you see they're drilled a
hole that's their girls they probably
tired rewarded and we're talking for a
month you attend a Catholic girl just
like each event it's their girl that was
my girl anymore you don't even know the
girl okay listen so you got guys don't
ever eat another girl you need to learn
how long I'm gonna tip number two you
just change the way you dress no no I'm
not - no you have I don't know what you
saw is going to mean it went good why
say we didn't go good it didn't go good
okay I'm gonna add some clothes to
dressing and then you can pick up a girl
with them you're gonna try to grope yet
don't act like that
meet tip number three don't act like
that alright take this I'm gonna grab
the clothes go over what I thought no go
over what I thought you practice I don't
teach you my lip go pick an object use
which you try to come can't dump a girl
skinny
okay pull it don't tell her like that
sit in the tubes like that yes
all right I think I picked out a great
outfit for you
try this all on and we have a look and
keeping the lights on
maybe the girls go there we might want
to call Brooks why don't him she wants
to watch me change you will see who you
would trick about your skills greatly
she wasn't it stops okay I'm ready ready
put these clothes on how old then bitch
a nice shirt okay okay okay we gonna
want to know how to check yourself and
now you're going to watch on them I cut
if you want if you're not are welcome on
our team on that one walk those hearing
you okay
so you're going to watch it I don't need
to watch your changes there you run off
look good actually is way better than
tonight you might have lost or already I
can never ever find the right word and
there's no way this is real side
nope done any other right girl so I can
only say that it feels right
no put the look no no no that one put
them back on now alright there we go
that's within see me rollin they hatin
there's God is none of them back on
don't take them down take them off all
right now no no do the walking around I
pop you no no no no no longer back back
no no no no don't do this matter date
you know walk like that
no don't then like that raining like a
casual like that there we go alright
it's alright now loosen up a little more
one eternity later no no no dinner no no
no just move all right
none of them just talk like hey yeah
none of the classes stay there I picture
honey no wait a minute that's it you're
good you're okay no thanks icon that's
it you're a big logo how you doin I'm
doing them and that there we go that's a
hard day right talk to her like that
right don't do that but what is that we
read not remain you folks are the
official no I'm doing good let's go
don't really know
while in confidence I can never ever
find the right words there's no way this
is real life there's no telling your the
right girl talking on stage that is
right are you ready my breath ready I'm
ready 24 hours straight of note please
defeating you husband of girls are you
ready I'm ready
so keep these comrades all right let's
go let's go man ball baby I did I do it
I'm confident I got options but so what
do you want to see if you want
oh my groom no sister no no you're gonna
go try again really you know hit the
hell out of her last night
now he's fucking that you don't
understand I got this I got I'm good
are you sure I'm good bye I mean I mean
it's way from a fine man represent all
color detail
I feel good
oh hey
really nice to meet you don't you
remember me from last time but oh my god
no no no no no I just want to give me
one more chance
that's it one more chance if you don't
like it you can leave but you think you
want watching why would I give you
listen first of all you need help from
you already shit what about this okay Oh
obviously you look beautiful it's all of
your asses right here but I think this
right here I took everything me I swear
don't you write reminders and notes
whatever community this is between now I
just want to apologize last I'm all
being super weird and I know that is all
to approach it I want to pause it I'm
sorry for coming off that works
you're just super beautiful I want to
tell you things and you're either
beautiful on even know what you really
don't need any some web Wow oh why
should I give you a second chance they
listen to give you a second chance I
promise you'll regret it
okay I have an idea would you go on a
date I'm not trying destined to their
girls if we knew one date you can go
it's a triple date all of us watching
you're going to have to know me by
myself just all give us and I like this
on and on tell me if this was good cause
you know ologist with somebody we're
going to get them
yeah it looks good close your eyes what
I hate about this block you know my
friend also told me how to do this
welcome oh my god oh not to do that
welcome
okay well Brian was right about
something oh and how about this if you
didn't like it but I love it hey I look
good come on come on the day well I
don't want to do okay so you know I said
this will going to be a triple date yeah
are you there they're acting really
weird every time I bring up their grills
they're acting super weird about is so
they just I don't know they're being
either so if you don't mind this could
be a signal big I don't know this is
modest type of girls if I may how much I
get one more kid are you gonna watch me
change yeah yeah I'm moving quick
does it sound sit with nice vegetable I
told Brian that I hmm
I hate by yo Danny sort of you're trying
to hang out I don't know that's weird
when was the last time you hit me up to
hang out
I'm just asking that's kind of weird
nowadays all you and keys are together
playing video games give me a second
I'll see you hold on my blood just asked
me to hang out I don't know it was weird
you're talking Ellie
okay let's go you like the color yeah
BMW I see hey fellow I'm coming daddy
I'm coming Keith you're going to be
proud of me yeah commit hey honey can I
go where you guys doing both and then
this is Jack and I'm not so Kay okay
I don't want you with your grill a
little again only one really low so
that's the first to know is why we're
kind of some peace assembly when you're
charging supreme self oh man I'm trying
to break that group chat delightful when
we always with each other late where you
play what you want me to play with you
guys
yeah go on up anything better than
soulless with us all right Mike you all
know about to go but you could keep
playing a huge long finger over your
growth by God but that is going to
conclude today skate I really do hope
you guys enjoy I really think it cannot
super funny Malaysia and this recording
is both dance you gotta go see the loop
it up folks
so blueprint or helping more funny than
the actual skate so but please drop a
like if you want to see more sketch
because we don't do this often but every
time we do a skin we get really really
good feedback I think they don't like my
second or third skate so please drop a
like if you enjoy if this is your first
time coming across this channel please
subscribe
turn pulse fortifications off anyway I
hope you enjoyed the ski and I hope you
enjoy the bloopers even more branding on
now if you want to wear more pieces
oh my video file you'll see you'll see
UART question we love you I guess you
