what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka boo audience and today I'm here with
Bayes rugs brother Brian
so bottom actually knows we haven't made
a video like just us two together in
such a long time right you've been in my
vlogs I've been in your blog's you
fucking praises the snake but we haven't
just like made a video like this in a
while so I'm glad to have I'm back to my
videos I'm sure you guys are glad to see
him and before we throw this video which
right just eating you already stole
candy so violated way but one thing I
have to say for the snake things did I
make up for it like with the remind oh
my god penis on everything but it was my
idea did I make up for it time I would
have never been able to step foot in
that room with the snake prank lasted
any longer because oh my god so yeah
thank you for the room but it almost was
never before seen with D time so guys
before we start this video which I'm
sure you could tell by the title is
going to be a crazy crazy video I just
want to say congratulations to my
brother for hitting 2 million followers
on Instagram thank you you're welcome
I'm not done and also congratulations to
my brother who's almost at 6 million
subscribers on YouTube I could
congratulate to a bunch of things but
pretty much just know my brother is
doing super super big things things and
they might just be numbers 2 million 6
million but another it's actually a sign
of accomplishment and well my brother's
doing really really good so unexpected
what the hell do I need more footage for
the video to be sure anyways guys for
today we're going to anything about Miko
I was a gradually grated for 2 million
subscriber lives like 2.0 2.1 and here
is 2.1 Ryan I'm almost at 2.2 no oh my
god Congrats on that Congrats on you
know doing big things and you go to like
the summer league and like meeting all
these people at like you're doing a lot
of big things really right there man
like from when you started YouTube and
shit like I think you take it this far
but yeah you put your mind to it
you put some hard work in and this is
what it leads to like pulling Mayweather
about this - this story is going to be
one that occurred right when we moved
into this house so that's actually not
too long ago usually when we do story
time videos it's from years and years
ago when we were kids but today the
story that we're telling is it just
happened like less than two months ago
so as you guys know we used to live in
our old house down the
about 20 minutes away and we lived there
for 17 18 years we lived there for so
damn long and so we finally moved into
Barry Levinson right I told you what's
grocery still 80 I thought what my cell
is it all of what I told you I said
water is going to squirt out I don't
know if you guys have tried it they're
called dots and Oh what I like them it's
like a good an Arab like weird water
sour that comes out well go though okay
okay so we're finally moving through
this out beautiful beautiful house right
but as everybody who has moved before no
matter what kind of house we move into
or you know if it's an upgrade or
whatever you still need to get some time
to get useful you still need some time
to get accustom so we moved here and I
say first couple days I moved in my
friend it wasn't the first day that the
first a second tweet yet no it was the
first week for sure it was definitely
within the first of days I would move to
so it's late at night and you know I'm
still getting interested but my mattress
wasn't even here you my mattress as you
guys know I stayed in the old house
longer than everybody else so it took me
longer to bring all myself here Brian
already had his stuff upstairs well he
was Oh stress chilling on his bed I
don't know I thought weird like mine
this is the weirdest thing ever I don't
know you're saying is the weirdest thing
you didn't have to experience it you
experienced the end of a spectrum the
whole thing so I'm down - yes I'm shown
on the couch for those who don't know
here in let's tell them really quick
Brian so fine are you okay I told you
not to take the candy broke okay so for
those who don't know this couch
subdennis this couch was not over there
when we first moved in this was before
we got our furniture oh my gosh I go
down the stairs so fast you yeah just
stay up there Brian you don't have the
energy to go yeah okay so these couches
were not here because we just ordered
these a couple weeks ago it was back
house I was over there was over here so
we had one couch hey brother I was going
okay so there was that couch over there
and I was on back out so picture that
there's a couch here and then okay hold
on keep that in mind
back upstairs I go
that imagines office of course okay so
now that you guys see by how I can type
that fast and I play basketball every
single day okay so now let's grab the
visual representation so there are the
couch down here and this is late at
night I'd say around 11:00 or midnight
one service mmm there's a chocolate
water I hate I hate them into one that's
the quittance myself okay so I was
downstairs laying on that couch because
I don't how about any of my stuff
upstairs you know just watching TV
whatever was super late Brian's upstairs
my mom and dad are sleep but my mom and
dad were downstairs they sleep
downstairs so case in point is I'm
downstairs and it's late and I'm already
scared I'm Marty paranoid like no my
first couple days of this house I don't
know what the hell anything is about
around and I hear a really really really
loud I didn't even know what happen I
heard a really loud noise I'd say it was
kind of like like a boom like just
something just I heard a really really
loud noise coming from like around the
corner and I didn't you yes I saw that
guy in a huge shit finding anything so
Brides up here and I'm downstairs so I
hear the shit I guess here I'm out of
life our first couple nights in the
house and I hear really loud noise and
it's coming from like there's so many
fucking entrances to the childhoods
coming from like one of the entrances to
the house and I get a holy shit on my
boat to help so I kinda I was laying
down so I kind of like sit a little like
not stand up but I sit a little and I
put the bond to a TV a little Owen I was
scared I was super scared and then a
couple seconds later I hear a thing like
a like a glass I don't laugh it's not
funny I think about it I hear thick
glass break by glass so in my head
someone motherfucking just broke into
the fucking house and I'm downstairs and
the fence and it came from right around
the corner right there's a door that
people let me show you which tour okay
sitting in the minute - doing the bed
okay so that door right where Dennis is
cornered over right there there's a door
and I was sleeping
so there's the door and I was laying
down right here so the doors that way
and so I so obviously in my head I'm
thinking holy shit
someone just broke into our house okay
hold on back there sorry why did I run
now I'm sweating okay so this is a
regroup really quick I'm sitting laying
down watching TV I first got here a
little loud noise and I'm like oh what
the heck did I get a black right
so I fucking like get up I start
freaking out it might have someone
fuckin broken a hundred pretend right
now still today here yes someone like
someone slam the fucking door and broke
it and so I saw screaming Brian Brian
now there's where the circuits funny
bring me the gun bring me the fucking
gun iron I'm going to shoot listen
they'll own a damn gun I don't have a
gun try to own a gun I know I love God
in the house not yet okay I obviously
heard that getting screaming and he's
like get the fucking gun I'm trying to a
car like get the fucking gun Brian
someone's you give me a poke down the
shoot and in my head I said my room I'm
like scared I'm like wait what do you
talk about like rated what god what it
is because what gun how good price stuff
like get a fucking gun how am I supposed
to know that Lee Howard oh you're being
serious I'm like Brandon what gun you're
like catch the bug down breeze I come
right now and I'm like in my head I'm
shitting myself I'm like shaking up my
idiot object so in my head there's a
Robert in the house I just broke Dave in
my head I'm like what is this any sane
no but and in my head the robber is 10
feet away so I'm fucking standing up I'm
ready you know what I do I'm moving to
my sleeve I'm fucking right behind the
cops and I'm ready and I should be
surprised from the shoot
bring me the fucking up drop it down
from the wall set and all your here's
this idiot we're in it was gone
what's up and I'm going to so bad my
user practice for these scenarios or
these situations because how the hell am
I supposed to know what's going on down
there I don't know I mean drinking Josh
would have no they believed in something
outlets but so in my head I'm shitting
my pants a hundred and ten percent I'm
hoping my mom and dad don't wake up
because their room was like if they had
woke up the robber that I thought was in
the house was going to be really close
and sauce praying and hoping that my mom
and dad didn't wake up Brian
well that's wrong but I didn't want my
mom and dad so so I'm trying to screen
to Brian no Bridget remember they might
have the chiller getting close to the
Robert getting closer and Brian is just
like well done well done so then
eventually I hear Brian sometimes here
I'm like yeah we need to display my head
on my wave I'm gonna get killed
so I bright cheerful because the only
way what cuz I'm really scared I don't
know what step to take I don't know
where I'm going cuz like remember
there's a new house feel like I'm like
wait what was your saw what was in your
head when you were here and I'll try
Kyle be careful cuz what he started
coming down I knew their eyes Devi's
soon like someone was in the house or
like you were like running from
something or like you needed my help but
like wait what is going on like there's
no way someone can bring to our husband
a gated community but I fucking just
walk down and like I just like to start
walking towards your voice yeah so Brian
starts coming toward me and I keep on
come toward me and I'm not careful
careful because I thought it was gonna
fuckin kill Brian Oh what is he saying
so I'm still like talking on my front
toss me the fucking gun touching the
ground we'll shoot I'm gonna shoot I can
see I'm gonna shoot just to scare the
guy obviously but then in my head I
started thinking wait if I say I'm gonna
shoes and the guy had it see he's going
to fucking shoot me right so then I stop
saying I'm gonna shoot but I start
thinking you to fucking jump on I'm
ready to give me the gun and so Brian
come's SAS is like what is going on what
is going on and I told the branch so
just come you and I'd rather I'm fucking
ready my mom and dad come out I tried to
tell them we see them to the to the
couch
I was sure got a bomb my heart yeah so
just imagine the couch I'm like behind
it but you could see the hallway in my
mom and my mom comes out first you're
moving your hair she comes out piece in
the hallway and the door that the person
broke him from his right like by the
hallway so I'm trying to felt like I
don't want same thing because like
whatever she comes out she starts
walking towards us as she's walking
towards us she bends down and picks up
like us
right here there was a picture right
here she bends down and picks up like
god yeah broken piece of glass from the
floor and then with her other hand picks
up like a frame okay pretty sure so
don't for this if you don't remember
earlier in the video when I went down to
show you where I was sleeping on the
couch and then right next to I told you
guys we had a picture hung up there
the picture fell off the wall while I
was laying down so here's what happened
I was laying down the picture first fell
off the wall that's what that's when I
heard the boom and then right after it
fell a strike a second the glass broke a
shadow so that's when I heard the glass
so that in my head was first the boom
was like the burglar trying to open Yale
and then the glass shattering was like
him fucking go to the back when in
reality it was a damn picture the size
of smaller than it has been how did that
like make me think that it was an actual
door because if those the door would
have been ten times louder I understand
but it's a new house it was our first
cochlea I wasn't thinking it was later I
was about to fall asleep
I wasn't thinking that and I was so damn
scared and I'm like what's the helping
run so my mom calm showing what is going
on who did that she thought like me and
Brian broke the picture something I'm
that's why we were screaming and I'm
just like mom hold on cuz I still yeah
the picture of rope but in my head on my
wait what if you know the robber made it
fall or what if it fell myself after the
robber broke the glass I still didn't
tell myself it was just a picture
because you know I was paranoid I was
not thinking that I was so confused
Brendan I'm sure Brian I was like honey
I was scared like we we we like you're
like backing up like I like what it what
is going on right yet so my mom's trying
to stand there like wait what happened
and I'm telling my mom mom hold on come
here come here don't go over there but
then I started trying to find myself
like wait I didn't want to say in front
of my family but and my best stupid like
no but Brian you would think I too like
yeah the first thing you would think
wasn't something fell if we lived in a
house of there were a bunch of
interested in the doors of glass and you
would think that somebody ok now this
makes you think of setting up how the
hell is the picture all of the waffle ok
this idiot blast em you take all day
with the bomb away and this house does a
bunch of speakers that was around the
house I'm just joking were probably just
probably hungry wrong because it was
right when we moved in so we just I
don't know what point in case the
picture fell onto the poor I thought it
was a whatever my dad came out like two
minutes later you know I told my mom
when I thought so Brian what I thought
okay but I told my dad the man of the
house and he just looked at me like
you're in disappoint like you're so dumb
and I'm like dad so he didn't really
care that I followed the robber he
looked at me like I was done because I
sold my home I cried give me the gun
give me the gun so I
what my mom and dad working if they
heard us I'm sure they heard me and like
with God so I think no on cigar come to
think about it like that that moment was
so scared for me audio I can't imagine
alright okay so right now I'm lying like
I'm lying that's one thing I don't have
a damn gun - when the guy hears me say
I'm gonna shoot he's not fucking coming
to shoot me right because I'm crazy
these things through really yeah I need
to think these things - when I saw there
was water coming into the house but but
no I was ready I saw I wasn't Kevin
Durant shake from the free-throw I'll be
coming I started out bitch come I swear
but uh yeah I just feel like I honestly
don't want to tell you guys this story
because yeah I was like why are you
waiting til not to tell the story this
happened so long ago I know but like but
you've always heard from when we were
damn babies cuz we do have YouTube
channels are where they told the next
okay you know we were daily youtubers
they're like I've imagined how many
stories we'd have every day or the story
vlogs would be so sick what were those
lovely you shitting yourself in because
I said you putting me in the dryer and
pushing me off the apartment window
anyways guys that wasn't story I want to
tell you guys honestly you could say
Brandon what the heck you're so dumb how
would you think that it was just a
picture but in the heat of the moment
when you just move into a house that you
don't know anything about and I'm
downstairs pretty much by myself - my
mom and dad were asleep all the way
across the hall I did think that I'm not
a why I thought that's what happened and
how do you regret it if that happened
again I would still think that somebody
broke in but now we have something else
over there which is not glass so I'll
shout out to me for I guess teaching a
lesson to myself I don't know but oh and
shout out to Brian for almost ruining my
life what gun granted what with me now I
know now I know if anything else happens
like no now I know I'm not going to say
bring you the gunner off the person's
gonna shoot me first anyway guys thank
you so much for watching today's video I
really do hope you guys enjoyed kind of
a side announcement for this video yet I
will be going to sneaker calm Los
Angeles or Anaheim wherever one of those
two places it's in Anaheim but they cost
me for con la either way I will be there
it's a hoops classic so I'll be playing
on the basketball game to run I'll be
rooting for you I know but did someone
teach you manners like when someone
talks
you don't talk sorry okay as I'm asking
you but so on but so so if what are you
trying to confirm so if you are going to
be asked a lot okay I'll go here so if
you are going to be a speaker Khan I
can't wait so if you are going to get
speaking on I can't wait to see you guys
excited shut up right shop shop shop
just goes off you have fingers on I like
for everyone else we need it I can't
wait to see all you guys did you guys
remember my blogs by remember you like
my boy the sneaker called blunder lid
yeah I'm gonna be with all those boys
again and I'm gonna get you guys some
lip gloss once again as my channel is
dying shut up cuz I had one bad video
yes now that's always like for you to
relate they have like one two like three
bad videos in a row oh my god my
channels like including myself so like I
don't blame you I have one bad video
yesterday which in case you guys in
check I will leave the link in the
description down below it was actually
such a funny video at one but it did
like really bad as use with whatever
that happens from time time and I went
to Brian I like Brian my channel did
like it's time I'm not a youtuber
anymore so uh yeah guys all they bring
you guys new combo anyway thank you guys
so much for watching this video please
drop a like if you did enjoy Brian
Congrats on everything I told you in the
daily video and subscribe to three new
guys and you might well be my outro now
alright hold on do you think I was
popping in Portland I was in the same X
I never ever ever say this but I love my
arm
yeah I'll buzzer I put my arm on brine
chiller so rubbed off on me turn post
notifications on fine I never said that
any video so there's the first time you
write here so they're gonna be the first
talk you guys do do it please your
presentations on that's the bell like
next to subscribe like Drake Bell the
things yeah and not really guys thank
you so much to watch this video and we
are out peace please
