yo guys so there's actually really
really weird right now but Danny's sent
me a text like I don't know if I should
even say this on camera but it's 8 p.m.
right now
and Dennis usually by this time at 8
p.m. we've done so much together
throughout the day whether that's go
play basketball II you know watch
basketball like today he told me he
didn't want to play basketball he didn't
feel like coming out of his room and
right now it's 8 p.m. he's still in his
room and so he sent me a text he said yo
bro can you face Sammy and record the
FaceTime and so instead of facing him I
just went to his apartment and I rang
the doorbell because I wanted to see
what was up I don't know this isn't
really normal this isn't like Dennis
let's onset of facetiming him I said
hold on let me just go to his door and I
knocked I rang the doorbell he didn't
answer
so I guess I'm gonna FaceTime him now
and he said he wants me to record the
face sign because he wants you guys to
see the face I'm also you know this is
just weird it's not like Dennis to act
like this when he didn't want to come
play basketball or earlier in the
morning I thought it was just because he
was tired but now it's 8:00 at night and
he hasn't left his room was just weird
yo bro Dennis how have you know how have
I not seen you at this time I was trying
to knock on your door ring your doorbell
you weren't answering I didn't know if
you were sleeping or well here's the
camera you told me to be recording so if
you want to tell us some where you're at
then feel free cuz I'm bored out of my
mind I've been alone for hours I just
finished watching the son's games Devin
Booker has 39 points that's what I'm
saying ah both usually by 8:00 p.m.
we've already gone to the gym we've
already played basketball we'd eight
we've watched the son's game like I
don't know do you want me to be
recording I told I don't know if I
should put this on camera but if you
want me to be recording you want me to
record
you want to tell me in the vlog at the
same time well where are you at where
you at Dennis no what do you mean
Chicago I know you did not Dennis you're
not Chicago right now I swear to God
save Ashley whoa
yeah wait when did you leave wait wait
when was the fly you were like homesick
so you went to Chicago yeah like you you
took us you took a vacation there don't
don't worry about the don't worry about
the apartment right now are you be well
first of all I'm sure you want me to
record this Dennis are you joking okay
show me your freaking suitcase show me
your family there's no way you're in
Chicago right now what
wait dennings hold on hold on hold on
why did you leave without telling me bro
ya know how I understand it like so
right now your apartment is empty if I
go looking you know then it's quick
question like I understand if you're
homesick and if your mom wanted you to
move back that's fine I respect that but
why wouldn't you tell me I saw at least
I could say bye or we could at least
like like why would you just leave
without saying no though I understand it
was like it would be more sad than at
the same time we're adults or Brolin if
what you're saying you just like it just
hit you last night you thought about
this last night I'm not inside your body
and we each have different brains but
what if it was just like something like
what if it was just like it was
something just hit you for a little bit
and you change your mind rolling that
this isn't something small like you
should at least took like a day to think
about it
so tennis there's no way you're being
serious right now it's not about the fun
I get if you leave but we're adults we
can say bye and like you know everything
you've done for me
thank you like I want to say that
everyone everyone still thinks you I
didn't even know wait Dennis you bro you
would like my brother like you know me
every single one of my friends that I
have I've known them for years and years
since elementary school I don't make
anybody my
and especially like a best friend unless
like I trust you like you know you were
like my brother is like it doesn't
matter how long I've known you bow I
trust you like like you were literally
like my brother like who I consider my
brother there's Brian and there's you
role like we were what do you want what
so should I like what should I do about
the apartment should I leave it empty
like you think you're gonna come back
well your brother's gonna come over here
today wait why'd you fly what he's
driving your car back to Chicago wait
what Jenny's are you mean wait why
didn't you talk to me about how long
have you been feeling like this why
don't you talk to me I don't understand
you are you sure you want to put this on
youtube like I don't I don't know what's
going on you sound serious like here you
just say Thank You buh-bye
I just don't know like you should have
talked to me about I know I'm just
confused because I bow like obviously
when you moved here you would always
tell me how I your life over there was
like boring and you didn't have that
much to do and then ever since you moved
here bro we would like every single day
we would go play basketball we would
hang out like my friends became your
friends my family became your family we
all became so close I just don't know
what like what what did you feel I'm
just curious
I don't know why you wouldn't talk to me
about it roll you're like my brother you
should have just told me what's up and
like if you ended up wanting to
we do know how to support you I woulda
helped you move in everything yep oh I
understand like I don't know this is
weird Dennis I never expected like you
know when people say like how when you
talk to someone and you're really close
to someone they could be dealing with
something that you never really know oh
I thought you literally love San Diego I
thought you loved like everything about
I thought you loved yeah no that's good
you're with your family now it's just
confusing how it all happened bro I was
literally just knocking on your door I
was ringing your doorbell for like a
minute straight before the FaceTime I
didn't even want to say something I
wanted to see you in person
like to talk to you because I knew
something was wrong I knew it but I
didn't like you move I knew something
was wrong
ever since the morning when you said you
didn't want to play basketball I thought
you were just tired but then as the day
went on and you were just like oh like I
want to be alone I want to be alone I
knew something was wrong but I didn't
know you're in a different like you move
Dennis what is your brother gonna come
yo what is like your mom thing and your
dad thing there are they have like
they're happy right to have you move
there now that makes sense if your
family wants if your family wants it
that's that's true Bo that makes sense
bo that's crazy I'm literally like I'm
not gonna see like I'm not gonna see you
like what the hell bro then it's why bro
there's no way you're being serious
right now I'm sorry bro there's no leg
yeah I'm waiting for you to come out of
your apartment now call my daughter it's
exactly what I'm waiting for
ya know Bo you know me like I under I
always understand like other situations
and what other people think it's just
weird because I had no idea like just
yesterday like I had no idea you were
feeling this I think you need to get a
tallboy you should have talked to me you
should have told me my that's what I'm
saying why should I just tell my family
I'm like all of our friends bro before
you move to your dentist
we were fab 6 it was me I'll leave
Jordan Justin Romel Kamal we were fat 6
you move here what did we change our
name to fat 7 because we all freaking
loved you we all freakin like we made
you a part of the crew we made you a
part of our best friend Dennis you know
me you know me all of my best friends
I've known them since I was freaking in
elementary school middle school since I
was a little boy I never accepted
anybody doing to the group and you bro
we freakin like we freakin love you
Dennis
what do you mean Dennis Dennis Dennis
hold on hold on hold on really quick
before you go on what do you mean shit
being talked about
you mean shit like from my friends are
talking shit about you you get you know
that doesn't happen who do you guys do
you think I talking you think I talk
shit about you behind your back Dennis
it does not matter that's not the point
if you really think
and compromisers Denny's hold on what
Dennis there's like what have like what
has happened for you to think that me or
any of my friends talk shit behind your
back beau we're literally all together
but why would you feel that way if
there's no signs of anything or if we're
not Shady
Dennis that's you putting stuff in your
head wait one
dendi's every time we hang out it's
always like hey yo Brandon and Dennis
you guys want to come through or a
Dennis you want to come through with
Brandon
it's not Dennis my friends me and my
friends don't force anything we're all
were mature if we wanna hang out
somebody we hang out with them so every
time we hung out with you is because we
wanted to
we're not fake we're not shady so if we
didn't want to hang out with you we
would have never made you our friend the
fact that you're a friend the fact that
you're with us all the time the fact
that we wrote Dennis your bogus why
would you why are you even bringing this
up that makes no sense I would
understand if like my friends have a
history of being fake or a father
history of being fake and you assumed
this but the fact that you're assuming
it out of nowhere and you're admitting
that like you just feel that way in your
head with no reason no Danny no then
it's like you know me I'm real and I'm
always real with you if you are I know
okay let me just say one thing and then
you could talk whatever you want if you
move back because you were homesick
that's fine if you move back because
your parents want you to move back
that's fine
but if you move back because you think
that my friends are my family talk shit
about you behind your back okay now my
family my friends I consider my friends
my family that's bogus Dennis I'm
telling you straight up right now and if
we were face to face maybe you'd believe
it more but I'm telling you over
FaceTime I don't talk shit about you
none of my friends structured about you
whatever we have to say about each other
we say to each others face bro we're not
little kids we're not in middle school
we're an old
oh that's no Dennis you're talking crazy
right now Dennis okay Lord
we could talk about this off-camera but
whatever I'm telling you on camera it's
the same exact thing I'm gonna say
Dennis I'm telling you straight up and I
don't even feel like I should explain
myself
we don't talk both then is that no whoa
Wow that's bogus that's one thing I've
always told you about me and my friends
we don't hang out we don't waste our
time we don't hang out with people that
we don't trust we don't hang out with
people we don't like that's just a waste
of time we're too old we don't have time
to waste
Dennis no Dennis I literally bought you
an apartment if I didn't like you why
would I buy you a home so the last thing
I'm gonna say just straight up if me and
my friends if we don't like somebody
we're not gonna hang out them if we
wanna hang out somebody's because we
like them and we hang out with them like
that's why you're a part of our crew not
only do we hang out with you both you
literally are a part of everything we do
okay whatever we'll stop talking about
it but please just right now answer my
question please don't tell me that's the
reason you moved back to Chicago no
because I feel you on the family part
Dennis meet I live alone too we both
moved out at the same time and I miss my
family all the time and like at least me
I have the luxury to go drive over there
and see them every day you don't so I
understand if you're homesick and you
miss your family I respect that I just
don't want to hear anymore of all and I
feel like you know you guys are fake and
you talk about not talk about me behind
my back
okay that's fine I respect that
do you think maybe you should have like
took a vacation there first and see if
it was the right thing or you just were
a hundred percent sure your home time Bo
I really like in my opinion I don't
think this should have been on camera
but if you want me to record it that's
fine but if you here if you want to say
anything cuz I'm gonna close this video
I want to talk to you like like friggin
just regular but if you want to say any
like anything to the broad squaw then
okay I'm gonna cut the camera yo guys so
I just finished the FaceTime with Dennis
which literally lasted over an hour like
no arguing no fighting no nothing I'm
just in shock I just don't understand
like really quick I kept telling Dennis
throughout the course of the face online
yo if you're in your room just come like
come on it's like whatever and he really
he showed me his family he showed me his
suitcase I talked to his mom and I'm
just like yo when people say you could
be face to face with someone every
single day and they could be battling
something that you don't even know and
you won't ever find out that's true I
kid you not
I'm with Dennis every single day I
bought him an apartment literally ten
feet away from me we we practically
lived with each other we're roommates
pretty much we play basketball every day
we do like he helps me with so many
things he was thanking me for the
apartment and thanking me for you know
getting him like closer with all my
friends and my family and all that I'm
like yo Dennis forget that like thank
you because guess it helped me
so many things like videos and whenever
I had a problem I'll talk to Dennis and
it's just weird guys like yo this is my
best friend there's my brother and now
he moved to Chicago like it's not even
close to me I'm all the way in San Diego
like I don't know I just wish like I
told Dennis over the FaceTime I told him
a million times like yo Dennis if you
I've had it felt some type of way or if
you liked didn't like feel comfortable
you should have talked to me first
instead of just getting on a plane but
it's no hard feelings I still loved in
its and that's still my best friend I
don't care that he doesn't live here I
don't care that there's an empty
apartment right there that is still my
best friend and I'm just gonna let him
be I guess there's nothing I could do
you know at least the good thing is he's
with his family trust me I know how it
feels to miss my family and I see them a
lot so I can only imagine how it feels
for Dennis I'm happy for him I just wish
you would have told me before he left so
I could have you know thanked him and
say goodbye in person I also wish he
never had that thought that me and my
friends talk about him I don't know
where that came from I swear even he
said himself like there's nothing that
we did or no reason why he thinks that
way he just feels that way so I'm just
like honestly guys you're probably hate
me for saying this but I don't even
think this should be on YouTube I feel
like Dennis is dealing with something
and I want to know what it is you know
I'm his best friend I should be there
for him so I'm gonna try my best but he
told me he wanted you guys to see this
he told me to film this and trust me
when Dennis says you guys made a
difference for him he's not joking he
would always talk about like you know
whether it's fanpages or just the
comments on the video and especially
what girls would call cute he got a look
this girl called me cute the girl called
me cute so not thank you guys it's just
so weird for me that's my best friend so
I'm gonna get off the camera right now
and just take some time to I don't know
Dennis said he's gonna sleep I'm about
to FaceTime him again I'm just trying to
talk to him and just see what's up but I
think honestly might be better to just
let him like deal with everything
himself for tonight and talk to him
tomorrow I don't know you will see I
gotta tell my family before they see
this video I gotta tell my friend before
they see this video cuz that's bogus for
them to find out from here
it's just crazy guys Dennis made so many
friends here in San Diego and everybody
that I was close with became close with
Dennis
everybody in my family that are
literally my
started seeing Dennis as their family
and I don't know like I said I mean I
need to like think about this or like
talk about this with my mom or like
somebody I don't know thank you so much
for watching this video guys once again
what's bothering me the most and it's
things we talked about him which is not
true and that's just like bogeys cuz I
never want somebody to leave on a bad
note if Dennis was leaving for any other
reason I'd be like you know okay
whatever but the fact that he's leaving
with like bad thoughts I don't like that
I don't like that he doesn't deserve
that and like my friends don't deserve
that I don't know guys I mean I hope you
enjoyed this video I don't see how you
could enjoy because you guys love Dennis
and he was like I would say he was a
huge part of my channel but it's not
even only that he was a huge part of my
life it's like my brother moving away
without saying anything I don't know but
guys I guess I'll keep you updated
I try to talk to him some more and just
if anything new pops up or if anything
more serious happiness if anything you
know comes up then we didn't already
know obviously see if it's okay to put
on camera and I'll have it in a video
for you guys go for now it is what it is
I guess I'm a I'm gonna do my own thing
right now try to talk to him or maybe
just leave him alone
okay and I'm probably end up going to
sleep soon so guys the wat squad I love
you guys all once again thank you so
much for what you did for Dennis because
he's my best friend so for you guys to
make him happy it makes me happy so yeah
other than that guys I'm out and I'll
see you guys in the next video
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
