what's going on guys been here a day bro
today I'm bringing guys a brand new
prank video it's payback time
I should be getting him - oh hey I am in
a great job this is a prank wars let me
get your phone I do not trust you at all
I have a couple ideas trying to get
payback
and looking at me picking up anything
oh-ho-ho you got to come and baby boy
there's no Brandon so you can keep an
apartment
hey what's up baby how you guys doing
we're thinking about putting some nasty
things in a slushy that we can get ready
cut Street I don't know if I should
trust him I got his phone so he can't do
anything right it's recipe with this
prank
these guys the guys working on Kevin
Durant clipping to Laurie's I don't want
to fork if we have it here before using
things with the printer but if I if I
just act like I want to push change go
cut stream get it oh yeah and you
organize your phone no truck all right
now what are you waiting on him Randy I
love you bro is what he's gonna drag
watch wasn't my idea notice you say it
was I know so I guess we're still
waiting he's dragging or no
Marky's why is Brandon taking so long
you and your fizzy spinner alright so we
just gonna just find out we got a couple
problems first one it's been over an
hour baby's still out here
typical Brandon don't work of editing a
video Rezac working hard as usual for
you guys he just texted me actually five
minutes away
alright second of all warming up at the
camera how do you know where you're
gonna drink it exactly we said it here
we don't looking good nah can't hold a
my phone on up more teeth alright so
we're gonna find out I guess we have
five minutes for you gonna be here
inside someone go play his drink there
from my mind and Brandon's here and then
see what happens
you ready hopefully yeah yeah maybe
gonna flip another team KD looking in
credit a pool of bacon what's up that
parking day guys Jackie's evil Dennis
went to go get slushies for all of us
and she said guys we should scare him
when he comes back and pop out of
nowhere so we can make him drop the
slushies he's walking I don't know where
he is just so people don't say I'm
messed up I offered to go then did I not
I said Dennis I'll come with you I'll
help you with the slushy he said no bro
I'm gonna go by myself
there was one crumb that really come
with me yeah he said he needs a long
time I said Dennis how is that hell are
you gonna carry for slushies Dennis got
a blade look at it
snapchat subdennis squad they hike to
snapchat willing to know he's fucking
things
let's not baby how you doing you say
what's up to the vlog send me a snapshot
of the flavors when you go cuz I don't
know what they have are you sure you
don't want me to come with you I'm doing
sometimes for sure BIOS we still Susu
actually worried that this show
someone's going to catch up like in the
world they do not have any freaking
cupholders are hella cute all four games
back ok guys so I asked Dennis to snap
Johnny well-flavored they had but of
course he's extra so he's face times me
Dennis show your face Oh cherry red blue
in a carbon whoo it's a lot Oh lil ok
not banana please answer so I can
already catch something wait you already
made me my slushy yes you got no choice
now sorry Danny
then why would you good face ok please
don't tell me you got banana okay
whatever I'm thankful enough that you
went walking in this heat by yourself
and all and out of everything they got
no cup holders I told you let me come
with you I told you I told you Dennis
you Marc
I'm all coach what do you all go see how
you're going to get to get back to the
hotel when Dennis was leaving I was like
bro how are you gonna came back for
slushies let me come with you and I'll
help you bring them he's like no bro
they got cup holders
I got alcohol ha ha all right mom ok ok
I'll let you go thank you
I think what's your point you can move
people looking at me like I'm crazy
right now
by the way I'll give them my social
network value I wanted all the men all
shooting blocks on the camera
okay so keys things Dennis got kidnapped
because hey guys nice-looking disco
right there
hallmark is try to report some we've
seen hot sauce and ketchup
so whoever ones that you can come and
get it yeah we have no idea where
Dennis's it's been a long time
well my thinking always right there I
see your head I was about to say I feel
like all the slushie spilled on mo
though he's carrying them dance is such
a trooper Bo mm I thought all the slushy
spilled all over you and you had to
clean all them up that's why you took so
long
who is it oh sorry Dennis my engine
freezes you bro your other go Dennis I
told you let me help you no I need some
alone time
ready what about me where's my did it
I mean you drank out of here Bo oh no -
oh well I hate this hotel they don't
have the sons game on they don't have
the channel I'm gonna sue this hotel how
dare you not have the Sunbeam go ahead
ready wait the software they play again
late cool look
very angry when I got you look at look
at our buddy used to look would you
press me to drink later
why just change fit on my arm oh well
why do you think is going to see it oh
no my tongue okay guys so Dennis just
choked or are you good
Dennis just choked on his Slurpee and it
spilled on the floor and he dropped in
the sink and he spilled all over my arm
but I watched it he's broke that stop
laughing he got us all that smoothie why
are you crying
buck stop laughing oh no he didn't oh
did you drink the rum would well he just
got it for you what was your dream for
you what was it he was wasn't in your
smoothie he gave you the wrong like to
swim he cooked up a day with me for you
as a wait what Dennis tribute kappa wait
whoa daddy wait well within the other
one the only put awesome puzzle is for
you
I've been going on the right which was
way is that why you laugh when I took
the first day oh my
and he's drink it wrong let me just
throw it away
oh wait bro why you put so much hot
sauce are you trying to kill me
that's I'm gonna prank look at all that
babe Dennis full of hot sauce and
ketchup at way what else did he poke
shit or do you smell it you trying to
kill Dennis you Java I felt bad for
y'all's are you because I do my job the
facility spit out any jokes wrong okay
so hold on wait wait my smooth okay wait
so this was normally this is what Isaiah
yeah that was mine so based on what
Dennis is that why you were drinking
look every stupid lie to the ready
thought I did it was wait bro please
shit came to trying couple years Wow
well because when I take the first sip
look a great job
no that's not to catch up it's not like
hot sauce bro well yo when I take the
first bit I took it and then I started
watching TV and I heard Keys start dying
laughing and I'm like widely laughing
hydrated sunburn I drink the regular one
key stuff that I drank the hollow don't
step on her oh shit well Dennis why
would you do that to me i what you knew
about it you mother
no kidding you pussy yes I'm Tommy
getting rain okay Keith you helped me
prank Dennis only spill the water on it
and now you're helping get me back
Dennis we need to get you what did i do
you have to say wait so Dennis got
pranked what oh so this is a prank
backfire this is a prank backfire
grown-up lady just self level play
yourself well I was so confused when
Dennis was choking and Keith's was
laughing I was like Bo that's fucked up
I'm Alyssa
well you put so much then to why would
you do that I could so that is about
break twice in two days I played tennis
for the ice bucket prank and then he
tried to get me back and I guess if I
could spoke oh that's why I kept trying
to go through it
oh I mean by a long time I don't want
you to come with her you mother and
that's all you said so Walkman was
recording you on snap yet watch out Oh
show wasn't it was a respect out thank
you recording like that I think I'm
recording you're not Hawaii
oh you've logged when you went to the
gas station y10 is vlog it was also
suffering oh wait you guys made it like
a video oh you guys did like an intro
and everything I am ooh I love you guys
huge God I don't love you Dennis you
tried to prank me Keith I would love you
what no but you knew about it
you knew about it anything tell me so I
love her let's say I love Jackie nothing
changed but let me see your lips Dennis
then it's the go but why would you do
that to me know how I'm going to talk
about whatever the time look didn't know
I don't talk in the bathtub but oh
actually it has an ER on top so I'm done
listen when you when I did the prank on
you I said please get if you don't
forget me back well coming don't know
again is brought home where you don't
have Dennis you don't need to do that
girl I'm a good question well I said
please don't have me back what do you do
two days let me give you back I don't
know you try to get ahead oh you do to
make it obvious I have a video for
tomorrow
one two I didn't get pranked three it
backfired on Dennis everything is going
well today except for they don't have a
son very much off man
how do you feel right now both my mouth
is burning women wonder this is your
fault
before you freaking tell me to drink my
slushy why wouldn't you grab yours put
it next year okay I put yours like this
and you're saying here my over here so
you're telling me you only did I didn't
know I they both were and drink out of
Saul's like let me just grab one why
would you not go like this why wouldn't
you go okay this is a little hot sauce
Oh Mike that's the regular one why
wouldn't you go okay
let me take the waggle one hey Brandon
why don't you drink your slushy well
when you spit it out
first of all guard my arm but when you
spit it out I'll buy yo that doesn't
look like it's way too thick to be a
slushie it was like even on the
beginning like I didn't know in the
beginning I felt bad I was like Bo he
choked I thought you just drank it wrong
or something so he's assault
I just got wondering we're boring all
that recording recording oh ma I
appreciate you on top of not already
holding his in his hand holding the
regular one Dennis why wouldn't you make
the hot one red and then you get yours
blue or something so I don't get them
mixed up you got them the same exact
color Bo you need to get better at
pranking you think you can get me back
oh my god well I've seen a lot of
backfire pranks on YouTube
I've never uploaded a backfire prank so
I guess this is my first ever prank
backfiring irishman can be ketchup was
full coming out of the straw what'd you
put it like directly into the shot bro
you deserve this one Dennis I'm sorry
bro you were trying to kill me that time
in a prank you were trying to bring out
my death
okay guys so Keith and Dennis just
showed me everything they had recorded
oh wait by the time you guys see this
part in the video everything's already
going to be put into place before
whatever so when you guys saw everything
the beginning the intro me pulling up in
my car and all that I didn't know they
were recording I didn't know anything
was going on I thought I was coming here
so we could hang out and I don't know go
to the mall or go mini golf bowling I'm
not sure I just I was coming here but it
turns out that they were filming like a
whole video for me because I told them
earlier today cause I yell guys I'm
struggling for a video and it's their
last day here it's all like I want to
hang out with you guys but first things
first I need to make a video so I guess
they helped me out with an idea but I
didn't even have to get friends then is
thank you both keys thank you thank you
guys I appreciate that
oh my gosh
blow up either thought about we're going
to destroy that toilet I'm Oscar what is
Oh Connie Tania Danna he loves it
okay guys I think they need to be off
careful okay I would feel bad but L
supposed to be me right there that was
the plan was for me to be the one dying
right now only you only you it would get
backfired this bad and you took a huge
sip both and I was wearing a white
t-shirt what were you trying to do ruin
my whole t-shirt ball tennis ideal me to
take to the ER and keep something you
forced him to do it he didn't want to do
it Marquis who both then it's got like I
said I need to always watch backfire
pranks on YouTube and I'm always like
okay when is the breakin a backfire on
me I would always be scared
Flynn I would always be scared when I
prank right or prank my mom or prank
Jackie I'd be like it's just going to
backfire on me and it never happened so
the first backfire prank on my channel
turns out to be on Dennis Knight on me
so I'm still faced with that oh my I
shouldn't choose to build it so on to
the outro buddy I hope you guys go to
this video I'm super happy now I get to
hang out my boys on their last day so
that is trying to do me a favor by
pranking young edge and it turns out
your friend Gayle I'll get my keys away
why both I don't want seem like users
welcome
both sides armed and all good so we need
to Frankie always to this lot okay well
Frankie next year whenever you come back
Keith anyway thank you guys so much for
watching this video I'm happy I'm taking
with me my fucking head up straight I'm
gonna do it do what whoa don't blow me
no no no no no good see bro I'm gonna
catch on fire if you blow after all that
hot sauce god I hope you enjoyed the
first train back fire on my channel I
always thought it would happen to me but
they didn't thank you guys so much for
watching
drop a like if you enjoyed this video
Danny it's been ranting about it snow
like 30 fell asleep oh no I starting
very but what you want me to do you want
me to rub your belly I think Jackie
would get mad because she said I can't
rub other people's bellies well how
about I do to do this you're going oh my
attention from hospitals are amazing and
you took a huge suppose you thought it
was yours
was amazing because this was Dennis
while he was at the gas station thinking
I was gonna get praying making the drink
and then this is him five seconds later
after he drank it yo guys I know I keep
saying I'm trying to end the vlog but
Dennis Bo you're scaring me look if you
look closely he's sweating he has tears
coming down his eyes bro like can you
tell us I was mine so how big of a sip
did you take I just want to know give me
a slushy I'll show you drink I can't use
it I said give me you said give you my
slushy yeah my stomach
well I'm scared if you want me to take
to the ER Obama snitched you out say
guys doctor you know what he tried to do
to me and then the doctor gonna say you
deserve this vote focus you were crying
you were dead laughing as he did I do
Ellen asleep it is on the well that's
service
Dennis is mad at keys I don't know why
you drink the wrong vote again is I'm
sorry I don't mean to laugh but this
would only happen to Dennis both like
I'm just imagining how excited he was at
the gas station making the drink walking
back to the room always live all smiling
telling people about it magic is walking
back the roof all excited oh I'm the
prank branded up Kolkata and now look
how I ended up you want a fishy I think
yours melts and I'll go get you want to
know it I just hang on only you I swear
