but this is weird what is going on I got
stranded here aka river waters and today
I'm rich you got a gradually do so for
everybody wondering this is my first
intro ever in my new rule for those who
don't know Brian and my dad surprised me
with a fetus Sunstein group thank you so
much Brian in my dad I love you guys
thank you so this is my first intro in
this room and it's a little awkward
because there's a desk button follow me
so that's why I'm sitting so far like I
can't scoot up in a couple years we'll
all remember this vlog as the first time
I everything each other's room anyways
today's video is going to be a
basketball video and it's so weird
I was my second to play basketball game
today at all I have no idea but one of
my boys texted me like last day I saw
his pic and he told me that his team
tonight and these players and he was
actually trying to play on this team
full-time you guys know me I love
basketball so I was going to turn down
opportunity to play basketball so I told
him I'll be there just let me know all
the time and it turns out according to
me to leave my house I honestly have no
idea who their teammates are I'm
visiting my first time meeting everybody
I learned on one player that hasn't
called me his name is Ted he's really
really nice really cool the one thing he
did tell me though he told me that this
league is a little tougher than the one
me and my brother playing honestly I
like competition when I see genes that
are better than us I don't say all
scared to play no it makes you want to
play good motivation play harder Sonic's
excited to see this tougher competition
whether it's hard early I'll find out
anything soon like I said this was very
life it was a surprise and a London I
regret I didn't know that I was going to
have a game tonight like I said I found
out laughing so earlier today I went to
the gym and I got someone here to tell
you guys how much basketball we played
brothers because I don't know how to
game come on in babe
so be about boys daddy if he wants the
gym earlier today like I said I didn't
expect to have a job until I saw the
plague but how long can we play hockey
games what eight would say like eight
games it like how not I'm not feeling
right after you back to that non-stop
nope so then my legs were dead and then
I give that hope I see the tag now I've
got to be playing the game later tonight
and I tell Dennis on my bro
why did I say so much about Scott and
James but operating like I always say
there's no excuses that's what that's
all
wait let me get over the dead guys let
me show you what I mean by awkward for
me and I'm standing so far look there's
a desk right here so my interest is sent
all the way here
I know talk for me to make a prediction
because we don't know who the hell is on
my team
the dude actually told me that the
competition is kind of harder than the
one we play but I'm ready I never back
down from tougher competition I actually
like tougher competition Dennis so with
that being said what do you think what's
your prediction how many of you in a way
and I'm going to give you twenty to
twenty two point zero I just scored 20
to my last if you didn't go back to that
22 now you're on fire today I don't know
oh and for those wondering let me make
this clear so you guys are confused this
league is different than the one me and
Brian playing so the team out playing on
today is not in the same division so I'm
not helping like an opposing team
winning does that make sense me so today
I am playing for a new team and it's
time to go to the game hey my boy Tech
put a lot of pressure on me though when
you were talking to me on the phone he's
like alright bro I'm so excited that
you're playing I think you're a really
really good player and I think you're
going to be perfect for our team you
know I know you're a good passer you
just kept hyping the up and in my head
I'm like wait I'm not even good at
basketball so he's putting a lot of
pressure on me but I like playing under
pressure
I like having expectations and it just
makes the game more fun so we'll see
what happens I hope I can help them get
a W
god dennis is speeding his way over
there because like I told you guys I
didn't find out I was playing until like
very last seconds but I'm ready are we
going to pick up the W
easy money I'm a section 38 got it's
Christians birthday right now so first
off happy birthday looking fresh and
Phoenix Suns beard but he told me I want
a 30-piece tonight for my birthday I
said uh I liked it pass the ball but
I'll try my best
oh my god we're only down by three now
I'm in and a half wait oh yeah we're
down by three guys I know it's only
summer league but uh Suns fans were
dedicated so yes I know just summer
league I know it means absolutely
nothing but we're still trying to keep
up with the game right now the Suns are
down by 3 with a minute and a half and
they're so nerve-racking we're tracking
it on my phone oh my god we're down by
five they scored well could we get a
damn stop wait who scored then yeah yeah
Dennis exit' right here please bro he
scored worse he scored six straight
points damn it guys I don't know but
we're almost at the game I need to focus
on this game not the Suns game but it's
too tempting ok guys so we just got here
and Sons lost now my team has two away
it's not even my team but now my friends
seem that I'm filling in for needs to
win for sure
I'm angry that the Suns law so I need to
take it out on the court
dammit spin my boys wet right here and
here's the rest of the first time
meeting their fellow guy
I think like bigger people like tougher
competition on the on the trail and few
big but it doesn't matter because we're
cooking try to take the W from hey how
many players because it's out cards
today
okay so you gotta put it somewhere calm
company now let's go I'm ready and here
we have a to Lear the knees go big Hey
cheerleader tonight
I'm sorry the knees he doesn't think
there is a ha or else he would have made
it here we have five players so I was
going to play the whole game this is
just your dreams alright so if you have
to get out we're going to subdennis into
the game
I don't even have a red jersey I told
you everything last seconds already
thank you
ball
okay
so bad
Wow
but you guys okay so we're Census Bureau
hence the zero
get it
Hey
Wow 14 - Ciro
it allows a nice table
two two twenty two twelve minutes left
Brennan's clearly very excited then it
looks at brain and looks like if he has
an eight for four days and finally finds
the nearest McDonald
and what we have right here is Brandon
actually getting the calls by the red
spot work here a really rare occasion
six to twenty six of six minutes left
drove in
Wow
amazing some bears success he has too
many boyfriends so she can't
we made it a buzzer-beater
16 to 35 per cup I filled up on 99 hats
arm but I told them to play like it 0-0
cutting basketball you can lose the 19
point lead like this I want to get you
pause in fact like we already won the
game but that play like it slow
all momentum finer than ever a haircut
bring the tank top looking sexy cuz
liner
I don't share about cell you know my
man's looking five you guys can look
I'll let you look
Wow
see limping
Wow
go baby Deniz can't say it loud we can't
have her other boyfriend's fine
and 2754
over here I got kneed in the side and
that was the leg that was already hurt
but I was trying my best to hide it from
the rest because I think there's a rule
that if you get hurt than the rest tell
you to subbed out until you get better
and I didn't want to sit down I wanted
to keep playing so I was hiding my
injuries
I hope so
so I can tell you one thing come on
getting more
I don't think that's a cramp it when I
last saw home
hey guys 35 to 56
y'all bet
whoo stop it awesome job you guys
my Bible
one minutes left
oh okay marry such that
are you okay you're like are you okay I
get her every week ha ha go away Eddie
oh yeah hey let's hang it on camera but
it's all good I won't edit it out I'll
keep that in the videos over in job oh
hey I know I said we only had five but
this dude came in second half straight
from soccer practice and killed it out
there okay guys so really quick I just
want to say I had a lot of fun playing
with that team I wasn't really looking
to shoot a lot I was looking to pass and
they were finishing all their shots we
won the game it was really fun they're
trying to get me to play with them for
the whole season I don't know if I could
do that because I'm really really busy
and go twice a week it would be kind of
hard but I'm gonna try my best because I
had a lot of fun Thank You Ted and Krys
for asking me to play and the most
important part we want I think I had 19
points I led the team in scoring but I
wasn't I wasn't looking to shoot a lot I
just wanted to get them involved
pass the ball a lot they said I did a
really good job and they liked playing
with me so much that they're trying to
put me on the permanent team so I
appreciate that is somebody who loves
basketball so much like basketball is
pretty much my whole life so when I come
and play on the team with a bunch of
random people that I don't even know and
then they all end up telling me that I
did really good and that they love
playing with me so much that they want
to put me on the permanent team it makes
me really really happy so shout-out to
you guys I'm gonna try my best to play
on the team like I said I'm not a
traitor
I'm not leaving my team with my brother
and my family that is on Tuesday this is
a completely different league led the
team in scoring 19 points I could have
had more but I missed a lot of open
shots I don't know why I think I was
nervous playing with a lot of new people
but it was really fun playing with them
and they did really good so thank you
guys for having me on your team and
thank you for inviting me to play the
rest of the season I will let you guys
know you guys the team members and you
guys have watch squad if I end up
playing the whole season other than that
it has been valadis
drop a like if you did enjoy this video
what do you guys think of the game your
urine in them shots especially those
patches you are on with your honorable
passes I like passing Christian you can
get the 30 pts I think at the 30 but I
got the 19 piece your hidden thank you
both Casey honor games game yo it was
you know it's over from the beginning we
know we look from the dairy
Hey and this to everyone who calls me a
ball hog
I don't lie I like passing I'd like that
so if you want to call me a ball hog
then you're crazy ballistic drop a like
if you enjoyed this video by God
say bye Dennis and do your famous line
he didn't run genocide you forgot it's
your line I mean wait how did you
forgetting I forgot it
come on your famous line well maybe I
guess yo guys we just made this fans day
he owned the fan page of me so he went
live and I joined his life he's so happy
look Dennis George Tenet hi they don't
even know they're in the vlogs here let
me tell them you're in the blog hold on
here and the rod you're in the vlog boat
Asia angel had so many times to get a
t-shirt of yours
so he made a homemade wine he made an
old t-shirt that says for water you're
in the bug boat now they want to be on
the video now okay he made the baby cry
do you hear the baby crying in the house
so photo screaming so loud that he made
the baby cry anyways like I was trying
to save Otto
he's one of my fan pages and he shows so
much support to me every single day so I
followed him back and then he went live
so I joined his live and now he's
freaking out and so I put him in the
vlog chat out to you thank you for the
support we all were watching his life
jaggies let the message to his movie
look like Jackie George was rusty watch
BBC Jackie watch watch watch and as my
girlfriend vote that's the end of this
one by the way I appreciate all the
support and love from every single fan
page out there I'm not singling out one
fan page I love all you guys and it's
crazy to me how you guys take the time
out of your day to make a whole separate
account just to you know show so much
more support than you guys already do I
love all the fan pages out there I love
all the people watching my videos period
so thank you guys so much for watching
