so Keith Vanessa's ball always sorry
just in case to saltiness we thought
this trip was just going to end enough
and go back to San Diego with Jackie and
was done but it turns out their news
please coming to San Diego so in case
you guys are wondering how all this
happened
Dennis and keys coming to San Diego I
don't even know this was all last second
like literally today Dennis
literally I'm doing a part for my vlog
so this morning this was a plan me and
Jackie had a slight we were going to fly
back to San Diego and Dennis and Keith's
we're going to drive back to Phoenix
that was a plan and then I don't even
know how God brought up but one thing
led to another and another thing led to
another and it turns out Dennis and
Keith wanted to come to San Diego so I
said come on in and come to the house so
me and Jackie just didn't go on the
flight and we just came and drove with
them because I love Dennis I love Keith
so I feel like it would be funny to go
on a road trip with them and I didn't
want them to drive all the way to San
Diego by themselves so now me and Jackie
just didn't show to our flight and we're
headed to San Diego but Dennis drives
like a grandma and if Dennis didn't
drive like a grandma we would have
already been there guys look at this so
these two are from Arizona you guys
already know the Arizona heat is crazy
so now that we're in San Diego they see
the perfect weather and they're opening
their windows to get their arms out like
Dennis opened up his whole damn car
no way babe when I went to airs on a
boat
I was cooking it was like 120
it feels that good guys oh my guys
they're so funny too because I'm used to
this weather where are we going for what
reason Keys the hot fries you guys
already know they come down to San Diego
we have to go to the mall so they can
try the hot fries oh oh oh no you stupid
the big bag here this is so funny God oh
my anyone
you gotta go ahead first
where are you Nicole oh my god guys make
a little more no we do a public key on
the got close they are oh my god it was
some like eat anything okay so we got
the fries
look they just look like you don't have
to take them to know that this fucking
house you see miles the water right now
he said his eyes are watering that
happens to me always that if you I got
kind of used to this they make me sweat
and they make my eyes water okay guys
Sookie told me that he has only tried
sushi one time in his life and what you
didn't like it huh right stretch so I
told her bro you're here in San Diego
first time in your life I got to make
the tribe sushi roll come on it's
actually bomb it's good so if both of
our if you don't I swear okay let's see
it how's the raw fish no oh okay I'll
tarragon Tara
I feel like sushi either you love it or
you hate it
there's no middle piece do you love it
or hate it you hate it okay
guys they came to San Diego to make good
memories and have fun and Here I am
torturing them all day I joined observe
on camera on earlier Dennis was
literally stuck but me being a good
friend that I am I was trying to help
him I didn't want to record you filming
yeah okay guys currently in Dennis and
qisas hotel room
we got the summer league basketball game
on TV yo helps LRU they're not showing
the sun's game no no they don't have a
Suns game on TV they got this game on TV
so that sucks
Dennis bro I don't think it's healthy to
be this lady tell them how much did he
sleep in Vegas oh my gosh this is the
whole time yeah then it's enough sleep
bro it's like 4:00 p.m. Dennis if I walk
in Dennis bro
yeah people were calling him Snorlax bro
we'd wake up go get breakfast and then
we come back to the house to change so
we could go play basketball or change so
we could go to the mall and we'll knock
on Dennis's door to see if he's done
changing and due to sleeping the whole
time we were in Vegas but you can't you
can't continue that trend
you can't that was the Vegas thing chill
you're a liar that's what you said last
time
oh I'm not gonna close my eyes I'm just
gonna rest them that's what you said
both these Bears information oh okay
fine I'll let you go to sleep if you
tell the vlog where are we going at 8
p.m. and Rico's haircut baby you already
know they're coming down to San Diego we
got to take them to Paul the barber best
barber in San Diego can't imagine he
messes up so bad for you taking naps
where Las Vegas teen not a san diego
team the local loop you ate the hot
fries I'm not sleepy so you could you
could go to sleep as long as we're up by
April and we'll go get haircuts
hey Dennis doesn't have any snacks on
just water Dennis you don't have any
snacks here
jeez the attitude hey really if you
don't have any smacks me and keys are
going to go get some fun the vending
machine now if you want to take a nap
you take a nap I don't you fall asleep
in my barber's chair that is a damn liar
bro this happened in Vegas the whole
time I'm not tired well I'm just gonna
like lay down really quick but me and
keys are going to get snacks
well it's not like ass okay playful I
feel bad should we do it - Ilumina a
little bit yes a little bit others - of
water don't drown yeah we wanted to
drown okay guys so if you can't tell us
getting snacks it's really us going to
fill this up with ice and water guys I
feel so bad dennis an ice is dead is
this is like the nicest he's such a good
person and he's on the trip to st. shits
normal smoke but this man sleeps so much
and when Dennis told us you're going to
take a nap usually we would be like
nuovo don't take about nothing at but I
took my feet off my plate just let it
take an advocate I have an idea
and here is the idea so than just
sleeping of course and well honestly I
do feel bad he feels bad sometimes a
man's got to do what a man's got to do
so we're up here the ice machine
actually probably he's not awake like he
heard us leave the room no but we told
him we were going to get snack so he
knew we were leaving yo Dennis when you
watch this this is a snack
it's just neck a little more a lot more
hey if we're gonna prank you Moscow
prank it good
well technically trying to prank if we
actually do it but you know what I mean
bro nice shirt a little bit more yeah
extra I he said you wanted extra and
it's sleep I heard him so the ice part
oshi I was about to walk straight into
the elevator for some reason I bought a
state open for us I've never done an ice
bucket water prank raising the point you
know what's funny usually people do ice
bucket praying for you know girls with
sexy girls and you know the future gets
when all the fans are excited to see it
we're doing it was dead it didn't so you
guys going to be dead in a white t-shirt
not not no thank you girl you can see a
sexy handsome man Danny's okay what you
have the cue on it yeah okay oh my gosh
wait where's the water
oats in the roof okay so we got to be
quiet in the room I've never done one of
these pranks I'm kind of nervous but I'm
so nervous I forgot even wear my shoes
oh my god I feel so bad Dennis when you
watch this ball I love you yeah I think
I'll pay for his haircut because of this
I'll treat him I'll treat him out to a
haircut after this
we're president make sure he's not awake
okay wait I like his shirt cosines
I'm so nervous we Allah let me check
these re frist waiting so doesn't slam
the door
without evil
wait can you sell this
Oh
I feel really bad but YouTube so many
nesco you sleep wake walk it's all love
I'm side
golly energy guys oh oh are you thinking
so for Dennis and says I'm suppose
you're such a good guy I swear oh but
you sleep so much boy both we showing
sir T Stoke is it cold I thought the ice
was warm but I take it off we want you
to get you know when it's too cold like
Jack and Rose from Titanic well you left
so fast we'd have to wait anything can
you squeeze your shirt why would I why
would you guys act like it's okay from
your sleep warm I sleep in - no no no no
no we're going to get a new new
bedsheets honestly you can sleep in my
house be able to sleep somewhere that
you are guys forget it I'm so sorry I
love you come here then he's coming
coming
yeah I love your book and you just sleep
way too much that's it
tell me how to sleep I told you I know
you guys well enough NAB's you know cabs
I know my friggin her I wouldn't care
for that hurt I'm sweating on out of
there did it feel like a punch no but
you know hey honestly this excuse his
idea it was his idea
fuck you man penis now I'm just joking
it was mine
it was mine you know how every time you
say you're going to take a nap I tell
you don't take a nap don't take a nap
this time when you say you're going to
take a nap I told my chief I said let
him take a nap because I have an idea
keys wait look oh my gosh just a little
it's got that kinda system or yeah we
spent all day tomorrow you would
both water's still dripping at 0.03 okay
let's get you some new batches growth is
bad well I feel bad would you say was
the what what you still trying to go to
sleep
well I'm swear I don't think I'm away
from is it wet under yes fucking Kiva
zone is like I guys kind of dry yeah you
said it was hot balls doing you a favor
because he slept for literally three
seconds and his hair is all sticking up
already
he said no no but honestly that is
nothing against my dream yeah I fall
asleep what was your dream
well I was getting ready to take out a
girl and we were walking about again the
pool actually man fucking when I got a
realize no but what was the first thing
you told me last night
well the hotel room was hot it's all
doing your favourite dead as well I love
you I my chest is hurting well I'm sorry
but my intention was never to hurt you
come here oh you're a little bit I'm not
used to Dennis be the one that's way
around me okay I guess what
come here Kings you know don't act like
you're saying oh you were so part of it
who's playing whose idea was it
I'm not gonna like what's my idea why am
i more mad at marquise because otherwise
I just roll off with the Keith no true
failure
Keith I recorded it no story me it was
me it would be nice wait oh like oh I
didn't have a video for tomorrow what
did you want me to do I couldn't stop me
I couldn't it I can't just upload us
eating hot fries and key strikes to
shift spitting it out so since you first
said well I'm tired I gotta take a nap
that's when we planned it I texted Keith
what you have a text look where am I
going to sleep today I'm gonna get you
new sheets I swear and if they don't
give new sheets you can sleep in my
house on the bright side I have a video
done for tomorrow we could hang out all
day if I didn't do this but all have
been struggling for our video and we
wouldn't have been able to hang out
because you know I would have all went
dry I gotta shower sleep you asked me to
hang out this morning and I said well if
I if I don't get a video done have to do
that tonight but now we can hang out
because
do that okay God keys get in this bow
you go sleep right there on the crease
in the witness well just joking behold
God thank you so so much for watching
this video I hope you guys enjoyed it as
much as Dennis enjoyed it and you got
something coming don't know Dennis
brought home where you don't have Dennis
you don't need to do that bro I'm a good
person you you deserve the amazing
prayer let's get edited here forgive me
that is visa amazing you soul
hey yo guys I hope you enjoyed this
video I've never done an ice bucket
water and you know what I told them I
said usually youtubers do ice bucket
water praying such you know sexy female
entrance and they got the t1 on daddy's
not really thank you guys so much for
watching this video I really hope you
guys enjoyed I think it came out really
funny Dennis was really laughing about
it and drop a like subscribe to our new
distributing fun you think it's been
funded she's so fun and he's a good
sport but I loved it it's me and key for
saying is such a nice present anyway
guys until next video we're going to
enjoy the rest of our night yeah we're
going to enjoy it
your favorite song was to do what's up
baby how you doing wait guys before we
close it out Dennis said he wanted to
show something for the video yeah look
poses exactly my head was imagining you
know I was sleeping like this okay you
might spill water right here I'm
breathing slow you're going to tell
Observer that he peed his pants and
that's oh my gosh dennis is a wild go
I'm calling from all group and I just
what the best I needed to change the
sheets you have please thank you sorry
okay guys like I told you we're in San
Diego so we had to come through with a
cut Dennis are you excited
Oh Paul here so Paul's getting some
ideas I told them if you're in San Diego
you got to get cut by the best you know
then it's you know for the I'll let Paul
warm up for you go warm up on Dennis oh
if you mess up so can you get me second
Dennis you look fresh was being up
dennis is here hey I want to shout Paul
out today's his day off and he's taking
all of us to get cut thank you for he
serves all back from some early to we
were all out summer league was supposed
to be his off day they're gonna make all
my money back I'll awesome day
Dennis hours later he's selling fall
about the ice bucket he's still talking
about can you bring normal house oh yeah
I just don't feel my chest that was been
added to the ice bucket challenge
exactly Oh a shout-out to Dennis he got
me this bag as a late birthday present
it's so dope you could fit basketball
edge and your shoes guys just forgot it
it's nice
thanks Dennis gosh Dennis really went
and bought hide Dennis did you forget
what like there's a ice machine I'm so
fuckin shook from earlier where are you
scared to go down to the ice stay to the
left as well we literally just got him
with the ice bucket prank and he goes
and buys eyes like there's no ice
machine downstairs come on Dennis I
think when my barber shaved his head he
shaved into his brain
