hey Tony
everything okay
poor Tony then I said I would set you
over every day how bad do you feel for
me so everybody gets to go home go back
to that spot but Dennis is coming back
to San Diego with me pray for Brandon I
got you with Dennis it's a blessing man
hi guys
mom ba ladies FBI yo i'ma miss you guys
Tony oh I'm gonna miss you guys
look who's coming in San Diego also key
so Keys finesses ball always sorry just
in case watching this I mean it's okie
sexually got the days object of serious
injury that occurred while we were
playing basketball we thought this trip
was just going to hand it off and go
back to San Diego with Jackie and was
done but it turns out their news please
coming to San Diego martial law dennis
is crazy it's like three o'clock right
now my game is at 6 p.m. I thought we're
getting drive-through and we gotta go
Dennis but we're gonna miss my game
we're shit dry multi-task well okay guys
first listen miss my game we're still
like oh my and we'll make it on my game
is today at 6 p.m. don't ask you why I
love Vegas the day of my game it does
because I'm an idiot if you want to
answer that because I'm an idiot
you guys all remember the basketball
videos today the new season starts my
team is back but there's one problem
our game is at 6 and it's like 3 p.m.
right now and we're still on the way
back from Las Vegas and we're still at
least a couple hours away from people
also hi guys
because it was all last second like
literally even well we found out this
morning up until last night we have no
idea they were both coming to San Diego
and now we're on our way
so it's 3:15 right now okay weren't at
least a couple hours away honestly I
just hope that I'm not late to the game
why do I always put myself in these
situations why is your bread it would
not be a bruh wattage trip unless there
was something like this going on and
what time did we sleep last night
5:00 a.m. and fell asleep at like 5:00
a.m. we woke up at like 8:00 so we
didn't even really get any sleep anyways
I'm super excited to be back on the
court for those who don't know last
season I don't even want to say it
because it hurts me but we did not even
make the playoffs honestly those are bad
season we just we had to offer you I'm
trying not only to get back to the
playoffs but I want to win the
championship and it all starts today it
starts with the first game okay guys so
let's just worry about getting to the
game how about that then it says bully
what is it driving you're gonna sit you
on the freeway you're worse than Brian
she's all the same TV well do you
remember I said of one hours racing
minute yeah it just jumped up to one
hour 57 Ball mile hours and it keeps
going up little by little guys the time
estimated to get to our house keeps
jumping up guys this is so bad there is
lack of my mind open a shuttle drive to
God this isn't funny but look at just
one up again Dennis to top it off I
forgot we moved into a new house so that
house is even farther from the
basketball gym yeah this is this isn't
looking too good this is such a reward
to do on 148 oh and one light exciting
game
then I went and went down 142 minutes
you went down
43 minutes and went down yeah guys this
is such a typical but wanted thing to do
I swear
you can I keep the n cycling you okay
guys update it looks like we are going
to make my game it's just going to be
really really close it's going to be a
really tight schedule but it does look
like we're going to end up making my
game shout out to Dennis for stop stop
and driving like a grandma and finally
stepping it up oh it was a scary couple
hours when you stepped up the driving
but the most important part were still
alive well actually some of us are still
alive and was shipping the Louis V bags
a pillow cheese is expected both God
hopefully she doesn't get no drool on it
we're gonna have to regulate you get
some drool on this one home sweet home
finally I get to see my family I haven't
seen them in so long it's been like five
days I miss them I swear honey I'm home
uh uh they don't have the doors open for
me already honk is the special treatment
I get isn't worth shit oh my gosh I
can't wait to see Bosley I love Bosley I
hope he humps me again last time I went
away for our vacation and came back he
helped me so much Oh imagine another
snake prank and Penny this is what I
wanted to walk into mom did you dye your
hair really I noticed
oh nice shirt Bryan's ready for the game
alright hey guys where's Bosley wears
off anyway why are you kidding me I feel
really amiable
where's the snake th is nice hair I
notice my long hair right away I know
Bosley Bosley Bottomly Bosley gonna kill
me buzzy wait till my friends not to
come because they're going to take the
attention from Bosley I want it for
myself no no no he heard that you heard
them Dennis yeah Maura come here Bosley
come good boy Bryant tell them to give
me at least one minute alone time with
Bosley come here buddy
good boy
it was fun Anthony did I say give me
some alone time loudly did you miss me
one case no no no no don't wipe your
boogers on me that's not what I'm here
for
I'm not a towel ah see I'm a human okay
he just he just using me to wipe his
boogers I'm all over the alone-time
chaos it's time to leave to the game I'm
just happy we made it back in time
because there was just a little bit more
traffic I would have missed the game
anyway I'm so excited to go play I've
been waiting for this moment ever since
last season ended god it's big one month
I've literally been like I've been
itching to get back on the floor because
since you guys know me I'm a competitor
I don't like to lose basketball games so
when we missed the playoffs last season
I was so down on myself and I blamed
everything on myself and I was just like
itching like counting the days down
until the next season started so now
that game one is here I'm ready I do not
want to miss the playoffs again I don't
even want to fall anything short of a
championship I want to win the
championship got as a matter of fact I
was so mad about not making the playoffs
and I was so upset with myself that I
didn't even check in with my friends or
I didn't even ask who won the
championship I didn't even want to know
who won the championship or what
happened in the playoffs I didn't even
check still to this day to the second I
still don't know who won the
championship because I was just so upset
I didn't even want to look I just want
to forget about last season and it
starts with today I swear this whole
past month has been like a punishment
for me knowing that I'm sitting at home
not playing in the playoffs it just kept
making me feel like it was my fault that
my team J make the playoffs I'm telling
you I've been waiting for today my mom
and dad are trying to tell me not to
play the Giants on me you're probably
not going to do this because you're so
tired and you literally just got home
after I told them last night I pretty
much didn't get any sleep like right now
I'm running on no sleep they were like
yeah no way don't go play you should
just stay home my mom was like you're
exhausted
there's no way you could go play a
little basketball game the way I see it
no excuses I don't care how tired I am I
don't care how exhausted I am I don't
care how little sleep I got the night
before I'm playing
are you crazy there's no way oh just cuz
I didn't get any sleep I'm going to stay
home no bro no excuses I'm playing and I
want to win this game so mom dad I'm
sorry but I'm gonna prove you guys wrong
they said oh I don't you should go
you're not really going to do good
anyway for you're so tired
you'll see parents I'm ready
one whole month I've been dying to get
back I'm so ready right now well not
really exciting on my shoes on but still
I'm so ready no way I can lose in front
of this cheerleader
what's the cheer yeah baby ready ready
ready for the food but looks excited
that you're not contagious
ah only for the camera not just guys
Chris if you guys don't remember was
very last he said 21 21 21 guys I have
that stuck in my head all along for you
guys tell when they say that
hey how many times will I say in this
video probably a lot so I don't know
what to tell you
hey Brendon played basketball yesterday
so I don't know how he's playing right
now he played for like six hours like I
can barely run for like two minutes it's
so much
three
/ brothers are back we start seven uh
some early since all of it hi kitty home
somewhere I guess
Hey
hey Isis 24th
we have a timeout 25 to 24 was 14 points
two seconds left you're doing great
Bailey
shove it six seconds five
let's go how's it going play that's so
weird
stop stop
Oh
you
right guys I actually do have exciting
attention anymore oh my god is this a
buzzer-beater situation I was sitting
down standing hell yeah
who scores out
40 minutes left it's 35 to 35 now
let's go
for 239 oh my god Alvin got hurt he got
hurt something he can play more and
Christie surest them we have Marquis of
the Year play
Staubach that's 43 to 39
48 to 39
so what happened here you know there was
a little bit of trash talk going on
between that dude and my brother it was
just regular trash so you know the dude
was telling Bryan I'm gonna cross you
out I'm gonna cross you over and then
Bryan stole the ball so the dude got mad
and so he fouled Bryan you know just
normal stuff but then after that I heard
him tell Bryan died he's gonna knock him
out I heard him three I'm Bryan like
i'ma knock you out whatever obvious
actor on the middle of that because
Bryan's my little brother and I'm not
gonna sit there and just have someone
tell me gonna knock him out and not say
anything so I went between them and then
I pretty much just told the guy like bro
shit allow you're not going to knock
anybody out like if you guys trash talk
that's fine but don't threaten my
brother like like trash talking about
basketball is one thing oh I'm across
you overall I'm gonna steal the ball
from you who cares that's fun that's
funny but once you threaten not somebody
out that's a whole different story
so yes I got in the middle of that
because Barnes my little brother and I'm
not having that you don't need to throw
in my little brother and so things
started to get a little chippy from
there
stop it dammit
let's go
sighs I'm so happy that girlfriends come
and record their man to sell other
crimes but by myself
hey whisky foxes 49 56 yeah 56 to 49
well what were you in the game
you broke your ankle 400 watt it almost
broken hey I told you you were going to
add sunny trees worth from the oghuz
mouth he said he does not one of us out
tampoco me bro bro he good and then over
here I wanted to the do it after the
game because even after the game when we
were trying to shake hands you know drop
everything and say good game he was
still pretty obsessed so I just went up
to him and I was like yo and he told me
he thought yo I don't have a problem
with you both you know I'm cool with you
good game and I told him how right back
I was like I don't have a problem with
you either bro but that's our little
brother so you can't just find him and
expect me not to say anything
bla bla bla we just had a little talk
it's at the end of the day it's just
basketball
I guess trash-talking just went a little
too far there's no hard feeling he told
me he doesn't have a problem with me
whatever guys it's just basketball
things like this happen all the time
shout out the keys right here this man
wasn't even supposed to be in San Diego
let alone to play a game and he comes in
and watched some minutes so you're gonna
hit oh my my boy my boy hey I don't know
buddy
so what happened there one of our one of
my boys Alvin hurt his back and then
Chris was getting old he can't move
anymore so he was tired
he's like peaceful and then he's like a
Keith come in and Keith thought it was a
job to pass an exam he's laughing on my
vote if you don't come in it we we only
have four Chris come on bro you're
getting old you can't keep up so T
statement logs some minute income yeah
in some Vance and then they didn't like
Danny's coming to these two goods so
they just didn't want I didn't let you
play they had to put mark II think of
your two girls here he has a contract
she said he's going to the NBA F so they
don't let him played regularly he's only
the NBA
shoutout to Brian he had a bunch of
clutter in my opinion I think we played
good we still got to get a little bigger
I think the other team was getting too
many offensive rebounds we need to box
style better I need to play better I
need to play better D my man was picking
me sometimes and I need to hit my open
shots I think I finished with 22 points
I led the team I'm just happy for my
team last season we didn't even make the
playoffs so we were dying to get back
this first game shoutout to all my
teammates man Brian Guilbert Chris
Alvin Bronson
shout-out to you guys we won this game
because of you and I'm just happy next
our key I'm glad your team oh yeah oh
you know what I gave you a home is
Ramona Shelburne here is we got cheese
bring it again throws busted big guy up
was number 24 I don't know they got a
couple of it was a couple of big guys
coming about tonight at running they
don't have enough guards and okay the
guy with the ha you know what he had on
the back of his jersey waving
disrespectful
this man name is wavy teeth and the
other dude had sway V on his judgment he
thought to be slinking that's his name
roasting you that's like someone else
having to name Brandon you can't yeah we
can't do it I only have four points in
the first half only four so I finished
with 22 diamond I scored 18 in the
second half I thought after I only
scored four in the first half I my all
great I'm having a shitty game I suck at
basketball I need to stop playing I need
to pick a new sport but that at halftime
I was like no there's my sport I like
basketball and then I scored 18 I don't
know I wait so you don't suck at
basketball no I still sorry somehow I
scored 22 points as long as we win I
finished every video till people get
tired of it I don't care how many points
I scored as long as we win the game and
we want what's the baby I do
all right are you Sarah what were you
talking to Jackie so it's a baby no oh
oh come on guys elder girls fans what's
up baby how you doing
what's up you guys are late alright so
you know Brandon came in the game I was
like shit man he's not impressing me he
should be going crazy then I've no idea
turn around you know hitting his shot
I'm getting drawn them fouls and his
free throws my boy Brian was in them
shots
Chester thanks holding his chest under
the Canalis my dismay oh my god in doing
so then vinyls hitting a shot you know
period a teeny little - yeah Brian's
dish and then Marky came in that was end
of game you know I would have helped out
but in my contract I don't wanna go over
there hey people really shout out to all
my teammates things got a little chippy
but what's new every single Dotzler game
is basketball people trash talk like I
said I don't care a little bit of trash
talk but then when people start to talk
about knocking other people off whatever
that's a whole different story but there
was a lot of trash talk on the court but
I will try stalking Keith how much look
you might not be a
here on camera but how much trash like -
oh yeah I got actually got a mess for
security sighs I'm not asking about like
okay now I think I really know it and it
was about to jump in for what that is
about getting ready to jump in on my bro
we're just trash talking it's fine
Dennis we finished the season bad but
we're starting a good one win your
lawsuit and I can't wait till next week
guys thank you so much for watching this
video
I'm glad to be bringing the bat swap it
goes back because you guys love those oh
shit you're about to get run over drop a
like if you enjoyed subscribe if you're
new and I'll see you guys next week for
a basketball but you're volatile so you
got small for another bullying robotic
video peace out guys we said good game
but at the end of the day I just told
him go like that's my little brothers so
of course I had to say something but
it's basketball and we're going to play
them again like I said no hard feelings
and he actually told me that his son
watches my videos and I told him I was
like hey bring your son out next time we
play you guys can watch the game so
there's like I said yeah things got
chippy things are a little dirty some
words were said but at the end of the
game I went up to go see what the
problem was and after that talk
everything's cool there's no hard
feeling
