hey you're recording what's up you guys
it's me hey I was doing the typing
changing front handed hey you're
changing yes sir you better not show
your lobsters
okay guys well this time-lapse is ruined
anyway we are going to NBA severally
heart - oh I like that and everybody
goes oh really I didn't know that is
that youtuber - it you damn learning
from Jackie so she said oh so so like
this and then open it when I'm at the
summer league so god NBA Summer League
part - how hot would you say it is right
now for sure over a hundred I don't even
know why I'm wearing jeans but I'm
waiting basketball shorts under my jeans
just in case you know it sons have an
injury or something and they need to
replace me I'll be like got my shorts on
right away
ready they went up to the ball guys I
see the goat Josh Jackson monkeys praise
the whole team is goes to me how to take
over the Phoenix Suns snapchat story
Instagram story and then Twitter later
okay here we go
how many tribes do our game based on
myself what's going on guys Brandon here
it's how you're due to in Charlie hey
what's up guys random here I'm here to
watch the Sun somebody time to get this
way young guys rabbit here aka waters
we're here is on games of how to start
it's time to get this w yo guys Brandon
here aka waters
we're here son game is about to start
it's time to get to W that's crazy I
actually took over the Sun snapchat
that's like a dream come true and the on
Twitter and Instagram - well I like
dentistry future Phoenix Sun Dennis
Smith once its contract expires I like a
game oh oh
standard oh oh oh Josh Jackson if we win
the jump all we win the game
oh we wanna it's over just end the game
run Oh yogi airplane mode Jackson
Oh Oh Josh Jackson never mind
everyone said you can't shoot a chi and
we'll give it will give him one more
chance for my chin thank you thank you I
can edit the time of youtuber that's
fine let's see you guys this for me
really is great for bless place as the
Sun set on me he has to work on his
jumper it's okay though Thunder gone by
like 10 right now ping-pong looking too
good I have a solution
Tyler Ulis Thomas and dreadful sweet
coma
I couldn't let you leave follow my
bathwater we're the same height so he
could get on there Allen leaves over
there we need him on in TJ warnings and
back corners but we need you Liz
Allen and PJ on the floor right now and
we could come back you think if I let us
borrow my shorts they'll get in and play
it's going to be hard finding Alan
Williams some shorts he's the big man
how extra is this relationship
babe I'm trying to watch the game not be
cute now
oh we are extra babe
airplane mode you-let's island we need
something you could borrow my sources no
our minds it was 1 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 5 6 or
7 feet tall I saw my type
Oh
set about making fair
one it was in the middle of watching my
video hey Devin Booker has entered the
building I think he knows we needed help
we're down by almost 20 now okay bokor
cooled up book is already wearing the
basketball shorts so he's ready
no the we need to do right
I'll go ref honestly I don't mind but
yeah burgers ready we need them I think
if you drop 70 we could come back and
win this game but then if this is going
on I told you guys you're going to be
nice
there you go Josh most of us look hot Oh
Josh oh oh oh you got okay
Oh Toki he taking plan of five seconds
left of putting a seal of address right
here
sorry how many are you really need
anything I won't
watch
look at stay calm to the door and he
would Bob Myers that's the Warriors dude
I'm gonna why he's here he's lost the
Nuggets and timber was he's trying to
think Malik could steal Knicks who can
the Warriors steal next okay guys I just
want to introduce Chris to the blog this
guy always interrupts me not creates the
guy to speaker guys so this guy has been
such a huge fan of my videos like a
super big supporter for so long so I'm
pretty much a full we need to have a
talk after the game so I'm pretty much
spending the day watching all the games
with him he told me a long time ago that
he was going to get courts I see so I'm
spending the day watching the games with
him this is Chris guys and I'm trying
I'm gonna try to get him a picture with
Devin Booker cuz look he's a huge son
span the least I could do is spend my
babe watching the games of him because
he told me the only reason he's at
Summer League because he watched my
summer league vlog so he said after
seeing the summer league videos he
wanted to come here so he came all the
way here from all the way from Seattle
right from Seattle to Las Vegas so now
we're spending the day together
are you having a good time yeah just
like a dream come true on it'd be like
so you're so that's so great and he
stole me away from you what you told me
from Jackie Friday
yeah how about I split the time fifty
fish I hear criticism here it's like you
know having two girls
- thank you
guys I just met a huge fan his name is
Justin he wanted a picture but he
doesn't have his phone or camera so go
he doesn't have a phone on camera so I
told him I'll get him in the vlog so he
could have a picture this way oh you got
a screenshot this okay okay Justin yo
guys I know this probably it's like this
probably isn't that big of a deal to
anybody else but it's so crazy that that
I sit over the Sun snapchat like I don't
know to everyone else they're probably
just like oh it's just a snapchat who
cares but I keep thinking about it
that's crazy that they actually asked me
to do that it's like it's a dream come
true that's all I'm going to say a dream
come true I don't know the smile can't
wipe off my face but I'm so happy they
should ask me to take over the snapchat
everyday one of my biggest fans they
would have both amen
my name's Tyler watch him every day
thank you I can't I can't believe it's
happening thank you I appreciate that
coming up
warming up more now fair play right
if I make it from here game over
they're going
ding going wait what
I got you ready we moved over to goofy
now the Clippers and jazz are playing I
like to zoom clip it's so small it's
weird though cuz these are like NBA
projects playing in such a small arena
I'm alone I feel like it's weird to them
then now we're over here what are you
probably a shout out the time but yeah
Baron 11 Jordan mode the Baron loans 11
Jordan 12 business working for
pea-pickin 10 o'clock
Dennis caught Dennis not exposure guys a
small wait Jim do you like better the
bigger one or this one I call he plays
like a lot of people yeah that's true
it's so small that you can feel like
you're right next to everybody hey guys
I just met
just a rotten thanks oh my god see for
your dog - thank you baby
why thank you
yeah yeah I know okay guys so I just
made Jake big fan of my videos but
that's all I'm trying to get into I'm
sure oh whatever okay they would have
been fun you know I like your jerseys is
that realistic
no way hey briella's came look at his
shirt the go in Daniel lane and then he
got more guards autograph well he's my
idol I wish to meet lavars I wish I know
a lot of people who watch my videos are
Celtic fans so I left the other arena
and I came back to this one so I could
get some Celtics pretty guys there's
Jason Tatum the actress it was up to me
the other day when I said hi and said
what's up to the vlog actually they said
there's James Brown he is way too this
to be playing some early but yeah this
for all you chunky stands out there look
how much bigger this arena is from the
other one though I soaked it somewhere
and for all your Celtic fans out there
be happy because it's eight year old you
guys are already winning Brad Stevens
son for those who don't know that's the
culture of the Celtics he watches my
videos Dennis if they don't believe me I
swear
you know guys listen he wasn't allowed
to be in the video because just for
multiple reasons so I know you guys not
going to believe me but for all you
Celtics fans out there I swear and I
even told him I said oh I got a lot of
the brats lon our Celtics fans and he's
out yet bro I swear to you I'm not lying
but he couldn't be in video his mom
didn't let but I swear if I'm lying just
just burn me right now at the plane see
I told you I'm not lying I'm not why
would I lie
I know imaginary Birds know why would I
lie why would I make that up I'm telling
you guys that's so crazy
LeBron James kids watch Lloyd
Mayweather's kids and now Brad Stevens
both this is so crazy like I don't know
I'm I don't even know what to say I'm
just speechless that's crazy eyes
oh I guess since we have VIP tickets
wake up few are logical backstage so
look we're we're like under I guess this
is what backstage of some of these looks
like they have a bar just in case your
team loses and all the players come here
I guess I don't know they have a cafe I
don't know for a lot of there I'm not
even gonna try going in there but yeah
this is pretty cool they got more speed
I guess if something happens to other
ones yes when we are raising cane's
again since we've had this every single
day we're here are you ready for Cain oh
my gosh because we don't have chains in
San Diego so when we come to Vegas I get
it so much I love saying I know I have a
one members of the blonde school that
won't still be w/e so this for you guys
tell me what are you guys watching
okay whatever you said God that was for
the members of the brothel on who loved
WWE shout out I'm setting my video
they're watching some WWE I'll watch
Wrestlemania whenever that comes bro
show what's under that right now it's
bad football sure you can't wear masks
what's worse than that
well I wear basketball shorts under
every gene okay with those supposed to
be like fitted God I'm trying to change
minding my own business and then you top
it is about Roche what are you waiting
basketball shorts for Volvo guys
you always got away basketball shorts
under your jeans dance you know what
what tell them so anyone can view you
yes just in case you know you're walking
in Las Vegas you know just eating or
something if someone comes up a charm I
want one and you're ready now all right
well you know this corner bring you the
ball I'll say you bring the ball broke
Brandon that
without those shorts in the corner but
identical let me worry about poverty
check no bro come on I only wanted to my
basketball shorts no jeans the only
reason Wayne Jesus because Dennis hey
you know what yo Tommy can I just wear a
basketball shorts when we go out I
should be here
wait I have a question what do you guys
think of the bread barb jeans fire next
rail of a row three fruity I like
martinis you said it snappy let's go out
to the other horse what they think of
the blip bars like the bread fortune you
have the best party shoe oh yeah I love
the best funky okay guys so you see
Christie you know looking handsome
swagged out the dress shirt dress pants
and then the take a hand only
Jay's bow he broke the hoop and where
are the rods Dennis I think I'm on my
feet but all the rocks film the pool any
boats of whose lawns oh okay guys I know
there's a really awkward angle but all
other rooms in the house I take it so
there's only things I could do an outro
anyways really good before I close out
this video I just want to say that I
have been having the time of my life on
this trip you guys know me I'm a huge
basketball fan everything I love has to
do with basketball and the NBA so I mean
look at this a lot of like being
courtside and meeting all these players
and it's just been a dream come true for
me this is I don't know I could go on
and on and on but let's just keep that
this has been a dream come true I'm
Brandon aka everyone this is what I love
so I'm really really happy this trip has
been amazing
tomorrow I go back home so I get to see
my family that I missed very very much
mom dad Brian Bosley even handy I miss
all you guys
I can't wait to see you guys tomorrow
and to Chris the fan that I took to the
game yo I hope you had a lot of fun I
got I care for my supporters a lot I
take that very very seriously I really
really do love you guys so I remember
that Chris has been a fan since
literally like you guys don't even go so
when he told me that he was going to
summer league I hit him right back up
and I said both we could chill for the
whole day and you know yesterday he
would lie bro thank you so much for
sitting by me thank you for hanging out
with me and I'm like both thank you not
me it was just really cool it was really
fun and he's a huge Sun chance when we
get along even better
Chris I hope you had a lot of fun and it
was also really dope to me Derrick Jones
oh I got Chris immediate on junior
Booker was really busy so I couldn't get
him over there but I got Chris to meet
there John Jr and it was really good
meeting him - I met so many of the
players and god it's so crazy out of so
many of the players like I go up to them
to introduce myself and they already
know who I am and in my head I'm just
like how the hell do you know me
like it's so crazy so I'm not talking
only about sons players that's what's
crazy it's random players around the
league and I'm just like yo you know who
I am how that so it's so cool anyways
I'm talking way too much look all this
fun that I'm talking about all the
exciting that you saw in my vlog it
would not be possible without seat geek
like I said my other video these
courtside tickets they sold out within 5
minutes there was no way I could have
got these tickets but see geek sent me
over there and they told me in those
seats so for all you guys that are
trying to go to some early there's so
one week left for all you guys are
trying goes at any sporting event
football season is starting soon
baseball season is going on and if you
don't even like sports but you like
concerts see geek they do conference -
whatever you want you can find it at
sieging and the best part about this is
I have a promo code be a and if you use
my promo code you get $20 back on your
first purchase I will leave the link in
the description down below so if you
guys are going to be going to any
sporting event any concert anything like
that don't even think about using
another ticket company C geek is the way
to go and see geek thank you guys so
much for having you courtside it was a
great great time anyways the washcloth
thank you so much for watching this
video I love you guys so so much and for
everybody wondering I'm having
time of my life on this trip
