good morning everybody day 1 of summer
league is over I just woke up and I
never really got a chance to show you
guys where we're staying so I'm kind of
going to give you a little a little bit
of a tour right now so this is mine and
Jackie's room I'm almost done editing my
video but this is mine and Jackie's room
let's see what Jackie's up to sub buddy
and so we're staying here and then I'm
staying with a few of my boys that I
know over here look they're probably
still asleep because last night I was up
editing my video really really late and
I heard them outside they were up so
late the difference is I'm used to
staying up this late they are not used
to staying up the place oh I bet you
they're going to be asleep watch knock
down knock down knock down
I told you one of my boys is an early
bird he's awake
you know you're going to Eddie hunt what
do we get I know we're starving I told
them the boys aren't used to staying of
that later they're going to be knocked
out for a while so we just let the start
I guess and they ate our canes me and
Marquis fought game last night is gone
what are we dedicating today to since
we're not going to summer league today
what are we dedicating it to whooping
we're gonna be born all day that's my
hit wait is that Shawn soon I did I
don't know okay guys I don't know I'm
one of the boys of sleeping in one of
these rooms and then you got a swimming
pool you guys already know I'm not going
to be going in there because both
swimming in so is it's overrated and I'm
not only saying that because I don't
know how to swim maybe I am but it is
tempting though because look they got a
basketball hoop right there so it's like
saying Brandon I know you don't want to
swim but look there's a basketball hoop
so they are tempting me I'm not gonna
lie yeah guys I'm excited for today
we're just going to dedicate today to
basketball so uh yeah I kind of want to
give you guys a little tour of the house
really quick look they even have like a
little editing station a little editing
place right here so I could do my videos
I wish the other boys were awake I want
to get them in the vlog we'll get them
in this vlog at one point in this trip
I'm going to be here for another four
days but for now this is my boy marques
if you guys have been longtime
subscribers he's been in my videos a
long time ago he actually lived in
Phoenix so he's an OG Suns fan big time
Suns fan away someone might look up
let's go get them they're not wearing
any makeup so it's early she's my spill
my water
oh it's Dennis Dennis say what the vlog
Big Dawg just woke up you ready to hoop
I'm ready both laugh he can't even talk
he said I'm ready
Tony fell asleep but he played college
ball so you know he's ready to hoop Nick
I don't know about Nick mix donning with
no blanket bow
i'ma get him a blank I feel that
how I just hit my foot out that's
punishment for freaking I don't know
what I got punished for but that's still
punishment well there you go Nick
I just want you to be warm for when you
hoop just in case you're on my team I
don't want you to be cold yes
Oh tell me soul's blanket I don't want
to show Toni right now cuz he's sleeping
he doesn't have a makeup on but he
actually played college ball
Toni say what up Oh Sean's is awake
everyone's waking up for the vlog now
say what up everyone's awake now
Christian this is the buff man of the
house
we got certain man to the house here the
buff man of the house we're ready to go
hoop guys let's go whoo are you ready to
hoop yeah we're gonna go play you go run
I'll be playing hard you could be
shooting good
that's defense look she had my
championship shirt on too so you're
ready this is from when I won the
championship two seasons ago and she
wears it like every day support who is
this
ah yeah that's you and this is my
packing literally yeah okay so that's
good and I see me and Bobby we got the
whole crew here they would have got Tony
and I keep staring at Tony I'm like I
can't wait to beat him when we play
basketball okay look so we got FIFA we
got mad and you know Xbox one stuff but
then you have a go Christian what did
you bring with you and see look at this
he brought them in ten billion in fact
Super Smash Brothers Mario Kart
hello c'mon young for those who don't
know this is legendary right here
oh yeah Anna I know we're sad about the
bag charger fans right here so it was
sad r.i.p san diego chargers who's your
team Prescott who is it oh did I spoil
it cowboy cowboy we got chargers San
Diego Chargers on those on LA yeah hi
cool baby Angela Angela biggest Andrew
Luck stand on earth all right here Oh
Cardinal okay okay guys I'm so salty
look I'm all the way in Las Vegas Brian
is still at the house obviously in San
Diego and look he sends me a picture
look what he got at the house but one
day I'm gone
Brian the one day I leave you get it
hold on guys I hope you got it
permanently that looks so fun I'll
probably drown once I get up yo rug rat
hey man how's it going
so that slide that you got is that only
for one day or is it permanent it's only
one day Brian you had to get it when I
was in Las Vegas wait why'd you attach
it to the pool one on the hot tub
because not everyone can swim in the DP
yes say hi say hi it is ah no you have
to attach to the hot tub yeah I would go
in if it's attached to the hot tub but
attached to the pool I don't I would
drown imagine right off the slide and
then drown in the pool it got attached
to like an on
and Brian you're a liar I saw in the
picture that's the deep end boy Brian
Marquis wants to say hi my friend what's
up
so Connor you go that price edit this
Marquis Chris oh my god secret what
thank you yeah I know wasn't actually
break fries a hater first of all can I
just say if I slid off that slide into
the pool that would be my slide to death
because I would drown a hundred percent
no like Brian I'm coming back Tuesday I
have to go I just called you to confront
you about getting the slide the one day
I'm not dead so how's the dog doing is
he yeah
how's the snake ta no wait till Tuesday
for him to come back because I want to
be there when you bring him back okay
guys so Marquis
brought his Bosley shirt and he actually
just admitted yeah first of all he said
he's going to ball in that so we'll see
if oddly the good luck for your
basketball career or not but he told me
that he lost it for a while he said he
couldn't find it for a long time and
then where'd you end up finding the
shirt in the garage how fitting
that's so funny yo guys for anybody
wondering those shirts are on sale
anymore they were actually only on sale
for what one week and markeith got him
we got some controversy in the house
there's people who try to go who me
markeith what are you trying to play
video games ago who me oh but now you
can't pick both see this controversy
what what are you for Tony young and
blue so it's one video game one who's
Nick ball okay yeah Nintendo was out
before you before yeah you're trying to
hoop for weird dennis is lazy s Dennis
enough sleep bro it's like 4:00 p.m. you
can't live like this we're human not
grizzly bear but you could sleep for one
more hour honestly only if I could sleep
in the bed with you overall okay fine
you could do two hours now then Mario
Kart Rainbow Road
Nick was like this is what you guys cool
playing well I'm sorry but this is not
rainbow road without color he's not the
same Rainbow Road thank you guys makes a
hater
guess who got number one no no no no
nope come back here the Bosley the
Bosley I guess Oh a good luck for the
game not the court
continuing with the house tour there's
one con about this house so look in here
walk over here there's no luck
so Jackie scared I'm gonna walk in on
her going potty okay but did I open the
door Dennis he's awake no you're not
going back to sleep Dennis are you
playing what are you planning to do
towards uh fours L with a Z one more
time for Oh bullshit bro you that's a
sign we got to go ball it's a sign Keith
did that on purpose it's a sign no more
video games got the ball oh shit all my
stuff
one more time to say for though what no
it's fo r za not s no Ford's up guys we
missed Bosley look at monkey can I pay
him bro Bosley I mentioned vote I always
mix buzzer when I go on vacation guys oh
my gosh it's so hot here in Las Vegas
that Dennis was going to come out with
it with only his socks but then he would
have literally burned it like he would
have lit on fire that's how hot it is
so he's wearing Jackie slippers Dennis
they actually look good on you hold on
Lucy no I really think they look good
and the best part is they're actually
your size they fit you I'm just joking
half as was hanging off yo who didn't
eat the pretzels pretzels are good
trash okay now I'm definitely playing
you on the court who are you talking to
it's a Brandon he's looking all the way
over there if you ask why do you keep
calling out Tony when you play that ball
that's because this man right here
played college ball so there's no so for
those who don't know that's like the
equivalent of Kentucky for college ball
but so me as a competitor I like to call
out the best player the only bad thing
about that I made Alicia with no
athleticism go find old I ate the black
ones nice I miss my car
I miss my car I miss Bosley I also miss
my brother a little bit guys not only
Shawn's driving my car but he's doing a
really good job at impersonating my
driving skills too let's see it yeah
that's definitely the way I Drive mostly
I hit the polls not the bushes I finally
convinced them to go ball I finally got
them up off their video game but and I
said yo I haven't played basketball in
two days that might not be a lot for you
guys but to me two days feels like a
year I'm trying to go play basketball
and they're finally all like okay let's
go play so it is now the best time of
the day basketball time and let me just
say I got a lot of tweets from you guys
my supporters telling me I hope you're
enjoying your trip I hope you're having
fun on your vacation I am I'm having a
lot of fun I'm not going to lie I do
miss my family I miss my mom my dad
Brian and I miss Bosley Dennis you're
not sleeping right Dennis if I walk in
guys I swear he's trying to go this week
Danny's bro yeah yeah we're trying to
who I want to drop some buckets on you
he said oh nice Dan is about a whooping
some Yeezys no I gotta choose my bed now
you got to go along with for the vlog
okay we do then is gonna whooping some
Yeezys
come here Dennis let me just tell them
how our friendship started god so Dennis
long story short I didn't even know who
the hell this guy was a year ago I
literally didn't know him he was a huge
huge fan of my videos like one time she
came up to me out of some games he's
like you know I'm a huge fan Bauval and
I could just tell he was such a genuine
fan from so long ago such a big
supporter so like I got a snapchat or I
don't know maybe I got your number of
something we got in touch and now look
at us we're going on vacation together
staying in the same house he started
just being a fan and now he's like a
super close friend so friendships start
in weird ways and it's I don't know it's
crazy dinner got something he hates me
already he regrets being a fan Jacob
let's see that shirt dope debug 70 shirt
damn chumps all white you're not taking
a knee tonight or what
look at that outfit vote never my ladies
he is ready to take a knee you went
upstairs and change into a black shirt
right after I said that okay God every
time I go on vacation my mom knows I
miss Bosley a lot so she always sends me
a video cause we let's see how much he
misses me
so that's how much bubbly you don't even
look at the camera
my mom is so funny Bosley I miss you
Bob we literally have no emotion like at
all
the annual balls of video that my mom
sends every vacation okay guys
but we're here we're about to go to the
basketball courts as you can tell on my
shoes we're looking for the courts right
now but I just needed to see that balls
of video for some extra motivation I'm
Miss Bosley god I love Bosley after
seeing that video like he's such a well
raised kid like he has manners he's not
disrespectful he's so Bosley's he's a
good kid what do you think about the I
love Bob no you gotta force a little
stay in the room yeah shut of the door
my mom just sent me a video you want to
go by Brandon he had no emotion like
nothing I didn't have no John it sucks
but I love it that's my guy
well the gym is so nice they got three
different chords this puts my dream in
San Diego to shame who's getting the
work first raise your hand save just
raise your hand cuz no one else did okay
Jackie will
the current of balling with all cunts
and we all got the devil boogers mean we
got out fever
I love it all of it every okay guys
we're about to run apply one plug
why the hell they're playing I don't
know it's really a hundred and ten
degrees the ball work so I'm going to
pass out
even though we lost I was a little angry
actually a lot angry but just after we
got to play because you guys know me I
love basketball I wanted to play even
though I'm on vacation I had to get my
basketball name I'm not done I play it
yeah I'm just happy we got to say a lot
of people think when I go on vacation
don't sighs I thought I just as you like
but I still have to get my best always
happy to play
so you guys know me I love raising cane
that's my go-to spot we don't have one
in San Diego so the only time I get to
eat it is when it comes to Vegas I mean
pretty much we have a weekend that's why
this weekend here we got it twice in one
day
yeah why would you think this ought to
be an elite that is elated if your lady
chicken finger and cheap french fries
they're both not transmitted but a good
safety on the meal tonight you know
maybe good steak we're not that big
baller brand right here I have been 60
or immunity baby he's not lying
yesterday was our first day here we had
Cannes for lunch and dinner we had it
back-to-back so first you don't like
pretzels they don't want on me I don't
know why here might be of Julius Randle
she well he looks like do ya
nobody he's more handsome than Julius
Julius kind of looks cool like I don't
like the way he looks are Julius I know
you go see this but he's okay people
compare me to Aaron Hernandez so look
where we are
shout out Tony we showed up Tony now
guys you guys know me I love Raising
Cane's Tony was down though he was just
playing I know he loves canes okay guys
so it's that time of day again I don't
know what time it is like 1:00 in the
morning or 2:00 in the morning and it is
time for me to start editing my video if
you're wondering why I'm in the bathroom
not because Jackie just fell asleep in
the room so I don't want to wake her up
and to all my voice listen all my boys
that you guys saw are staying in this
house they're downstairs right now
they're playing card games they're
playing Fifa you know they're having a
really good time and they keep asking
you to join them but you know what I
told them I'd rather stand serious edit
this video and get it up for you guys
because I made a promise before I left
on the street that I would upload every
single day of this vacation for you guys
so to all my boys I love you guys but I
promise the Vermont slot that I'll get
videos up for them so that's what I'm
doing for the rest of the night wait
look you could use the Ella dice chairs
hold on wait check is asleep don't talk
listen him loud they are
keep it down fellas
I'm just joking you could be loud oh my
god Jackie so anyway guys I will II do
hope you enjoyed today's video we kind
of just chilled we didn't really do
anything for the blog we just we'll just
a regular day I gave you guys a tour off
the house that we're seeing it we played
some basketball and we just hung out I'm
just happy we got to play basketballs
not like the main thing off my checklist
I told them I said yo just because I'm
on vacation doesn't mean I don't want to
play basketball I still want to play
ball so it felt really good to be out on
the court it's been a really really fun
vacation so follow these guys I love
these guys and it's been really fun so
far so I hope you've been enjoying the
vlog I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did please be sure to drop a like a
special videos coming out tomorrow
because tomorrow I will be going back to
the NBA Summer League from row seats
again so if you got to sell my first
summer league video the new treadmill
with tech specs for tomorrow and a lot
of you guys love that video a lot of you
guys gave me some really really nice
feedback and who knows won't meet
tomorrow so it should be really fun
video anyway please subscribe to the
channel if you are new drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed I'm super
tired but like I said I made a promise
before I went on this vacation that I
would try my best to upload every single
day for you guys for the Bratva and
that's what I'm going to do anyways I
love you guys all and I hope you enjoyed
this video peace out guys
