it's all good
okay well supposed to do like a
fast-forward you know the time-lapse but
Jackie had something to say you look so
good today because it's the first time
in my life that I dressed up Vegas here
we come
you're like I think there's when I'm
like in the mood of doing like a nice
little edit wait you're supposed to go
in that line he said if you're sexy and
you have a big butt then you go in that
one over there but she heard me
oh no not even at the airport we can't
get away from a makeup store number 33
that's grant Hill's old number when he
played for the Sun dish the water is so
loud when I'm trying to talk no respect
for a vlogger guys the good thing about
wearing basketball shorts and never
dressing up is that the girlfriend is so
used to me wearing basketball shorts
that all I have to do is just wear jean
shorts and all of a sudden this is all
dressed up to her some jean shorts and
all of a sudden oh my gosh babe you're
so hot you look so dressed up mile where
are we going
Vegas me what happens in Vegas faces
well happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
except 20 minute vlogs every single day
that we're guys I'm super excited for
tonight because the Sun played tonight
and not only that but the Lakers played
tonight and you might be asking why am I
excited for the Lakers we want to see
what all this long the wall hype is all
about honestly I'm just hoping I could
meet levar I'm more excited to see levar
ball that mondo honestly are you ready
we're going up put your hands up in the
air we're gonna it's a roller coaster
guys they told us got the weather in
London babe Jesus okay that's harder
than if you're pregnant and they told us
the weather in Vegas what did the girls
say like 115 that's
my own consecutive sweat like a baby
because I already sweated san diego
magical figures she hey guys we have
arrived to Las Vegas honestly I can't
wait to see the Sun game later tonight
Josh Jackson marques Chris the dragon
fender Derrick Jones jr. everybody but
I'm most excited to see Josh Jackson
because we just drafted it so I want to
see what he's all about
are you making fun of me okay see ya
guys I can't wait to see John Jackson
and the rest of the sons team that's my
team that's my team
I love the Sun the gate you guys didn't
know I'm a little bit not that much so
like a little out here we are about to
enter the sun's don't play till later
tonight so right now we're just going to
watch a couple other teams until the Sun
play I think the Lakers played later at
night and the sun's play later at night
we're just going to watch a couple other
teams until the main event Phoenix Suns
well the main event for me but not for
anybody else yo guys so I'm walking to
my seat and I meet a huge fan right here
look he has the apparel - thank you bro
enjoy the game wait who's your team hey
Vic hey guys so these are our speed well
these are the Goldstein you're going to
be sitting here for the whole day and
you guys tell me I love basketball come
to put time to come to try now are you
happy we got my boys right here no I
just came to say what to my guys oh you
burn it
I don't know you're going to show up
good thing you paint boys yeah it is my
boy Marty's book bus monkey act amici
what a long kill list oh no good you're
in the market are you for real
I'm for real bro I'm logging it should
be good I was like I I hope and pray to
you thank you both will you think of the
rose in this year
I don't want to bother for a picture cuz
I don't want him to knock me out
ko first round over that would be a good
video I should ask for a picture got
knocked out I got a good tight on thumb
though I don't want to bother him you
can say them
they said
yo guys we're here right now with Quran
there whatever are watching videos if
you're wondering why I stout right now
you want to tell the blog who you are
really I was my pleasure a lot is right
now Thank You row number Li a who's your
team bow own team I see Boston hi I were
here mr. Merriwether himself undefeated
I think you're going to say undefeated
after that next fight
Oh
that's a fire
I just gotta feel the better but only
people's each other running to take
pictures went onto the sonic Deborah
fucker - I feel so wrong for doing this
by hey this little water that overall
party
well good places wild for the Lakers
make your fans are wild look at these
guys
okay lawns over creepy fan oh you got to
get logged under the stage
I wonder dollars to polish do
Lebar got the game ball is right there
the rest put a decade so attempting to
just go dribbling see you tompa how
would for sega kicked out my oh my
goodness okay well never mind then
all the memo
we've no overtime please the son game is
supposed to start I'm trying to watch
the son's game someone hit a
game-winning I don't care Alonzo Ingram
I don't even care
in saloons line down by 342nd plan
it's the show grande over it's a shoe
look along with your favorite reporter
hey I get it back at it one more time
for you guys
hey guys so I'm chillin with Quran and
he just told me how long he's been
stopped for a cellar 300 cane since 300k
it's bro that so long ago thank you bro
I appreciate that what's your favorite
video favorite video let me guess the
burning G B string on Brian
yeah I knew it definitely that Chris
John Chen kun rendered aka the future
will go in Booker and bless them all
fair all third wide-body planes Oh buddy
could you tell you oh nevermind folks
the food
let's go right here for the blonde
Oh fender benders decree m1 on the
airbox going to be nice
come on Josh action three oh man
Lisa was on a jumper
go with that job go with it okay guys I
know earlier in this video I told you
guys I really wanted to meet this man
Lavar ball and unfortunately I didn't
get a chance to meet him he was so busy
the whole time but look at this look
who's that I was in the same vicinity as
the man the myth the legend
Lavar ball thanks to you guys I saw that
because I mentioned how I didn't get a
chance to meet levar and all you guys
started tweeting to me saying bro but
you're right behind it here you're on
the snapchat story of ESPN and I didn't
even notice so I went and checked it out
you guys weren't lying so thanks to you
guys I saw that I breathe the same air
as the legend levar bull he just super
super funny so I wanted to meet him Yoga
I'm here right now to close out this
video and before you guys exit the video
because I know a lot of people want to
get to the outro they just like to close
the video I want to tell you guys please
watch this end part so first and
foremost I'm not a motivational speaker
I'm not an inspirational speaker I'm not
here to act like I'm one but I do want
to speak a little bit so last night
you know I was vlogging up a summer
league a lot of people were tweeting me
pictures saying bro I see you in the
front row you're vlogging the game and
yeah I'd love some League guys I just
watched and I came back to the hotel you
know we're in Las Vegas this is the city
of it it's the city of partying going
out clubbing you know staying out late
doing all this fun stuff and I'm not
trying to brag I'm not trying to act
cool that's all I'm doing but I know a
lot of people in Vegas I know a lot of
people and so last time you know it's a
Friday night in Vegas
summertime everybody's you know
everyone's ready everybody type and I
got so many tips so many invites Brandon
let's go we're about to go out we're
about to how fun we're about to do all
this and you know I simply turned it
down I said yo
I gotta edit my video you know I want to
get this video out for you guys I want
to get this video done and so I came
back to the house everybody I knew here
even some people that you know you'd be
surprised I turn down an invitation from
I'm not going to you notice you'd be
surprised I actually turn on an
invitation to edit this video but I did
and even all my boys are over here they
say that the house but they were out you
know they were doing their thing they
were having fun and I just simply you
know I said no it's okay I gotta get
this video done I came into the room I
closed the door I was tired I started
editing my video around 1:00 in the
morning one end and I didn't fall asleep
till god knows when to want to know how
I fell asleep I fell asleep I said I
fell asleep and woke up I did editing
program was open laptop in my lap and I
just knocked out today I'm so tired so I
don't know what time it was that I
thought maybe 4:00 in the morning maybe
5:00 in the morning I don't know and
then I set an alarm and I woke up at
7:00 a.m. so I could finish my video so
I slept for about two hours and I'm
getting carried away the point I'm
trying to make is that I stay up late
nights doing my videos I wake up early
morning doing my videos I turn down a
bunch of things I turn down a bunch of
invitations a bunch of hang out you know
even while I'm on vacation my own mom
tells me branded don't take your laptop
don't take your camera it's a vacation
so just go have fun relax or get it all
this whole YouTube thing just for a
couple days and just relax
and I simply tell her mom I can't do
that but the point I'm trying to make is
that look at summer league
look what happens you saw all the people
and again I'm not trying to brag at all
but look at all the fans I came up and
took pictures with me all the autographs
I signed all the players that I met all
the people who came and said what's up
to me and I'm just like yo I didn't know
you knew who I was I didn't know that
you watch my videos and that's what
makes all these late night editing all
these early morning editing worth it
yeah I'm not gonna lie it does suck when
all my friends are in Vegas going out
having fun and all my boys are in the
same house having a bunch of fun right
downstairs and I'm upstairs loft in the
room editing my video on vacation I'm
not gonna lie does it suck a little bit
yet but then when I go to events like
the summer league and I see like those H
so worth it and I never
ever regret it I will never ever a day
in my life say oh man
I stayed in to edit the video I wish I
went out I will never say that and you
want to know what because look what
happens when I go out to places like
that
these NBA players know me like any
players know what head butts so crazy
and ridiculous to me and like all the
fans that all the pictures I took in and
you think all these players would a new
me you think that's how it would be if I
just slacked off and I didn't put work
into my videos and I never really
uploaded consistently no yo the point
I'm trying to make guys I don't know I
think I'm just speaking off my head and
I'm probably not making any sense the
point I'm trying to make hard work pays
off
hard work freakin pays off that's all
I'm trying to say I had so many chances
to go out but though you see it's all
worth it but always always and I will
never ever ever regret a day in my life
that I turned down invitations and I
turned down hanging out so I could edit
my videos because it's worth it I don't
know if that made sense I'm not trying
to be some inspirational speaker or
whatever but I just wanted to let you
guys know that that yeah I do stay up
late I barely get any sleep and I wake
up early mornings just again my videos
don't freak out but at the same time I
never regret it because it's all worth
it friggin Floyd Mayweather go Isiah
Thomas like freakin you guys are to know
the whole Sun she broke like talking to
all the Sun players is so normal to me
at this point I didn't even bring my
camera out like I was talking to TJ
Warren Ghirardelli Tyler you'll Devin
Booker Allen Williams like Ed Marquis
Kris and I don't even take the camera
out because like it's I don't know guys
it's so crazy and all the work I put
into my videos I'm not trying to sing
and act like I'm the hardest work in the
world but all the work that I do put in
it's definitely worth it I'm just so
blessed man like I'm really really
blessed and I never take any of this
stuff for granted like I know that I'm
blessed and it's crazy guys it's really
crazy anyway before I close this video
out I just wanted to say that the
courtside seats that I got for yesterday
summer league event they were sold out
within the first hour that they went on
sale so you might be asking Brendan how
did you get that seat geek sent me those
tickets
seeking if it wasn't for you guys I
would not have had the time of my life
that I had yesterday so thank you guys
so so much for sending me out there
the seats were unbelievable everybody
from Tiki when you watch the blog I'm
sure you see I had the time of my life I
had a smile on my face the whole time
and for everybody out there if you guys
are wondering cg is the place to go for
tickets they have the best deals and my
favorite feature of the app is that they
show you when you're getting ripped off
find the ticket and they show you when
you're getting a good deal when you're
getting a good deal for the price turns
green that means violence when you're
getting ripped off it turns red I don't
know another ticket company that
actually helps you not get ripped off
and tell you when you're getting ripped
off and on top of all that if you use my
promo code be a that's it just to let it
be a then you get $20 back on your first
purchase I will be at the summer league
on Sunday so if you don't want to catch
me there and you don't have your tickets
you could click the link in the
description down below and get your
tickets from C key and also get $20 back
on your first purchase so please don't
do that anyway thank you guys so so much
for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed this video I feel like it was
one of my funnest vlog I have the time
of my life and until next time guys but
what is I'm out peace out guys oh wait I
forgot to say and to all the fans I met
yesterday at the thermally I love you
guys really I really do
