so where's ta I missed a little conman
she's coming back later today there's e
ya know can't wait to see me thank ring
part two but so I'm gonna prank I love a
gay man guys I woke up this morning
missing TA I don't know where he went I
woke up looking for I can't find him
hopefully ta makes a return to the
waters residence soon we mix him over
here but he actually was cute like yeah
he remind me of a devil and it was a
scary moment of my life but honestly he
was cute really out no don't get a
technique Bosley you seem ta I missed
that little critter where's my mom take
me to her I don't know where she is
mother mother rug Bosley where's my mom
oh let's see what Brandon aka bruh wat
it does when he has a flight tomorrow
that leaves at 7:00 in the morning let's
see how much I packed guys imagine the
snake pops out from the damn suitcase
look at this guy's
I have a flight that leaves at 7 a.m.
and I haven't even started packing what
where's my mom did you find her body I
don't know where she's at
I'm just wondering uh have you seen TA
yeah yeah I miss him or her or whatever
you wanna call Tony
yeah please I miss him mom I didn't even
really get a chance to say bye loser
confessional you do still ugly you're
the special okay so yeah guys that needs
to be packed very very soon
typical Brandon aka per watt is waiting
until the very last second to tax front
gosh is Bosley literally Michael Myers
Bosley you're not a scary bro mom why
should I start packing
guys we get to the mall we just showed
up and look whose car I see whose car do
you think that it just answer it is
rugrat that's so funny babe how many
times up we came to the mall to friendly
and we keep I in here now we go on the
hunt for Brian okay guys so we just got
to the mall I am rug biggest fan and I
swear I just saw a road car outside I'm
pretty sure that his eye knows license
plate just I'm and I'm his biggest fan
and I swear he's here so I can't wait to
meet him hopefully we get to meet him
who's that who's that Bosley
Bobby tank day state Bosley
we don't like paparazzi no rug can I
believe your picture just one
I thought your car I know one's yours
from the license plate let's go thanks
girl yeah mom man nice to meet you again
big big fan I'm Brandon man hey bro bro
you can't do that
what that's my Porsche last time Sherman
said no pictures you didn't so you can
eat my food
ah so I got the kids I got the kids you
might be wondering Brandon why are you
at the mall you haven't even started
packing yet
well that's because when I go to Vegas I
must still be playing basketball I'm
going to be playing a lot of basketball
they're just good I'm on vacation
doesn't mean I stopped playing
basketball everyday so on I came here to
buy some basketball shorts several yeah
you want to be in the vlog like I shout
out to this dude what's your name yeah
jack nice to meet you Ron
you didn't compliment my hair I just got
a haircut Brian what do you mean no I
did I just got back from the barbershop
Brian if I didn't get a haircut for two
months I'll look like a cave me I'm like
Geico commercials okay so what do I we
should play like you already on came we
should do it I think we're like if I win
you can't get a haircut for a month
fine we must worse than the snake print
you quit yes it is okay but wait that
doesn't change the fact you didn't
compliment my haircut thanks brother
okay guys so I showed up to the mall to
buy basketball shorts but honestly I
might have to buy some white shoes
because these aren't even Y anymore
these are pretty much black so I might
buy some white shoes I don't know I've
had these for a while do you don't like
my babies oh my goodness we go dirty are
my shoes white with black spots or black
with white spots oh my goodness
if you kick somebody pants would be you
know that that would hurt
it's so Kirk ice is gonna kill me but I
forgot the name wait what are these oh
those four words I think but I'm
checking if they have my size if they do
have a shout-out to Kai's because he was
asking me to get either one when we went
to his sneaker con and I might finally
caught them today
if they fail of course the heipiess who
did we come in here for we came in your
socket by basketball shorts issues and
of course Brides already at the register
and I'm you even tried on one shoe Brian
wild they happy and they look nice but I
think the size is too big they're like a
size too big I'm a size 11 and they only
have a 12
and look super soap those a little big
right now okay guys so I'm just waiting
the Papas sneakerheads opinion the
master sneakerheads bliss so I've sent
contra snapchat and I'm waiting for his
yes or no before I buy these yokai
it's just a yes or no they look nice
Anthony I'm trying to send us into
habitat bro they look nice but they're
little big what do you think these cost
you gotta hurry up the mall closes
really soon I got to go pack you got to
let me know if these are yes or no bro
yo Anthony so I have some very very bad
news like I feel so bad for you like you
know how will that one time Devin Booker
came to our house and you weren't there
so you missed him Booker you think that
was that like that's nothing you missed
TA yesterday yeah this th ball python
don't Laura no the ball pythons name is
ta you missed him he was here you could
have you could have met ta brand nuts
that's my stuff ta was coming you didn't
talk about Anthony honestly though if
you have talks number just let him know
to bring ta cuz I'm missing I'm serious
I want that video oh my god like your
face
Yippity how scared would you be I will
not leave that scared Anthony are you
stupid I have a full beat of you know
what that is a phobia is when you're
scared freaking in a condo yeah I used
to always make you watch anaconda hated
oh how funny or he's watching the prank
again oh hey Anthony look everyone's
enjoyment is my pain my pain is
everybody's joy everyone gathering
around to watch it like it's a damn
comedy blood guys oh my goodness just
look oh my goodness there swing there
Anthony you wonder why my dad hates you
this is why so where's ta Oh guys a
bunch of people were like wondering if
me and Brian are cool now or me and
Brian are talking cute I'm just joking
guys
no yes you know uh guys at the end of
the day like it's just
hey like bran I feel something yes
really quick let's just go over all the
warnings I gave my brother about a snake
prank like how many times you have to
warn someone and they still do it Brian
this just proves no matter what I tell
you like there's if you still didn't
listen after all these warnings coming
up in this clip then you're never going
to listen to anything I say for the rest
of my life I warned him every single day
for the past year not to do a snail ever
you're going to show you did probably
like a thousand more clips but you can't
find like all those yes I'll just show
you a couple of times when I told Brian
hey Brian you're my brother please don't
make a snake to the house and what
happens anyways thank you - Jackie
thinks my mom thinks my dad's Brian know
how kill again I'll end up going to jail
no you're not on the animal okay then
you would kill me so if you would kill
me cuz I'll jump off with your bird you
choose and I'll kill you
that's just as clean as I on guarding
guys I already have it planned out with
Brian edirol mistake I'll jump off the
roof whether I lived or not who knows we
have great footage that they all die
guys I don't have to sing it back you
all know my brother he is super super
scared of snake even off camera I'll go
in his room and he'll turn around super
fast and he's like where's the snake
keeping I just finished getting a
haircut are you coming home not that a
snake breathe hey hey stop Brennan rig
it's a ball python
are you ready here no here so now that
you guys saw those clips of my brother
completely ignoring everything I've ever
told them for our whole lives me and
Jackie have something to show you guys
so yesterday when we went to visit the
old house for the last time we actually
found something very very special and
they might not mean that much to you
guys but to us they mean so much so far
our one-year anniversary we printed out
almost every single picture we ever took
together that whole one year of dating
every single picture that pretty much
meant something we went and printed it
out and a couple months ago we were kind
of like looking for the pictures and we
had no idea where they were I couldn't
find that Jackie had no idea where she
put them so we were like damn we thought
we lost the pictures we're like we're
never going to get them
they met so much to us they had so much
value to us and we thought we lost them
and then yesterday when we were going
through our stuff at the old house we
found all the pictures either the best
say I actually have been like looking
for them that was like really upset
because I couldn't find them anywhere
and there's like hundreds of pictures
you look good without makeup on camera
yeah you look good so we found the
pictures and we want to go over some of
them with you so god Jackie found my
baby or not in my baby
good what look out tiny I was on our
basketball team so look out tall
everyone else was and then there's me
look hold me here I was 14 so I was in
high school right here God can you
believe this that was me in high up
freshman in high school I looked so
little that's crazy but godliness look
me and Brian with holy shit my head was
so big my head was huge
it was like George Lopez okay guys so
we're bringing everything to the new
house and look Jackie decided to keep
these for herself can you show them not
being up here Jackie had to carry these
with her own hand she didn't want anyone
else to Katie's yeah like wait ah Jackie
put a caption on this reader guys wait
we look so young here it was only a
couple months ago actually oh my gosh
guys we look so different before that's
so crazy guys looked when I was actually
happy in this relationship
I'm just joking guys this one place
favorite that's when my happiness was
like starting to come down look this was
super happy in the relationship then
this was me trying to fake it like still
trying to fake be happy and then this is
when I decided like what I am now just
okay looking through our pictures and
then I find this know how that guy in
the pile honestly
but wait please everybody look at my
lineup from Laura babe I think that
wasn't like 9th grade - it was like a
four night raid so I guess - honestly
wasn't that long ago guys I won't my
goodness how did it get in that stack of
pictures honestly I don't know I'm
confused so you put it there some of the
day you okay then you know everything
now you're just thinking oh my goodness
guys we found the picture from when
Jackie let me do her makeup this is so
crazy they brought it up with you and
your captions look guys so Jackie
captioned this one - a picture of me and
ice cream as you captioned it still
hungry for both which one were you
hungry for more it's time to go to bed
it's 1:00 in the morning come hey guys
how's it going away my dad's gonna kill
me or do for editing the video - well
guys it's 1:00 in the morning
look mom when you watch the video
tomorrow I know you made me better I
know how I'm supposed to be packed but I
think the sales video God every time I
go on vacation I always make a promise
to the fourth wall to you guys that I
try not to miss any upload while I'm on
vacation
so tonight I'm trying to get my video
done before I go to sleep and it's
getting really late it's what's it like
I like 1:30 honest it's like 1:00 in the
morning or tuna
don't even know but I'm trying to finish
my video after I finish my video I got
to upload it and render it and I got to
do all that tonight because our flight
you got seven in the morning so I don't
have time to do tomorrow and then I got
a pack but oh yeah
why don't you agree not mention where we
were going God we're going to Las Vegas
for the NBA Summer League and so many
people have tweeted at me asking if I
was going to go I will be meeting so
many of you out there and if you guys
have ever met me in person I love
meeting you guys I just love meeting the
people who support me so if you guys are
going to be there do not be shy - say
what - do not be shy I'll repeat that
many times
come say what's up take a picture and I
can't wait to meet you that and I also
can't wait to watch the Phoenix Sun it's
going to be a great time you guys know I
mean I love basketball so I can't wait
I'll be there tomorrow I'm probably not
gonna get any sleep since I could finish
this video
politics I'm still happy to leave
tomorrow wait before we close this video
can we go over some more of the pictures
of them yeah let's just God look okay so
Jackie's gonna kill me I think she's
ready for bed okay let's see oh wait
look I want to show you guys these so
these pictures are the first time me and
Jackie ever went to an NBA game
it was the Clippers verse Blazers and I
made Jackie where Phoenix Suns gear so
look in the suns weren't even playing
and we wore Phoenix Suns gear Jackie was
like babe I don't think we should do it
and I'm like babe come on look we're at
the Clippers are barely ever said son
these pictures were from our first trip
to Las Vegas our first time ever I feel
like it's fitting to show you guys
because where we going tomorrow Las
Vegas so there's this oh my god is this
the first time I ever dressed up in my
life lesson here is a certification and
then there's also the first trip in Las
Vegas look it's just so classy like
marine roads you know it just it's like
this is the future when we're married
we're going to be home like I love that
this was our first trip to Disneyland
together
Oh what are these myself
babe why did we protect you to be by
myself I don't understand
because acute since we're going to some
early tomorrow here is last year summer
league because we want to assembly
glassier I feel like we look so good
friend in my safe like that this is when
I hit one mill and I speak and held the
balloon backwards look it says m1 but
yeah that's when I hit one girl one of
the proudest moments of my whole entire
life okay why is this weeping in here oh
you made a video oh and I'm like who the
hell took the picture this was like in
the beginning of me and Jackie dating so
this is like when I was film bears to
like show her how I did the thumbnails
so instead of tiger okay baby I need a
thumbnail so just so I go to sleep like
to get one I literally waited until she
really fell asleep and I'm like okay let
me take it so big I was too embarrassed
till I tell her yo this is how you tell
Mia they thought they don't have to
close to her with a cookie she got super
mad actually because she really going to
suppose God it was like it's only a
couple months into our relationship and
she really thought I was going to
propose yeah you're like all in love
with me oh this is one Jackie made me
try on her fake eyelashes I did not
think you fucking time no okay I put
them on myself okay are you happy I hope
one of the biggest okay I just lied
Jackie me me me try it I know you like
now that's very good yeah this is this
explains Brandon and Jacqueline yeah
like I want that picture in civil and
this picture is the best one out of all
of them Brandon aka robotics with the
goat not Devin Booker but the goat
honestly this was the first time Bosley
ever slept next to me on my bed and wait
you know what I just noticed almost all
these pictures and our old house no yes
that's yeah I was wearing the same shirt
but at our old house god I miss old
house so much but anyways I would do a
super super long outro and just keep on
talking like I always do but I got to do
the video and then start packing hey a
lot of people would be like yo you know
I got a flight tomorrow and it's super
late right now I'll just skip a day I
won't upload but no I told you that
every time I go on vacation I don't want
to miss a day for you guys even if it
takes me not sleeping for the whole
entire night I'll stay up just so I
could get this video done for you guys
tomorrow by the way you guys usually I
help them talk but he always likes to do
it himself so he doesn't let me touch
anything usually I'm like hello I'm
ready like let me just pack it for you
like a whole like baby for but he just
he doesn't sell so I'm IND epen de NT
independent I'm just good at filming ok
guys so I really do hope you enjoyed
today's video
I don't know I'm editing the vlog and I
actually laughed out loud at a lot of
parts so I feel like it's a really funny
blog if it's not funny then maybe I'm
just weird but I do hope you got into it
if you are going to be at assembly I
can't wait to meet you guys and if
you're not going to be at Summer League
don't worry I'm going to be vlogging the
whole thing and I'm going to be sitting
courtside so you will be getting corsage
blogs of the NBA Summer League and I'm
gonna try my best to make it feel like
you guys are right there with me drop a
like for Brian completely ignoring
everything I ever told him about not
bringing a snake home and he still
brought it thank you so much for
watching subscribe if you are new they
you just go to sleep I know you're dead
tired don't even try to stay up for me
to finish my video now usually she saved
up for a while I do my video so that we
could sleep together but babe today I'm
telling you it might be up all night so
oh my god is this picture following me
everywhere she the freaking one of me
with the crooked line up in the Chargers
Jersey
Jackie keeps begging me to let her pack
for me and I'm just like babe you want
to know the real reason I don't want you
to tag for me it's because when you're
someone like me who has such a variety
like I wear different things every
single day I never wear the same shirt
you don't know what I want to wear in
Vegas I'm not the type of people who
wear just was here you know like this
year I've only wore like once in my life
you know and then this one I've only
wore once in my life where is it oh my
god where is it I'm looking for the blue
bottom
okay I'm not going to Vegas where is it
hold on guys okay
this started out like oats right here I
was about to say this started as a joke
but now it's serious
yeah babe so this sure like I've only
wore once in my life and then oh my god
where's the famous oh this year I've
only wore like once in my life so I
would let you pack for me but you just
don't know what I like to wear I'm very
you know I'm very hard to pack for
because I like to wear a lot of
different clothes
