what's going on you guys Brandon here
ako okay discuss is the one enthusiastic
you know what is going on you guys
Brandon here AKA april on it and today i
am bringing you guys a brand new video
so this morning my family actually got
word that today is the last day we'll be
able to visit our own house oh thanks
very much today pretty much the last day
we have that house so for those who
don't know if you're new to this channel
me and my family lived in this other
house for 17 years pretty much our whole
life and we just moved last month into a
new house and so today is the last day
we have to go see your old house just to
i guess say goodbye it sounds weird
because it's not a human to house but we
all want to go say goodbye so right now
me and Jackie are about to go visit the
old house for the last time and I'm not
gonna like super emotional say what's up
you in the fall thank you to hit it
Bible but he confronted me he said I'm a
huge fan of you supporters what are you
post a vlog in sedation and I was like
sorry I couldn't upload yesterday wait
before we go to the old house though I'm
going to go get a burrito from my
favorite place that I used to get a
burrito from everyday and now I haven't
been there so long so I'm going to go
all the workers are going to be like
you're alive they all they're all going
to miss me I think where they're happy
that I'm gone I don't know guys we are
here I can just smell the old burritos
that I used to get you don't know how
many years of my life this place has cut
off like all the burritos I've ate from
here probably cut off about 12 years
from my life and we're back why do you
want anything
California burrito easy on the pico de
gallo and add sour cream Oh guys by the
way and I took all the burritos that
I've made from there have cost me like
twelve years of my life but I don't
regret any burrito that I ate like
that's how good they were I know that
it's cost me my life and I don't regret
any of them oh my god the basketball
hoop oh my you know what I can't even
park them
ah God you don't know how many buckets
have been stored on this basketball
everything's out of the kit seven better
play than that remember freaking spite
and I lost together look at all these
hoops you know it cannot be Brian on
this everything's for kids boys and
crazy look how crazy you literally look
like the kids when they don't want their
parents to leave and they stick on the
legs you're crazy
I won't know that ball moves through the
house I only came here to see the hoop
oh my god they're gonna have to get rid
of it
No so where's it gonna go I'll find in
the home I think it's gonna get rid of
no I'll find them a home trust me key
I'll find you a home we have neighbors
down the street they're like little kids
and they like to play basketball so I
told them that we'll leave the hoop over
here for them so I guess we kind of
donated it today it was hard but I
remember all the times I would just come
back from the gym literally just ten
minutes away and come home oh my gosh
this is so emotional
oh man I'm gonna miss all the times my
mom misspelled words on the boss's
Halloween costumes look everything just
looks so empty now Brian's room oh man
oh wait everything is just it's so sad
look at this guy's all the pictures and
paintings and lollies we still got the
table to eat our burritos wait I want to
go see my room before we eat imagine the
rooms aren't painted orange and purple
anymore like somehow they just
diminished oh my goodness hello boo my 1
mil plaque take this back to the house
today guys today is the last day we need
to take everything I just missed this
air babe it smells like my old room
because I am in my old room
ready nobody told Brian to buy a longer
time Jesus in this very room this is
where I started my youtube channel this
is where I made my account no almost I
was living in this house when me and
Jackie first started dating living in
this house when I graduated high school
when I went to college was just
everything guys
yeah we got an empty everything L babe
the bathroom but before I started dating
you you don't know how many times I
freeze yet in the shower
what do you mean why you're imperfect
like you do this was a gig oh man this
is so fab guy babe I swear I think I'm
just going crazy or something but it
smelt like the smell is just smells like
my old house me and Jackie have marked
every single territory of this house no
I don't mean we peed on everything hmm
even the burrito just tastes like the
old house but even tastes like the old
house hmm I love this house I don't want
to leave guys we actually just got word
Jackie just got off the phone with this
person a very very special guest is
actually coming here to say goodbye to
the house we didn't even know about this
until Jackie got a phone call and when
they come through that door the special
guest has arrived Bosley you remember
this house oh hey guys
wait it's the spider-man meme babe you
know the spider-man you yeah Bosley you
know once we got to the colder day he
knew Bosley you remember this place
like when you talk you can hear your
echo because there's it's so empty now
that's what I hate oh my gosh Bosley
just wants the burrito now he said screw
the house we got Bosley while we were
living here so this is this is Bosman
home and he's finally back here for the
last time that he's the same old
he just wants the burrito from the table
Kimmy fat so us humans aren't the only
people who came to say goodbye to the
house guys look my dad used to always
stay here and watch Netflix on a TV that
isn't even here anymore
this was Bosley's favorite spot to relax
he would sit right here and watch the
cards canal for whatever reason he
doesn't want to go on the couch because
he's acting brand-new come here Bosley
let's go on the couch guys and the thing
I'm going to miss the most is finding my
used oil wipes all over the house mom I
think that's the reason you moved to
stop finding these guys Bosley is being
stubborn right now come on oh I know he
does he knows the burritos I saw on the
table Bosley we brought you here to
reminisce in the moment of the old house
not so I could eat burrito
look who's watching the cars he used to
actually take naps in between here like
his body used to fit here and then he
got super fat when he got older
hey guys Bosley it's time to leave and I
can't find Brandon anywhere do you guys
know where Brandon is oh really I can't
find him
what are you doing it's time to go no no
no no no what let's go come on come on
big butt come on I love this room
baby you're literally sitting on a like
a block Oh God
so hard but you got to make sacrifices
oh my god mom I don't want to leave he
rarely does hide along doesn't wanna
move either yes my mom is missing this
house I like my desk here my dad laughs
emotion
oh yeah I'll take your time say your
goodbyes come early
what goodbye my mom even you're not you
are at least I got someone for me Hey
she took the ones that she thought and
she says for me number one work for the
strip club waiter tonight one shame on
you
okay bye babe
come on let's go are we gonna take my
walnut the house or you probably y'all
do right now I'm sorry bye come on bro
I'm saying bye and you got more roots
from the time that I left he doesn't
even say bye anymore it is out with the
old and in with the new I said out with
the old in with the new because the last
clip was at the house at the old house
get it yeah I'm about to go see me no I
didn't cry I almost cried it's so that
my mom did cry no I didn't cry I wanted
to cry if the camera was on out I
probably cried I don't want this to get
misunderstood and I feel like Brian
thinks the same way just because we say
how much we miss the old house we're
still super super blessed and super
lucky to be able to live in a house like
this like so I don't want people to
think just cuz we miss the old house I
don't want people to think Oh Brandon is
not grateful to be living in a nice
house no this house is obviously nicer
it's much bigger it's just that the old
house had so so many memories and it's
really sad and emotional 17 years of
living Dix
we know we're really grateful to be
living in a house like this so I don't
want that to get misunderstood part
don't be hot the belt oh I've heard you
say to get clothes
Brian I'm shaking you can't do this to
me Brian
where is she he's hard
I told Brian are you mad at Jackie
because she's in on this bridge I want
it x-play I wasn't I told
I wasn't I wanted her come back Kevin
you know I want to have a car in the
driveway show me the snake from the
windows okay well you're supposed to be
right this isn't fun let me feel your
higher this is something that could hurt
self Brian oh my god all right okay
where is this name no he's actually gone
cuz Brian I tried it on I swear I'm not
going to like anymore look where is the
stage I downstairs come know that come
look down on your knee so important
because it is funny
hey hey don't mind me yes thanks to
Scott no it's literally on enemy
Airlines done Brian why would you do
that Ali's come get a good look at I
don't have 30 teeth others may have to
cheat say this come come
ah he's gonna drink this easy hey Rayna
be careful BJ uh-oh
oh yeah they want to be in attention yes
okay Brian kitchen my kitchen it was oak
you know keep them out right you got
harvoni he buys you told me you guys I
know he's not biting me because alright
ready get off the room all right we
gotta like moving for a thumbnail right
right no listen all you're going to do
see on the roofless are clearly just
behind okay let me tell you something
hands are for years let me tell you
something
ball python they come straight they buy
memories no okay okay all right I'm
calling that is a funny-looking so he'll
you guys wait again after about an hour
right it's cause Brandon's yelling okay
if you like if you don't do already
ahead so don't put his arm don't play
here no no hold it like good I'll go
like yeah just put it back in the bowl
great very much Megan will just make
sure when they're experienced they bite
I'm serious
pick up when you get done by why I'm not
inviting me and I'm cool there's just no
way babe
stay back well I want together if you
leave it if you leave them in my room is
going to attract mice and everything and
we still together
it's gonna attract the other snakes I
swear we live in a mountain now well
this is a funny bow both snakes want to
hear a lot of yelling they bite because
they get aggravated I've been screaming
this whole time he's gonna bite me
obviously he knows I'm screaming he
knows I'm scared it's all phony which is
good oh I'm sweating so much and I just
showered
let me see you hurt tarik oh my heart is
nothing you cannot grow up are we still
together even dollars in it I'm not
going to talk to you guys what he put it
on the floor he's my mom keep baby I
don't want to record anymore you like
I'm why you're such a baby talking so
cute oh look Brian look why are you on
the bed barn you scaredy cat
look park you know when the head is
cocked back like that it's gonna strike
many house company we do the outro
Brian oh god don't don't you feel bad
for this Brian Brian Brian Brian
just leave him leaving baby you're so
scared why wait where's my dog I think
that Brian it could buy it Brian it
doesn't matter they could bite and then
squeeze that's what they do
oh it came I told you
Brian you mad enough it obviously turned
around casinos I'm going like screaming
he knows I'm the most scared by touching
me for beau oh my gosh no it's gonna
it's gonna eat the kettle corn
Brian where'd the kettle corn Carl can
you just answer why do you have a snake
why can't you get a dog or a cat why do
you okay so what a tarp plug bro sorry
yeah okay but talk to the pranks over
pick him up and go out the door Tarek
horrible I'm wearing that I could sprain
my ankle okay I want to see you out
there Tarek no you're going to put
something in the box that's not the
snake and you're gonna leave the snake
in the room wait I want to see the snake
I love snakes alright guys hope you
enjoy it other than ice and rug right I
want you to hold the snake know what
guys Oh
Oh Brian I've told you so many times
just not the snake prank oh my gosh what
the hell is wrong with Mike you go
Brian why would you fight what's more
important family relationships or a
prank
look now I have a damn snake well Brian
we pay for this house that means it's
our rules and my rules that we know
snakes wrong no he's not where's the I
want to see you in the bond market
opening where's okay why would you leave
open you think the snake can't crawl out
no way but where is the bugs somewhere
here
I'm serious it's too hot for the snake
in the garage
I think you should leave put it there
fuck you that's a good night they're not
good I'm not going to are they scared
ever okay no just don't just wear it in
the box can you feel from the outside
wall or the bucket fine fine fine he's
in bed okay just open it I just want to
I just want to record him for my vlog
because you didn't say bye to the board
school
right don't touch me whoa I did it I
didn't either be one back target headed
in the position to start what is that
look around the paper towel because I
just said it
we're great lady freak without wanting a
snapchat we can just get it from your
editing program please Brian Brian
please
well hello oh my god guys I finally
pulled the snake frame don't you have
any feelings for the dog
what if the snake is coming to a dog I
know it's okay buddy you can sleep in my
room I'm honestly in shock right now
okay I'm trying to sit next time any
you're not too good
yeah watch that you could bring the
snake out of his back pocket and put it
on my neck right I want you right now if
you want me to talk to you again I want
you to put the snake around your neck
and make out with it
Park go Brian make out the snake tongue
to tongue okay honestly did you call me
a flippy
I don't care call me a push you on this
video call me put you on Brian's video I
have a fear of snakes I don't like
snakes I don't care how big it is I
don't care how small it is I don't like
snakes so call me whatever you want
I don't care usually I try to explain
myself Oh guys volleyball there's no
explanation I'm scared of snakes there's
a snake in my damn house so I jumped on
the roof case closed you see in the
world Brian's my heart was waiting 9:25
wondering what why would I thought I
didn't do it on me fine please record my
armpits I just show oh they're really
not bad yes what the hell and I wish you
could see my heart what do we like to
show do it like this
weird talk so you're talking to Jackie
but not me no I'm not oh who are you
calling babe I'm done who else you just
come close to everybody right now my mom
and dad okay I'm up for adoption
oh look at them sitting in the backyard
like nothing just happy oh my dad mom
and Tara like nothing happened I like
how you guys are sitting having a good
time like your son didn't just die
almost
mara I'm not even scared the honestly
the snake was so cute what's his name
GA that just sounds like a snake I would
buy it
Oh TA bit me wait you name the snake
after you thorak tarik why would you oh
my
Flores I think Todd needs the tattoo
stay humble
tarus not no one touched me for you it's
still like yeah it is actually
oh my gosh okay guys so I'm here right
now to the outside to this video with my
ex-girlfriend and my ex brother hey X
days right you know you could still be
say don't you can keep doing all these
marvelous pranks on Kara keep going but
I'm not in your thumb scared of like the
revenge praying on it
there's no no revenge Mike I'm done with
this shit Brian I just have a fear of
things but you know some people have a
fear of flying and a fear of water
I my fear my Soviet wait let me lock the
door Paul me yeah my phobia is just
snake I don't know
so anyways guys I hope you enjoyed know
I hope you didn't enjoy it this was a
game on my life I thought take you guys
want to check out the full reaction like
from the homies prime look don't you
feel bad for me I was editing my videos
I was getting to work so I could finish
my video early so I can go play that's
all critics they've asked me to play
basketball so I'll try to finish my
videos to go play the sport I love and I
hear Brian Brandon come here quick
fucking over the driver not expected
nigga when do I ever call you saying
Brandi coming a clinic
there's a fucking serpent straight from
Adam and Eve's on the damn bore of my
frickin house like right hon like we
paid like our money into this house
therefore I have my rules - and my rules
are no whatever guys I broke the rules
Brian I thank you ok guys I hope you
enjoyed wait I thought they I do feel
bad for making you feel bad yeah no guys
I felt bad because yeah like I hate
snakes I'm super scare them but there's
still like they have feelings I'm
serious and it looks super scared
because our screaming Jackson screaming
brighness everybody was screaming and it
looks really really scared so two
reasons one I felt bad because like I
don't know it looked so sad like imagine
Bobby's in fast
I'm serious but you might laugh because
I was so scared but I do feel really bad
and second I felt bad for myself because
when snakes are scared they bite I
regret screaming close to the snake
because I got was super scared anyways
guys
it was Julius may your honor on me cool
in here just so I can wipe my sweat on
you guys thank you so much for watching
this video check out the full reaction
on Brian's channel if you guys want to
see that I don't even remember what
right I'd like to look at it at first
and you like looks like without ain't no
pros real or biggest and then you're
like no you're not gonna jump off Scott
this is not gonna jump off first I never
realized how high it was Brian
so you're legit gonna jump you know how
I ended up on the roof that's only
because I was going to get on here and
jump off but look how high that kick it
might not look on camera but this is
freaking this is too hot so that's when
I just got on the roof so anyway guys
but what the hell was the beginning of
this vlog how do you was when we went to
the old house guys I'm like oh I'm
delirious like I'm losing it right now I
can't remember what my vlog started
waves but yeah we're going to miss the
old house I can't even talk right now I
need to go freaking I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thanks so much for
watching drop a like if you enjoy it
please drop a like please that was the
best prank ever
I need a revenge prank forget what I
said earlier I need a revenge prank
babe what are you come to kick us love
reverse rate oh yeah keep it up okay bye
guys thank you for watching
one thing burn one thing I ask to be one
thing just know snake-print that's that
but hey well you got to do it for the
band yeah it was just a praying guy I'll
forgive my brother eventually like in 20
years or 30 years I'll forgive him one
day
