no no come here hey guys I want to be
the camera man I just want to let you
guys know thank you okay so I know who
to blame if the recording is shaky me
recording shaky what what's going on
right now just doing the intro the
infamous likes it like blaziken but are
you going to record our talk sorry okay
there's a casting couch now guys what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka bruh
waters and Jack Jack : it is fourth of
July everybody so I hope everyone's
having an amazing 4th of July well by
the time you watch it it's not for the
July anymore so let me rephrase that I
hope everybody had an amazing fourth of
July and me and what you guys are out
having fried why you laughing because
you messed up like 10 tight well you
guys are out having fun for the fourth
of July you know hanging out with family
barbecuing watching fireworks I am going
to be taught how to swim not just school
doesn't go a minute guys I've only been
in this pool one time how long are we
live nearby a month and a half I've only
been here one time because I don't know
how to swim I know a lot of people think
it's crazy but no I get swimming like 3
p.m. for PD but once it gets to the end
the six feet that's what it's deadly
Jackie I don't know how to swim I know
how to swim in something else and not
before
Oh June icky Jackie loves swimming she
goes every single day she's the female
Michael Phelps
so for those who don't know it starts
with Domino's three feet four feet it
gets to the middle of X Y Z and then
near the end where goes curves
that's where six feet so Jackie is going
to attempt to teach me how to swim in
the deep end and your motivation is the
view because if you get all the way
there you get to enjoy that nice view
I'm going to enjoy the view of the
paramedics like today or when I dress
yeah but Jackie could save you I saved
my dad from drowning
yeah Brian you're going to need to jump
in with your zebra no no no K not the
Zebras come on I'll call my mom or dad
did oh wait they can't swim oh one of
you guys drown I'm not jumping in I'm
just saying no I'm just kidding okay
it's weird I know I'm I don't know how
to swim I don't know I never learned so
today we're going to test and for those
who saw my video when I jumped in the
pool I jumped in the middle I stayed
close but today I'm going to attempt it
on the end so without for
to do babe strip strip down everybody no
no no no right oh yeah yeah listen Jack
you're gonna be in a bikini this whole
video Brian I'm worried about this right
no I'm gonna look like I problem I want
you to focus on filming the videos like
you could look but just still focus on I
feel like the camera angles going to be
like this with Brian he's going to be
staying at Jackie and the camera angle
is just going to be like down like or up
like come on okay Brian let's do it
there we go happy fourth of July
everybody I'm ready preparing for my dad
find my motivation is of you I can see
the view from here perfectly yeah but
it's nicer when you get to it and all
day and guys a lot of you guys who have
a lot of you guys are happy on snapchat
use these it's so bad I don't know how
to swim that I go in the hot tub when
it's like 100 degrees I can't do now
I've been in that hot tub when it's a
hundred degrees outside just because I
don't know how to swim way I want to
jump it away from you I have to face
this way and be like time to pushing me
finally gonna get some meal yeah right
let me get some different angles there
we go
push him and push him to the edge
Brendan's gonna adapt to this video
Brendan I'm already sweating let's get
the show on the road okay
I'll jump guys she doesn't know how to
swim awesome Elvis yeah don't jump in
the deep end Brian good you think I'm
scared of water
aah Hey oh my god 3 2 to do it should I
do for the bank do it for the vine
oh my mama ain't raised no wait for
shorts where I'm gonna drop in just hit
my feet not enough it's deep yeah don't
jump in the middle middle no oh she just
spit in the water it Jackie have some
respect
Jackie she's probably the type that pees
in the water
okay let me up let me down Brian three
two what the go it's hot it's so hot out
the ploy Java floor is lava five four
three two one
oh you want a deep end getting Jackie
where the deep end I told you why am i
floating hey peep over there
I forgot the floating eye cover on your
arm you know the one that goes like
there huh what I know how to swim like
this you know when you tip your feet up
in the air and you pick them up that is
swimming
yeah what about when you can't touch the
floor with you that's what I'm saying
that's how I drown oh I have to be so
bad okay
I've already peed once in the pool but
not on anybody
what how many times have you been
swimming like a lot Brian only peed one
time in this one he closed every day
I've only been in here one time and I
peed the one time that I pray is right
now no but I don't pee in the hot tub
because I go in there a lot in my bed I
don't pee in my bed ready let's go to
Debbie oh don't drop me if you drop me
we break up no pressure okay wait I want
to be slow like I'm human I can't slowly
get on your back I don't want to be the
instructor here this is girlfriend
teaches boyfriend but Brian's the
cameraman for those things like get out
yeah Brandon my girl I know you're not
gonna pull like that you know I can't no
written Brandon's head is the shape of a
pizza okay okay okay watch let me fall I
don't even need help lunch you don't
know oh my god okay what are you doing
the water goes in your ears then you
have to sleep on that side okay you
float magician quiz angel look you can
do for more than five seconds five
seconds five seconds one two three four
five you can't use your hands
Brian we're not magicians okay okay I
thought you can just regularly flow on
your back bed careful you're gonna take
my head
watch this Oh piffle because the way you
actually are wait what vomited yeah
Brendan you're in the deep end bad we go
to stupid fuck baby chair you were going
to die over there I can't swim in our
relationship gold please explain god I'm
such a good swimmer in the 3 feet area
okay Oh God look I'm going to swim
backwards to the deep end no way but I'm
gonna come right away back I'm not going
to stop in the deep end the goal for
this video guide is to get me to the
deep end and like to stay there without
holding on to the ledge ready set go oh
my god oh my god oh my you're not you're
good you're close uh now you are next to
eternal hell look I'm good at it when I
hold on but watch what happens when I
don't hold on Brian Locke that's how you
supposed to kick your feet yeah there we
go
you mean muscle to swim that's why
let me try it again well kicking my feet
I don't know what happened hey go and
your arm is written so funny when your
girlfriend take your phone out no way
wait you know how to swim Oh
there we go you're gonna flip should I
believe you - hey God watch this place
the world if you're hiring why'd you
have to make sure it flip okay Brandon
stop flipping love your expensive slow
today okay miss professional ding
I mean applauding hey should I come yeah
fine watch this don't get your camera
wet it's the Olympic gold series when to
vacuum was right behind shoot we'll put
the vacuum back in the pool cause Jackie
peed in here go oh really
I need a better start bed keep laughing
and we'll see who's round first
ready I did enough back with a new front
with ya go front we can put in there
picking up in the bag here hey ready go
so I'll watch over saving
and then oh we're gonna stake that thing
in the water in it oh my God thank you
okay Bob what do you want to see I'm
gonna do one more cool thing and then
I'm attempted on the defend without
anything um I'll do whatever you want
Wow maybe I'm slow on your scum me Brian
but that's pretty much like pain take a
knife you're throwing no it's not I
don't know any other slim move if it
feels warm right here sorry hey way to
go
okay everyone feeding a person how did I
do my video like I think I see it or you
don't
hello go on my stomach yeah I mean here
Goodwin will appear we get Jackie's
along on that you see to me a million
times I'm sure I also you just want the
bed when we sleep upstairs like this
cool okay guys here there you go Oh Mike
you have to put your head under well why
does my home your water okay here I swam
front and I swam back let me do sideways
I'm challenging Michael Phelps now
boxers challenge Floyd Mayweather's it's
the Michael Phelps Michael bucks with
the swim move Britney it's swimming
sideways even a thing this is literally
so entertaining for me you can catch me
up Brendan I'm literally gonna have a
heat stroke out here I'm serious
why couldn't they make this pool only go
up to five feet nine inches I'm five
foot nine so I could swim in that hey I
cannot here let go I'm ready go go go
Johnny Ben that's like tying a hundred
and fifty pound weight to a foot so like
50 she drowned would I go to jail
without an accident uh yes you would
still go to jail okay hey guard is a
deeper second where we go ahead in your
nose as a shark fin I hate swimming got
into fourth of July I give you cheese
bread in Wi-Fi are going in the hot tub
oh no you're gonna jump that's the deep
end
go cut ah I can't record I'm laughing
too hard I can do this and where all of
my - oh what's it what do you like I
have to do but don't waste all your
energy
yes you have to do that hard ah this is
so fun oh my god run you're swimming oh
my god I've never heard Brandon sounds
this happy ever in my life I've never
heard Brandon sounds this happy ever in
my life
how is that it sounds good yeah probably
better than me okay so now I know how to
swim right yeah so my question is how do
people keep doing that for like one or
two minutes and don't do it that hard
cuz you're wasting all your energy okay
let's jump in one time couple goals what
if I just fell in with your camera and
all the footage got deleted oh I'm very
scared for Jackie I think she knows how
to swim at least not on the defense she
doesn't know how so we're gonna have to
teach her jump over it Oh
who should it be oh my god I don't I go
on hold on hold on hold on I don't know
I don't know I don't know I don't know I
don't know I think it went in my shirt
shut up all right Jackie wants to so bad
right now I see it in her face oh okay
before you guys die
okay now you put yourself more at risk
you're gonna trip on the vacuum what
kind of shit is that I'm single
Oh go ah Jackie your jump was not
enthusiastic at all Jackie yes is good
oh my god
push me to the edge okay guys we're
going in the deep end no please no oh my
gosh you guys I got her some what okay
okay run do you say that I learned how
to swim or no yes Ryan don't lie to me I
swear
here how about being Jackie race yeah
right
yes who do you have your money on the
Red Sox fun Jackie because she knows how
to she knows how to swim like Geralyn I
learned how to swim yeah but I said good
how about all the way there and back
here okay okay okay so me and Jackie are
gonna race loser has to jump inside the
pool so we have to go there and back not
just there babe no cheating
I'll let Brian say ready set go okay
ready went I'll be allowed to go
underwater because Jackie swims better
under yes what that so swimming is okay
ready yeah right I don't know how to
swim underwater I just went how to do
okay okay
then swim over water okay ready set go
oh wait you hit my arm I did not hear
right we are there here okay fun we
class arms will start farther apart yeah
because I literally feel ready set go
oh oh it's actually a close one
go Brandon oh my god oh my god well well
what
Oh Jackie got it Jackie got it
Jaguar Jackie she touched the wall first
yeah because I splashed water in my eye
so I couldn't see I was gonna win if I
did it okay I gotta jump in the water
damn it you're naughty
every time I take this whenever you have
to let me win whatever it is hello
College anyone Braden I need to win
something oh my god a ladybug I swear
Brian look we're in the pool
oh wait it's right here second oh I see
it oh it's alive oh it's right here
ladybug bitch come in Hey it's not
listening Brian look wait do they bite
no Ryan don't lie to me I know that he's
gonna fly if he can guys I just saved a
lot okay ladybug I need to jump in the
pool I don't want to hurt you go go
ladybug Maggie can go down me Brian take
him off don't flick no no just here we
go Brian bro that's so bad what do you
mean it clearly he's almost other here
we he was alive he's good guys see guys
we just saved a life
careful I won't sit on him
why jump inside the tube okay go
babe watched it he's gonna miss the
weight don't hit your head on the thing
Ryan cuz if you like miss it
kick it with your foot towards the
middle kick it sit down and kick it I
got it
you could have done a little bit further
kick it like towards where you want to
jump okay there we go that's what you
get that needs to close out today video
I can't learn how to swim
broaden your life I don't know how to
swim I hope you guys enjoyed this
embarrassing Oh
it wouldn't be an exit without J and
Sherman and Raj ass Anthony I type it
swimming the deep end
no he doesn't know how did you guys both
get haircuts yeah did you like it I gone
by Brandon to barber I don't see any
dollars that I only got 20 or 25 foot
with the service any of these tips on
white guy into a barbershop and I said
okay guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video please drop a like this today
subscribe if you are new ok I think we
might have to do a part two because we
kind of just got carried away we didn't
really try to learn how but all I'm
going to tell you Brian you're lying I
don't know how to swing the Mogul I can
do is like 5 seconds what's let me show
Anthony how they just watch is the most
I could do in the deep end okay so
here's the most I could go oh my god
watch watch wait I live what okay count
one two three four okay oh okay go thank
you oh okay burn my whole armpit this
video I love yours all I'm gonna enjoy
the rest of my puzzle device outside of
the pool not inside the pool guide your
room editing my god - a box with the
camera bye guys I'm having a heat stroke
bye guys idea oh my god before done wait
go back
okay wait go back inside really quick
because I have to tell Bryce I mean you
can't hear thanks dad okay bye
please go turn on the hot tub oh my god
my dad gets so mad when I turn on the
hot tub and taught outside Brian how hot
is it right now like a hundred raining
I'm dying let me go turn it on awesome
God my dad my dad hates me every time I
turn on the hot tub when it's hot
whether he says it lets you sort of
leather to go to the pool that's it dad
please turn it off Ryan okay got you
I wonder is a cartoon Brigitte so me to
turn on the hearts of Shido Tom I told
you really my dad's reaction was so
funny she she was standing right in
front of it no I snitched you out though
Brian cuz he looked he's like you didn't
even say anything he's like I don't know
waste my breath but okay I love the hot
tub
dad dad it was all Brandon I don't want
to go in the hot tub I do dad it run aha
that's nice why are you going that I
don't know how to swim this guy's my
best friend
