okay guys if you didn't get a chance to
check out yesterday's video I will leave
the link in the description down below
you need to watch it
trust me there's plenty his video in the
channel you should have seen me trying
to edit the video because I was crying I
was laughing by myself I was holding my
stomach but I didn't include everything
in that video so if you want some
behind-the-scenes if you want some
bloopers
keep watching do not exit this video
because we have some extras coming up oh
this is gonna break I put your butt in
the middle go medium okay good you put
your butt no don't jump either your dumb
ass right go if it break what happens if
it breaks no what are you doing
Dennis it's gonna break a hundred
percent okay sideways sideways like in
the middle bo you got a position your
body sorry I'm not just like oh your
position okay oh what do we body
used for the first time yeah I like how
you're not insecure about you back here
bro I always told you look nice and
stylish I wish I had back here I did not
know okay maybe I did but sorry
hey I'm not joking when I say you're
back here is nice Dennis I always told
you it was trendy and unique it makes
you who you are my mom knew I was gonna
grow up weak so she taught me this for
Mike
Oh pecans that'll kill myself I swear to
God I cut myself it's wrong my wife I
cut myself is that a worm is that a worm
come look in the look in the corner look
over there Oh Bosley how did you eat
this
that's nasty so I'm gonna just be my
balance do this that youtuber just for
fun don't know we had those I wasn't in
the beginning I know but we got to be
careful I had a call from this guy hey
remember that video would you be dead
where was I already what I called you
for
so you basically took the yes but homie
reduce up get me to read out and jeez
Isaiah Thomas is going crazy if you're
wondering why I'm going for the Lakers
and I need the heat to lose of course it
all comes back to the sun's the Suns
have Miami's pick this year so the more
games Miami loses the better the pick is
gonna be so no offense you heat fans but
I need the heat to lose every single
game this season so the sun's can get a
better Pig and today they're playing the
Lakers
my family is Laker fans so finally we're
on the same page on what I hug you on
anything I'm right here my mom thinks I
block this so she doesn't see what I'm
doing so my mom got called out for a
boxing match by some other youtuber mom
do you remember her name cuz I don't
remember who was but I don't know I
don't know who these people are but
apparently she called out my mom for a
boxing match and she was like just
disrespecting like they were just
talking and talking and all I'm gonna
say if this boxing match happened I
would put my life savings my own life
Bosley's live Dennis's life I would put
everything I own on my bomb winning that
boxing match like this
this is not just me being nice this is
take it from experience growing up like
getting hit by my mom and am I allowed
to put those shoes what about hangers if
you were a lot of hangers you would be a
world champion I swear no no great mom
great parent just heavy fists and heavy
shoes both feel so weird saying go
Lakers I swear it it feels so weird you
want me to say it go go son
I can't say I'll say I want the Lakers
to win but I can't say go I can't say
that uh-oh good steel wands Oh Oh what I
see that sorry sorry sorry sorry okay
guys so Bosley has gone on the hunt by
himself who are you looking for are you
looking for Ron come on
where's wrong guys Bosley was searching
the whole house because my dad walked
away where is he
if you guys don't know ron is papa rug
do you hear him Bosley uh-oh
where is he buzz Lee yeah who's that he
doesn't want to leave the room he's
waiting till my dad weed Bosley come on
let's go come on he's waiting for my dad
he won't move no you want to see him
move Bobby let's get a treat come on so
you choose tree over your own family
okay let's go to the tree Wow I haven't
seen in years
hey come on tree baby eight don't trip
me Bosley that's a foul that if you want
to treat give me five okay if you're my
friend give me five how about this if
you want a treat give me five first now
the best basketball player in the NBA
does that translate into okay there's
one now say Josh Jackson is going to be
a very very good stand up up stand up
keeps hitting would keep standing you
see anything okay oh oh I saw that cool
two for two I swear Bosley's like Shamu
when you throw the fish in the end they
jump and catch it what dead weight
all right like I know you're married to
my mom but are you dating Bosley oh he
wants to date you but you don't want him
cuz you're already married so - to me
right mom how do you feel about this
yeah like damn I mean there's like
therapy there's therapists to fix
relationships and stuff so Bosley you
can't get in between a marriage did you
eat some treat that I gave you and then
after you ate the treat you special
because your belly is touching the floor
just angles you know I want to do like a
little angel no because because because
you guys might think based off what I
was saying that oh mama rug is a
fighting-type or whatever my mom is the
opposite my mom okay wait I was gonna
say she doesn't even hurt a fly but
what's your favorite thing to do in the
kitchen when I see a fly flight if I
don't kill him I can't do nothing yeah
so I was gonna say my mom can't even
hurt a fly but she could hurt a fly
but chicken eye candy ice you can't hurt
a chicken none of my mom is not the
fighting type she's not gonna fight any
youtuber mom she's not gonna fight any
mom in general the only people she
fights were her kids when we were
younger but now we're safe mommy
so you didn't I do a good job I don't
know
I don't know I grew up like an idiot I
said no boxing gloves just lots of love
yeah Wow mom see that's one thing I
didn't get from you I need to get that
for you
so next time someone is talking to
me on the basketball court what should I
tell them hey man I appreciate you
talking but it's all love please
Dennis right now just give some examples
of what I say on the basketball court
there's a lot there's if you don't play
basketball why do you play there's I
wouldn't go chuckles I got next bottom
up like soccer all the socket there's
soccer hockey the different ones all
there's um every time I have the ball in
my hand something could happen so why
isn't it always had why isn't the ball
always in my hand
Bosley no I think Bobby's there to make
my mom jealous look he's staring at my
mind what mom is married specific areal
yeah so once you get made it's like
official like you have to like dad I
feel bad for you now I know why your
head is down and your feet are hitting
each other my dad is like Lou will he
has two partners Bosley and my mom well
guys I don't want to say this in front
of my dad because I don't want to hurt
his feelings but every time my dad isn't
here Bosley is all over me I swear like
you like trust me I'm not even lying
when I say that's me and Bosley are like
this when my dad isn't here but me and
Bosley have talked about it because we
feel bad for my dad so when my dad is
here me impa's Lee just act like we have
nothing going on me and Bosley act like
we don't know each other oh hey Dennis
so go Dennis no no no Dennis can't know
either cuz he's a snitch and he'll tell
my mom was on the bed
wait he's my mom god it look like I saw
buddy on the bed wait where's my mom I'm
gonna father's going crazy by swiss felt
like i saw a body on the bed
I swear Dennis mom like how much do you
love me
the moon and back wait oh sorry I love
you too but you here it's Dennis in my
dad I swear it's Dennis my listen what
you said hey hey he said hitting me one
more time no I swear
okay I'm sorry either Dennis is beating
my data but somewhat like wrestling WWE
but we need to go see what's going on
dad dad what the hell is going what the
hell what's going on um can I ask excuse
me got yo um dad I like your outfit law
sorry I'm just confused what Scott I
don't understand what's going on a
little bit a lot of big oh you're
calling people for a fight like who like
me Denny's or Oh someone specific so
there's one guy everybody wants to fight
it okay yep who is it who is it I want a
name I'm your son I'm curious
yes I okay I thought my dad wants to get
in a ring with okay why is that why
should he skipped there's people like
you know Adam phousi Jake Paul why
should he skip them and fight you okay
okay okay
okay so you're saying that you would
give him some real competition yes I do
show me one show me one how'd it feel
yeah yeah oh yeah oh so that's oh so
that's why he hasn't washed no guys in
case you couldn't tell this was all in
good fun
my dad is not fighting cancer I mean if
he wants it then we might have to make
like ten clones of my dad so they could
take ksi arts but no my dad's just
messing around I don't know that's what
they do
let's see yeah you being serious me our
family is you know it's a loving family
peas we don't support violence unless
it's on the basketball court then you
take all your anger out hey Dennis well
what's going on when I was in the
kitchen cuz it sounded like you were
getting your ass whooped it's a bruise I
think that forget chaos I think you need
to skip to Floyd Mayweather I think so
yeah I don't think it's fair for Floyd
yeah yeah give Floyd a couple years
before he's ready for you case I'm sorry
you it wouldn't be fair for you if you
had to find my dad so he's gonna go
straight to Floyd Mayweather I think
that's the only fair thing to do okay
okay okay
boy his son watches my video shout out
Quran but but I gotta go with my dad
family first
okay dad one quick question mr. Krabs
how did the gloves fit you know this is
very small so it's good luck for your
dick you know mom I swear there's no way
Dennis how'd you put them on I think you
need to put them off to the floor okay
there's one
okay we both make myself just know like
me and Dennis together like you could
find an ant that's smarter than us
I can see from the yesterday's video
yeah wait oh no don't spin I thought you
just said after one second and you think
you're gonna take all your stress we're
dead you look like Adam solid when he
gets older I swear but put your fists a
little closer together put your fists a
little closer together yeah yeah I mean
you're crap your claws put the claws a
little closer together okay and look me
and this is for our thumbnail look like
you're about to be somebody up dad yeah
kids yeah oh my god Brian Brian when you
watch this videos text me right away
text me if you remember that face that
face you just scare me and Brian so much
okay no okay and then but that's drunk
that's drunk face we want serious yeah
yeah imagine that imagine we just me and
Brian just went to like your sister's
house and we made the biggest fight over
there me and Brian were chasing each
other we knocked over their vase and and
and we just got home so you could take
your anger out
one quick thing in case a lot of people
took this seriously are in case you guys
think my dad is really calling out case
high or my mom is really gonna fight no
that's not what we're about my family
you guys know us we spread peace love
positivity we're not about all that
fighting stuff so so oh I'm gonna fight
the light oh sorry sorry sorry peace
love sorry like now guys but really drop
a like on this video if you did enjoy
subscribe to this channel if you are new
it's always a good time seeing my
parents we did a lot of things
off-camera we played basketball just
watching a lot of basketball but you
know I realize everything revolving me
has to do with that so that's a
different topic for a different day
which is every day of my life
but thank you guys so much for watching
this video drop a like if you enjoyed I
love you guys so so much broswell and
that's gonna close out today's video
we say that it feels right
