okay guys that dude was What did he say
he was talking to in Spanish so I didn't
understand it she understood why are you
talking shit he didn't know Jackie spoke
Spanish and and he kept going on and on
and we're like like just stop like wait
we're not explaining what happened sorry
guys so we won a toy we want it we threw
the ball and it went in so after we made
it the guy tried to say that they were
closed and so he can't give us a toy but
he took the money so we went up to the
game so we paid to play and it was
totally fine when we paid but the second
we made it he was like oh no no prize
like we're closed you can't get a prize
you think we can make it yes
exactly one day he wanted us to play
because yeah I need to be a free money
exactly so after we paid we played they
were like oh no we're closed no prize
they recorded on your home yeah I want
it yeah I have a snapchat of him making
it because not only were they trying to
say they were close but they were trying
to say Justin didn't make it and they
didn't know that I have the snapchat so
I showed all the workers of snapchat and
a lot came up and he said it was clear
the other guys got mad exactly even the
boss came and everything I was like
broke we made the shot like you guys
took our money when and we played it's
all the workers were like trying to lie
saying no you didn't make it but they
didn't know I have the snapchat and so
when they were taking the toy down for
us and so under there yes I'm airing
both the beer is huge that's why they
didn't want to give it and they even
admitted it they were like yeah well the
beard like $100 we spent a lot of black
stimbler
it doesn't matter how much we spent we
paid we played and we made the shot so
when they were taking down the prize
they started cussing us out in Spanish
because we don't understand it but
Jackie understood when Jackie told us
what they were saying I guess they were
calling us like dumbasses or whatever
that means and so I just told the guy I
was like whoa if you're talking shit
like say to my face what did he say he
started to confuse the whole time I
feels like me me in the bank
go like all this shit and I'm like bo
just because you lost a toy like it's
not that serious
I'm like you guys are getting pissed
over losing a toy but we paid we played
and we won the game I have the snapchat
and everything there's no point for you
to cut the sound everything and then he
started talking about money like he
started bringing up oh how much money
you got in your pockets how much money
is on your bank and I'm just like bo
what is wrong with you both I wish we
filmed that they were cussing out my
girlfriend in Spanish so
just like oh she doesn't know what she's
talking about Baba yeah I mean you could
talk shit about me but don't talk shit
about my girlfriend so that's when I
stepped up and I'm like yo don't talk
shit about my girlfriend like I don't
know who you think you are you're a
grown-ass man talking about a girl
because you think she doesn't understand
you but that was just words and then he
started talking about we could take this
in the bag how much money you got on you
how much there's a worker like a
freaking oh wait they want to take
pictures hey guys guys we're here with
some huge fans you guys want to be in
the video or no you guys want to be in
the video okay hold on guys let me take
pictures of the quick and then I'll get
back to this wait come to think about it
you pay for three shots you only took
one we got to go back and we got to go
back find your friend no yelling at you
bro that escalated so quickly it went
from just you know them saying oh he
didn't really make it you know they both
they saw him make it straight up they
saw the ball go inside of the basket and
they were trying to tell the boss oh
he's trying to cheat he's being a
cheater and I'm like bro I have the
snapchat right here you can't live
there's proof so after we showed the
boss the snapchat she was like all right
give him the toy that's so dirty to try
to lie it was just talking and then out
of nowhere they started calling Jackie
like names and Spanish they started
talking shit about her so that's when I
was just like don't do that so I stepped
up and then the guys started talking
about how much money you got let's take
this out stuff now outside we're already
outside he was like let's take this to
the bank and I was like bro chill out
like don't talk to shit in your language
because you think we don't understand if
you're going to talk shit to say to our
face and then Justin took a shirt off
and you ran up and stuck them in the
face I'm just joking several guys we got
right here what's your name bro Brian
Brian oh your face rug it's nice to meet
you both
thanks for watching thank you yeah yeah
but I think it's like I literally called
him out for calling us dumbass I'm in
charge of law he's like he's like oh me
yeah I called you it's on that exactly
like playing like playing like I'm
stupid like I know what you're saying
like not if you're going to talk shit
don't denial when someone calls well if
you're going to say your clothes say it
before you take the money both that's
exactly it they thought you weren't
going to make it in from the frequent oh
okay we got hey you're in the vlog
you're in the vlog
man how's it going you've seen me here
every single day that I came huge
supporter right here then you will thank
you both let me tell you this because we
just got into kind of like this guy was
trying to fight like one of the workers
so we paid to play a game right yeah so
we made it and after we made it because
they didn't think we were going to make
after we made it they tried to lie and
say oh he never made it
you didn't win and then they didn't know
I had on snapchat so they called the
boss over and so the boss saw and they
were like okay give him his fun so we
got our prize and when when we were
winning the prize they started talking
shit about us and Jackie in Spanish
because they didn't think because
justice Filipino I'm Middle Eastern so I
don't speak Spanish but Jackie speaks
Spanish so they started talking shit
about all of us calling us dumbasses and
and so Jackie told us yeah and so I just
had to tell somebody or no no I stepped
it up to him I was like bro don't talk
shit about my girlfriend like talk shit
about us I don't care but don't talk
shit about my girlfriend and then he and
then he stepped up like he went crazy he
was like you can meet me around the bank
blah blah and then I was like bro shut
the fuck up like no one would he'll dig
and then he got he was like how much
money time your bank how much money you
got in your pockets and I'm just like
well you're wild like I vote and yeah I
would say that he'd calm the whole time
that was gonna bro I stayed calm I whip
shit bro no I was so close to just
losing it but I'm like this students
like not even worth it it's not worth it
but at the same time I'm like man that's
something else I don't know like and
then vote they tried to admit that they
just didn't want to give a surprise
sounds like why are you making such a
big deal just give us the prize and he
was like these are like $100 and I'm
like I didn't ask you how much surprises
were if you if I wanted I don't know
guys nothing like this has happened to
me out of fear because usually if
someone wins a prize then they get
surprised and expected yeah and usually
grown men don't talk shit about the
females but they actually was like
talking shit yeah and Jackie she speaks
Spanish they didn't know everything they
were saying like pendejo like all them
exactly bro and if you're going to talk
shit both safe to someone's face don't
say under your breath in Spanish because
you think we don't understand like I
stepped up to his face but I stayed calm
because he was trying it like now I said
Conrad he did definitely didn't stay
calm even Justin told me he's like both
I'm surprised you stayed calm but I was
just like I'll be the bigger person
yeah meet you this is this is Jenny I
wish someone filmed that you should have
took your phone out because I feel like
people aren't going to believe me but I
swear I thought you're ready to fight
listen I have all these things with my
hands so then I'm thinking like I need
all my hands on tech in case rain is
about to get out because he was both he
was testing like you'd be surprised guys
I kept calm when I see I kept calm calm
and collected it's like when I say I
kept calm it's like I had to like like
imagine someone talking to you on your
girlfriend and then also saying oh meet
me around the back and then trying to
like say oh like how much money like I
don't know why he brought up money back
I can't pull out my phone like thank you
thanks we did see those are nice workers
those are nice workers but yeah I held
myself back pretty good because I tried
to be the bigger person I think I was
because it feels so weird were on a
scuba at like 1:00 a.m. at 1:00 in the
morning usually I'm I go on school bus
or when I was in elementary school like
10:00 a.m. not wanting me and how do you
guys see Jeepers Creepers you know when
you reach it
and you like stand over the bus and
reach into a school bus you see that
okay fine I'll stop sorry guys if you
fucking apologize I'm sorry yeah yeah I
mean this again with it I know yeah he's
so ugly
sorry jeepers if you're up there so his
last name is Cooper jeepers my god
well honestly I I would hope the
sunshine Jeepers Creepers they haven't
done anything free and you see they
haven't signed one player so I would
take him on the Suns at this point
bye guys you guys want up close okay
they want up close for the blog hold on
guys say what up you're in tomorrow's
video what's your name yep oh you're
going to gave me the fish right oh thank
you guys well I'll show you the fish and
you know Miguel nice to meet you guys
bye thank you because one of them got me
a fish and I kept it babe where's the
fish it's in Jackie's backpack
it was a small fish not a real fish not
one in the water I mean a stuffed animal
that's akin again let's you keep that
getting a fish girl so nice such a good
kid okay guys so we're adding another
look we already have okay we got one two
three four
babe in the ball pit or no that's what
she's a nine so that's five and if
you're wondering we still got more at
the house and if you're wondering why we
pick the Lexus it's because the i8 is
filled with so many toys that I can't
even see from my mirrors I can't there's
toys like covering the whole trunk and
everything so we got so many prizes so
you guys might be asking Brandon we
don't care how many prizes you want well
the reason I want to show the pride is
because when the San Diego Fair started
I made a commitment saying every single
prize or every single toy that I won
after the fair was over I would donate
all of them to the Children's Hospital
and I'm actually surprised I did not
think I was going to get this many toys
because if you guys go to the fair it's
almost impossible to win big prizes
because the games are so hard to win
especially the basketball ones they're
so hard but I think we did a great job
me and Jackie both it wasn't just me
we both played a lot of games and we we
got so many prizes to the point where I
had to drive a different car because my
other car was filled with prizes so I'm
really really proud and I'm really happy
because we got more prizes than I could
have even imagined and I can't wait to
see the expression on those people's
faces when we give them these toys
because these are big too so I'm really
excited and I got to find the day really
soon to go do that because I feel like
it's going to make their day and I'm
really excited to do it okay guys so we
just got home right now but we have one
little problem
okay guys wait before I say what I was
going to say coming home at 2:00 in the
morning you'll learn the weirdest things
such as my sprinklers are on I never
knew my sprinklers turned on at 2:00 in
the morning I always thought it was
different but we have one little problem
we're locked out of the house my keys to
this house are on on with my keys for
this car but we didn't drive this car so
the keys are inside so right now it is
2:00 in the morning my dad is asleep and
I don't want to wake him up because he
has to get up for work pretty soon and
then my mom is asleep final Onaway Korea
because she works hard all day so I
don't want to wake her up and bother her
so our last hope is Brian babe please
call Brian and please let him be awake
it's 2:00 in the morning I don't know if
I is going to be awake look please
rugrat I don't want to wake up my dad
cause he wakes up for work out like 5:00
in the morning so I feel like that's
messed up if I wake him up Brian please
this is so bad okay guys we're still
trying to call Brian he's not answering
so he's for sure asleep but we are
locked out and I'm an idiot because I
should have brought the house keys with
me when I went to the fair I'm most
likely gonna have to wake up my mom or
dad and I hate doing it I feel so bad I
feel like a bad son if I wake up my mom
or dad okay guys so I just tried to call
my mom oh wait look proves that I wasn't
lying about the car look the stuffed
animals are literally stuffed inside the
car look there's another one there you
see the legs popping out this makes me
so happy because I know it's going for a
good cause but anyways I tried calling
my mom no answer try calling my dad no
answer so right now me and Jackie are
gonna have to climb the fence we're
gonna have to hop the fence of the
backyard and knock on my parents windows
to wake them up oh I feel so bad doing
this we have to wake them up unless baby
you want to sleep outside that's our
only other choice but I want to wake
them up at least we have kettle corn for
supper if we decide to sleep outside
okay we got to get ready to hop the same
okay we had evidence that Papa rock was
here recently now but everyone's asleep
look it's all dark so we're gonna have
to wake them all up and now Bosley's
gonna go crazy
crying you bitch his room is right there
but he's sleeping humbug
you know a humbug means it means darn it
but like first Scrooge please let it be
okay
No why do my parents have to be good
parents and lock all the doors before
they go to San Jose she's uh jeez Louise
babe you're just using that as an excuse
to eat at night I know you the worker
got you upset guys that was so fucked up
don't talk shit like about a girl that's
just especially a grown man that's just
ridiculous especially when you're not
like you're trying to say it secretly
because you don't think she understand
and then when you get caught you try to
deny it
he was like What did he say he liked to
cool me I didn't say anything and
to bring up money I don't know guys if
he just said it to me if you was talking
shit about me other than like yourself
but the fact that he said it about my
girlfriend that's what made me kind of
lose my cool and the fact that he denied
it when we all knew that's what he said
it's kind of like you know just man up
if you're gonna talk shit about someone
just take to their face okay here goes
nothing
so this is officially gonna make me go
to help waking up my mom dead in this my
au pair is Papa rug that like how do I
not remember to take the keys now don't
give Jackie a key she's gonna go crazy
one day I want to see paws like I'm not
gonna wait hey mom mom I'm so sorry mom
house atmosphere the reason we stayed so
late is because I got in my car argument
or like I don't know
oh the I don't know what happened
honestly the guy was going crazy guys
Bosley the status is the only one who
didn't wake up from that big knock okay
mom
good night dad good night babe
good night wherever she went I wish you
would let me get I bet you she's in the
kitchen
oh that reminds you're only not in the
kitchen because we already have food yo
guys me and Jackie are about to go to
bed but the closest video I just want to
say that this incident was it was just
really weird and it was just something
that doesn't really happen every single
day I mean just to recap all of it there
were so many things that were wrong
about this for starters we would just
walk and pass the game and the dudes
were like come on come play you know
only $5 volleyball so then we paid and
then we want and then they were like oh
sorry we're closed we can't give out the
prize like yo don't call us over to play
and then after we win say oh no and then
say that oh well we are open but you
never make the ball because they didn't
know that I had it on snack I wish I
shaved the snapchat because then I
would've showed you guys but they didn't
know I was snapchatting Justin so then
when they called the boss over I was
like yo boss they're lying they're
saying we didn't make it but look here's
a snapchat so when the boss saw that she
got the workers like Jill why are you
guys lying so so for one they tried to
lie about how they were closed and then
they tried to blind saying we didn't
make it but they didn't not had on
snapchat and then once the boss you know
told them hey he made it give him the
prize they turned away and started
talking shit in Spanish you know what
did they call it dumbasses yeah like a
bunch of thing cement Epson Alice like
like I understand you yeah I mean it was
like what what like trying to play it
off like I don't know like when you get
confronted about it you lie and say oh
we didn't say anything who means like
that and then when I sets up to him I'll
not yo don't talk shit about my good
like we just start going back and forth
and then he starts the oh come meet me
out back you know how much money's up
like where did money both I never ever
bring up money like bringing up money
and just such a low thing to do like I
don't even know where money came into
play I don't know like how much money
you got on I got more money than you
like I was dressed in sweatpants and a
freakin whimpers like I wasn't I didn't
have a watch I don't how much I was not
dressed flashy at all you guys saw what
I was wearing in the video so I don't
know what made him say that but just so
many things wrong with it but my main
point is yo just place bare like if
somebody wins it's not that serious just
give the prize up if you're so salty
about giving a prize away like you don't
have to talk shit about people calling
them dumbass it's just because they want
a game just because we won the game they
started calling us dumbasses and idiots
and the B word like but like why were
you calling us dumbasses and it is
because we won the game I don't
understand man go conquer a dumbass and
an idiot and a B words stakeholder
because I don't know what were you even
doing anything I'm playing Jackie like
she didn't play the game she wasn't
anywhere near and they were distraction
to her but the funniest thing you should
have seen the guy's face because he was
acting all tough to his co-workers cop
like you know speaking Spanish all that
and then when Jackie said I understood
what she said don't call me a B word he
was like who me I didn't say anything
like it was so fake it was so fake and
that's when I stepped up and I was like
wait what you say he's like I didn't say
anything that was my biggest thing that
I'm Sonia my my growth it's not that
serious like honestly if you don't want
to give us the prize don't give it to us
and he just hugging Oh Kamini I'll bet
I've never done something like this
maybe I'm in the wrong some house if you
guys always are going to try when I
oblivion you just dis want you to dis
song I think I was the bigger man I
played it off and I just I kept my cool
somehow but I was so hmm so uh so
frustrating I don't know whatever guys
I'm talking about it way way way too
much my main thing is don't talk shit
about somebody behind their back and
then when you get confront about it you
lie and say oh I didn't say anything
that's just it's not I hope you enjoyed
this video I guess I feel like this
video was really boring but I just want
I wanted to bring it to your attention
because it's not something that happens
every day especially like an affair
usually everyone's happy at the fair you
know you play games you win prizes and
yeah usually you don't have workers on
the clock saying go come meet me out
back and trying to fight you while
they're on the clock it's just weird so
I wanted to I want to tell you guys that
I want to know what you guys think
anyways thank you so much for watching
this video drop a like if you did enjoy
subscribe if you are new I got her back
don't talk shit to my girlfriend fuck
shit to me if you want to say something
yeah and then hell out man
thankfully we got Jackie who understands
Spanish so can't get away with it but uh
yes thank you guys so much for watching
2:30 in the morning we got to get some
sleep and yeah peace out guys no policy
no sorry huh yeah Mano Menezes no no no
no no Vegas Nevada caucus in lava
pegaron oh yeah oh yeah nomadic well no
right here I'll say right here yeah you
don't know you guys did you know come on
cath you sad no Hondo and no hado cement
Thank You general
