oh yeah by the way I thought if I give
you company salt in my cereal or burger
for humans for more cereal guys it
wasn't shown on camera but look Jackie
still pranked me even when there's no
camera
she puts salt in my cereal this morning
and I ate it I love what is that but you
liked it though
I did not like it did you at least put
it like this when I was in the aisle and
like this
see you guys the pranks go further than
just on camera okay guys so dad what I'm
about to do you might not condone this
but I have to do it so as you see hold
on I'm gonna explain myself really quick
guys I'm so scared and so excited just
look when you see this evil face hold on
wait how do I show it hold on the camera
is blocking my face okay look what I
don't like that angle all right here
when you see this evil face you know I'm
about to do something crazy
but hold on let me explain it upstairs
okay so as I mentioned when we were
downstairs earlier today I was about to
leave to the gym to go play some
basketball so I poured me a quick bowl
of cereal and I'm about to dig in and I
take my first bite and it tastes like
frickin salt and Jackie starts dying
laughing I'm like what the hell so it
turns out she pranked me and she put a
bunch of salt on my cereal this wasn't
even on camera it was off camera god
that's the thing about my family and my
girlfriend not only do we get pranked on
camera but they love pranking so much
that even off-camera they do pranks so
you're literally never safe from a prank
when you're living with Brian and my mom
and when you have a girlfriend like
Jackie so when she did that I was like
babe I'm gonna get you back trust me I'm
gonna get you back little did she know I
meant I'm gonna get her back
today so what I plan on doing don't get
me wrong I feel really really really bad
and I'm not a bad person so I just feel
really bad but I don't even know how I'm
gonna do this yet but I'm gonna try to
get her close to the pool and I'm just
gonna push her into the pool and I feel
so so bad but I told I'll get her back
and yo you don't mess with a man's
breakfast because I feel like it's a
perfect opportunity to get her right now
that she's already in the backyard I
don't even have to make an excuse to get
her in the backyard she's already there
with my mom should I feel like it would
have been obvious
like hey babe let's go in the backyard
first of all most the most important
thing is Jackson spotted in charge it oh
look at this but makes me feel even
worse look at her background for her
phone guys so at least I know she
doesn't have her phone on her and the
other good thing is that she always
keeps extra clothes here so she has
clothes to change into because I'm gonna
push her in with her clothes I can't
tell her hey babe can you get in a
bathing suit and then I push straight no
it's got to be a surprise and another
good thing is that I promised her I
would take her out to dinner so she
already has to change and shower and get
ready anyway so why not push her into
the pool she's already going to take a
shower you know you get what I mean all
men I feel so bad but babe you love
swimming you always go swimming so I'm
hoping you don't get to men and I told
you I'll get you back you thought I'm
going to get you back tomorrow or next
week or next month nope babe I love you
so much
but sometimes a man's gotta do what a
man's gotta do so let's do it
dad please I'm gonna need you to please
come from the store good
my dad doesn't even know yet that
community I know you raised me better
but just for right now I need to do
revenge I'm gonna push Jackie into the
pool oh I know that I took shadow Mart
do it you know what she's like this
woman that's what I said she loves
swimming guys she loves their day she's
in the pool she goes swimming every
single day but that's what I'm bathing
to now they're close okay guys so I'm
gonna have my dad come out wait where's
the door oh I don't know that this house
was still new to me
so I'm gonna have my dad come out from
here and film it just for the record I
asked my dad should I not do it and he
said no do it so I'm taking her out to
eat to dinner after so I think it's a
little unfair god I think what I'm gonna
do to trick her
I'm gonna look really closely into the
pool and I'm gonna say babe we should I
say much amounts a rat yeah I'm gonna
say like sunny animals in nature okay
guys I'm so nervous on oxygen yeah I'm
gonna peek from here yeah
oh stand behind us only
take that oh my gosh I love you babe
nothing more
Oh
I don't know the water okay babe come
here I'll help you up through the steps
like you look good with way no no no
portfolio gear time it's charging dome I
made sure hi little baby
no I bet you know what you would do but
wait there really is like a snake in the
pool oh my God look at you Jackie
my dad knew about it one of us all in
material and what guide the talisman be
for Brandon please look
hahaha the only reason I did it is
because after I put your bushes because
after I ate the cereals assault I didn't
have time
make me another boss on left and I
believe it because the other day you put
them out yeah that's why I was
believable I just found a mouse oh but
we're going out to eat we are going to
dinner you have to drive for now you put
in dryer yeah can we put you in the
dryer the whole thing you guys okay but
you love for me she's not that mad guy I
thought she was gonna hit me I thought
you were gonna hit me
so your makeup still looks nice look
guys her makeup still looks good
somewhat I wasn't an adult yeah you were
god no no babe let me tell you know I
told my dad I was like that should I do
or no he's like yeah she likes swimming
you saw him every day yeah but but let
my dad get to blame fine but no babe
we're going like now she wants to go
swimming you're gonna go swimming we're
going out to eat are you canceling plans
on me now I deserve it if you do oh
maybe now I don't have to go out to eat
do you really want to go swimming with
you oh no no no no no babe there's
something called drowning and when
someone doesn't notice when they could
drown and she went flying well I feel
bad what she really went back into the
pool with her clothes I told you guys it
wasn't that bad no Jackie loves swimming
Bosley did you see what happened to
Jackie you're next sorry babe let's go
eat we're going to McDonald's I mean it
hey Jackie did say that she wants to go
somewhere where to sit down doesn't
McDonald's hot chair she said two things
one they have to serve food and two it
has to be a sit-down McDonald's the last
time I checked you order food and the
last time I checked they had chairs for
you to sit down I'm just joking guys we
don't know where we're gonna go yet but
we're gonna go out to eat look Jackie's
a good sport I'm surprised she's not
even mad she loves swimming she's a
shark
oh I like the necklace what does I say
Brandon this is Brandon aka but what is
Jojo can he doesn't say B'Elanna success
bandit put your Bosley just watching
Jackie Bosley what are you doing what
you have front-row seats for this show
uh uh Bosley
cover your eyes bo what he doing look at
this view he's just staring watching
alleys try to hide it body at least go
from like around the corner don't just
straight-up be a creep
oh my gosh I want to kill you not for me
I yeah you said you loved swimming yeah
but no with my clothes on I know I know
okay how am i because I didn't even
think about that I'm so sorry my sincere
apologies look guys it's all good so
kiss me in the mouth and I solve it kiss
you in the mouth or on the lips I think
there's a different amount in the mouth
open you said you know it now you put it
in the mouth open wait try it ha flat
okay let's go McDonald's closes soon
okay dad thanks for helping me film
imagine you we're recording the whole
thing god this is so freakin wild right
now like we're about to go get food wait
I can't even talk to her right now hold
on let me let me we were about to go out
to eat right
Jesse already got changed and she got
dressed and I was about to change and
Paul George gets freaking traded to the
Oklahoma City Thunder what like it's
always the most unexpected trades that
happens because I don't even know like I
got to make a video on this right now on
my NBA channel I'm about to do that
before we go out to eat if you guys want
to show some love to my NBA channel I'm
going to leave the link in the
description down below I don't that's
crazy this doesn't even involve a
Phoenix Sun but I'm still going crazy
because this is such a big move Paul
George and like Boston Boston couldn't
easily beat that off my golf balls with
whatever I'm talking about it too much
on my main channel like I said I've been
working really really hard on my second
channel which is my NBA channel so I'm
about to make a video on that and you
guys want to watch it just click the
link down below and yeah please watch it
and right after I make that video we are
going out to dinner guys that's the
thing about my NBA channel like I never
I'm going to upload because it just
depends like if there wasn't a trade
that happened I wouldn't have uploaded
today but now that there was something
big like it's out of my control whenever
something happens in the NBA then I
upload but if nothing happens in the NA
I don't upload but the NBA free agency
period is going to be crazy so I expect
to be uploading a lot on that channel
and these coming weeks so if you guys do
want to check it out show some love show
some support link is down below I got a
clue to make a video on the Paul George
one because we're going to be late to
dinner because there's the only bad
thing about my NBA channel it's always
so unexpected so right now we were about
to leave to go get dinner but the Paul
George trade happened and you guys know
me I'm always on top of it I try to make
a video right away right when the news
breaks so now we have to push off our
dinner plan but like I always say the
grind never stops you got to work hard I
just I love putting in work I never know
when or what video I'm gonna have to
make it's always so last-second but I do
my best to try to stay on top of it and
I do my best to try to upload every time
there's some big news and that's so
while I try to upload every single day
on my main channel so that's why this
next upcoming week is going to be so
crazy because I'm going to be uploading
every day on my main channel and also
try to be uploading on my NBA channel so
it's going to be like double or triple
uploads every single day for the next
week double or triple uploads in I don't
know if this little brain is ready for
it but I'm going to do my best for you
guys
95% five more play where are you hello
five more percent and then we are going
out to eat I promise and since you had
to wait for me to make this video no
McDonald's we'll go to a real place I'm
ginger we were never actually going to
McDonald's I'll just yell five more
percent and then we are ready to go eat
I can't wear this so just cuz we're
going somewhere Yama to switch up Who I
am
I was taught to be myself and being
myself means weighing best bus routes
wait I think I need a freaking taper
fade on my toes because it's so hairy
what should I get like a skin taper or
like a number three on the toes really
guys I do have a haircut tomorrow
actually that's why I'm so excited
4:30 p.m. haircut shout out Paul I can't
wait oh it's done
it is done look guys s MH I'm so
disappointed in you guys
so Jackie posted a snapchat story of me
doing my video and she said it's been
three hours and he still hasn't taken me
to dinner and read some of the replies
that some of the people are telling you
they said as the matrix n3 I was no
secret in the restaurant it's been three
hours are you kidding me so pretty much
all of you guys are taking Jackie side
when I'm sitting here making a video for
you guys and you guys are taking Jackie
side what is this
you guys are traitors you guys are all
taking Jackie side this is ridiculous Oh
at least someone said NBA free agency
over dinner so someone is in a traitor
but to all you people who betrayed me
when the Train happened my mentions went
crazy saying Brandon please make a video
please make a video on this so I said
babe
we will go to dinner in a little bit but
the brats law and my supporters they
want to see a video on this right now so
and then you guys turn your back on me
and go to it to Jackie saying damn
Brandon hasn't taken you to dinner
come on brand and take out the dinner
that's that's fake that's fake love
right there guys guys look Oh Sadie
these stocks are hold on we put them on
our feet they're literally green these
are supposed to be black by the way they
look green actually I'm not talking to
you guys I'm Matty laughter Jack inside
I'm starving Jackie starving you guys
know Jackie she's always starving but
you guys were just begging me to make
this video on my NBA channel so I
decided to make it and I pushed on
dinner plans bag and I changed
everything and I look at Jesse's
mentioned and you guys are all talking
 about me behind my back
I'm salty you can take me to dinner cuz
look at the color we saw my goodness
imagine drinking two bottles of Hennessy
sig balls of Sirat and eight shots of
tequila that's how a 2-d saucer that's
Brendan's nice yeah my knife the sons
don't do the head okay okay guys for
those wondering sadly we didn't go to
McDonald's we came to Outback Steakhouse
and we both have never been here before
so
yeah we decided let's just try something
new usually where would we have gone
half of you okay not McDonald's that's a
joke I don't really take it air people
are going to believe it we were feeling
spontaneous you know she got thrown into
the pool I might have messed with her
brain so we wanted to try something new
so now we are at how bags take us and
let's see if we like it or not okay guys
so this place must be good because
there's a wait see McDonald's there's no
wait am i right dream thank you
oh yeah that's true sighs your machine
is always broken hurry the server's
coming you want a piece
I'm Michael Myers ah you said you want
one piece I am Michael Myers are you
happy now that the food is out she's
happy you guys good thing she likes the
food because look at what kind of knife
came with it this is a Michael Myers
knife so she didn't like the food she
woulda killed me
I'm glad she liked it and I'm glad she's
happy we don't really go on dates that
often because I'm always like really
busy doing my videos I'm not trying to
brag or anything don't get me wrong I'm
not trying to brag but making videos
especially on two different channels
takes a lot of time so we don't really
have time to go out to eat or go on
dates so it's fun when we do have a
chance and she's happy when we do go out
look at her look tell me another girl
who gets thrown into a pool but sees
food and instantly gets happy yo guys
don't worry I'm not shellfish I'm gonna
give Jackie one get it guys I'm not
shellfish welcome you're going to have
to pay me for the lemon and buzzes over
you can have a lobster tail peppery no
now time to dig in God Jackie's going to
kill me because NBA free agency started
and so I have not put my phone down I'm
sorry I apologize I'm sorry but for us
basketball fans and be a free agency
it's like Christmas it's like our
birthday like it's like Christmas and
your birthday put together
I love NBA free agency and everything
happens so quick so I have to keep
checking my phone so I apologize okay
yeah Jackie's been refreshing for NBA
news too just so that when I talk to her
about it she already knows and she she's
one step ahead of the game just like me
I mean if you're dating me you better
know all the NBA news and rumors you
can't date me if you don't know and be a
free agency news yo guys all I want to
say what I've learned from today is that
gentlemen it is completely okay to push
your lady into the pool with her clothes
on unexpectedly as long as you take her
out to eat after because look at this
smile this doesn't happen too often
after getting question to the
we did go on a date guys I planned the
date from this morning because I knew
that NVA free agency was going to start
tonight so I knew I was going to be on
my phone the whole time
so I'm like let's see will it piss
Jackie off if I'm on the phone the whole
time and we're in the house yet but will
it piss Jackie off if I'm on the phone
my whole time but she has a nice steak
in front of her no because she'll be
distracted by the steak so I got her
guys NBA free agency so crazy like I
said earlier it's like Christmas and my
birthday put together and I'm sure all
other basketball fans feel like that
anyways thank you so so much for us
Mazal you always interrupt my outside
thank you so so much for watching
Bosley grow I'm trying to do my freakin
video okay go straight after Jackie and
ignore your owner Bosley thank you so
much for watching this video I hope you
guys enjoy drop a like if you did
subscribe if you are new please go show
some love and show some support to my
NBA channel if you guys want to I've
been trying to work really hard on that
I feel like this vlog was actually
really fun went out to eat pushed Jackie
into the pool that's karma babe just
remember next time you want to sprinkle
salt sprinkle salt into my cereal but
yeah guys I actually do feel bad for
pushing in the pool but it's okay I'll
make up for it upstairs guys and another
takeaway I got from this video is that I
miss going on dates with Jackie like I
mentioned earlier I've been so busy
trying to maintain my two channels and
not just trying to maintain the videos
but I've just been like trying to put so
much more effort into my videos so we
just don't like we don't really have
time to hang out anymore except if it's
just like upstairs in my room but we
don't really have time to go out anymore
I don't mind that I always tell Brandon
like that's how I will be at YouTube and
what you need to do before anything
that's okay because I understand it you
know what I mean like I'm here to help
you guys I don't mind I obviously don't
mind staying inside hanging out with
Jackie to me it's just as fun as going
out but going on a date is just like
it's it's refreshing like I'm not always
at home in my room on my laptop
yeah actually yeah yeah I actually have
a girlfriend yeah sometimes I forget
