what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka audits and today I am bringing you
guys a story time video I have not done
any stories on video and so long and
there's a reason that I wanted to tell
you guys this serious story today we'll
get more into that later but before we
start this video I just want to give a
really really special shout out to
Jayden now you guys don't know who
Jayden is but let me explain really
quick so the San Diego fair comes to San
Diego once a year and I always go and
play the games and win a bunch of prizes
but this year what I decided to do I
decided that every single prize that I
went from any game at the San Diego fair
I am going to save them up and keep them
here up until the fair's over and once
the fair is over every single toy or
stuffed animal that I won at the fair I
am going to donate it to the Children's
Hospital and so I've been to the fair a
bunch of times ever since it came and
I've won a bunch of toys trust me it's
not easy the games over there are so
hard but every single time I go I don't
even go on the rides I barely go to even
eat any of the food I just make it my
mission to win as many prizes as I could
so I could donate it to the Children's
Hospital now if you're wondering where
Jayden comes into play so earlier today
I went to the fair and I was playing the
games and I was trying to win prizes and
Jayden is a six year old boy who came up
to me and I kid you not he knew
everything about my videos he knew as
we've seen a little detail
this little boy six years old and I was
like bro I was in shock I was like come
here give me a hug that's crazy
and he came up to me with a toy that he
had and he gave it to me and so he is
helping because a six-year-old boy he
knew everything about my videos is crazy
one of my biggest fans and he gave me a
toy and I know this video has nothing to
do with the fair or it wasn't a vlog at
the fair but I told him I was so happy I
told him that I would let him in my
video yo guys I know this probably
doesn't match the video that I'm doing
right now but I had to put this in my
video because this is really cool
Jayden wants to give me this toy he's a
huge fan if you want to give this to me
thank you both I told them I said are
you sure you don't want it
thank you so he gave me a Tabasco
so you're donating this to the
Children's Hospital I'm giving it so
you're helping them out thank you
so Jayden shout out to you it's amazing
you you're six years old and you're
helping out a cause so thank you so much
I just want to share that really quickly
anyways now it's time to get into what
this video is all about and it is
actually crazy so like I mentioned
earlier this video I told you there's a
reason I wanted to tell the story today
and that reason is because this story
took place about five years ago out the
NBA Summer League and what is coming up
next week the NBA Summer League so I
feel like it's a fitting time it's the
perfect time to tell this story and I
can't believe I haven't told it yet it's
crazy and you could ask Brian Eno's
about this you could ask all my friends
they all know about this and I can't
believe this happened but I'm ready to
tell you guys the story so Brandon here
aka Avery waters and you're about to
hear a story of how I got threatened and
pretty much got confronted by NBA
superstar DeMarcus Cousins so this was
about five years ago I say about 16 or
17 years old and the NBA Summer League
is always the first week of July and my
birthday is the end of June so end of
June first week of July they're really
close to each other so at this time I
think 2012 my parents had surprised me
with courtside seats to the NBA Summer
League I had never ever been to the NBA
Summer League and I had always wanted to
go so the fact that I got surprised for
my birthday by my parents I was ecstatic
I was happy I had never been but I had
heard so many stories of how you can
meet players there and so I had been to
NBA games before but I had never met any
players so I was so excited and so it
was my birthday my parents surprised me
and so the day finally came we took the
trip to Las Vegas I'm in San Diego we
drove all the way to Las Vegas for this
about a six hour car ride and we finally
get there right so I'm the only one I
went by myself my parents stayed in the
hotel room Brian did it he didn't want
to come so it was just me by myself and
I go you know it's so weird because
everyone who had courtside tickets was
either people who worked for the team or
family member
of the players or or even players
themselves I was like one of the only
people I don't even know how my parents
got tickets they just shout out to my
parents because they must have been
planning it for a really really long
time little did they know what was going
to happen to me I'm sure they didn't
know that's why they got the tickets
because they hate me I'm just joking mom
dad I love you but so I get there and
I'm sitting down and I'm like the
sixteen seventeen year old boy and I'm
sitting there like bro I see these
people on TV all the time and it's
already like one of the best days of my
life and I haven't even seen the players
yet I'm just talking about you know some
people that work for the team some
assistant coaches maybe some members of
the trainings have nobody too serious
but just people that I see on TV all the
time and I have never met anybody from
the NBA world so this was all just crazy
to me and I'm not trying to brag or
anything but even when I was a kid I
used to watch a lot of basketball so
there would be people who would walk by
and nobody knew who they were but me I
would know who they were just cuz I want
so much basketball so they would gladly
take pictures of me because it's not
like they would get swarmed like I said
nobody knew who they were so when I'd
asked for a picture they want to be
bothered or anything they would gladly
take a picture because they didn't have
any fans they were just like assistant
coaches or like doctors for the team and
I don't know how the hell I knew them
but I guess that explains my life as a
kid I'll just watch a bunch of
basketball but I digress so on I'm there
the games haven't started yet I haven't
seen any of the players but I'm just
having a really really good time I'm
taking pictures with a bunch of people
that work for the NBA and in my head I'm
like bro this is crazy like my first
time ever meeting anyone from the NBA
and I'm meeting so many people and then
the games begin and so for Summer League
there's so many players of the teams
that go and so I started meeting a bunch
of players I met a couple of Spurs
players Danny Green this was so long ago
so I don't remember exact comment but I
had a bunch of pictures on my phone oh
and I met Joey Crawford the referee
doing okay to shorten up the story I met
a bunch of people so first it was just
like assistant coaches and training but
then once the game started I met a ton
of players and an actual coaches so this
day was just going it was great it was
literally the best day of my life
I didn't even care that I was there by
myself I was literally just a kid there
having the time of my life sitting
courtside for the first time
my life texting my parents like mom dad
thank you so much it's so fun and then
boom DeMarcus Cousins walks into the
building and every single player that
I've met so far has taken a picture with
me no problem they were all super nice
they were all really cool so I'm like
Dan I'm really about to get a picture
with DeMarcus Cousins and in my head I'm
like oh my goodness there's a couple of
empty seats right next to me and all the
other courtside seats are taken
so in my head I'm like okay this can't
be real there's no way that he is
sitting right here there's no way that
he's going to take these seats and he
keeps walking he keeps walking I'm
looking at through the corner of my eye
and he's walking my way and I keep time
I felt there is no way he is going to
sit right here but then I look around
and there's no other seats available so
those must have been his seats that's
what I was telling myself and little do
you know he walks over him and like it
heals with two other people that were
kind of like protecting him in front of
him and he sat right there right next to
me and in my head I'm shitting myself
I'm like yellow my first day ever being
courtside I meet a bunch of players I
meet a bunch of NBA people and now you
have DeMarcus Cousins NBA superstar
sitting right next to me this is unreal
this can't be real mind you though
DeMarcus Cousins when he was walking
over to the seeds there was so many kids
like asking him for a picture or
autographs and he was just ignoring all
of them and I'm talking like little kids
like a nine year old boys like I saw
that and he was just ignoring all of
them I don't know why I guess he has a
little reputation of being a hot if you
guys don't know who DeMarcus Cousins is
he's a really really talented really
really good basketball player but he
does have a lot of off court issues he
had some anger issues and he has a
reputation of being a hot hand and just
it's not good and that's one of the
biggest reasons that he got traded from
the Sacramento Kings is just his temper
and so you know he's sitting right next
to me and I didn't want to bother him
because like I said I saw a bunch of the
kids try to ask him for an autograph and
he turned all of them down but those
kids were kind of far away like he was
walking on the court and those
were like up in the stands so I thought
maybe he doesn't in sign the autographs
for them because because he would have
to go up into the stand and obviously
being a really really big NBA player
maybe he didn't want to go up into the
skin so in my head I'm thinking you know
I'm courtside
I'm literally one inch from him like
imagine me sitting right here and
imagine DeMarcus right here like right
next to me I was just watching the game
I didn't say where to him all game all
game I didn't say where to because I
didn't want to bother him he looked
really like everything you see on TV
about DeMarcus Cousins it was true in
person he looks really bothered really
bad really annoyed and so I didn't want
to bother him but then I waited til the
time was right till the game was over I
didn't say a single words I didn't want
to bother him till the game ended I
simply looked at him and I asked yo
DeMarcus do you think I could get a
picture that's all I said and I already
had my phone out I was already ready so
I wasn't going to waste any time and you
know what he did he looked at me and he
went nah and in my head I'm like wait
maybe I didn't hear much I was like oh
wait I can't get a picture he said nah
and he turned away like this like I'm
not gonna lie my heart kind of like a
got crushed in my head I was like every
single player that I've asked for a
picture today they took it every single
person I've asked for autographs
they signed every single book person
I've said what's up - they said what's
up and I was courtside so like it wasn't
a hassle or it wasn't a bother at all
and so now all I did I asked the markets
for a picture and in the rudest meanest
voice and face just looked at me and
said nah and then turned away and mind
you guys even though I'm telling you I
was like 16 or 17 years old
I was so little I was like a little kid
guys look I probably weighed like 90 or
100 pounds
I wasn't even 5 feet tall I was like 4
foot 11 I was this little shrimp little
teeny kind of kid got when I kid you not
me being this tall and like having this
beard and see I hit puberty really
really like late so yes my age might
have been 16 but I looked like a little
kid so this is DeMarcus Cousins pretty
much talking like that - who look like a
little little kid and I wasn't even up
in the stands yelling out for anything I
was
right next to it yes I know I look
really really young for a 16 year old
I'm telling you I hit puberty really
really late but that's my point so it's
not like DeMarcus was being rude to some
big 16 year old no I was some little
shrimp kid and he said he probably
thought I was like 11 or 12 because
that's how old I looked and so here's
where the story look you guys think that
was it you guys think it was clickbait
and all he did was say 9 turned away on
the story over
none and then oh this is where that
things take a turn for the worse so when
DeMarcus said no you know I pulled my
phone out I go on Twitter and you know I
only have like 100 or 200 followers not
100,000 I was just it was a long time
ago I only have like 100 or 200
followers and so I tweet and in my head
you know having that small Twitter
account no one's going to see what I
tweet except for like a couple of my
best friends and that's it and I said I
don't remember exactly what the tweet
was but I tweeted something like
DeMarcus Cousins did not you have a
picture in a very rude way something
like that I don't remember the exact
words and I didn't tag him in it I
didn't mention him or anything I just
tweeted and I put my phone away and you
know I'm just sitting there like I said
the game was over it's all the stands
were emptying out DeMarcus Cousins was
about to get up and leave and so he
stands up ok and he pulls his phone out
you know what I don't care I'm just like
nah I'm just minding my own business he
looks at me after he pulled his phone
now okay he turned his phone towards me
I look at his phone could he shows it to
me it's my Twitter my Twitter account
Gus is on his phone screen and at first
I'm like yo this is so cool like my
Twitter is on DeMarcus Cousins phone
what is he showing me and then he clicks
on the tweet that says DeMarcus Cousins
is rude or is DeMarcus Cousins dead a
convicted me he's so rude something like
that he clicks on the tweet and you know
what he says he said is this you and I
look at in my head I'm like should I lie
and say no or does my profile picture
look like me so I was just straight up I
was like yeah that's me mind you I would
like to little kid I did not look like
this I looked like a little little kid
so I was like yeah that's me and you
know what DeMarcus Cousins told me he
looked up the tweet again and then he
looked back at me he said you wanted a
picture with me now also you're not
getting a picture
but what do you think I should do to you
after seeing this tweet and I shit
myself
I'm telling imagine demarcus freaking
cousin's 7-foot tall almost 300-pound
monster looking me the little shrimp
that I was in the face and asking me
what do you think I should do to you
after seeing this sweet I didn't know
what he meant was he going to punch me
was he going to kick my ass and I was
like uh I don't know and he said you
really think you deserve a picture after
that and I was like bitch you weren't
going to give me a picture in the first
place no I'm just joking guys I
definitely did not say that but that's
what I wanted to say and I was like
probably not and he said yeah you don't
and he walked away guys I thought he was
going to pick me up by my shirt grab me
and freak like he looked at me like he
was going to do that first of all let me
just say that ruined my whole day like I
was just sitting there and like I
thought the whole blame on myself
see I was like dang why did I even tweet
that like it just ruined my whole mood
for the rest of the day and like I was
so scared when he confronted me I was
like yo I just got confronted the hell
out of by an NBA superstar my first day
ever being criticized just because I
asked for a picture and I decided to
tweet something stupid oh yeah oh hold
on I forgot to explain it you might be
asking how the hell did he see your
tweet because one of my friends well
obviously now we joke around about it
but I was so mad at the time one of my
friends after I tweeted that so like I
said I tweeted the thing about DeMarcus
Cousins
but I didn't tag him any one of my
friends knew that I was sitting next to
him he tagged DeMarcus Cousins a million
times in that way he kept replying with
DeMarcus Cousins DeMarcus Cousins his
aunt named up until I guess DeMarcus
Cousins saw because obviously when
DeMarcus Cousins mentions were blowing
up by my friend just tagging him and
tagging him and tagging a million times
over and over and over again he's
obviously going to click to see what the
hell he's being tagged in so when he
clicked to see what my friend was
tagging him in that's when he saw my
tweet so now me and my friend his name
was David we joke about it now but at
the time I was broke why would you do
that to me
and he's like I didn't know he was
confront you like
that so that child to markets got to saw
my tweet so that that's when he pulled
it up and asked me is this you and
that's when I kid you not my heart first
it got happy I was like oh shit my
Twitter's on an NBA player spelled
that's so tight and then what he said
what do you think I should do like all
bro my heart especially it being
DeMarcus Cousins but it could have been
someone nice like definitely well Devin
Booker was on like 15 years old at the
time but I'm saying it has to be
DeMarcus Cousins see the player who
already has a reputation of being really
mean and really rude I don't know I just
got carried away and I tweeted that
obviously I regret it and I was scared I
was just like I don't know what you
should do to me but that was so messed
up because like I said you guys saw the
way I looked I might have been 16 years
old but there's no one to Marcus cousins
knew I was 16 he probably thought I was
like 12 11 maybe 13 and he's talking to
like a little kid like that I feel like
that was really really messed up but I
guess that's just the way some people
are and now I look back at it and laugh
but let me tell you straight up I was
not laughing at the time it was really
really scary and I didn't know what he
was going to do I kind of did want to
say like yelled hit me because I'm not
gonna go a lawsuit and you know he makes
like almost 20 million dollars beers so
I would've been straight but I
definitely didn't say that to his face
and I don't care you could call me a
bitch you could call me a pussy but if a
seven-foot-tall nearly 300 pounds NBA
player is telling me what do you think I
should do to you I'm definitely not
going to see anybody I don't know what
you want to do I'm not gonna do that so
you could call me a bitch that's up to
you but I'm definitely not going to
stand up to a 7-foot of faith and and
confronted back especially when I was 16
I wasn't even like this I wouldn't do it
like this anyways but it's even worse
considering our 16 years old and because
I kid you not that day was just ruined
for me from that point on I just didn't
know what to think like my mind was just
racing like yo this is so cool that it
happened because now I have a story to
tell to my kids I never knew I would end
up being a youtuber after that and tell
to you guys I thought it would just be a
story to tell my wife and kids one day
but here I am telling it to 2.1 million
people of the blog so like in my head
I'm on yo that's cool I can tell a story
but at the same time I was like both I
feel so stupid I just got confronted and
the two people that he was with saw me
they probably think I'm some idiot like
why did I even tweet that I deleted the
tweet
and I don't know but I just feel like
summer league is next week and I'm going
to be attending NBA Summer League I feel
like this was the perfect time to tell
you guys a story oh man that was crazy
and I will never forget that you guys
could ask Brian you could ask any of my
friends they all remember cannot
toileted on so many times I just wanted
to leave the event after that happened I
didn't even want to say I wanted to call
my parents and say mom dad please come
pick me up and let me just say guys I
understand I was in the wrong for
tweeting about him because it just
doubled me to tweet about someone who's
sitting right next to me I wasn't the
wrong for that but at the same time to
DeMarcus Cousins
you can't take a simple picture that
just blows my mind like and just like I
show to my fans every single time I meet
a fan I take a picture I conversate with
that if they want a hug I give them a
hug and I just I love my fans and I'm
just extremely grateful that I'm in the
position that I am today
so maybe I just think that other people
think like me which obviously isn't the
case but you know if you're in the NBA
getting paid to play basketball I don't
know all the other players were really
really cool DeMarcus was and well
especially well my mind is that I was
literally right next to Mike when I say
one inch away I literally mean like his
knees were touching my knees the whole
game and I waited all the way till the
end of the game so I didn't bother him
but my point is I wasn't up in the
stands yelling yo Jamarcus please and he
would have to walk over just to take a
picture I was literally right next to
him and I already had my phone out so I
didn't waste his time I didn't say well
can I get a picture and then reach for
my phone and open it to camera
everything was already set I was right
next to I know NBA players who would
literally go out of their way and walk
all the way up the stand just to take a
picture
uh-huh Devin Booker and Eric Bledsoe I
know players like that and then there's
players like DeMarcus who won't even all
he have to do my photos audio out just
turn against take a picture and that's
it but anyway guys that's going to close
out today's video I really want to know
what you guys think about all this so
please comment down below I don't know
just comment what would you do in that
situation when DeMarcus Cousins was
looking you in the face and saying what
do you want me to do to you after you
tweeted this what would you guys do I
want to know that I want to know just
what you guys think about this whole
situation it was crazy and I can't
believe I've never said it to you guys
anyways the washcloth thank you so so
much for watching this video once again
Jayden
I appreciate you you're doing a really
good thing you're helping out for a
really good cause as such
thank you for the stuffed animal I'm
pretty sure someone at the Children's
Hospital is going to appreciate it and I
appreciate the support for watching my
videos because I kid you not you are one
of the biggest fans I've ever met and
it's so adorable how you're six years
old but you know so much about my life
so thank you and to all you guys
watching this video thank you so much
for watching I really hope you guys
enjoyed and I need to get some sleep
because it's about 2:00 in the morning
and I need to be up really really early
because nv8 here to keep things short
and simple for all you guys who don't
really keep up with basketball I have an
NBA channel and this weekend is going to
be the busiest day for NBA news so I'm
going to be making a bunch of videos on
my NBA channel if you guys want to
subscribe to that I'll have the link in
the description down below it's going to
be hectic I'm pretty much going to be
doing like double uploads between this
channel and my NBA channel for the next
week I guess I don't know it depends how
crazy these NBA news are so definitely
check out that channel if you haven't
already anyways guys I love you so so
much thank you so much for watching this
video I need to get at least a little
bit of sleep for wasps squad I love you
guys all and I hope you I guess last up
this video thought it was funny fell bad
thought I was stupid whatever you guys
want to think I love you guys all peace
