what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters today I'm here with my
beautiful Gulf guns what are you wearing
I don't know it looks cute don't get me
wrong but today we are going to go to
the San Diego fair oh wait hold on I
forgot to do this that's the whole
reason I did intro was to do this mmm
and then when you open it up your salute
hmm
this shirt is literally a selfie of me
look the nose is literally my nose oh my
god someone's smoking that Wow yeah shit
anyway this has to be that empties bus
ride
it is a part of us see they have the
poles for the girls
now for me the party game tag we got
some more guests guys no one else's turn
your makeup looks good
for someone who did know for someone who
did it in a moving car it actually looks
good
how do you do this in the car that's a
talent it's a special talent
are you gonna do highlight to highlight
blue I love highlight yeah it looks good
look oh my god I don't look like shit
right now oh you don't
okay guys so every time I come to the
fair I have one rule I don't touch the
ride I don't trust it over here they all
come
okay guys no world we're only a couple
of steps in like the entrance is just
right there and we already have so many
supporters on now that's crazy we're not
up to you guys
she says she's not missing the vlog
tomorrow because she's in it oh thank
you guys but look who decided to show up
shout out some guy
Gulen you look at the bones ahead but
not more handsome then oh my all these
sister days are so what we plan on doing
right now we are planning on finding the
nastiest food at the fair because you
guys already know the fair is known for
I don't want to say nasty but they have
some pretty weird food and we're going
to have Jackie and Zara test out some
food obviously nothing will go against
your will
obviously what's Exhibit A Zara you're
ready that's disgusting
they're going to try deep fried frog
legs
rahmel you want to get in on this action
all you want to try it no you're in
sleep bro where's Justin Justin's
meeting fans yeah I'll pay for it if you
guys are eating frog legs my pleasure
you try all right bro it's my pleasure
to watch you eat frog I'll pay for it no
worry might be throwing up in the
airplane tomorrow yeah you want to try
it okay so you're going to try the
Krispy Kreme okay slow down I don't know
the price is always me both okay peanut
butter meatballs deep fried frog legs
and peanut butter meatballs how about
that well you got caught up with all the
fans or what all right let's do it
both they're about to try deep fried
frog legs and peanut butter covered
meatballs Zara and Jackie they're down
bro okay so the order is in the food is
being made I'll talk a little bit about
you fair I'm a fair person but
Oh No okay so this is deep-fried peanut
butter meatballs
let me some info no it smells like
freakin bad my balls yes the high balls
November widest balls
honestly we asked her what are the two
worst things on the menu and she named
it deco we were going to buy a dog leg
and peanut butter meatballs so but you
guys can tell you're not going to sue me
after no well I will okay are you
another see you in the courtroom Tony
we're waiting on the frog leg and then
we're going to dig in shut up and that's
good great job guys remote wood got the
frog legs came on the frog legs came
with fries and when I was eating the
fries bro you already have the trade to
see the progress always digging into all
the fries and he's only leaving them the
frog legs
yo that's just good thing Bo okay so
once again peanut butter covered
deep-fried meatballs
that's for Bosley I'll take a home
that's really nothing for me I'll give
that to Romel okay let's see czars
reaction all right oh okay not bad
she said it's really groans it's really
good oh okay babe you yeah what are you
there the paramedics like over there
safe go how is it I think they have to
finish it
yeah don't you guys have to finish your
no that was in the contract come on sit
down you are not allergic to peanut
butter no you're not I know you too well
you can't trick me okay bill vote just
above the leg this is so strong it's
literally just a frog it's like they
just like the guillotine chopped off the
body okay babe this time your lucky
number one cuz our own went first last
time she hit think I know they're strong
I feel like this one isn't gonna be that
bad I'll bite in Changsha law oh shit
that's a big boy
oh okay okay yeah she likes it that's a
big bite remember thinkin it no come on
babe just 100 she didn't say it out she
didn't spit it out trying to honor her
eyes are watering
oh my gosh their eyes are watering right
now the highlight is on point though so
it's okay oh my gosh you're crying I
could tell you're crying okay you saw
that yeah you told it how was it
disgusting it's like so chewy
so that would be Atari proud I'm
watching come-ons all right every older
brothers dreamed to see you younger
sister eve prague leg I don't spin Holly
she's ready uh
Zhora here's a napkin musical what is it
like rubber you got this all the boys
are talking shit or not even eating any
of it I can't wait for it to finish like
a surprise
Broly if I take one bite you take one
bite come on lighten the Lord that's
fine Bo are you good
Jackie's mom when you watch this I did
not make them try it they wanted to try
it okay me and all the Brandon just so
the dreams are made of there's no way
for me to grow anything further
philosophy and it's going to stand for
mothers enough why does live here we go
it's strictly for Rome Elvis choral
bells they show how much I love it
very small of that oh the best I'll ask
you is it better than soy sauce now with
salty and sour like this one pursuit a
from the pond of a different like no
good job Brandon
I'll leave but anyways until next time
guys we'll catch you later
justic all that elbow that's all he runs
from the Buffalo when I'm on the
opposite team if I throw up tomorrow
flight in the morning at 8 a.m.
fuck them up well the rain is it isn't
just boy comes on your boner for ya this
bone there's a boy we were oh shout out
to the Pilatus montina motherfucker
Tilghman
let's go Shaq diesel that's we go that's
we let me out one is good it is good but
chick he's are hungry he wants to eat
that right now
can you get it around all the reason it
tastes good to him is for it cuz it's
free that's the only reason I'm good
rather a smuggler you just on the public
yeah some black so people like you like
peanut butter do my thing about not
being butter feet the lattice ball they
don't like that I don't know this yes so
I think I'm sorry
well now that we got our food pour out
the way it's time to go play some game
let's make you this that's actually mine
bro well now I have herpes really okay
guys so all these over you're trying to
blame me if he throws up on its flight
tomorrow blaming him bro no one told you
to eat 5 million buys I said take one
bite I'm a big boy so if you have one
buy I have to double triple it out now
that I did it like I'm starting to sink
in what I just did I'm starting to like
look at you it oh my god so I just met
these two huge fans Alex and Alan and
actually I met them right here last year
and they still have the pictures can I
see oh that's Broadus without the beard
is it crazy but with a ship all of us
grew up so much within the last year you
know crazy how time flies well lastly
you were just a little K now your old
man's crazy huh yeah score say what's up
to the ball
what is it so Jackie's getting a corn a
huge corn so I'm just cruising down
we're about to go play some games and
look at this hoodie both thank you so
much I appreciate that
see it means a lot thank you eight and
you got limited edition they're not even
on sale anymore
whatever oh how are you well honestly I
know I said I don't go on rides and I'm
scared of heights but if Fromelles down
to go on the ferris wheel just me and
him I'm down
now I'll win ramela prize though I'm
gonna play a game she just wonderful
Park
look at all these rigged games if you
win one of these games you're like
magical got a knock down two bottles in
a row I got a knock two in a row
and I don't think I mentioned this in
the video but every single toy I win
after the fair closes I'm gonna donated
to the Children's Hospital at that one
for me okay except I'll get one to
Jackie and the rest will go to
Children's Hospital so uh let's do it
let's go
what baseball and getting there the
editing program I'll cut you all this
shit out
Oh
price of them
how about the joke
Oh
hey what more games like besides they
always take possibly could never finish
ah the beer itself for me oh okay
how many game now come up hook him up
worker worker can you get three games
for five bucks come on he's a good guy
come on you put more wattle feel oh he
gets more bottle for me well please
don't Wayne you're gonna make me look
bad on my own vlog
brother Justin works here now since
Romel Dahomey hopper he gave him the
homie discount three games for five bug
hey you got to hit the bottles roll ball
come on Kershaw look at Jackie in your
own world what are you playing this is
so hard
Holly do you like your outfit nice to
close it off I like this there's me too
I like the nice and covered up one go
babe
Oh Oh Brandon to the game seven this is
a game seven I feel bad for Jackie she's
gonna have to give me a three-hour
massage we're back every single toy we
way no matter which game no matter which
day when the fair's over we're going to
go to radio to hospital and donate all
oh hey we changing water about a part of
them
I've got acquired over think about 400
mark I thought of God I just his hand
here's an example how we're supposed to
do
fired like when one a pig I don't want
to see a pig
you 101 more take the price down because
this one it goes oh intermission
good job Jackie
Oh oh my oh yeah baby you want oh my god
I don't want a prize I want a new arm
finally winner whoo
thank you if that thang worker I'll come
back both yo I never want to see this
game ever again I'm I'm gonna have
nightmares of all these bottles too much
money spent here but it's for the
Children's Hospital this is the one
Jackie one it is like impossible to win
we're bringing out the big guns careful
he plays baseball wait I want to warn
you guys you might have to get ready to
take all the prizes down because he
plays baseball I'm warning you yeah he's
wearing a baseball tee come on Ollie you
gotta hit the bottle not the broken
glass bro go go okay hook shot what a
boat what's up dude
nice to meet you both okay let's see
Jackie imagine Jackie wins it go babe
thanks babe wrong side you almost hit
the hook yo guys oh hey suits who's a
really huge supporter of mine said that
he bought these shoes right after I
bought them thank you bro it means a lot
you guys know we had to stop by the bath
ball hose before we have to leave but
look at these rims they're so bad if I
make one in these this is damn near
impossible it's like a football shape
but let's do it it's time to make one hi
oh that was a wagon every day 100%
of all the users
if that one can all the recording all I
said that one came out I would have
retired from a sort of app without
having done over okay
Oh everyone's coming so the most
important part of the vlog we are all
about to go pee together we're all about
to go pee together I say we make the
eggs I'm Johnny friends @p together stay
together not just be together but what I
mean by the eggs you go on the same
stalls and you guys crisscross so you go
eggs it's hard to explain I'll just show
it in the vlog now I'm doing joking I
can't show this in the book I'm singing
hash hash hash tag
oh yeah cuz well yeah I got the small
house every time I play the basketball
Shay at the bear it lowers my
self-confidence so bad because I missed
so many shows walked in the whole
dissimulate oh my god
now guys I swear to you every time I
come to the fair I leave thinking I'm
the worst basketball player on earth
that's what well but but I always leave
thinking is me cuz I missed on the shot
but in reality the rims are so Bank
like imagine getting a football and
placing it sideways that's how the rims
are I don't even know how the vault they
said I'm surprised that I made one right
now but can I love you pink but you want
me to put the camera away
I love it okay guys back to what I was
saying before roemello got embarrassed
to pee on camera and made me turn it off
half the shot No 90% of the shots that
you miss at the fair you would make them
at a regular jam it's just the way that
the rim is how many shots have you made
up a fair in your life
only one one and rimmel funny at the gym
I don't like to hide the mother he
United stopped some shots at the gym
like though I for salmon granted
learning me how about the block
yesterday I broke Rome L was coming at
the rib and he was about to light up and
I even told him before he went for a
lamp I said don't come here he came and
I've lost him
I blocked it a nice one against mine hey
Justin who blocked Romel yesterday oh
that was so bad I called it I said don't
come here bro
anything you look down right after you
lay in shame
yeah honestly I don't know how I made
this basketball shot it's usually
impossible to make that's why they give
you such a huge prize when you make it
this was a good day though one prize two
prize three this is no this is Fetty WAP
it's my artist but not my intro song
that's 679 Zara do you guys have fun
kids
thank you fuck off Oh No look at
Jackie's swag with the toys I gotta be
back here at 7 a.m.
oh they schedule you at 7 a.m. and spit
up a bottle Justin I think what you need
to work on you need to be more talkative
oh here we go let's do it let's go we're
all trying to sit closer so we can get
popcorn please some pain just inside
right next door remote facing her
Jackie's turned all the way around all
these just because she had the popcorn
oh no
