where are we going where are we going
where are we going
more I think you have room to back our
don't you yeah no you don't need to tell
Jackie the mover car yeah don't tell
Jackie to move just yeah no no no you
got a room like just try to UM like
split the defense dribble between the
defender and just like way can you set a
pick for me though
yeah I'll set a pick right here guys I
love setting pigs could you could grab
your take it this way we're going to get
copyrighted got the invite are extremely
depressed right now because right why
didn't we go stupid I didn't even think
about it so I didn't even know like I
thought it was next month no like I'm
doing I don't so for those who don't
know we're talking about future and me
go have a concert in San Diego Brian
where do we live San Diego
why didn't we not go I don't know if I
know we're sitting here on the way to
the ball and I don't know what hey me I
like wave right why didn't we not go to
future because we usually go to Congress
to lay down yeah I trust me I looked up
the distance to the venue because I'm
like okay maybe we still have time but
with all the traffic and everything we
would be way to lay so what we're doing
is we're having like our own little
tantrum and last take it dad
okay so we've listened to future when
does he go now hey guys so me go to make
their appearance for the concert oh look
I can imagine what do you think they
would come out throughout the concert
what do you think they would come out to
ha ha ha do we wanna play by the show
how gonna do soup or no imagine being at
the cousin here do you know in the mabry
will do if Avery little area it may
bring 21,000 I love every single one of
those people why don't we go where's
officer annoying I wish we can remind
you just yesterday yes where is it and
we'll go buy tickets that's all we need
eyes can't imagine what has our luck
since we didn't go they bring out drink
yes whether we didn't go generally to go
brain doctor
okay guys I don't know how much we're
going to vlog out this contact we're
just trying to have a good time on
cameras or anything we're going to enjoy
this future amigos concert I missed the
exit
uncle we you missed the exit right
through the right side wait they're
awake until arrival are you kidding me
the mall already closes - oh so due to
that concert we were having in the car I
really didn't even know Brian missed the
exit stop there has to be able to the
mall and it's already 8 p.m. the mall
closes at 9:00 and we missed it Brian
okay guys so we're gonna find a shortcut
or even real freaking different way to
the mall and let's just enjoy the
concert right well we're so stupid for
not going why don't we go actually
stolen delete God and the worst thing
ever the most depressing stuff is
watching snapchats of the concert you
know right yeah you know hoping snapchat
yeah you're smart Brian no more watching
snaps guys that's the most impressing
thing guys watching the snapshots of a
concert that you didn't go to for what
reason
rubbie we did nothingness master
Cuervo judge my head Clem oh right here
I got this I got it
Qualcomm Stadium where the Chargers used
to play before they moved to freakin LA
there's no more cynical Chargers and I'm
so sad about that I'm not even looking
forward to NFL season anymore Chargers
why you do this to me
egos don't ask for for fights you know
how many toes are going to fuck me out
here at the mall go well come on oh my
god this album en liner all the way and
we forgot our IDs after how I'm deaf
Brendan really want us to go all the way
back home why don't we guys we just try
to talk to you but if we decide to go we
have to go right this second guys I'm so
down to go to the concert right now but
in your generation all the way back home
and then all the way back south which is
going to take like an hour the weight
networks right let's just go if we miss
a couple of the phones we're fine right
I get up to you though it's up to you if
you don't wanna go with oxygen I want to
guys know and you party valet while
you're for exactly one charge right
there you know I don't care about the
charge I'll take by the charge to tell
not to take your car guys we've been at
the mall for about one minute we listen
a new Gucci shirt and that rough okay I
just thought about Mike Ryan let's go
guys the concert started by Dotel not to
take your car but constant already
started it's been like an hour but
realistically I don't think future
amigos are going to come out till the
end they usually don't come out in the
beginning I'll update you guys in the
car the cars still here thank God ballet
did take it back but this is going to be
the biggest mission ever we're going to
have to go all the way back to our house
and then go all the way to where the
concert is so in reality we're going to
it's going to be like another hour and a
half you got to figure there's some
traffic on the way to the concert just
because it's future and me goes so it's
going to be packed and then we got to
find parking we got to get down we got
to get tickets we don't have any tickets
yet guys there's going to be a mission
but we're ready we're trying to go to a
concert
your call may be monitored on record is
trying to book tickets right now we
don't you have to get down to an
extension please Center it down
having a disability Millikan's I don't
know the assistant what questions about
annex ending order to release and are
not affiliated with any primary bank
okay ma'am thank you on our site
represent a resale prices of tickets as
set by our sellers and on the face okay
if I would say it's cold and raining on
his head please press one on what press
one for what noticed how much of a
mission is this are you call my name is
Sergio my pleasure jinglun hi this is
Brandon
hi Brandon how you doing today good how
are you I'm great thank you fast know
what if I can um is it is there any way
we are still able to get tickets for the
concert that's going on right now right
here Paula Campbell 13 to 7 p.m. teacher
mattress sure magazine in Chula Vista
California yes sir coming but two
tickets would be perfect I have a little
on instant download Hillary Memphis yeah
okay was time to honor middle so there
are not you enjoy this right now I have
on
download delivery Memphis okay was done
on wheels
oh there are no tickets left these
tickets this whole zone and there
wouldn't be any other website that sell
then it's just all need to hear just
real I don't know how I can have all the
tickets
so you're the plug trust we're number
one in that market okay thank you very
much for calling my name is Sergio
anything to the beach initial free
chemical god I was little depressing
fall why did he make it
he might started with youngsters but you
have your like o to lon okay yeah
hey um I was wondering if there was any
chance that you guys still had tickets
to the concert going on right now guest
a nail oh they do
oh okay and then sorry if I'm asking too
many questions but do you have any idea
when the main performers are going to
come out okay so I'm uh I'm amigo their
future fan of up 925 and York us tonight
in 211 thank you you on this but also
there's you there's no way we're gonna
catch me goes bright my art one freaking
hard
Wow why did I smell super yummy goes
step your game up quibble but okay fine
but are you still doubt to be future
I'm down I like to be hopeful we are
from her house and the help our driver
like a grandma
oh I'm not I know but they don't want
your mad it ain't like what are you too
angry look you're just laying right now
decide Brian up to you will update the
fall I know this may like be out of the
question but is there any way you guys
can ask him he goes to come out like 30
minutes later no they want as Matt back
I think they're only out on the beat and
I'm calling right now that's so dirty of
them I think they came out early we are
so far from around like versus North
good god we are so far from a house
right now and then once you get to our
house we are so far from the place at
the content - all wild in like 45 - now
yeah that's rising that lead yeah and
it's me goes broke okay okay
it's so stupid so if you're wondering
why we didn't just stay at the mall it's
because like it just hit us like we're
going to the concert like you know what
you just do things okay guys so we're
about to be back home the plan is to get
my ID because I don't have it and you
need your ID to buy tickets so uh the
thing is Brian's still debating because
as you can tell that look how long it's
in us just to get home though it's all
ours
so and then from here all into the place
it's almost an hour away okay guys so we
don't know we're going to do it but I'm
down if you are okay guys sad sad news
in the waters household after thinking
about it there's just no way that we
would be able to go all the way from
here although there you gotta figure
there's traffic - this sucks we already
left the mall but I don't think we're
going to go some concert this is what
happens we too hope 30 minutes to the
mall we got there we got down for two
minutes we figured it's that we wanted
to go then we drove all the way back
here to get your ideas and we figured it
was just too late so it sucks living so
far away from everything guys that's the
cons of living in this house it's so
isolated like in a gated community with
like security and like just pretty much
in the middle of nowhere that now
everything is so far away so we drove
like 40 minutes to the mall where from
our other house it was only like 15
minutes guys wow this has not been our
day honestly is nahban our day Brian
sorry we had to leave
from the mall tanning week we tried and
then okay guys really really quickly
what I wanted to say was number one
Sergio
mr. liar you're not my anywhere else I
get you're trying to brand your website
or whatever but you can't lie like that
oh if you're not going to get tickets to
me you're not going to find them
anywhere else
the very next place I call she had
tickets and she was really nice about
him so Sergio my man cut it cut it cut
it
and Bryan again I'm sorry we got all the
way to the mall and we we could make out
one buy a shirt not good I so I have
wasted Bryan's time no you're good as
fun not really what I was onto what do
they call it freaking mall
yeah guys that's this was probably one
of the biggest fails on YouTube it has
to be and what are we literally left the
mall after a minute that's crazy I just
feel you know mobster rated but all the
whole way back but not head will go into
concert with the concert and then first
of all the Dracula's tickets are sold
out yeah that's what we're like okay
we're not Anna brain is like let me let
me just call someone else right away
she's like yeah we do have ticket so we
got our host agree oh I don't know guys
it was just a huge fail
take out something close this video out
really quick I just want to say that yes
it was a huge fail that we couldn't go
to the Future concert and just
everything that happened around it was
just a really really big field but the
pros of having a really really
down-to-earth super fun girlfriend is
that I'm going to have just as much fun
right now just me and Jackie hanging out
at the house that I would have had a
concert so yeah it says that I couldn't
go but honestly me and happy have a ton
of fun together
that's why not only she might go from
but she's also my best friend because I
hang out with her and just have a lot of
fun so on you're even having the Epis
message and to show you with my shirt to
survive what I mean how Jackie and she
just really fun and but I mean things
like this so tell me a lot camping
outfit milk or no because eyes in the
room your belly buddy way as I retain
the milk of it I'm not okay guys maybe
she's a little too fun I was just going
to eat an Oreo for belly button and now
since that way I thought you were going
to put the milk in my belly button and
do you want - I don't think that's
healthy among isn't it am i also datoria
yeah okay guys this is Jackie turquoise
so you're going to dip the oil milk out
of them oh you can't see the milk but
until eight let me I yeah there's a lot
of people like to accuse me for
laundering space and then I to me I
always want to jack it up to you guys
look you guys fun fact about brain is
you love to live fun fact about your
guys when I'm about to get cold okay
three two one oh wait that's so cool
thinking I was like oh wait my tumors
your public in the bargain I told I want
a nice little crumb what do the values
here yeah okay wait one more why should
I eat this one awesome
I'll get the League Cup I'm a meant to
eater here this I'll do all although I
was going to say off
I want highlight on my Mario ya know
like attention spinner I can position
the milk against question who all the
HTML at school okay hold on okay guys I
guess in the milk
look guys another shampoo that jump out
of water and catch the fish with all the
milk
guys I might go weird now okay hold it
up a Shelly's big three - oh if you see
three wait come closer please I can't
jump that high and I'm speaking exact
will be some culture culture like this
and no control culture a little higher
three two one bankrupt oh my is oh come
on Evan clap gimme yeah what do they
call it win another one can we get a
boo-boo
no like when they call encore ya know
the shambo's tired of hardcore no no no
you're literally wearing black I am a
shamble look black and white I'm
assuming a killer whale I mean mostly
not on board I don't get paid for two
jumps I get paid for one you can fit up
to the shin without you'll get paid what
were you did what how did that been wait
at what moment was the oil on the bed
how did that happen you did that but
when was over no you did it I didn't do
it you did it
guys all the boyfriends out there
anytime something happens just always
blamed on the girlfriend you did it you
did it
okay guys so I wasn't lying it was
Jackie
you guys saw how the Oreo the crumbs
were in her hand and she got off the bed
like this at first I thought I was lying
and saying it was your fault
but nope it really was Jackie this time
can we remember to lock the door okay
it's bulk if you guys don't know what
I'm talking about then you missed
yesterday's video but let's just
actually remember to lock the door this
time and now we could start our night
why are you wearing my shoes
it's polite but yeah guys so I do hope
you enjoyed today's video
it was so unexpected usually I think of
something and I planned something and
then I'd film but today we'll just kind
of just go with the flow
whatever happy to happen it started off
with me thinking it was going to be a
mall dog but obviously the mall did not
happen I feel really really bad for
Brian I've all done for him because I
know you want to do it to the mall but
then at the same time he also wanted to
go to the concert and we both tried to
make it happen but if only do away for
freeze time I wanted to become but you
know what I asked the girl that would
accept the concept
I like hey is there any way you can tell
Google to come out later until we get
there so yes I hope even though this
videos was kind of just everywhere I
feel like we get was all over the place
jump from here to there to here today
and it was so confusing what was going
on I still hope you guys enjoy because
at the end of the day I try to bring you
guys the best content that I could and I
know this one is the best video that I
can make but with everything that
happened I don't know it just came out
to play so I apologize I promise a
better video tomorrow and I still hope
you guys enjoyed drop a like in two days
subscribe if you are new anyways I'm
going to spend the rest of tonight with
my girlfriend eating Oreos in bed and
sometimes spending time with your
girlfriend by yourself
and I bet it's so funny because I
encourage friends to go out now because
I want to go out because I I feel bad
like I don't know like I want you to go
help fun and guys that's not the concert
honestly than it happens that's the
crazy thing about Jackie usually you
have girlfriends like you know I don't
want you to go out and let you're going
out with me and then you have Jackie she
lived over here Tommy
Bay I feel bad why didn't you go to the
concert with your French so we're gonna
go now and we're going to enjoy the rest
of our night hi guys
would you kiss no makes us out because
you do it I don't know what to do yeah I
do it to the boys of the broad yeah I'm
gonna go to the girls - oh you did like
how I kissed your grandma
Banaras matter look guys she's have to
change our Jesus okay
no my crazy side is about to come out
right now so uh and that changed like
people are going to ask like granted why
are you so stupid you have already at
the mall there was no way your time I
don't know what him e it's like I got
possessed like the second we got down at
the ball in my head I was just like
possessed a concert concert conflicts
are so fun and then I was a fun night
but not just fun but actually future
because we like that we've gotten to
that all the time I'm not a little go to
concerts of people that we like kind of
listen to and it's still like an amazing
time yeah when I did to like the rappers
that we actually was yeah exactly I
don't know guys so just hit I don't know
what got in my head it's like the devil
got my head saying you'll make it
branded you'll make it and we just
decide to buzz suspicious reality was we
never had top like there was no way we
had like I'm sorry I thought Brenda was
crazy but I got kind of possessed too
ugly okay what you do is you can do it
so I just got carried away so a lot of
people are gonna ask me Brandon why
would you do that after you already go
to the mall I just don't know for some
reason I thought we would be able to
make it we weren't
