what is going on you got Quentin here
aka Bharati and today I am here with
what you know I always say my beautiful
girlfriend Jackie yeah I want to try it
in Spanish guys let's see how much
Spanish is going what is the law you got
Brandon here hey everyone and today I'm
here with me Bonnie Genovia Jackie I
think that's close enough and well does
mark here Hermosa guys yeah I'm teaching
I'm going to do a video just slowly
teaching in Spanish just like I know all
the good word like boot opened a know
like all those today's video we are
bringing you guys a Q&A question and
answer and we haven't done one of these
in such a long time but yesterday I
thought about it we've added so many new
members of the robot squad that maybe
some people just want to get to know a
little bit better and there's a little
twist to this Q&A about half the
questions are going to be normal
questions just normal relationship
questions but the other half I asked you
guys on Twitter to ask me weird awkward
sexual whatever you guys wanted so I
hope you guys enjoyed the right to this
video if you're wondering why I'm
wearing that smell sort of this t-shirt
okay well you're probably about one
because I went to see it every single
day but I would be all the way to go
play bass bass the game as soon as we
finish this video
whatever that beyond the point and I
make up this trash because in terms of
overnight soaked and without further ado
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
chocolate like if you do put like just
just drop a like on this video if you
want to no no okay okay guys listen
let's just start this video ok so this
one was asked are you both ever going to
get your old place together
my answer is my answer to this question
is yes of course that's the plan but for
right now me and Brian kind of moved our
family into this big beautiful help so I
don't want to leave them anytime soon
and also it kind of just been always
been in my head that I'd rather move out
when we get married or at least close to
married not my parents want Jackie to
move in with us over here but that's not
the question the question is are you
guys ever going out together my
yet but probably when we get made or
posix medicine I'm a mama's boy I don't
want to leave my mom and dad your answer
I got a ring on my finger so I can't do
that you know until I see a ring bit how
many kids you guys want and also what
are you gonna name your kids I'll let
you go first no you go for a second I
actually don't know this I don't know it
it's just easy to me how many kids do
you want obviously I want a boy so if
we're going to have 20 girls first and
still not have a boy that we're going to
have 21 kids if we're gonna have 40
girls person on whoops I'm going to end
up having 41 kids now I'm just joking
guys I would take a boy ah two kids is
that fine
yeah the mattress that's why I say I
want more than two Oh God what happens
to be two girls then yeah because I want
to go your way - I mean yeah I want to
voice okay so you're with me when I say
we can have a 50 girl to put on okay
yeah no but really the ideal situation
for me is one girl one boy yeah because
I want a future NBA player what are you
going to name your kid some people ask
what if it's a boy or the girl I don't
care the gender the names will be Booker
so you could be a group no the boy has a
boy a boy yet the boy angry no there
needs to be like person no that's
welcome fuckery that's an odd call okay
it's a name to be ii know that it is a
boy Devon is it iconic so does the name
Booker just scream 70 like a nonstop sup
okay next one next one else beyond me
yeah no we need to talk about that day
love if we don't be on the navy Booker
then I don't know I'm genuine seniors
relationship so after the pain you mean
I go from the pain - what pain how to
argue about a name no stop okay we'll
come back to you guys for that yeah
whatever okay this question is only for
Jackie this is something that this
question actually keeps me up every
single night you know some days I'm up
all night thinking about
and I can't go to sleep but the question
is Jackie would you ever leave planet
for rug no hey come on come on come on
me and Ryan have a really close
relationship well why not just leave me
find them because we're like brother and
sister like I've never thought like
maybe Brian thinks of me Wallace might
that will be Brian's right like find us
come on that's rude that's my brother
yeah that's my brother do like my
brother I know but that's why can't you
see I have another minute bike engine
ignites your body is gonna watch the
video no way next question and this one
now this one got the most likes out of
any question but I got over 300
questions asked and of course this one
of the most like how many times have you
guys done it in the new house well
that's a silly question because honestly
I couldn't answer
I can't you got a figure like now I'm
not going to get to indent but yes I'm
getting that just think about the old
house with a lot and in this new house
has like so many new like like there's
the balcony door my own shower and like
closet like cuz I don't know I said okay
I'll get home
guys I told you this might have been a
sexual addiction and the answer goes
surprises
come on the answer is not you I'm into
discipline a hula is more likely to want
to have all day
branded or Jackie on the other good
because you guys are going to think it's
me and some of these replies that
question saying bro why would you ask
obviously it's branded note it jendi
it's not me that's a lie that's a lie
that's a yes
no you're making incident yesterday I'm
sleeping like this my hand is over here
I feel so much move my hand and put it
down nice
you said oh god that is a lie okay I had
to answer that question because
everybody would thinking to me but
honestly China it's time to water it
okay you want that morning and night and
then like in between sometimes I want it
in the morning okay yes because it's
wrong I wake up you know you gotta get
rid of morning wood and Jackie has a
misleading face of freaking his seem
insane like me it's all of them is
saying Q like hey guys Oh wha so I guess
we have opposite answers to them because
answer that we're literally they're wise
couple on YouTube and then why people
love us because we don't hide anything
off camera oh speaking of not hiding
anything
off camera this is a question that I
wanted to answer myself I purposely
picked this one just to show you guys
okay here I'll explain answer have you
guys ever gotten into a fight or you
guys never fight and even thought about
taking an actual break look I hate this
about YouTube couples I hated the
YouTube couples who act like there's
nothing wrong and they've never been in
an argument and they act like just as
their on-camera arguments don't exist no
role like we're regular couple just like
everybody else
we argue yet we've got in five who got
an argument over regular things that
other couples get into arguments just
cuz we have a camera and because we have
a YouTube channel and two million subs
doesn't mean that we don't argue we're a
regular couple just like you guys so do
we get arguments we going to fight yes
like here there we do but then the sex -
behan incantation okay users are usually
I didn't crazy but the second part of
that question have you ever thought
about taking actual break I'd only we've
never thought about taking a break yeah
we've got an argument small and some of
them have been bad but I don't think
it's ever gone to the point where we've
thought about that okay this next
question I didn't want
because I lost because I don't know I'm
not going to answer it a lot of people
ask this question so I had to single it
out
Brandon Jackie or Devin Booker oh here's
a buck arises okay I'm sure I'm gonna
thinkin maybe I'm gonna pick you anymore
I already know
look I just say that's why he's fucking
laughing this way hold on don't want
very close your eyes I want thank you
why does in front like I don't know like
I know you're picking them and Booker's
shirt right now it's not a shirt oh my
god why are you look there's no moon
because I really need to look what you
were doing I hate you
okay so um one of our fights has
obviously been about great in school no
one or more cotton soil tea obviously
look at that shit are you gonna be a
Phoenix on the championship one day yeah
okay this question back to bed okay okay
guys so tacky me this question said what
is the most awkward thing that has
habits you guys for the most awkward
situation
look so the floor before yesterday
easily when we got caught by the cops in
my car like doing it we got a call about
cops I made a video on that that would
have been the most awkward and weird
situation we've ever been in yesterday
like I'm not going to get into too much
details but let's say a new awkward
situation really necessary no nothing is
showing time on that ball to say I'm
definitely doubting your full time on
that but let's just say but do I usually
lock my door and I don't know how we
don't put applause and so like my mom's
freaking what do we didn't see are you
cheering what do you mean is Veggie
water you told me she said I didn't see
anything but I heard and
you know she is only saying that she
obviously saw my mom and kids open the
door and like I'm not into position or
anything but oh now that is a month
August efficient and then Jackie get to
Ted and Scott well like my mom said
Jackie's you look ha ha I didn't see
anything I promise you that ha ha and I
said what come downstairs for breakfast
I said bro I'd rather have my mom get
mad at me than her thing hot my last
like oh gosh well okay then which
happened yesterday
this happened freaking years today okay
other less me if there's anybody else
yes I was gonna go tell my mom I'm gonna
pick me up
threw me off the dock and she would
escape and drilled it okay well this is
this question some of that would you
just defer to your whole family for
$5,000,000 look I'm sitting the fact
that my mom are open the door yes give
you a five million dollars on gladly
takes five mil for something that just
happened for free is Jackie amazing let
me answer this yeah she intended oh no
other spheres not yet obviously she's
amazing I wouldn't be dating someone for
almost two years if she wasn't and just
you know beyond what you guys see on
camera because what you guys see on
camera I get a lot of tweets and a lot
of comments on the video saying when
you're very very lucky you have a great
girlfriend where can I find a girl like
do it that's always what she does on
camera you guys should see what she does
off camera it's just I know I'm lucky I
know I'm very very very very lucky and
very blessed for this number and so I'm
very very lucky and yet she's very
amazing everything she does if I keep
time out I want to go on and on and on
not but just hug me see who wants to do
all day more like you yeah but that
person starts with a kid and then
special dates and
so you think it is enough oh god I do
have a really amazing girlfriend that's
why I'm playing on their new pair on
Louie Altair I'm having kids we don't
just say that for fun next question if
you got to switch bodies for a day what
would you do
I did not say if you could would you do
it I said if you took what would you do
first thing I would do I saw you God is
where this is sure or the blue one the
blue eyed that's the whole choice how
was your ass look nothing vegetables
here it was a virgin
oh yeah yeah and I would um first I
guess the guys that is Wesley better
I've never let her drive it and I would
run to the basketball court
like I just cuz I don't have all that
knowledge in my head yeah and how would
you play on the court Oh cross a cross
angle how many threes would you make a
lot okay Jay you have sex with Jackie
yeah I would I think I would do it by
myself
oh you would Jericho yeah know what that
smells like
okay you like my drill can't jack off
yeah I need a say like yeah I know it is
fun around the bush hey that's not you
hate me ger the wood enceladus
combination okay guys for me if I could
be Jackie Provo day I don't know what
would I listen to the disco see Toby and
that's what she listens to I would go
there my nails down for sure oh I would
get orange and purple nails because you
never do that Jackie I said hey babe
what color nails should I do and I think
we're purple did I'm not doing with your
purple then why do you ask me so I'm
going to go get my nails that I'm gonna
get 100% today or it's just that well
orange purple just or is it for the
knowledgeable and then oh I'm gonna go
some wall but with a bunch of guys just
that I know I was good like she's a hot
so I want to go ahead just see like what
can I do what damage can I do Allah fine
sighs yeah now I'm gonna start with a
bunch of guys in like I don't know I
would honestly just like just grab my
ass all day just he wouldn't feel like
to have a big butt I'll like slap my
butt all day so we didn't have really
told me before that if he was a girl
he'd like have so many boyfriends and
like be a carny I'll give up my numbers
I mean I would be a tease like I'm
always so Jackie that about if I was
born a girl my mom would be so saving me
I would freakin just like go out there
with all the guys it just was out of
that coffin no that's not I've never had
a disco okay okay this is for awareness
would you rather sub Jackie's toes or
drink a bottle of ketchup I don't see
what's so bad about sucking your toes
honestly Isis
yeah her feet are clean I'm just in some
Irish Spring and just you know in here
and you have got C such a liar oh my
goodness okay well what I'd rather drink
the bottle kinda but like Jackie tells
you no yeah I was a Chinese tomboys
she deserves she's a good girl you know
she brings me food and she watches about
follow me so that's the least I could do
but girls that's what it takes to watch
basketball and bring your man some food
watch your toes someone said this one's
for Jackie is Brandon a three minute man
I'll let you answer this I have no words
about this minute big when we do the bad
girl no makeup looking over me don't
watch me up to one channel now there's
two more questions guys that one sexual
one and then one regular one which on
your answer section of your video okay
fine
how many times you guys do it per day
and what's the kinkiest thing you ever
done okay how many times you do per day
I don't know like a couple times it just
the texture can help you like to just
release it like I don't know two or
three times a day yeah you lose more
weight why do you have so sweet I just
found out why do you think I'm so skinny
no I don't know like two three times a
day sometimes four sometimes one I don't
know but it is a daily team yeah I said
Haley pink multiple multiple times of
daily team and what's the kinky thing
you've ever done look let's not get into
the too much but let's just say it
involves ice cream whipped cream and too
much information on this video and for
the last question guys what is one thing
that annoys you about each other but
what is one thing I love about each
other I think the one thing that annoys
me
barring any really nothing that Jackie
does that annoys me I mean I really do
like everything about her and you got a
problem I think I'm just saying you like
to be Q or whatever now I really don't
think I mean I guess the one thing that
doesn't want me that she interrupts me a
lot thank you guys no she interrupts a
lot but at the end of the day if I have
a girlfriend and the only thing that
annoys me about her is that she
interrupts me I'll take that all day I
don't think that's bad at all and then
the one thing I love about her there's
more than one thing that I explained it
earlier she just here if I have to
narrow it down to one thing is that her
support she supports me with everything
I do like sometimes I'll like enter my
finger or I'll be bleeding from certain
spots and she'll tell me women don't
play basketball it's not good for you
should take the day off and I'll do like
babe I want to go play basketball and
then even though she doesn't agree with
it she's still supported like okay they
go have fun but be careful she just
supported everything I do whether she
agrees with her or not and I think
that's the biggest thing because I know
no matter what I choose to do was it's
good for me bad for me I know that I
have someone who's going to support it
no matter what so I think that's the
biggest thing and I'm not only talking
about basketball
I'll just an example I'm talking about
actual move of my career like more
important things she supports whatever I
do and go ahead
you're gonna say one thing that annoys
you about me is my hearing I have died
here oh my god don't don't get me sorry
I like sometimes I make him repeat
himself and I feel badly because I
already talked so much for the camera so
off-camera I'll be like hey baby
ba ba ba action like what and I'm like
babe I just said it a million times
she's lying she's just trying to beat
you on camera no for real I don't know I
don't want to think that anything about
you but a thing that I love about him is
how hard he works
has he really worked so hard I think
that's still inspiring for you guys when
like I feel like when he talks about it
people don't think that it I'm not
explain it but it works really really
hard all the time and I feel like when
he tells you guys he wants to like
motivate you guys to inspire you and I
think he does that because a lot of
people tell us out like how he's like no
I have to do this if I want to do that
or like I have to do this and like I
never turn down making a video to do any
work that's its first priority and
that's what I really like anyway guys
that's going to be the end of our Q&A I
hope this video gave you guys some lasts
but also gave you guys some a real
insight into our relationship could also
point in this video when I wanted to
make it I want to make this video to
where half the questions were normal and
you guys could actually learn about them
but half of them were actually funny and
put us in kind of an awkward situation
it's hard to put into an awkward
situation because we're with each other
all the damn time so we're just used to
each other but that's fine trying to
pick out some questions that did put us
in an awkward situation so I hope you
guys enjoyed I hope all you new members
of the wall squad who have joined
recently kind of got to know a little
bit more about me and Jackie which is
we're just very very open and we're very
real like we don't really we don't want
to see she put my hand there she did not
yes my god we like to be as real and I
opened with you guys because we like to
make you feel like you guys are right
there with us so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and to everybody who has been
here from the start I hope you guys
still enjoyed this video anyways what it
about opportunity me no yo yeah Motel
Vita Guapo
bye guys thank you peace out guys thanks
so much for watching this video and I
love you guys all peace to run to the
gym
I'm not being straight up with this but
it just irritates me just because you
guys are YouTube channel but I'm not
singling anybody out I'm just saying in
general does it mean that we are perfect
we go through the same growing pains as
a couple that every other couple goes
through we're normal people so you know
we do manage arguments and yes I do
start them because I am crazy
