just forget it what I can't vlog in the
gym so the first person I see is someone
who I wanted to see so come here give me
a kiss on the cheek please no Romel well
it's my first day I can borrow I was I'm
going to chew friend he's not fans are
watching ok off camera go he did it I
swear he did it okay guys so the first
person I see is Romel now we're waiting
on Ali he told he's going to show up the
courts are still empty I got here a
little early but uh should be good ones
today I'm a curious man because well Mel
may hate me
the honestly sing Romel first thing in
the morning it just brightens up my day
when I see his car in the parking lot
right when I come in and cuz I know it's
car obviously and I know his license
plate - I won't say for the sake of the
video but when I see his car here I'm
just like oh my kits gonna be a good day
a great day now we just wait on the rest
of the crew okay guys now we got friend
number two number two number two be
number one that's not only the oldest
player on the team so I should be number
one so you're number one on the list but
you're number two because you walked in
second how can you give us an Ali's not
here what are your thoughts on when all
these plays have to go
he thinks he's a shooter he's really not
fine for 25.20 cause of duckling all the
nickname is Nick me okay before he
walked it will stop right now
trend number three no but now hey this
is a oh gee warriors fan no bandwagon so
understand that not happy where Internet
we got row I'm still on a hot right now
man you're from the bay right from the
bank so right now if you're on my team I
need you to light it up like I got a
fatty broke that out okay that's two all
me everything that everyone is okay how
many step back today my obligations both
Holly said he would be here at 11:37
using busy he did he texted me thanks to
you at 11:37 it's all he going to make
it at his time oh oh I can only say that
he came
oh my god you look good with the short
hair bow I see Jordan's birthday Texas
better than all these honestly ours and
like a little upset I got me a little
more I do you're going to say that then
why would you send it to I'm going to
say while I can send it because I'm
going to be with you the whole day I
won't hold on exactly his moves just
texting letters you're those from the
heart yeah you're two mill sex okay fine
it's too many checks with shit bro he
didn't I'm just just what I'm just
joking guys look at this I got them all
on the haircut grind they both got fresh
cut so I feel old when I was getting out
of bed this morning I bagged her knee it
was hurting broke this is not 21 anymore
bro like we can't just be playing at the
gym for six hours a day yeah we got to
stay out stay working all day maybe
comes the gym once the weed I'm ready
for retirement
AARP I'm here right now with the og LA
Fitness member this guy's before old age
you know he used to run these courts but
now passing over the torch to me yes sir
forget the torch now you know me me
killing it out here ever since
so thank you bro how about 2000 2010 hey
are you okay white Jordan how many
threes do you want today way to 22
threes
I don't know I mean I'm gonna try I
don't know if I could say what I feel
vlog this is we call him Big Kenny haha
after me please
and yeah we'll split them I make eleven
you major lesson hi that fair Jordan
will split the 22 three okay he doesn't
want that I'll make all four name
what do you open your mouth who are you
going to say what I thought I made like
six threes Brandon after Mel one thing
that please send me a selfie still
hasn't says himself I said Rome L don't
even get me a gift all I want is a
selfie just a smile just keep I was
going to keep it for myself he didn't
send me a selfie okay so you're sending
in the afternoon okay okay okay
for your birthday for the love of God
I'm gonna get you a New Jersey don't
like Jersey I love that trick you how
many fuckin separate living in Jersey
not just broke every day like the rebels
are these alleys that's what made him
hand okay guys for my boys took me out
to eat right now oh well just although
I'm sorry sorry sorry sorry
guys just just didn't his brother I'm
not friends anymore fine I don't even
know the guy okay here let's ride again
Romel Jordan and you might be wondering
where all he is well hold on guys every
time I'll leave talk to his girl he
doesn't talk to her in front of us
because he doesn't like to cupcake he
doesn't like to show a soft side so look
he walks how every time he talks to his
girl wants I'm gonna try to catch me
gonna freak out Holly I want to say hi
to your girl why do you walk out every
time I'm just joking guys this is Dan
he's talking to Bubba so I finally seen
my dad for the first time I didn't see
him in the morning
because he was at work and he finally
gets back from work and look what he's
doing more work dad didn't you just get
back from work you don't get tired oh
look he comes back from work and the
first thing he does at the house is
getting straight to working dad I think
you need a break
Bosley you need to get Papa rods work
ethic that's what you need to do all you
do all day is just lay down
sleep with your lazy ass you need to get
to work me and behind pail but building
a house for you to live here now you got
to do something
the chairs laugh to run and I open the
snake and I'm gonna get video I'm not a
good video so we got Randy here we got a
meal and they brought me gifts for my
birthday
we're going to open against which one do
you guys want me to open first take
again bro watch watch
ignore my hair my hair is not nice right
now I need a beer
all the barber forehead okay so there's
two bags but we're going to go with the
smaller ones and guess what it is you
want me to get I'm guessing it has
something to do with the Lakers because
they're both Laker fans so here goes
nothing oh my goodness bowlers it's
expensive
well I feel so bad so in case you guys
can't tell it says Gucci please if it's
like why you laughing oh what's in here
is open magic notice me is it really yes
so I can be like back away no no no ball
sorry
Gucci I'm not used to this stuff go oh
my goodness guys don't you have that
woulda did you go what I'm wearing I
have it boys shout out to Jackie Thank
You Jackie
shout out to Jackie and me I'll have to
have all of it come here come here and
give me a hug so we're gonna hop on
maybe we got it again
god I feel bad well thank you guys
you're welcome from thank you guys for
that and then there's one more it is one
is the latest thing this one sometimes
this was not a confessional he may make
some money off that oh my goodness
God for one knows what has occurred to
happen we promoting nd one in four oh my
god what
Kairi for those who can't tell Kyrie
Irving oh my gosh
oh you guys are crazy so what is hate
light
well you can match these with any look
at this we were thinking about getting
light and then so you can match these
with anything it's black and white
oh my god bro come here another hug
although you guys are crazy thank you
guys another one maybe another Jane
Ellis another one a pair of Kyrie this
yeah I thought why wasn't I something
just a Jackie's and Jackie did via
Diesel's thank you guys really I'm here
I told him you don't have to get me
anything you don't have to come to my
house and bring me anything and Michele
put these two is I appreciate it thank
you really control so now I could boil
you up in these tomorrow I shall call
you over that is I'm gonna fall in love
it's you say you got me have a bad but
really shall wait was it is the elbow a
little the most important you got all
away from the heart now really a thank
you to both these guys they came all the
way down from Bakersfield how far was
the drive up for hours and four hours
wow that's crazy they came all the way
yesterday all my hopes what do you guys
come down here for is there like a
concert or something they came all the
way down not for anything else except my
birthday they came down to my birthday
and I appreciate that you can use a
colonial Shinhwa bro you guys can go
take a couple sprays a hot greedy yellow
sample bottle taking you have to take
money with it others very like a water
bottle
thank you and all the kimonos expresses
all man and I swear to you my kuchi
guilty was money now I gave it to join
against it because there wasn't that
much left god wait that's not great
behind exactly I just gave my friend the
rest of my Gucci Guilty because they're
like barely anything less and so now I
just got a new bottle the heart works in
mysterious ways when life gives you
pushy guilty then you take you main
couch each other no something like that
Bob look what they got me they got me
shoes and cologne didn't happen I know
that thank you guys
in their family because they spent the
night right here right in this room
Randy no Randy slept in the dog shed and
then Emil slept on the bed so they so
they got to use Bosley's things you got
our blessed boat
that's lovely yeah Baldy was pissed but
he lets you guys sacrifice one night
look at this some mother girlfriend
bonding right now you're sunburned
Jackie is some brain she's still going
in the pool for nothing
fugly you want to go swimming with
Jackie Bosley would drown so fast no
it's okay but Lee don't sit on the poofy
mom why don't you go in the pool I'll go
with you mom later after the gym later I
will step out mother and girlfriend
goals I don't know what is it makes me
so happy that my mom and Jackie get
along so well they're like this like
best friends I just come downstairs to
get a snack and I see Jackie and my mom
hanging out together but all of me
sometimes I do get scared that my mom
actually like Jackie has more than just
a friend and that she's gonna steal her
from me because I feel like that's
mutual I feel like Jackie wants to leave
me for my mom I don't know I feel like
they're plotting something I don't know
we'll see
okay guys so right now I have some very
very bad news very sad news and it
involves I'm Joe Joe key he doesn't
involve Jackie it involves my best
friend Jordan so hold on let me get in
the car and explain to you guys first of
all if you're wondering yes we're
driving the Lexus today just because I
haven't driven in a long time and the
BMW has been getting all the attention
so I need to give the Lexus Imran I
haven't driven in such a long time okay
guys so if you're wondering what I meant
by I have some various endings for you
guys and that involves my best friend
Jordan well what I mean by that is if
you guys keep up with my videos you guys
see how I'm really really close with my
best friend I love them they're more
than best friends to me but
okay the camera does not want you in
this okay so to me my best friends
they're more like my brothers you know I
love them we have each other's backs
they're always there for me I'm always
there for them and we all pretty much
look close to each other you know
miramount all these just being Jordan we
all live really kind of close to each
other and so we see each other all the
time we see each other almost every
single day but Jordan goes to school
kind of far away and he was down here
for a week for my birthday but today
it's Sunday and he's taking summer
courses
so today's it lasting here it's going to
be gone all the way for the summer
courses and then semester he's going to
be gone for a really long time so
today's the last day I have to see him
so I'm driving over to Jordan's house
right now and I'm just going to take it
by pain because Jordan I'm going to miss
you but I appreciate him coming down for
my birthday he was here for a whole week
and now sadly time for him to go back by
the lines to leave without these things
on the way right now too
don't say bye to him and on a side note
guys feel good driving electric with my
first baby and so I like getting in some
runs from here and then I like to drive
it I try to drive it like once a week
before recently the BMW has just been
getting way too much attention it's like
the Lexus was telling me she'll forget
about me
god I miss George can I show your hand
guys I'm in Jordan right now what am I
going to see you again I'm in Jordan so
much I will try to see him soon thank
you joining for coming that for my
birthday I hope you do really good in
school thank you all right well hi guys
so it's really really late right now
it's about 1:00 in the morning and the
reason I'm so late is because I'm about
to start editing my video because
because I want to play basketball
tomorrow with all my friends and they're
all going early in the morning so the
only way I could play is if I edit my
video so I'm closing out this video
right now and then I'm going to start
editing it I also want to thank my
girlfriend who set out that whole party
in case you guys didn't get a chance to
watch the video the party that she set
up and it was just amazing it was I was
surprised
like crazy all my friends were there and
the whole video she made me it was just
it was so surprising it was so it was
great so thank you to my girlfriend
obviously thank you to my mom dad and my
brother who just obviously just for
being at my party because they made it
super super fun and super special and
then Jackie also got me like a bunch of
clothes and let's just say that this
shirt let's just say she might think
cause she got me so much new clothes
that I'm gonna stop wearing the shirt
but nope I'm going to show them all to
the chance to play that's all my friends
and if you go don't wondering cuz I know
people are going to think that Randy and
Emile were the only people that got me
gifts because that was the only thing
else on camera that is not true let me
explain myself really really quick so
all my friends got me gifts but I guess
this year they made it like a funny
theme or like I don't know some little
joke to wear every single gifts that
they got me was like an inside joke
between us so for example the gift that
all you got me there was an inside joke
that only me and him would
they were really really funny and the
gift they make so much because only the
person who gave it to me and myself
understood what the gift man however I
couldn't show it in the video because
you guys wouldn't understand the gift
and by the time I explains each and
every single gift from each and every
single one of my friends is the video
would end up being like an hour long
because some of these inside jokes where
ever since we were kids like ever since
we were in kindergarten elementary
school because all my best friends that
I have I've known them for a really
really long time so but they did all
gave me gifts anyway thank you guys so
much for watching this video I don't
know I need to drink like an energy
drink like something because I'm already
falling asleep and I haven't even
started editing the videos and I'm
really excited for tomorrow because I've
inherited employment and you learn
already no haircut days are the best
days of the week tomorrow's gonna be so
good playing bass all my friends and
getting a haircut
I can't wait anyway thank you guys so
much for watching this video I
appreciate each and every single one of
you guys I appreciate all the support
you guys show me we just hit 2.1 million
subscribers today so thank you guys so
so much for that blog vlog I love you
guys all oh wait hold on fry was asleep
you guys already know my favorite shirt
I need to thank my mom so much for this
because she got me this shirt as a gift
for Christmas and Jordan I'm gonna miss
you I'll see you soon and Ramsay a meal
I don't know what the hell my see you
guys the next time but hopefully soon
because Jackie's worst nightmare what
are we watching sitting it didn't in
ESPN watch watches you've seen that
movie 3 million times because Jackie is
reppin my shirt
San Diego adult basketball league
champions you guys remember when I hit
that game-winner in the championship
game for those who don't remember we
were down by one point
time running out I pulled up and hit the
game-winner as time expired
Jackie stays repping my championship
t-shirt
yesterday were you when you were editing
playing of the movie was gonna start
what movie did I watch I wanted Brian
jump off the damn roof that's the movie
that I was talking about no guys I don't
watch movies that's a fun fact about
myself I do not watch movies and Jackie
hates that about me because all I watch
is basketball and ESPN I don't watch any
movies so why are you under the covers
that's rude I'm not gonna come to bed
unless you tell me how bad you want me
to go in the bed
