okay guys so the movies about to start
I'm late
this movie is called my brother in an
ABA that's what my brother is going to
jump we're in sort of I think so
my brother's going to jump from the roof
onto the trampoline into the pool from
there to there today
what time does the show start I feel
like it all right with the weight I have
enough nuts for that and I have two more
in Kasey's right around the ladies like
that one more notice about Brendon it's
like 90 degrees outside and you want to
see in the hot tub we're heating it up
right now are you really good on God you
know what I love you I love just waking
up on a nice warm day going to the gym
playing some basketball the sport I love
I love basketball coming home and seeing
Brian do something crazy it's just like
it makes my day so good it's like you go
to the gym play bass like you have a lot
of fun and then you come to a nice
Showtime like sit back and you watch
your crazy brother do flips and that's
why i love the polti phase because i
would always come home to him doing
crazy things in the foam pit but now the
show the Bible the whole kid thing
yeah Brian's either showing about 20
minutes because I feel the hot tub
getting a little warmer I want to be in
the hot tub and watching the market in
my hand it feels closer to a hundred
degrees yeah but whoa I'm warming up the
hot tub because I don't like to swim I'm
humid air getting something heat wave
Brian have a seat what a great day Sadek
went to day 19 Saturday 24 what a great
date Saturday the 24th
beautiful day wake up in the hot tub the
jacuzzi and just relax
that's lively woman okay so extra right
this rainbow while of from hula
you just got a kick back place one foot
on top of the other hit me with it
aha like this
ah well be in our language it's called
clubs in like I'm going to pubs in no
I'm not the only one who enjoys watching
the show right Bosley
you like watching Brian do crazy things
Bosley has swore to me like secretly
when we talk he'll never give Brian a
view on his channel so he watches
everything behind the scenes locks so he
doesn't watch it on YouTube Bosley you
don't want to give buying views why okay
guys so a lot of people ask me why don't
you go swimming you know you have a pool
at your house it's hot we live in San
Diego it's almost 100 degrees right now
so why is it I'm human I'm not a fish
and let's not forget the fact that I
don't know how to swim I'm about to go
in the hot tub
I'm heating it up right now No yeah it's
too hot out there okay you want me to go
in the pool and Brian to the front slip
on me embrace all my bones I can't do
that you do okay just well why did you
decide yeah because I want to watch
Brian with a cool margarita in my hand
and enjoy the show she's going to tell
you 22 using your senses no guys when I
was 21 I would never sit back with the
margarita and watch things but now that
I'm 22 I'm just old you know like I
don't know man
look even D book comes out to watch the
free show yo book you're looking the
wrong way no you got he's right there
bro what are you looking at no oh you're
looking at me book that's what you're
looking at I bow but watch mine he's
about to jump wait before you jump hold
on oh it's heated we're ready let me hop
in and you could jump right nothing
better than the hot tub on a damn near
100 degrees day it's just rock star but
we're going to say to margarita cause
I'm 22 now so I have to do old people
think that Brian is a cold water gonna
splash on me
okay I'm not on the wet so nice fuel for
Ramses you don't hop in here with me go
get yourself a nice cool margarita pina
colada
up in a mom
thanks mom beside haut-brion how hard
did you heat this like a million degrees
100 degrees shit guys I thought I'm at a
Las Vegas pool party right now with you
guys where's the music
mom can you play some music but playing
non copyrighted please because we're all
filming guys my brother is crazy he's
wild I swear you're not scared to hold
your camera like that without this above
the water it is my first time swimming
at this house are the golfers watching
both the golfers are gonna think that
Brian's freaking to instantly it's okay
guys for you tell you what is it Tiger
Woods
oh okay guys so a bride's taking loss or
on a commercial break for the movie
right now we'll be back when it was just
one white wine new video idea who can
hold our breath longer me or you under
the water okay you don't have to do that
let's just come here who can hold our
breath I'm gonna lose I'm not a fish
like I said earlier I'm human I can't
hold my breath for a second
they're watching please drop a like on
the video if you're watching hello how's
it going guys good
Tim Devin Booker still isn't watching
baby why don't you get it
killer anime it's hot though well it is
hard don't mean Oh God
oh shit my pizza goes through basketball
I'm gonna go in the hot tub every time I
look up freaky guys there's a lot right
now barely having your head over water
about the job Pisa
and you just keep the feet up like this
- relaxing but then again it's also hot
outside and it's hot in there well
combine mr. temperatures it's about like
190 degrees that's good there's a good
preview for hell where I'm gonna come is
a good preview for me you ready
they just said just do it the longer you
wait the harder it is gotta light on the
video that guy I'm scared I swear hmm
how much tell us oMG I'm gonna drag you
is you know thank you
not everyone know how to like a
professional oh I love swimming
I look like we do no one knows how to
swim like me alright right let's do it
again
hot hot do I almost fell in this six
times like think of being in midair I
get scared I think I'm just overthinking
I come on through the movie theater then
the longer the way we had to hop oh my
god it'll be fine just imagine all the
TLC matches we watch community nails
yeah party and they do it on a table you
had like ladders and stuff yeah do
dollars so clean I swear no we're not
even imagining a probably like emotion
suit Brian you know what you know what
you could jump from the roof I don't
know how to swim but I'm going from the
trampoline okay guys I don't know how to
swim
I've never been in this pool in our
house Brian just inspires me like to do
things every single day save him in case
he does not swim oh yeah that's why I
got brought where's the least deep area
I didn't up the room so here not a thing
okay so my strategies all I know there's
arguments yeah like my brother
you guys are awesome peace out everybody
that filigree well in my head right now
it's like I'm jumping in the Pacific
Ocean Wishart and everything oh my god
roll well you got to do like your
brother up the roof fine can we jump in
together
come on I'll hold your hand Jake and
Josh take your Josh oh my god hold on
right don't crack don't drag me if I
don't feel ready to jump let's show the
hands throw the hands guys here right
hold on hold on wait let me go on this
side so I don't hit my head on the
concrete yeah okay oh my god guys all
right this is six feet deep I'm only
five foot nine aka I could drown in here
what here we go Brian hold on whilst the
tripping was just running jump off the
trampoline it's not even that time are
you guys gonna give me more views result
this is like the died in the war oh no
five four three three two that's a
question do I jump like headfirst so
well no just jump straight like you're
jumping on yeah why did I do this my
videos are so not all right wonderful
and this is for Devin Booker for Darren
Booker Eric let's go and the new
experience up George active yeah I'm W
higher than you okay ready set
I look like - almost a night fire okay
now we're in another state floor I'm
gonna do one more guys I just need to
stay away from it
wait I'm kind of good at sweet ha the a
professional Oh Michael folks yeah watch
it
what he's not really good get along you
loaded yellow you can hold your breath
come on yeah
ready set 25 seconds max I'm up a nice
little breath folder and then I don't
want my balloon too long
Oh professionalizing not making long
video okay watch this I mean in our
video before I do it raises my dad has
been trying to get me to go slow he's
hot before okay did jump this is how
high Marquis Chris jump except he
doesn't without a trampoline he doesn't
normal
and it's so fun walking
we're a base of you you don't like
something is going for fishes I'm a fish
a fish you want to come on bitch
girlfriend is Randy what kind of fish am
I
uh no evil how about a pufferfish
starfish okay actually yeah I was a boy
when I was swimming in the pool I wonder
to think in my editing program I made it
slow motion for those folks that was
regular speed nine I'm not a bad around
since I driver survived thank God I'm
finally volume and earth this last one
is for the culture this is a parkour job
no worries new friends list I can do a
60 okay Dean cleans the pool right yeah
yeah oh my god the copper be tired now
guys that's it for today
magic momentum Shadow Man old hog oh I
am a size 12 to my first day and it
collected a lot of dirt well yet you
haven't given on purpose we'll just go
you got way um I'm going to haunted
guys I feel so bad for Ramsey and Emil
right now because I pretty much am
giving them a taste of a day in the life
of Robotics so it is what time is it
it's almost 7:00 p.m. it's 6:30 and I
haven't a like this whole day to me this
is kind of normal I don't really eat
until I finish all myself all my videos
and I just finished so we're going to go
have our first meal at McDonald's which
is why he stayed skinny well again I
probably eat while knitting how is there
waiting this long to eat I got
so whatever their one week's don't be to
go I'll see my feet up all right let's
go your four wattage date torture is
over we could go eat put a shirt on
really I'm drunk you don't think I'm
strong enough to go clubbing really as
crazy as it sounds there's like a normal
routine for me not eating until like
this time because I never eat until I
finish my videos and today I made two
videos one on my NBA channel and one on
my main channel so I'm starving and it's
time to go get some food okay guys it is
about 7:15 p.m. right now it's time to
end the brand and a water day treatment
how good does that look
at this time we're going to stop eating
it thank you to Brandon for this
wonderful dinner we're not eating unless
you drink don't eat yet though I'm not
getting prepared what do you want to
burn what I made him stop eating so he
could pray Oh Baron Samedi to begin I'm
starving I got three five a burger and
that and indigo
play this is so funny
the second they found out that I go on
the pool and they all want to go
swimming now guys I'm telling you ever
since we bought this house everybody
tries to get me to go swimming every
single night my dad Jackie my mom
everybody please let's go swimming the
field swimming but I was always too
scared
who knew that I was the best swimmer on
the planet so now that I told them that
I like swimming and I'm a puffer fish
and I'm better than Michael Phelps now
they all want to go swimming dad I'll be
back in here in a little bit I'm gonna
set dad you'll teach me I'll teach you
guys you guys need floaties I go in
without floaties dad I swear what you
want me to jump from here to the golf
course
oh no I can jump in the middle I'm only
a good swimmer by the corner so I can
hang on to the ledge okay too much
footage of my girlfriend in the bikini
I'll be down here my specs in the pool
so yeah it's so funny the second I told
Jackie that I went swimming
she literally raced over here I want to
swim with you honest with you my dad has
been begging me to go swimming so now
we're all going so I love swimming Brian
I'm not even a basketball player anymore
I'm a professional swimmer okay guys the
closing video I just want to say first
of all I apologize for my voice if
you're wondering why I lost my voice
what was a couple of days ago the NBA
dress and you guys know I go crazy every
time I watch NBA event and look my voice
is gone and I wasn't even at the dress I
wasn't even there I just yelled my TV so
my voice is gone I need to get my voice
back but yet to close this video I just
want say even Mubarak to everybody out
there celebrating I myself I'm not a
Muslim a lot of people don't know that
me my family were Catholic we're
Chaldeans but growing up my best friend
Ollie was Muslim and I was always around
him and his family and even right now
all my best friend a majority of my best
friends Romel Ollie come off all of them
are Muslim and I know a lot of youtubers
Kai Adam Flint I know a lot of youtubers
who are so I know how much today means
for you guys so have fun enjoy celebrate
and have fun today celebrating with your
family and I know when we were kids all
we always used to tell me about how you
get so much money on this day so for all
your kids out there getting money I
don't know I just find that really funny
but anyway thank you guys so so much for
watching this video I'm about to go
swimming because well honestly I see
Jack in a bikini and it just like I need
to go I'm sorry but now I'm gonna make a
video for my NBA Channel really really
quick and then I'm going to go swimming
if you guys want to check out that video
it's going to be about Josh Jackson and
what he needs to the Phoenix Suns I'm
going to leave the link to the
description down below I've been
uploading way more consistently on my
NBA channel but my voice sounds
disgusting I'm sorry I'm a sick
pufferfish but anyway thank you guys so
much for watching my first time jumping
into the pool my first time swimming in
so so long ever since I was a kid
because I never knew how to swim so I
never wanted to swim and I really do
hope you guys enjoyed this video just
like I hope you guys enjoyed all my
other videos and on a side note you guys
haven't shown me so so much support and
so much good feedback in if you think
about it guys I just take 2 point 1
million sub just two and a half weeks
ago I hate to mill so in a matter of
two and a half weeks not even three
weeks we added a hundred thousand
subscribers to the bruh waz wat to all
your new subscribers welcome I love you
guys all and I appreciate all the
support you guys show me that's insane
100k like you guys are amazing you guys
are crazy
thank you guys so much for the support
you guys show me and I want to repay you
in good videos so I really really hope
you guys enjoyed this video
other than that provided I'm out drop a
like if you enjoyed subscribe if you are
new and Bowater thought I love you guys
all peace out guys
