what is going on you got Brandon here
aka robotics and today I'm starting this
vlog off as the birthday boy today is my
birthday
I turned 22 years old man I feel all
honestly 22 you know that's still a
young age but I don't know why I just
feel all can just start this video off I
just want to thank each and every single
one of you guys because all my social
medias are flooded with birthday wishes
from you guys and it just it makes me
smile I was reading all them and thank
you guys thank you so so much I wish I
could reply to all of them but I'm a
basketball player and I like playing
that's also if I reply to all them my
fingers would be broken up not only
broken my fingers would fall off of my
hand
the amount of love that you guys show me
on my birthday and just everyday it
means so much so thank you guys I love
you guys for that anyway just because
today is my birthday doesn't mean the
schedule is different I'm almost done
editing my video so I need to finish
this before I go to the gym I was trying
to get this video done last night
because I want to play a lot of
basketball today because it's my
birthday so I stayed up really really
late till 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning
yeah but I couldn't get the videos I
fell asleep for a little bit but I'm
back awake and I'm about to face this
video so that means when I go to the gym
I get to stay there and play basketball
for so long and honestly if you ask me
what more could I ask for for my
birthday I love playing basketball so
yeah just because it's a certain day of
the year just cuz it's my birthday
doesn't mean I'm not going to upload or
I'm not going to do a video nope and now
it's time to go play lunchtime
basketball guys I honestly have no plans
I have zero plans for my birthday and
that's because I wasn't even thinking
about my birthday this whole month or
this whole past year I was just thinking
of the NBA Draft which was yesterday
chale birthday but I stayed away till
twelve I know
Devin Booker was the first person to
wish me a happy birthday but my mom was
the first person to post a picture of me
first of all shoutout
look maybe you guys too
you should come visit you hear that
Devon my mom say she should come and
visit the new house it's my birthday you
didn't wish me a happy birthday mom I
don't know like I feel old like my back
22 you have it's just uh like the beard
and the stretching : no guys really I
woke up this morning I couldn't get out
of bed and I looked in the mirror and my
wrinkles were there I'm old mom my beard
is getting thicker I can't like I used
to be able to go to the gym every single
day when I was 21 now I'm gonna have to
cut down like once a week I'm not you I
would I remember the good old days when
I was 21 I said just stay at the gym for
hours and hours and now 22 years old is
rough I'm out of my prime thank you for
the birthday wish I appreciate it
now guys really I'm here on my birthday
with absolutely no plans right now i'ma
go meet up with all my friends we're
gonna play basketball together and
honestly even if I don't do anything for
my birthday even if I don't have a crazy
celebration just me being with my
friends the people I love at the gym
playing basketball the sport I love
honestly that's good enough I'm not a
picky person and I never expect too much
my birthday just comes down to me going
playing some basketball with my best
friends I have the best group of friends
then I would be happy about that
honestly we want at least six we only
lost that last one huh
I do good for my birthday no no you
should
she was barbecue chicken all day okay
guys so I just got back from playing
basketball I took a shower I changed I
just dressed up because I feel like it's
my birthday so I have to look nice even
though I have no plans I don't know what
my friends told me if they said look you
don't have to drive today you don't have
to do anything all you have to do is
just dress up and we're going to treat
you out so I don't know what they're
going to do but that's what they said
like I'm gonna go to sleep in this just
so I can say it's my birthday so I
dressed nice first of all guys this
isn't even nice it's just considered
nice for me because I never dress up not
only do I have the best girlfriend who I
haven't seen yet because she's been
really really busy
I'm sure she's planning something for me
usually I've seen her by this time but
today all out of nowhere she's really
busy okay guys so my boys just took me
out for a little bit we just went out to
Dave & Buster's
and I just got home and my dad said wait
I have something for you all in the
backyard I was like there's something
missing
oh my gosh dad thank you so much
look guys Oh Devin Booker made it sub D
book night and that this is nice
thank you look the basketball ones
obviously my favorite oh wow Brandon
made it before
Brandon you were here before me both
Bodley did you help oh look the orange
and purple around the tree that I wonder
what those colors are for look at that's
the thing
wait when did it when oh my goodness
oh my goodness
what's an egg wait what hold on bro can
you film it hard so compute bro wait
Ramsay you look definitely waters what
are we local Justin they've got us work
to 9 I take not mold my god all of your
life I oughta be had an idea I swear I
know you did I was almost in I really
had no idea like zero was yeah okay hold
on who else is here where Devin Booker
come on now
oh my god this is so crazy thank you
guys
wait look who's here everybody
where's Roma oh my god bro I swear I was
telling her milk after the Gmail's like
row milk please come to my house he's
like I got work I was like no come on
bro please Brian Justin I texted him
earlier he's like I got work till 9:00
all of you obviously knew you guys kept
me away I wrote what yeah yeah everybody
quiet break it right here perfect
perfect Hey right it's only 12 minutes I
know I was wrong nothing
what oh my god
Oh
a guy named Michael thank you everybody
here the potato very loving caring heart
witty Hanson and again boys a including
Kittinger happy birthday to you thank
you you go from derenberger today is off
resistance under you
Thank You Bosley thank you mom dad
and
maybe your work ethic is hiring people
in their place you're so humble and give
so much I love the faculty among his
department relationships before being
new because I honestly picked up a see
where I am
and that's why I love you so much as
well but as i said so has become even
more exact my period I'm holding bags is
letting go
how didn't I long to be told you know I
did you learn how to talk for me I
thought for every I'm a bit of all the
J's Elementary no better place on
climate when it comes to reflect our
relationship they come to hate you work
first Lawrence's word window into school
because you've been my best friend ever
since kindergarten and we've never had a
dull moment never had a bad time never
had fought for nothing but great genuine
love and respect no one knows this whole
time I'm thankful for that you're such a
real wall raised am a human being I'm so
proud of all that you've done because
you truly do deserve it you work your
ass off every single day and your hard
work doesn't go unnoticed at this point
in our friendship and playing with
friendship anymore suppose I heard
you're my brother go you'll be my
brother for life I they'll be all of
your family that something so real that
we have and I'm grateful to have that
with someone with you I'm looking
forward to spending the rest of my life
oh my god guys mom I can't wait for that
kid one day a fine man I love you so
much and I'm proud of everything that
you've done
what are already spreading robot
you know you get deals absconders in
your emergency but signal of the good
work and then without what did one when
a console a wrong love meeting on a blue
kazoo dog I hope I get me 50 people is
it look like after years in the gym
I hope our friendship continues to grow
and I hope that one day you take money
on your own it's good when I may have I
just threw myself at LA Fitness in the
gym you're crazy bro oh Jesus coming
late oh it's always coming though thank
you a chair
got any good for you
I'm creative number one thing is all our
job this man is rebelling
I'm going with you a happy 22nd birthday
I want to tell you an accomplishment
ain't no okay I don't just use your kid
I want them as my accomplishments and
one of you today is truly monumental
front of you today we didn't know hold
on to the video team big announcement Oh
grande cannibalize the visible
everybody's branding your 22 like you
gave hi hold on destroying is convention
to new subscribers my major Cooper
surrended connect confluence Trevor that
amazes me start to Jackie the beautiful
body because she gave up to be in this
video so proud of you branding a bag
typically and I love you so much thank
you for always being there for me and
loading me and a student something
workers and I saw things that I love you
have a good day right my follow today my
father thank you I'll see you I have
anything to keep in any bottom and
keeping lead to because the nice fastest
team in him in yeah you got here's what
you got to do right now happy but
there's a lot of lots of rewarded no I
want to wait Yanik I understand pledge
so let's go texted me this morning
fuckin once again Yanni toes are bruh
Yanni's Alex Robin told me what your
birthday is soon we shall be birthday in
the enjoyed a base wish Yannick as Eliza
alchemy her Greek is freakin freak
what the hell help he knows me
no really thank you guys to everybody
here look more three more three more
evil lady Oh how'd you learn how to edit
I didn't
don't worry about it I just decided you
know what Brenda does it all the time so
I want to do something oh thank you
really thank you to everybody shut up
thank you to everyone who's involved in
this I'm going to rewatch that I swear I
want to tell you something because I
feel like you're in a freak out when
Yanis is the video
I don't know your honor sleepily I
noticed a Devin Booker one day in the
video but get to the first person to
text me happy birthday we'll never
motion the video just so crazy not
Bosley you haven't got any love from you
today I haven't got any love from Bosley
today it just looks back at this time
happy birthday Ryan oh my god so we
started to show up right with the hair
but so and yannis sent videos of happy
with a Johnny
yeah Johnny yeah well I didn't do that I
don't not fries happy birthday and again
crazy
hey the usual same one is mine wise
always a party pooper okay guys really
quick I just want to thank all my
friends for coming down I honestly had
no idea they were coming so thank you
guys for the video thank you for coming
I told you guys I had the best group of
friends I had no idea this was even
plant and I was still saying that
earlier today and we're just going to
have a good time right now we're gonna
have a lot of fun okay quibble he wasn't
right now I will say though I like to
hear is fresh tape no I like your bro
hello
I'm Bosley just watching all my I want
to say thank you to my girlfriend so so
much like God you saw the whole video
I'll do talking about how I have no
plans and you know I'm not expecting
anything for my birthday and she comes
in with like this video like god I'm
speechless
I really am honestly looking I hate
showing my emotions on camera but I'm
going to say to straight up I was so
close to tearing up also goes to crime
especially jackets part for Jackie's
part I was like I was speechless like I
don't know it was almost speechless just
like I am right now how do you know to
say about it so it was just a biggie
like yeah I love you did not subscribe
to and then freaking like yawning
yawning we could play I'm gonna say a
side comment I didn't know that he knew
who Brandon what I said he's obviously
shout out the Eric Bledsoe shout out to
Devin Booker for the head the only
weekend I'm so surprised about it
honestly because like I talked to here
Bledsoe and Devin Booker on a consistent
basis so you know they I expected to say
happy birthday to me oh god oh my god so
I think that but Yanni's like that I
don't know if she made my birthday and
then of course all my friends who are
down here I gotta go get back to them I
told you guys earlier in the video I
have the best set up Frank and I said
that without even knowing about the
surprise and that just proves my point
I told you guys to have the best best
friend and this just proves a man they
they gave me so far the best birthday of
my life oh why should the best risk that
you didn't do anything crazy they really
do anything out of this world but just
the fact I'm surrounded with my
girlfriend my family and all my best
friend that makes it the best birthday
and that video was it really was
touching now I can say something like I
don't know guys it was crazy so I just
want to thank you that so much for
watching this video and once again I
want to thank all you guys for the
birthday wishes I'm telling you I wish I
could reply to all of them but do you
know I had to restart my phone so many
times today because I was getting blown
up with notifications from you guys
wishing me a happy birthday
and I really do appreciate it thank you
so much you guys put this smile on my
face today and so did my girlfriend and
so did my family and all my friends
thank you guys so much
humans video if you're wondering I have
a great birthday in a really really fun
time I played a lot of basketball
earlier I am still absolutely shocking
like yeah drop a like I feel absolutely
shocking that Eric Bledsoe and
yogathon to the couple works yeah let's
go text me earlier today but I didn't
know that he was in the video I don't
know sometimes I just sit back and think
about how crazy it is that growing up my
whole life I loved the Phoenix Suns and
you know I would dream of just going to
a game and now here I am getting happy
birthday text from their players I don't
know that's just crazy I'm so blessed
for them but thank you guys so much for
watching hit that subscribe button if
you are new and I'm going to re-watch
that over and over again the fan pages
that was really really max with you guys
and to all my best friends watching this
thank you for making today you know the
best birthday of my life and thank you
to my girlfriend like I said a million
times thank you to my parents they need
to Brian was in Anaheim but he drove all
the way down just to make it for this
little party and all you guys thank you
so much for watching I love you guys all
and guys I really keep thinking about
Jackie's part of the video like I feel
like I'm shy I didn't want to cry in
front of my friends and I'm not going to
cry right now because I'm not letting it
and so I camera still on but no we can't
leave my friends actually a quick one
can we go to sleep my friend and I go
click on to you on the Belkin
let me take something it's a tradition
for our culture that every time is
someone's birthday someone sneaks up
behind you and wipes potatoes raids on
prepared this time I
gonna make me break out all the sugar
shop I don't cut it I would have gone
down wait Jordin Sparks
tell me for the happy birthday yes guys
look he's napkins were on sale so my mom
bought it they date it's fun to be
another 50 Cent's got an orange and
purple confetti of course yeah I got a
heavyweight let me show it so happens
oh yeah why waiting on behind my yellow
ad well where's Brian
no he wants to go the challenge again
happy birthday
I'm not a wizard
all right eat it Oh
oh my god did you make a wish let's make
a wish you guys do it again you know the
reason I blew it out my league said
everyone loves to go hard and all the
biggest on the game series shout out the
spongebob for this cake who talked to
him why wasn't he in the video thanks
spongebob for the cake guys they want me
to try really bad I feel like it's a
prank
dad oh my gosh yeah hey Dad oh my gosh
