and on Thursday is the NBA Draft I've
literally been glued to my phone this
whole day and I swear oh no okay that's
fake
wait oh my gosh oh yeah you wouldn't
finish it down because both NBA Draft
season if the Suns make a trade bow just
scream like during the game don't wait
til to timeout don't wait for me get on
the bench just scream while I'm playing
Brandon the sun's traded this guy and
this guy's for this guy bro
to be keeping you what do mean am i
watching a draft I'm more excited for
the dressed in my birthday but I'll go
to the fair after the draft they think
there's a joke well I'm more excited for
the draft in my own birthday this is
weird coming off the bench guys I lead
to some authority since I'm starting on
the day I have more time to read and
being really geez what up again Regulus
loudly do you know what tomorrow is the
NBA draft Brian did you know that but I
can't wait that's literally what I've
been waiting for gab the drafted in 19
hours I'm not going to be able to sleep
tonight dad it's getting really really
late right now but I swear I can't fall
asleep because I keep reading all these
engaged oh this one is Josh Jackson
falling to the suns I wouldn't mind that
if Josh Jackson fell to those terms I
would be dope I really don't think I'm
going to go to sleep tonight I think I'm
gonna stay up all night just reading all
these drafts articles look there's so
many I've read away I didn't read this
one so I cannot wait to something that I
look forward to every single year it's
only once a year and honestly I'm more
excited about this in my birthday I want
to see what trades are going to happen
you know who is going to be the newest
member of the Phoenix Suns all the
stuffs not only am i reading the mock
drafts on the computer but I'm also
watching dressed up on the TV so you got
the computer for one source of
information and the TV for the other
cause I'm still awake it's 5:20 a.m. but
I can't go to sleep just in case I miss
a trade NBA draft today you know I
didn't sleep all night because I was too
excited
I didn't sleep not even one second well
what because I'm excited I want to see
what the newest member of the Phoenix
Suns is going to be
literally the biggest smile on my face
right now like I don't even care eight
more hours until the NBA Draft Bosley
are you ready are you excited I'm about
to leave to the gym I obstacle play some
basketball and then come back home get
ready for the NBA Draft
I can't wait guys tomorrow is my
birthday my birthday is tomorrow Friday
and I don't even care about my birthday
because I'm so much more excited for the
NBA Draft
I can't wait and we'll see what's going
to happen oh my goodness guys as you see
the NBA Draft starts in just over five
minutes about five and a half minutes
and the NBA Draft begins
hold on guys oh my goodness so as you
guys saw you know I've been waiting for
this moment for so long the NBA Draft is
always one of the funnest days of the
year for me well a Lisa starts out being
one of the funnest until you know
something bad happens for the Phoenix
Sun because Hank we are the Phoenix Sun
and something bad always happens to us
it's never good for the Phoenix up but
now I'm just joking guys actually I'm
not really joking but whatever so the
NBA Draft is always one of the funnest
days of the year for me and for those
wondering you know where Jackie where
are your friends who are you watching
the NBA Draft with yo come on now I'm
watching the NBA Draft by myself it's
just I can't I can't have somebody else
in the room I mean I can't like Jackie's
downstairs with my mom she's here but my
room is locked the doors closed in the
room is locked I don't know it's like
when I watch the draft I have to be
focused oh my gosh we are under fondant
slash now for the NBA Draft and god I'm
so excited I mean I'm running on zero
sleep I didn't sleep for a single second
actually no I'm not gonna lie I fell
asleep for a couple minutes and then I
just like shook like I woke out of it
you know when you fall asleep and it
feels like your body's falling off a
cliff and you're about to hit the bottom
of the ocean
that's what it felt like and I woke up
so I'm practically running on zero sleep
but I'm so full of energy just based off
pure excitement I'm so ready for the
draft this year is one of the most
unpredictable drafts yet you know
marquel Folsom's going to go number one
you know long the ball is going to go
number two to the Lakers but after that
it's so unpredictable you have no idea
what's going to happen you have so many
trade rumors with Paul Joyce to LA Jimmy
Butler - I don't know Boston Minnesota
and you just don't know which ones are
actually going to happen or not until
today I'm ready to throw my birthday's
tomorrow just ask me do I even have any
plans tomorrow
no because I just think they develop
days won't worry about the plan tomorrow
I don't know guys it's going to be crazy
and I just hope the Boston Celtics do
not take Josh Jackson number three
because I want the Phoenix Suns to get
Josh Jackson for those who don't know
the Celtics pick third and the subs pick
forth so I hope the Phoenix Suns can get
Josh Jackson I hope this helps pass on
him
actually I want marquel closer or longer
wobble obviously that's not going to
happen because we got dig in the NBA
draft lottery
so I would have won in Martel's or
Alonso but that's obviously not going to
happen the Lakers are going to take
Lonzo marquel is going to go to Philly
and now I hope we get Josh Jackson
because I think it would look good in
the Phoenix Suns uniform we'll see what
happened we are two and a half minutes
away and God I'm ready okay guys so the
draft is now about to start the
countdown is over there's zero seconds
left we're just waiting on the slap
commercial and then it's going to begin
it's never fixed many rumors I feel like
that's what makes it so exciting and oh
my god I'm sorry Mont green at 35 oh my
gosh it's really here I don't know why
the Celtics are trading marquel folks
Philadelphia is so lucky why are you
giving them five minutes too big just
make the pick right now everybody knows
it's going to be marquel folks just big
right now Philly would it daddy's sorry
no I did diss them exciting my home
oh not okay don't press anything I won't
break anything dad
the room will be good yeah I won't I
swear and God sorry doesn't care man
he'll like this I don't have any like
cabinets or anything in the back yet so
I can't really put it anywhere they're
the best I can do I apologize I know
it's a very very bad you but please bear
with me until all my furniture comes
down I'm sorry
imagine Philly the biggest curveball
ever they come out with the first pick
Philadelphia everything to draft I don't
know Josh Jackson or Jason Tatum just
imagine that happens obviously that's
not going to happen but I'm just saying
how funny would that be oh oh the pig is
in the pic is it let's see it
muffled he's so happy look
Lavar ball is so happy because now lawns
will go into Lakers obviously Dan that's
going to be so nice for fairly Benjamin
Joelle and B's and Mark young folks and
everybody's forgetting about Dario
storage okay now the Lakers are waiting
to make their picks look honestly some
people were trying to tell me oh they're
not going to take Lonzo ball ball come
on bro it's obvious they're going to
take long doable
I would be surprised shots whatever you
want to call if they didn't take long
ago ball okay guys so the Lakers are
about to make their pick I already know
they're going to take lawns of wall book
could you imagine what low for ball
would do if the Lakers chose somebody
else the only reason I want them to pick
somebody else right now is just to seal
off our balls reaction and I'm sure you
guys wanting me to film it because you
guys always laugh at my misery and the
Phoenix Suns and I'm probably gonna go
through some misery with the Phoenix on
tape but we'll see okay Adam Silver's
out with a pig let's see long dough ball
getting drafted to the Lakers
or I do it I do it people are trying to
tell the other good thing deer and fog
oh they're gonna take John chances come
on bro Lazo was meant for the LA Lakers
lavars probably so happy right now Oh
for anybody wondering this second Pig
should have been the Phoenix on pigs but
we got dick in the draft lottery so
that's why we're not picking second okay
guys so the Boston Celtics are on the
clock
Markel close and long the ball those are
and top two picks
obviously everybody ought to do that now
here's where the draft gets interesting
here's where the draft get confusing and
here's where it affects the Phoenix Sun
the Phoenix Suns want Josh Jackson but
the Celtics who pig right now also want
Josh Jackson so we will see I'm hoping
the Celtics do not take Josh Jackson
they have two minutes to make their Pig
I don't know I'm hoping they take Jason
Tatum please Boston do not take Josh
Jackson but of course I'm a saucepan and
good things never happen for the Phoenix
Suns never so obviously I already
expected Boston to take Josh Jackson and
I would be so upset I would honestly be
let's not okay let's not even talk about
it because I believe in the law of
attraction and the more I talk about it
I believe it's actually going to happen
so Boston uh-huh just take Jason Tate oh
please I want Josh Jackson and CNN and
I'm pretty sure this is the reason you
guys want me to record the draft because
you guys love seeing me misery you guys
love seeing you like this nervous
sweating anxious I don't know why you
guys do what you do and oh my gosh one
minute left until Boston makes their
pick
please do not take Josh Jackson please
just just for once for once can
something good just happen for the Suns
I've had enough of bad things happening
to the Suns please oh my god
there's ten seconds left I still want to
make their page and Jimmy Butler just
got traded
Jimmy Bullock not too busted because
they're just Minnesota peanut rings Paul
Jacoby's Chris does and the number 17 to
Chicago and here's Jimmy Butler and he's
going over to Minnesota
here we got one and Minnesota also
governor first round big from Chicago
what's the hell bro I'm over here just
waiting to feel boston-based and
freaking Jimmy bubbling and trans soma
Tim rules doctor Keith Andrew Wiggins
now they have Jimmy Butler karl-anthony
towns and jooheon come on a Boston just
raise your kids already
JFS craters Jimmy Butler everyone
thought you was going to Boston I
thought he was going to Boston
Oh Boston was about to make their tape
and now they keep talking about the
Jimmy Butler train come on the Celtics
tickets in just come on announce that I
can't wait
please don't take Josh Jackson please
come on boss it just adds undercut of
them will fit in a minute
with a third fingers is close ones best
pulling up please don't go dancing yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah let's go let's go
yeah yeah I'll miss Lulu yeah Josh
Jackson coming to the Phoenix Suns but
go I knew the Celtics would take Jason
Tatum I knew I knew it
I'm not saying Jason Taylor is going to
be bad don't get me wrong I actually
think Jason Tatum's going to be really
really good but I just like Josh Jackson
better that's it I just like Josh
Jackson's face better on the Sun I'm
still shocked after Jimmy Butler train
they didn't even have to give up Andrew
Wiggins
okay so now that comes are making
they're taking four minutes I'm 99.999%
sure it's going to be Josh Jackson this
is what I wanted and Wow for once the
Phoenix Suns are doing something that I
want is the world ending either with the
roof without a fall on my head I'm going
to take cover right now I feel for that
when Adam Silver open that envelope you
is going to say the Boston Celtics elect
Josh Jackson just because of you know
the Sun are literally magnet to bad love
obviously hey that's definite Suns are
going to get the mission the sounds are
going to get the player that I want once
in my life tell the camera oh I'm the
way could go along the wall yeah yeah
yes for once in my
son like something good is now they take
some wonderful no I told him there's 99%
chance so it's not making their picking
two minutes to mentor anybody true love
it don't do a little bit because I'm
sitting in the beach I can't help but to
do it as Lotus jump on the bed okay fine
I'll jump on the bed but we'll see I
don't even know if we're going to take
him for sure we will see okay to sunder
make your pick right now feed some
select Josh yeah that's gotta move
forward there's our little forward okay
I'll just book make earthquake sorry dad
Josh Jackson man I think he fits her
wait I'm still shocked at something good
actually happy for the Phoenix Suns
imagine he becomes the biggest bust in
ma history not just joking but I'm
actually still shot that the Celtics
didn't take in right oh my god he does
everything else
well guys wait I can't really talk right
now at this point cuz I want to watch
what Josh Jackson s sake my guy
JJ Josh Jackson that hat looks fresh too
imma have to hit up all the barber for
you so he could get a fresh cup butter
than that I love this pic of all I like
this pig his strong suit is it scoring
so he won't take touches away from Devin
Booker and I think that's the biggest
thing
Phoenix I like it look dear Fox
I think the Kings are going to take him
they have to I think dear applause dear
folks actually has a chance to be the
best player in this draft
for once when it comes to fuck this I'm
waiting my damaged luggage or do you
care for what I'm happy with Phoenix
does dude oh my god with my with my damn
books is already I thought I left it up
oh yeah yeah oh my gosh
I'm gonna make this my Doritos
noon that's my new favorite sound and
now the Kings have one minute to make
their selection I'm pretty sure they're
going to get the air fog and I'm hot
baby I need to get me a Josh Jackson
Jersey I feel like she complements this
team so well now that the Sun's made
their pick I feel kind of relieved the
sweat it hasn't fully stopped coming out
but it's a little less sweating my heart
is it out of my chest I feel like I
could kinda watch the draft with ease
you know what you know when you have a
presentation in class and before you do
your presentation you're all nervous but
then once you go up there finish your
presentation you just watch everybody
else you know you're just chilling
that's how it feels like before the Sun
pick I was all nervous and anxious and
then now after the Sun stick it's like
I'm watching all the other classmates do
their presentation and I'm still shocked
the Minnesota Timberwolves got to be
bolder okay the pick is in for the
Sacramento Kings let's see if they take
the air and fall and you dress with
several kids to let you hear club I'm
Kentucky University I do it
I like that for Sacramento okay guys I
know it says Minnesota's making this
pick but it's actually the Chicago Bulls
because of the trade
they better take Dennis Smith Dennis
Smith junior Dennis what oh shit damn
did it bro Dennis Smith is falling in
this draft Danny Smith both the Knicks
are going to get Dennis Smith now I
thought oh okay so I thought the magic
we're going to get wet what the hell
they really took about number seven wow
that's weird but wait what I'll give all
guys I'm gonna go off-topic so I thought
Orlando is going to get Dennis Smith at
number six they didn't take him so I
thought for sure Chicago would get him
at number seven but they didn't take it
so now the New York Knicks at number
eight are going to be able to get Dennis
Smith I feel like that's such a steal I
think Dennis Smith is going to be really
really good we'll see the next half five
minutes to decide but I'm pretty sure
they're gonna take Dennis Smith okay the
Knicks are opportunities they don't say
that it'll be while
eg Guinness miss Jenny David Smith is
really going to fall to number 9 Frank
Nitti little bit of a hook
oh my bro this trap happens I don't know
guys I'm so I love that football there I
I love the NBA so much shit like I'm
such a weird person I'm 21 years old
you know my life should be about no
partying and going out with friends and
doing all these crazy things I'm living
life's crazy and all this but instead
Here I am all I do all day is edit
videos film YouTube videos and watch
basketball and I think it super excited
about basketball I live a weird life
hopefully my mom's founded me that's all
I gotta say hopefully my parents are
proud of me but I don't know what I'm
talking about this during the NBA Draft
but mom dad I hope you're proud of me in
life now let's see if Dallas takes
Dennis Smith I don't want to so -
excited the sun's already made their
pigs but it's just so crazy oh no look
Nick fans before you kill me I'm not
saying I hate this pig I will admit I
don't know enough about this guy to give
an opinion so I will know I will shut up
I won't say anything about it anyway I'm
so shocked that freakin the bold look
they gave up Jimmy Butler but they also
gave up number 16 Chicago I don't know
finally lovely I'm talking to you would
you pay attention for one second think
finally the sons doll who I want it ok
buzz it is why I talk to my mom and dad
and not you finally the sons took who I
wanted I'm so used to you don't know the
season hasn't started yet we'll never
know because mom I'm so used to every
year oh I want the stuff to get this
layer and then one pic before the team
always takes the draft is like the first
time is like oh my god when did the
trampoline in the den the backyard yeah
mom the only thing that was going
through my mind the past couple days was
a draft
I don't yes I've been living here but I
don't know my head was just focused on
the draft yeah the Sun took who I wanted
but we'll never know how good they are
until the season actually starts and
they play games for the NBA okay guys so
they're going to end my video for today
I really do hope you guys enjoy I wasn't
planning on making a video on this mom
what do I usually do when they're like
son's related stuff on the TV you get
mad you come home and you find any
little faint start of pattern no I'm
trying to say like I'm usually just
focused like no distractions or anything
but you guys were literally like killing
me on Twitter please make a reaction to
the drafts please make a reaction to the
draft so that's exactly what I did for
you guys I hope you guys did enjoy this
video
shi-lang some fire yeah I'm happy that's
what I was going to tell them I'm sure
you guys are mad because I'm sure you
guys wanted me to make this video
because you thought I was going to go
crazy and these break things and start
crying but no for once I'm so shocked
that the Sun actually did something that
I wanted one of the most exciting things
of my life I loved watching the draft
but now on to my birthday my birthday is
tomorrow or actually by the time you do
know by the time this video gets
uploaded my birthday is that day my
birthday is Friday June 23rd and now
that the draft is almost over I could
finally start focusing on my birthday so
for like eight months I was just focused
on the draft and then I have like six
hours to focus on my birthday but yeah I
got it is my birthday on I am excited
I'm not going to lie I have nothing
planned so nany decided even though
there's like mommy yes you did
there's no what if she didn't know
everything you have nothing planned
right I mom all I've been thinking about
the dress like whenever my friends try
to tell me Oh what are we doing for your
birthday I'm just like I don't know I'm
trying to watch the draft so we got to
figure it out I don't know we'll see
tomorrow what happened but I'm turning
22 years old honestly I know 22 like
it's young but I feel so old I feel like
an old man like the beard and the stress
wrinkles and everything it's still my
baby yes twenty sweet rosy baby
thank you so yeah guys I really do
you guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much for watching drop a like if you did
enjoy subscribe if you're new and if you
guys want to check out my NBA channel
down below I'll leave the links in the
description on my NBA channel I'm
actually going to pretty much go in debt
just my in-depth analysis so if you guys
want to check that out link is in the
description below
other than that happy birthday to my
handsome bugs thank you he doesn't know
what's the plan for into me I think well
is it the snake prank for my birthday
I don't know jump off the roof anyways
bye guys thank you so much for watching
god oh my god this is so emotional like
every time I watch the draft I just
imagined the emotions going through the
players head when they get drafted and
their families if I ever got drafted I
would cry so much I won't even be able
to make it to the state because I would
drown in my own tears before getting up
if you get drafted and you don't cry I
don't know how you do it that's just
crazy
in front of your family knowing you're
going to be playing basketball as your
job for the rest of your life it's just
so emotional so crazy like all the words
you put in growing up all those
practices although scrimmages you know
all the workouts are all paying off
because you get drafted
