cuz my nekron so I can go to the second
floor
fuck you get up yo guys for today's
video
do you know the ingredients we're gonna
be using and if you want to find out why
follow us to the bathroom wait that's
nothing wrong why are we going in the
bathroom together okay you ready to do
the video
well we freakin look like to aid them
the Fabri G in this game haha do you
break them man no wait you step guys we
can crack it doesn't show it doesn't
show you behead both first of all it
scared me our magic does the magic
wasn't planned I swear with you the door
closed okay let's skip all the way back
death tell your hostess unless you use
just for the video please it's getting
ridiculous
I know you're late man but come on chill
out this might be one of the most
uncomfortable videos I've done from the
dog food and the freaking all the
readings here to be in a bathtub of my
best friend with the door closed I don't
know it doesn't get much weirder than
this but we like to do weird because you
guys enjoyed watching weird so without
further ado it's time to explain what
we're doing in today's video this is
going to be a guest that youtuber
extremely disgusting nasty so what we
did shout out the phase run
brother we asked you to screenshot the
faces of ten youtubers and not tell me
and then it's liver put them in the
album
and send us the album so right now on
Genesis phone we have the picture we
have not seen who they are and how we
figure out which ones getting dumped we
got 10 cards here and whichever trying
to drop we are gonna go an order of 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 pinto beans and you
should have got black beans black beans
okay don't got the album first go open
it together be ready on his block ready
set go
you really thought I was gonna get his
stubble right summer Rae is fine Dennis
said you could have summed into this and
he would've do pick a card any card
please be dog food dog food number one
number one to you let me just say okay
listen let me just say this cake was
five bucks there's no way I was gonna
waste this without eating some flavor on
my hair
okay anybody next one ready go that my
friends I don't know I'll say Logan Paul
I'll take Nick whose place why okay up
wouldn't find any use the picture that
everybody knows each Brian at school out
of the mysterious colluding detective
has to find random people but I think
stop food I'm not talking to a girl for
the next within 10 years
trust me but the milk is called it
please it's cool we kick in minute yeah
my joke uses a good idea because I I can
barely see I feel like that man please
suicide I go I'll be nice okay
okay let's go why don't you describe
them to you
okay next
okay oh no how am I gonna throw away my
own brother if it doesn't get a millions
who use what millions of you
yes god trouble like he didn't say 1
million said millions of you or else
please please please say things it's not
these visits it face these banks look
like that you want me to pick one you
wanna pick one what is it 3 then get
right okay so this one's already broke
it so will be nice more cracking we'll
just pour it oh oh
become one that's like Cape with after
all bad
well you know what to do this one have
to hit it from the top no come on no
come on for the video go oh okay wait
wait if you spit on me one top take the
top card I did the top card okay you
talk lard seven it's done no I wanted
dr. pepper that is you would tell you
which card to take I take that card No
you just don't get it just go just go
no break up
a little would you cheer you guessed it
before you I know it won't ruin this
other picture you just take the tough
part was my mom think of me bro / 22
year-old Jevon it's covered in refried
pinto beans in the shower with it in the
shower setting in salsa soup dr. pepper
cake just go just go and take the dad
tell me I said yeah this is enough it's
freaking and down wait and I'll let you
pick I'll let you pick barbecue sauce or
ketchup forget the car
forget the garlic sauce he said don't
put a long
I can't stand in here
but all the holes in the phone
I swear bread dings stop stop stop
dammit I'm crying there's a funny video
I've ever been a part of just so I'm
gonna have to squint this I can't step
I don't know why I'm telling you he
looked like West Johnson when James
Hardin crossed him I swear
honestly like I know I'm a youtuber and
I've done some crazy videos and like
dumb ideas in my life but what were we
thinking oh my gosh our song would say
can I use your shower oh no okay why not
I just found a beam on my shirt we have
the cleanest bow technically I don't
need to shower right it wasn't that bad
so we're showered we're kind of clean
now I'm sorry but Dennis the air still
smells like salsa but it's all good it's
all good it's all good it's all love and
look at this crime scene so you know it
starts off with a couple of dirty
clothes on the floor nothing too bad
couple stains you know again nothing too
bad some cards nothing too bad oh wow
empty cans what's going on here and then
you look at them look at your death
hands
those were your cries for help little
did I know he couldn't keep his balance
and he slips Hey I was really salsa
dancing
wait just to show you how bad the slip
was all of that was over there when
Dennis slipped it for you well I need to
get to work figure out how to clean this
guy's don't try this at home please
Dennis I'm sorry I was crying when you
slipped but I was gonna be using this
ain't why do we have to get this
involved I like this imprudence and it's
go ask where they're from like all I
wonder if we do this video like my mom
is just mean questioning who but what
kind of son did she raise that's like
top three dumbest video ideas I've ever
came up with but we did it for you guys
so please drop a like on this video if
you did enjoy it subscribe to this
channel if you are new freaking I still
feel dirty I think she had poo a million
times but watching many times wash my
face brush my teeth and I still feel
dirty I swear
oh man I wish the freaking things can
get drained instead of our energy you
know how boring would it have been if
this was just a regular edition I'm glad
I did the extreme nasty I love you so
much
let me know what you guys thought about
this video I hope you guys enjoyed
Brandon aka Boris I'm out peace
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
