so am I here like all time Oh Lulu back
to you yeah what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka for what is and today
I'm here with the love of my life
my best friend Ali it's good how are you
well I feel 100 us with each other the
whole day anyway God so if you're
wondering what we're doing in the old
house right now first of all can I just
say there's no cable no electricity no
nothing so the lights don't work the
fans don't work that ain't sweating so
much oh it's hot I don't know even know
why wearing a hoodie it's just a
tradition to wear a hoodie before a
basketball game anyway the reason we are
in this house and not my new house is
because well I'll just get into that
later first and foremost let me just say
today I'm bringing you guys a brand new
basketball league game video and this
mix oh that bag I don't know I'm showing
what now this may come as a bit of a
surprise because for those of you who
don't know you don't keep up with all my
basketball video team art playlist we
didn't make the playoffs our season
ended we didn't make the playoffs and
the season doesn't start till next month
so if you're wondering well then how are
you making a baffle video today that's
because one of our boys were really
really close to a shout out page us out
to you he's actually played in the
league and tonight in his playoffs this
is a playoff game and he's missing a
couple people from his team and actually
sadly Peja got hurt he got hurt playing
at the gym with us yesterday so he can't
play today and he's also missing a
couple people from his team so he asked
me Ollie and one more of our boys you
have no ingestion but playoff game
exactly we're sending right into the
fire in a playoff game you guys might
know Justin he is the Filipino Michael
Jordan yeah he should be here any second
this is the real deal if they lose
they're out so we got pressure of hey
Brandon ollie Justin you got in mind you
know playing in a game where if you lose
the season's over you literally have to
go in and win for the guy and pay two
workload perfectly lot of boys but we
want to let it down we'll put them in
the long dope where you guys will get a
chance to meet and he reminds me of a if
you don't never got a chance to watch
Jersey Shore you guys know Mike Mike the
situation but if you guys are wondering
while you're in this house let me get
into that so we were driving to the game
we were about
get there and we looked at the time
always there's no there's no clock Jesus
but wait oh my god
I'm trying my phone and there's no
charge oh my bro yes that's a Nick I'm
not used to living to help notice your
kids
but anyways got we were driving to the
place and we looked at the time the game
doesn't start until 7:00 p.m. so it was
still early and the area that we play
basketball it's pretty close to the
child it's all my Collies for all times
safe for freaking all time sakes
I don't care if there's no cable no else
to see I'm here there's no furniture
anything let's go to the old house so
we've just been showing here if the heat
is 109 degrees I feel like it's a Shanda
and now we're just waiting on Justin I'm
the way he's deaf so we're waiting on
the Filipino Michael Jordan shots of
Filipino flood and yet so we got a game
things add up really a 4-1 playoff game
let's see what we can do back at it
babies I get it big chances of a wide
squad we in the motherfucking building
good look at that
yo Justin Rott home ok I've got my house
changer good show you guys
I don't know we're at the new house
we're far away
yeah but we're at the new house I can
tell you a lot of blogging here in your
water
alright fine at the old house just come
here and we'll drive you there I wrote
okay guys there's a reason I'm really
really worried to be playing in this
game like I'm extremely worried because
today is Wednesday and on Thursday is
the NBA Draft and for those who don't
know the NBA rumors are so crazy when
it's like draft time it's like if you
even put your phone down for one single
minute you can miss the biggest news or
the biggest rumors I've literally been
glued to my phone this whole day like
just refreshing twitter because I follow
a bunch of NBA reporters and I've just
been getting like the latest news and I
swear oh no ok that's fake wait oh my
gosh so like I'm about to be playing in
a 1-hour basketball game I can't even
put my phone down for a single minute
because I'm scared to miss a rumor how
am I going to put it out for one whole
hour
Jordan guys here's Justin's brother he's
here Jordan
called me out for what did you say
yesterday about my phone oh yeah you're
gonna finish it down because both NBA
Draft season if I put it down for even
ten seconds I know nothing but hopefully
there's nothing that happens while I'm
playing this game please NBA if you're
watching this video can you not make any
trades or any crazy dudes just for the
one hours I were going to play
basketball game robotics would
appreciate it thank you very much all
guys and in case everyone's wondering
the reason Jordan isn't playing is that
he sprained his ankle earlier today so
we were forced to pick up his brother
sadly Justin Sam what's going on after
Jim Jordan sprained his ankle Peja hurt
his neck let's see if Justin's really a
stylist he's like the people who lie
about where they are let's see let's see
let's see let's see oh he's right there
Wow your brother's trustworthy but
somebody can job my car well Justin hey
are you allergic to driving lessons on
bro no Justin hates driving suggesting
literally like we could always take his
car he doesn't care if we take his car
as long as he doesn't Drive I still call
you that okay wait you stole from my
house is this what we moved for for you
to come here and see all the leftover
stuff oh my gosh is this weenies are you
on the cover of Wheaties
wait so who's driving so we're gonna in
Justin's car but he's not driving not
gonna show her oh my Ali loves driving
he's such a dad when it comes to driving
what both no stop so that gives me
nightmares one time for one whole day
Ali role played to be a dad and me and
Jordan and Justin were the kid that he
drove us all around town buckle up now
y'all and well in a minivan freaking
band he took us to get yogurt and get
food and everything it was so scary we
couldn't tell he put us in timeout he
made us go around the dinner table it
was Ali we're not doing that again
I can't even focus on the game bro trade
rumors
porzingis the sons are trying to get
part ingots i would cry from happiness
if that happens oh my gosh
so Ollie took this and I'm trying to
force him to post it because I think it
looks good but he doesn't want to post
it when it's healthy yes
well Jordan well I'll be poster but you
look good y'all busted oh my got it
Jordan T book you posted it imposed to
the boat this is what your best friends
doing here he's in some pain got a big
game it's time to get a nice and
stretched out get to sniff this out once
business if it's not the sniffed is who
does it base like I don't know I think
laughing a touch on all the other good
touch yeah don't I'm not say anything
about Jackie touch it's really really
good ball even a lot of people did tell
me how could all these six foot four two
hundred pounds so he gives me a hard I'm
sorry it was sorry wrong camera he's
like 180 I mean not guys the only bad
thing right now about this buyout game
is me alia Justin had no idea we were
going to be playing okay okay thank you
very much
we had no idea we were going to be
playing at all until a couple hours ago
so this morning we all went to the gym
and we played so much basketball like a
lot like my legs are kind of shop yeah
and and then but we went back to the gym
yes we went back after we a is dude yes
waiting to hell we were going to play a
game tonight so guys we all three of
them we went to play basketball and then
we went to eat and after we ate we're
like oh we don't have anything to do
tonight so we'll just go back to the gym
played some more basketball and then we
get it takes oh so do you guys want to
play in the playoff game so not any game
a playoff game like I don't like your
dad but and this isn't even the first
round what is a semifinal yeah it's my
gosh if you lose season's over when I go
home
so when there goes to a championship yep
Phoenix won the second but let's just
worry about getting there in time the
game starts in 10 minutes I don't even
have my freaking shoes on I my sandals
on shoes I bring them all we did your
honor my muscle oh my gosh shall we
always forget to damn shoes
what are we get it this is chef little
Moses a car that park oh okay alright so
just the championship a height once it
is a shot nasty bitter rude rude who
blew so all these attempting to tell
Jordan where to park and how to get
there in Farsi right and everything
pretty good if you never know where the
hell he's going so I expect Brandon and
Jordan of all people to know how to
speak Farsi fluent they've been around
me long enough wait what do you know
about Jamie oh I can't watch all but you
oh my God we're gonna go so far oh my
god
it's never been like this I know about
you since you sprained your ankle and
you're not playing if the Suns make a
trade bow just scream like during the
game don't wait dose the time out don't
wait for me get on the bench just scream
while I just scream while I'm playing
Brandon the sun's traded this guy in
this guy for this guy bow don't even
wait for me to get on the bench or
anything so me ollie and Justin have one
job that's to win the game Jackie's
going to be filming and your job is to
watch if the Suns make any trades please
both haven't you beekeeper what do you
mean am i watching the draft I'm more
excited for the draft in my birthday
well I'll go to the fair after the draft
I'm not draft allen iverson number one
they think there's a joke well I'm more
excited for the draft in my own birthday
come on both sober hug popcorn and stuff
I can't eat I'm too nervous bring the
dress but honestly these rumors are
crazy I can't pull my phone down oh I
didn't check my phone it's been 1 minute
I didn't check my phone Jordan hold on
guys I got a check sorry I'll be back ok
guys so the game literally just started
I mean we don't even have a I'll leave
the only ones out of shoes on so I guess
I'm coming off the bench right now okay
guys so this is weird coming off the
bench but it's my fault for not having
my shoes on I did peda the best shooter
in LA Fitness history after Justin and
myself okay you guys I lead to some
authority since I'm starting on the day
I have more time to read and be a
roommate but they're all about porzingis
I don't know why the hell the Knicks
were traded that's crazy the next piece
in The Hague if they won't try them
again
by fencing all the ways that you can
argue all the ways that there you go no
known and once we get further up
division that in that poky notices we
will got your super-ego let's get the
air
come on there was a lot
the colorful Autolite work back I'll get
it on
Hey Wow
34:20 so fucking ridiculous
what is on the other team so now the
flavors valid if it has the W out
Oh
go for a bomb
Oh
oh that's horrible
unbelievable horrible rap
if you can hear that
okay we lost but if this man was playing
it would have been a different story I
doubt it but don't underestimate another
day but it was a good season
tell them about Pater he's being humble
right now we used to play at the gym or
younger this guy was a man the old man
Jordan telling you how to do it you got
a guy to call your uber already you said
you'd rather over the drivers own car
you should try to be like a chauffeur
like drive people around all day or over
a driver you would be a good virgin if
the passenger called uber Justin pulls
up a so are you trying to drive I'm not
on a job right now well I feel so bad
for Jackie in this car ride she's
sitting next to two sweaty
middle-eastern man that is a lot of hair
a lot of hair well not really for me but
over here sound to the hair squad okay
God what you thought it was you
yeah you have a camera I knew it Bo okay
so we're a board member right now we
came to eat to celebrate the defeat hey
purposely we have to eat food that we
don't like yeah because we lost we have
to punish ourselves or we have to ask
the chef he has to stay in our family
law case if we're going to come here we
I don't like I'm gonna get officially no
you love fish like Jordan you and Jackie
could have normal food cuz you guys
didn't lose another word LM everything
bro that would listen let's just say
something really quick that team bro we
did we couldn't beat them honestly I
don't know what it was like everything
went right for them and everything went
wrong from yes both me and Justin all
admit we played like shit we don't play
this bad all these still quite good I
apologize to Pedro because I play like
shit I really wanted to run like sorry
pages but all it's all good it's all
good
but on the inside you want to kill me
obviously you know you could blame the
rest or whatever but that's not the case
we lost fair and square the other team
was too good yeah they played really
good defense wicking pretty fast yeah
they're using their D on us and they
were just being a stuff they were all
that D they were just dicking us bro
that's it they dig this row that's
that's I'm going to take JJ we're sorry
we'll get you a W next time
later hater bye ollie
okay guys so I know I don't live here
anymore but we're already in the area
Ali's leaving so honestly I think I'm
gonna spend a little bit of time in this
house and then go to my new house after
but for now we're already so close to
this house so I want to see you again
I miss this house guys I swear I miss it
look let me give you a little tour of
how it would be if we never moved so
right now out of came after my
basketball game my mom would have been
in the kitchen you know cooking some
food for me Brian and my dad cooking
some dinner for the family and Bosley
would have heard the garage open and he
would have came running and be like loo
loo loo loo loo and then my dad would
have been upstairs watching Netflix
Brian would have been in his room I
don't know why the hell I came here at
night because we have no electricity or
cable or water so me and Jackie are just
going to be here in the dark but it's
all good I want to spend some time here
now I'm just joking it's not good I'm
getting freaked out right now so my
girlfriends feel but not guys really I
do I do miss this place
like when I walk in here so many
memories go through my head and it's
crazy I miss it so we're going to chill
here for a little bit and then go back
to my new house hey Bosley how's it
going Bosley so long he's like Kevin
Durant when he fully extends loudly do
you know what tomorrow is the NBA Draft
Brian did you know that but I can't wait
that's literally what I've been waiting
for
grab the drafted in 19 hours dad you
look younger I swear stretch for you mom
you look younger - hey Bosley are you
going to watch the drafts tomorrow I'm
not going to be able to sleep tonight
dad I'm gonna be awake all night reading
articles
only has four horses for thick it's
getting really really late right now but
I swear I can't fall asleep because I
keep reading all these engager oh this
one has Josh Jackson falling to the Suns
I wouldn't mind that if Josh Jackson
felt oh Suns I would be dope but I
really don't think I'm going to go to
sleep tonight I think I'm gonna stay up
all night just reading all these drafts
articles look there's so many I read
away I didn't read this one there's so
many I'm trying to read all of them
before I go to sleep but anyway oh my
gosh I look like the people before you
enter a haunted house with the
flashlights whoa-ho-ho I look super
scary right now but anyways that is what
the rest of my night is going to consist
of the NBA Draft starts in about 13 or
14 hours so I cannot wait this is
something that I look forward to every
single year it's only once a year and
honestly I'm more excited about this in
my birthday because as a basketball fan
I just love the NBA Draft I want to see
what Trey's are going to happen you know
who is going to be the newest member of
the Phoenix Suns all this stuff not only
am i reading the mock drafts on the
computer but I'm also watching draft
stuff on the TV so you got the computer
for one source of information and the TV
for the other just in case something
happens in my opinion the New York
Knicks are absolutely crazy for even
thinking about trading crystals for
thing is but the Phoenix Suns way to
somehow get him I was freaking cry tears
of joy and tears of happiness you can
see is really really good anyway yeah
probably gonna pull an all-nighter just
reading all these sports articles so I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of your
night and about that game earlier man
that team was just tough man a physical
defense they were they just played a
better game than us they beat us fair
and square and I feel like shit because
I feel like I could have played much
better but I don't know why I don't know
what happened I just didn't play to good
and my boy Justin I know Justin could
have played better he didn't play that
good and then we were missing Peja for
those you guys haven't seen Paige at
play but he scored over 20 points every
single game easily he scores almost 30
points so missing him was really was
really really important fun I feel like
shape so we lost that game anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching drop a like if
you enjoyed subscribe if you're new for
what is imma spend the rest of my night
catching up on all these NBA mousetraps
I might get some sleep I might not
here because the NBA Draft is tomorrow
my birthday is on Friday June 23rd I
have nothing planned yet but more
importantly the NBA draft anyways I'm
out guys thank you so much for watching
peace guys I'm so awake
I swear I'm dying because I'm so tired
look it's 5:20 a.m. but I can't go to
sleep just in case I miss a trait
because 5:20 a.m. over here is 8:20 a.m.
on the East Coast and 8:20 a.m. is a
perfect time for the NBA to make a trade
so I can't miss any trades so I need to
stay awake guys
