ready yep what's going on guys mama here
popplers and today we're gonna prank
Brandon after all the prank that he's
done to me today I thought I bought a
bad bad prank is not like something big
but it's going to be something sad
that's gonna hurt him alone but a cool
sort of order okay as you guys know and
if you don't know let me tell you we are
very close family like see each other
it's in with each other make videos
together do challenges together so we're
used to be with each other all the time
now we move to the new house we still
have our old house so we're going to
fight abandon with that we're going to
tell him means proper ugh
going back to an old annex to live them
over and you guys are staying like
Brandon Brian was right on with the
reason why we moved to us for you guys
safety now you all settle your moved
here I miss my family I miss my neighbor
and this the place that I was living in
so me and dad decided to move back and
you guys are staying well we'll see
we'll see what's gonna happen
I know they're gonna be very upset by
the way Brian is in this prank but he's
not here to help us but Brian knows
what's going on I wish he was here we'll
make it funny
okay okay he's taking a shower now and
we're gonna go set it up in the living
room because it's going to be weird
calling him following to my hips
obsession no no and you take care of
what to put again please hide it good
oh yeah and you guys this is nothing
compared to where I have in mind for all
of them including the one he's holding
the gun okay ready
find a place you know I'm just going to
hide it behind okay while I go all the
hormone we just hided folks behind
right
you're wondering intelligible
you're going to sort of darker this more
he follows Allah driver car I
accidentally I I accidentally drop a
cupcake on the carpet industry that
candy right now
what a nice yeah yeah wait darling I'm
just kidding they all say on the side
hey weirdest Nick
even if I'll stand that I know if I
really do some personality on and
quietly that you have to - I know - here
mmm I know Brooke ma stop I know what
was the stake and when you got that
white girl trying to get you a little
big ass that's why you're trying too
hard or I'm gonna lock the door down hey
Brian what a mistake hopefully was going
on and they think I'm stupid I hope
someone gonna come
I'm good you guys copy god I'll do its
own time but okay how are you guys you
know all my disciples have pain how many
youths witted like it's obviously
different because we don't have any damn
neighbors like what I feel like in this
house we can all be here at family like
you'll become I know you now finally
miss me
and if I'm going to like a home alone
because it's so like a table and the
other in the whole house
if you were here my dad was there it's
telling you were all going together even
as even I don't mind when you were down
in the office I still feel like new
things good y'all good news on my house
not is everything cool full this was
going to happen
oh wait Hana I do love the house and I
love everything about it very much but
one thing I complained about the gin
used to be not even 10 minutes
I go ask mom do you guys are worried
anything - yes I know I don't want to
take that sort of thing I don't address
40 minutes for tips and sporting example
that's the one thing I care about every
health at least yeah everything is good
I like to watch another
no don't look the illusion of gravity
okay uh basil all looking for you don't
ask me how I feel because you guys want
to involving the town by you know I love
with is when we go in for you know like
we bring my bottles or hands-on advice
if I never asked you guys know how do
you like how could you got friends well
the boundary yeah we love it is the
beginning to push screams is genuine but
lately the best like specially he well
as about people people raised is just
the only and everything goes okay
what I did to do everything with my life
looking like going over dress at all
everything okay I did that today when is
that when to bring those of you know it
was once of yourself
I felt homesick so much that I thought
today come on Reza the invitation so
leave that living Thunder I have a lot
of things at home my neighbor is close
to my family that we paint so now that
is ours are all grown up we're not
wildest one thing straight out windows
back to the anomaly I'm gonna be then
hold on hold on hold on it was hurting
our house I can see stuff like this
optional I was thinking about an
audience here I know you say you're home
to become engineers I understand them
how do you say that action how I do not
hit my yeah we used to live in LA you
know Brian is numbers on Figueroa was
not with you to know you and now we just
like too many moms just loose in my life
I know as a person oh yes in the other
house it was smaller so you know
sometimes I'm editing my video and
you'll be right next to be like across
the hall over here how much getting my
videos you guys are country will tell
with we did like most of the newer you
as a normal Brian up there yeah I think
you got to feel lonely but you can't do
not dare say that they're going back to
the old house we haven't I just can't
like yeah I know is the reason why
there's a horribly nice place oh hey now
I'm going to Brian - you're driving
don't really say Thursday I'm going to
list it okay I'll tell you how to get
where you're coming from view another I
understand everything you guys are
saying importantly I feel the same way
but you can't say you have to we walked
out it's not like it's not it's one
goodbye an OD other Co here we can
return how we came to the house see now
we were twenty one twenty two or twenty
two in base and your brother 20 how are
you decide to get married you both came
arrogantly we're going to meet that
wasn't my old I understand always but
this is what I'm saying before we move
our specials and we tell me
different like fun people go mr. Faber
everybody don't like but we decided
rather listen this is my life I know
exactly what mama
yes so long tragic be my are true boys
what are you to live in this because I
say and they'll be the Michael on there
for you and home safety not for me that
okay we were there no one's one of
others
the sample is self coming and you think
I can - mom it's dangerous for us to the
verge of a mine detector if I'm wrong so
I can't eat no I don't understand okay
nice a rush so profitable be here's
against everything you're talking about
I was showing you like but this is don't
gotta be doctor - no it's an Isetta
common - beautiful
I know I'm here where you're coming from
you got our nation 100% but you guys
can't just leave my stuff the wolf and
his house feel like we thought you loved
me like for me to know Alice's and
beginning to me rather than mouths like
okay well defendant who is important
being and we swim just in a second no
like yeah I know but what about what
would I tell me that I wanted to get old
that's right but because you guys love
to town so much entrance Brian but
without someone I decide you know what
okay all opens up remember I was holding
everything that but I told myself you
know what if they all move my pants
wanna move and I'm going to do it for
them I don't want
I know so I know why we was in control
as NSHE we take what we did have to an
heir to the touching but we we put money
a lot of my bottom line we're gonna live
the home for you on breath how are we on
easy no is it easy to tell you guys like
7 with the oxen our responsibility I
just have a like evolution so I'm
building a small house you just put so
much money so how do we got now going to
be for happen and if we would I do we
it's not like in a statement we know
they're not a different life and we do
you'll be fine I know your value
I hate like you guys metric wait mom
the morning can't remember how you guys
are think okay maybe me and Jackie will
move out alone but I feel you know what
I want to keep the film together I want
to stay with you guys and I do believe
and why will you comment to give your
name's gonna stay here notice the
obvious if you're buying it here you go
you without me
that's it but we talked about this
before we have we buy a bigger house you
design I know what's in your mind
listen this is our first night we listen
with the Web today guys again tonight
this is he yeah you know what in a while
we don't get all cocaine I can say one
month
Jake listen obviously I'm 21 years old
on your son so if you guys want me I
can't make you safe but like for the
last I just want to say why they should
skate first the biggest things we bought
it it's not a like I said it's not a toy
oh you have to see okay let's return the
house case that we now max and we and
bronze we we put a lot of money to the
south
especially either one what I did it for
you got me we put on the vegetables look
at the energy like effective as you like
I can be better get used to it a lot and
then the third thing is just like
dangerous for me imagine without the
holder you got a Caspian - so you guys
can with each dangerous mom and the
thing is being an item here why share
about you've got I do care of people are
comfortable days and I mean I know a lot
of happens when we used to live us other
and you have to take out the trash
behind you were scared you didn't even
take out the trash and the same
situation just as nearby loops people
still know God listen people will not
let you don't say it enter on your
channels or Corps p.m. right hat are so
the perilous you can do that people are
going to notice I am I can't abandon I'm
sorry I'm sorry this is the Irish thing
I oh I know that other one is B's all
right now you're talking about me and
Brian you know the boys one to 21 and
one is 20 we are going to live in a
house this is what we're going to do
like like don't need a help this video
to go down enjoy yeah but okay we're
going we're going longer you can cut
what we can do
we're going to go to the health you know
life to bring the last hope something
else though
because of just fucking friends look at
where the camera is just falling through
da da
just say it I'm broadest and I just got
pregnant and dad you think we're going
to leave this house for you guys to
party in whatever you pretended that you
were sad wait can I just say one day
what who has been pranking you easily
right why do I get out oh wait I can't
go home tonight I gotta leave right now
I can see the happiness in your finger
all my friends know and helping I god
yeah wait but it's been somewhere that I
can be in this to see it I don't even
know where you guys have the cameras
over here listen I was so upset because
this whole moving process I was telling
them look guys are you sure you want to
move here it's far away from all the
places that we grew up in it's far away
from your family as far away from my
friend
so are you sure y'all move here and they
were like yes random you know we'll get
used to it we'll get used to it and now
not even one of us up living here they
sat me down times they're gonna go back
I'll just like put you Kimmy we just
look so much money to the show dad you
think I can live with all you guys yeah
okay guys since I am stubborn I didn't
want to say to their faces while they
were telling me to suck I wanted to tell
the mom dad I can't live without you
guys
like I don't know what but in the heat
of the moment when they're doing it I
was getting upset so in my head I'm too
stubborn I'm like you know what I'm not
going to tell them I can't live without
them I'm gonna make mother
yeah I'm gonna make other excuses I
don't want that they're too dumb but
guys it's it can they get upset when I
say that like when I get nude I'm gonna
have to book out I can't live with you
guys forever
I can't
when I hear that I just I just get like
my dad kidnappee
dad's gay mom do you really okay guys
that was literally my mind was so like I
didn't know what's going on because I'm
trying to focus on what they're telling
me but in the back of my head yeah I
thought Brian was going to come in with
a snake and then especially when you
walked into the front I didn't even like
when I saw him there I was just like oh
hey Brian and I like one minute past I
didn't even notice and I'm like wait but
I logged or how did he get in
mom I'm serious when I started there did
it to it one well the snake never know
that's never happened in my other
harvester I will have a heart attack
okay if you guys want me to have a heart
attack then doing the fucking the today
just fuck it when I when I'm like ready
to get rid of you and yeah when you want
me to die that they're bringing guys I
swear when Brian was skating and I saw
him I was like right but you know I got
paid 100% look you could say I had an
idea that something's going on yeah I
had an idea that there were numbers of
snake I didn't think this was the prank
I really believe them I don't know easy
going to go back to the old house and
like leaves this I would I love the live
area and mom don't more reason we left
other house because it started becoming
too dangerous for us live there with the
whole had just being leaked and
everything so when you guys were telling
me we're going to go back I'm sitting
here like wait my parents are going to
be endangered I'm not going to feel safe
with them living there but I'm their
kids so I can't tell them no you can't
go
so in my head I'm like they're gonna go
they're gonna live there and the whole
time I'll be living here I'm gonna be
like Kate something's gonna happen yes I
mean gonna happen to my parents and you
guys want to go live there going in club
you want to go stand together with you
since they prank me and they've but now
they're all family thanks together stay
together that's true a family
Thanksgiving stays together
I didn't leave them though because my
mom used to always hang out with her
sister like back over there when we used
to live a mom yeah and now we feel so
like separate from everyone else but
they still come to visit all the time
it's just hard to get through the
security and not you Frankie how long is
it not
nothing we mean there's nothing you
gonna get I literally dropped to my
knees on my breath
oh don't you scare bubbly that's what
have fun okay is this a game yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this little little
friend and that there's no chances for
your chin in you know you put it because
I want all the two million winner has
maybe to watch what mama I wish I have
only six hundred thousand excuse me what
inning already canceled I love it well
thank you so much Sam till I get Frank
and I have to edit the prank not not on
the bed because in my head I was like to
do they think that like you can just get
a receipt and give the house back wait
so wait so this is my video for tomorrow
than by you okay so you want I was
planning on saying this for my video but
since I guess they did the video for me
I'm gonna say at the end here
my birthday is June 23rd on Friday and
I'm really really excited but here's the
birthday throw it away because the NBA
Draft is on Thursday and I'm a million
times more excited for the ending online
wait what they walk quick when they
watch this video Wednesday 2 nd address
is tomorrow
on Thursday that NBA Draft mysterious
22nd Thursday I don't even care about my
project I really don't think and
gamecaster some people care yes some
people care about my birthday thank you
guys but guys NBA draft the rumors have
already been going crazy so many trade
rumors about anyway that's a different
topic for a different Asian
thank you guys so much for watching this
video comes you guys nothing the alto
I'm not even doing thank bring it like
you guys for watching you guys enjoying
my love on akuze
I look Maggie that's me I have the best
kid and I really love my Catherine stay
with them anyway you over there anything
wrong like you're like yeah at this mom
all right boo boo beep I was so long I
got I was so mad and I'm I'll call me a
beer
right wait wait wait
