okay guys so if you're wondering why me
and Jackie are in the car right now and
planet if you're wondering why there's a
second and one holding we have a
freaking now while we have a slap get it
a slap of lettuce in our if you're
wondering why we're in a car and we have
lettuce in our hand you will be informed
shortly why we are doing this I know I
might think I look so cute am i wax
statue at the wax museum
no but this what they look like come on
one okay go what are you doing
this is my house nobody can force me out
this is my room this is my cabinet this
is my bed set now guys I'm just joking
we are me and Jackie came back to this
house because I need to get my shampoo
you know face loss all that good stuff
my dad bought my mattress and I
appreciate that Dad but I need to get
all the little things
me and Jackie decided to come back to
the house I'm going to bring some of my
clothes to and it's getting real like
this really is it going to be our home
anymore my parents and Brian they
already moved a long time ago they
realize that but for me today is like
it's finally enemy today's really the
last day in this house it's getting real
it's sad I grew up in this home my whole
childhood ever since from age 5 I was
five years old when we moved in here and
now I'm 21 I turned 22 next week but
yeah I just I'm going to miss this house
I swear this is I'll always have the
memories of this is where I started my
youtube channel and I always have the
memory of you know I was living here
when me and Jackie started dating I was
living here with just all the memories
growing up it's just crazy and yes so we
came to take a lot more of my stuff to
the new house and it's just finally
hitting me that this is no longer going
to be our home it's crazy and I got to
get used to it you got to get used to
adjusting to new situations because
that's just what life is and I'm in the
middle of getting used to a new one so
that's what we got to do it's just sad
because like now when I talk I can
you know I could hear like an echo of my
voice and it's just so weird because
like I said growing up in this house I'm
just used to you know my mom being
downstairs and my dad's sitting right
here watching Netflix on a TV that's not
even here anymore and I don't know
Bosley laying down right here and
watching the sons games in that room and
walking past this room and seeing Brian
Eddie you know he doesn't even have a
keyboard or computer here anymore so and
you know all the statues and paintings
off the wall everything's just gone the
house is slowly emptying day by day
we're taking more things out of this
house and moving into the new house and
it's just so crazy to me like to you
guys this might not be a big deal but to
me it's just I don't know it's all
hitting me right now and it's it's crazy
guys wait we forgot what did we show
them in the car it was in your hand I
slap myself in the face with it I
stopped doing the highlight I put it in
the fridge guys because I was getting
warm from the car ride did it get a
little cold
well the lettuce was for this little guy
is it for you or this guy for what look
where he is he's in there yeah look yeah
because that he likes being here now hey
hammy we brought it for hammy
because hammies move out date is
tomorrow he's not moving out with us
tonight tomorrow we are taking hammy to
the new house so we brought him a little
treat a little snack so hammy the
lettuce is for you I love hammy so much
and I still haven't touched him ever not
once he bites so much but he's a really
good kid don't get me wrong you know he
doesn't cause any trouble he doesn't get
in a lot of fire he's not a bully he's a
really really good kid and you know all
this staff his teachers and his fellow
classmates they only have good things to
say about him but he bites so much other
than that great kid intelligent kid here
I'll open it as long as he doesn't bite
my finger off we'll be fine
hey Amy you're gonna let him go by
accident anyway okay hold on you don't
know how to take it on
pammi is because okay this cage yeah I
don't know why hit me is living in a
mansion but oh well good for him see
kids is what happens when you work hard
study
just follow your dreams this is what you
could achieve Danny had only been alive
for a couple months and he already owns
a mansion he's a DJ Khaled of the
hamsters all their children sir
okay why don't we go hey hammy you look
sad buddy
hey hey you fatty wait oh my gosh if he
escapes we're going to be here for eight
hours trying to catch him
there you go Hamid is a little tweet
wait guys look how he rolled it oh so
funny how he holds it
Sammy you're so funny guys look I don't
know if you could see it but it's right
here I love Tammy a little clue because
he always sleeps in here
so at night when he goes up his little
tube and he comes here he's going to see
a piece of lettuce hanging off so it's
like a little treat for him at night
that he'll find and now me and Jackie
need to well first we're going to handle
our business and then we're going to
move all my stuff look we're getting all
my clothes ready
oh man the last time I'll be touching
the orange and purple walls this is such
an emotional moment for me the only
walls I'll still be touching by Latino
walls but not be going in purple ones oh
and the last time I'll be finding
Jackie's fake eyelashes in my room I'm
gonna miss finding these right here on
top of my bed and the last time we'll be
going down these stairs the last time
I'll be touching this right here the
last time I'll actually look into
Brian's room and I don't catch them
jacking off it is getting real I'm just
joking guys I'm just being dramatic no
I'm not living here anymore but until we
start renting it out
I could still come back here and touch
the orange and purple walls and I could
still catch Brian jacking off in his
room if he wants to but don't get me
wrong it is still a very very sad day
very sad moment and it is only right for
this emotional day to bump some old
school Drake
I'm gonna miss living in this house I
swear it today is such a sad day for me
I know all my family already moved out
and they already moved all their
furniture so they're probably used to in
there over this house but for me this
was officially my last day because I was
living here alone for like the past week
I just didn't want to let go I didn't
want to let go of this house so I stayed
here alone for the past week but today
it's officially done and it's just oh
it's so sad I swear okay guys so Jackie
left me because she had to go spend some
time with her family yes I know Jackie
actually has a family she has a sister a
brother a mom I know it's crazy and you
guys know where I had to come right away
the second Jackie left me I didn't even
think twice you guys already know oh
shit there's a reason I don't play
professional basketball but you guys
already know guys look I had to come to
the gym because I was already in the
area being that me and Jackie were
already at my old house I was right here
close to the gym that I come to and the
reason I say I was already in the area
because I was at my old house is because
let me break it down for you guys really
quick so this gym that I play at every
single day almost every single day every
since I was 16 years old I turned 22
very soon
so that's almost six years almost every
single day for six years I've been come
I sound like I'm in an argument Jackson
I'm here almost every single day for six
years I've been coming here never had a
membership to any other gender the first
year I came to and I've had a membership
here since and it's like ten minutes
away from my old house the house that we
used to live in the house that I just
came back from barely 10 minutes away
maybe even five minutes away but from
the new house from the house we just
moved into this gym is like 40 minutes
away it's so far and it sucks I hate it
so I was like you know what Jackie had
to go home and I was still in the area
of our old house so let me just come to
the gym I'm about to play some
basketball just by myself sometimes I
like playing by myself more than you
know playing with a lot of people and
the question that everybody asks me is
even though we moved to the new house do
I still come to the gym or will I still
be coming to this same gym and my answer
is yes
I don't care if the drive is 40 minutes
away I will make that drive and back
every single day because the gym it's
like my second home
imagine going somewhere every single day
for
six years like when I step foot into
this very gym if it feels almost as
comfortable as my home it's crazy but
and also like all my friends come to the
gym all my friends play basketball here
and ever since I started daily uploading
for YouTube I don't really have that
much time to hang out with my friends
outside of the gym I don't really have
time to see my friends you know go out
with them so the gym the basketball
court it's pretty much the only place I
could still see all my friend so if I
were to go to a different gym I'm just
too busy with you know daily uploading
and trying to maintain two different
channels so if I stopped coming here I
pretty much would stop seeing my friend
so yeah for everybody asking I'm still
going to be coming to the gym I know
there's a lot of gyms next to our new
house we freaking have a basketball pump
at the new house but I just I can't stop
coming to the gym I love the gym like I
said feels like my second home and what
probably the biggest reason is this is
the only place I still see my friends
you know Jordan Justin Romel zip ollie
of course I love you guys and I don't
really have time to see you guys outside
of the basketball court so so i'ma still
keep coming here I will make that drive
every single day and Dec but now it's
time to go play some basketball by
myself because that's the way I like it
sometimes but yes since I was already in
the area only like ten minutes away and
I didn't have to make like the 40-minute
drive to get to the gym you know this
was the first place I had to come when
Jackie told me she had to go home to see
her family
so just to burn the flame even harder to
make it official my dad just gave me the
official key to this house so as it's
bringing all my stuff my clothes my
shoes wasn't official enough now my dad
my dad just put the cement over it
giving me the key to the new house is
it's over don't you miss the other house
lovely Brian the hard man at work
building hammy not a dream cage but a
nice cage like you're not upgrading to a
bigger house but you're upgrading to
like a nicer condo yes like more design
it's like more designed to pursue a
hammies up to right now
we moved finally moved hammy into the
house I thought hammy was going to be
moving in here tomorrow but Brian
actually went to the old house right
after me and Jackie left
oh he's where you he sleeps in the
weirdest ones unless you did I don't
know let's just say he's asleep so that
this video doesn't get a districted oh
you know he's awake but yeah Brian went
to the house right after me and Jackie
left good thing he didn't come like a
couple seconds too early because uh yes
Don Dona know the best news ever
you already know oh shit I think I just
broke this dad please tell me this was
already broken or else I think I just
broke it was already broken
okay thank God but you already know I
had some leftover canes from yesterday
so I'm going to heat that up and whoa
wait
I think Bosley got into this in a humble
bread I got the food ready
someone put Game seven on TV is it over
so yeah guys in case you didn't know
Game seven of the NBA Finals was
supposed to be today we were supposed to
be watching it right now but Golden
State Warriors took it all Kevin Durant
won't finals MVP and now we don't have a
game seven today so that's why the TV is
off thank you so much Kevin Durant
you're the reason I have nothing to
watch on TV right now
spot the difference oh my gosh damn it
why did I take a bite if I didn't take a
bite out of the bread it would have been
exactly the same Brian should I take a
bite out of Boggs head to make them look
the same guys hold on I'm going to take
a bite out of bubbly skull just so that
he could look the same answer sprint
okay guys and just like the Awadh his
family's moving on it turns out hammy
he's moving on to bigger and better
things
he got a run on the wheel he does not
around a little cuz he's so fast you
know how girls say uh all guys are the
same they all treat us the same okay
I've come to a conclusion all animals
are the same Bodley all he cared about
eating and he got that hammy all he
cared was the first thing he did when he
got here he ate and now he's fat he
doesn't even run oh my god Brian can you
fit Oh
barely fit I give that a ten out of ten
you know like that yeah I could send
Laurie oh no oh no back in the food
packs all over
wait that trick of him going through the
cheese or whatever that is that's cooler
than anything Bosley has done in four
years why how old is mozzie before 40 so
I mean he's 28 I could say the same to
blind all animals are the same bow well
you know how girls talk shit about guys
all guys are the same girls don't date
then well we could say the same about
Bosley and hammy all animals are the
same bro you know oh you want to man I
knew something triggered in my brain I
heard the ball bounce on the floor
something just triggers in my brain I
know I just got back from the gym dad I
want to play I know but I want to play
again who won the three-point contest
last time you think it was me or you
know with me okay guys I'm about to go
repeat I need to go defend my crown of
the three-point contest champion
hey yo Devon you want to play you tired
I just let me know if you're trying to
play tomorrow because we're about to go
play right now
all right both peace look who just
showed up not Bosley it fuck boy like I
said Jackie has to go spend some time
with her family I think they went out to
eat actually this Jackie's family
actually wanted me to go out with them
really really badly for a dinner but it
is Father's Day I'm gonna devote this
time to be my dad in basketball
Brandon K every other colleagues have
green and orange I like the yellow and
red and blue and red I leave green and
orange damn did you put a vacuum on your
neck look don't get me wrong I wanted to
go eat with Jackie's family they were
going out to dinner but it is Father's
Day so I think I'm just gonna spend
tonight with my dad and play some
basketball with him well I'm actually
scared to play my dad today imagine
since it's Father's Day God gives him
like Devin Booker Shaw he doesn't miss
any shot imagine God gives him for
Father's Day
a Devin Booker shot Russell Westbrook
athleticism
Kevin Durant length Kawhi Leonard
defense and LeBrons overall play and he
beats all of us I guess I was right
dad who won my dad won I told you guys
he got superpower father day magic
powers normally that's I'm saying my dad
got some super powers for Father's Day
anyone I knew that was going to happen
that's my good I said you're going to
turn into LeBron Kawhi Westbrook all in
one put one player ah and now we have to
shower but Anthony won't let me shower
with him for whatever we did I guess if
you want to put me down Anthony I guess
I'll shower upstairs
now this is what I call a Brandon room
it was not officially my room on time
made my first mess of clothes on the
floor mom when you watch this I'm sorry
I'll pick them all up right now and I'll
fold them later but yes guys it is
getting real it is getting official look
we have the mini-fridge right there I'm
about to start filming a video for my
NBA channel if you guys want to check
that video out I'll leave the link in
the description below so I'm going to
work on my second channel really quick
ah man now it's really getting real you
have the basketball league game jerseys
you oh you can't forget about this shirt
don't even forget about this one you got
all the basketball shorts in case
Jackson wants to go swimming we have a
bikini right here my mom put this here
for Jackie I swear my mom and Jackie are
like this the friendship is unbreakable
I got all my Nike Elise sucks going on
for when I play basketball it's getting
official all we have to do obviously is
wait for the full furniture sets to come
in those are going to be in in a couple
weeks actually
like I said everything was already
settled for my mom dad and Brian there
are the use of this but for me you know
all my clothes being here and look I
brought in my freaking my face wash my
shampoo toothbrush deodorant this is the
very first day so I feel like I'm on
different timeframes with my family
because they already used to this and
they already had time to adjust but for
me there's like my first official day
with all my stuff here and so it feels
weird being on different like timeframes
but it's my fault because I want to say
XO we got the old house and I don't
regret it I love the old house so much I
don't regret my ex a week spend there
especially because that extra week was
spent with Jackie so
alone for the whole week we pretty much
had our own house and lived on our own
so it was like a preview of what the
future is going to be like when we get
married whenever that may happen I don't
know when but I liked it it was cool
living with Jackie but now it's time to
settle into this home it's time to get
used to it just like my family did it's
time to break all my stuff in and it's
going to take some time to get used to
but that's what life is you got to deal
with change and thankfully this isn't
change for the worse this is change for
the better
Yoga a squat thank you so much for
watching this video and I want to say
one last thing before closing it out a
lot of people are going to say oh stop
showing you know what you're doing
behind the scenes with the old house and
moving the furniture and stuff and I
understand where you're coming from
because it might be getting boring just
seeing me go back and forth from the old
house in the new house bringing my stuff
but in my head I want to show you guys
the full behind-the-scenes of this
moving process I don't want to show you
guys you know oh we used to live in the
old house now we live in the new house
boom that's it no I want to show you
guys you know the emotion that goes to
moving especially when you've lived in
the house for that long I want to show
you guys not just you know the regular
everyday motion but I want to show you
guys how we feel you know my job is to
share my life with you guys so I want to
show you guys you know exactly how I
feel exactly what goes on behind the
scenes of all this moving process and I
want you guys to feel like you're moving
with us I want you guys to feel like
when we lived at the old house you guys
were living there with us and now you're
living in here with I want you guys to
pretty much move with us because our job
my whole family as youtubers is to
connect with you guys it's to make you
guys feel like you're a part of our
lives so that's why I'm showing you guys
such an in-depth detailed you know part
of us moving because I want you guys to
feel like you are actually moving with
us and I hope you guys are enjoying
these little behind-the-scenes clips of
us moving anyways thank you guys so much
for watching this video but wall squad I
love you guys all if you do want to
check out my NBA channel I've been
working a lot harder on that I'll leave
the link in the description below other
than that I love you guys all and thank
you so much for watching this video
peace out guys I feel like that is the
one thing I need to address more because
when I say that I love the old house and
I still have to get used to the new
house I feel like some people might
mistake me as not liking this new house
or not liking the change but that's not
what it is I need to clarify that I'm
very very thankful and very blessed that
we are moving into bigger and better
things because there are a lot of people
who
laughs they have to deal with change and
they have to you know change for the
worst they have to change to worse
things and that's it's said and a lot of
times when they have to change and move
on to worse things it's really sad
because a lot of times it's not even in
their control and you know it sucks so
I'm very very thankful I'm very blessed
I just feel like I should clarify that
because I feel like the way I talked
about the old house I make it seem like
I hate living in this house and that's
not the case at all I don't get it
twisted I realized that I'm very very
thankful and very blessed to be able to
move into a house like this with my
family with the people I love
