guys Anthony hit so stupid what did you
think that man I love LA you have to
fold your card for today do you fold
your butt Buddha before you put inside a
girl I know it's over 100 disease okay
where we headed and Oceania Xavier hey
me shout out at a good time Anthony's he
made us doctor saying catch me at VidCon
guys I said Anthony VidCon is next week
and sadly I will not be attending I'm
going to pull the council on you advise
you have a match like my Anthony on fire
any a match but yeah guys I tweeted it
all going to MLG Anaheim okay I don't
think the executive of you for my face
but okay I tweeted that I was gonna go
to Millgate Anaheim and nobody believed
me because obviously I'm not a gamer but
Bryan and Anthony were going on like a
little oh my cousin goes over the curb
Alicia's mother she's I need gay no one
not happy and young Bears was not
clearly gendered Bryan the reason I
didn't want to go because I thought
everybody who went to MLG Anaheim had to
like play in front of a bunch of people
and then once I found out you don't have
to hold the controller and play caught
in front of a million people all like
Bryan I'm in now it's still in my blood
guy Ryan no matter if I don't play for
10 years my pickups controller also have
it in me a mind like Michael Jordan a
couple years ago he would be everybody
but now like you're retired you're too
old and I think how many hours a day
would I play call duty and I'm Seri weld
hours a day at least 12 hours a day on
on weekdays on weekends like eight
weekend yeah like 19 and a half now I
feel like 19 hours and 23 minutes on the
weekend but yeah I got we're headed to
MLG Anaheim I've never been to an MLG
event obviously I'm not a video gamer
but I was like today you know what I'm
gonna just take a little road trip with
rugrat and the grill busboy so we're on
our way
you know what can I volunteer to test
out a video game in front of people man
really you want to play guitar here on
Senate
oh they have Guitar Hero they do I'm
going resonate but most rugged talk
about that I could do is the first two
buttons what were those green and red I
couldn't even do the order memory Bab
guitar here on playing no I don't care
I'm testing out cod nine black ops four
guys when I used to play my k/d ratio
was a zero point like zero zero force
not zero point four but like a 0.200
it's like your GPA
fuck that's pretty bad crime you know
like one point no it was it okay again
fine I was like a student winning it was
a disappointing okay let's not get
Anthony Anthony is I got it fourth year
in your new Brian senior year he's on
his fourth year of kindergarten
the traffic is piling up and we are on
our way to MLG aka Raising Cane's and
the reason I say that is because screw
the gaming the only reason I came is
because there's a Raising Cane's really
really close to the venue so I am ready
to have some raisin cake oh god I love
Brian he's a solid brother like I'll
drain him like a seven out of ten but I
hate driving with him because he never
gives me the ugh yeah because your songs
are from 2010 but do you know the song
latest song guys a fan shout out right
now I'm pretty much in court and we have
a job I'm in court like I'm trying to
petition why I should get the aux but
Brian won't let me get thoughts crying
please so Brian can I get the aux please
later it may be yes am i up next and
then years yes guys when brian says
later it's like when you're a kid and
you're at the store you say mom can i
buy this and she says next time next
time you know it's never gonna happen
don't they just tell you to make you
feel good Oh hmm have you guys ever
heard of good music yeah hmm
hey guys
now instead of giving me the odds
they're playing Pandora Pandora more
than me it gets so bad
Anthony Britta's music is terrible it's
so bad I won't be surprised by freakin
here Ashanti on it
I look so yeah what's how about oh I'm
trying to get I'm being bullied this is
really good at song baby i i love
Pandora this is better than my music oh
my gosh way they cost a lot from my
shadows more surprising them this song
coming on it Akon is still alive I've
gotten in our language we say Akon
either still be high it oh my god liquid
song play now fuck my phone let me throw
the topper on me man we can keep doing
Pandora bullshit right imagine if I
actually did Bryan would purposely speed
up so I don't get my phone do you want
me to edit that out
oh god I'm sorry but I love this station
it's so fun again wait I feel bad for
Anthony because he wasn't born before
any of these folks were talking the
whole song i-i'm kidding wait how old
are you though oh now Brides are
gangsters oh oh oh
with the wrong idea feared that they
hide you now what they say was this one
I'm okay guys so with about five minutes
left
before we get there we're at the end of
our two hour drive and I finally
convinced Brian look at this to get the
Ox
so I have the odds I can only play one
song though Brian gave me the words five
minutes in my life I solemnly swear away
asking with my right hand I solemnly
swear under oath that I will play a good
song and you will like it is that fine
here okay that one's important Anthony
shut up I like my intro this is all I
want to play Brian okay are you guys
ready my next and final song Anthony I
don't think you were born for this one
but I'll play with you I was born before
you okay oh you're not I heard you deal
with the soft lips yeah you know word of
mouth like why yes aminos did god
Disneyland is literally right here and
MLG is right here so honestly if I get
kicked out for being so bad at video
games I'm going to fucking Disneyland oh
they think of the Hollywood Tower of
Terror that's why I'm going all I would
talk to her was the scariest ride ever
first of all behind that's hot
Disneyland attack what it's right there
all they changed the name it's just okay
it's still the same thing just a
different name I'm not going to cut
Hollywood time experience you've ever
been on it you drop like it makes you
like just think about your heart going
into your mouth and you throwing it up
in a bin on these because your balls
just go all the way up to your chest if
I do get kicked out for sucking at video
games too bad then I'm going to dizzily
Anthony are you down or no yeah
hi beef with the Gucci shoe he and the
over yo and the Rollie Rollie Rollie
pollie was
not congrats the barn for real that
actually looks so thick you think it
looks super nice okay guys I know I
mentioned I wasn't going to be going to
VidCon and I forgot to mention why so I
really wanted to go to VidCon very badly
but the one thing is VidCon is going to
be during the time of the NBA Draft and
if you guys know me in case you guys
didn't know I liked basketball a little
the NBA Draft has had to fall on that
day and I can't miss an NBA Draft I need
to see who my Phoenix Suns draft okay
guys so we just showed up
we haven't even entered the door yet we
got fan love shout out to you guys thank
you both I like that jerseys fresh by
the way it's not the sun's but a fresh
jersey okay guys so the fan love is
piling up right now we haven't even
entered the door is one of the biggest
fans I've met for sure thank you guys
what what about a shout out to this fan
right here
okay guys she's right there let me see
rug rug please just one photo okay fine
let's do it
Johnny kiss on the cheek - do I get that
yeah Jackie he did it not me
hey damn guys I just met rug coat
everyone go me rug okay guys so a couple
minutes ago I said look at this and I
showed a little crowd and I said it's
crazy how many fans that were look just
a couple minutes later yeah wow that's
the water dad out yo we haven't even
made it inside yet we're gonna try to
get in it's wild right now shout out to
all you guys that's what shout out to
all you guys I can't decide I like -
sure by the way really just look what
Brian day wasn't my fault
okay shout out to Thomas he brought a
Ouija board and he said inspired by rug
this is not safe both definitely in the
state oh man oh I thought I was lawns
opal lawns oh okay guys he had me sign
the mouse for the Ouija board okay to
punch out whatever so I signed it ba and
I wrote sorry to the ghost because I'm
not trying to get haunted in the new
house so sorry good okay guys it's going
to be tough but I need a thumbnail with
Brian really quick okay we're going to
get all you guys in the thumbnail me and
Brian can over there because you know
how I have to use Brian in the thumbnail
or else I won't get used
I need Brian I need ride with me in the
thumbnail
thank you guys for the thumbnail I think
this the most people I've ever used for
a thumbnail honestly I swear I thought
you got kidnapped so I literally thought
you got kidnapped I was gonna meet all
you guys don't worry and then I was
gonna call the cops but I wasn't going
to forget about you guys don't worry
okay guys so we're finally entering
Bryan how long did we stay out there
like two hours guys we stayed out there
for almost two hours
we wanted to show support to all the
fans that came out and so we waited till
we met each and every single fan that
was out there before we finally came
inside we're sweating we're tired but it
doesn't matter like I said we want to
show support to everybody who came out
so oh hey I was about to just walk in
there's a line over there I forgot the
reason I always stay out and meet all
the fans is because you never know how
far they have to come to me - you never
know how far they drove or maybe they
had to walk and another reason is that
it costs money to come inside it's like
50 or actually $100 I'm not sure but it
costs a lot of money can come inside the
event so I told Bryan let's just do like
a little free meeting me outside for the
people who aren't able to pay and we
stayed out there for hours I think it
was dope it was cool and honestly I have
no idea what to expect because this is
my first
MLG event you guys know I'm not a gamer
so I'm just
I thought you Anthony got kidnapped
because I couldn't find you okay guys
what's getting me on the cup I want to
play caught on the big screen I want
everyone I want everyone in there to
watch me play cause if I get killed like
30 times in the room yeah right okay I
would have to use a shotgun but I would
have to use a sniper noscope would I get
kicked out of this advant files died
like 30 times in a row oh no perfect
colored VIP touches of orange and purple
Phoenix Suns they knew I was here and
you can kill it thank you I appreciate
that
hey guys finally met this has been so
long awaited we try to meet at the Cavs
game Ohio service and finally both it's
really busy at those games they
especially playoff the finals I'm trying
to play a three-point contest I really
want to okay
you're gonna bomb me up and one but it's
new to me shoot maybe that's also a
shooting isn't my strong suit so
three-point contest that'll be a good
one
I beat beat temper say tempers at work
and I be right now watch awesome handles
so come down I'm yeah that's me I see
okay so we made it in MLG I think so so
I'm going to end it right now okay guys
so right now we are on yeah yeah okay so
we are on mission find Brian because oh
wait the face yeah the phase logo so
Brian had to do like an autograph
signing so we lost him but I'm pretty
sure wait imagine Brian's little hand so
I think all the autographs because Brian
hands are like smaller than hammy so I
don't know how he does it and what about
thinking get how are you look at Brian
working they're putting the man to work
we were in it we're in the video
okay so these dudes asked me to sign
their shirt and I told them I have the
worst autographs out there but that's
how you remember that it's me just look
for the worst one that's me
I wish bonsly Cairo I wish you never
ever find the right words there's no way
this is real life there's no telling you
the right girl what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka everyone and today I'll
bring you guys the real scumbag
oh my phone - yo disguise while what you
have a pen Megan ranch is easy you guys
don't have a pen but I'll get you a pen
okay guys so we got the marker in hand
anywhere it's like oh hey Maya doesn't
matter as long as you this feels wrong
guys I asked my friend are you sure
that's what I'm saying well the easy
I feel wrong like I'm gonna go to
sneaker hell for doing this okay here
goes nothing
one of the wildest thing that's not no
that's cranky whoa you're saying a
freaking Jeep duel cup dude are you
crazy
okay guys so we just took a picture with
this man right here and Anthony like got
out of the picture and Anthony was like
oh wait you want me in the picture
I said Anthony don't have a name is
don't underestimate yourself where's
baby girl you're good people want
pictures with you don't ever
underestimate yourself earth boy
inspiration people want pictures with
you - don't tell underestimate that
buddy
I saw you hosting your own little
meet-and-greet outside do anybody
learner MLG it's been really cool it's
really dope well I feel so lost here
because I'm not a gamer at all I feel
like I'm a tourist in a different
country that's what it feels like in
here I was watching the TVs like other
gamers and when everyone started
clapping I'll be like oh wait did they
make a three did they do a slam dunk I
didn't know I was doing if you're
wondering where I'm going right now I am
going to the car to put my camera away
because I have a disease where I've lost
way too much why do you think all my
videos are so long I was recording
everything and so I said you know what
no the only thing that could stop me is
putting my car away so I'm putting my
car away
I met my camera so I'm putting my camera
away in the car and then we're going
back down to the event I'm telling you
guys it's a disease whenever I decide
that I'm vlogging for the day I
literally take my camera up and I record
everything and it makes me have so much
unnecessary footage and it just makes my
video so long so I said you know what is
it I need to go put my camera back in
the car I literally have a disease
called too much vlogging the only way I
can control myself from now blogging so
much is to put my camera in the car the
white we need to go watch the NBA Finals
of MLG everybody was going crazy getting
high you bring a bat ball more times the
game is like I can't talk about that
fault the gaming is that knowing you can
I they gave me event yeah because the
cheers that I heard when they were
killing people call duty it sounded like
somebody made like I'd say four threes
in a row the cheers were similar to
someone hitting four threes in a row but
anyways got I'm putting my camera away
and we're going all the way back down to
the MLG event guys oh my gosh I'm so
stupid
so we finally get to Brian's car right I
don't have its keys I forgot to ask
Brian for the keys so we have Anthony
changing in the corner now and we just
walked all the way here I kid you not
such a long walk for nothing mom dad why
did you guys raise such a stupid son
shout-out to my mom and dad same
question okay guys I know Anthony told
me not to pull my camera anymore but my
disease is taking over I just want to
say shout out to these guys right here
look at this so much Stan love thank you
guys like I can't even walk anywhere
there's so many people so thank you guys
for that
wait who won the basketball game I heard
a bunch of people cheering what was that
was it the Sun the Sun game they finally
won a game yeah sigh guys I'm right here
I love all these fans right now but all
I can think about Kane is that what you
can think about is where's the Raising
Cane's I'm not from here how far is that
by miles the FloorMate wait okay shout
out to these guys cuz they were asking
about basketball how long did I start
talking about it dudes like 45 minutes
it's straight time about basketball
we're a gaming event you can ask me a
question about basketball and expect a
short answer I gave him the full thing
Oh
babe
let me pull out now we know I ain't
gonna get 100 I don't call them back let
me see you hold it down we gonna have a
blast I just want to know what you're
gonna do with all of that ain't got a
sale where do your hands hurt yet they
think you think he needs it guys if
sensor wasn't greedy with the muscles
I'm gonna need you to give something
Brian if something me King okay okay
okay yeah Brian's on the same page I
know right we got all the way to your
car with no keys when I was trying to
put my camera away
you know why I told them I have a
disease it's called I don't know when to
fucking stop vlogging Brian my camera
comes out every second of my life but
time to go get some canes
we haven't ate all day what time is it
rhymes like 7:00 p.m. it's almost 7:00
at 6:30 we're supposed to eat right
before we went to the event but we
devoted that time to me all you guys
outside so now time for us we made it
look mama we made it
Kane's baby hey I said Kane's baby okay
even at Cannes we got fan love I came my
biggest fan okay guys this is what you
call true love I forgot to order Jackie
hurricanes but I promise it out to bring
her some look at this line look at this
line it goes all around the corner comes
all the way around the back and goes all
the way until any Anthony it goes all
the way to hell that's where the flying
goat and we were about to leave but this
is what I call true love I promised
Jackie that I was going to bring
hurricanes back so that's exactly what
I'm gonna do and we're about to go guys
apparently I did good on the way there
with the ark because they gave me the Ox
back on the way best begging the whole I
did not have to beg stop like Brian what
a definite yes it's just what I just
wanted what oh shut up you're bullies
I've been bullied to talk to you but
I've had enough now listen she's one
album on the way there I was playing
happy music but now you know on the way
back it's Leigh it's dark it's nighttime
we need some it's perfect for burping
Tracy this with now not just any drink
but the go album take care avid are we
going
I feel bride's tears all over my arms oh
those are my money the waterworks came
all with this song for Brian guys this
is what I come home to my mom literally
took the odd and make this song this is
literally my mom song
okay guys to close this video I just
want to give a special Happy Father's
Day to this day right here that can I
just tell them when I came outside I
woke up early to come say Happy Father's
Day to my dad and I was looking around
the house and I couldn't find him so I
come out in the backyard and he's doing
yard work he's outside on a ladder on
Father's Day my dad is still working
happy Father's Day and he made us
breakfast on Father's Day we should be
making you breakfast Bosley do you
appreciate Ron do you appreciate and he
fed for hustling no guys but really I
woke up early so I could wish my dad a
Happy Father's Day and you know I wanted
to surprise him with something and I
wake up he already has breakfast cooked
for the family and he's out working out
like this man is crazy dad thank you for
everything you do for us my dad inspires
me the biggest thing that inspired me
about him is that he was born and raised
nine in America he was born and raised
in Iraq and when he came here he came
with nothing he literally came with
empty pockets and he didn't know any
English and he just came here literally
with nothing and he worked his way up
worse and more than work to provide a
roof over our head food on the table and
everything so dad that's crazy the fact
that you came here with nothing and kill
yourself way up I don't know that just
inspires me anyway thank you guys so
much for watching this video
happy Father's Day to all you father's
out there and honestly happy Father's
Day to myself because Jackie she always
called me daddy and the last time I
checked if you're being called daddy
that makes your father
so Brandon happy Father's Day anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I really did hope you guys enjoyed
drop a like if you did enjoy it and
peace out guys
