okay guys so what we are about to try
right now we're going to attempt to get
Bosley to go up the stairs because we've
had this house for about two weeks and
Bosley three weeks sorry mister real
estate and Bosley has not gone up to
share yet he has not been upstairs
except one time but Brian had to carry
him up yeah he's trying to run away cuz
he knows Bosley no no on the flights
were set and you ran away and for those
that don't know Bosley loves his treat
so that's why that's so shocking
fun fact Bosley loves treats okay here
put him right there come here Bosley
come here
he's coming yes Bosley yes good boy good
boy
hey okay mommy's upstairs yes good boy
Bosley Bosley what's up here you want to
go in the balcony here pretty step and
his first difference is first trip up to
here in the new hub insane crazy absurd
first paste by plug in the new house
yeah I go oh
360noscope down there to Devin Booker
space on the wall
okay Bosley good job good job what brian
dean god this makes me so happy to have
also came upstairs because in our old
house that we used to live in he loved
going upstairs and now in this new
healthy was always scared to go out
because it's something new so i always
felt that now hopefully he could learn
to go upstairs so he could be happy
again like he was in the old days love
all these over issues yet try to throw
barbecue along to shoot Brian I'm trying
to talk about how I'm happy that he's
being happy here and how he finally came
up the stairs and okay guys one problem
though Bosley doesn't he won't go back
downstairs oddly and you like upstairs
are you happy I'm finally moving in yes
your monsters dumpster
oh wait you brought my mattress what do
you think about that I didn't know I
didn't know I thought you were at work
hey guys old mattress I just connect
your TV
Wow take the boxes over to the firehouse
oh it's just nothing good Dan so my dad
officially moved me out of the old house
and moved me here thank you Dad okay
I'll help you
Wow I honestly did not thought my dad
was at work and we were going to go get
the mattress later tonight but my dad
surprised me and he actually brought the
mattress all on his own debt this is why
my dad's the best this is what okay the
least I could do is helping dad let's
bring the stuff upstairs
so we're about to bring the everything I
don't even know what he brought but
we're about to bring it okay we're
attempting to get Bosley downstairs come
on let's go downstairs let's go so so so
don't know Bosley wrong way come on boy
let's go let's go down yeah close you
two are brain no no no no no no no no
let's go down you want to go bye Ron
Brian can you build a door here and
close it we have okay Bosley no let's go
really quick let's go downstairs
okay fine making otherwise no way you
okay no no no no okay guys this might be
the fastest I've ever seen Bob to run oh
no he's in my room now I'm gonna pee on
myself overeating wait how did you say
it so fast my identity scared now okay
Bosley we're just gonna go yeah let's go
yeah bye okay just carry him because he
doesn't know how oh here put him on the
first step again let's try it okay guys
test number two for ready Kabongo okay
buddy and go Bosley go let's go good boy
good boy nice ass Bosley whoo oh he
jumped he skipped this step
Oh Bosley what are you doing what you
want to play you want to play you want
to play now
okay please
Hey loudly okay here he goes good boy
can he fight he crunches his body up
when he runs
okay Bosley okay okay ah fine he's so
hyper right now watching okay let's see
Brian yeah right he's never going up
after that scandal yeah he's so scared
okay I need to help my dad with all the
stuff
Brian can you come upstairs then you
have a chance as something really
serious to talk about with you please
please this isn't a joke I'll be in your
room oh wait that's my room
do they have a map for the town because
that's what I need
come on rug rat can you please close the
door
no what are you both on the student
cameras right there is a hawk please
hi so wait please put the phone down for
real yeah just really quick so what's a
little closer look at what is you can't
hear us
I was thinking piteous so technically
they like my first day here so I haven't
officially been living here until today
that's my first day right so I left all
my ingredients why are you laughing
no go ahead go I don't know I didn't
want you to
so I'll guide by the way there's a new
shirt for the first time in five million
years what Annunaki sure about the blue
and white one the blue and I was in the
other room but things are doing or not
the feeling life
yeah now that was kind of old I've ever
heard of my new shirt
I hate people who wear the same shirt
over and over but anyway let me get that
good so I left all my ingredients at the
house my shampoo body wash and all that
so I was wondering if I was able to take
a shower and use your stuff and medula I
mean leave it I already used it Lisa
bloom flat the other no you two wait
what when we used to live together need
to share about no it's always raining
I have not using that you can use my
shampoo body wash I have my own leaf at
the other house until he was right
either way okay so I can do to share my
bottle or try okay I'm gonna use your
look either way no no you're not
showering here my dog take your some
garlic I'll take I'm listening
take care of to jack off are you really
going to die in a long time I want to
watch who do it in the balcony and I'll
watch from the window stop okay okay
what else
okay so the last thing I'm going to ask
I thought I was old with my dad you know
you bring my mattress and everything I
thought we were going to do together so
my dad's surprise but he went on his own
but he forgot my toothbrush so no you're
not using my tooth hold on I didn't even
ask me this by asking and I blew it so I
know who does actually before no I
haven't do to toothbrush that I've
detained the toilet before when we were
kids and we got a huge pot it was like
10 years ago but so can I please use
your toothbrush martini Yeah right how I
mean go home and videos I can't I guess
my gas light is on my gas light is on I
can't bake a cake I'm going to need you
to push in one time that's it
look at my teeth they're clean oh don't
look at this picture they are clean but
I love this filter they make my teeth so
white he has a filter maybe this will
convince Brides to let me use it okay so
look at the teeth bind what why would
you not let me use your toothbrush so
it's not a little you and Jackie do but
I have it ain't jacking in like 12 hours
I played like eight hours no you're
showing us okay fine but you'll enjoy
new shampoo biomes yeah but not my
shower I can't even use your shower
okay guys so I guess I'm not able to use
bronze toothbrush but I am allowed Brian
I already have my clothes in here ready
for ask look the shirt Brian the shirt
the blue shirt you already have it ready
yeah you do have a really here to shower
I don't you never got me a map I forgot
where my room is oh and my other thing I
had to admit I went up your lunch Cheers
no this just hit me Oh fine fine
so the first month I can get my little
Lord you know which shares in Mali go
with mawlana suppose us too much
and window here's okay justice also to
the first alright good job
blooper uh ok which one is your oh you
have the automatic weapon it's a charged
and fully charged
okay yeah fine I want to use it I'm
digging out of that no by my all charger
but I won't use your toothbrush I
squared arrangement and I walked in the
door so okay guys fresh out the shower
of course just uploaded my video to do
me going down to fuckin laundry machine
are you promoting your videos on my
alright I don't mind even though you
didn't let me use your toothbrush I
still use this hopefully okay guys go
check out Bryon's video if you just
upload
I'm just joking I use your two threads
but still go watch Brian's video guys
I'm tell you I don't know why I like
everything feels better when it's your
brother's like everything you use like
shampoo body wash or your brother has a
girlfriend like everything you use is
just better like it secured brothers I
mean when I slept that thousand you were
gone I used your shower and used like
some of you you know you told me you
slept in my bed what I feel bad for you
why would you want to sleep in my bed
wash it was not even what not even the
washer and dryer could take care of what
was done on that bed so that's joke's on
you when Brian so he's like sob and I
slept in your bed in my head I'm like
joke's on you why would you want to
sleep on my bed that's disgusting
yeah so my room is this way right and
about 200 feet I'm gonna make a left or
right all right okay and here you have
Jacqueline enjoying the view oh my gosh
wait about what that is a B then Anna
don't close the door
my legs hey all but if you got that all
the good title
- in hospital what do you mean that'll
be a perfect title it's a beautiful day
in sunny San Diego except it's a little
hot it's what like 100 degrees 95 95
degrees so very very hot but so
beautiful day here in sunny San Diego ok
so another one rules always tuck it in
before you sit like this or else you're
gonna hurt something wrinkled
a lot of people might be wondering
waiting what are you doing I'm just
joking nobody's probably wondering that
but I'll tell you anyway so the NBA
Draft is next week and with draft season
being around the corner there are so
many news and rumors that break the NBA
world and for those who don't know
I do have an NBA channel where I talk
about all these crazy deals and all
these crazy rumors so I just finished
selling a video for my NBA channel and
I'm about to start editing that right
now if you guys don't know because I
don't really hype up my NBA channel I
don't really promote it I don't really
talk about it I don't upload daily on
that sorry it would be way too hard to
upload daily on to different channels
for those who are interested in that the
link is in the description below and I'm
about to start editing the video for
that channel so if you guys want to
check it out down below if you're
interested in subscribing please do so
go subscribe if you're new the link is
in the description below thank you guys
so much the grind never stops guys I
just finished uploading my video to my
main channel and I'm already back to
working on a video for my NBA Channel
wilds logging this part for my main
channel video so whatever that sounds
really weird but the point is the grind
don't solve two channels I got to
maintain and I'm gonna try to do my best
dad did you pick this song what is it
it's not Freddy walk let's say playboy
you know what that is Playboy and cardi
there's my dad playlist yeah please
yeah Bosley who's winning this
three-point contest guys my camera is
about to die so I can't vlog the
three-point contest but tell who's in
the lead me second place
okay fine though my camera is about to
die but you should have wished my camera
died oh I still remain in the lead
though okay guys so it's championship
round like to charge my camera
so now championship round dad what did
you get three okay I got two okay so
Brian got two my dad got three now so
Brian's officially out and now to be my
dad I need to make four shots or more
all right let's go here goes nothing
well okay that's a good start right
there times we can't see anything
I know it's so dark so it is nice to
make two more and then he's okay
he's the official champion first
champion at our house
100 okay he just has to make one more
anyways come on don't choke for woo okay
chimp pick a game dad come on bring it
in bring it in a come on
good shape
ok guys hope it close this video out I
just want to say that we're all here
well except for Brian because Brian if
you're doing something crazy in the
whole house of course oh yeah the whole
family here the whole gang is here
including my boy
Bosley my grill yeah right now the old
house doing some crazy shit to close
this video I just want to say that it is
my first time in this new house but I no
longer than two guys miss me yeah it's
still lying again it feels different
they were threatening so bad every
single day calling me and even showing
them to the house my destiny was a I
hope you wanted and you know what your
you need to come to the new houses your
time at the old house is over but I just
bought the old palace collogues
until today my dad without like anybody
he wants to help
since my Master's economy zone but
anyways like they said it just felt
weird living without my parents I didn't
like it it was cool living with Jackson
was really really fun but at one week
experiment is over and I miss living
with my parents I mixed it done and I
miss Bryan is not here and this is are
just starting to feel like the whole
house we're all sitting here on a family
watching family feud while the little
Eskimo we have exactly there's like
basketball it just it's already starting
to feel like the old house so nothing
will be exposed to long in the mill
thing okay well nothing will be exactly
like old house but we're doing our best
amazing feel like the old house and
we're moving on some favor of editing
literally in sugar to me so yes I hope
you guys enjoyed this video my first
night here at the new house other than
that when is a mouth dead fuck all what
wife device and don't like if you like
hi hi mama
and others right and it's been run and
I'm not like insane insane rug outro
piece guys like that notification
doesn't want to do anything that is
subscriber to do head hi guys
don't do regardless where rather than us
we laugh more is like hilarious
hilarious hilarious turns and XS
together so quiet down here yeah I'll
give you today like someone he talked
too much
I make the house feel alive is the storm
water is filling often uncommon thanks
so much for watching video subscribe to
to under the rubble I can do like some
videos and I really did get lucky I'm
answering especially Bosley I miss you
so much
oh wait guys and the first crash shoes
that I had to bring
DB's Devin boogers I had to bring these
shoes first with me guys I get up to
turn the camera off and Bosley takes my
spot within one second okay dad go play
the family feud I know he's dying to
watch it okay go then occupation we're
calling your job is gross to me
firefighter thank you let's put a
petition right now the allotted family
wants to go on family feud
let's make it happen we would lose for
sure but we want to do it oh that would
be my mom and dad every answer and 0
hey I'm going back to the old house
I'm going back uh can someone help me
either mom or dad what is the fastest
route to my room I'm serious oh here oh
yes
guys the worst moment of my life already
is when I forget something in my room
and I come all the way downstairs at the
old house pot forget soda in my room it
takes me 5 seconds at this house if I
forget something in my room and come all
the way down I literally want to
I'm gonna have to go back upstairs okay
so let me not forget anything so I'm
going up to my room I got my laptop to
start editing my video and I'm gonna get
a water boy we can't forget a jacket
that time and you know now that I'm a
sneaker head I had to bring my weight
babe what are the shoes called it oh no
no they're called barons eleven lows
whatever the hell they called I had to
bring these to that new house of course
it's really late right now how do you
like the first night at the new house
I love it how it's cool I wish I could
show you a pity because my full foot
okay it's really dark in here sorry guys
but my full furniture set has it came in
yet so we're just sleeping on my
mattress on the floor and the TV is
right there and I don't know it just
feels really quiet like it feels like
since the house is so big even though my
mom and dad are here downstairs
we're so like far away that it feels
like me and Jack you're home alone right
yeah like it's just so quiet and
everyone's soul is separated and
isolated but our first night here we're
about to fall asleep it's funny because
we're saying but like even if we were to
yell over here oh yeah I'm gonna go
weird or something about this house yeah
the whole family could be here every
room is so isolated that you could feel
like you're home alone but anyways one
last time guys it's really late I need
to get some sleep because I need to wake
up early to edit I already started
editing some of this video but I need to
wake up early and finish thank you guys
so much for watching once again I love
you guys all and it's time for notice ly
peace out guys I'll be back but okay
guys so you know what imma go down Bryan
side for heaven's sake let me go down
Bryan side just so that when he watches
this video he could punch me one more
time but if you're wondering why I came
downstairs it's because I forgot to take
a night to Bosley and I really miss him
so Bosley Bosley okay my mom and dad are
asleep but I need second
Oh mom I need to say goodnight to Bosley
oddly tonight okay no but you have to
see the room you know you can't come
upstairs because you don't want to go
back down see I remembered good night
good night give me one kiss it's not
okay okay now I can go to sleep now that
I send my goodnight to Bosley guys when
I said I really didn't miss pawsley when
I wasn't living at this house and I was
staying alone at my wait which side was
my sign again other side but when I said
I really did miss all the way over this
past week I really did miss him I was in
line people don't understand I was Bob
Bosley just because he doesn't love me
doesn't mean I don't love him think
about my name ballsy's relationship like
this imagine you have a really really
big crush on this girl from your school
if she doesn't like you back that's me I
have a really big question on Bosley he
does not like me back
