okay guys so right now me and Holly's
Zara human Jackie who's filming we
pretty much was broken to the backyard
of my house we had to come through the
fence around the corner because okay
lost the purse I think criminals well no
long story short we went to my house my
old house and I have my T's right to get
it to my car
but there's one problem my car is inside
my garage
leaving the idiot that I am I closed the
garage and my cars inside so you know we
decided okay let's drive all the way to
the new house and pick up the keys from
my dad or my mom and then go back to the
house my mom and dad are asleep they're
not answering their call you can enter
intercom lion sleeping so so we hopped
the fence right now and I'm gonna
attempt to knock on the door so my mom
or dad wake up and I feel bad my mom and
dad work hard I don't want to wake up
their sleeve but we have no other way of
getting into now what is this no no it's
over there over there
The Tempest yeah let's check if it's
open they lock all the doors
oh wait for a good thumbnail can i push
you into the pool so here's what I think
is gonna happen so I'm gonna knock on
the door father's gonna go crazy he's
gonna start barking my dad is gonna
think it's a burglar or a criminal he's
gonna come out and like yeah it's gonna
beat my ass he's not gonna have time to
think like always family guys this house
is so big I still don't even know where
my parent is sleep is it over here on
yeah that will
you have to knock oh it was a lot ok
guys I'm about to knock dad when you
watch this mom I'm sorry I didn't want
to wake you guys out but I need to get
into the house you scare me I'm scared
Eliza Claire clobber you keeps asking
can I go back in the car ok let me try
to call them one more time just to try
to do this peacefully
dad only branded only me I get in these
situations all the time it's late guys
past 11 p.m.
ok so you're not waking up here goes
nothing I'm gonna hear Bosley go crazy
boat like mr. lizard or about to fall
into the body mist about to fall to the
body
I'm scared dad it's me Brandon your son
mom yes you're awake please open the
door I feel that please open the
bathroom door I'll come in and be a
criminal through here I hear Bosley
barking - because I'm so dumb so fine
you won't believe what I did guys let's
hear my mom's we actually okay so you
know how I went to go play a basketball
game
what happened I jump the garage ok so I
close the garage and I brought my keys
so that when I go back home I could open
the garage but there's one problem where
did I leave my car inside the garage
come on
loudly I'm right here oh hi I am hey Ron
look guys my dad's asleep hey Dad
so I should break into the house the car
was in the garage and I closed the
garage when I left to play basketball I
know I've done it multiple times guys
hey guys I'm done okay guys so Zara's
over here Jackie's here you know
Bosley's over there I don't know where's
my mom oh my mom TMS always just
literally in the bedroom with my bed
yeah yeah are you this is my love affair
oh I'll give a huge shout out to Zara
and Ollie for driving us down here do
you guys think I like Brandon I love
Brandon I love his dad way more yeah him
and my dad moron are you guys going
swimming yeah I think I'll leave my
dad's like long-lost son cuz my dad
always asked me to swim but I don't know
how to Swit all he knows how to swim I
know how to swim inside of other items
such as my girlfriend Jackie I could
swim in that but I can't swim inside of
a pool okay guys so for everybody
confused by what was going on I
apologize if I didn't explain it well it
was all so last-minute and such a hassle
but what happened was me and Ollie went
to go play a basketball game and when we
went to go play the basketball game I
parked my car in the garage
not at this house at the old house I
parked inside the garage because you
know I don't want anything to happen to
it just in case and when I parked it
inside the garage I left the house and I
closed the garage and so after our
basketball game I went home and you know
I looked outside the garage and I was
like hey how the hell am I going to open
the garage I did not have a garage
opener I did not have any keys oh my god
did you hear the frog down was a wild
one
that was the papa frog papa rug papa
frog top of frog that's so funny I'm
gonna start calling him that so yes so I
cannot get inside of the house so we
went to my old house so that I could
shower after my basketball game and so
that me and Jackie can film a video it's
really late it's all
most midnight right now and I have to
film a video with Jackie and then I got
to stay up and edit it so I'm going to
be up really really late tonight me and
Jackie I think we're going to shower to
it I was showering together was I good
enough today or no okay so she wants it
that's a little too kinky but oh my god
a rabbit look look a rabbit
guys okay so I decide I'm gonna shower
freshen up I guess
Jackson wants to use foil I don't know
we're gonna get into the hell whatever
and we're going to make a video then I'm
an editing I'm probably gonna pull an
all-nighter be up all night I'm sorry
what am I supposed to do yeah yeah how
scare did you get when you heard the dog
I think Bosley's night was ruined the
most he looks mad were you sleeping
Bosley okay dad what would you have done
in this situation I had to record a
video I didn't have my camera and ask
the shower what would you have done dad
asked me I told let's go to my house
where pears are what yeah I'd like that
you need to come over here tomorrow's
the first night for you my parents hate
that I still sleep in the old house you
guys could live here the old house is
where I'm staying
my parents hate me because everybody's
furniture and everybody beds and
everyone's TVs and everything are in the
house they officially moved in and they
left the old house in the past but for
me I'm the only one of his family that
still has his bed and his TV and it's
counted and everything in the old house
I'm the only one who hasn't officially
moved into this one if you go upstairs
to my room right here it's all empty
skill guys shout out to my parents for
being really really cool getting woken
up in the middle of the night they could
I easily been mad they could've easily
been pissed off but instead we've been
here for like an hour now just hanging
out chilling watch
hey I said we came here in the middle of
the night just to pick one thing up and
now we've been here for so long just
talking and hanging out yeah
Middle Eastern geun-hye's are ours yeah
exactly Middle Eastern goodbye the two
hours that's so fun yeah Bosley's ready
to go back to bed he's like Middle
Eastern well I'm not my father did you
kiss my girlfriend yeah okay coming
tomorrow bugling yeah goodbye Lucy
father you need braces are you in might
having a barbecue yeah or something
together first in the morning oh yeah
thank you guys mom dad thank you I was
good to you guys you know feels really
weird living on my own I feel weird
looking on my own I'm just joking I'm
officially moving in here tomorrow so
tonight it's minor Jackie oh wait I have
a choice to set that house okay fine
fine fine
guys my parents literally have hated me
these past five days that I've lived on
my own but let me just say I don't enjoy
living on my own it feels weird
thankfully I've had Jackie keep me
company okay so this is going to be mine
and Jackie's last night sleeping
together in the old house and then I'm
officially moving into this one because
if I don't move into this one I swear I
think my mom and dad are going to disown
me as a kid shout out to these two crazy
insane absurd gone wrong in the hood
siblings for driving us thank you sorry
thanks ollie that's a lot of squat about
Al we in the business hi guys and I am
back to pro lattices house hey we're in
the household so just struggle to get
inside the house but we're finally game
this freakin thing look so the garage is
closed and I couldn't get inside the car
I don't know I was just stupid I wasn't
thinking and the tapping it I've done
this multiple times so house you don't
understand the struggle we had to take
to get back in here Oh Hemi honestly Amy
oh the good thing about a hamster is
being alternative is that they're always
awake at this time so let's see where is
he
pammi this would find him he's probably
under the popcorn well he's in there no
he's not he no I did where's hammy you
said as he's always eating now I know
I'm depressed that Brian left Oh taking
over there Tammy everybody guys you know
today I actually felt that for hammy
because this is Brian's pet but he had
to have the time to move him to the new
house yet so Hammond just been here
chillin with me and I'm usually scared
of him me because he bites a lot every
time you put him in your hand he always
bites but today I was like you know what
hammy you look really cute and I feel
really bad so I put hammy inside of the
ball and I let him run around the house
don't get me wrong I didn't touch him I
did not touch him it was really hard to
get him in and out of the ball without
touching it but I did it I felt really
bad I was like bro Bosley gets all this
attention and playtime and hammies just
been in his cage so I put him in the
ball and he was running around the house
like a little monster it was funny okay
guys so me and Jackie have the whole
entire house to ourselves I try to say
that without a smile but I can't me and
Jackie have the whole house to ourselves
but like my mom and dad said they really
want me to move all myself to that new
house so look guys I kid you not
I'm the only person out of my family who
still has all the furniture in his bed
and everything at this house so Jackie's
been keeping me company it's this is
pretty much like a preview of a marriage
life we've been just in this house alone
for the past couple of days and except
one thing if he was this messy in my
house is swear to God Ivan's messy yeah
you know girls are missing on me so it
being the last time in this house me and
Jackie have to make the most of it and
yes so I know what you mean oh my gosh
you're saying where is he where did here
we go
guess who's here guys look who just
showed up wait take a guess
oh no not run but close his sidekick
it's my mom looks like my mom couldn't
live without me mom are you here because
you missed me I was coming back tonight
so my last day but my mom couldn't go
extra day without seeing me I see what
do you need here mom you are a liar she
came because she said she was trying to
cook something at the other house and
she forgot her spices here at the house
that's what you said
okay fine but for the vlog we can say
that you came to see me before news now
okay fine I'll cut it out fine guys
there was no such thing as her missing
ingredients guys I miss my mom it feels
so weird waking up to no mom or dad it
feels so weird to waking up without
Brian downstairs and without you and dad
across the hall it feels so weird
and no Bosley how many times have I
asked you to let me take Bosley and
bring him here I want Bosley to live
with me forget me and Jackie I want me
and boggling to live here no Jack I know
you would have northern close the door
well Bob Lee can be in the in the room I
just don't think yeah I don't think he
wouldn't make that and mom honestly I
really think hammy ran away because I
try I put him in the ball yesterday
because I felt bad for him so I left him
in there for five minutes
No Oh Amy you bitch mom I really thought
I lost him I was like damn I can take
care of a hamster but he's right here oh
my mom my mom has I guess you'd make it
in here you stupid oh no my mom's gonna
judge my mom Jackie did this guy's my
mom just comes to judge me and then
leave no I swear doesn't she look good
oh my god okay okay she's gonna suck
enough lighting the Beautyblender and
not stabbing it and Louie along
am I supposed to know what all this to
you I don't know guys my mom's in love
with Jackie more than I am it's crazy
God you know what I don't think is fair
mom this is what I don't think is fair
so they took all the snacks and sweets
and everything with it you guys remember
this used to be filled with you know
snacks and sweets and everything and
then we move on over to the infamous
snack table and look they took all the
sex the only thing they left freaking
hamster treats what is this I saw at
least this would be a Nature Valley bar
but nope it's a hamster treat obviously
be a Nature Valley bar because we know
we leave anything you're going to get
the hang of it and stay here yeah
exactly I knew it you guys purposely
emptied this house so that you could
force me to go back there earlier guys
they literally took all the food yeah
they took everything and I already know
it's their secret plan for them to get
me into the new house sooner no I told
you there's my last day here yeah it
feels weird I miss you guys it feels
weird without Brian what did I get you
in the morning yeah I know my mom my mom
averages like nine calls a day just to
talk to me when I stay here alone that's
a mom yeah I know she texted me she's
like Brandon I'm making breakfast for
you and Jackie and I said mom I'm sorry
I really want to come but I'm on my way
to go play some basketball it's not an
excuse I was really playing basketball
you have a headache it's called a head
dick I have a head dick can't even sleep
at the top so I'm refilling his food
right now you're welcome yeah me food
looks a little old Brian I'm taking over
your duties I feel like there's my new
pet Bobby never liked me anyways
honestly no for being chief I'm miss
Bosley so much what should I see him do
you want to know told my mom guys we're
gonna see how would like living on oh
you can't keep visiting the new health
guys even though this is supposed to be
kind of like an experiment of seeing how
it is living on my own I have visited
the new house every single day of this
little experiment I can't live without
my parents I can't live without Brian I
can't live without Bosley so I always
end up missing them and then I go to the
new house for a couple hours but then I
come back and sleep here I feel bad for
hammy I love him even my never touch
Minh I'm scared of it
I still love him softly so nice food
okay guys so this is mine and Jackie's
last night living alone I guess you
could say living under this roof so for
those of you who are confused about you
know what's going on why is my whole
family in the new house and why are me
and Jackie over here let me explain it
really quick so when I go out back from
my trip about a week ago like five days
ago my whole family had moved all their
furniture into the new house but there
was one room that the furniture was not
moved and that was this one my room my
bed is still here cabinets TV everything
and so the day that I got back from
vacation we were supposed to move all my
stuff into the new house so I could
start living there with them and move in
with them and everything but when I got
back from vacation that was the same
time that Jackie's parents went to the
Bahamas so you know yeah shout out their
appearance I said you know what mom dad
I'm going to move in with you guys of
course I'm going to move all myself and
I will be there but for one week me and
Jack you want to try to see how it is
living on our own we want to pretty much
move out and live in this house alone
for one week and my parents at first
they wanted me to move in with them
right away because they love me I'm
their son obviously and I love them both
are my parents but I just want to try
this out for one week just a little
experiment and they let
and so we pretty much just lived alone
lift together under this roof for like
the past week and it was really fun
honestly I had a good time I haven't
showed Brandon my true side yet so like
my clothes are here and my makeup isn't
years he hasn't experienced the true
status there was a lot more on like we
were able to be like a lot louder now
that we live alone and I really like you
need a sandwich I having romantic and
like a lot of places in this house were
like like we had a lot more options um
like a lot more like kitchen and couches
and stuff but now honestly we had a
really really good time okay look in
case you missed everything because I got
so many comments and so many tweets and
there's so many people telling me oh you
and Jackie should just move in here
permanently you got to just you know buy
this house from my parents take over the
payments and manage actually just live
here so many people are saying that but
you guys missed the point the whole
reason that we moved was because we
can't live here anymore it just got way
too dangerous with okay without going to
get to the whole situation because it's
long story short me and my family we did
not want to move out of this house we
did not want to go buy a new house that
was not what we wanted to do but we were
forced out because the situation over
here at the house got way too dangerous
you know address got leaked about a year
ago and just a bunch of things started
happening to where my mom didn't feel
safe in their own home my dad didn't
feel safe we just all didn't feel safe
we didn't feel like we had any privacy
so we were forced to move out of this
house we had to leave this house because
it was just too dangerous to live here
and so everybody who keeps telling me
and Jackie you know just move in here
and live here alone we can't do that
because that defeats the whole purpose
of why we have to move and it's all just
a little experiment and by the way for
those wondering yes throughout this
whole experiment there were fans coming
by but there were fans today a couple of
them there was some in the morning or
someone afternoon there were some
yesterday so yes it still happened and
it is some ongoing issue so we can't
live here sadly but tonight is our last
night here
your house I know trust me guys I've
lived here for 17 freaking years I've
wanted to stay here my whole life but
sadly some things are out of our control
it just became too much of a dangerous
situation I love this house so much it's
harder for me to let go than it was for
the rest of my family the rest of my
family right when we got that new house
they were like oh yeah you have let's go
but for me I was like oh the bed these
walls the fan everything the floor I
love this house so much I grew up here
me and Jackie started our relationship
here I started my youtube channel in
this house so many memories over here so
many walls were broken and everything
because of the Sun so sadly this is our
last night here and this experiment went
pretty well but what I did learn from
this one week of living alone or living
with my girlfriend is that I'm a mama's
boy
I can't go without my mom or dad or
Brian or Bosley so many times I've had
my mom send me a video of him just to
see what I'm doing so many times me and
Brian have talked on the phone like we
actually miss each other so many times
my mom called me my dad called me and
look you guys saw today my mom came to
see me so it's weird it's it's going to
be hard leaving this house but I am
going to be able to live with my family
so that's good other than that thank you
so much for watching this video you guys
me and Jackie are going to enjoy our
final night in this house it feels weird
having this much freedom like look at
this Oh like like it's midnight if I did
that with my mom and dad were here my
mom woulda came and ripped my ear off my
hand my dad would have came with a
freaking sandwich other than that I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much for watching drop a like if you did
enjoy subscribe if you're new wat suan I
love you guys all peace out for myself
and peace out
alright guys I mean and trust me guys
this was up to me this would not be my
last time here I would stay here and
stay here for at least a couple more
days or maybe even another week but my
mom and dad they they want to kill me
every single day they tell me okay ran
it time to move all your tub and I'm
just like wait please one more day here
one more day over here and they
tightened up with it they want me to go
move in with them they miss me too
only at the house they walk me next to
me they're trying to literally tell me
okay just move in come on yeah yeah
we're trying to get Jackie to come to
the new house too but obviously she has
a family of her own so she went
something like you have kids
no I have to get Jackie has a family to
be with but yeah
if I figure any other day past tonight
my mom and dad would literally kill me
they want me back at that house they
said it doesn't feel right the whole
moving process going on and I'm not
there with them so I ruled them this
will be my last night and then come on
sadly mom dad I know you want Jackie to
come move into the new house with us
tenders she can't do that just yet so we
gotta wait for that Bosley I miss you
guys it's literally the middle of the
night right now but I always wake up
missing pawsley
that's my guy Bosley I miss you I wish
you were here if this was the old days
when we all used to live here
Bosley right now would probably be
laying on this couch and I would come
out to annoy him and I'd wake him up in
the middle asleep and I would say Bosley
give me a kiss give me a kiss
and yes I pretty much explain why they
don't want him here with me
