okay I gots accomplice no trust me
you'll be fine week schools are so we
look like a couple what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka bro artist and
today I'm here with my beautiful
girlfriend saying sometimes bill times
5-piece joking my fear was my beautiful
girlfriend I plan on marrying so he has
my beautiful girlfriend please main
chick no side uh uh the side pieces
aren't here this is just my make I'm
just joking okay yeah okay let's go
gonna get ready egg everyone's and I'm
here with my beautiful girlfriend and
today we are bringing you guys any half
nasty halfway this hour I said cash
Nancy half nasty half good baby food
challenge and we know this was probably
a trend like 50 million years ago or
we're never up to date with any of this
stuff so we're doing it right now but
we're just trying to putting our own
twist to it what we're going to do so
here are all the good one let me give
you some example apples and blueberries
tea peach banana banana peach resonate
this one does some good okay so these
are the good ones and then there's some
of the bad ones like sweet potato
chicken dinner
okay chicken and brown rice prunes
like okay growth and good and what we're
going to do we are going to shuffle
these together so we're going to met how
to mix all up and one of us is going to
be blindfolded the person was
blindfolded is going to pick one
randomly they're not going to be able to
see so they might pick a good one
or they might pick a bad one who knows
let's say Jackie's blindfolded and she
picks one I have to feed it to her
without looking she has to try to guess
which one it is and if she gets is it
right she gets a point if she gets it
wrong then she doesn't get a point in
the person who loses meaning the person
who doesn't get the most right at the
end of the
has to tape each and every single one of
the bad ones
and put all the flavors on one spoon so
like a little smoothie or like a little
mixture and have to eat it all in once
in one by one spoon so without further
ado how do you want to decide with those
first you know I said how you want to
decide now because we have to do care
either okay one Rock they will do best
out of three okay that my nose is so big
from the side just look at it
okay go one oh you do want Paper
Scissors shoot or just no paper scissors
yeah
Oh Rock Paper Scissors shoot yeah okay
sorry guys I'm old school what only you
only one guys oh yeah I mean is here
live I just do rock paper and then show
what the hell you had but if you want to
hear what we do here with wait tell me
where to go
what did up all the gym ball look at you
say okay yeah I'm gonna point yes we are
the most complicated couple although you
are complicate how's your radio I'm so
Sifl and I have to shovel any okay do
you want head rather hey okay anyway man
is tails so Jax goes where's that Sophie
it's not rude if it was doing it without
further ado here we're going to take all
the caps off to make it easier to guys
it over it honestly looks like throw up
look it's not that all the babies out
there I feel bad for you I'm not feeding
my kids issue can we check it expires a
smelly buying no there's no larger than
a freaking vegetable turkey dinner oh my
god there's a mixer it's apples peaches
and pears this sums it don't worry it's
my future baby if you're watching this
somehow
I don't know how you would be but if you
are you're not gonna have to eat it I
think that happy no I'm going to feed
them like chicken and rice and steaks
not the mixture I'm going to see
oh and you're not breastfeeding because
you know for me not your future baby
okay let's not forget the coin flip so
oh wait let's shuffle here will shuffle
it no no okay I put the blindfold on or
something
gotcha are we waiting is our how many
fingers my homegirl
great those two clothespin see okay hey
whenever you're ready I want you to just
don't don't dip your hands in it just
touched by touch one and I'll see it you
okay wait I'm scared don't do Twitter i
they got a camera what it is okay and
you will feed her the first spoon and
you're gonna have to guess what it is
okay open the choo-choo train
lemonade joke oh my god watch the
strikes cue 200 women that was a good
one hell okay okay okay okay good yeah
Hey look at the black play-doh
what is that
you have to get it oh I don't know I
guess it from there don't look don't
look
just get don't that's another thing that
it was no I'm just joking so you know
it's a bad one liyan right um checking
lady nope this one was chicken and brown
rice okay so this one gets eliminated
and jackie has zero points so now it's
my turn
and tell anyone that go or you could
reshuffle them if you want yeah I'm
ready shuffle I can't breathe oh I was
about to dip my fucking feet Nana Nana
Nana Nana minute oh wait up okay what I
wrote is true okay
okay show to the camera 14 Sifl y'all
know I'm dying right now
how biggest beautiful no I didn't give
you that much I literally gave you a
quarter of a spoon give me a lot our
dinner hey I just know after seeing
Jackson's reaction I'm so scared if I
get a bad one
now open wide well let me get the test
yet whoa shit again
I guess all this shit get some fucking
peace oh yeah that's me is it yeah you I
taste good be there
have you guys seen the Exorcist you know
when she throws up all over the walls
this is less when I just say I just ate
the Exorcist throw up here that was so
easy to take so I knew what T's right
right yes let me feel so mad if I get oh
my god vegetable Turkey did it okay Cho
I guess the right so that's wait I'm
going to favor totally with spoons off
so that's one two zero golly I love this
in my office
Hey oh god she's talking about this look
it's cuz I'm all dressed up from the top
like earrings and chain and watch and
share it and then look at the bottom
is that your daily that's my daily that
was nasty
well okay guys well we have two bad ones
out of the way I'm not feeling this no
baby don't worry
after this experience I'm only going to
be feeding you like McDonald's and even
that crap is better than this but who
knows never turns in well let's try the
operators we're not getting burgers so
you guys know I had a chance to be a
Gerber baby back in my country ask my
mom we believe you he will leave in a
minute for Gerber baby of so cute we
could have had one you to blow in one
form of Gerber baby okay let me shuffle
oh don't look so far the score is one to
zero I'm winning we asked three more bad
ones and five more good ones are like
and all those nasty babies okay whenever
you're ready to pick baby no you could
pick a little lower than others they're
almost gonna do okay I want this one oh
now it's about everyone doing laughing
let me show the camera you guys have to
go touch me behind me can I love to
throw up for real if I get all of that
one for you get all the vitamins I
switch here okay okay so you've got a
good one you know that now you have to
get it because that's the whole point of
this game so sure apples you know I
can't get you're going mimics cheating
no I like one taste test
I just want my eye like okay hmm okay
Apple Apple Rafi wrong it is banana
peach raspberry so she got a good one
that's cool but that's not before the
game fifty plus zero point it is still
one to zero no but there is none of that
did you even look at the flavors before
we started shuffling the square still
one to zero and without the seven cans
or whatever the hell these are
disgusting I rocked it you've got a good
one what are you complaining about
because the person was so perfect enjoy
make it work hey that's my dude I know
okay look why would we not smart enough
to do this I'm just gonna feel the bone
that people catch is it know you read
the gate I agree it called big smart
today we done that you could have done
it to stop cheating I never said you
could have picked the one that biggest
inconsistent you already know what it is
blue she - yeah she left cheap apricot
wait um uh with mixed fruit maybe ah
apricot mixed with no I don't want to I
just don't like the texture of baby food
minimun in them look guys she might they
cheating because I picked the one that
fell differently but hey she could have
done the same exact thing because she
chose how to do it they called being
smarter action yeah look at them so you
know the name based on of course -
interviewer you're gonna have to start
making a run this is like fourth quarter
about four minutes left and she's down
double digits you can have to make a run
to the zero score but what is Wayne just
like I'm winning in life because there's
my girlfriend ah I thought you'd come on
morning I'm about to go to the jacket
that's all morning for to go play
basketball I'm leaving so just to play
that's all in one hour I always get
wanted to play basketball it is three
bad and three good so you got a 50/50
chance girl just choose it shake your
hair down okay can you see oh my god
this is so scary
here oh I'm scared
if you smack my ass one more time I'm
taking the waypoint from you you guys
let me smack you back okay open a banana
is that your final answer
yes and that is your final wrong it's
apples and blueberries so that's to
charge Jackie at the oddest good work
and she has love again so you saw that
zero point I have to if I get this next
one then you're mathematically
eliminated okay
swing on up okay shuffle them up just
like I feel like achieved how much
anyway she's coming my whole face okay
okay watch this guy
what yeah hey wait okay okay okay
whatever it is I brought it out from the
middle for every good please on the bad
water please not a bad one it tastes
very bad it's a bad one I'm not ready
when weirdest Ashley hey no don't put a
huge that's what you're doing it's okay
we give it to your playdate so there's
obviously of that one I could tell
because she doesn't know how to keep a
secret and tell me when to go
the Texas I hired you Blaire get all
others well it's about bitch mom will
you watch it
you didn't wait don't big
hold it I will now is that up yeah a
vegetable turkey dinner nah what's on a
potato sweet potato my ass I facing like
fat chicken
no but the other chicken yeah that's
what this is going to show you guys look
you can't see this but look how thinking
oh my gosh hi everybody
it probably is look at this guys a
little update hold it I couldn't even
get the house gosh
he makes me sleep mom I actually ate
that one for you
okay so there's four more left it's 2-0
still you have to get this one else you
might fancy out you guys may be food it
used to be good and now it's so bad like
what happened
Sanji which is girlfriendless mean okay
so there's two bad and too good if you
do end up getting the foods can you
please go to pan down say about the
methylamine
wait I don't know what's wrong it just
makes you go to I lack from that one you
went in the back up so long Africa
racist yeah that's okay whenever you're
ready
pick one
good ok what is good it's a girl's blood
yeah one last chance is this your final
choice in now listen if you get this one
wrong you're mathematically out there
done so you need to get this one right
no pressure
can we hug - this is veneer f-ck because
I mean three was class sizes plus yes
she hit it through the far side but she
got it right it is banana this is so
sweet honey okay she only got one
babbling the rest good but hey she's
played it fair so she's making this a
game two to one
I'm Winnie okay so we got two bad ones
left vegetable turkey dinner do it try
to loosen oil and first prunes and then
there's peach oatmeal banana
I better hope I get peach of y'all shit
another sweet potato and chicken trust
me guys now it tasted like ass take my
word for it I know what ass taste like
and that takes it like ass because I eat
you out of cell phone okay go go go go
go I'm just joking guys hey ah yeah I'm
using a lifeline can I follow my
girlfriend dude dude hey babe oh hello
said they late I'll play the game so
called master food challenge
can you please help me on something vids
are good or bad it is not cash cow you
can't do it okay fine well then I'll
just shoot this shit no I think I might
have only laughing because I think it's
funny how you choose no I all I got -
are you sure you want to pick this one
okay sure
yes okay it's a bad one again I I'm not
even morning anymore not for basketball
or nothing - no I'm morning for some
good breakfast and not baby food I'm 21
years old what do I eat baby food before
I'm almost 22 yeah
Jordan my boy he just turned 22 today
Jordan happy birthday I love you bro I
retained my tag Jordan happy birthday
bro
an Athena mother Jim no he's not here
he's up in school such a hard-working
man
Jordan I Love You Man we've been friends
since elementary school
never fall out never fight just straight
friends I love you both
okay they're ready okay friend this is
for you Jordan
save me for joining this is vegetable
Turkey shit yes vegetable church why you
keep puffing
why didn't be such a big spoon I see it
jump all the way in okay so with me
getting down on my that puts me at three
it puts Jessie at one and mathematically
speaking she only has one more guest so
there is no way that she could catch out
which means this case and get with the
winner being right here what on Miami
Leonard wait I want it a lot is aka okay
a baby food eater at 21 years old it
feels so weird to be a winner because
I'm a son fan so I'm used to watching a
bunch of losing lawsuit after lawsuit
after lawsuit so feel so quick be a
winner but like we said what the loser
has to do target up a little mixture so
we are going to make you a little
mixture we're going to be getting all
the bad ones and putting a little bit
okay guys so we got it is dry but your
knees weight potatoes chicken add will
put a little bit of that then we got
peas did I get take some this here just
imagine nothing I'll place with up
geometry yeah since it's green that's
not it's like green tea ice cream
okay vegetable turkey dinner chicken and
brown rice whoo this is like a stew
double shitty brew insanity go potty
whoo okay guys honestly this punishment
isn't that bad because you know what we
were discussing the function would be we
were saying the punishment for the loser
they would have to eat a whole can of
baby food but we change it it'll look at
this to one little scene
the choo-choo train is coming in ready
love that
oh wait what what what what what the
part of the game okay fun and my good
boyfriend guys know I'm gonna hit you
who are terrible boyfriend okay okay
I'm going back eat three battles you
only have to get one bad one and you
picked all the good ones so this is
making up for that god yeah I had I had
the ad tasty one vegetable turkey dinner
including husband yeah I had it's molded
into shaver head but yeah I had all the
bad ones you only have to eat one bad
enough sure this makes up quick
yeah I want to go wait I only got one
good one and that's good it's the one I
purposely chose so I didn't choose that
I would have had all that one think
about it I purposely chose this so I
would set out to get all the bad one
let me just think about it it's like
think about it this kid was like I
really could be what it's one of the
very history I was talking at all bad
ones if I don't feel like this was a boy
on the basketball games it would be like
hey think about it
I want to see the goal now I'm still go
on to the goal of Internet and another
job Music City after the riddle once I
saw them then I said spit that out
please spit it out okay okay okay okay
okay okay hold on you got a comfort as a
boyfriend you got to rub the back and
hold the hair back every time you got to
hold the hair black what is that you saw
what it was honey no added preservatives
just what what was shown I might be
going to jail for this cool seemed
really good that's the number of rule
guys every time your girl's sick you
gotta hold their back not only when
she's sick but for other things but
please tell me you have something that
tastes different I'm not gonna I have
something that tastes very different but
it's kind of salty I hope you enjoyed
this video very very much we had a lot
of fun doing it I don't know tortured me
i tortured you yeah all the bad wood I
was got well good it takes no no no no
that's the one I've tasted okay guys so
Jackie the loser
Brandon the winner I really hope you
guys did enjoy if you like this video
and if you want to see more couple
challenges just leave a like on this
video and we'll take that as hey Brandon
we want to see more couple challenges I
feel like the video came out really
really funny drop a like if you enjoy
subscribe if you're new and the
washcloth I love you guys so much I am
in sunlight water and 35 minutes I hope
the gospel so I'm happy
peace out guys I'm let's roll up for you
yeah that shouldn't have to go all the
best
