what I'm going on you guys Brandon here
aka bro onyx and today sadly I am
bringing you guys our last basketball
game of the season yes God sadly this is
our 10th and final basketball game of
the season and unfortunately as much as
it killed me to stand in front of the
camera and tell you guys that we did not
make the playoffs that's the truth we
didn't make the playoffs you have to
finish with six wins and we only have
four wins and these are last game so
even if we win tonight we have five
limbs and you need six to make playoffs
so as much as it killed me as much as it
hurts for me you guys know me I love
winning I love playing in the playoffs
and I just love basketball so much of
the hurts to stand here and tell you
guys that we didn't make the playoffs
except that's the truth sadly and uh it
killed me it killed me you killed me I
just feel like I let all you guys down
so first and foremost I want to
apologize we should have made the
playoffs we should have played better I
do apologize to you guys I feel like I'd
like to go down but anyway this is our
last basketball game of the season and
even though we're not going to be
playing in the playoffs I'm really
really proud of my team honestly I
really am for my brother to all my
teammates so even though we're not
making the playoffs even though there's
our last game we want to win this game
really really bad I just got off the
phone with all my teammates because this
team that were playing today they're
dirty they are a dirty team in case you
guys forgot if you didn't get to watch
my video from a couple weeks ago this
team and got a little bit heated towards
the end and there was some you know
pushing and shoving and it got pretty
intense
it got so heated to the point where the
rest called the game off the game wasn't
even over there was still time to play
and the rest that you don't want no
we're done no more playing and they call
the game off that time tensed up and
honestly the team that were playing man
I know a few people on that team they're
my friend you know you'll see me when
the game starts I'll go up to them I'll
shake their hand I love them accessory
one dude he's my boy I've known for so
long but they got some other players on
their team even their own teammates
admit that they're dirty there's two
people and honestly I'm not going to
single them out if you guys will see who
they are but they play so dirty and we
don't like that my teammates we don't
back down if someone plays dirty we're
going to step right back up me and my
teammates we don't respect that we don't
respect dirty player trash talking is
okay I don't care I like trash talk
no me I love trash talk I feel like
that's a part of the game so someone
comes up to me you know tell yourself
tell me I can't shoot tell me I'm a
piece of shit I don't care but the
second you start playing dirty here's
the difference trash talking and then
playing dirty all the way up here that's
two different things I've had way way
too many friends get seriously injured
because of a dirty player I've had a lot
of friends who I know who love
basketball and now they got hurt so bad
they can never play again because there
have been some dirty players who took
them out that's just you're low you're
you're low if you play here and this
team they got a couple of dirty players
so this game especially has to run
happened a couple weeks ago it's going
to be really heated I'm not gonna lie
it's going to be physical it's going to
be intense and we want to win we don't
want to lose to this team and we beat
them last time be something easily
actually beat them by like 15 or 16 so I
think that's why they got mad and that
kind of started everything but we're
ready you know what there was this dude
so you guys saw in the little clip that
that one doing number four he came up
and pushed me and that started the
scuffle but then there was another dude
off-camera I don't even remember which
number he was because I did not pay
attention to him at all but he was
trying to talk shit to me off camera
like just talking shit and honestly I
just told him I said bro I didn't even
notice you were on the damn team because
you didn't do anything the whole game so
he was starting to talk again this team
let's just say it here I keep talking
too much let's just say Derrick dirty
they play in a way where they try to
hurt you and we don't respect that my
teammates if you try to play dirty with
us we're going to step right back up and
get in your face so we're ready for this
game we don't want to lose I've talked
to all my teammates on the phone to my
boy that is playing on the team thank
you for admitting that your teammates
are dirty because at least you know it
and you're honest and I love you that's
my boy that's my god notice we're so
long anyway guys like I said before you
guys kill me in the comment section
saying oh you can't handle a little
trash talk blah blah blah no let me
repeat myself I love trash talk I
honestly love when people talk trash to
me I feel like it just makes the game
way more fun I feel like if someone
trash-talking me that motivates me to do
better I love trash talk but playing
dirty is so different like playing dirty
bill you could physically hurt someone
and I don't respect that it's just it's
such a low-life thing to do to try to
bury somebody on the court my team we go
out there we shoot the ball we drive it
and we play basketball that's all we
play we don't go out there and say oh
who can we hurt today who can we you
know shoves today we don't do
we're not a dirty team but if this team
wants to play dirty just know my
teammates we don't back down basketball
players should step on the total of the
mind tell oh I want to play basketball I
want to win this game you don't step on
the court thinking oh who can I hurt
that's not true you're a little bitch if
you think like that and I'm not just
saying that to a camera I'm not saying
that behind the computer screen because
everything I'm saying right now I said
it to those dudes faces I've had way too
many friends you know get seriously hurt
and be out for a really really long time
because of dirty players nobody should
be out on the basketball court if you're
playing dirty
you should be out on the belt over to
play basketball so we are 100% ready for
this game I can't blame my teammates
can't wait and we've been ready for this
game ever since that whole thing
happened a couple weeks ago and their
teammates both their team lost and they
were talking shit especially that dude
was off-camera the doing number four
will show me he's bad enough but then
they had this dude who iced with you I
didn't even know he was on the team
because he didn't do anything all game
you have AI zero point and he started
talking mad shit like we're gonna see
you guys who catch you the last game of
the season like trying to act up and I'm
just like whoa who are you like I didn't
even notice you on the court just know
my team we're not going to start playing
dirty we're not going to start anything
we're going to go out there and play
basketball just like we always do we're
just going to go you'll see I want you
guys to see the other teams they go out
there on the court with the mindset oh
who can we hurt this time anyways we're
going to go out there and play ball we
want this win we want to finish the
season off with a win even though we
can't make the playoffs it just you know
me I hate losing my teammates hate
losing so we want to finish it off with
a win it's game time and I'm gonna see
you guys there you ready of course I
could tell you already have your shirt
on and everyday care we beating this
team Coretech so hard today even though
there's no prize like oh if you win you
get to playoffs we still want to win so
we don't like to lose especially against
a dirty team we don't like to lose
against a team like that he looks so
handsome why yeah you look handsome
today okay guys I repeat me Brian you
know my teammates we are not going to
play dirty we are not going to start
playing dirty however if that she wants
to come out and play dirty we're grown
man my whole teammates we don't mess
around like that I bet they will yeah I
bet they will
exactly buy and they will 100% because
of last game member what happened off
camera guys there was a huge thing that
happened off camera we're like I said
the do - I didn't even know what's
playing
he just started getting in my face and I
just said bro get the fuck out of my
face I don't know who you are
follow ball so
I bet you anything they're going to
start the dirty play but just know that
me and my teammates we're not going to
start it we don't go out there with the
intention of all let's fight let's let's
play dirty we don't we're not about that
we just go out and play basketball
however I will say this if that other
team starts playing dirty
then my teammates don't mess around so
we will fight right back so this game
will probably be physical but honestly I
love physical games I love playing in
games that are physical intense and I
love playing against people who talk a
lot of shit I feel like if a game isn't
physical it's really boring and I've had
this game circled on my calendar ever
since that whole scuffle happened a
couple weeks ago so I'm ready man and
not only do I want to win for myself and
for my team but I want to win this game
for you guys so I'm going to try my ass
off I'm gonna try my butt off and I'm
gonna try my best to win this game for
you guys the reward squads for everybody
watching this video because I feel like
since we missed the playoffs the least
we could do we owe you guys a win
tonight and try and process
Hey
Brennen couldn't play basketball today
so all his energy is literally going to
be here you guys maybe I'd be good at
commentating Oh
do you hear that
so literally like 60
monatti that how do they know about me
that's not right I want to speak to the
teacher
I didn't even know what I loved a
naughtiness well I was like literally
it's like maybe last year I don't
remember how old
by the way you guys Brendan's birthday's
coming up so you guys all know through
the 23rd mark your calendars Filosa
Misaka unknown
I don't know why that's so funny oh no
come on Rob
hey guys I can slowly but surely tell
brain is getting angry it's nine to
thirteen was 11 minutes left
thousand nice
hey guys about 13 to 17 like seven
minutes left
there we go
you
I'm recording puto select to say for
someone who played one minute and I just
came out
yeah or soy - gotcha
Wow we're going to end up in a fight you
know when you just know your man's
website like you have an intuition
I sold a theory because he's going
extracurricular activities at night so
you can't do that move with his lady
Noble
okay guys what happened right here is
just ridiculous it just made me realize
what a poor sport that dude is so as you
see he kind of sprained his ankle and he
got hurt mind you this is the dude that
talks a bunch of shit but I actually
went up to him because I saw that he was
in pain and I asked him if he's okay and
he ignored me and then I stuck my hand
out like to shake his hand like y'all
are you good and he turned down my
handshake bow this is the dude that was
talking to most shit this is a dude that
I almost gotta fight with this is the
dude that bumped me last game and when
he got hurt I still felt bad enough to
the point where I went up to him to see
if he was okay and I stuck my hand out
and he completely ignored me and he
turned down my handshake like I'm an
opponent you guys saw when my teammate
Alban got injured he didn't go up to him
he didn't ask him feels okay but me I'm
a different person I felt bad I went up
to it I tried to see she was okay and he
completely ignored me if that's not the
biggest case of being a poor sport then
I don't know what is but that's just
ridiculous the fact that he's that old
and that immature is crazy
No
Hey
hey guys okay so we're starting the
second 24 to 23 so we're up
Wow
while the action looks really hot
cheer about to see right now and for the
rest of the game I'm actually in shock
like I did not know people this immature
existed I was just walking down the
court you know I'm just playing
basketball I'm not even talking I'm just
playing basketball and I hear someone
from the bench say you fucking suck you
suck all this by just talking shit and
so I look over to the bench and it's the
dude who I tried to help up when he got
injured and he's laughing and talking
shits and you fucking suck stop playing
basketball you know all the shit and I
looked at him like bro you're on the
fucking bench bro why are you talking
it's just so immature because this is
the same guy that I tried to help up
this is the same guy who got hurt and I
stuck my hand out to help him up and he
turned me down and he walks over to the
bench and he starts talking shit it's
just it's crazy because my mouth was
shut all game I was just playing
basketball I was doing my thing and it's
also funny that he was saying I suck
when I was a leading scorer on both
teams I had already scored like 15
points at this point and this actually
is going to be an ongoing issue for the
rest of the game you're going to see me
and him going back and forth back and
forth the whole entire game because he
would not shut up I was just surprised
because I swear to you I didn't say a
word all games
this dude is like 30 years old and he's
screaming off the bench after I tried to
help him up when he got injured that's
just I don't know it's ridiculous but
you guys know me I don't back down so I
was talking back to him the whole entire
game and the funniest thing was every
single time I got close to him he didn't
say a single word he would only shout it
when I was all the way across the court
29:30 having significantly
possibly for the Rockies day about my
boyfriend I pour my coffee on his breast
I need to confirm what he said before I
act out
a second quarter
Wow
go back
hey guys without one play
when there are many people watch this
videos where they can see themselves in
it
hey guys 34:39 eight minutes left
I know Brighton getting pissed I see
that guys literally talking shit to him
and he's not even guarding and some
confused but I see his mouth moving a
lot
they are so Carolyn Gilbert and the guy
in the red shorts are ejected confused
as to why but I know why the red were
not adjusted I don't know like heels or
got a sec
thirty four to forty one with six
minutes left
well just listen you could hear his
voice he wasn't even cheering on his
team he was just shit talking us the
whole game I repeat he was not cheering
on his team he wasn't even concerned
about his team winning he was more
concerned with what I was doing his eyes
were glued on me the whole game just
talking shit talking shit broke off the
bench he wasn't even in the game he was
off the bench the same dude that I tried
to help up
ha
hang-up
I hate his
37 to 46 three minutes left
so the red didn't call this a double
dribble date are you kidding me I'm in
shock I'm disgusted by this call the man
lost the ball on his own and then kept
on dribbling it that is a double dribble
and the rest in I'll call it even his
own teammates thought it was a double
dribble even his own team started
walking the other way but the rest said
nope stay here white ball
he's clearly talking shit from the
sidelines
yeah
guys its 39th 48 minute 35 seconds left
what
Oh
hey guys
44 to 48 let's see three seconds left
let's go
fucking all that shit
we all need to use the three first time
come on
we need about three
go sleep leo 3 at 303 minute 11 seconds
forty eight to forty eight let's fucking
go I thought it was over a long time ago
you see him pointed to the floor horn
quiet now hey guys okay guys so we're
going to overtime thanks to my brother's
clutch shot but the funniest thing was
that everyone who was talking shit off
the bench when there was like one or two
minutes left
they kept pointing at the scoreboard and
telling me hey look at the score we won
we got the score the game's over we won
and now we're sending into overtime so I
was dying laughing I was so hyped when
Brian hit that shot I went straight to
their bench and got in their faces they
were so quiet that shut them up so fast
they were so quiet when I went over to
their bench it was fun looks like the
crowd finally woke up wrong you thought
your job was over
oh yeah I was talking all games and cost
loss number 22
Wow
Hey
my gosh they really getting in me and
one on that they said it was a foul on
the floor they said I wasn't going over
the shot I got robbed of an ant WA just
watched it they really said this was not
an n1 so they gave me two free throws
that is Wow how was it found in handling
that's ridiculous
hey you guys 49 to 50 alright this is 50
with 38 seconds left
god
come on guys
all right I'm inside you again
you kind of play soccer here how how
quick how we needed one three
Charcot good I thought that I was going
noon it's not your fault I were talking
to all games they were sitting on the
bench etapa - What did he say to you
from the sidelines it was talking
English but he wouldn't get on the
course how many points
okay what distress is my god hell of a
game to my guy and he'll smoke okay I'm
game overtime game we want to double
overtime myself else oh here's a nice
look you almost went in almost had a
heart attack
close roll now all of them who hit the
game-winner you hit the game-winner good
game bro all you guys just say well
congrats we'll see you guys next season
hi brother you know you know what I find
really funny I find this hilarious
actually the two shit talkers that were
talking shit and the dirty player the
two of them where were they after the
game they were nowhere to be found the
second the game ended they were gone
they didn't say a word to my face they
didn't come up to me they were just
going it's like they disappeared they
vanished like a magic trick but the rest
of the team they were all there and I
congratulated them and I hi father but
the two people that were talking shit
all game the second the game ended I'm
not gonna say they were scared I don't
know if they were scared or not but they
were gone like within a second they were
out of that place so I don't know that's
just you know you're gonna be talking
shit all game and then the second you
don't have the rest to protect you
you're gonna leave that's not really a
good look could make you look like a
pussy but I don't know who knows the
right to their team were there so you
can't say their whole team left because
their whole entire team was there except
for those two I just find that really
really funny honestly even Brian or
saying we find that really funny that
you're going to be talking a bunch of
shit when there's two refs on the core
and a bunch of people but the second the
game's over and there are no rest and no
one to protect you then you're gone I
don't know me and Brian were talking on
that last night it's funny oh my gosh
that shot felt so good it was so close
Oh Brandon I hate you I hate myself so
much I'm not going to be able to sleep
knowing that I missed that shot
we were down by three at the buzzer I
got a good luck it felt good and I I
missed the shot oh my gosh I hate oh
damn wow I am so upset with myself
I'm incredibly upset with myself I hate
Brandon you suck Brandon you suck at
basketball hold on guys sorry
cameras vlog right now hey hammy you
know that I fucking suck at basketball
did you know that hammy
did you know Brandon a wadis aka but
water sucks basketball oh I'm so angry
with myself I'm so upset with myself
right now
we should huh okay guys Brandon here aka
a lot of time here to close this video
out hey what can I say we lost they
played the better game they hit a really
really clutch shot at the end but about
those two people that were talking shit
all game I just find it hilarious that
he decided to talk all that shit after
when he got her I went up to him and I
simply said yo go are you okay
he ignored me so in my head I'm like
maybe he just didn't hear me cuz it's
loud in there so I stuck my hand out to
help him up and he turned me down like
he went like this and then he's going to
talk about the shit and this dude is
older than he should be more mature it
just honestly that whole sequence made
me realize some people in this world are
so like small-minded some people are so
immature and I'm gonna just keep doing
me I'm a good sport you know if I see
somebody get hurt I'm gonna try to help
them up no matter if they talk shit to
me or no matter if he shoved me a couple
weeks ago I don't care I don't like when
people get hurt so when he got hurt I
felt bad and he decided to be talking
shit the rest of the game so like I said
I respect you talking I like shit
talking but I'm talking about when
you're on the court
I don't respect someone who sits on the
bench all day and it's talking shit if
you're not on the court you shouldn't be
talking that's just my my chest and then
the other dude number 22 both he didn't
score the whole entire game and he
started the shit talking he started the
dirty plane when we started like I said
my team we weren't going to start the
dirty plane we were just going to play
basketball so minutes and minutes in
everybody was just play back while
everybody was cool and then he comes in
oh you fucking suck you suck you suck
I'm like bro can you make a basket
before you talk because it looks
embarrassing if you're talking shit
without even scoring the ball so anyway
they won they beat us I can't wait for
next season I think I had 24 points and
it was a crazy game shout out to Brian I
wish he did that half-court shot Brian
hit that half-court shot oh my goodness
that place would have erupted it would
have went crazy
so anyway shout out to my teammates
although we missed the playoffs I had a
really really fun time playing this
season we're keeping the band together
we're keeping the team
and we're coming back stronger we had
Kris missing for eight games we only
play ten and Kris was out for eight you
got no Kris he's a good player so to be
missing him for eight games that hurt us
a loss and I'm ready I hope we played up
the first game of the season because I
am ready I'm so ready to play them again
hey I was just doing me my mom raised me
to be a better person my mom raised me
now when I see someone down and hurt
even though they're talking shit to me
to go help them up but I guess the way
he was raised I don't know he wasn't
raised too well because he turned down
my offer at health and luckily if we're
being honest I was even going to help
him up to the bank I was going to walk
him all the way to the bench but then
when he turned down my handshake oh my
god I bone you go do you and I was just
surprised that he started talking shit
because I kid you not I was just playing
basketball I did not have one word to
say to him but then you got to know me
if he's going to start talking shit i'ma
talk shit right back so yes and I tried
to go up to him after the game so I
could ask him you know what's your
problem you know I wanted to go up to
him face to face and he was gone both of
them were gone but the whole rest of the
team were there so I just find that
weird because if the whole team left
then that makes sense you know they're
all done but the fact that those are the
only two that left I was looking for him
after the game I just wanted to say yo
what's up I got help I tried to help you
up you turned it down and then you were
talking all game what's up like you got
something against me or what and then
the funniest thing ever one of his boys
I won't rat them out but one of his
teammates told me the truth and it
finally hit me like this guy are you
kidding me bro afterward one of his
teammates only I'm just in shock like
I'm embarrassed I I don't know so they
told me that he's always wanted a BMW i8
and he saw that I drove a BMW i8 and
he's jealous and that's why he played
dirty and tries to hurt me what what bro
are you kidding me
I know you're watching this video and
you where the lay after the game so I'm
speaking to you right now are you
kidding me you are older than me you are
almost 30 years old I'm only 21 and
instead of you know like what you what I
got I'm sorry I'm really really confused
right now if you younger people don't
understand this confusion I apologize
but so he's out there trying to hurt me
and talking shit to me because I Drive
that the car that he isn't able to drive
are you kidding me
that's just cries never like yo and I
don't flex my car I don't pull up into
this parking lot bumping my music you
could have told me I always stay humble
so it's like what I just if I saw
someone driving my dream car and you
know they were younger than me I would
go to them and say yo good shit bro mad
props to you that's dope and I don't
know that's just weird I still don't
fully believe it but at the same time
why would his teammate lie to me I I
don't want to let myself believe that
because I don't want to believe they're
people that jealous on earth and like I
said I stay humble with it I never flex
my car I never pull up into a parking
lot
bluffing music with the windows down I
don't do that so I don't understand
where that came from but we'll see you
next season I know you're watching this
and it xx how you ran away after the
game anyway guys thank you and to the
other dude that was talking shit bro at
least the other guy number 4 who talk
shit the one that got hurt he's actually
good you bro why why do you talking sure
you didn't even score one point and the
fact that you left after the game it
just I don't know I wanted to talk to
you guys face to face I guess we gotta
wait till next season because I want
that face-to-face talk and I know you
guys are watching this video so you know
I want that paper face so I'd appreciate
it if you didn't run away the second the
game ended oh and if anybody comments
you know Brandon why are you acting
tough behind the camera why don't you
say to their face no I don't want to
hear that because every single thing
that I'm saying in this outro and every
single thing that I'm saying in this
video I said directly to their face and
they were still out of there after the
game every single thing that I've said
in this outro I said it to their face
and they had nothing to say so I don't
want to hear people say oh you're only
saying this on camera or you're only
speaking to a camera but you won't say
to their face excited Sara face all gain
they just had nothing to say it was
funny anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video I apologize we
didn't make the playoffs next season I
promise we'll come back stronger but
watch lot I love you guys all and we
don't like dirty players
