what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters and today I'm really glad a
brand new crane video on my brother
Brian so nothing else Leslie no this
playing videos is going to be on my mom
was down here and I'm actually kind of
nervous because I have not prank my mom
in so long the reason our painter in a
really really long time is because she
has her own channel now so I can only
imagine the revenge pranks that she
would get on melee and so I'm like you
know what I'm not going to prank my mom
anymore but it's been months since I've
printed I feel like she's not expecting
it from me and I feel like an
opportunity presented itself so today
I've even told Brian I want to see what
he thinks
so as you guys know me and my girlfriend
Jackie went on a vacation and we stay on
this vacation for about two weeks and we
just got that thing god I'm going to
kill myself from boredom you miss me
that much yeah my man hugged me brother
oh oh okay and I say sex me brother
man okay so we went on a vacation for
about two weeks and we just got back a
couple days ago now in these past couple
days I have not seen Jackie jackie has
not came over jackie hasn't seen my mom
and that's because just like I went on
the two-week vacation and I miss my
family so I'm spending time with them
now Jackie also has a family so what she
went on this vacation and she came back
she's finally back to the family I told
her you know spend a lot of time with
your families because we didn't see them
for a long time now this is where I find
the perfect opportunity to prank my mom
so my mom came up to me yesterday and
this morning two times and she's like
hey Brandon you know I haven't seen
Jackie in a couple of days you know
where she had miss her for those who
don't know my mom and Jackie are like
this they're like best friends so when
my mom hadn't seen Jackie in a long time
I'll like mom she has a family too so
she spent in town with her family she
didn't see them throughout the whole
vacation so my mom has been kind of
wondering like you know where's Jackie
why a dinner Scenic's
you know what today I'm going to prank
my mom and told her that I broke up with
Jackie during our vacation and that is
why she hasn't seen her so mom I feel
like if I'm not going to get pissed at
me because my mom loves Jackie literally
talked about Jackie
- you love Jackie so I feel like it's
gonna get put on me I don't know I want
to see how my mom gonna react how do you
think she's gonna react I don't actually
no idea library right what's the
reasoning gonna be but I don't know god
I'm still trying to think of a reason
you think I say I card like texting some
of you that or no the being in another
room with another guy's like hey whoa
whoa no I feel like if I told my mom
that I caught Jackie in the act of
cheating but I might want to believe
because she knows he would never do that
but I feel like it's more believable if
I say that like I've overlooked Jackie's
phone and I caught her texting somebody
so I'm gonna go with that by Brian they
were saying to say I caught her cheating
on me like in the act but my mom was not
believable yes she I know Jackie Jackie
went to do that thankfully I got me a
good one but they do say it's always a
good ones that end up the worst but
anyway that's a different dollar for
every day we're gonna prank my mom I
wonder how she's gonna react because she
always pulled me to the corner like just
randomly on woman did and she's like hey
Brandon I just want to tell you Jackie's
perfect hey Jackie is the one for you so
we are about to prank my mom mom you're
about to find out that me and Jackie
broke up because I caught her texting
somebody second frames in this house
because I got the first on my brother
bought it of course let's get it oh if
you're wondering why I'm doing this
important - it's because I don't even
have a bed or anything in my room so
we're gonna do this here the camera set
up behind the TV so it's in a good
hitting spot okay there love with this
place and the camera no good Squamish
you can see the energy okay I didn't
okay mark can you please come up there I
just have to tell you something really
quick it's important
so nervous her health I'm so nervous I
haven't prank my mom in so long it's
been months super nervous but it's time
to do it mom you've been on the safe
side of my pranks for a really really
long time it's time to end it the
cameras hit it she can't see it and it's
ready mom I'm in Brian Andrew
no it's not that serious just something
I have to talk to you about yeah I'm
gonna get the furniture later can you
close the door please
gee you look good
really I wouldn't know tomorrow
you can sit kind of series um serious
why it's not like like you're not going
to dive over it but it's something I
they want to tell you because you
brought in yeah I got a haircut like
thanks wrong but yeah I appreciate that
but that's not one of the things that we
should be talking about right now so
wait - my hands are kind of splitting so
you know how all the time I on the
vacation for the past two weeks and I
just came back a couple days ago and
well I'm just talking about the baby now
exactly
yeah I'm just saying I went on the
vacation and I some something happened
during this vacation and like I didn't
know if I wanted to tell you because
maybe like I didn't take it yeah I
didn't even have a car on the vacation
how would I get a ticket no I didn't get
a ticket something happened on this
vacation and I really do not want to
tell you just because like I don't know
how to do react like you're my mom
and sometimes kids like they just keep
some things to themselves but obviously
this is kind of different
no I honestly you know what I'm just
going to say because you're always like
you love Jackie so much you always on
your side so no matter what I put is
just going to you're going to join us on
something to say
me and Jackie like I broke up with her
and that's why you haven't seen her here
I thought when you were asking me where
she is
hundreds time I asked her where she
Nicole Marie assert her poem was like
Village Voice smell listen I'm not
hoping you come and say me and Jackie
broke up you know I broken - Jackie it's
a different story
seriously I don't know with how many
girls who tour before but never ever
find any girl like her for you how
powerful what somebody else said it all
kinds who cares you can date a lot of
girls and so much your mind but this one
she is so perfect for you believe me on
your arm I'm just a mom I hope it's not
because that's a crutch Lenina Jackie
I've known her for how long I know I
never find out is there anything wrong
branding on Emma that's what I thought -
I used to think she was perfect I think
she was the one for me - yeah
not only me I think that all our family
I know you know AJ loves her
I know and that's why I was so happy
that she was my girlfriend cuz I'm like
not only do I love her but you love her
all my emulous and that's why Tom
ominous you're not even giving me a
chance to talk you just talked about
when you say be Jackie and you know all
right
scuse just just one time saver it's not
me in terrible good I will cover not you
girl I have no family she did something
that usual did something yes you will
never as what are you
Sage's banana not really that is the
only is not getting mad when you say
Jackie would never do something is
because that's what I thought too until
this vacation mom that's a long time to
tell you if you give me a chance to talk
and I will tell you what she did well
you know I hate when you say something
about her I know you hate when I talk
about her because she's always good
she's always been she's never been she's
never done anything wrong to deny them
okay well let me tell you so I was just
like you I used to think she was perfect
never did anything wrong these past
almost two years of us us dating she
never did anything we're in the room
okay and you know how I got crazy like a
little bit of course checking yeah so
she's on her phone and I'm just kind of
like she's laughing at her phone like
smiling so you know in my head I'm like
okay maybe it's just her friend like a
girl there just texting and laughing so
I just kind of peek over peeks just a
little bit but I was good eyes and I saw
the name Sean like a god oh god oh yeah
and she was like laughing on her phone
well maybe Jeremy's a friend not a girl
having a guy's friend what it was it's
2017 on tape of God is setting a girl
this is not the 1930 to 2017 a guy named
John is texting a girl named Jackie it's
not just small talk or it's on hey you
need help with your homework
no it's ed it's the truth mom so using
Dowling I don't know all the guys look
like they all say so okay but okay let's
just say oh and it was just a guy friend
that maybe maybe it was which whatever
what till I looked at it more okay and
what do you think I'm telling you I
broke up with it why would why else
rather go ahead
Oh last night was this tonight was so
fun yes and the song snapchat meet I
don't know if you've heard of it but it
will snatch at me that mean and like
that one mmm is like something I don't
want to
my mom but there's a song is for girls
and God did they hate that Jimmy and any
face happy children that yeah she said
yes again that's what she said
such exactly baguette mom what do you
daddy can be that obviously is that I
caught Jackie saying yes dad or somebody
else let's be serious
well unless like my eyes were going
crazy and I just put it in my head but
my eyes and don't mean they're good eyes
and I saw that so the last night Jackie
didn't even sleep in my hotel I kicked
her out I told her lean mom she got
drunk email away you just have vacation
on vacation in the - yes I feel like -
jealous - take a look at it look at what
I'm doing I swear my mind
mom look all our stuff oh god that
FaceTime me that mmm have you know she
is a cat and she said yes
daddy now I don't forget the Colo
interface on a pussycat yes mom is that
must clean down there while your mom I
listen to the chorus I'm telling the
truth
you might think I'm lying mom I know
you're lying I thought I thought - she
said yes then and when I'm in Boston
Garden and Martha's today I know Mom and
now you won't hear shit anyway what is
your favorite shirt where's John
hey I don't know who the hell is John
age I don't know but I didn't even look
out there like recent snapchats are
based on because I don't want to see
like that's something that I see every
day I want to be a key to this deal
that's what I'm saying I didn't trust
nobody you can't women Jackie so good
and you would never think sure you and I
would always blame you something ever
exactly he was not only good she was the
perfect girl okay look Roxanne Murphy
she's not perfect like you that's what I
saw I don't know I don't know need to
fly or how not why mom visits to look
you know what fuck her yeah what good
mom and I was trying to cover up for her
life I was trying to oh she's not
wouldn't do out because she's just
seeing her family but I said
you know what why the cover-up first why
am i coming up with her because that's
what she did to me yeah so I want to
talk to anymore I don't want my dad
talks anymore
I'm done with her Brian's under
everything on I saw what I saw
I'm swearing Bernardo Guardi that's what
I thought I'm gonna feel like hell she
make you feel a little a family and they
all told her the perfect one I don't
always go according to plan
they used to call her my wife all our
family would do that it is Mazel Italian
I know roughly a day on the weather I'm
sorry but don't talk I have to to use
nobody else I can yellow saw I don't
know like a nice customer I know the -
yeah I know the truth I know I can't
just judgment like you told me not able
Eve that kind of work of course mom I
looked over with my own eyes I don't
know if I was going crazy but I saw what
I saw and it was John the motherfucking
John I don't even know who it was
because I know you're not going to find
out yeah I would end up in jail how
could she
mom thank you like this is great there
she betrayed all those able to she's
dating how many times did she like come
and look in the face and talk all night
but she played you like she was just
putting on an ad she's not really a
perfect I know not she threw your
husband it doesn't matter how much she
chewed up issues snapchat like it does
not matter like to me never ever like
you know how my blood for no reason I
feel like I feel I'm already over it I
don't even care what I'm singling out
man what am i what do you just happy I'm
gonna go do a bunch of things the budget
is my girl Tami all out here clear Sam
listen
that's how I'm gonna deal with yeah no
no yes no this is the worst thing
because no one you get to get back
he's not fighting when you get cheated
on vessel to my head anytime something
deal of hurt a lot I've used to lover
why the hell I'm not given a little time
mom give her a second chance are you
kidding me oh my god but people make
mistakes maybe she didn't mean it
Bobby is just who are we like okay it's
dead if you would go with that shoulder
and he was like just I don't want to say
but you're just talking to another girl
more than just oh hey how are you doing
good and you more than that would you
give us a chance
Dale you're cutting the wood off exactly
I'm sorry I can't picture it oh yeah I
know it mom yes twice ever since man
ever living on another line yeah a lot
of course yeah seriously not only she
lost you look at Tommy yes and we have
the way I like um buy your land I'm
sorry I know I'm waiting for - don't
have my clothes yet but mom just think
about it Jackie did you Jack like how
could she does they feel terrified
because I don't care when you're shot
that exact mom that's what I tell you
when I get when you get hurt this bad as
you find out below you've been dating
for almost two years
cheating on you you just don't emotion I
don't have any more emotions that make
sense I told you yesterday because gets
left home I'm nosy the speargun suck on
the seat yeah you asked you to Jackie
become stunned and I will join out like
no I'm just going to sleep alone well I
told you because she was spending the
time with family but in reality she was
spending time fucking John I don't know
John's from Chicago in like that well I
don't care mom Oh what is she saying I
think even time to talk I win out all if
there's one thing I regret it was
instead of kicking you out right away I
made up a covert op I don't even know
she's flying home that day I don't know
if she slept at a different hotel I
don't know if she went welcome John I
don't know that night
another chance to do it well it's not my
fault what you mean I was mad
I know I know you I regret I should have
talked to her to find out and then kick
you out I don't regret kicking grout
that's what I don't get seriously as I
know it was it okay what do you think I
should do but when you get hurt this bad
when you get cheated on it's like I
don't look like my brain all right
yeah all I be about right now I just
want to go do other things I don't
attend jackets yeah sure I go look at me
like that
I know because like you did this to me
no Jeff and I'll make you be in my shoes
like that no no audience a movie with a
black I am Ravi although I'm not talking
her no no I still see each other
decima thought it was beautiful how does
she pay is there something like this
she's gonna die she's gonna die then
explain the dead who was the fucking
jungle bitch
Oh John I doubt my friend Jenny I just
had a different name on yes come on
you've seen the same little chance
mother all this time I was wrong I
repeat on me was Brian or my dad not
with some random personality these
people I know it is disgusting I know
but so is some random practice who is
John I love the fuckin Johnny version
comunidad need multiple you're gotta dig
deep or Montessori when I have to you
have to ask connect a certain please you
know I just don't want you to talk to
anymore
I'm sorry no she I'm gonna just not so I
know that I'm opening up for me I'll
make her feel bad I don't know man like
that he does not be a man nobody ever
said okay shame on you
okay you tell me what you're going to
talk tell her when you talk to her than
all the yeah
I just found that Brendan's memory just
shape on you this is real we open our
house to use it's like my daughter I
want you to be my daughter a lot from
the bottom of my heart I love you my
family ever get to the me I was going to
say that's me I want to hear the mean
cards but if you just this fuck you
bitch Oh caller caller caller mean I'm
colder like oh no is this me after I
customer nice addition because I want to
know from her but how can a small I'm
going to take because you're going to
call it right you're going to say fuck
you because you noticed you on time to
commit to okay okay now all I want you
to do not my Delta my face do you want
to call me now you know about almost
given a month
consumnes in London oh I can't believe
it Jackie terrible will go get your
phone will just call it really quick
let's go we'll just call it cuz I want
to I won't act like I'm Lindsay or
anything come here I'll come down here I
just need to wash my hands really quick
I'll come down to set your form
yeah I know Mom trust me I will do shout
- no mom please don't tell my dad just
just call her really quick I'll come
down I know
okay just come here mom so it's not loud
because I want to hear this I won't act
like no we'd also go upstairs you can
just come here I just say that like just
say you know I can and like have her
admitted for moving you could tell her I
told you but don't tell her I'm with you
just get it to a bitch gonna deny of
course
how we're looking happy brother Jack
listen I was gonna sell it for that
render Tony more attention but I don't
listen just tell me the truth I don't
care it doesn't matter just tell me did
it happen or no I'm really shocked I'm
shaking you're the last person I think
we did you Jackie is so confused right
now she doesn't know that I'm pranking
my mom she doesn't know she's so
confused right now
I was not broken mom you know I already
know where you did seriously I do I do
know what you did and I kind of believe
him because the way he said it explain
it I can't believe you the discipline so
I'm sorry to tell you this time we can
get the fuck out of life
Jackie keeps denying it because she
doesn't know so she she's like what are
you talking about mom I'm just joking
it's a prank it's a prank you hung up on
her she hung up in Jackie's faith mom
it's a joke it's a joke officially she
she said fuck you can she hung up on
Jackie's face crying mom she doesn't I'm
pranking you she doesn't know so you're
calling a cat so you're calling her
thing I know what you did and Jackie
denying it she doesn't know what you're
talking about
there was no cheating there was no text
she's with her family that she hasn't
seen in two weeks
wait where'd you hit your head here I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry
yeah so oh oh okay okay okay mom mom it
was a joke god I felt so bad mom I
wanted to tell you to put it on speaker
but then it would have you would have
thought that I was recording or
something all I heard was Jackie's waist
be like what I didn't what do you mean I
didn't do anything
yeah and my mama's like I know what you
did oh my god
mom no okay I'm sorry no more hey snow
buddies I'm sorry I'm sorry oh god mom I
never told her those words never oh my
gosh my mom okay mom you probably know I
fell but mom you set yourself up for
this you know what I was never gonna
prank you this never but yesterday you
asked me oh hey we're Jackie and then
today yeah because I haven't seen you
know I wanted yeah and pranking is all
about taking advantage of the
opportunity mom's you set up a mom okay
so the joke and my mom set up a perfect
opportunity it's like she was just
begging me to prank her with us we broke
up prank I hear I'm putting I sit down
what are you having us
I know I do feel bad but I'm sorry okay
guys so I have not to do something for
Brandon fuck you yeah so now we know how
I'm already good mom
what do we give her a second chance
after that's how much you love her
I told you about Connors thank you for
saying I do love head that's nice guys
my mom kept saying uh she was so perfect
and how much he loved her but anyway got
pranking is all about taking advantage
of the opportunity and my mom just set
himself up for this one I never planned
on doing this prank but my mom kept
apologizing to Jackie and my mom just
sent her stuff up it's like she
perfectly presented an opportunity for
me to prank her with a we broke up ring
so how to take advantage of it guys
thank you so much for watching this
video
other than that robotis I'm out please
drop a like if you guys enjoyed
subscribe if you're new right bye mom
doesn't last oh hey mom no please i want
to watch the warriors in caffeine i
don't know what it is to me what about
that friends and then I called yeah I
know I didn't think you're really gonna
call it I wish I got that on speaker
my kid no need thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you did enjoy
please drop a like mom Jackee is just
spending time with her family she hasn't
family - I'm about access to here
tonight so we did not break up and
subscribe if you're new peace out guys
because I haven't prank my mom in so
long it's been months since I pranked
her and I never planned on doing a we
broke up prank to my mom but honestly
mom you set yourself up perfectly for
this one
