okay
then of course on my flight back home a
show comes on called why planes crash
and of course me being the idiot that I
am oh let me just watch this one and so
I ended up watching why planes crashed
while I'm on an airplane
smh
man it feels good to be waking up at
home I'm sorry I can't help but laugh
every single time I see this picture me
and Brian just looks so weird my mom and
dad look beautiful just like they do
right now but me and Brian oh my
goodness look at that and we look so
weird and Brian your tie is like this is
at this time should be for Bosley that's
how small it is now for a human the
Phoenix Suns room the Phoenix Suns
colored walls I missed this so much I
missed my bed so much Brian look so
Brian told me that he was sleeping on my
bed then I said I was gone he's like oh
yeah your bed is really comfy you know
he was trying to like make a joke I'm
like Brian joke's on you do you not know
what happened on this bed we don't even
need to get into that but Brian the joke
is on you why would you sleep on this
bed that's disgusting for you so first
and foremost guys I just want to
apologize about my voice and the
sniffles because I did get really really
sick and I'm still under the weather I
don't know why it lasted so long but I
still AM stay so I want to apologize
before we start this video but now if
you guys are wondering where my family
is well my family actually left to the
new house last night because you know
that's our new house and they were
trying to get me to go over there
they're like Braylon come on we're going
to go sleep there and I'm like no I
wanna sleep here I've been on vacation
for 11 days I want to sleep at this
house so pretty much the absolute
brandon why didn't you go to the new
house with your family there's two
reasons one being well I just came back
from almost a two-week long vacation and
I came back to this home and you know I
dropped all my luggage off here and I
just got settled in and after being on
the airplane for like 7 hours and
traveling across the whole country I did
not want to get back into the car and
drive back over to the new house second
if we're being honest and this probably
the real reason I forgot we moved I
freaking forgot that we bought a new
house it was the funniest thing ever I
don't know how I did this so my mom text
me when I get off the plane and she's
like oh did you land I was like yeah mom
we just landed I'm about to be home and
she goes oh are you going to the new
house or to our old house and in my head
I'm like wait I forgot that we even had
a new house I forgot that we moved and
the reason for that is because you know
we moved like two weeks ago and we had
only been
house for like three days maybe four
days and then I went on this super long
vacation and so I took off on this
vacation which lasted almost two weeks
after only living that new house for
like three days and so I just I totally
forgot that we had a new housing and so
that's why I came here I don't know I
feel so stupid so I'm about to go to the
new house to meet up with my family it
was really really good scene than last
night I swear I love my family so much
I missed them so much this was the
longest that I had ever been away from
my family eleven days it might not sound
like much to you guys but for me I don't
know it sells so like it was a struggle
being away from my mom dad a bribe for
that long it was a struggle so it was
really good seeing them although they
slept up the new house and I slept here
alone I just woke up bright and early
because I want to go visit them right
now so I'm about to leave to the new
house and let's not forget about my baby
I have missed you so much guys you think
I remember how to drive it's been so
long since I stepped on the wheel I
forgot how to drive I think I don't know
we'll see what happens when I try to
back out of the driveway and crash into
all the trees and everything okay why
would I say that
I lost like I say that my license
suspended for not driving this long way
guys so I was about to leave to the new
house and if you're wondering why I'm
back inside the house it's because I'm
rethinking that decision I do not want
to go see Bosley he scared me last night
like okay no I have to go to the house
because I want to see my family
obviously but Bosley like I have never
ever been scared of a little teeny tiny
pug before in my life but yesterday
there's a reason he's not here there's a
reason he's at that house and he didn't
sleep here with me no I'll get more into
that later but I need to get myself
ready because I was scary last night
guys look I love this house so much look
everyone already took their furniture
out Brian took his bed look the TV's
gone off the wall look everything these
TV's over here look my mom and dad took
their furniture but then you go to my
room
and I still have everything here I have
not yet slept at that new house not even
once I love this house I grew up here
I've lived here almost my whole life I'm
21 and I've lived here for 17 years I
love this place I love these walls
I would not love it if they saw in my
head but I love everything about my room
I love this house so what I do I go
spend the whole day at the new house I
hang out there spent on my family and
then I come back and I sleep right here
and my whole family thinks it's weird
I'd rather sleep here than at my new
house but hey I love this house it's a
miracle I still remember how to drive
mom thank you for you know thank you for
having me I don't know how you made me
with such good memory mom but thank you
so I remember how to drive but I still
have no idea what the hell is he says
right here so for everybody wondering
it's easier to go 11 days without
driving and then come back and so
remember how to drive than it is to try
to understand what Lizzie said in a song
ok guys so I have arrived at the house
and look I need to speak quietly so
Bosley doesn't hear me because you know
dogs they have really good hearing well
no I don't even want to call Bosley a
dog after last night actually know that
that's exactly what he wants he was a
dog and I don't mean a dog like in other
pets that you pet I don't mean a regular
dog he was a dog like he wanted
something so for those of you who don't
have me O'Brien on snapchat and you
didn't get a chance to see this let's
just say that on my flight back you know
I was messaging Brian I was like oh yeah
you know I miss Martha so much do you
think he misses me all the stuff let's
just say that Bosley missed me a little
too too much and I mean like I don't
know it was too much and I didn't like
that it was scary because bothers never
done that to me he has never ever you
know latched on to my leg and just you
know went in wrong he has never done
that you know don't get me wrong do not
get me wrong I like sex no matter of
fact I love sex
don't get me wrong but this was just a
little different I don't like it so last
night Bosley was actually supposed to
sleep with me in the other house because
you know I missed him I hadn't seen him
in a long time on vacation but after he
started doing all that I told my mom and
dad yo take him to the house I'm scared
to sleep with him in my room I
I was scared he had never done this to
me so now Bosley is inside the house and
I'm about to see him for the first time
since the massacre last night because my
mom and dad thought I was joking when I
told them to take Bosley dad where's
Bosley
okay leave him in the backyard that I
was thinking about it all night I didn't
know it was scary guys I could not go to
sleep last night oh no oh my gosh there
he is
I used to look at him like he was cute
now I'm so scared
oh no Bosley oh no oh no no no because
I'm scared mom I was thinking about it
all night I couldn't go to sleep look
guys I love you see he didn't scratch me
all right here because he was watching
on good how are you
I slept scared I texted by night like
2:00 in the morning I said wait Brian
I'm actually scared of Bosley Bosley see
this is okay this is fine
yeah he's normal last night he was
possessed guys so since I was on
vacation when I hit two million
subscribers that did not stop my family
from celebrating without me so you got
me and D book from the time you came to
my house and then you have me sitting
here and to em and then the orange and
purple colored leg you can't forget
Phoenix Suns color mom Thanks how was
the celebration without me oh my god
she's staring me down mom is this the
first time one of us was at home when we
hit a milestone like me or bride
yeah guys we usually celebrate every
like subscriber milestone together and
this time I didn't know I was going to
hit it that quick I thought it was going
to be after my vacation and it happened
sooner which is crazy these are the type
of things that make you miss home while
you're on vacation what
while you are on vacation and you're
sick your mom is in there with you
making you some hot tea to make you feel
better I was I felt so bad but I will
say what Jackie did a super good job
while I was editing my videos she would
go to the store across to you bring
medicine with hottie from Starbucks so
Jackie did an excellent job
thanks Jackie but this is from Mama oh
come here buddy
let's go back in the living room I think
that's what we call it this house god
this is so weird he never follows me
like this unless I have a treat and I
don't have one this time
dad look he's following me no I don't
have any food in my head see even my dad
thinks it's only because I have food
come on Mowgli stay in my lap let's just
be a regular dog and owner oh no he's
coming in hot yes see Bosley this is
like regular dogs and regular owners
they just say it they relax they get pet
a hand to get pet like this you know oh
no he's sniffing down the area oh no
he's making eye contact now for those
who don't have me on snapchat first of
all you should add me back it's just
bruh wadis just my youtube name that's
when I snatch our name also and you were
not able to see what Bosley did to me
last night just here it is here it is
how do your nails oh I guess Bosley's
happy that Brandon's like oh we know Hey
Oh buzzy no stop I don't want you to
hump my leg anymore buzzing that's it
stop that you're going to the garage
right now stop guys I'm scared
okay go Bosley yeah yeah go get Brian
ami guys I'm actually so scared of
Bosley right now can you take him to the
new house no he's not sleeping here with
me
look guys Bosley's all about that T's
life he just teases but when it's
actually about the action he's not down
come on Bosley let's go upstairs come on
it you want to tease me like that you
want to go out and show all that you
know scratching my leg humping my leg
come on let's go upstairs
exactly because you're a tease you're
just like all the girls out there
come here Bobby let's go okay I'll be
waiting upstairs see he won't come
exactly you're all talk all tease Basel
you cannot about to action Brian just
listen you saw all firsthand what would
you do Bosley did that to you and I know
he dumped you like before but yesterday
he was like scared that one like imagine
if he was 80 years old and he had to had
sex a whole lot he was a 80 year old
virgin they finally just let it out
that's what if someone felt like yeah
and did you see how biggest buddha was
not only that going R I know I've never
seen him go hard before guys not only 11
days without to his owners yet nobody
usually bothered but Buddha's like that
day this time I trick you but in the
snapchat when I hide huh no there was
one snapchat as you guys saw when I kind
of jumped up and tried to push balls off
the load latched on I looked at the
Buddha that that means the thing in I
was Asian
it was literally it's like eight feet it
was like literally touching the floor
and I've never seen a discus I am proud
of them don't make wrong as the owner
when you see is the Buddha that big
you're proud of your anomaly I just felt
violated I only one years old and say I
would be really scared yeah what time
did I text you on tonight like no one
he's like I'm actually
get involved I said and by member happy
I want to see him before the fly out
sexing by like L do you know so excited
yeah and now a bride they reply also get
out hope I'm like Brian crap I'm gonna
fly I'm so scared oh yeah I just felt
violated as a 21 year old man that's not
something you want coming from a pug to
see you what would you guys do for two
mil God my family celebrated without me
hate yourself over him you roll yeah I
saw with Devin Booker of course no we
prepared that is that's how you were
here yeah I know cuz they sent me videos
Brian sent me snapchat they literally
had like a party as if I was there and
I'm just like oh hey I guess I'll join
your over FaceTime that's it so my
family does we celebrate every
subscriber milestone and even though I
was on vacation we still got to
celebrate I was in a different state and
they were here but I still celebrated it
with them
one thing's for sure guys I definitely
miss San Diego it feels good to be back
I missed this letter I'm into the
atmosphere born and raised in San Diego
I've lived here my whole entire life
so when I go on long vacations like that
it makes me miss home don't get me wrong
I have a lot of fun and I love going on
trips I love traveling but there's no
place like home and this house I'll get
used to it I will one day I will get
used to it and it'll feel like it's
actually my house but for now you know
living in one house for 17 years pretty
much you know my whole childhood just
growing up in that house it's a little
hard to just move in right away just get
used to a new house so it'll take some
time I'll get used to this house I'll
love it just like I love my old house
but for now everything is still really
really new to me like this house to me
it doesn't feel like my house it still
feels like I'm getting used to it
I'm still adjusting to this new
lifestyle to this new place to a new
neighborhood to to new grass to new
streets to new furniture and new walls
and everything but I will get used to it
it happens to everybody it's change and
we are going to go through it at some
point
so for now I'm telling you this house it
still feels so new it doesn't feel like
it's my house yet but one thing I am are
used to MRT is a basketball I'm used to
you okay someone else stand by ball
still no love you scratch my leg so hard
see there's all we have to move back to
the other house we had better a camera
setup okay guys thank you so much for
watching this video everybody it feels
really really good to be reunited with
my family a lemonade 11 days too long
and have such big whoo look I need a Ric
Flair one yeah okay happy what I'm going
to be doing for the rest of the day well
I am really big 11 days since our step
foot your friends are you gonna be like
this to you oh yeah okay don't get me
wrong I played that ball while I was on
vacation like I went to local James and
I played a sneaker cost but I'm saying
it's big 11 days since I played at my
gym court not mine but I usually go to
and ever since I got my membership five
years ago I've never ever went this long
without playing bass while outside James
oh it's going to feel so new I'm gonna
walk in them the air is gonna feel like
I like you're walking into hesita so
right out after these into I swear I'm
going to go please I bought that gym I'm
going to sleep there I'm going to sleep
on that floor night challenge in LA
Fitness will be insane nobody'll just
get that basketball court like my second
home so I missed it and I'm going to go
play a ton of basketball other than that
it feels good to be back with them I
hope you guys did enjoy this video but
thank you guys
and I'm super super proud like I said I
didn't miss a single day of upload while
elbow out of a cable ride of the year
with John thank you and we're keeping
the upload three going thank you so much
for watching drop a like to enjoy the
video subscribe if you're new
the was--was be my guest please
