that's blogging camera vote oh oh Jenny
what are these is that gonna make you
play better
I like your hoodie bro
I think they had to pay you to take it
that's how bad the sun's are right now
oh that's money that's money to open did
you get that but you're taking my
footage you're taking my footage bo and
we're not running with Jane egg let him
play on a different team look at
everyone's logging but what is this
oh that's game that's good oh and one
and one head Lea what do you have to say
about that take hey Jay what are we
hitting today
what are we lifting today I might work
out my finger like press the camera to
record I might work out my mouth I
talked to you about you know the Sun
look we just saw I swear to god it's not
playing I swear to god is no plan
dad I've already got no plan I swear I
just saw him walking out hold on Dennis
you point so close I don't care I'll hit
it to see my dad dad oh my god so guys
we came right now to get on eyebrows
done dad I swear I see you walking out
to do a video like yeah now you put
another video oh my everyone's stealing
footage today we have a game tonight are
you gonna come coach or no yeah 650 I'll
make it especially I'm gonna have a
fresh yo that's why you didn't come to
the damn me and my dad got haircuts on
the same day that's father-son goals I
like fresh things
you ready you know then it's new laughs
when you're sitting down when you're in
this chair you cried too Timmy can do
his beard too then it's wait till you
get on this chair it's over for you oh
why do you have a hole in your sock ten
is a little bit in your face for that
part why are you nervous now you weren't
nervous when you were tickling my foot
stop Tammy can you wax his chest I don't
know if you guys I don't know if you
have enough wax in this whole is you
tickled me was that on camera when you
were taking my feet
Oh even worse you did to off camera at
least log it get some footage now he's
trying to shout out hey don't snap chat
heart heart heart
look he's praying cuz I hurt so bad so
today was beauty day you know Dennis guy
okay he got his eyebrows picks up how
you feelin Dennis beautiful girl right
now if you walked into a school and you
know there were girls in the hallway how
would you walk down let's just say when
I leave it's gonna be all guys school
cuz all the girls are leave it with you
yeah oh ha man walk in yeah there's like
the hitter some little girls like it is
when you get a haircut and you get your
eyebrows on in the same day I think you
feel like a like you feel like a new
person
I'm not banning the waters right now
he's not Dennis right now can I can I
get all all drums like all legs can I
get all legs for that one oh you're all
legs baby legs the drummer's show three
drums instead of the whole you are drunk
so I want the number ten but all drums
why not a regular hit me
crispy please of course of course you
get crispy come you know you're gonna
eat it at my house so you got questions
so you could spill all the crumbs on
that table yeah what was I suppose what
do you want yeah woman I want while you
were ordering just get Bo honestly just
surprised oh no God knows will you order
all drunk know my shit can I get a
number five yeah
why should I got number one for Devon
blue for the drink um I have a game
later I can't drink soda just a water
water okay can I also get one Georgia
Gold Chicken Little
William one years ago okay wait Dennis
have you know all the code words like
Georgia Gold is edge a long is Justin
here is Justin here oh okay he's not
here I'm calling Jay I have to
Emily's not just in the chair yeah let's
try this up against my thank you
don't push my forward I want to talk to
Jay he doesn't answer for you how much
you want to bet how much you want to bet
he'll answer from you Dennis that was
your fault
watch watch watch watch hey Dennis don't
worry about what I texted Jay okay
no let's just say not to be less
punishment mostly huge money for who Jay
okay I gave tonight
whoa that is why they're not fried hey
Danny where's my potatoes I do remember
you said I know
I swear on my life I didn't hide them
you had the bag how did I hide them did
they charge me where's the receipt do
you want some of my potato wedges you
are someone you're supposed to say no
but thanks for asking
six and a half hours later no don't
answer if you answer I'm talking you
okay yo Oh Jay you want you want to call
him huh you want to call him hey Dennis
you called me not you talking about you
talking to him
yo Jay I just want to tell you the
craziest story Bo so first of all why
didn't you answer my face huh oh say
tell him not to watch his basketball
clothes so he's not playing today he'll
see I'm not joking watch check this out
me and Dennis we're at KFC and we
ordered food and then after you know
what the guy said
he said okay Jay we'll have your total
out the window I swear we started
jumping we went to the window and it was
a girl
wait tell them what I said no I said is
just in there
I know but really hey Danny don't do
this let me talk to Bosley I mean I'm
Jade are you ready for the game tonight
bro okay guys so really quick before I
head over to my basketball game so today
the team we're playing is actually
really really good and they're
undefeated they haven't lost a game all
season and guess what my team is in
second place and there's one team in
first place and that is the team were
playing today so today we are playing
for first place like I said they haven't
lost yet all season and there's a reason
for that because uh-huh they're really
good this is a toughest team we've
played so far
I'm excited I've been waiting and
waiting for this game because I love
when we play against tough competition
so I can't wait and it's time to head
over to my game try to keep it peaceful
there's a struggle
so Romel just pulled in and he has a
smile on his face I don't like that I
don't think he understands how good that
he were playing is he smiling what are
you smiling for you act like we won why
do you have a smile on your face we
haven't won shit yet
I'm about to carry you hold my back hey
bud how are you yeah know what happened
earlier yeah so who should go first
Bennett I should manage the little
douche with the hey if any of you make a
shot you better not high-five each other
watch
somebody right what's up baby
why we go
there we go be
there we go Jay
hey I want to give it up Oh be my
usually don't do this but
bought one for a while and these are
he's not playing
it makes the loss of will get them back
to the championship
okay quick favor before we do this part
in the video can I ask you one thing
don't ask me how the game went please
now you know what ask me how'd it go we
lost by like 15 or 20 I don't want to
talk about it the other team was good
they were good twelve okay guys so first
of all I feel so bad for Jackie no no I
left my jersey there look I'm not
waiting to Jersey why are you making
because I was mad after the game so I
took my dress you have to do it on the
floor and I was supposed to pick it up
after when I forgot it on the floor how
are you get it I don't know the gyms
closed whatever we'll worry about that
later
look like basketball the cause is stress
making me lose my whatever whatever
laugh or breathe yeah I'm sorry but I
sweat so much during the game and I
probably smell like poop I was mad at my
job
I missed a shell today but anyways guys
if you are wondering why Jackie's here
right now it's because we are about to
prank momma rug so a lot of you guys
know that mama rug and Jackie are so
really really close friends probably the
best friends actually and my mom every
time I see her
the number one thing that comes out of
her mouth hey Brandon are you back with
Jackie yet you better go back with
Jackie my mom loved Jackie we are about
to prank my mom with I am gonna call my
mom here and I'm gonna be like yo mom
I'm here right now with another girl at
my apartment and just so it's not weird
my mom's and ugh okay why are you
calling in Tommy I'm gonna say she's a
big fan of mama rug and I want to see
how my mom's gonna act because my mom
like let's just say she only likes
Jackie but what should your name be what
should it be
Booker no no that's Julia Angelica and
how are you gonna do your voice practice
once hey
no that's obvious that's obvious yeah
yeah
hi ru you okay I feel good I'm scared my
mom's gonna be like Brandon why do you
have a girl at your apartment ball hey
mom are you sleeping oh sorry I just
wanted to call you I hope I'm not
bothering you just really quick first we
lost our basketball game you know the
other teams that we played was really
good so I can't even be that mad um ya
know but the main reason I was gonna
call you and like this should be quick
because I want you to go back to sleep
so Angelica don't take long um there's a
girl right here her name is Angelica I
just met I just met her recently and she
said she's like a really big fan of
Mamma rug so I told her I would call you
and just to say hi um the mall is
actually closed now Angelica's here with
me at the house yeah like she's not
gonna sleep here I don't think I'm gonna
spend the night here
I think she might go home after a little
bit we're just gonna hang out for a
little but she wants to say hi she loves
mom or mom she wants a shout-out in one
of your videos but I told her we'll see
first so you don't have to do it now
okay well mom yeah you can go back to
sleep I just want to tell you thank you
sorry for
no she's like we're not gonna do
anything she's just here I mean mom mom
they're gonna she's gonna hear okay good
night mom the love time okay love you oh
wait so in case you guys don't speak my
language my mom was pissed off she was
mad she was upset she wanted to kill me
she hates me right now
she said why do young girls at your
apartment make sure she goes home why
she even there who is this person
don't let her sleep there oh my god
watch how much you want to bet my mom's
gonna text me okay guys so anyways right
now I need to hop into the shower
because my body probably smells like
poop I can't believe I figured forgot my
Jersey like what how gets like where
should we tell my mom I thought my mom
was gonna text me and be like yo what
are you my mom texted Jackie
hey Jackie where are you let me call her
okay we need to tell her I totally
forgot I feel bad my mom's I think mom
is freaking and Jackie is Angelica
can I just tell you I love you mom well
hey so mom I didn't know you and Jenny
were this close and so good night I love
you I'm safe
don't worry nobody's here yeah someone
might be coming after Jackie leaves but
that's my oh no no mom good night good
night I'm hurt I just like I don't know
like a big anyways guys I gotta hop in
the shower and clean off all the sweat
yes we lost our basketball games to top
it off they were members of local arts
club but anyways thank you guys so much
for watching today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed drop a like a few days
subscribe to the channel if you are new
other than that Brandon here aka prelada
I love you guys all
bye guys wait certification I don't
force you put this on man if you want to
click the Belcher both sort of vacations
on then do it if you want to subscribe
then do it but I don't force you guys to
do things so oh you think it smelled bad
now you really took off your shirt it's
two years of me watching you play back
but never seen you do that who are you I
don't know the stress levels up behind
now guys I'm out I love you guys all
really bad
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
