I don't know exactly we're going to do I
just talked to my manager for a really
short time when he told me that you're
not just going to be a regular fan smart
so what I'm going to be doing tomorrow
that was something that I could only
dream up when I was growing up that was
something that in my head it was like
okay this is never going to happen and
now it's actually happening in literally
one more day when I say there's like a
dream come true I actually mean it now
Here I am 24 hours away from attending
the NBA Finals not just a regular game
but the NBA Finals and the fact that
it's happening right now is just crazy
like I'm so blessed and I'm so thankful
for every opportunity that comes my way
life is just so crazy I swear I don't
know it's so crazy and I'm a little
nervous I'm not going to lie I can't
even see myself sleeping tonight
I really think I'm going to have to pull
an all-nighter because I'm so excited I
just can't go to sleep like it's 2:00 in
the morning but full of energy I'm so
excited for tomorrow you guys don't
understand it's going to be something
that I dreamed of actually happening in
person I've already had so many family
members and old friends text me like yo
this is crazy
I don't know what to say guys just
follow your dreams I'm telling you like
don't give up on anything you want to do
okay guys so it is about 12 p.m. right
now it's noon look who I just met up
with Doug what's up just set up with
censor we're actually headed to the
arena right now keep you mind telling
them what we're going to do right now
right now we're going to get them
prepped interviewed pull em up tonight
and wait for Game four okay so that's
the plan right now the game isn't until
tonight the game is in like nine hours
we still got a long time for that so for
right now I'm not sure how much I can
actually log in there we're going to go
for that other than that I hope you guys
enjoyed the rest of this video I feel
like it's going to be really fun really
exciting and we'll see what's going to
happen okay so thank you okay so me and
Doug right now we are about to get
interviewed for the NBA liqui-sew
finals like this is literally a dream
come true it is so say it is
by the right words there's no way this
is real sigh are you gonna contour his
face you know I like favorite where are
you really playing wake up on not makeup
she's been begging me to do a video
where she does makeup on my face up
tonight is my beard I'm like just let me
makeup tutorial by by water exercise
think about it is how Bosley my dog
feels when I try to wipe its face in the
morning you always do it I did this is
how we feel this is just a lot now we
know why anybody he likes it and likes
it okay great thanks guys thank you your
skin looks good Carly's best friend best
friend later
well I of beautiful day okay guys so
it's about 6:00 p.m. right now and the
game doesn't start over here until 9:00
so we're still three hours away from the
game but everybody who's backstage needs
to go to the arena right now so I'm
actually about to leave and I'm not even
sure what we're going to be doing for
the next three hours until the game
starts but what I did ask and what I
learned is that I'm going to be able to
vlog a little bit here and there however
for the most part due to the NBA rules
and regulations I am NOT going to be
allowed to vlog a lot of this experience
just because you know there are a lot of
things that happen in the NBA that are
behind the scenes so they don't want to
bring a camera house and obviously I'm
not going to be that one idiot who still
try to secretly pull up him out even
though they told us not to there will be
times that they will let me pull my
camera out because they know that this
is my job and they gave us these they're
a bunch of cards you know facts about
players for example let me read one
Stephon curry from Akron Ohio 7 6 2009
by the Warriors his brother play for the
math he has two daughters ba ba ba it's
all these facts about all these players
once again I'm really really really
excited I'm very very thankful I'm very
blessed
just like a dream come true the whole
day has been so surreal and I'm still
kind of living in the moment I don't
even know how to explain it it's just
something that I've always wanted to do
growing up and it's really exciting that
it's actually happening I still don't
know what exactly we're going to be
doing but I do know that the NBA flew me
out and they're sending me over to an
NBA final game and that means a lot to
me talk about her Gunilla looking in so
the fit shall so shout out to the
NBA I never ever ever thought about you
getting flown out by the NBN going to an
NBA final game for free let alone going
backstage and whatever they're going to
have me be doing I'm just I'm against
out the NBA today let's just leave it at
that
and so I'm gonna try to get as much of
this journey as I could on camera I'm
gonna do my best to make it exciting for
you guys other than that just know now
I'm having a really really good day like
I said it's a dream come true I'm very
very blessed to be in this position and
I'm going to make the most of it but for
now I need to go downstairs before it's
too late
got it wait hold on Jackie got to meet
even eight Smith the go and I didn't get
to meet him I'm forever going to be
salty about that for the rest of my life
let me just say that I love Stephen a
that's going to make me salty forever
for the rest of my I don't think we
could keep doing this relationship all
of a sudden I know right of what they're
so comfy I swear so they showed up for
game for whatever place I'm out respect
he's wearing a linkage in the middle
Cleveland talk about respect yeah you're
right
yeah because we're the Cavs fans out
what is going on got the city of
Cleveland getting ready for Game four
well when I say everything here is about
LeBron I'm not kidding everything is
LeBron over here it's crazy so we have
Doug here and I want to see his
prediction for Game four what do you
want to happen and what do you think is
going to happen I want to see LeBron and
the Cavs just dominated I want to say it
like a blowout because they need it but
with KD and all that firepower it's
going to be so tough I agree
realistically I think it's going to be a
blowout
I think the Warriors are going to blow
the game so my prediction you guys
already know before the series started I
wanted to see LeBron get ring number
four but obviously at this point down
through yo what I want to see happen is
not going to happen and my prediction
for tonight I think the Warriors do
sweep I think the Warriors close it out
if I'm wrong I'm wrong but my personal
opinion Golden State ended tonight
they're just way too good
KD dance play and draymond you take one
out you got three more you take two out
you got two more they're just way too
many weapons way too strong
private entrance we skip the main doors
I don't even know where we're going
right now but I'm excited what is this
oh my gosh okay so word where are we
right now this is where the locker also
this is where people go when they get
ejected they go through the locker room
oh there's the court right now so we're
like backstage right now no one's even
here yet the doors aren't even open I
feel like two vloggers yeah I don't know
we shouldn't be here both so the main
doors aren't even open applied so empty
right now
okay so right now the only people in the
arena are the players obviously the
coaches it feels weird being in our
arena this empty it feels so quiet
okay guys I dared Space Center to go ask
LeBron for a picture but I don't think
he's going to do it you down maybe if I
get like 1 million subscribers overnight
shag diesel is huge who dressed him who
like Shaq's outfit okay guys so
apparently you were about to step foot
onto the court I'm officially on an NBA
Finals core I'm officially on the same
court that LeBron James plays on I'm
freaking out right now you don't
understand LeBron is right there I'm
within distance of LeBron James so my
heart is kind of freaking out for Shaq
is the right there that's wild that's
crazy
we're literally right next to the court
we're on the core not next to it
watching the drama finals and crazy but
I might have to challenge LeBron to a
three-point contest let's see let me see
should I oh yeah I got a challenging
he's off right now I'll never mind I'm
not challenging
well I just met Shaq that's crazy played
for the Sun so I met a former Phoenix
Suns member forget the Sun to Jack one
of the best players of all time that's
crazy I was so nervous to go up to him I
swear I was nervous but we got Doug in
the team shop what are you picking up
sensor get clean final season finals
teacher
it looks dope don't get me wrong guys
there's a lot of nice items here but you
guys know me if it's not Phoenix Suns
it's not going on my body I'm sorry I
know the sons are not playing but if
it's not Suns it's not on me where'd you
leave your shirt you're leaving it back
there you might want to grab that hey
guys not only did the NBA hook us up
with tickets a flight a hotel stay and
these backstage passes but they hooked
us up with food now I'm not sure what
sensor what exactly he's going to eat
from here you guys know about sensors
eating habits but thank God he found
something he liked to eat
Vince sanity tip-off is in an hour and a
half so we still got a lot of time oh
it might be the towels for the players
because we're backstage right now okay
let me just touch okay hopefully LeBron
use his hat you know what you know what
one more hopefully I could say LeBron
James oh she's maybe I thought your old
workers know yes well guys this is
almost like you should be quiet be
careful what you say no Oh Mike okay so
I just said let me touch these towels
and hopefully LeBron James uses them and
the owner's suite is right there oh my
god let's go ahead and leave this area
please well anyways hopefully I could
say that LeBron James use the towel I
touch
hey love
okay guys I just met a huge fan this is
actually Dante Jones of studs watch my
videos thank you for joining team
antenna nice to meet you thank you
I appreciate your time and the
atmosphere in here you could feel
everybody's a little nervous because
this might be the last game obviously
so in about three hours we're going to
be seeing the cab down 3-1 or we're
going to be seeing the Warriors holding
the trophy in the middle backcourt
because I'm not even sure what I just
witnessed but the Cavs almost dropped 50
points in the first quarter that is
insane
how the hell did they almost drop 50 in
the first and the crowd is going wild
everybody was on their feet the whole
quarters
so the Cavs are maintaining a big lead
right now they're still up 18 so I'm
actually in shock with what I'm seeing
right now Cleveland almost dropped 90 in
the first half that's insane
86 to 68 is just crazy so worried for a
really really entertaining second half
and I can't wait to see what happens
now
the
the energy the building has been crazy
okay got away my boys have done English
it was a really really fun game
basically entertaining I'm sure you guys
saw it on 48 technicals now the Energy
Arena the vibe the electricity it was
just wild so now right now what we're
doing we're going to try to get on the
court we're going to try to get on the
floor it will let you know how that go
shout out to Jonathan he's going to try
to get us down onto the court this is
going to be the first time I'm gonna try
to go on the court without getting
arrested let's see how it goes I trust
our guy right there I trust him but
we'll see Security's looking a little
mad right now bro I love your Jersey I
don't I told you I liked it I love your
Jersey I appreciate that we got Steve
Nash sun's out loving Cleveland I'm
aware of my book urges next time I'm out
here okay so we got past one security
without getting arrested let's see if we
can get past the second one yes that's
two securities that are getting arrested
can we make it three win horse big fan
that's the calves calves got man sensor
I dare you to just run on the court
would be a good title thumbnail just run
past all security I'm just joking don't
do that
yeah but I think you should face that
way hey guys I always have taken
something out
like I could find me we got Shaq Chuck
Chris Webber we got all them right there
you're not Ron fire so know right now
with LeBron Kade two of them and their
cousin you got to interview consider I'm
brawny and their friend on my videos and
Brian's videos with shout outs of wine I
wish you go I just touched LeBron kids
here one more another and the cousin one
more please I need to get em here right
now I got the gene Golub ron paul ii
knows who you are a mom you got to show
the ball one of my videos yeah nine he's
lying
yeah before they play games live but
after the series is over wait was that
the game ball that I was holding a ball
that was your games all know what I
don't want to show LeBron a video I want
them to show LeBron this place
no abroad now
Sontag man 24-second violation right now
JaVale McGee Elena to fail so I guess
the Warriors are dogs right there
oh my gosh Zaza but we got Zaza Pachulia
channing frye right here okay that's
nice you like the broad Ravens but you
don't understand how this goes right now
I'm on the same floor at the wrong time
okay so I get arrested again I go I just
leave it in the moment
what what what it was it wasn't like if
you just watch the game you wouldn't
imagine it was that much of a blowout
was so entertaining yeah hiring a pro I
killed it now you know what I'm saying
every time the lawyers started like
their Ronda they always on the cabinet
worst of all
okay guys so the closest video out I
just want to say first of all hard voice
it's a hundred percent gone like I
wasn't miss out on Brandon Wallace
anymore but I don't care because
yesterday was one of the best days of my
life and that wasn't even everything
there was so much that went on yesterday
that made it one of the best days of my
life and I mean you guys saw I mention
I'm at Grant Hill I watched the game of
the NBA Finals
I found out LeBron James Kade and Dante
Jones son watches my videos I got
crossed up by LeBron James son I touched
the NBA Finals game off I was stepping
on the court it was just everything as a
basketball fan has a really really big
basketball fan it was just like that's
everything that I've ever dreamed up
before all in one day it was just it was
overwhelming it was really crazy and I'm
extremely thankful for it and I'll never
forget that day so shout out to the NBA
Express sending me out there the Cavs
put on the show twenty four
three-pointers LeBron went off
Kyrie went off Kevin Love did some
damage too I don't know if they're going
to come back from a 300 deficit
obviously no team has ever done that
before does things they're going to come
back from three oh I don't know about
all that would it be cool to see yeah it
would be cool to see that happy but I'm
not gonna put my word out there because
that's extremely difficult but hey the
NBA and anything could happen I'm still
extremely salty that Jackie Medici Blake
Smith because that's my idol I didn't
get to meet him he was a huge
was and she got to me and I'm so salty
like Stephen a okay guys so today's
actually the very last day of this
vacation I am flying back home today and
it is June 10th I left my house June 1st
early morning I have been away from home
for 10 days I miss my family guys I miss
my mom my dad my brother
I miss Bosley I miss all of them did the
longest I've ever been away from home so
I can't wait to go see that I forgot
what home looks like when Brian even
sent me a snapchat of the new house I'm
like wait I forgot we moved I thought we
still live in our old house I don't know
it's going to be really exciting to see
them so I can't wait and one last thing
I wanted to say I completed this
vacation without missing a single day of
upload I promise you guys I promise you
I wouldn't miss a single day and here we
are ten days later I haven't missed a
day whether I stayed up all night some
of the days whether I skipped meals
everybody wanna pee and I stand in the
room just to finish the video it doesn't
matter how I got it done I got them done
and usually when I go on vacation you
know just like any other youtubers
sometimes they'll skip a day or two just
enjoying the vacation I put my mind
without I was going to get a video of
every single day of this vacation and
that's exactly what I did so I'm a
little part of myself I'm not going to
lie and I did it for you guys I hope you
guys enjoyed all these vlogs I've been
getting a lot of good support a lot of
good feedback other than that thank you
so much for watching this video today is
the last vacation vlog from here on out
it's going to be vlogs in my family
again at the house and I can't wait to
see that thank you guys so much for
watching this video just know that this
is one of the best days of my life I
hope you guys enjoyed it drop a like if
you did subscribe if you're new and
thank you so much for watching this
video guys we're ready sneaker con la
are we ready yeah we're ready to take
two wins in a row we're going are you
going to be on dream crew this time
drafted ready nothing is I want to pass
to you this game so we're trying to go
back-to-back wins in LA cash promised me
to draft me so like 22nd and 20
la make sure it was actually in Anaheim
so if your Nana had come through its and
crazy I'm gonna be there Los Angeles you
guys are no my voice is so going right
now but you guys are slowly slowly
turning me into a hi piste look at this
I would never wear it like not even
jeans out ever you know you comfortably
raveling that's true the big names you
gotta impress do this the very low
joining the levees yeah I don't like the
ladder there it looks are carefully
okay
