okay we're too far we act like we're
just friends what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka for what is and today
is day three quizzes are Thursday in
Cleveland this is day three in Cleveland
Ohio and day hold on and day eight of
our vacation overall we spent the first
five days in Chicago Illinois and then
there's our third day in Cleveland so
we've been away from San Diego for eight
days this is the longest I've ever been
away from home and let me just say I
miss my family so much I just got off
the phone with my mom dad I missed you
too
I was talking to Brian last night I made
my mom send me a video Bosley which
audit I was about to cry with told you
loudly where's Brandon where's Brendan
and Jackie he won't run this to come
home you want to go with him in the car
yeah and he's going to give you a treat
and he's gonna say sit sit leave it
asleep in his room in the new house yes
you are
Bosley I missed you so much
mom dad Brian Bosley all of you guys I
met you I'm gonna be home soon and I
don't care you guys can call me a baby
what you guys can say I don't know
you're 21 years old you know grow up I
don't care I love my family and I miss
them as long as I've ever been away from
them but I am enjoying my trip so that's
the good thing what do we have planned
for today I don't know guys honestly
it's 6 p.m. right now and we still
haven't left the room because there's no
because it is so it is 6 p.m. and we're
still in the room because I just
finished my video I don't know if you
guys can see but it's the NBA Finals
vlog I don't think this is normal we
haven't ate yet we haven't left the room
we haven't seen the light of day and it
is past 6 p.m. that I think like normal
people usually wake up and go out eat
breakfast go hang out on vacation but I
made a promise to God I made a promise
to over 2 million subscribers
total vacation I would not miss a single
day of upload and I've kept true to my
word a promise to the promise so I don't
care if we're trapped in the room till 6
p.m. 7 p.m. 8 p.m. I don't care for trap
without eating breakfast or without
going out I promise that I'll get a
video every single day so that's exactly
what I'm going to do and now I finish my
video so time to go eat breakfast or
like dinner or lunch I don't know
whatever so first meal of the day it's
time to eat but before we go Jackie is
so salty right now she's so mad because
get some oh why would you challenge me
you didn't think I would know did you
okay guys so what happened was Jackie
played what's that talking about ariana
grande Africa I didn't know it no I
forgot how it goes okay just sing a part
of it this song guys okay so she played
that song and she didn't think I knew
who it was so she was like babe if you
get to sing the song
I'll give you ten bucks and I was like
that's Ariana Grande so then she did a
double or nothing she said okay fine I
don't want to give you ten bucks so if
you get this next one I'll give you
twenty and I don't know what song it was
but it was by party next door so I
didn't think he was going to get oh I
didn't know the song but I knew was
going yeah I know but I knew his voice
so I said party next door
so Jackie owed me 20 dollars and I said
you know what I like your slippers you
could choose to either give me your
slippers or give me 20 bucks she they
have cash on her so I said hand over the
slippers so it doesn't matter if I'm
stretching them they're mine now
ah so now it's not about being funny you
tested me you didn't know the song you
like that are you ready to leave haha
okay where's the 20 bucks no I don't
even want the 20 bucks I want these I
would rather happy they're comfy guys
they're really comfy these are better
than my Nike slippers okay well anyway
so Jackie's really really salty right
now but we don't know what our plans are
for the day yet but we're going to start
off by going to a CVS because I need
medicine my throat feels like shit
okay you want me to take the Moscow so
you don't take them up I don't want to
ruin your vacation I took them up there
guys okay I know there's probably a lot
of hair on them now guys my toes are so
hairy this whole trip up came down with
a really bad cough and a very very bad
sore throat so first things first we
need to go buy some medicine from the
store shout-out to my girlfriend Jackie
while I was editing my video she brought
me some hot tea with honey and lemon so
that should be good for my throat as you
guys see I've been taking some excedrin
I hate that I got sick but hey it's life
things happen you can't control it I
think I'm really saved because for one
we've been traveling around from San
Diego to here and like the weather
change and everything and also because
since I promised you guys I'll get an
upload every single day I haven't really
been sleeping what I sleep like what
three four hours every night when I get
sick it's usually because I'm employee
yes so the weather change along with you
know flying and traveling and then not
getting any sleep I think it got me
really sick but it's all good I'm on
vacation
yesterday I went to my first ever NBA
final game and you can't complain life's
good so now we're going to head over to
a store get some medicine and I hope you
guys enjoy the rest of these walls Carol
you ready let's go mom you like my
pictures and take a little Bob I like
your hat I like your hat my type of
section nyquil or Dickel now we'll do
take lu-shi
look at this thing oh my goodness that
looks so dope
okay guys so we got the drugs in hand
I'm just joking over it's just a quilt
so we got the drugs in hand and
hopefully that secures my sickness
because for those who don't know I'm
also going to gain for tomorrow talking
to be ready for the game and it turns
out my manager told me that I'm not just
going to the game to watch it from the
stands I'm actually going to have a
media pass I'm going with face sensors
so first of all I've never met and we've
been talking over Twitter so I'm really
excited to meet him
maybe you get teaching some tips on how
to get bigger so I'm going with face
sensor and we're going to be going
backstage and I don't know exactly we're
going to do I just talked to my manager
for a really short time when he told me
that you're not just going to be a
regular fan small you're actually going
to have something to do backstage and so
I'm on the way to the mall right now to
buy something to wear because I don't
know what I'm supposed to wear like I
need to dress at least I don't want to
say fancy but I need to wear something
at least a little decent so like I'm
really excited because I've never done
anything like this before in my whole
entire life so it should be really
exciting and it's going to be exciting
for me but it's also going to be
exciting for you guys because could you
imagine a vlog it's going to be crazy so
I don't even know what exactly my job is
I need to call my manager back to find
out exactly what I'm going to do but I'm
really really excited and I'm not going
to lie I'm a little nervous but at the
same time this is what I love to do I
love basketball and I love talking about
balls
so we'll see it's going to be crazy I
can't wait to get the vlog up for you
guys tomorrow just imagine that video
yeah so we're headed to the mall right
now to get something to wear and I'll
keep you updated on this long that's
crazy I just found out I thought I was
going to be going just to watch the game
but the fact that I'm actually going to
be like in the back and everything we'll
see how that goes
take care judge Johnny thanks the truth
because what kind of girlfriend tells
you to destroy the good ones the good
ones go if you later
you know I'm told oh no the hemi-head
okay good guys in my time in Cleveland
so far what I've learned LeBron James is
he is a God here that's all I'm going to
say his face is on every single corner
and rightfully so because what he's done
for the city is crazy it's just so
different in person than what you see on
TV
oh no the first store we see when we
walk in don't look don't look don't look
oh no - dammit
Oh food court thank God on economics
right there oh my god is this Jackie
three Sephora and food are the first two
things she sees she loves those two
things more than me I love her and I
honestly hey why isn't it Devin Booker
hat I'm gonna make you why they don't
have them but I'll make fun watch you
think you can walk around selling LeBron
James on the Hat now I'm getting you a
Devin Booker hat I'm getting one for
myself actually
oh my old Philly cheesesteak okay guys
so I just got off the phone with my
manager and he said that we could dress
casual he said you don't have to wear it
sue you don't have to dress to fancy so
we're at H&M of course Jackie looking at
the girls section for herself
she loves shopping but I think I'm just
gonna buy like a plain black tea or
something like that imagine if I had to
wear a suit guys I look so funny in
suits because I'm like small so I just
like super like like a I just looked
weird in the - I don't know why I look
like a ugly version of Incredible Hulk
when I'm in a suit guys this is so funny
that's literally Jackie at my basketball
game she says go babe you got this babe
and now there's a shirt that's so funny
please yeah you should have got it
trademark you needed to get it
trademarked damn forever21 stole your
brand guys I just want to say that I'm
so excited for tomorrow because for
those of you who don't know before I
started doing YouTube and
was going to college I was studying
media broadcast and my dream was to one
day work for the NBA as a reporter or as
a media member so what I'm going to be
doing tomorrow you know going backstage
was a media past that was something that
I could only dream up when I was growing
up that was something that in my head
you know it was like okay this is never
going to happen but I hope it happens
one day and now it's actually happening
in literally one more day I don't even
think I'm going to be able to sleep
tonight it's going to be hard to go to
sleep when I say it is like a dream come
true I actually mean it as a kid growing
up you could ask anybody or even new
members of the robot squad that were
with me ever since I started I'm sure I
made video saying how before starting
YouTube I wanted to be a member of the
NBA media and the fact that it's
happening right now is just crazy like
I'm so blessed and I'm so thankful for
every opportunity that comes my way
because this is just ridiculous I don't
know I can't even think straight right
now I'm so excited for tomorrow but even
when I was going to college to do this I
never actually thought it would happen i
thought you know i will try it out
but do you guys know how hard it is to
actually get a job working for the NBA
like you know you could go to school you
could go to college but at the end of
the day it's extremely difficult to
actually work for the NBA so when i was
going to school that was my goal i
wanted to be an NBA media member but i
never actually thought it would happen
so the fact that it's actually happening
tomorrow is just crazy i'm telling you
like all ask anybody i went to high
school with ask any of my family members
growing up i would be like that's what i
want to do i want to work for the NBA
and everybody would tell me like bro
it's kind of hard to get that job you
know your chances are really really slim
to get a job working for the NBA and i
still tried to go to school for it i
still went to college with my major
being media broadcasting i still tried
to get that job and now here i am 24
hours away from attending the NBA Finals
not just a regular game but the NBA
Finals with a media pass
life is just so crazy I swear I don't
know it's so crazy and I'm a little
nervous I'm not going to lie who would
it be
god I'm so nervous or like excited about
tomorrow that I really thought this was
a mirror look it looks like I'm here I
was like where am i no it does not you
know going crazy tomorrow I think I was
like where's Brandon I can't see me in
the mirror guys I know I can't be the
only one I hate trying on clothes like
sometimes I'll find something really
really nice that I like and I won't buy
it just because I don't want to try it
on I hate going in the fitting room
unless like me and Jackie go in there
together and it's for a different reason
other than trying on clothes we like
that
but I hate trying on clothes like if I'm
taking my clothes off I'm trying to
something else not trying on clothes
she's trying to pick a whole outfit for
me my fashion designer okay guys so I
refused to try jeans on but I ended up
in the fitting room because Jackie
convinced me to try on my shirts so yes
somehow I did end up in the fitting room
even though I hate it I just hate trying
on jeans like you know taking off the
shoes and the sweat and then I always
wear basketball shorts under there too
so take those off and know ain't nobody
got time for that ain't nobody got time
for that guys why do I always look so
ratchet just look from head to toe
ratchetness
I think this would look kind of nice for
tomorrow obviously without the tag or
maybe I should leave the tag on for
style non-jews Josie but imagine like
this shirt with some blue or black jeans
and some nice shoes hmm Wow Jackie a
good style I should always love Jackie
be my fashion designer fashionista and
this one looks kind of nice too I don't
know which one to decide they're
actually similar but this one's a little
shorter I don't know I don't know which
one at least I don't like that ratchet
now do I actually I do look ratchet so
guys my favorite items in the whole
store I found it hair ties and they're
not for me for those asking just like
I'm going to be living my dream tomorrow
at the game Jackie's living her dream
right now at the makeup store this is
your dream come true just as much as
tomorrow as my dream come true I swear
like what's so good about this is it's
like a candy store for girls $32 fuck
the weight don't forget if you get your
eyeshadow eyeliner primer contour
highlight foundation did you get your
all to sponge the pink sponge Beauty
Blender we got highlight and primer you
got highlight
so you're still going to look like a
glazed doughnut right now I know guys oh
my god just imagine mine and Jackie's
kid like look at my nose and hers like
it's gonna be no you're the cute big
like yours is a cute big nose mine is
just a big nose and imagine both of us
put together
oh no Justin owes everything else is
going to be cute
our baby's going to be cute and he's
going to play basketball but the nose is
going to be true a remedy for a sore
throat
well once I learned how to open the
honey then I'll take you in remedies
the Petoskey was hunting Bosley I miss
you I'm pulling this for Bosley and
Bobby that's my god bullshit you're
closing the light I hate when people
interrupt me I'll give you your slippers
back if you drink the tea without no no
wow you don't want your stupid thank you
but I don't like tea or hot or I mean
something not it only burn for like 10
days wait listen how it's a nine o'clock
in this funny oh oh no we're not using
this insane here it's literally bright
funny and I look guys so the Kardashians
just arrived Jackie
Jackie's going crazy by the way I wanted
oh my god this is so dope
Courtney hey guys soldier
wait dolls really awkward let me start
it over okay guys okay that was awkward
too anyway god it's really late here in
Cleveland so I think it's time for me to
start editing my video so I could get
some sleep like I said my throat is
hurting really bad and I have a really
really big day tomorrow so I'm gonna try
to get some sleep but honestly I can't
even see myself sleeping tonight I
really think I'm gonna have to pull an
all-nighter because I'm so excited I
just can't go to sleep like it's 2:00 in
the morning but I'm full of energy I'm
so excited for tomorrow you guys don't
understand it's going to be something
that I dreamed of actually happening in
person I don't even know what to expect
like I just feel I don't know my stomach
and everything just feels so it feels
great and if you're wondering where
Jackie is she's on the other side of the
room because she refuses to be my outro
because I won't take her slippers off
and you know what I told her I said babe
at Jackie nah guys but really I'm so
excited for tomorrow and you know it's
just for those of you who don't know
even when I started my youtube channel I
did not start out as a blogger or a
prankster I started doing NBA videos I
started all I would do I would sit in my
room and talk about the NBA because
that's what my friends are doing I never
do out end up being a vlogger I never do
any of that my dream my goal will just
always be an NBA media member and the
fact that all this is happening is just
insane I've already had so many family
members and old friends text me like yo
this is crazy
so I don't know how much I'm going to be
able to vlog my backstage and you know
everything behind the scenes I don't
know what the NDA rules are for that but
this is just it it's insane I really
like I don't know what to say guys just
follow your dreams I'm telling you like
don't give up on anything you want to do
like it's just crazy now that I see you
know I've been doing YouTube for almost
two years and I have two million
subscribers
I could have easily changed I could
easily started doing things to get more
views instead of staying true to myself
you know what I did I kept doing what I
love I love basketball so I always
talked about basketball
I love the NBA so no matter how many
subs I got no matter how many views I
will get on my videos I didn't change
what I talked about I didn't change what
I love to film and I love basketball so
and look where it's got me so just you
know keep doing what you love keep
following your dreams it's so motivating
and life is just so crazy I'm so blessed
I'm so thankful for everything that
comes my way I never take it for granted
and obviously thank you guys because
this wouldn't be possible without you
guys I don't know guys I'm just really
excited this is really emotional for me
because like I said it's something I
wanted to do ever since I was a baby not
even ever since I was a kid ever since I
was a baby that's what I wanted to do
and I know my mom and dad are proud and
you know as a 21 year old kid man boy
whatever you want to call me it's a
blessing to be able to make my parents
so proud at such a young age if I keep
talking I'm going to keep going on and
on and on so just remember don't give up
on what you love to do and don't switch
up if you love something and other
people don't like it who cares do what
you want to do because it'll take you
places you'll end up somewhere that you
like
so anyways tomorrow is a huge day and I
can't wait to get the vlog up for you
guys tomorrow thank you so much for
watching this video to my family I miss
you guys so much and I'm going to see
you guys soon robot squad I love you
guys thank you so much for watching this
video drop a like if you enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and peace out
guys
