Lebon please can you please sign my ball
a big fan
LeBron please here
well can I at least get a selfie
thank to looking out at game three and
four I'll be there both game yet thanks
again guys that's crazy
I haven't even been in Cleveland for two
minutes and I already met LaVon crazy
okay guys so I would literally like to
sit out the door me exactly what about
to go to the mall you know I'm going to
the NBA Finals tonight but we have a
couple hours to kill the game doesn't
start till later so we were going to go
to the mall and I'm about to step out to
leave to the mall outside noted
yo this is Cady this is a Kevin Durant
shirt now hold on for those who don't
know what's so crazy about this I'm in
the city of Cleveland during the NBA
Finals okay Kevin Durant
thanks for Golden State you know
Cleveland Golden State they don't really
get along and especially now that Golden
State is up in the series and Kevin
Durant has been balling out yeah let me
just go ahead and not where this guy's I
didn't forget all the KD shirt because I
only wear that because my mom bought it
for me for Christmas so you don't mean
being a good son I always wear that
shirt to show my mom like yo mom thank
you for the gig I totally forgot imagine
if I did it like I don't know what
reminded me but imagine if I didn't
notice and I went walking downtown
Cleveland with a KD shirt oh my god I
wouldn't even be left off of this one
I swear something this triggered it in
my head so reminded us of K t-shirts but
now let me just change really quick and
yeah we're going to hit downtown
Cleveland okay let me just make sure
this isn't a Katie or Steph logo okay
guys so I don't want to be creepy or
weird so I'm not going to point the
camera at them but I swear Tracy McGrady
and Vince Carter are literally sitting
right in front of me having lunch
GMAC and Vince freaking Carter I said hi
to them but I don't want to point the
camera at their face it is time for the
game guys I'm so excited right now you
guys won't even believe it it's any
basketball fans dream to go to an NBA
final game and I've been dying to go to
one of these games my whole life I've
been to a lot of regular season games
obviously but I have never ever been to
an NBA Finals game I feel like the
atmosphere inside the arena is going to
be electric I thought
is going to be way different than a
regular season game I don't know how to
explain it and to top it off hold on let
me take a see really quick to top off
the excitement of going to go see the
Cavs and warriors playing the NBA Finals
guess what just happened I just hit 2
million YouTube subscribers while I'm
getting ready for this game and it's so
crazy I'll have more on that later
because I don't have too much time to
talk right now but to keep it short and
simple I just want to say thank you guys
so so much for this I honestly can't
believe it I never in a million years
would have thought that I would have 2
million YouTube subscribers so thank you
really from the bottom of my heart I
appreciate it and I'll always say we
have 2 million subs not me I didn't do
it by myself but we did it we hate 2
million YouTube subscribers so thank you
and hard work paid off let me just say
that I never ever ever would have
thought that I would have 2 million
YouTube subscribers but I work hard
every single day and to keep it short
and simple hard work pays off but now
guys I feel like there's going to be one
of the most exciting days of my life and
I haven't even left it's just I've been
anxious ever since I woke up this is
something I've had on my bucket list
ever since I was a kid ever since I
started liking basketball I always
wanted to attend a NBA final game and
it's finally happening the anticipation
is real listen Cavs warriors all I'm
asking for is one thing just please not
another blowout after watching the first
two game and seeing the Warriors kill
the Cavs all I'm asking LeBron steps
KD Kyrie come on if you guys love me
just please no blow out at least a close
game that's all I'm asking for we're in
Cleveland and the Cavs are down Oh two
in this series so it's a must-win game
they need this game so I feel like
everyone's going to be crazy one last
thing and this is just crazy Jackie was
getting ready to watch the game in the
hotel room you know I was about to leave
to the game I was going to go by myself
and my manager text me and he goes hey
Brandon your tickets are at the front
desk go pick them up and there's a
little surprise for you so I'm like okay
whatever you know I told Jackie that I'm
gonna go pick up my tickets and like I
said she's getting ready to watch the
game over here in the hotel room and so
I go to pick up the tickets and my
manager
prizes me with an extra ticket for
Jackie so out of nowhere up until this
very moment when I went to pick up the
ticket I thought I was going to the game
by myself but my manager came in clutch
and he surprised me with a extra pinkie
I don't even know how the hell he got
that
so now jackie has to literally rush and
run we literally just found out she was
coming with me so she has to rush to get
ready because we got to go it's ok how
excited are you so excited I actually
just want to say I'm so proud of you so
yeah guys one more time thank you so
much for 2 million YouTube subscribers
and I love you guys all but it's time to
go watch this game oh and for everybody
wondering I've never seen the Warriors
worn cast playing person never I'm just
I'm so excited I don't know what to say
you can't see it in my face that words
can't describe how exciting it is for
such a big basketball fan like myself to
be going to the NBA Finals gonna be
crazy right now guys we got the Hat that
Jackie bought oh my god way smile with
it on she's nothing like
see my hairs as I saw I'm like
anything's covered this is the only time
in my life that I'll let her wear
something that isn't Phoenix Suns guys
once again thank you so much to my
manager thank you really
so now I'm not going to the game by
myself downtown Cleveland baby think I
know where I'm going right now
imagine I'm just following everyone else
we have the same exact pace don't mess
it up we literally have the same exact
page is that why we're dating because we
have the same exact walking pace the
atmosphere in downtown Cleveland is
crazy like everything is about Cavs
basketball everything it makes me just
wish one day that the sons are in the
finals like I'm telling you it's all
Cleveland Cavaliers over here so one day
when the Phoenix Suns are in the finals
if that ever happens I want this to
happen for my team because it's crazy
one day Suns one day and I'll be there
in Phoenix when it does happen guys
that's where one of my top wishes would
be for the Phoenix Suns to be a
championship team like like a lot of
people wish for money for themselves I'd
like to forget myself I just would want
the Phoenix starts to be a championship
team I just love the Sun I love the
Phoenix Sun here's the baseball field
these are the Cleveland Indians play
obviously and then down there is where
the Cavs play so they're like right next
to each other that's actually something
a lot of people don't know I actually do
know a lot of baseball I like baseball
mostly this is like a hundred on 100
right now
so funny guys shout out to these guys
and watch my videos thank you get
yourself a girlfriend who supports you
to mil okay guys no we're walking all
the way back to the hotel because we're
not allowed to bring backpacks into the
game I didn't know that so they played
us all I had in here was just this we
have to walk all the way back to the
hotel put my backpack in the room and
then come all the way back you look good
though hmm this looks familiar the
baseball field well when is on his way
back with no backpack
you
guys so these are seeds I feel like
there's such a good view of the game
because you could see everything both
sides of a core
Schaech big diesel gosh my stomach hurts
I have a fever I have a headache
I feel like shit but I don't care
because I'm so excited to be here now
but really I feel like I'm gonna die I
don't know how I got so sick of course
the day of the game of course but I
don't care I'm so excited I'm gonna be
screaming go baby for LeBron
guys is where Jackie learns how to
stretch me she watches the professional
trainers and then she does it before my
game already I thought before my game
Oh
haha
Kevin Love looks exactly like little
dinky they look like twins I didn't know
little Dickie played for the cab he's a
rapper and an NBA champ
that's LeBron of all people they can't
afford to lose you could hear
everybody's heart drop in this arena
guys when LeBron went down literally
every single person in the arena had a
gas like everyone just stopped breathing
Oh
Tory wanted that last shot
okay guys so it's halftime right now
it's been a really really close game but
the Cavs are down by six so we'll see
what happens in the second half I don't
know
the Cavs can't afford to go down three
oh so there's a must-win for them what
I've learned so far is that LeBron is
pretty much a god here in Cleveland and
Iman Shumpert looks more like designer
in person than he does on TV jumper he's
designer we'll see what happens in the
second half but it's been a really close
game exciting so far
do you know his name Joe bill McGee
that's that check best friend right
there
guys I thought it bent them in right
there in the green I spotted him from
the back of his head not all Ben Simmons
is right there
the Henny God
that was such a gem in sha
way too easy
that's crazy
look I'm going to be more aggressive at
the end that's crazy
you're scoring all games easily and then
he passed up way too many shots at the
end and then that Kevin Durant Brees and
Kevin Durant cold-blooded killers too
good bro the energy after that game is
dead right
everyone is paced and rightfully so I
don't know how the Warriors pulled that
off they pulled it off they always come
out clutch I don't know how but they did
oh my gosh
being this live is so weird as I see it
on TV every time Cleveland plays god
what a game I'm still in shock like when
you're watching it on TV and you saw the
Warriors come back it's like you saw it
happen but when you're there live it's
like you don't even notice it the Cavs
are up by six and then with a blink of
an eye you look at the score of the
Warriors are up like it just it all
happened so fast and being in that arena
the energy went from you know anybody
going crazy to like everybody was
stunned everybody was silent and the
whole crowd was shocked you know it felt
dead in there and it's just so crazy
because one minute before everybody was
going crazy one minute later everybody
was just seeing it it was just wild it
you cannot compare watching it on TV to
being there live and hey I got what I
asked for I asked for a close game and
that's exactly what it was was a close
game it was really entertaining although
I did want to see LeBron win because I'm
a basketball fan you don't want to see a
sweep in the finals obviously unless
your warrior stance but as a fan of the
game you want to see more basketball and
you want to see more games being played
I don't know at least over-the-clothes
entertaining game this is not my NBA
channel so I don't want to get to indent
about the game but what I do want to say
is one LeBron played his ass off LeBron
had nearly a 40 point triple-double he
played great Kyrie you guys saw he
played amazing the Cavs needed to get
more from their role players their role
players didn't do much
Tristan Thompson dude that guy I don't
know what the hell happened - he looks
like a Gump out there he needed to help
Cleveland got way more they just needed
more from their role players and then
from the Golden State I'm man this team
is just there they're way too good
I don't even know what to say last year
they went 73 and 9 and that was the best
record in NBA history but this year's
team is way better than that difference
I don't want to say it but they're
unstoppable I don't think there's any
team that could be sent whether that's
this year next year or the year after
I'm kind of worried that way to Suns
can't be done no the Sun can beat them I
met every other - you know but in all
reality I'm kind of worried that the
Warriors are they're just going to be
killing teams day in and day out you
know adding Kevin Durant was not adding
something small Kevin Durant is a hell
of a player just like you guys saw
yesterday just like you guys saw in Game
two just like he's our song game one you
know yeah a lot of people make fun of
them for the decision that he made and
even myself I don't respect that
decision but when you look at him as a
player
there's no denying this dude could play
ball Kevin Durant can't play basketball
he is good he is really good actually
and I don't know if this Warriors team
is just in my opinion this year's team
is the best team in NBA history and I
don't think there was anything that
could beat them honestly they're just
too good too many weapons there they
have way way too many pieces to lose so
anyways guys one last time thank you so
much for 2 million subscribers I
appreciate it really from the bottom of
my heart because I couldn't do this
without you guys so I really really do
thank you guys and I mean it we hate to
million cells and I feel like this is
only the beginning I feel like we could
really hate 3 million and maybe one day
4 million who knows maybe one day 5 mil
I don't know the sky's the limit
but I really do love you guys and I
appreciate what you guys do for me and
other than that that's going to close
out today's video I had a really really
great time at the game and I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog because I feel
like it was fun it was a fun long crazy
entertaining other than that I'm going
to enjoy the rest of my trip in
Cleveland and still haven't missed an
upload on this really long vacation that
I've been on just like I promised you
guys anyway thank you so much for
watching this video drop a like if you
did enjoy subscribe if you're new and
what squad I love you guys all
peace
