you know look at this it's 437 in the
morning not 4:30 p.m.
look 4:30 in the morning and I swear I
can't go to sleep because I just keep
thinking about my haircut appointment I
just like I can't I just keep thinking
like even if I fall a little bit into
sleep I did I just wake up like the you
know when you have a really bad
nightmare and you shaking your wake up
like what I feel like you're falling off
a cliff and you just like this time I
feel like I'm in the chair getting a
haircut and the dude goes and I just
wake up it's like the same as when you
fall off the cliff i I don't know what
to say my first time and I'd say four or
five years that I'm just walking into a
random shop getting a haircut and we'll
see what happens why I Brendon why how
do you think the haircuts gonna go
I feel dope is it going to be dope I'm
AB good Oh Sam just do what hard to
divide but it with other / the visor now
girls you here first tournament am i
trusting I'm asking you bro you can't
ask me I'm saying he's again let's go
how to not feel like gonna be really bad
man is gonna trip out I'd be like yo
with that first I'm getting like Erica
from some of the first time in like four
or five years hold so ever since I was
in high school I've been to the same
barber shop slim you've had an
experience with bad code to show you so
you're hoping I get a bad one okay oh
yeah that is true it would be a good
vlog let's see aim you got the fresh
bait coming down to the beard yeah fresh
to death well I don't want to die I'm
going to Cleveland I need to see the
game oh my god all back with the kid I
don't know what we were talking about
something and I checked it without
Denver booking all the time and he like
late
Devon look this place on the side as
well all I want to like top my I don't
know bro
and then you said I've only played for
the simple was our eyes are enormous
concealers that exciting time a Latinos
massive desire that's a good oh my god
will forget the haircut now first about
this do i people that was the saddest
parts of vacation I'm invincible thank
you everything definitely mom I miss you
bro no but for real and i'ma see you
next month in LA sneaker con napal I'm
gonna miss you bro all of the building
with of you yeah well I know here oh no
you had enough strikes I'm done with you
but I swear I'm so done with them both
Abe nice to meet you I'll see you soon
one day when I go out to New York I'll
hit you up miss you government thank you
for everything
Adam the money man
mamizou bow thank you for everything you
did for real yeah I appreciated
everything everything's in place you
know this is dedication Adams about to
be late to his flight but he needs to
get a video up so he's waiting until
uploads he's stalling Boober I know what
he's doing look he's had the same bag in
his hands acting like he doesn't know
where to put it but us youtubers know
he's just waiting for his video to
upload
look at him stalling your video almost
done so for those of you confused by all
this let me just update you guys really
quick I'm going to Cleveland for the NBA
Finals for the next two games Game three
in Game four which by the way I'm super
excited about let me just add that in
and I'm in Chicago right now and my
flight is in a couple hours so for the
first time in about four or five years I
am going to be going to a different
barber shop because I need a cup before
going to go watch the NBA Finals and I'm
extremely nervous I'm extremely scared
but I got to do it I have no choice I
can't I can't go to San Diego I can't
fly my barber out to Cleveland with me
so I have no choice I say one thing what
obvious 12 2016 you at one
and on June 7 year about 2 million so
less than a year less than I here it
took you to gain a million you should
smell patterns thank you guys so much
you heard it I'm almost at 2 million
YouTube subscribers so thank you guys so
much I love you for that so now my heart
which was all the way down here in my
stomach because I was so scared for the
haircut it rolls a little up I'm going
to hit 2 million subs but I'm still
super scared so you know I call my
barber earlier and we had like a
heart-to-heart talk and I told him
pretty much he'll I'm still loyal I'm
not a cheater
but I have to do it and you know he told
me he said you know what I'll give you a
1 get out of jail free card and if you
guys don't know what that means it means
I'm able to go to a new barber shop just
this one time and it won't affect our
loyalty now I'm just joking but I love
my barber I talk to him over the phone
and I pretty much begged it to him I was
like yelled Paul what should I ask for
my hair and he told me what's time for
the size and the beard and everything so
shout out to my barber ok guys 142 right
now in Chicago and to everybody else
watching this video this time probably
means absolutely nothing but the reason
this time means so much to me is because
right now all supposed to be in San
Diego and my haircut appointment was at
11:30 it's a two hour time difference
from Chicago today go and so right now
in San Diego it is 1143 not 1:40 1143 so
you got a thing about it if my haircut
was at 11:30 and right now at 11:43 so
right now at this exact moment I was
supposed to be sitting in my barber's
chair getting cut that's what I was
supposed to be doing at this moment so
that's why it's time means so much to me
and it's you know it's making my heart
ache it's making me cry and it's just
you know it's a very emotional time for
me and I don't know if I could get
through it but I do appreciate all your
guys in support once it turned 130 in
Chicago and I knew that was 11:30 in San
Diego I just wanted to break down in
tears I didn't know what to do I don't
know how to handle it you know I thought
I'd be taking this a little better but
Spencer had to update you guys for the
vlog because I love you guys so much
okay so they for sure saw me fake crying
so they probably thought that that was
serious
so I need to find a place to get color
right now I'm going to tweet to all you
guys if you know any good barbers in
Chicago I'm not gonna lie I'm really
nervous I'm really scared but you got to
do what you got to do I just called the
uber right now and it says that he is
three minutes away oh my gosh this is
just this is going to sound so weird for
all you guys who don't take care cuts
that seriously as I do I probably sound
crazy but this is so serious to me so
I'm three minutes away from getting
picked up and oh this is so
nerve-racking like this is so scary
and I'm telling you if you don't get
haircuts religiously this is going to
sound really really weird but I only
trust one man I'm loyal I only trust one
barber it's been years and years and
years I've been going to the same shelf
and even if my barber wasn't in if you
were sick or something I would still go
to the same shop so I'm still loyal this
is going to be crazy and I don't even
want to check the uber I think I'm gonna
run a honestly fucker I'm not going to
the finals I'm not going to the NBA
Finals I'm gonna run away
sorry I can't even hold the camera
straight right now it's time so I'll
show you my sweat just wait till you get
to the barbershop so what I did I didn't
even look it up on Yelp
I didn't look it up on anything I
tweeted out if anyone knows any good
barbers around here and I have to keep
it close by because we have our flight
in a couple hours
sorry guys I think I'm gonna cut the
scene right now because I really can't
talk like I don't know I don't know what
more to say so I'll update you guys soon
I'm a little nervous right now I want to
know what you think so on the past four
or five years I've been going to the
same barber shop only trusted one person
but now I'm on vacation and you know I'm
looking a little rough so I'm trusting
somebody else I don't even know what
this shop is what do you think would you
be nervous I'm very nervous no you know
me you tell them what you want yeah but
that's like someone tell me I'll go
shoot like Steph Curry you're telling me
but I can't shoot like Steph Curry is it
okay so you're the picture of did it
like yeah oh yeah yeah maybe I'll find a
picture right now to show that like the
picture so that well maybe I'll have my
barber from San Diego talk to them over
the fall
we'll see what happens
you guys are laughing they're the
scariest moment of my life one of the
scariest moments so I'm leaving today so
I'm just getting a haircut right before
I go on the flight can you imagine a bad
haircut and flying as it'll be the worst
airplane ride ever
okay I need to call my bar balloon quick
yell Paul hey I just want to let you
know that I'm about to go in to get cut
so uh wish me luck this might be the
last time you know you see me I just
needed a one good luck I'm really
nervous I now I hope so
I'll let you know how it goes right
after let me know so as you get a loop
of fun Diego today no no I'm going to
Cleveland for another five days so this
is too rough you know I look I look like
a dog
okay so right now let me try to compare
this to how it feels so imagine you're
playing in a basketball game and there's
50 million people watching imagine they
built an arena that allows 50 people
somewhere down the line in the future
I'll be down by three game seven
championship game and it's your ball and
you have to take the last shot that's
how I feel right now that that's really
hot my heart is inside of my stomach so
over with
I think now after you know Golden State
already won the first two there's no way
they're going to lose for four times in
the next five games yeah I think so
either
and Cleveland a lonely one
in my house under 21 20 years old on 25
year old yeah yeah
one day like Golden State I wonder like
little oh my gosh
they should do a loser has to go to a
new barber shop out of question do you
have any like advil or headache pills or
no no I don't know that to stress I got
a headache now hopefully the ambulance
is fast becoming the chair and the
barber gives me the mirror and I look at
and it's all messed up the ambulance
could come fast because I will not be
alive after that kind imagine I'm just
stretching for no reason and I go the
barber does a great job it looks perfect
I would be so happy I said I wouldn't
stop smiling for one week till the next
time I got a haircut a smile on my face
that's the plan that's what we're hoping
for you know what you know what I just
thought you know all barbers are the
same it doesn't matter if it's one from
anywhere here is Chicago here needles
they're all the same they all get their
license and it's the same thing doesn't
matter
yeah I'm just trying to tell myself that
to make me feel better
this is when I wish I took more selfies
because I don't really take any selfies
I don't suppose on Instagram but now
would be a great time to just show the
Barbara a selfie and be like look this
is how to cut in but I'm trying to find
and I don't have any recent one at least
we have Jackie who secretly takes
pictures of me when I'm not looking so
hopefully you got a side view so you can
see the face do you oh yes
wait I was asleep in the airplane and
she took it yes wait this is okay this
is a good picture
Wow oh my gosh usually I would have been
freaked out that Jackie takes secret
pictures and was singing in the paper
yeah she had it she took one I was a
fleet from the side view it's perfect to
show to the barber clutch cause we're
two minutes away from the shop so this
is me trying to get my mind off things
oh well they have a lot of nice school
buses over there
nice school the nice area do you live in
this area and live my 15 minutes away
from here oh really yeah it's beautiful
yeah yeah the school is very nice and
the weather is good the food I tried it
was really good just trying to get my
mind we tried a pizza
Panda Express
public that would be your club equation
for faces that they get a wooden lamp
when we can tie wire in the wire that's
when I go to school and I'm gonna steer
down yeah yeah I'm going to make some
into the final so it's right here
Cleveland Chicago I had a fight to go
all the way back to San Diego just to
get come on my Barbara and then hop
right back home in a couple hours to go
to Cleveland my my boy who pulled me on
the fire you like you going straight
from here to Cleveland
oh by the way I tweeted out can you give
me a barbershop
people a good thing because I'll give it
go all the way bags it's for a club
singing harmony okay God you all saw how
nervous I was stepping into the
barbershop
I'll tell another so the scariest moment
of my life I compared it championship
game games heavy down my brief look it
is to get a great dumb shout out I think
you did a great job it looks old
shall I say field cuts if you guys are
in Chicago go ahead come down and it did
really good thank you guys I appreciate
it you mind you thank you
what about it oh well let's forget much
what we do
okay guys so our uber is on the way
we're about to head over to the airport
got on our flight to Cleveland but I had
to come in to subway I think yeah we're
at Subway I had to come to Subway really
really quick just to actually look at my
club because you know when the barber
gives you the mirror you don't want to
look at it for like ten minutes so I
came here to actually look at my cut and
it looks good I swear they did a really
really really good job and it turns out
all scared for nothing what up I was
scared for a reason obviously it was a
scary moment but it turns out they did
really good so I'm really happy it's
like my stress level went from 100 all
the way down to one and now I'm ready to
get on the fly it's a beard I like the
most - the hair the fade I like
everything he came out dope but you know
how to stop in subway just to check it
before I got on the flight and I swear -
I already know there's going to be a
million people bottling in here a
million Jews but however many people are
going to be that are going to be like
bro you're so over exaggerating you know
you're so weird all this but I'm telling
you you guys don't understand unless
you're really big on haircuts even one
of the barbers in there was telling me
that he went to a new barber once and he
was super scared all the barbers in that
shop that are watching this video first
of all shout out to you guys they all
showed support they subscribed they
showed me love over there so thank you
guys
all those barbers in that shop and
everybody around the world would take
check up seriously you guys know how
stretch and how scared I was going into
that shop it all makes sense to you guys
before everybody else you're probably
like Brandon what the hell is wrong with
you you're freaking weird and crazy but
yet our uber is probably here right now
so it's time to go to Cleveland Ohio hey
guys I was in the bathroom doing that
whole part for the vlog and I forgot to
go peace it could also chalked up a
haircut actually came out nice I forgot
to go pee so should i blog in going pee
and like show everything or is that
going to get age-restricted
we'll test it out - joking guys or mi
we got the difference of mood from
before I got the haircut too after i'm
such a crazy person I don't know how
Jackie deals with me I don't know how
Brian deals with me my family thought
was so happy that I'm gone on this
vacation I swear I felt sick no I really
yeah I felt sick like my stomach started
hurting and I got felt like I caught a
fever out of nowhere right when I walked
into that shop and then now that I saw
the hair kind it was okay it's kind of
like okay the stomachache is going away
it's still there a little bit because it
got really bad but it kind of went away
on the way of random didn't say one word
except to the camera Lisa dinners
awesome I couldn't talk to anybody the
only reason I talked to you guys because
I wanted to vlog it but if there was no
camera I swear it
I didn't say a word all day I did not
say a word and I'm telling you right
when I sat in that chair my stomach
started like it just felt weird I
started sweating hey guys so you got the
most skin capers you got the beard lined
up or fade go around the bag Sam yeah
listen and then I left the top long I
didn't really want to cut the top so I
just left the top but I cleaned up the
sides in the back and I already know a
bunch people are going to comment throw
your hair look exactly the same it looks
like you didn't even get a haircut what
do you mean I can see it I can i I can
tell is it done it looks nice I'm a
sweet man it's like I just spent my last
day of jail and I got out and I'm free
okay guys so next day I just woke up and
I was supposed to close this video out
with a regular outro you know thank you
so much for watching I appreciate all
you guys and peace out but it turns out
that I woke up and I don't know what
happened maybe it's all this traveling
and the weather change from San Diego to
the East Coast but I woke up with like
you name it
sore throat stuffy nose migraine
stomachache everything I don't know what
happened and it just sucks because I
feel like shit when I say I feel like
shit I'm talking about this is probably
the worst thickness I'm feeling in years
I haven't felt this bad in a really
really long time even the times that
I've been sick recently it hasn't been a
bad
this one and it just sucks because
today's the NBA Finals today I'm going
to the game and not only am I going to
go see the game I'm most likely going to
be hitting 2 million subscribers today
so it's like I just got sick at the very
very worst time and I don't know if you
could hear it in my voice but I guess
what can you do shit happens
shout out to Jackie she went this
morning and she brought me I don't know
what is this tea with lemon honey and
then she also brought me medicine like
headache pills and everything but the
game is today so like I don't know if I
could heal the sickness and it just
sucks because of course of all days of
all days that I could have been sick it
has to be this one if we're being honest
I could barely even open my eyes
like my eyes are super cool I could
barely even see where the camera is my
eyes are super closed right now but but
once I finished filming this outro I am
adding it to the editing program and I'm
editing this video for you guys because
I told myself before I was left on this
vacation that I would upload every
single day for you guys
no matter how tired no matter how busy
or no matter just anything now I didn't
always going to get this sick but I did
make a promise to all you guys and I
told you guys that I would get to upload
every single day that I was on this
vacation so there's no excuses so I'm
still going to edit this video I'm still
going to upload it I know a lot of
people on Twitter have between me to
just skip today and try to get better
but a promise is a promise and I promise
you guys anyways thank you guys so much
for watching this video I'm going to be
going to my first ever NBA final game
and I'm really excited for that like
yeah that's that I don't know what I
came down with I'm telling you it's not
a regular fever or a regular headache it
just it feels a hundred times worse I
don't know why and of course it has to
be on the data I'm going to hit 2
million subscribers but nonetheless
I'm still really really excited this is
something that I've been wanting to do
my whole life to go to an NBA Finals
game so I'm going to be there tonight
obviously I'm going to be long
so tomorrow's video you are going to be
getting a warrior's Cavaliers NBA
championship live game vlog and I hope
you guys are excited for that other than
that I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and but what is I'm out peace guys I
feel like nobody camera on come up here
sales a car at my video route of the
surface yes yeah like that yeah that's
because it
