helps out whenever something okay
everybody so I'm in a little dilemma
right now because it is it's 6:30 p.m. I
was literally about to leave to the
airport like I was going to get myself
and leaves to go fly back home I'm in
Chicago right now I was going to fly
back to San Diego but I thought about it
because I'm supposed to go to Cleveland
for the NBA fun so I sat them down and I
said yo so my manager wants to funny
from Chicago to Cleveland it's only like
a one or two hour flight but I told them
Yelp I need to go all the way back to
San Diego because I need to get a
haircut and then I'm flying all the way
back to Cleveland up and down and I told
them what would you do would you go from
here to Cleveland or would you go all
the way back to San Diego which is
already a five out of five and then come
all the way back to Cleveland only in
one day I'll only be in a Diego said one
day a good plane that's seven hours oh
yeah anytime another seven hour flight
to go from San Diego to Cleveland and ER
the layover wrapped ourselves all
because I want to Santana will one day
to get a haircut
you guys have like 30 seconds to give me
an answer tonight or today uh I was
going order gonna oh hey I will see it
goes in you get a fresh cup and freshen
up jeah family see my family you got
family there Hammond and it shows a
couple hours underneath and then so you
might find all the way back to pieces I
have now replied again
okay so I say you goes red to Cleveland
because are you landing what time to do
with it to go sailing over if I oh yeah
I forgot to mention is if I go to San
Diego and then go all the back taxes
like I would be landing in Cleveland the
day of the game like on a few hours
before the game s I was an external
Network high school I instill Yannick
atanga later
you are late to the game of sensing the
mission the game so you have the point
yeah the right he said if there's even a
small delay since it's such a small
airspace I would be late to the game
from one small tiny and what let them do
son beginners anyway they're both are
literally all over the entire holidays
and when degrees before we just become
stupid for going all the way
but here we go yeah I think oops go back
good memories in the silicon comes to do
what they said in the hope you never
travel growth is riser chilling one day
getting up one day to see time and money
you will get a lot of job g-get me
always
what about Adam Adam our boy here with
me what's here is reason I think I think
out of the same way I would go back to
ten years ago because if you only trust
your barber that barber to get a fresh
cut then I go to I probably had to go to
send you all my god yeah see my family
and the barber and to just go back
that's having hours you think it's a lot
but it's gonna be fun chill because you
know you guys it together thank you
please came like I say though straight
to Cleveland because you don't
understand a soul going through security
all the time yeah we're gonna like your
needs hard
I'll just water now in those rich people
okay so three to two the brother brother
say that I should go all the way back to
San Diego and it goes people anything
everyone has good Allman Brothers I
could honestly go to Cleveland why not
try a little shop too much anyway uh-huh
Steve always been home so then that
leaves two reasons why you're going back
to San Diego under here family yeah to
fry haircut yeah they're copies and
stupid I need to get a pressure up
anyways does it have a Velcro right on
it
we know I really don't see the point in
you as far as time goes on to the pony
won't detect several of ours like
nothing we're going to get many
commodity got a few issues brainwash
what is he doing shuttle time last
factor when I sent it if you decide to
go to sleep indirectly plan you get one
that was like Jeff yeah he did say if I
stay here and then go straight to clean
I get to spend more time under
well you don't understand this pressure
it's taught like I mean if I'm flying
back to me go I didn't go to the air man
right now I gave it all right now um
there's a good what would you get every
time I go should God where would I get
time yeah I got a cup why are we going
here from Utah go come on let's go this
is what the family hears on the island
became tactical to a lot more of a shot
out of the air I love women
yeah yeah know that I talk about
thinking if I choose to go to Chicago I
ought to call my manager right now and
see if you can put me on a flight
tomorrow and I cancel the one that I
have going back for the one I keep weird
it's like a movie I only branded because
I'm always a brawl I'm all the people in
this 90 Street is a tantrum I don't
think right now I had all day to think
about good note and I was about to leave
on my way guys you guys want to help
everybody goes he goes very good I don't
like two minutes of the sizing really
and this is already five minutes of
footage so far yes yes no I'm cool I
hacked into somebody small I going to
this promotion I get sneakers or huge
okay let's put the wall carrots red I
need to make a decision right now I'll
let you guys know what I would I choose
huh hey no no that's perfectly fine um I
know you're probably going to kill me
right now but I was just wondering if
there was any way cuz I'm in Chicago
right now if there was any way I could
get put on a flight from Chicago to
Cleveland instead of go all the way to
San Diego and then all the way back to
people if you can't do that there's no
worries because I was talking to you the
whole time like on going back but if
there was any way I feel like it'd be
way more convenient but it's up to you
guys obviously so my Foreman to know I
kind of yeah if there's a first
opportunity happen okay the only thing
like I'm obviously not a lot of rush or
anything but I have my slide to go back
to San Diego in just hours so if you can
find out like a set that would be
perfect please and if they can't work
out
perfectly fine okay cool okay let me
give them a call thank you okay box so
it's okay not only of course you're
getting drops from my partnership after
this next phone call first but uh okay
you guys heard it if I am able to do it
then mom dad I'm sorry
I'm with saying Chicago for you I'm not
no okay no hey imma get it here mama rug
she said she missed you at me if he
doesn't go to you coz of them right here
I've told him to go yeah swear Angelo
the mommy on Commission no you said
don't go get it I see you for your
family don't go back outside go back
wait on the column and we'll update you
I want to myself a new CI no misses
every time she'll like you guys know I'm
gonna kill me I'll talk to your mom I'll
talk to your mom oh here's an ad from my
partnership and I also won't be able to
make Jackie haha okay
okay got away idly logging oh wait same
exact time I didn't even know okay I'll
just going to say got ten minutes later
I'm still waiting on an answer so we're
still here chillin I can hear everyone's
heart beat both imagine mine my heart's
like that's crazy it's crazy if you can
take it out something I'm gonna make a
big announcement vote oh my god oh I'm
still waiting I'm waiting on the call
let you guys know let me ask you is
there specific times if you can looking
at if I spot tomorrow
honestly it's such a so much more
flexible schedule because it's not the
day of the game so is it like a 100%
like for sure that there's at least I'd
be able to go on a flight tomorrow give
me like if we can have like another hour
here case time I got uh yeah I have my
fly is in an hour and a half and I just
don't only need a method this is my
fault
this is all my fault I was just like
throwing it out there at c2 as possible
let me get on the phone a second okay
okay thank you Thanks who's the debit
side of the world today is
hey got our genetic fondness for
shooting at school you think oh my god
Gilligan oh oh this is so he's Bobby
from your saga answer really replace
Bobby I'd like playboy admitted to my
plans yet no we should all leave go get
our luggage just in case so that if he
doesn't let you do that okay so the
update right now since yeah but we
aren't crazy bitch does feel like a
movie I swear Rodney's only having time
hey pics the idea next week so I'm
hoping let's go so what we're doing
right now is we're going to go down and
get our luggage or get mine and Jackie's
luggage just in case let me say
something
you guys all the girls you know how hard
it is to take off acrylic because it's
really glued to your nails it's giving
me such bad anxiety I took all of them
off I'll be hurt I just want to really
sweetie
what were you buying I just don't
understand why I couldn't think of this
earlier Lea we're going to go down and
get our luggage so that is the final
answer is Brandon we can't get you on a
flight to go to Cleveland and I can
already have my luggage freaking slide
to the airport and just get on my flight
okay hello
okay
what would that be a bad thing to do if
I chose to just buy my own ticket from
here to Cleveland I know this would be
my fault I'm not I'm not blaming it on
you guys
okay so I'll make a decision right now
and then either a moment okay let me
think on it like in like two minutes and
then I'll tell you right away okay thank
you okay thank you
and that smells funny okay thanks by the
way sorry to let you guys anyway really
okay thank you again I'm gonna decide
right now I am a hundred percent getting
jobs for my partnership in about ten
minutes so all you partnerships looking
for up-and-coming youtubers please I'm
right here lovely okay guys so we made
my final decision means and Jackie are
going to be staying one more night in
Chicago and we're going to go we're just
the devil hey I think we don't have to
go to that's an a were clubbing and they
told me to go back so we found an apply
for me and Jackie to go from here to
Cleveland it's only a one-hour flight so
I think seven hours would be much more
of a hassle
as far as Jackie goes wasn't even
supposed to close Jesse wasn't even
supposed to come so now my next task is
going to be talking to Jackie's mom and
trying to convince her like yo let's
just say I was on really really good
terms with her mom before this but after
this I'm not going to have a mother in
mind but I'll talk to her we made our
decision this is the lots of Pilates all
the way to the lab tech I always put
stress on myself that's why I have all
these wrinkles up right here and I'm
only 20
but Cleveland I'm going to see you dude
all right I'm now going to put the
flight guys literally in the lobby while
he's doing this look in gold laughs yeah
I already have my cards so I'm at 90 to
book the flight looks I'm so confident
that your mom loves me so much I'm just
gonna book it on the fly because I know
she loved me so much
you're gonna call them on let me blow
hello
hey mom I need to tell you something
okay scorpion so you know how to I'll do
that brain is going to the final since
we went okay with it I'm supply from
Chicago to Cleveland tomorrow because
it's easier it's like an hour so I think
I'm when I go squealing now the finals
is Wednesday but I'm just going to go to
Cleveland tomorrow
raining house I'm already well I'm not
I'm awesome versus it this is what
happens in your drinks tonight we're out
of them
we're lately no listen I'll FaceTime you
I'm serious
I'm in the lobby right now we're about
to leave or
well I'm blogger I'll tow it
also here all right it's suspenseful
because we're trying to get you to say
yes now you believe me more you can see
when I'm line so I swear I'm not so
where's our money mr. white that's it
for me buddy sorry there's no way that I
can make it to the airport which is wild
we're gonna go her job is expecting what
so that's good I'm going to be coming
back cool like next week oh my oh my mom
not moving into this house
she thinks I'm moving to Brandon's house
and telling her I'm sorry Cleveland mom
look look look Stuart we're booking
lucky my flyer
look I'm booking Jackie was live right
now we are crazy
mom I swear I'm not famous we buy his
house she thinks that we're just trying
to make an excuse Oh Jackie could spend
a couple nights on my house because
mommy and I don't keep Dennis what it
sounds like think oh my god you're going
to kidnap my daughter
no I'm away away OH with mom just
remember the talk that we had at the gym
me and her mom had a secret call got the
same without Jackie tell her mom loves
me look so you're lucky that you're in
Chicago right now what was I going to
say anything you're judging we got the
approval from her mom she got the days
off from work we're booking the flight
right now so now step 4 is to see if
they have any rooms available because we
need to stay one more night here and
guys let me just say this is all my
fault
like I'm not trying to pin this on
anybody else I'm not trying to say oh
well if la blah blah didn't do this and
that no this is completely my fault I
understand it I know I'm an idiot I'm
stupid I know I'm not trying to pin on
anyone else this is me myself and I it's
my fault I should have thought of this
earlier stuff on my cell phone number
should I say it on the phone yeah that's
probably when would put on the blog okay
so apparently Adam has some good news
for me I don't know what it is oh I know
no Brandon pain is Chicago tonight
and it's not going to do problems like
three four hours so about a basketball
court we can go to I'm a divorce is
overhead it really is 40 minutes away
and I pulled them that's so spring well
and I have my both asking hours right
hey I already have a ball with the plane
right now make your combo but I just pay
four bucks get it away after looking I
had to pay for my own flap I can't I can
do that on your knees me bro I can't
know for purchase for dogs perforated oh
I love that it went out of his way look
for a basketball court now I don't know
he's a vegetable for recreation center
then they just came up playing ball to
lunch
we need to check if they have a room
they don't camp
my room where do we go all day I would
sleep on the street I'd went through so
much stress and so much heartache I
might go sleep on the screen
oh my god sorry okay so everything was
starting to fall into place everything
looked like it was going well until we
found out that literally every single
hotel is like sold out every hotel is
booked everything around the area it's a
Monday on Monday night everything is
both it's weird so Adams helping me call
he's calling right now we're just trying
to we're trying to call plate trauma
area of course only for upper waters a
hotel would be booked on a Monday night
multiple hotels so I feel like we're
going to end up sleeping on the floor of
this hotel I don't care I'll sleep on
the floor okay
we're too deep now we already missed the
flight back to San Diego so we can't
change our mind now okay we're going to
keep looking for hotels I'll check if
you can stay in the festival is my way I
would say in the backlog for Adam and
all of them are such great people that
trust because they have two rooms booked
they want to give me a Jackie one room
and then all of them would leave in one
room together I feel bad I don't know I
don't know I'm not doing that
I'm not doing this voting room I'm not
doing that golden guys we're going to do
it Jackie to show everyone better but I
want to go friend in the room again you
want to know who's not down at time they
pay for the room dish down I do for my
other people you have two kids both and
you already have enough to pay for them
Celine in room 3 game games me it was
always an elevator still yeah he owns
about positive things and what was
coming awesome my mom raised me
differently I'm not kicking them out of
it yeah now I'm all right now
mommy's home we're not gonna sleep
nothing at all man no no I know okay
okay fine but the only way I'm going to
take it is that one you guys come to San
Diego you're all sleeping in our new
house and I'm asleep on the floor
Oh
our family resemblances absolute in the
street you can't what am I gonna do I
don't know some things are like hustle I
just feel bad oh I feel bad every motel
sold out yeah I don't get one homeless
Busey could be home another problem I
can do it too we're getting lucky this
is my journey just like you said I found
Adam bellowing effort you know all you
guys oh nice puzzles done they don't we
stick together always literally
insurance always it's a Middle Eastern
fever over here shout out to them I
really couldn't find a room we called a
bunch of hotels okay and now the final
step we got everything else cleared I
got to call my mom that's the final step
I got to call my family because she was
expecting me to go home so mom I love
you
Bosley I miss you dad
Ryan hammies I don't know just what did
you guys decide it decided nipple
plastic people one room nipples gonna
sleep in a tub we sleep in the bathtub
Road my name is all that cows so when
it's your best and that's know about me
and Jackie share the bathtub they me and
you share the bathtub who you we're down
we're down to deal with all the stress
of course Jackie comes to Starbucks you
couldn't deal with all the stress
without a coffee huh Jackie loves the
Starbucks so much I don't drink coffee I
just I don't like it but Jackie's in
love with Starbucks okay guys so this
was for sure one of the wildest most
stressful you know last-minute decisions
I've ever done the biggest factor that
had me changed my mind was the dude was
right what if I had a little delay what
is my flight got delayed just a little
bit and I want to mix the NBA final game
because what happened when we came here
to Chicago or Flygon Jala we had a
two-hour delay and the thing was if I
went all the way back to San Diego and
then through to Cleveland I was going to
be arriving in Cleveland
two hours before the game starts two
hours before the game starts and that's
just when the flight
so imagine you know you got to get up
you got to get your baggage you got to
come to the hotel you got to you know
get ready and then get it uber to the
arena imagine just a slide layout of mr.
game and it didn't help that our flight
already got delayed on the way here so
it was already in my mind so he's right
now if I do this I can go to Cleveland a
whole day earlier but right now mom
you're about to be in the vlog I'm about
to call my mom and I feel really bad I
miss my mom I love her I haven't seen
her in like I haven't seen her in five
days there's a longer vacation and my
brother and my dad everybody there
Bosley hami my mom's not going to
believe
so my mom is answer right now but mom
just know that I wanted to come home I
had plans to come home but then I
thought about it and I'm right here you
know Chicago's here Cleveland's here
City it goes all the way back there and
then like I'm saying the whole thing
about the delay you can't risk like one
teeny tiny delay and the game starts at
7 p.m. and my flight looking to land at
5 p.m. on the same day it's just way way
too risky
there are so many things that could
happen at an airport or with a flight
that can just mess your time up so mom
dad Brian I'll see you guys in a little
bit I love you I miss you I really do
this is the longest I've ever been away
from home and I haven't even left to
Cleveland imagine when all those dates
pile up so it's going to be crazy I
haven't left home for this long ever in
my life I haven't been this far away
from my family and you guys could call
me a baby you got to tell me oh you know
you need to grow up all that I don't
care I'm a family man I love my family I
love my mom dad my brother and I can't
live without them so me being far away
from them for this long is really really
crazy as far as Jackie's mom
thank you for letting her come with me
to the truth and as far as Adam and
slamming all of God's all of them they
showed us like so much love and so much
hospitality this whole trip and now to
top it off they gave us their room it's
just crazy honestly me and Jackie are
still trying to convince Danielle will
sleep on the floor you know we'll find
another hotel
you guys sleep here and they won't do it
many times you bribed them yeah they're
just they're super hospitable so thank
you guys so much for that and it's going
to be a really fun night
Adam shoutout to hand eat on the
basketball court so we're about to go
play anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed I mean what is there to enjoy
I'm pretty sure all you guys were like
stretching out from this video and it's
not even you imagined me this is just
crazy I always put myself in positions
like this and like I said earlier in
this video I'm not delusional
it's my fault I understand it's my fault
for everyone who wants to make me like
granted you couldn't have thought of
this yesterday or last week or even this
morning I had to think about at this
time so if you're watching this video
and you are not yet subscribed please go
and do so it helps out so so much I love
you guys all thank you so much for
video loss laws I love you this trip has
been amazing and it's just going to keep
continue to get better and I'm getting
really really good feedback and support
from the vlogs while I've been on this
vacation so the one good thing about me
not going back home and just continuing
this journey continuing this vacation is
that you guys have been really loving
the videos you guys have been enjoying
the video and one of the main priorities
I have in life it's pleasing you guys so
hopefully you guys enjoyed this vlog and
you're going to enjoy the vlogs in
Cleveland of the NBA Finals and it's
going to be crazy what happened today
like with all this hectic you know
stress and last-minute decisions that
literally describes my life like if you
ever want to know Oh who's bonus you
know what's his life like it's this
video this video summed up is my whole
lifestyle no guys anyways we're about to
go play some basketball and go Suns you
know look at this it's 4:30 7:00 in the
morning and I swear I can't go to sleep
because I just keep thinking about my
haircut appointment I just keep thinking
like even if I fall a little bit into
sleep I did I just wake up
