what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka but waters and it's actually really
really early right now the game is just
starting to a couple hours but you guys
already know real shooters shoot so I
had to wake up early what up guys who's
taking the W today looks better than my
last long then we'll shooters don't
sleep three-point contest champs don't
sleep what a both we got teammates right
here we got opponents over there
we don't want mope with them look at
that miss and like I said not
everybody's out here it's still early oh
oh I'll try to edit that to make it go
in we got ponies right here see they
don't even take a serious brother
dancing I'm talking to your camera for
you that's true I'm speaking to you from
my cam I'm not speaking to you about how
cool
yeah we wanted to save it for the game I
don't want to hype up the opponent but I
heard big things right here he's acting
like he doesn't hear me but he knows he
could play watch okay not heard big
things about you guys you can't trick me
well thank you bro I appreciate that
sod on junior damn Jackie ain't a real
shooter I said real shooters don't sleep
babe
she's still sleeping I woke up went to
the shoot around on my shots up talk
some trash to the competition met up
with my teammates and here we have the
girlfriend still asleep okay guys the
game is finally here the whole reason I
came to Chicago while all the - has been
about the game is finally here I really
like our team so I like our chances of
winning dream crew will right away I
talked to Cox we actually changed the
name it's called dream crews son so
dream cruise son we're ready Chicago we
want to put on a show for you guys we
hope you have a lot of fun and my first
sneaker call my friend - classic game
let's go I told you at least one of the
days for a sneaker con I had to walk in
with my Nike slides at least one of the
days I just want to say that I came to
sneaker Con and walked in with my Nike
slippers
I picked up I'm gonna do something
go go go go
I love you guys we shared lots of room I
don't care nothing with my pony one
concert applause I want you to put your
hand up through the game I'm the
greatest on
she got so excited for one is a lot is
oh thank you
ah 100
hot spot ready genomic split defenders
during the game I was behind my students
so the opposing team brought us pizzas
on purpose trying to get a flow of fat
before the game three-point contest
champ are you going to bring that to the
game like that oh you got the trader the
trader big deal a mixer to time how you
feel
new time MVP bro
not just a Latino alone unfulfilled
Steve Nash two-time MVP
make it three hey I'm just not the
pretty boys showed up
one two the pretty boys showed up
together finally they were doing their
hair and everything
Hey look at the cakes everybody got on
and everybody got them nice cakes on and
then you got the dope I really got good
traction on step here I could grow there
so like I could jump behind you you tell
us what's on your feet okay right now
we're running so $4,000 aha rocky
crystals fishing way but in a way oh hey
I gotta take some Pig milk
so you got to take me shopping one day
okay now you better come enjoy I thought
that I meant keeping good you guys thank
you both to buy I'm down thank you I'll
get it
thank you bro that's my boy right there
ready
Lena what are you thinking about more
this game or game to game hey we gonna
grill the right hash 38 you hold off
those legs out excuse me I'll pay the
celebrant oh you're not so it doesn't
run in the family
booty who's taking the W
luckily like do you think options and
because for mama rug and because the
mama run and what about faith drugs you
got me Phaedra yeah but there are Jimmy
Butler what do you have to say jump
don't fall out we triple doubles Oh Oh
what to what you go whooping what kind
of shoes I can't handle though they're
like hey guys this is so crazy
okay
how are we feeling in the crowd today
the pressures on I love them they're
great
watch this
what detail the plan now
how do you feel right now already
brother cloud is so hot right now it's
crazy I'm ready to play
hey guys right now it's
Oh
Oh
maybe your passes are crazy
and I need a win 14:46 that we're down
to
yeah
Hey
then
Oh
okay
No
human
being from
Oh
I think my voice
big
hey shower the 99% down he's gotta close
it out over normal horse reports over
time now we got to get the way
three-point contest champ are you going
to bring that to the game be the right
hat
that's not my eyes recorder I saw him
open for one second
by the way I'm Julia
a cat cat
for clutch Miami as soon as I thought
open your open for what less than a
second yeah well he was wrong I
literally fell you open for half a
second I threw that match I knew you
were gonna make like a who is that shape
I know you're gonna make it like right
and we got just everything go crazy game
so we're all timing the ball right now
to give them away to the fans my
autograph seems to be long closed by now
since we have to thank so many I just
made a new one on the spot like a short
one but anything is this B hey my
autograph well my whole name
let me just say I've never played ball
with oh wait stop
and the place here we cannot show you
drop 30 a lot of videos before that's
why all these are your three times and
BP Frieza why do you was born out all
games and the guy stepped up as an
answer
this guy he jumped over me at least like
three times waiters down I'll be up
there I go board and I'll do some more
come on give it up the other team -
Shippo Shippo yes'm for three years off
the game hey rich - coach this guy was
playing while he was fasting and yg won
MVP while they were passing overhead
he's not crazy
hey this end if you look at the
scoreboard you won't see much but if you
watch the game all hostile are your
he'll make it this w kludge bro it's not
always about the desk he knows how to
play I don't know if mighty things on
Kauai or Tremont but they have me on
game half the game and then they had me
on tray half the games I try bro I'm
trying to get I got to go pull up on one
of those open I'm not going out to LA
all right I don't know what wouldn't you
been watching or why you think I was
Kauai or Defensive Player of the Year
every time out okay everybody you get
Jake you can't ray I'm like all right
bro I'm not really like you can know
it's come on I'm late so it looks like I
could play the alcohol I feel good Road
so I was I'm a horrible defendant right
be good undefeated in the boost cutting
my man right here coming out to LA yeah
I'll be there in LA
hey why'd they take the basket down ball
I was still trying to play
here's a sticker girl yeah we take a
dunk right now look down there
hey everyone goes tired limping on my
brother let's play some more they tore
the baskets down and I'm just standing
here like yo I'm trying to play why'd
you guys take them down
so now I'm trying to find a local James
to go play at you can act it's about to
be crazy in my there the secret routes
go behind the bleachers they they said
it's going to be really really crazy so
we're going the back way right now come
on dude I like this traitor I like you
I'm stopped robbing thank you with all
this they're all going I see you guys
come into the room with us yes I promise
hi mate we really want to taste yeah
unfortunately you don't have any food or
anything
sadly it gets a little bit here it gets
hectic like yeah it gets really really
hectic and then there's my first time I
want to do things so it's just
overwhelming but I'll be back I saw my
boy right here and then the two boys up
front
I apologize for playing like shape
9-point that's not good but we got the
Wayne we got the W that's all that
mattered shout-out to Kai SWA G all of
them boys good job
