oh let me just tell you what's like
happening today I'm so excited
Antipholus telling me it's going to be
crazy and unreal how many people I'm
going to meet right even yesterday just
walking around downtown Chicago like
outside I literally met like 30 people
yeah just like everywhere I walk on is
crazy like that's why I can't wait for
it today I'm just going to meet like a
bunch of fans so that's already cool
number one then after that Ryan is the
dress like that's when they're going to
dress the team I know so right now I
don't even know which team I'm on
there's two coaches and they're going to
draft so I want to see what number I get
picked imagine I get to size yourself
right imagine I adopted last oh my mind
you won't this is the biggest thing I'm
excited about you won't even believe it
so I didn't even know this because
nobody told me they said they wanted to
surprise me with it
but there's a three-point contest like
with the racks and every yes and like
with a Moneyball and like just like the
NBA but not everybody's playing in it
and they surprise me it's like I just
found out they surprised me and told me
that I'm playing in the three-point
contest
yeah and that's today I just changed
we're about to go I'm just going to meet
a bunch of like people watch my videos
so that's going to be crazy imagine how
many pictures I'm going to take my smile
is going to be permanent but I'm not
going to be able to move my mouth after
and then right after that is the draft
like that's already cool and then the
three-point contest is like the main
event today you know did you like steak
easy okay Bryan you bitch we have to go
we're about to leave this is my first
time ever at sneaker Con I have no idea
what to expect and the draft I want to
see which team I get put on where I got
drafted that's going to be crazy
and honestly I'm not gonna lie I was a
little nervous but but now that I am a
sneakerhead
I'm actually sick a mess
I am I'm a sneakerhead I'm a sneakerhead
spam now that I'm a sneakerhead you know
I just feel like I'm part of the crew
I'm not even nervous I'm just gonna walk
up in there like yo what up sneakerhead
so you guys already know my beautiful
girlfriend here is going to be your hair
is hot Oh Mike so my girlfriend is going
to be filming everything and I will have
everything up for you in this video you
guys know me I like to give you guys the
full experience so for everybody who
couldn't make it to Chicago I want to
make this vlog feel like you're right
here with me sama try my best and it's
time to go to my first ever sneaker con
Who am I know basketball shorts oh wait
I'm lying because look what I have under
the jeans I have the boxers than the
basketball shorts I might be a sneaker
head now but there's so little bit of
robotics left in me so I do wear
basketball shorts under my jeans so I
was like you gotta put some heat on my
feet cut and he told me to pick these
ones out so shout out to Christ sunny
San Diego oh wait we're in Chicago I
forgot sorry by the way you already know
I'm repping my boy out here in Chicago
people really thought I was going to
wear something else to sneaker Conda and
you know the shoes that I'm wearing to
the game I'm weighing my Devin Booker
sly your boots is because it's so funny
not Mac is going to be a seed to come
because I'm telling you I don't know
anything about shoes like you might
think I'm exaggerating oh you know a
little bit about shoes now I don't know
anything about shoes nothing you watch
my videos you want to be in the vlog say
whatever
you already know essentials for the
girlfriend before we leave she needed
her coffee how proud I am I'm so excited
and you look super exactly hope you have
a great day
any anytime basketball is involved with
the day then it's a great day thanks fan
I don't mean to call you fan but now
that I'm a sneakerhead it has to come
out
my fellow sneaker heads just pulled up
how you guys doing fellow sneaker heads
good
I'm ready brawls hopping it up this
morning I was telling Brian all about
over the phone that he wanted to look
for any human well he said oh what are
you bringing me back what do you rate
the outfit bro honestly if he has the
shoes from yesterday off a little bit
like four seven eight nine eight or now
guys to me it feels like I'm all fitting
like a tuxedo and everything now because
I never wear jeans it makes me feel so
dressed up like I'm like I'm wearing a
tux and a tie and everything even though
I only have just jeans on hey guys
faster looking at my fellow speaker has
I found out there's no dress code for
the stick I found out I don't need to be
waiting team yeah now now I gotta wash
my bath Buster was always I thought
there was a dress code you know like you
guys tell him I may even get one picture
wait let me just get one picture of you
okay so you guys might literally that
annoying girlfriend looks
it's so rare proper water to wear jeans
yeah I know so much you know there buddy
well the second I found out we don't
have to wear jeans you already know what
I got under I got my basketball shorts
and what did he do
I finally feel like robotic again you're
the hard hard couple minutes with those
jeans on but now back to myself
Phillip sneaker head above the water
wait put the watch back on you can wear
the watch yeah you can
it's either all fancy or nothing I don't
go hat now well this is insane all we
see is over there we can't even see the
end of it and it goes all the way
through have you guys seen the movie
anaconda bro this is literally the snake
and it goes all the way down past down
there bro waiting in line at any and
damn forward here last night
oh they were camping this is only
outdoor there's a huge line inside -
where's the sneakerhead entrance
I can never have up on the right I'm
ready
voice breaking God look at that and this
is all
we just walked in like we're like two
feet away from the north and all they're
just crazy we haven't even set for I
don't even know how long have summer
things but I can't move there's so many
people but I love y'all everybody say hi
on the fan page I love that
you guys I don't know where Brandon
booth is but we still have it loose with
the doors so I'm about subscribe I don't
know I think you have to go down there
so watch one take it over yo guys so
here's the engine
welcome to my death and this is how
close come I literally really like 10
cent I literally can't get past two
there's so much love right now thank you
guys so there's what it's good luck be
in jail look at this man skirt that left
mine alien looks a little it looks a
little tight dude yeah hey guys so we
just got kicked out of the place we were
at raise money I want to vote money kick
I'm out tomorrow doing today I'm going
to say are you on the washer game we got
only like a couple minutes ballsy to
teach me okay so we got everybody
after getting kicked out I'm trying to
find a place to post up that but we're
getting stop like every session is
awesome oh yeah you guys maybe get
selfish way more
No
I have no idea where we're going but uh
we're going somewhere and we're moving
we got the blood flow behind us so I
trusted you guys tell me where to go yo
guys so these dudes what did you guys
just do wrong did you thank you so much
they just surprised me oh ho ho
I would I went to sneaker he'll be saw
on the floor so they surprised me with
eat I thought it was a snake when you're
jumping attack I was on a run bro thank
you so much
okay guys I had to come in the back
really quick I hope people saw me water
- yeah so I came back here to chill with
the boys for a little bit well it's been
crazy so far well it took me like 30
minutes to get from the entrance ten
steps in it was crazy
yeah I've been walking around for like
an hour there's been people and non-stop
so I just think this is crazy
people are showing so much love and it's
yeah I appreciate it so much
my first Mika Khan has been so so good
and it's just getting started but I am
human so I needed a little breather so I
came to the back I forgot how to stop
smiling because I took so many pictures
today I decided to take like a
two-minute break
I'm telling you an hour to an hour and a
half of great just taking pictures you
guys are awesome for watch quad the
better let's hear Jackie's opinions on
this
got so we're about 10 minutes from the
draft and so I'm going to make one last
lap to try to meet everybody that's here
that watches my video so I'm going to
make one last lap around the whole thing
and then it's time for the draft to
start babe you know I really forgot how
to not smile like I can't okay we'll
make one more lap take pictures and then
it was your 13th birthday yeah I saw the
pictures oh it was her 13th birthday
yesterday and we got pleated ditch
pictures because that was her birthday
cake and we meet her person but they
asked her so thank you for that I like
the cake okay look at her wallpaper
okay me and Bryan and then orange and
purple nails she got the hoodie truth
did you save me a slice of cake you save
me a slice of cake what did the face did
you guys save my face so we're on our
way to the dress right now well hey now
I feel at home
you guys the gang is all here we ready
bit all right we got everything here
well it's just so crazy right now
there's like thousands of people I swear
there's so many people yeah it was a
good crazy though then you got the high
piece models come on high P now I'm
low-key nervous about the three-point
contest I swear I finally feel at home
though on the court
that one just surprised me with
something so dope I can't even believe
it but this fan right here it's great
away the Devin Booker collapse you can't
cover the favor this is great everyone
clap wait is that everyone's motto yo I
didn't know phase Road came on the trip
rug what up rug
what's up phase rug I swear I thought
you were my brother bro you I literally
turned back and I was like wait Brian
sup guys hey wait dead does he look like
Brian or no wrong I got so happy I was
like wait for I came on the trip meeting
Brian lights and more Jane
without a start the draft we're going to
see which team we're gonna get put on we
have no idea what we're going to do a
live trap you look good
you nervous inside any a little bit I
want to see you welcome to come again I
know I do
you can't look up lost rats online for
these times are you aware projected to
go man we're about to get an interview
with the projected number one overall
paper and this year dress there's been a
lot of hype around Lou we got lawns
going Martello yeah a lot of high for
these two coming out of schools like if
I fall my you
all right I got the number one thing I
thought about this all night long should
I drink up together
all right with the quickness
damn you're playing on the same team
I've been dreaming of the time in my
whole laundry and everything Zelda
Cheers
and I'm gonna be throwing lobster this
tie right here we open I not not bad I
got Thursday about that
tobert y yd who's winning so far with
these rosters huh they took Ahmed from
the dream crew - that's harsh bro I
thought you're going to be with a sigma
way bro you had to do it just dropped it
playing ball let's go
he wasn't even on the roster I need two
teams like in Italy I thought he gets
drafted Ivan on the roster so he's with
them right now we got Adam with our last
big we got Adam so we got Adam flame hua
ji oh my gosh the Middle East plus LSK
right now the Middle East was Ellis cage
for money chief wants me to teach him
how to play Hey it's hard though the
games just about to start
funny cake you're supposed to learn over
time let me just warn you - Chinese tea
times over 21 years and I'm still dead
like pull up get it down walk away let
me get in there
yeah I wanna fumble there's everybody go
soccer player hey guys look getting
ready for the three points
I gotta get off I got to control my
addiction I'm just I'm feeding it for
some basketball but I got I see your
itching
okay one more talking are you G here's
what people don't know they think you
know I'm gonna go out three-point
contest with these all right Oh fun Oh
literally loses wait let me ask my girl
is it he your favorite reseller yeah is
he my girl's favorite retailer is either
fire people we have a high resale zoos
uh-huh there's no favorite yo guys so we
got the three-point contest starting
here I'm sitting here with some of my
competition
three-point are just come on Pam how
ready are you to keep forgetting your
own these already there it is aluminum I
use and finally so yes but I just want
to take off our ties taking me third in
the draft a lot of pressure then a lot
of planning a lot of pressure a lot of
pressure but we're ready bro we're ready
I told you I didn't know where I was
projected to go so when I heard my name
it's like you know as a kid growing up
anything true bro the reason I live my
life was for this moment get gravity
well the dream come true I do it for my
city sending my family my mom I told you
I'll make it to the league mom shut up
within men either morning devin booker
cornet it's the same jersey one you got
lined up right now
and a lot of people would be like you
know don't distract me I'm watching the
game you know I'm trying to enjoy the
game for me I love these people someone
get us stop wanting anything we can
change that's almost a large part of
your life
hey guys Fran is getting ready for Boise
Utah baby now I'm ready we got thousands
of people watching a little nervous but
it's all good Sam babe your skin looks
good today
he's glowing says he knows he's going to
play Brandon it's a really really
special
and that's what's reference little over
some of us even though I was another one
that's what I'm talking about
chop salad is really team Brandon just a
so nibiru ready bro he said his team you
owe this man is literally like I'm here
to touch this up this is all before the
contact or the contact goes on okay ice
bucket comes out before the concert he
made a tweet before the content I want
before the caucus but really colleague
you got gonna fire you got an exam and
you don't hey hey your honor that deep
ties I'm good
Hey
amazing
prominent role
what are you going to do my man
and I didn't get to finish because the
time right now okay later
you did your best wait how many of you
guys really good why are you a many
come on
we both got ten no no but we know for
sure Tyson's getting ten so he's out and
you can point it funny
let's see flame from the wing
yeah
yeah so then it's like okay slim oh okay
come on say hey the time gets in your
head huh Eve that for slim you blending
up for really you got a jumper
J got a jumper watch that line now what
is that I mean we thought 10 was
mantle's by between 10 came the 7/4 so
we're in the talk to right now time all
the time yeah can't get to your head off
but we were stressing over tamp I think
oh the reason you ain't clutching I mean
instead of this isn't it coke now bro
but the Kobe the Kobe weirdoes oh we're
good
hi the master hi Pete both those are too
high you're getting closer to the hoop
time can save over yes we're tied for
first me why Gianna
baby
I'll break up
it's the chain effect it's cause you're
wearing the chain
oh why do you what you have full wonder
was it 12 oh I had nine so he putting me
under phone oh my god
okay so I need both of them not to get 9
I mean you not to get 9 9 how much you
want I'll slide you under the table I
choked so bad in the beginning along
hi retarded
Jeremy y'all we tied moving out ice to
get less than nine we do we need time to
joke I love guys that's my boy but I'm
running against him right now bro
knock the elbow modest high stock me out
it brought it Lupin if you had another
chance go to man game over just like a
we all want second advertising
I'm out Rajiv earth-type championship
right here am i salty yes Oh 18 seconds
left
Oh daddy you gonna lose on the four five
yeah I know I know I promised you some
years if you let him win
get up you three
it's an egg anything it's the matter
okay guys so everybody left the event
over but since I did so bad in the
three-point contest I'm staying and
shooting I don't back to the room I'm
staying and shooting because I did so
bad okay guys I want to end this video
by saying that I will never ever ever
speak about that three-point contest
ever again
because I choked I did good in the first
round and then second round I just
started off way too bad I couldn't get
my rhythm so how about we never mention
that again please and thank you but
congrats my boy time for taking home the
wind in his Air Mags you know now -
sneakerhead I appreciate the shoes that
he was wearing and enough about that
let's get to the game I just want to say
I really really like our team I think I
stood a really good job drafting X we
have LSK we have x Adam Slayer Y Z
myself and we also picked up cash in
free agency so cash didn't get drafted
but I thought another free agent and I
said yo guys pick up cash I feel like
we've got a perfect blend of shooting
with title to the three-point champions
watch II could shoot Adam could shoot we
have sides with lfk and slim we have
defense with cash I know the other team
they have Kate genius and and split them
up they have Trey and J but I think we
should be fun I really really like our
team and I want to throw a couple I'll
use two lfk throwdown so anyway I can't
wait for tomorrow I'm really really
excited and it was crazy meeting all you
guys today did you guys see that did you
see everybody there it was crazy my
heart felt so warm when I'll be honey
not so thank you so much for that but
now it's Showtime we're about 12 hours
from the game I've been counting down
dream crew we're about to take the W
let's go guys and remember I'm opposed
to full game up tomorrow so I can't wait
to show you guys that unless we lose
then I'm not uploading now under joking
eyes a a 30-plus minute vlog while I'm
on vacation for you guys I feel like
honestly this was one of my best laws I
feel like it was really entertaining
there was so much going on and I really
like the way came out definitely one of
my favorite blogs on the channel so if
you guys want to drop the like share it
with your friends go ahead actually wait
don't share it because of the
three-point contest so I don't want a
lot of people to see it but now guys
it's just been really fun in Chicago
hanging with all the boys oh yeah
quick shout out to Adam happy birthday
Adam he turns 24 so Kobe's number I just
want to give him a little quick birthday
shout out we've gone really
over the trips so yeah it was his
birthday last night we got to get this W
for Adam that's what we need to win this
game for for the birthday boys I promise
you guys I wouldn't miss a single day
lols on vacation everybody tell me bro -
take your vacation and don't upload you
don't have to put videos out for us
while you're on vacation but I promise
you guys everyday while I was in Chicago
I would get logged up for you guys and
that's exactly what I'm doing
30 plus minutes log I hope you guys
enjoyed it
