2:30 a.m. seven and a half more hours
until what till the showdown okay don't
act brand-new you know what's happening
that's it right here Bo I'm not taking
my jumpers from right here oh yeah
I'll give you these words Alma say Bo
get a good night's sleep
no excuses unless unless look if the
floor ends up being wet tomorrow then
huh my fault
oh don't worry about you know many local
gyms are around here hop in the car oh I
got guests - don't worry bro you're not
you're not getting out of this one uh
and I heard him I heard him oh I'm
sleeping on the floor I could use out an
excuse for my back I heard that my god
better be awake I didn't drive down here
for nothing who's it from stepping on
the corn no small talk no good morning
know how are you we're playing a game
and I see it okay they parked the car
over there I'm pressed to block that oh
let me guess Susie oh I lost the keys I
don't know where the key does everyone
have to say there huh huh I got a tow
truck to move it if we have to I don't
wanna look at my competition don't worry
no good morning no nothing to say to the
court I didn't want to look at my son
with Madonna you ain't even allowed in
my auto okay guys so usage is warming up
right now but he said he doesn't want me
to watch him because he doesn't want to
scare me away he said to jump it's so
good that if I watch him warm up I would
have want to claim anymore
so I'm a respected you just want me to
watch him warm up song saying right here
is okay if you want okay let's go and
see the competition what are we working
with here
oh wow that's crazy
stop wait hey what hey usually when I
hear these kind of sounds they're a
bunch of misses I'm not looking but I
was like I was talking that shit huh
maybe how are we feeling it was a made
layup I heard a mainland he's already
out of breath you guys spot me Lily
I didn't want to show up empty-handed so
I brought you Syst something that
no pressure but one of the best phoenix
up to ever wear this jersey no price
Charles Barkley baby little go so we got
a whole school
got a little new poetry on down it's
going down all right first player on the
court
coming in at six foot six shooting guard
from where Devin Booker from from
Kentucky whoa Oh where's frogs barking
so Charles Barkley from Auburn Aubrey we
got Charles Barkley from Auburn let's go
you don't play around
Neela's word please go by the way we're
playing for $500 up the ante yesterday I
forgot to mention
so if Posey beats me I'll be giving in
$500 to donate towards during that he's
going on so and that's going straight to
somebody who's in need so let's go I'm a
play for that right now
so where did this come from where'd this
come from I found in your pocket so
rugged the ref right here and they were
hanging out last night and I found this
in rugs pocket this is a 500 you paid
him 500 for a game for a hundred
whatever great bro no we didn't I didn't
know the hell it was what
I'm just playing around God and so what
this money is for and last night I
promised you six that if he beat me well
for those who don't know he's going on a
journey right now helping out a lot of
those in need whatever we get were given
back to people so if I get this right
now is going back to somebody on the
streets in media five hundred bucks used
to beat me it's all his we're going to
donate to somebody who needs it out
there first of all let me just say that
YouTube came into my city I'm just
chilling at home you know editing my
video and I get a tweet i'ma come to San
Diego to bust you up and I said oh yeah
so he came down here but there was one
stipulation drug is the rest so I want
to see what they know about shocking
we're gonna play a house rat song yeah
we're gonna play a clean game did you
see what he tweeted now to you guys up
damn have a good game of living so we're
playing up to eleven ones and twos two
pointers are back here that's it watch
out afar a little bit i'ma let you shoot
four balls let's go baby
football kind of if you hear balawi
I'll even stretch I didn't stretch
that's another thing only three games I
want to do come to level 10 I didn't
stretch it in it like you know I carry a
lot so we're gonna have to like to pass
that sometimes around security I need it
there I need you right now I need to 11
it so much I'm sorry I wonder with that
one okay oh my knees all my heart
let's go baby hmm Wow four two
I suppose Wow
Law of Attraction welcome a bit wilted
hi
baby what's going on right you told me
you have a jumper I'm having talk after
oh my gosh you guys I'm sweating right
now
what's over
hey morning how are we doing sound okay
I'm choking pretty bad I feel like the
inner fanboy of fouseytube it's coming
out of me now no excuses it's 8:00 -
why'd you guys keep tweeting me what did
you guys know jumper foot so you have no
jumper he's knocking jumpers down easily
and even the ones he's missing are
barely coming out I think he told all
his broad bros to tweet to me saying he
doesn't have a jumper 8 - I'm losing a
lot to come back right now how I feeling
dizzy hey I'm doing so lucky he still
does not help bad it's over
I was gonna keep it off but I'm coming I
am I losing sorry guys sorry broader
snaps I'm Lulu where's the ho why
just like a Tribble did you go away no
let's go away that element useful
feature to copy the national team oh
this is your fault
he's taken it out on me Wow not gonna
lie my heart stops for a little bit like
one second you're fully coming out
oh really 909 for what if you feel old
our here
oh damn hmm I knew I should give him the
prey
oh come on that's one quarter benefit I
live here for three days three days whoa
how many excuses can their makeup in one
video
Naoko rewind the click no called online
oh don't lie nine-nine
the ideas in mine right you can I make
one shot over wireless yes what is it
why why you think a big next hot for
Devin Booker straight up by the way
don't look like straight up by the way
no with my treat ha why no not that
oh that would bite you yeah oh come on
alright fine
so what we do that player count the shot
count it Conan's breeder okay so what
happened was yes I made the shot so I
got 11 but who's he thought we were
playing win by two so me being the good
sport that I am I agreed to not only
play but win by two but to wave off the
shot so that shot even though I made it
you didn't count so no point nine to ten
that's sportsmanship
oh oh that's so lucky that's so lucky
ah I need to be anything not a drop on
one foot and I don't think so I don't
think uh I think I'm describing
I honestly didn't even did my first ever
reppin game of my walk all the way what
I had not pivot and then you switch
you're pretty I can't do that now go
once you get your pivot my bad I'm here
together but I'm saying to the rest
College all the right didn't call it
that's why we're gonna have a talk okay
for it wrapped it in college so what
doesn't 110 let's go go with the
champagne we get this hugging ribbon you
quizzes really breaking there's a
dreamer where there's a great time to be
alive
really really $500 on a meal really yeah
I promise you it
yo this is going out to people right now
yo I like going up in all seriousness
this right now is going out we're going
to go and do so much good with this and
I just want you to know that was all
thanks to broaden so review the footage
guys let me know if I did travel and I'm
gonna have to come back and double or
nothing hey either way travel or not he
outplayed me 11:9 I give him props you
started what a - no 99 you started nine
max I'll be very dilute yet again we I
had some super shots - excuse me guys
I'm gonna go throw up
yo straight up shout out to this man he
paid up the money that he put up like it
was nothing like most people what I said
like if they got to travel they were
cussed me out until I kept going he
didn't even peep he said alright wasn't
traveling he handed me the money so of
course and shit I respect what they're
doing I respect what he's doing with the
money I know where it's going well i'ma
need you to take that out I can't see
someone to just beat me in a Sun Jersey
doesn't no one's there
let's go b-but you Buddha where you are
let's go so go get my boy on us on the
team I'll be give you more than problems
not just like so anyways I just want to
give a shout-out to you sir for coming
down here and playing first of all I
hope you had a great time I had the best
time and your family is super hospitable
they took care of us they fed us it was
a great night it felt like he was one of
my cousin's I can do me man we just vibe
right away we're eating and everything
so this also I want to say I respect
what he's doing with his whole journey
respecting as a youtuber as a person and
not gonna like me and Bryan we were
sampling a little bit when we met him
but on the board with all eyes all
competition all business on the court it
was appreciate him coming down if you
guys want to check out his YouTube
channel in case you don't know who this
man is
rude in case you don't I'm gonna leave
the link in the description down below
go get him - 10 million subscribers hey
I know appreciate that
well it has to tell Tyson we just
conscious fault he messaged me last
night booty has no jumper follow ball
I'm like okay he spend with some conkers
wait call him on your phone in the
office about it because tonight so well
after he finds out that booty be me he's
probably not even going to meet up with
me dang that's a service looks like Chi
hi don't tell me one Bronco yeah let's
involve nice guys look $500 Lola Lola
well I'm not buying any easier anything
anymore at those fucking speaker causes
bro no no one-on-one baby I went in the
post so he bullied me down low I felt
like a little Katie going up with his
muscles I say pick up you system to the
Brandon front speaker hopefully this
doesn't affect my draft position for a
speaker cause any kind exposed him and
then you're gone he had to face time I
had to face I mean so you know he's not
taking the jersey off one day with me
and I converted into a son span
I apologize while you're in for a couple
bad seasons oh yeah okay guys look at
this I finally made it back home after
playing Yusef one-on-one and I need to
pack because I'm leaving to Chicago
sneaker con and let me just say uses
was a pleasure meeting you with a
pleasure hanging out with you even me
and my mom were talking she said she
sees you out like her third son me Brian
and you shout out to you I respect you
real cool real humble and I respect what
you're doing with helping those in need
and I'm going to say this really quick I
know a lot of people aren't going to
believe me
actually I know most of you guys aren't
going to believe me but I'm going to say
anyways that $500 was going to go to
youtube whether I won or lost I know it
Jackie knows it Brian knows it I was
going to give him the money whether I
won or lost I know buddy guys aren't
going to believe me
but I respect what he's doing I really
do and I think it takes a lot for
someone to step out of their comfort
zone and do what he's doing so I brought
that money knowing that regardless of
what happened I wanted to give it to him
because I know he's going to do
something good with it I know he's going
to help somebody else so a lot of people
are going to be saying oh you only gave
him that money because you lost that's
not the cake and I know a lot of people
aren't going to believe me but I was
going to give him that money regardless
anyways he's welcome to come down
anytime I still think I should have won
but he played a good game
hey he's too big for me was bullying me
down in the post I felt like a second
grader and he was a college student he
was just backing me down and going up in
the post size matters for all you girls
and sakes I don't matter a nine you guys
are lying hiding what a surprise the
rest hanging out with the competition
again where'd you guys go starbug we
went look out after the game yeah what a
surprise
it's going down and I'm going to do this
far up in the Sun am i rocking all know
who is that bargain what is the best way
long man lose the cash money if you be
really a QB what did you say 500
to realize wow I don't even get that
lucky so you're looking uh school we're
old school I'm a lab and next up we got
charlie okay hold on
get your car oh my god it hit the damn
good as you might say
