hey guys hey guys hey guys Brandon here
hey everyone hey Paul getting me right
before my trip to Chicago I had to come
through I couldn't go to Chicago without
getting cut you look good show the side
I can't no wow oh yeah I like that
Paul you should have played in a sneaker
con el Mar who's gonna win MVP of that
game hey crasher hi hey don't watch
pressure right now yeah I just want to
say shout-out to follow me takes me on
his day off on a day off takes me in to
give me a cut so shut up best barber in
San Diego
shout out 3 seriously except you go
Laker fan so we're gonna have to change
that you're welcome to come through to
the Sunday Times home yeah how you like
that
well thank you ok guys so I decided to
stop by at the mall really quick because
I am leaving to Chicago tomorrow morning
well actually by the time you guys are
watching this video I'll be on the
flight I don't know the weather is
pretty weird over there right now it
says that it's going to be raining but
warm at the same time so i'ma stop by
here just to pick up a hoodie really
quick and then go home and pack I
haven't even started packing yet so
watching yeah if we're being honest I'm
not going to tackle tomorrow I'm the
master of packing on the day of okay
guys so later on in this video I'm
actually going to be making stuff guys
you're in the vlog yeah I'm going to say
again Jeff what's your name Gary Gary
nice to ranee romaine nice to meet you
guys
well I'll tell you guys are all going to
say later okay guys so shout out to
those was for watching my videos I love
meeting you guys in person I love
meeting my supporters in person and just
thanking you guys for watching my videos
so any time you guys see me in public
and you're a supporter of mine don't be
shy to come up and say what's up don't
be shy to come up and just just come say
hi so
the bathroom way guys I like to Jackie
because she needed to use the bathroom
but there's a sports store right there
like a basketball store so I was like oh
there's about them down here I was
hoping there was one but there's no
bathroom so just my luck anyway I was
going to say later on in this video I
have a really really big announcement to
tell you guys and I can't wait to tell
you because it's so exciting and the
reason I haven't mentioned it is because
I didn't find out until a couple hours
ago so a couple hours ago my manager
gave me a call
actually I'm going to spoil it I have a
really big mouth so I don't want to say
anything until later on in the video but
it's really really exciting and I can't
wait to tell you guys what it is I'm
like freaking out on the inside it's
crazy it's so hard not to tell you guys
right now but you'll find out in a
little bit just stay tuned now look
Brian thank you Brian
of course we run into Brian Brian are
you Lily wait I have that I run when did
you get here
yeah 30 minutes I don't know Anthony of
Court wait who is this girl Brian I
thought you were single
oh nice to meet you I'm Brandon wait
what the heck what are the odds that we
run into Brian Oh Brian what are the
odds like of course I run what oh my god
is that face right can I get a picture
bro oh no no please come on bro I'm a
huge fan i watch all your videos bro
please come on I can't take one say bro
phase rod come on I'm a huge bug man bro
no rug yeah
brug please please I have notifications
on oh yeah guys impulsive EKGs on to be
no fun enjoys everything late hi yo babe
can you take a picture of us really
quick I'm friendly with like in a little
too friendly oh my god is that Sherman
the Burma Germany to the greatest nation
go fuck yourself yo rug I'm not trying
to be annoying before I watch all your
videos I swear all of them both
hey come on no please hey bro my
favorite is when you jumped into it oh
is the foam pit if this is the foam pit
down there rug you know the foam pit
that you own you know you lean in focus
oh my god yeah you know you have those
foam tubes you know that right yeah but
I watch all your videos so am I allowed
to put this on youtube
turn the fuck off that can't wait really
whatever uh are you sure about you
you're much nicer in your videos than in
person it was really think in vlogging
oh yeah we're not loud huh okay guys so
please the fucking volume copyright okay
so now I turned into a normal person not
a fan anymore so Brian just tell them I
haven't told them the announcement yet
but I told them how exciting it is just
how crazy is it honestly it's super
exciting you guys are in for a surprise
it's crazy
guys it's so before you thank you this
is like its prime it's about to flip out
I need to stop talking but it's
something yeah we could get potato
corner I'll buy your food cause I'm
still has no way guys I'm so excited
this is something I've wanted to do my
whole life and I never knew it would
happen when I was 21 years old I thought
I'd have to I don't know I thought I
would be much older when this finally
happened but it was definitely on my
bucket list
and I wanted to do this guys watch this
so I asked for a fork and Anthony heard
me obviously but he didn't know what the
four plus four
the last time I shared empty I woke up
with a perfect over my god he has
already throw the water on the prepare
the og water logging rug member when you
were a gamer
dude I remember that I used to watch it
go through the days they'll cut out a
name from a jacket out of zip I felt so
bad for Xavier you feel bad for him hi P
so nobody compliment my haircut I didn't
even notice I never leave nobody comes
in my hair I did Brian what did I tell
you right when you came home yeah I said
oh look I evaluated I said oh so you got
shorter on the sides and let the hair
long it looks good think so where's my
compliment your hair looks amazing does
it damn thing no I don't hang with a
jacket it's only I'm not hearing about
your weight really why do you guys take
your haircuts so seriously it's just a
haircut I wish I got haircuts every day
that would be a dream oh no you know
what the most important thing about our
new house is the most important thing I
was excited about it's closer to my
barber down so that brandon has all the
voices good morning Jackie
yeah this always happens when I come to
the mall I walk in saying oh I need to
buy a jacket and then I see all the food
and I just end up eating and then
forgetting what I came here for
okay just remind me everyone I came here
for a jacket not to eat okay guys shout
out to all these fans that came up
what's your name Krystal nice to meet
you again
shout out to who Danny shoutout
Robert you know man I want to thank you
for watching my videos I appreciate that
know that thank you are you a son fan
you know yeah telescope fake but I
appreciate that birthday we met a
mausoleum part two that might be
Bosley's half-brother I mean laughs we
are so cute oh my like this watch Brian
okay look give me give me your hand
yeah right here no way okay and then how
about here you like this - did you like
okay go all the way she looked at you
it's hard if I'm you'll have a good time
on some real hi what's up okay so I see
your man is around didn't he know not to
leave you with mistress steal your girl
'we know on the real let me see your
eyes now now your eyes your eye lid
whatever coke eyeshadow yeah
any thoughts yeah you look old up close
yeah just joking no i like the glitter
let me see it
guys jessica if you need your makeup
done I don't know prom already past for
you guys or anything like that if
anyone's getting married or having a
baby if you need your makeup done yeah
you need to look good in labor
everyone records that shit nowadays yeah
if you need your makeup done hitter Oh
oh my god is that rug yo phase phase uh
am i light is stay here to eat I know
bro come on i watch all your videos hey
you keep it quiet miss I watch him not
you yo come on rogue i watch all your
videos are you sure you know that the
foampit and the new house how's the new
house train young hey who are you
calling ma'am no ma'am I'm not a stalker
I'm a rug rat so how's the new house rug
is it did you catch the mouse yeah oh my
god bo it was so scary
damn you mind if I spend the night yes I
do focus alright sorry bro I'll just
have a seat right there
you take a layup there easily
Mississippi really
oh no the chapel is or no he's gonna do
it okay Jess
so it's 3:30 a.m. I'm editing my video
right now and I just saw what you did to
my fries joke's on you I didn't even eat
the rest of the fries so I didn't even
taste all that spice in it okay guys so
look at the time I don't know if you can
see it's 856 the mall closes at 9:00 and
I was in the food court this whole time
just eating with Brian Jackie and
Jessica and Anthony's so I waited all
the way now I have four minutes to go
buy a jacket so we're rushing over to
the store right now and they don't
really have time so yeah guys now I have
I left myself with four minutes I was
planning on going to a bunch of
different stores and looking around and
getting a jacket but now I only have
time to go to one store so hopefully
they have something nice this always
happens I come to the mall for something
and then I just get addicted to the food
look they're already closing some of the
stores it's not 9:00 yet I'm gonna sue
you guys it's open sorry guys when I
slap Jackie's booty just gives me like
an adrenaline rush of course she goes
shopping for herself when we come here
for one hoodie this is no time
oh my god Wow
harder oh that's the hard one that's
what you got above mine this is why
Brandon channels rated double our
exercise you have to aim for asshole my
rating I know no I was so excited to go
to the movies with my mom and dad for
the rated-r movies those are my favorite
so I did get like a huge adrenaline rush
when I slap ass that's all I get yeah
you did get some blood right yo young
tiller went off on his album he picked
up right away left off with travel this
shit goes hard
Bryson is like the only thing I've been
listening to for the past week ever
since this dropped it's like the only
thing I've been bumping in my car look
look who's next to me now roll your
window down roll your window down
yeah I mean someone's blowing me kisses
I'm hoping it's Jackie or else imma be
in trouble when this video goes up kay
guys for everybody wondering before all
you guys comment OMG Jackie got a new
car no this is just a rental because her
car's in the shop
and for everybody commenting why did
Jackie drive herself well that's because
she had curfew so she has to go home
before me baby oh no did you see how
many kisses our son needs me yeah I was
saying hopefully dolls URL so it had a
new girl following me to the house so
yeah guys I'm spending the night at this
house but jackie has curfew so she has
to go home that's why we drove
separately the man I missed most badly
guys I'm still getting used to this
house what did I just ask you dad I said
where's the nearest restroom I'm trying
to go pee but I don't even know where
all the bathrooms are yet and now we're
trying to look for Brian because I need
to shower I got a haircut and all my
little hairs are falling everywhere
Brian Brian Brian where art thou uh
what's the quickest route to get to your
room but are those this there yes girl
okay okay guys in honor of the new house
I am going to be taking my first ever
shower of this house and Brian's
showered fine I feel like I feel like
it's only right I want to bless your
shower don't worry I'm not going to
touch myself or anything I'm just gonna
take a really quick shower I just want
to stay for the rest of my life out the
first ever shower I took in this home
was in your shower and I'm not lettin
Brian leave Wow Brian really okay so I'm
gonna be the first one don't leave the
room I'm making vines stay in while I
shower
Brian do not okay how do we get this
magical device to work Oh Ryan I raised
this shower like nine point five out of
ten yeah the water was hitting hard it
was warm and everything
the wall was we walk right don't open
the doors I see here you wanna please
come oh wait I'm sorry
oh of course Africa appears on the door
as she's never seen me naked oh oh no
now she's begging to see me naked
no man only bride allowed damn Brian
already has a q-tips and everything
Brian um I lost you your toothbrush too
oh I mean you already let me use your
shampoo what's the difference where are
you I told you one thing just stay in
the room while I shower it took me five
minutes just to turn the corner because
I thought you were gonna pop out and
scare me from there
babe babe not you buzzing did you see me
naked
hey you were supposed to wait till
marriage no that's why every time we do
it I make you close your eyes because
you're not supposed to see me - hey look
I opened the door for Brian to see not
for you of course you come upstairs
right at that time are you guys ready
for the announcement yeah Bosley are you
ready oh oh damn there's a perfect spot
wait first of all guys do you like the
jacket is what I just bought
it's kind of plain but the reason I
bought it is because who would wear
something like this people Devin Booker
there's like Devin Booker style just
playing ball so you know cool first and
foremost I just want to say I'm really
really excited I'm leaving to Chicago
tomorrow morning mom no I haven't
started packing done my father's I'll
get it done so I'm leaving early
tomorrow morning I'm really excited
everybody that's going to be up there
Niekerk on I can't wait to meet you guys
Kai's you need to help me pick out some
heat look at this you gotta help a
fellow middle-eastern out the show I
can't wait to be there I can't wait for
the game so I can't wait to meet you
guys but now the biggest announcement I
can't even believe this is happening it
like this was something that's been on
my bucket list for so so long
that every basketball fan pretty much
dreamed of a forecast of basketball you
guys are hello so earlier today I got a
call from my manager shop the handbrake
off you're watching this I appreciate
you and he told me that he got me an
offer to fly me out to Cleveland for the
NBA Finals not one but two day winning
both games in Cleveland a three and
paper of the NBA Finals that's on June
17 June 9 ongoing and even coming one
thing I'm coming gutted it is crazy to
take themselves so June 1st June 5th I'm
going to be in Chicago and then on June
6th I'm coming back to San Diego and I'm
flying back to wheeler the day after so
these next couple of days are going to
be hectic so let me just say that the
NBA Finals it's like a dream come true a
quick my team the Phoenix Suns are
playing on oil ever planet violet ISA
bus ride you should land but nonetheless
at the basketball game should be in the
NBA Finals and attention environment
live right here M is going to begin to
operate launching why just never seen
LeBron James live on every step to
realize the thing is though he only
offered one ticket so I'm going to be
going about myself but I don't care
honestly a lot of people would be like
oh it's kind of weird going alone but
you guys know me and I love that also
under I'm not turning to sell per gallon
whether it was to the last ending you
get going by myself out here I'll go by
myself so yeah like Brian said it wasn't
a lot of time experience I wish I had a
chicken
thank you I wish I had an excuse me how
the baby everybody would but but yeah
like I said it's just I've never seen
any of these players I've ever seen
LeBron there is the Kyrie Kevin love's
Steph Curry klay
Kevin Durant came on so it's going to be
a really really big experience and I was
like shocked over the phone calls like
are you kidding me this has to be a joke
the 215
NBA model people died for this moment
and I'm just really thankful that's
crazy I can't even imagine how the
environment is going to be on nil is
going to be so different than a regular
warning label ladies lazily imagine me
I'm going to be there by myself watching
they're going all crazy guys do some
consulting so yeah guys that that was my
huge announcement some people might be
like most kids just for the basketball
games overall you an NBA fans and Brian
obviously my dad you guys know how big
it is how crazy it is like people dream
upon that it may finally Paddington yeah
fun everything for you guys don't be
here I have no idea where I'm going to
be in I don't know if we see someone to
be an Alice to shock over the phone to
even ask with these houses like yes yes
yes so I can't wait it's going to be
crazy
I will be hopping over from Chicago to
Cleveland from San Diego it's going to
be crazy
wait let me just tell you guys my
manager wanted to fly me from Chicago to
Cleveland you know that's a really close
but it's very close to each other now
the reason I said yo I can't do that I
need to fly all the way back to San
Diego and then I agree with you one on
one
well what I'll let Brian kill you to get
a fucking haircut
I'm in here so my manager told me hey
when you're in Chicago let me just fly
you the cleanliness of really close like
I said no I gotta come all the way back
to San Diego to get a haircut and then
fly to Cleveland all the two days
now go here today but I need one day why
don't all of you
yeah oh I might have to take you with me
no I'm sorry I said I could get a
haircut in Chicago but I only trust hi
Barbara hello
no no no guys the closest video out
thank you so much for watching today I
appreciate you guys Brian thankfully we
got away from that soccer fan at the
mall and I was actually really weird mom
I'll tell you about the stalker fan
later after this video ends it was weird
but anyways guys I'm really really
excited really happy and I can't wait I
don't think I'm going to be able to
sleep tonight between the whole sneaker
con Chicago and then going to Cleveland
is so much excitement filled in my
answer thanks mother and yeah other than
that thank you guys so much for watching
this video really really close to 2
million subscribers who knows I might I
did while I'm on vacation I what drop a
like if you live subscribers we do
imagine I hit 2 million subscribers at
the same time I was like LeBron doing
your crazy Duncan on their live I don't
know bye anyways guys if you're
wondering I'm really happy thanks so
much for watching this video
drives on throw I know I'm going to
sitting here hi guys what are you guys
wait I forgot to say something I'm so
happy I can't wait I can't wait it's
about to be crazy
