what is going on guys Britain here aka
waters and today I'm going as a brand
new video
a brand new basketball there's a brand
new basketball video what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka for waterfront
you have to be more like enthusiastic I
think it is almost 2 million people not
that you're used to it you know 5
million is in belize united by 3 million
okay go then truck what is going on
what's going on guys Brendon you're a
caper audit and I hope you guys are
having a great fun just something you
piss me off it up with labels you gave
me earlier
alright all guys as you could tell by
the title of this video say drug is
actually quitting YouTube sub nom de
joking now fazer idea is pretty much
here I'll let you take a mic you could
go ahead and speak guys I'm not playing
on the team anymore only because like I
don't know I mean we just moved and it's
overwhelming and I didn't feel like
playing to deck so pretty much I was out
eating with my boys earlier and Brian
told me that he just wasn't really in
the mood to keep playing this season
throughout there's like tons of years
where I love playing basketball water
film team is something them there's like
another time where I'm just like I don't
feel like playing now like I don't know
why I like playing like shooting around
rather than in the league yeah and I
thought I mean I just I'm not playing
for now maybe next season honestly to go
for this season he he's literally make
the play oh no fuck you do you want to
go on the playoff no uh-uh
fuck that so Brian called me earlier and
honestly when you called me I didn't
know if you were joking or not I was
like no Brian you're playing you're
playing with us but it turns out he
really didn't want to play out it's just
like to see me learning move three days
ago and I'm still like trying to make
videos move my stuff so I just thought
it was like the wrong time and I know
I'm like the best player on the team and
like I care you guys so just good luck
any was a new theory about it give them
like we did like so pretty much Brian
step down he's no longer on the team no
our guys is my brother I love this team
shut up to the Devin Booker's we're
going to win the championship this year
if he doesn't want to play no heart
suing us on him and so at least we won
the championship the first yeah we
didn't really gotta leave this top room
and only for the Devin Booker team
members so pretty shut up like I feel
basically a part of this so as a former
team member exit we bring on what we
picked out now let me introduce you one
bottle while I'm here to Obama's so as
shooting guard standing at five foot two
205-pound like we got roll ball I'm
taller than Brandon X - nice Japanese
tubby he's five foot two - fudge is
really hey you're not supposed to talk
you don't know what's coming all right
okay so hopefully that is hella anyway
once I found out Brian wasn't playing I
picked up roll Mel because did my board
we play with each other at the gym all
the time and so I had to get him on the
team I wanted to pick awliya but
unfortunately he's super busy and he
can't make it I think he's actually
coming to the game but he's going to be
coming late so he'll be there just won't
be playing on the team and if you guys
remember Chris or other team member he's
hurt he's still injured he's still not
playing so we had to pick up one other
player this is bronze replacement and
now Chris is replacement he goes by the
Filipino Michael Jordan still have it we
got a little good interim than me I mean
you've seen this way you've seen
yourself play as long as I do not that
good though so I'm just joking guys so
we're missing two players which means I
picked up these two they're both my boys
well Mel Justin would play with each
other almost every single day so I want
to say our chemistry is on point he
going for incident the real question is
how many intro Mel go for because you
know what everyone else stated he said
we're the Cleveland Cavaliers and he
said that Eva Braun okay Chelsea shut
bantha guns I'm going on the couch with
hot now so you guys in the game though
so you want to be lebra so who's Kyrie
and who's Caleb visit Kyrie damn Caleb
damn you're gonna hit like five three
fire the upset with that I'll put you in
this order kanji please you got to feed
the beast or here let me on okay so I'm
hungry anyways guys saw the team were
playing is actually tied with us in the
standing we're both at three wins and
four losses so there's actually a really
important game no pressure to these guys
I mean it's their first time playing
with us and it's a must-win game enough
but really the same rules apply as last
week and the week before we have to win
or else our season is over and we got
three games left so we gotta win three
in a row a couple weeks ago we have to
win five in a row
we won so it was four in a row we won
that one so we're on a two game win
streak we still gotta finish three more
in a row though so we can't move we lose
one time it's over so No
sure but LeBron came back from 31 LeBron
came back from 3-1 you're right
anyways got ya about Brian I don't think
I should hate on ended now if Brian
wanted self-playing got to his choice
that everyone is entitled to their own
choices and Brian James doesn't want to
planning works but he doesn't want to
play anymore so I picked up my boys and
it's time to head over to the game we
got any predictions for what's going to
happen tonight
I say we win by 1520 win by 1520 I like
grow Mellie's confidence I'm not
confident not cocky Dustin I say it's
all the 12 when my 12 how about we ask
coach who's winning this game let's
leave it up to coach oh you've never
seen this play yeah coach haven't seen
you guys player both rimmel can you get
my phone without looking at my messages
Sam okay so wow dad your body looks nice
I thought just got ready I could tell
okay so I'm sure you heard Brian's
upsetting news yeah I think you're an
old yeah he's getting old so now we need
a prediction are we going to win lose I
feel like a whole new team no prediction
like will do yeah we gotta win Yeah
right
moving on to say loose yeah you're right
you're right they dead oh my gosh dad
Best Dressed award gregg popovich
buddy you can only go like this if you
go with no shoes looking suit yes
pajama okay the pajamas fine dad why do
you guys look nervous this is my first
time playing oblique yeah are you
nervous I mean there's a lot of pressure
you wave you keep playing you lose we're
done with a double dribble and my corset
travel yeah Rome actually doesn't know
how to play and they have like reps in
the scoreboard yeah they have revs
scoreboards got up in my trust into
these guys yeah okay guys so we got my
girlfriend here you know the tradition
Jackie stretches me out before the game
but I think let's try to change it up
real mellow Justin would you guys each
grab one leg really quickly come on just
one oh no don't put me just stretch me
rightfully on so don't do opposite but
you're gonna tear my ligament okay okay
fine
oh my god you know
ankle from missionary yeah I know
missionary caramels a horndog guys
Justin come on bro
are you ready yeah I'm ready I'll sing
the steep stress right
guys I'm really excited to play with
Justin and Romel because we play with
each other all the time at the gym but
that just pick up gains that's different
than playing in a league game I'm really
excited to play with them in a real game
those are my boys so it's always fun
playing with your boys Gilbert and
Gilbert and he'll race
it's his first cousin I mmm Alvin and
Robson I don't know perfect
that's so funny
No
we're have to come to the new house is
so nice
Ron literally loves to make friends
he's so funny I feel like you dyed your
hair darker yeah your hair looks start
yeah that's good so I got my food done
but it came out super light in there
like that happens all the time
get your hair like me anymore
school idol I don't know how often
that's the thing
I literally go this is any lighter I
start with sweet man my hair all the
time all the time yes I'm tired
I was like yeah when I go get it did I
have it out like gone so you know Sally
oh you guys oh yeah I got there like a
lot of them sell really geared the one
thing Sally
Oh blonde right now like I don't like it
that much
yeah like you know it's like a little
like
oh hey guys how this
this was a hard ass game
yeah oh my god I go in
oh man
oh man
LA Fitness hot started there now
recruiting Oh
he landed over I'm happy with my leg oh
my
where I played in high school with
solder puff I went two years that's
awful
I just have over it like really
let's go
always
come on you friend
no way
hey guys 29 to 24 with a minute left
now listen it's from the UK with works
like it works blonde so that I'm like
what's the point
so then I feel like without lipstick and
makeup since looks like weird to those
like but it just feel I feel like it
makes it drive are you yeah but like
maybe like I support I'm iris a little
day
oh no I love eyelashes I like now ever
since I work every time I can't
let's have it
I love the lamp Oh another one that goes
this one
what do you do it's like
new pants toasted son Jordan when he
played she's so pretty but she's like
yeah that's literally something cousin
sister your skin right yeah I do
difference with my charity a similar
visit monthly so I'll charge you like 30
bucks a month or yeah oh hey guys I'll
just take I feel like I need to eat
before I workout
yeah you could guess but then I stopped
going
like what
you're not even big when I say get
married
I know pretend it's like all iPhone you
I think this was like in the past like
three years one
a lot of families
are you
my family used to none of them live here
so it's like cars and the family that
does live here they don't really there's
like my oxen they're not
no you guys this 11 minutes forty six to
forty six black carpet
okay
you
46 to 48 with no minutes left
one would
Oh oh my god
Wow
number six let's go going to go man
I don't know where but somewhere
yes 6450 with five minutes left
really describe them all boys dead
let's go
I'm scared now
Oh
can someone tell me how the hell this
wasn't a tripping or a blocking foul and
yes I'm being sarcastic because that was
a tripping foul but of course there was
no call mate
oh man
yeah I meant new hair new me on who this
something like that I'm funny
oh let's go
there is a sorry when I was thank you
tomorrow
so they can't like your picture look
your subscribe it I don't know what it
is really follow
yeah usually that like people will go on
on my following and follow everybody
that I follow what title the rest really
didn't call a double dribble right here
are you kidding me just watch this they
didn't call it follow just weird my gosh
I don't mind it but like once our people
you never hear back so for that count at
least it's not longer recruiting seem to
get my poly so you know I want you good
game
good game good game I don't think the
whistles are working where they feel oh
hell a lot to impress ok guys you saw
Romel try to take blame for the loss at
the end of the video and I think that's
hilarious because it wasn't his fault it
wasn't Justin's fault it wasn't any of
my teammates fault it was my own fault I
started off really hot and I hit a lot
of shots in the beginning and then at
the end where it mattered most
I just went cold I couldn't hit anything
at the end and I'd rather have it be the
opposite I'd rather miss a bunch of
shots in the beginning and then make all
the important ones at the end but I
didn't do that so for everybody on my
team trying to take blame you guys need
to stop because it was my fault we could
have used Bryant we could have used
Brian's shooting during that game we had
a lot of our players including myself
missed some open threes and I feel like
a bridal day he would have knocked those
open three down but hey like I said
everybody has their own choices and
Brian chose that he didn't want to play
anymore I'm not exactly too sure why he
wanted to stop playing I think because
we were moving into that new house Brian
we missed you out there we could have
used you but hey like I said he didn't
want to play anymore solo yes I know the
rest made some bad calls they actually
made some really really bad calls and
very important times such as they didn't
call that double dribble which was
obvious it ain't called the tripping
foul which you guys saw the dude was
literally right under Justin's feet
Justin didn't trip on his own and
whatever they made some bad calls in
really bad time but I always say that no
matter how bad the calls are no matter
how bad the refs are the rest are human
they're allowed to make mistake whether
you win or lose that's on your own team
so I'm not blaming this loss on the rest
every time whatever outcome happens at
the end of the game that's your own
team's fault so my team lost because we
played bad and not because of the rest
so yes I point out some bad calls and
yes the bad calls came out really
important time but I'm not blaming this
game on the rest at all we lost because
we got outplayed the other team had you
guys saw that dude he was huge we
couldn't move him in the paint
we couldn't get a rebound over and we
couldn't drive over him so they beat us
fair and square they had someone who we
just couldn't stop I didn't speak to him
personally so I don't know how tall he
is but I'm guessing he's probably six
five six six and our tallest player was
5 foot 10 so just imagine that we didn't
prepare for someone that big to be on
the other team so that's our own fault
we lost
talk to those guys I actually played
with some of them before so I know them
I'm close with them no hard feelings
they beat us fair and square and they
played a really good game as far as how
I was saying we had to win out and we
can't lose any more games or else we
can't make the playoffs so I spoke with
the league director after the game and
he told me that because there's two
games left so he told me that we're not
for sure eliminated from the playoffs
there's still a chance we can make it
but it's a really small chance so what
has to happen is we have to win our last
two games and the team we just played
yesterday they have to lose one of their
games so there's still a small chance
that we could get into the playoffs but
it's not going to be easy so first and
foremost we got to take care of our own
business we have to win our last two and
then we got a hope that the team we
played yesterday loses one of their last
two games and then we could still get
into the playoffs so we're not for sure
dead we're not for sure done but there's
only a small chance we get in so
hopefully we make the most of it and
hopefully we can get into the playoffs
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I apologize for such
a shitty performance because these
videos only come once a week so I know
you guys were waiting and waiting for
this basketball video so for me to have
you guys wait this long and then put out
a shitty performance like this I
apologize seriously I do and I gotta get
ready for Chicago because I'm leaving to
Chicago tomorrow morning first and
foremost I'm gonna go get a haircut
early tomorrow morning and I need to
start packing I need to get ready cuz
I'm gonna be a sneaker con and if you
guys are going to be there I can't wait
to meet you guys so show some love when
I'm down in Chicago it's going to be my
first time there anyways thank you so
much for watching this video and I hope
we can somehow still get into the
playoffs
