what up guys right now it's past 1:00
like 1 a.m. and Brandon supposedly was
gonna take a 30-minute nap
at 6 o'clock and it's past 1:00 a.m.
right now so I decided I'm gonna go wake
him up but I said might as well bring
you guys with me we got back to the mall
at 6 o'clock he was supposedly gonna
take a 30-minute nap max and we're gonna
go eat
I've been calling texting him he's not
answering and I'm freaking starving Tory
no actually I wouldn't
I swear I'm just his guy probably has
someone in there with him I'm gonna go
get the key forget this wanted way to
have a key for a reason
and if you didn't want to use it he's
gonna give me the key ding now that I'm
looking at this I've never realized how
ugly I am
alright guys so I know you guys are so
confused I know what's going on what's
happening business confuses you guys
when I went there to wake him up when I
was about like I knocked once and then I
was like wait why am i waking them up
and waking them up without of doing
something to him and I got his camera
because I thought about it why not put
the jewelry in here and have a camera
when he sees really good reaction so
imma set they came up in here but right
now I'm not to go in there and actually
wake him up
stop trippin bro is just a prank I wrote
it fast so I make fun of my handwriting
just say stop trippin bro just to pray
with all his jewelry whatever right here
Randy Randy Randy hope you still sleepy
it's almost 2 o'clock oh I swear whoa
what happened you're 30 minutes you said
30 minutes I know
during major suppose to go he won't
forget I didn't sleep at all really
yeah they know me scared but then I'm
supposed to film a video for tonight I
scare I'm going to walk into something
not to leave your stuff open like that
put your jewelry in there oh I put all
my doing in there
you know if I was doing you a room or
something it's not in here wore them
yesterday a word the day we went out I
swear to God I put all of them in here
they're not in there
you check your room I'm saying it's not
here I thought I swear all of them in
here unless you went out again after
that which we did
I swear I put them all day no like it
was yesterday
I put them all back yesterday I didn't
even have them all set up like this boat
when you're walking them all they're
like that no I put it back but I don't
even think this or this was here but I
don't know oh wait okay I'm looking
under the table but there's no way they
spell I put them back I close it I do
everything I left them on the table
first of all I don't know where else
would they be no I put them back unless
we went out again or unless you worry
that's like trust me the bracelet isn't
fit me I know that's what I'm saying
I didn't well then is if you know I'm
just saying I'm saying if you were out
here if you took it I really don't hear
I just right if you know I can't tell
you if I did yeah I know that's why I'm
taking it and if you took it and hid it
but just tell me if you know I know I
don't have it I wouldn't wake you up
like it but I know you have to record a
video I know but I'm saying like if you
woke me up just so I hide the jewelry
like well I'm gonna just tell me now cuz
I know I know how seizure I wouldn't
wake you along once what word video mess
with you bro don't forget at this point
I'm not like worried about video or I'm
not making you go well this is this is
like it's like fifty thousand dollars
worth all together go a little just came
to look you up bro okay yeah there's no
way unless I misplace them which I don't
I put it back right there I'll put them
all back really just a boat but I'm a
connector that you put all back two
thousand percent for sure I don't know
where I put them all bad
where else would they be
they're not there you're so dumb there's
no way I'm telling you right now we went
out last night I came back and I put
them here there's no way I took them out
with my net from last night but today we
didn't do anything we didn't go anywhere
she's sleeping though no what is
sleeping then even if I went to the gym
I don't wear jewelry to the gym that's
done I put them here I'm telling you
these weren't even this was being here
all I had was like the chain maybe this
I don't know where this came from
we're also illegal I haven't even
touched this did you leave in the car oh
listen let me just tell you why remember
yesterday taking off putting on yeah I
took them off and I put the mattress
really God but listen let me tell you
why this is weird that is the chain I
wore yesterday the bracelet I wore this
I haven't touched in a while so how is
this here someone had which is this is
for my earrings and my goal so I'm
already sitting we're both I'm a weird I
didn't win all yes we're all you know
where they will chain your soul so some
know I wore these yeah so someone had to
have gone through my 7 to pay off this
was not a year ago this was over here or
over I don't know what I wanted to don't
know where someone but it wasn't in here
it wasn't on the table I didn't take
these this was here it doesn't matter
with all the channels on who fucked up q
do you you misplaced it
I didn't it Dennis I swear are you never
gonna wear you probably put it on this
no I didn't I swear they put it anywhere
oh I'm gonna go check my room how would
it be in your room oh well this isn't a
joke I swear like money it's replaced
when I think about fifty thousand
dollars worth of jewelry because go bad
fifty thousand two K right now if you
win then it's up Dennis Dennis I'm not
betting fifty thousand dollars into T or
just you know checking my room and
hopefully to when I have talkies you
would with me every time I bought these
did did we put insurance
yeah I remember you have insurance on
them it's not Danny if I wanted us for
someone if someone took them that skin
good things you're doing how does
someone get in here oh no I came here by
literally knocked on your door right
away I'll ring your doorbell your answer
and I came knocked on your door okay we
is anything else stolen my freaking
backpack is here there's no way somebody
came and knew exactly where the Julie
well that didn't take anything else okay
my keys my car keys are so dude nobody x
we have we have a couple options so so
somebody would take a couple pieces of
jewelry but they would leave up DM wh
okay we have two options call the cops
what you don't do it yet because we're
going to look for it go check in my room
for the jewelry or just say fuck it off
it already screwed wait you're already
screwed let's go quick to pay for TK
TEDx I'm not how does it go okay that is
why would I play you in 2k for 50k not
taking $50,000 from you that's stupid
okay look you're my friend I'm not take
Dennis no hold on forget checking your
room okay every time we just know how
they might be maybe not today huh maybe
you came in yesterday room Tenace even
if I came in a room this wasn't you
somebody went through my stuff and stole
my jewelry I don't even care about the
jewelry at this point I care about how
the hell did somebody get into my room
how do you want to eat your room at this
point if someone was in here knowledge
is blowing my room I swear it's not good
to get into this room someone was in my
know but let Jerry I don't know let's
make sure nothing else i holding first
of all okay let's just go my room's even
jewelry case call us even
the room out in your room let me just
make sure I have a bunch of because I
know we'll check a little just going
there for a little bit okay somebody's
in you go they can come out right now I
don't know how to do that just see if
the jewelry's here is Lewis here if it's
not then this is weird and my check rate
for sure yeah it's not in the room trust
me Danny's trust me when I say he
checked over here right oh no no there's
no way all of them fell under there come
out my room oh come on okay first we're
gonna check and the designer will just
call the cops at that point I don't
think how does someone break in and
doesn't leave any there's no if you took
it just tell me because there's no way
somebody broke into my home one out of
sleep and I didn't realize it and now I
just have a lot like they do exactly the
jewelry one that's bogus
well it's like $15,000 we've been doing
a joke oh whoa forget the money like I
don't even like money's replaced bottom
here I'm talking about how did someone
break in that's dangerous what if
somebody was in here like what if not
almost here what if Jackie was here
oh you where else you in check then it's
like you're off you're so dumb like I
want to know Denny's thing you sub like
oh it's like three a warning go stop
trippin yeah see your eyes stop trippin
nothing please don't tell me you woke me
up just to do this Hemis I woke you over
that first of all I thought there's
something wrong with you waking up I
literally knocked on your door once and
said wait why am I gonna wake him up I
don't know to make sure I'm okay not to
pull a prank we're gonna cue you are
when you got for a bit don't tell me
that the camera did you think that I'll
just recording with this oh yes I'm so
much sleep right now hey do you like how
I put it around it or should we go
you're like how I put it like around
like obviously people are gonna be like
oh must be so happy to see the jewelry
but put into a loo to the side I thought
somebody broke into my house that's what
I thought so I'm just happy to know that
this is a prank and nobody broke in I
don't know man it's like my mom and dad
if somebody else was in the room and
someone broke in that's an allegory
about the jewelry is cool but the
jewelry is replaceable wait did I
mention that you mentioned that right
away hey all I gotta say is stop
tripping bro it's like I just don't
understand you boyfriend law what did
you eat because I don't said you ate I'm
starving
in this habit I'm poets fucking
McDonald's oh there's other restaurants
out there in the world oh wait can I
tell you what about when you were
knocking on the door huh
so when we were knocking on my door and
I came to open it in my head I'm like
wait I know what I was or anything so I
thought like something was holding you
hostage hostage at gunpoint and they
were saying they were saying wait
burning up right now so when I opened
the door and I saw Jesse I was so
relieved I didn't even notice - Julianne
missing a phrase I was still I get my
sleep I think you're literally in your
sleep all like yeah hey guys ya know
it's happening right now boo how'd I
sleep for that long you know first of
all you I don't know who you think you
are Bo when I started to think that
someone broke into the home I swear
about myself my mom my dad huh yeah oh
god stop tripping bro yeah you're right
stop tripping stop tripping I had no
reason to trip hey almost any other
machinery Dennis at this point take the
earring boys go back to sleep
just leave one of his for mr. Waverly
and if you came Marilyn so
please give it back wait we're missing
an earring freakin Julie Robby prank
gone wrong gone real ladies in my room
we were supposed to eat you uncle eat
hey Bobbie it again what you're gonna
prank whites with your client and swear
by the world thank you for tuning into
this video thank you for watching please
drop a like if you did into this video
please subscribe you're new go check out
all my social media if you don't ever
want is for everything and I do upload
almost every single date so please watch
those videos
you ruined my outro but okay guys I've
seen the same highlight till I woke up
I've been hearing the same sound cuz
they repeat the show I can memorize
every single word that all these people
are saying can't tell me you love them
and have a good day and then can I kick
your room no that's the pirate doesn't
happen okay guys thank you sir both feel
so we're doing an outro to a video that
I didn't even do guys thank you so much
for watching this video I was looking at
the bigger picture like you know someone
just robbed me what else did they take
how did they get into my room that's
dangerous my family could have been in
here my friend like Jackie could have
been in here all my other close friends
I don't know either way guys drop a like
on this video if you did enjoy subscribe
to this channel if you're new and Dennis
just know you better watch your back cuz
you've been you've been painting me
recently that's not how this is supposed
to work so watch your back because
something's gonna happen soon yeah and
oh look dr. Sherman look look look and
then you go like this
you see this wall sleeping was of your
dream oh no I've seen a million times
just know that I think you're listening
to the commentating and having the dream
the same time the highlights how would
you know
there's no telling you the right girl so
I can only say that
