okay guys I'm about to try to dunk on a
nine-foot hoop I don't know if I could
because I made a lease soon we don't
generally head cheesy come on
but Olly Olly says he doesn't think I
could do it
shout out oh there we go there we go
shout out to my haters all he said I
wouldn't be able to down to the flattest
one yeah oh my god is that Rome all
let's see the writing on the cake
Congrats what on the house from our
changing me oh let me guess Rome all zip
zip not Jackie O God
oh my god who are those for Jackie no
both Justin Jordan Oh watermelon so
Jordan said he has a gift for me right
here described you perfectly this is
literally meat no it doesn't describe me
or Jackie which one both of you guys
honest we could both share this Thank
You Jordan
I need this petty that's me oh no
there's the hukum Esther he goes by nav
aka swag diddy zip go roam all you
couldn't do that this morning Hey Oh
Justin lo Justin have you missed a shot
let's see make it 31 in a row Rick ah
brother vs. brother one shot oh I
imagine seeing Jordan and justified that
would be one for the ages
let's see Brian give knavish ott to now
yes bro you can barely see zip through
the patio whoever makes it 20 bucks last
three tacks for you
Oh Oh go deep
the four foot eight wonder oh good oh
hey zip up there don't bring your girl
around him go roam on no don't bring
your girl around Zoop
I'll just oh that was well Ollie excuse
me oh oh you can't even see the dead oh
okay let's see what the friends brought
who brought the watermelon Jordan thank
you I love what I could tell the healthy
arms popping out of the pump who brought
this let me guess Rome all oh you
brought the cake of course it says
congrats from Rome all Justin Jordan zip
what you got gonna include all these no
he didn't come I wanna know oh yeah oh
you brought cash on let's see it here
let's see it
I got the best group of friends look zip
what did you bring oh you're so cute
this what is that yeah what's in the
middle you pulled all the lawn out front
oh yeah damn I thought it was a snack
for us but I guess Jordan bought it for
himself
I got the best group of friends you know
did I ever tell you I love you Romo
loving touch yeah this year for me it's
to me bow guys Rome all told me he loved
me for the first time last week we don't
remember everyone quiet Bosley's is
doing something hey how would you like
it if someone is talking while you take
a shit okay so what are you guys playing
for I'm playing for his his a North Face
the freeing jacket she's playing for 500
bucks how much is it worth seven it's
like it's worth about 700 bucks
so zip has to give Brian that jacket if
zip wins you get 500 bucks five bills
straight up hey as fans was going to ask
for anything better
Game seven
tie game next point wins he got him to
jacket on the line he got his $500 cash
on the line let's see it is a preview of
the NBA Finals right here
game point oh I've never seen dip-drive
in oh oh oh you going up Oh
all right let's see it lets see it
I'll never run shooter I might be
playing Brian yeah no ha ha just so nice
Dave hey Jackie was panicked upon where
the town so close oh that's so nice
we might make a little deal for Easy's
I'll think about it yes a hundred I hate
it we're going so remote doesn't see you
don't bring your girdle around oh yeah
yeah Robel had to learn the hard way
hey ro Mel come here really please we
just want to know like what happened
someone brings their go-arounds if not
you obviously by understand like what
happened Hydrabad stop
I'm cool with Jackie around and dip
knows better well he knows better but if
you're someone else and you bring your
girl around there it's over bro his flag
is through the roof it's been like how
long has it been we're still playing
it's been three four hours we haven't
went inside a house oh it's been hours
this basketball hoop is a greatest
addition to the house we're still
playing barbecue chicken alert dad what
do we have here what are we cooking up
the chicken orange oh just cuz it's
orange doesn't mean it's orange chicken
foil full of SATA toyou southern
gardening osama carne asada
oh that kebab ollie only knows kebab and
Gus land be donor
shawarma we need that so the best thing
Wow we can't wait to eat oh oh
everyone zips gone our girls are safe
yeah yeah we got to be scary Anthony hey
look boy you tell them that this is the
Afghan trade song mister steal yo girl
now we all love Dave don't get me wrong
but sometimes his hormones are through
the roof through this fucking we're
gonna share now we loved it though he's
a good man great guy you know great
charisma
lots of jackets oh he's stretching on
the way home
oh oh oh oh
Junior's winning I'm out we gotta leave
now joy I said joy oh my God look at
look who's barbecuing once their shit
flipped
everybody wants some barbecue chicken of
Wow almost alikom myself so my eyelashes
just burned off into the grill first and
foremost Wow and we're not trying to
have any Salmonella please be careful
you all coming out all you eat this
whole thing this is it done brother
this brother shout out to me cook on in
Chicago I'll be there in a couple of
days less than a week I'll be there June
3rd Andrew 4th so to everyone who's in
Chicago or around the area I'll be
seeing you guys I can't wait my first
sneaker comfort smooth classic I can't
wait to be there
shoutout cars cars you need to help me
with some heat look at this shit man Oh
world you got to put me off with some
shoes I don't know about this holes not
a sneakerhead
and what are you to be handing out in
the game barbecue chicken
ok now but the draft is on June 3rd the
game is on June 4th so I'll let me tell
you where I get drafted am I going to be
a second round pick Isaiah Thomas how am
I going to be a dark hole milk is
personal cake then it could be Ginobili
second round oh my god great job thanks
bro
girls breathe zips gone Bosley oh no
bother taking this swab ugly are you
stealing my girl what are you oh give me
five
Mount on Gaza you like this new house I
think you like Jackie Maury
oh my hey don't kiss her Bosley don't
kiss her good boy guys can I just say
I've almost hit my head into the shit
like five times
Amanda look out lotuses okay guys look
I've almost backed up the first time was
when someone asked me to take a picture
of them they were right there
and so I'm back and good we got to put
like a caution sign because if I hit my
head good on one of these I'm out for a
couple weeks with a concussion
I'll be on the floor for hours nobody to
save me that's not even a table here
yeah we need to put a table or I just
need a life alert guys look at Bosley
guarding the food he's not letting
anyone come out Bosley are you guarding
it are you guarding the door wait look
he's waiting till the food is cooked he
won't let anyone come in you're doing a
good job security guard wait this is so
funny I want to show him from this side
okay what are you going to do if I try
to walk out Bosley what are you gonna do
let's see are you gonna bite me you
ain't got no teeth Bosley oh that easy
fellas guys no you know what they remind
me of a knockoff of the Kardashian and
then here
well here is Caitlyn Jenner Caitlyn gone
the frame knock off I should use you
guys for the thumbnail I'd get more
views two three girls oh yeah see
Clinton knows the YouTube game
Kardashians 2.0 enjoy oh man nothing
better than the people I love gather
around the campfire I love Rome all the
most Ben Jackey like and oh you know and
this is your fourth now Jenna you're on
the most hated list
let's go Gordon Ramsay I know he's gonna
get mad oh my you have one minute left
chef
the place with all the lines from Food
Network that's when I realized I forgot
angry yeah let's go Papa Rock ok guys so
my dad was a little drunk when he was
cooking the food and I think the chicken
is still raw
hello he doesn't feel wrong don't give
the prison who's cooking the food any
Crown Royal don't do that bro shout out
Papa Rock he's gotta get 50% of this
population salmonella gosh yeah this is
your song this is all these songs
oh no picture time with the girlfriend
but that said you're right I am drunk he
put the tortillas on the side that that
was off ok
oh wait it's a video guys this house
already came with speakers built-in in
all the bushes and on the roofs so it
sounds so nice right now
riot you're in charge of the aux are you
in charge of the arc yeah we're trying
to turn up not cry Ryan's trying to make
us cry with some Drake what is a song
called jungle fever so let me just tell
you guys why I love romuald Bay's
imploring it's a big part of my video
I'm going to title and thumbnail like
this Mike I'm just joking I'm not so the
reason I love Rome all so much is he had
no emotion like no like you wouldn't
know if I saw well in the morning you
wouldn't know if he hit a two million
dollar jackpot or if his girl left him
like you would not know that's very true
obviously he's single I'm just joking he
doesn't have a girl so all you single
ladies you want to hit him up I'm just
using that like hypothetically no
emotion this dude has no motion until he
loses in basketball but you think I get
mad oh my god Justin gets singing it
that's for Justin
that poor guy that poor water bottle
that poor ball everything that's gone
through just his hands after a loss and
you know what's crazy like we don't want
to say any ages but Justin's actually
older than us all that's crazy he looks
so young that handsome baby face I need
to age like Jordan I mean Justin
ultimately since age bad here that ain't
close
beau look at all these filled with
wrinkles eat only 22 I have reduced
Hospital Easterns age bad but we need
the Justin and Jordyn genes yeah we do
look like we're 30 or 40 but we're only
22 21
wait they found the right they found a
rat no Brian where's the rat no there is
not you know
stop it you're lying nice ass babe no
where's quavo ratatouille
where is he wait why am i here alone ah
Brian nice jacket wait let me send this
now tentative how did we miss you oh my
gosh we miss you Dave oh wait Brian what
do you win everyone what do we say
thanks Papa rug for the food
it was delicious those delicious than
half of us my end up in the hospital
from the chicken huh it's all good looks
good
thanks dad that was not good Alma Ron
thank you so much a wonderful meal
prepared very nicely thanks that it was
good really I'm sorry mom I forgot you
were the maker of the salsa thank you
mama rug shoutout to roma time to eat
the Boston cream pie
right it's not really Boston cream pie
Boston cream cake cream pie fudge 8 inch
I've seen home walls if we're being
honest yeah we've seen me I'm not gonna
lie but I'm on peace inside
so you've seen mine too oh I'll have all
leave ouch
Holly will jump for this conversation
what's poppin go on TC - hey it is what
it is man he may be by my 510 but we had
to go on home and Ollie maybe six weeks
exploring it is what you see it's not a
line haha
so me and I leave for a whole lot we
never wear hats you guys watch my videos
I don't ever wear hat with all terrible
hat we look ugly in hats but now look
ugly has total irony so all we have is a
gift from Jordan Sullivan okay so we're
going to see who looks under fear all my
vote on Brandon is it too tight they
just smell too tight you look like this
I got ice cream okay oh my god all these
dolls are brandon behind it like put it
in and won't even go in yeah they're
pretty make a figure whoa all right
see ah - dude I'm really good at putting
shin homes transfigured ha what you
think oh I'm gonna say like a feeling
that way you have to make it so big all
the way to the last one smallest I don't
forgot rent a table water
and today having a Christmas Stella
don't move - don't move ha ha ha no
Anthony give me I want to show Roma
what is this forget you Anthony guys oh
ha ha
Brian vocalizing I wear a hat you see
the right leg Andrew oh ma I see them
know I become about a third argument
role model you gotta flip this up ok
guys so um I don't know why when I wear
the talaq I just want to argue so I
brought Jackie upstairs just so we could
start an argument
take ourself this Brandon and all Fiji
and should I go hey man I'll Drive
anything how are you this Brandon heck
hey so where were we website you know I
text you like 800 you'd answer I texted
you eight hundred and eight seconds and
I got no reply eight seconds you made me
wait I got over but I was actually with
some guy his name is Brandon a lot is on
if you know him but and I thought about
the gym the other day you were talking
to a guy I think that was your brother
bottle tears you still tackle I was
talking to your brother I feel like this
is a little too familiar
is this a real you wait come because I
just listing about something else as I'm
sitting here come what we did last night
if you're right here you know what I
mean all right god I'm not gonna hold
back
I'm morning stop okay should I shut the
camera off yeah okay guys hold on okay
guys so for those wondering why me and
Jackie have not done a first night at
the new house vlog that's actually
because yesterday we were supposed to
sleep here but we actually ended up
going home we ended up you know we were
laying down we were chilling like over
here and okay we were in the fucking
bathroom and then at like 1:00 in the
morning we were sleeping and it was just
way too uncomfy on the floor so we got
up and we went back to the other house
you know the foam pit house that's what
I call it or should I call the owada
strap house that's what it is the trap
house and we slept over there so
actually I still haven't slept out this
house
damn you look good in a hat
yeah but I don't want you to wear that
one if it's going to make you argue like
me yeah we're waiting the other day no
no no yeah okay thank you
hey the Hat only works for me lucky to
have you work for me anyways this is oh
my god you don't already start my videos
up at the foam pit house when I set the
camera down this is a good thought what
is the other guys ready
thank you everyone and today I'll be
here and win for you
okay so we're really guys I want to
close this video out right now because
it's just getting way too long so I hope
you guys did enjoy this video I really
like today's vlog it was really chill
with means my girlfriend my family and
then all my friends shout out to all my
friends would come and do shout-out to
my mom and dad for the amazing food
they always cook up some really really
good food I had a great time play some
basketball and just hung out with my
friends up onto what my life's all about
family girlfriend and then my friends
those other guys I am so proud of him
because this is such an accomplishment
for him and I'm so happy
what is the accomplishment hell oh yeah
but I just like I'm so proud of him and
he's come so far and I can't wait for
Hanson is two million because heroes
don't so hard for you guys
I can't wait for you guys to see what we
have planned for this year so I'm
excited about that
thank you yeah I'm also excited about
all the new places in the town I know me
too
uh so uh I'm going cause we had gone and
I want to try the balcony honestly
anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video drop a like if you
did enjoy hit that subscribe button if
you're new and oh you have the ugly ones
know I know I look at ugly in that oh my
god wait I'll focus wait say bye to the
vlog Wow
oh wait are you playing at the gym
tomorrow morning okay I'll see you
tomorrow morning remote what do you mean
maybe I got her waiting online you just
call out of work basketball bro
if you already called out for the game
you might look all obviously at the gym
earlier Holly are you playing at the gym
or ladies let me out this is what
happens when you give all either Ark the
Arabic music hey Jordan knows you put
Filipinos on the mat hey they know
you're invited to the wedding officially
that's not fair all he knows
let's go oh shit
I mean Romel wait come up front you guys
all stand in one line cuz I'm gonna have
the things covered then we see the seats
form
yeah okay fine fine four corner you guys
see all we shaded here
no just no change I got your side be
touching each other and then you got get
it closer you could you want to fudge it
yeah-oh no yeah-oh you're cool yeah
smile Jay I keep keep looking keep
looking guys yo guys I can't believe I
went that whole 21 minute video I went
that whole day without mentioning this
one time so I'm glad I realized it right
now
today we have our basketball game and
since Christmas sellout with his injury
and Rob is on vacation we need one more
guy and unfortunately all you can't play
with us tonight because he's really
really busy so I picked somebody up so
in tomorrow's video don't they say we're
gonna have a special guest what you guys
thought I was going to tell you who was
today you guys thought I was going to
tell you right now who was no you guys
are gonna have to wait till tomorrow
it's going to be a surprise and we're
gonna have a special guest on our
basketball team and it's not going to be
oli so you guys need to be ready I can't
believe I didn't mention it so
tomorrow's basketball video our team
playing a game with a special guest
tune in I can't wait
