what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and today I'm bringing
you guys a video with the V innocent
Jackie hey so this video is something
that we never wanted to bring you guys
we never wanted to make a video on this
but for reasons that are going to be
stated later on in this video you guys
should understand so for those who
noticed and I'm sure a lot of you have
noticed because if you look through my
youtube comments or Instagram comment or
Twitter on any social media platform
that involves me or Jackie over the past
two weeks the only thing you will see is
Brandon and Jackie broke up Brandon and
Jackie are not together anymore
oMG did Brandon and Jackie break up and
that's just the only thing that's been
popping up in all my mentions and you
know at first I would ignore it I would
ignore it for reasons that me and Jackie
know but after a while it just got out
of hand and I don't blame you guys this
is our fault but I just got ridiculous
so we decided that we're going to make a
video and addressing it and telling you
guys the truth so a couple weeks ago
Jackie decided that she wanted to take a
little break not home that sounded wrong
yeah not not a break from this
relationship but she wanted to not be in
any videos for a little while and you
know I asked her why and she just said
pretty much that you know people are
trolled people are very mean me they're
very mean over the internet and you know
me and Brian we've been through
everything so we don't care about
anymore you know we read hey and we just
laugh we read hate comments and we look
at each other like oh Brian did you hear
what this hater said we just laughed
about it but then Jackie obviously she's
still new to all this and I don't want
to say it gets her because it doesn't
trust me I have a lot of friends that
are girls and then there's Jackie and
Jackie's a lot stronger than a lot of
girls that I know so I don't want to say
it gets to her but at the same time
she's human and just like any human
being if you see hate coming to you
constantly every single day when you
don't do anything I mean Jackie gets
hate for oh she's wearing a camo shirt
boom folks Jackie did you guys see her
wearing camo shirt oh she's wearing no
earrings well what the fuck Jackie
thinks she
wear earrings boobs like Jackie just
gets pay for stupid reasons and so even
though she's strong and you know she's
really really mature like she's human
so when you see hay rolling through
every single day because she's in every
single one of my videos then it just it
affects you in a certain way and a lot
of people out there won't understand but
to see it happening every single day is
just like it builds up it builds up it
builds up so when Jackie told me that it
was affecting her you know I respected
it I was like okay you don't need to be
in the videos of course I won't put you
in any videos I won't put you in any
snapchats I won't put you all over my
social media until you're ready because
you know yeah I love making YouTube
videos and this is my job and it's a
hobby but at the same time I have a real
life too and in my real life I have a
girlfriend and girlfriend is one of your
top priorities so I decided I was still
going to be making my videos you know I
can make videos on my own I can make
videos in my family I can make videos in
my best friend and I won't include
jacking them let her have her time off
and throughout this time off we
obviously still saw each other just no
camera we're with each other almost
every night I'm sure I don't know if you
can see a hickey somewhere over here so
that's from very don't worry
no you gave me a smaller the other day
because someone noticed it at the gym
but yeah jealous of me
Oh what are you no I'm just gonna be a
breakup video or you do that was enough
it was so so yeah we were still seeing
each other we just want to bring him a
camera out and I think the biggest
reason that you know she's not really
used to the hate is because when me and
Jackie started dating some people asked
oh how many subscribers did you have how
long were you doing YouTube and let me
answer that zero I was not a youtuber I
was not making YouTube videos of me and
Jackie we're dating I had just quit
Albertson's a grocery store and I was
going to college I was not a youtuber
and I had no plans of starting youtube
and so Jackie entered this relationship
not with a youtuber Jackie entered this
relationship with a normal college
student who has a part-time job at a
grocery store and that's it she wasn't
expecting any of this YouTube so she
wasn't expecting any of this you know my
whole life being on social media our
whole life being on social media so
first of all I give it a proper lasting
almost two years without saying anything
about it but for some
one who you know started dating you when
I was just a you know call it student
working a regular job with a girlfriend
I had no camera I had no YouTube channel
or anything on a side note I think it's
hilarious when people call her a gold
digger because in case you didn't hear
what I just said when we started dating
I was just quitting my grocery store job
I was broke I was a girl I was a
part-time grocery store worker trying to
pay college going to school full-time
paying money every single semester and
she was dating me before I had a youtube
channel before I had a camera before I
had any of the shit so for everybody who
called her a gold digger I guess you
could go dig a broke grocery store I was
a bagger I was a fucking cart pusher I
used to push all the cars and help all
the grandmas and grandpas to their car I
loved that job by the way and I was
paying for school I had no money in my
bank account and I was paying for my car
and you know trying to help my parents
out with money and look who decided to
date me before all the youtubers so for
those who call her gold digger yet tie
yourself on the back because you're a
fucking idiot I used to make branding
wait for me after clubs and not go it's
like my math class or something any of
you sitting down there they okay yeah we
work in college together before I had a
YouTube channel before any of these so
if you could be a gold digger for a
broke person who works at a grocery
store then Congrats because you did it
and this very break that Jackie needs
off-camera it's the same one that my mom
is going through my mom also is taking a
youtube break and she announced it like
last week and she said the same exact
thing as Jackie I guess girl just it's
great when I told Brandon you know he
seems to me it's different when you're a
girl because I feel like with girls you
know they judge you from the way that
you speak to your weight or like your
hair or your it's just it's a lot more
than like just telling ready no
Brandon's ugly like like Tamilian
dissing me always hate it I'll be like
yeah to me it's like a rule paragraph of
what like little things that they hate
about me and I mean you know it gets to
you no matter what like you can ignore
it for a long time but it's like
eventually yeah and so what I was trying
to say is that my mom and Jackie it's
funny because they always say that girl
to hang out with each other a lot they
start like feeling things at the same
exact
because my mom and Jackie kind of both
decided to take a youtube break at the
same time but they didn't even talk
about it they just both like both of
them just eventually the hate was just
too much for the both of them and so
obviously I respected it I started
making videos with other people
throughout this whole break was that you
know we would see each other off camera
I wouldn't put it in my snapchat because
even if she's not in a video if she's in
a snapchat people will still you know
screen sha and say some shit like that
so we decided just keep her off all
social medias what we planned on doing
was we just wanted going to say anything
about it because obviously the whole
plan was to get Jackie off social media
for a little bit and just get away from
all this hate all those tools on the
Internet
now what would happen if we made a video
thing okay guys so we're going to keep
Jackie off the internet for two weeks
volleyball then more people are going to
do it so we didn't want to make a video
on it what we decided Jackie was just
going to take her break I was going to
keep doing my thing and we were just
going to see each other off camera and
then whenever she was ready with adults
one week two weeks three weeks however
long she needed then we would just bring
her back into the video however you guys
aren't idiots
you guys aren't dumb you guys I have one
of the smartest fan bases on yes it's
crazy sighs yeah so obviously and it
doesn't take a genius to notice this
when Jackie has been in my videos nearly
every single day for the past year and a
half and then all of a sudden she just
disappeared people are obviously going
to assume that we broke up it doesn't
take a genius to assume okay
they obviously broke up so once we
started seeing those that first was only
here and there so we would be like okay
let's just ignore it and it'll go away
no after like a week every single social
media I own was blown up with did you
guys hear that Jackie and Brandon broke
up did you guys hear that they're over
so then we decided we still won't make
this type of video what we'll do is that
will just get Jackie so it was in
advance whenever how you will just get
Jackie back into the video then maybe
they'll stop the rumors so we brought
Jackie back into the videos No
rumors this up oh so you guys are back
together now are you guys back together
so we decided stop let's just admit the
truth and let's get this over with the
reason we don't want to admit the truth
is because I don't want to say it's
embarrassing for Jackie but like I said
Jackie is a really strong woman so she
doesn't want to come out on camera it
takes a lot of courage right now for her
to come out on camera because she's
almost 21 years old so it's hard for a
21 year old woman to admit that she's
letting hate from little kids these kids
on the internet at art world are like a
9 years old maybe 10 years old so it
takes a lot for almost a 21 year old
woman to come out and say yo I let these
little kids affect my life so much that
I had to take a break off-camera so we
never wanted to make this video I don't
want to say it's embarrassing but it
does take a lot for her to say it so I
give her props for even coming out right
now and saying it but the rumors just
got too much now we broke up so we had
to make this video and Jackie I know you
guys wish all the girls something bring
them so handsome they're so good I
thought you were the only one know they
exist
sadly my worst nightmare but I'm here
bitches
hey so yeah so we decided to make this
video that's the truth Jackie decides to
take a little break she took two weeks
off and technically it wasn't really a
break because throughout her whole break
she had to deal with people assuming
that me and her broke up and that's why
it's that's what the honestly I don't
blame you guys like I said it was our
fault we didn't want to say anything
because the hate would get worse but we
should have said something because
obviously you guys would assume we broke
up and that's our own fault I'm not
blaming you guys I'm saying why would
you assume we broke up no it's our fault
but like why would I break up with this
guy nice so handsome and so what Jackie
pretty much told me that she learned
from her little break because we were
like I said we were still seeing each
other
she pretty much told me that she learned
just like me and Brian that she doesn't
give a shit about all the Tay anymore
all she needed was just who me yeah she
doesn't give a shit about all those
trolls all she needed was this little
break to realize that she's just like me
and Brian she even started
screenshotting some of the hate she was
getting and sending it to me I'm
laughing and I'll be like yo is this
Jackie or Brian because that's what me
and Brian D so Jackie just needed this
little time off thankfully it worked
now she just she doesn't give a shit I'm
back in the better I do when I tell you
guys though that it's I think that it
sounds dramatic right now unless we're
talking about it but I feel like to
bring to be like oh come on you know
your soul why do you care but the thing
is that it's like I was never prepared
to be on camera as much as I am I wasn't
prepared today a youtuber like Brandon
listen a youtuber before I dated him so
so for I don't know color and gold in
your County everything is new to me like
it was all really really really really
quickly you know maybe I'll wear my hair
God one day and you guys have to you
know tell me I built up a lot you know I
gave him props for being able to take
any of do you think I'm ugly
thank you do you think I'm annoying
thank you I am ignoring the content and
that's how she feels now after taking a
little break so I'm glad she took the
break I was thinking what if after she
took this break she came up to me and
she was like yell this break didn't help
you know I don't know what I'm supposed
to do but thankfully I'm dating a strong
woman who came back from this break and
was like look those trolls those haters
I'm gonna shit and another thing I want
to give Jackie huge props for was
because when she started seeing all the
mentions about old Jackie and Brandon
broke up she told me she's like okay
it's okay if I'm not done with my break
I'll come back on camera because I don't
want people to think that we broke up
and I told her I said no it's okay let
people think what they want to think
take your time off if you don't want to
be on camera that's fine take your time
off and she would tell me no I don't
want people to think that we broke up so
even though I'm not ready to come back
on camera you know I'll come back and so
that's why you guys noticed even though
Jackie hasn't been in my videos in a
long time she would make these little
appearances like short clips in a blog
or remember when he came to my
basketball game
she filmed my whole basketball game for
me when I could have easily got somebody
else to do it but she just didn't like
seeing that people thought that we broke
up is that how much you love me so I
just want to give Jackie props that
throughout even during her break she
would still ask me hey babe you know if
you need a video idea just let me know
I'll stop my break and I'll help you in
the video and I'd be like no it's okay
and she'd be like no really I'll record
your game I'll be in a vlog with you and
she would also tell me if I can't think
of an idea with one of my friends or my
brother or my family
I can't make a video on my own than to
just let her know she would help me what
what a good soul not just I mean not
just bad that I felt really selfish
doing it like when I talked to Brandon I
think I had like a three-hour
conversation oh my god oh no how I saw
so much but hey not talked more in my
video but I feel really bad because I
thought I was being really selfish
towards him because I support Brandon's
job more than anything like I'm you know
like anything that has to do with
YouTube that he has to get done like I'm
here for it and I support it like that's
just how I am - it's him so a lot of the
times I was like listen like she need
help just let me know like it doesn't
matter if I don't want to be on camera
let's just do it you know that's why I
applauded what you guys didn't see off
camera was that even though Jackie
wasn't really in the videos she's still
helped me because when I was editing
these videos she would bring me food
when I was editing these videos and I
didn't have time to go somewhere she
would go to that place and bring
something back for me so even though she
wasn't helping me by being in the videos
with me where she was actually some of
the videos of me even during her break
but she was still helping me out while I
was editing and while I was trying to
think of something so it's just a good
person good great person so it was
really stupid of me and just really dumb
of us to think that we could just have
Jackie step off camera for two weeks and
then just come back and nobody assumed
anything we didn't really think that
through we're idiots
it's our fault that you guys were
assuming that we broke up so but there's
the truth we never wanted to make a
video like this but I think it's better
I think it's better we tell them yeah we
don't I don't ever want you guys to
think that me and him are gonna lie to
you - Heinie's from you I just hope you
understand the reason why we didn't make
this video because I didn't wanted the
hey that was the whole reason Jackie
wanted to step off camera would it
became worse if we made this video but
then after obviously all the rumors of
us breaking up we decided that I don't
care yeah we need you should make this
video and so yes closing video out guys
I really hope you do understand there
were a lot of people that were actually
tweeting saying we missed Jackie where
she we wanted more of your videos shout
out to you guys like we keep getting all
this like Oh Jackie stop being on camera
because of these haters haters it hated
that fuck the haters it doesn't matter
the whole reason she's back in the holy
she doesn't care is because of the
people
or her and because of the people that
support us together and so thank you
guys for that because I'm sure you got
to we're tweeting to her saying where
have you been we miss you and you're in
the videos you guys made it easier for
her to come back feel way better yeah
and I'm just glad that this mindset
turned into the same as me and Bronwyn
she just doesn't give a shit about the
hate Anna for those who do support us
also leave a comment because we love how
much I miss you guys a lot I really I
I've noticed so many of you guys and
that so many of you guys this past two
weeks but you know it just made me
realize like why do I even care so I
appreciate you guys made her decision
easier to come back and I want to thank
you guys you guys make our life a whole
lot easier you make our relationships
funner for everybody that supports us
and she's back whether you like it or
not for all you haters she's back so
deal with it and for all you people who
support us I'll give you two like that
so like one last shout out to Jackie for
so recording my basketball games and
still being in my videos just because I
didn't have ideas sometimes where I
didn't have someone to record even
though she was on her break I applaud
her and I think it's just creating out
her and my mom both like they just blew
up at the same time I can't do this
anymore of oba but I'm also very very
lucky and very blessed to have a
girlfriend who supports me either way
and I'm also glad that you know I had a
girlfriend who I could say was with me
from the start she was ooh me from the
beginning before this whole YouTube Fame
before one night cells before two
million cups before one subscriber
before I even had one subscriber I could
say she was with me when I was some
little kid working on a grocery store
going to school full-time trying to make
a living and yeah so I hope you guys
understand I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I apologize if it came out as you
guys think we were hiding something from
you it was just that we really didn't
want to make this video because her
whole break would have been much worse
so we decided to keep it quiet obviously
that didn't work and so now I'm making
this video we never wanted to hide
anything from you we just thought it was
in our best interest to not say anything
about it but Jackie back she's a shit
about today and yeah we're ready to keep
making videos together if we have so
many ideas for the new house well you
know what I haven't thought about any
video idea
but I've had other ideas so now guys
take it away
thank you so much for watching this
video please drop a like if you
understand where we were coming from and
you understand the situation also drop a
comment your support for Jackie for
being strong and not caring about the
hey and I hope you guys understand that
she didn't need this break just like
every other human if you ain't honestly
applaud Brandon for not taking a break
like he is such a strong man and so
handsome I don't know how you guys
become ugly honestly I'm the ugly I'll
go fuck I mean freak but guys yeah it
was just a small when you've given me
much where it's fun it's when you suck
the shit on a magnetic right there my
god thank you so much for watching I
love you guys all seas and Gaza I
honestly think it's hilarious that
Jackie gets hate because the things that
you read she gets hate for look she's
not a bad person she doesn't get hate
for Oh Jackie stole something Oh Jackie
is so rude and mean bah-bah-bah
she literally gets hate for like let's
say the watch she bought me last month I
don't even care I'm gonna say it was
over $1,200 and Jackie bought it for me
and she'll get hate like but what the
heck she spent so much money on Brandon
fuck Jackie like she or like she'll go
out with my mom I shall hang out with my
mom and as a boyfriend that's perfect my
mom and my girlfriend getting along
that's perfect and she'll get hate like
what the heck Jackie thinks mama rugged
your best friend like the things she
gets hanged for I just sit back and
laugh like or like how his girlfriend
and his mom didn't like me melons like
kill the whole relationship that's so
important to me as you like and I think
that's funny that people would hate like
yeah like Pete like could you imagine if
she was actually a bad person Mikey I
don't know you guys just find anything
to hate on and you guys do to me but I'm
used to it for Jackie like I said it's
just every single day just builds up and
builds up and builds okay I already know
some people are going to be like what
the heck Jackie why do you let the hate
get you ball-ball but just try to put
yourself in her position and you really
I don't think you guys would understand
it unless you are nervous
this is a girl who I don't wanna say
does nothing wrong because nobody's
perfect but she tries her best to be
really good and she'll get hate for the
stupidest things and it's not once in a
while it's every single day like oh did
you guys see Jessie she had one strand
of hair sticking up like it's no good
things like that so when you start
getting hate for someone who doesn't do
that much wrong it's hard to deal with
that especially when it's every single
day I'm just lucky to be dating someone
who just is so supportive of everything
and like I said even throughout my whole
break she would still tell me like hey
baby I know I said I'll take a break but
remember if you can't think of a video
idea just let me know and I'll quickly
and my break and I'll get back on camera
with you and I would tell they're like
no it's okay just take your break take
as much time as you need but she was
still supporting me through everything
that's the one thing about Jackie not
only she a good person you know
good-hearted but she's super supportive
of everything I do even if I want to do
something that she doesn't really agree
with she'll still support me through it
so for everybody who hates on Jackie
just I don't know good pat on the back
for being an idiot I guess I mean I
don't mean to call people who support me
and 88 but if you're only supporting me
and you don't support my girlfriend and
I don't need you to support me you
either support both of us or you don't
support any of us so am i calling my
fans idiots no because if you're hitting
on Jackie then you're not a fan of mine
I don't want you to be a fan of mine so
either you like both of us or you hate
both of us don't pick one or the other
because that's my girlfriend so you got
to deal with it she didn't even know
what YouTube was she didn't know not
only was I not a youtuber before we
started dating but she didn't know like
being on camera every single day she
would look when Jackie got asked out and
she said yes she got asked out by the
college student who was she wasn't
expecting to be on camera every single
day she wasn't expecting these daily
uploads she wasn't expecting this person
me to have a YouTube channel and so I'm
honestly proud of her and I wanted to
surprised that it took her this long to
explode because for someone who never
even expected to be on camera and Jackie
like she lived a private life like
Jackie wasn't really big on social media
she wouldn't really use to at issue
whatever lis use Instagram to use some
snapchat before we started dating
but that's why it's so crazy that now
our whole life is out there on social
media and I just applaud her for it
because this is coming from someone who
was more of a private person someone who
wasn't really big on social media but
she sacrificed so much like just to make
me happy she understood like okay this
is my boyfriend's job so I'm a supported
to it I'm gonna get used to putting
everything out there on social media I'm
gonna get used to putting my life out
there even though I was a private person
and so that's why I applauded so much
and I respected when she said she wanted
to take a break one of the first things
I told her was I understand and I'm
surprised it took you this long before
you exploded I was expecting it way
sooner and I felt really selfish when I
you know I shot him down and I talked to
him because I then one of me can feel
like he's swimming about position or
like oh this is his fault
or like that I was like no longer
supporting what he's doing because
that's no case at all and I needed a
break for myself you know and I think it
works you know I'm kinda yeah when when
she told me that she needed a break
off-camera
not one time that she mentioned I want
you to stop doing YouTube you know I
don't like that this is your job not one
time as you've mentioned that so for
anybody who's going to say oh she
doesn't support you all that no well you
know got it yeah there he probably wants
to die but it's just crazy to me how how
much you had to change your life for me
and that's why I respect her so much
because like I said there were nothing
told her that she had to be on camera
every single day when we started this
relationship and now she's had to change
your life and adapt to someone who has
to be ready for the camera to be in her
face at all times
and for someone who was such a private
person before it must be difficult but
she's used to announce I give her prompt
