what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robotics and currently I am at our
old house still our house I don't know
whatever you want to call it because we
still technically live here we got the
keys to the new house but we still I
don't know what you want to call it I'm
in this house right now but I'm about to
drive over to our new home our current
home I don't know this is all so
confusing I'm in this house right now
whatever let's call it the foampit house
hold on how do you the fuck this
it's the foampit house and I'm about to
go over to the new house you know the
one with the pool and everything because
there's a furniture designer right now
over there waiting everybody's already
dude they're just waiting on me because
I was working on my video I just
finished my video and so I'm gonna go
over we're going to meet up with the
furniture designer and she's going to
help us design our rooms we're going to
pick out all new furniture we're going
to see how we want to set up everything
in the house because right now that
house is pretty much empty there's no
bed it's just an empty new house we're
not going to pick up the furniture today
obviously we're just going to order it
and this should be really fun and
exciting so I can't wait to go see what
the family is already planning cuz I'm
sure my mom and dad are already talking
with her so I'm about to head over into
the new house and I'll catch up with you
guys over there
sound OH
it's for Brandon yeah exactly
uh-huh and then I have a one more coming
in her name is Jackie she'll be here in
a couple minutes
okay thank you well living in a gated
community you got to show your ID every
time you come in so if you're one of
those disrespectful people who used to
show up at our house all the time good
luck trying to get to this one you have
to show your ID to a security guard who
works here 24/7 so well these houses are
beautiful look at this this whole
neighborhood is amazing I act like I
know where our house is I don't even
know where I'm going okay it's not this
one I know it's somewhere around here I
just don't know exactly where is it this
one nope not this one
I don't think so actually where are thy
new home Oh shades right here so here's
how you like it saw Brian's range over
okay I don't even know where I'm
supposed to park honestly I'm just about
to park right here straight up shout out
to young Tillett for dropping his album
early this wasn't supposed to drop till
June and then randomly a couple of days
ago he just tweeted he said you know
what screw you and let's drop it right
now this is dope because I'm so happy I
got my baby back I don't think I
mentioned it in a video I just put on my
snapchat but I got my car back yesterday
so happy so I had to get the whole
bumper fix we had to get a new light
right here we had a buffer up everything
so it was in the shell for a while but I
finally got my baby back D book Devin
Booker is back don't get me wrong I like
the Lexus but man I love this car so I
loved it more than my family yes am I
just joking maybe but I do love this car
still guys the one thing I actually love
about this house and this community in
general is that the houses are so far
apart from each other so like we got our
house here and then the next house isn't
all the way till up the hill and then
there's another house till all the way
up there so it's like it's like you're
secluded it's like you're in your own
little area it's really quiet no one's
really bothering you I don't know it
just feels cool I don't know how to
explain it but let's get inside the
house as if you've never seen this on
Bronson ulis drew oh my god crying you
gave me a heart attack it smell another
vlog wah wah whee-wah how happy are we
happy where's my dog oh wait he's at
home I left him there I forgot was I
supposed to bring him guys imagine Frank
what would be the first prank in this
house not my deal I can't what you do
like yeah no that's what I'm imagining
you are they're fine I say put you from
the balcony into the swimming pool if
you make it into the pool you make it if
not then I have a video called phase
road deaths what oh my god if only I
knew how to swim the pool is so nice at
all if it's all 66 feet I'm only five
foot eight and a half
guys I would round roots jumping soon
rolly-polly on his shoulders yeah all we
could survive over six feet but people
are going golfing right now designed the
whole house or just saw rooms first
maybe if we have the whole thing today
South fellas
the whole family's here so yeah guys
right now we're waiting on the furniture
designer and we're gonna see what we're
going to do about the rooms fine how do
we decide which way we go up the stairs
like actually I want this yeah okay from
now on this is going to be my sign of no
suicide no if you go up this way you get
hit and if I go up that way then I get
hit god that's Farah our first cousin
she used to babysit us she said she used
to change our diapers and now we look so
old there it's only been like two years
okay wait where's my room over there
okay wait let me see your room first so
this is your no oh this is this okay
guys so there's Brian's room Ida
doubling up guys really I knew you were
scared come up every time you use the
bathroom just leave this window open so
that I can come in your balcony and
watch you all this fold just leave it
just do not do this all right wait let's
see my room okay guys so this bind room
guys Brian slept here alone last night
because we got the keys any super
impatient how many we have so Brian
sluttier by himself I don't know how
this is which one is my room right here
yeah okay guys so this is my room
wait where am I supposed to sleep over
here tonight Brian if you're sleeping
here than I will not to do here alone
what we're debating we don't know yet I
don't know if I'm gonna paint my room
orange or purple my family does it my
family doesn't want me to do it Brian do
you think I can't I'm a die-hard Phoenix
judge man look so ugly I don't care I'm
a Phoenix Suns fan I love the Phoenix
Sun and I don't know I don't know if I'm
gonna do it yet but I want to
all mediums with a championship in this
house the world may never know
no but we do know they're not gonna look
like a Jag sorry doesn't look yeah guys
my mom and dad don't want me to paint
the walls but when you're a crazy scenic
son Shane started outside of I know what
you have in mind of the shower because
it's not really what so imagine your
hand has to be like this like out of
Rizzoli's
but there's not really enough room so
that's the only thing online but other
than I you know cool if I only concerned
the shower with like my need to get it
wider cut my arm you know it need to be
extended what about you thing about it
Maginot in places like for me and Jackie
like okay guys so I guess this is also
going to be a part of my room I think
I'm going to turn this into my studio
this is going to be where I'm going to
edit my videos and probably film some
you know my boring videos where I just
sit down and talk kind of like the one I
uploaded yesterday I'll be doing it in
here so this will be my editing my just
wants to do I'll have my laptop in here
and I'll do all my work here so this
will be my room by sleep and you know do
the bad things in the shower and my
clothes and everything and then this is
going to be my editing room and that way
when I have to edit a super long video
and I get super stressed I can just come
out here and be like relax Brandon the
view is beautiful though for being
honest I really wish I knew how to swim
I know how to do this don't get me wrong
you know when you tippy toe at the
bottom of the pool and your face is over
like like that I know how to do that and
I know how to swim the jacuzzi don't get
me wrong I can hold my breath for like
13 seconds
shut up thank you thank you I appreciate
that
you want to go also see I don't see the
future room
his MTV Cribs yes that's what I'm
introducing you to oh wait hold on my
ways decide we have to come up this way
or else I get hit by Brian because we
just made that rule right now this is my
side and the punishments getting hit so
that is Brian's room over there so we
don't go there that's where his magic
happens to jacking off there's going to
be my editing room and what happens when
I'm stressed about that along okay guys
Jackie's clumsy G God can't doubt hold
on a sec sake now oh are you okay Dan
that most of her are you okay okay I'm
not gonna get out I'm gonna make that
the thumbnail I'm just joking okay well
obviously if you're not Kevin Durant you
can't step all the way from here all the
way there okay now come look at the real
room no I'm not going to make do your
walk over again just cause you fell okay
so those were some of the magic happens
but this is where the main magic happens
okay that's my editing room this is my
real room let me see my view nice I
could imagine Bali playing over there
and me screaming loudly no Bosley boo
like I could sit up here actually you
could well what a nice view oh my god
please don't tell me it's locked
oh yes yeah we need to change the
curtains I'm gonna paint it orange and
purple I think holy shoo
shall we go on so you save money oh my
selfie my selfie mirror no this is
myself computer our first Sofia yeah
good played sake show you outside my
alpha did not seem as bad postman okay
why do I look at the mirror or in the
phone because I always can freeze it up
there when you take a mirror picture do
you look at the mirror you look at the
phone we're doing it I look at the phone
they look there's my only complaint I
told Bryan cuz of the bathroom so
sometimes when you're not available
obviously like I do things in the shower
but like you know what like I do about
taking the shower when you're not
available solar to shower skinny like so
it doesn't have like you know how my
elbows would be like this
I like so you're just gonna have to
pleasure me more because I'm not gonna
be I don't have room to do that although
she ate in this house I don't know if
that's possible for you to pleasure me
more oh if only I didn't only own two
shirts guys look I have to close my eye
oh this rack is going to be all the nice
clothes that jackie has bought me that I
don't wear because I don't go out but I
still love them because they're really
nice and then this rack is going to be
for my plain white shirt and then this
rack is going to be for Mike a t-shirt
with you know the food you know the blue
pocketing right here I have two shirts
that I wear for a walk-in closet
okay someone stole my luggage thing
without telling me that was stashed in
my closet so someone must have went
through my stash yeah we can no magic
Lucy but I looked it up last night and
it's not healthy traffic's in a Jacuzzi
don't worry I already looked it up okay
guys so I don't know if you remember but
back in one of Brian's older videos I
said that my biggest thing about moving
into this house is that I wanted to
build a basket indoor basketball court
and we don't need to build a full
basketball court that would just be too
much too extra look I'm extra but I'm
not as exercised Jackie so I don't need
a full basketball court but I'm thinking
just this extra space of making it an
indoor half-court basketball court that
would be crazy I swear if I had an
indoor basketball court in my house I
real
don't think I would ever leave my house
I would never leave my house just think
about it I would never go to sleep
playing basketball all day by myself I'm
working on I just need to find some
people to talk to so that I could build
it and I wish that would be a dream come
true I'm not talking like bringing a
bass ball who from Target or Walmart I'm
talking about like an actual indoor gym
like a court Jeremy took hope from Bryan
side he's not going to know because he's
not looking now but Bryan when you watch
my video tomorrow please forgive me well
hopefully you skip through this park
okay guys so I trapped my parents right
now because we have a very serious
question so I was going through my
Twitter and YouTube comments and the
biggest question that I've been getting
is Brandon are you going to be painting
your new room orange or purple I thought
if I want to bryceton is going to ruin
the new house what do you guys think
definitely not how it's going to be my
editing room okay
pain that one no I got to paint my real
room I'm a real fan you don't have to go
on this channel being a die-hard fan I
mean I would rather die and not paint my
walls it's okay to be orange and purple
in this house this is Matt how nice it
doesn't often there's only few orange
and purple yeah obviously guys I might
have to respect my parents decision
sorry again why do I have to be a kid I
can't I be the parent how about we meet
in the middle for right now we won't say
we're going to paint it with your purple
and we won't say we're not going to
paint it well we will leave it up in the
air for now not painting this house
doesn't mean to you I think we're
treading towards not painting my room
guys fairs in shock because she used to
babysit me and Bryan and she just saying
how we grew up so fast and she's so
proud of us and everything
thanks Sarah okay guys so we're trying
to take out furniture right now but
they're not letting me get glass because
when the sons lose they're scared I'm
going to break so what if I want glass
am I not allowed to body material
yeah hopefully the sons do better next
even if I do get glass fine did you
already make a choice I like the first
one yes the first one was nice look
yeah don't copy me no no this one is
nice fine how about I picture the new
pic mine just like the little why so
yeah guys we're doing this process right
now we're still trying to pick and that
will update you when you guys want to
pick them out anymore can beat any J
wait you how'd you get in I know Niko's
all you have a code can you leak the
code guys they're making me be very
limited with my selection mom I'm
telling you the sons are gonna be better
next year I can get glad wait why do you
guys want me to get wood hey that's
great I'm not gonna break it don't worry
how old were we wanted to be used to
babysit in Dearborn since we were born
so my mom left us ever since we were
born
yeah Maude tell you your mom when she's
pregnant with you call me she's like I
need a name like Brandon so fair named
me yeah even if you bring your mom yes
so in your moment why she called me
look I need a name I'm like right away
I'm like Brandon like okay so why do you
pick Booker you know what I didn't know
him at the time you didn't know Devon
goes out I don't he wasn't born he was
I'm 21 years funny is it true Farrah
named me
she picked Brandon what you named a
Brian - Farrah I'm like Brian damn so
Farrah's like the dog whisperer but
further you wanted to be a wadis
whisperer okay hopefully this garage has
enough room to where I won't be hitting
the side of my car backing out I think
this has a little bit more room than the
garage we have currently guys the garage
at our house we were trying to fit two
cards in a one-car garage that's why I
hit my bumper maybe he just wanted to go
okay fine fine fine
the Beemer the Range Rover Mercedes and
what about my mom's caddy yeah dad when
did you put this on your truck I'm
serious the only one I'm putting my
name's at seven oh god nobody else no
but I thought it was on your Mercedes
not on your
and in mice Wow my dad I'm famous papa
I love it would you call me big papa or
rug okay guys we're trying to pick up
thumbnail there's a struggle of a
thumbnail behind the scenes
I'm guessing this video is going to be
titled showing girlfriend new house or
something like that
so let's try to get a thumbnail
something around that guys it's behind
the scenes of every youtuber it's just
that youtubers don't usually show you
this but I want to show you guys the
behind the scenes okay so yeah act like
you're coming up stairs yeah I always
feel like a director when I do these
thumbnails I could oh shit Oh Brian you
down as you ruin the thumbnail no you
could come in
Brian would this be a good thumbnail yes
okay guys we just thought of a better
idea for it some nail Brian rugrat we
just thought of a better time nail can
you just film it look time for this one
I'm going to be also with the light
coming in from there I can like then I
could just stand like this this is a
good one okay
we'll look at that house like straight
across do you think they ever look at us
and say guys like that house you stand
in the middle and then hold her yeah
just because the light from over in Bob
you just get more back oh okay I think
that's good but if you want to do
another okay guys that's going to close
out today's video I hope you enjoyed
watching this video if you did please be
sure to drop a like drop a like sound
familiar still sounds pretty familiar
hey I look after the best I copy the
best samples again songs to be notified
when I do upload every single day yeah
Brian I hope you get outro for me okay
alright guys thanks so much for watching
today's video if you enjoyed please be
sure to drop a like turn post are you
getting on to be nonviolent enjoyable
every single day subscribe if you're new
hope you guys did enjoy have a greater
day and other than that's an drug and
I'm out P but wait you have to love them
if we picked furniture so we couldn't
make a final decision on the furniture
because obviously that's a pretty big
decision we obviously narrowed it down
to a few but the lady's going to be
coming back soon
so we saw some that we liked we
eliminated some that we didn't like but
we didn't make a final decision on the
furniture we'll be doing that really
soon other than that I'm in love with
this new house Brian I know you're in
love with it oh you're in love with me
yes
look I'm not early Jackie right now bye
and we'll update you guys the second we
figure out which furniture now we're
going to choose and let's see what
Jacqueline have to say about the new
house thanks Sam
where's Bosley though I miss him yeah
he's coming wait he knows yeah oh wait
before we close the video I have to show
you the laundry room we saw I remember
the laundry room
wait what the laundry room is just like
a perfect spot mom I'm gonna show Jackie
laundry remember from yesterday my mom
knows look so you know in some videos on
the internet there's like a laundry room
and stuff so look look at this laundry
room
oh no I haven't done a video but there's
a lot of girls on the Internet this is
my favorite ah
show me
yeah I'm sorry the laundry room Oh oh my
god imagine this my god it's right a bit
look like hit the bait in the water yeah
but in the rest oh yeah yeah okay guys
thank you a thank you so much for
watching this video I can't wait till we
have all the furniture we have
everything so we could officially
officially move into this house other
than that but what is I'm out Brian Rd
gauges goodbyes Jackie out and yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video
