what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and I'm here today to
bring you guys a brand new video as many
of you guys know if you follow my
brother's channel which you should
because he's an awesome youtuber if you
watch my brothers videos obviously you
guys know that we recently purchased a
beautiful new home and with moving into
that new home comes leaving behind this
home obviously the home that we lived in
for over 17 years and the reason I say
if you follow my brother's channel you
would know that we're moving that's
because I actually haven't really been
talking about I haven't really mentioned
anything about it on my channel and I've
been noticing that a lot of you guys
have been asking me are you not excited
to move out with the family you know are
you even moving out with them why have
you not been mentioning this new house
and that's exactly why I'm bringing you
guys this video because I don't want to
keep thoughts lingering for you guys
that you guys are thinking maybe I'm not
happy with moving out or maybe I'm not
moving out with the family so I just
want to answer all those questions today
and let you guys know what the whole
situation is why have I not been talking
about moving into this beautiful new
home because that's what it is this
house is beautiful it's amazing it's
it's one-of-a-kind it really is and so
first and foremost what I want to start
off by saying is that one reason I
haven't been mentioning it too much is
because I don't really like talking
about leaving this house I love this
house man this is where I grew up this
is where everything started this is this
is just it's my place this is my home
you know living somewhere for 17 years
it's not easy to just let it go and just
okay time for a new house but obviously
do two reasons that you guys very well
know because all these disrespectful
people who watch our videos they know
our address it got leaked on the
internet and so they were just you know
doing a lot of disrespectful sub straw
house so we were forced to leave our
home and the fact that we're moving
because we were forced to move out
because of a lot of disrespectful kids
that don't respect our privacy instead
of moving because we wanted to and
because we were ready to move that's
what sucks that's what makes it like you
know fuck instead of moving because
alright family's time to move on top of
good peaceful you know time and then
move out it was all shit this place is
getting really dangerous you know people
know where we live and we have no
privacy we got a Russian move out I love
this house and I don't like to talk
about how we were forced out of our home
it's just not cool but that's what it is
the second reason and this is probably
the biggest reason that
haven't been talking about it is because
I didn't know that I was going to be
moving out with the family into this new
house until recently I've been so
stressed and I've been so I don't know a
lot of people have noticed like yo
Brandon you need to take a few days off
because you look stressed you look tired
and here is exactly why let me tell you
guys because a couple months ago when we
started going house shopping and you
know all my family work was excited and
they were looking at home that you know
talking to me about this and that Oh
Brandon we're going to move here move
there I started thinking to myself I
didn't tell anyone in my family this but
I was just thinking to myself like yo
I'm 21 years old
I turned 22 soon I have a girlfriend and
I'm in a serious relationship it's not
something small we're actually in a
serious relationship where we could see
each other getting married and starting
a family not anytime soon
for all you Brockie fans don't get your
hopes up we do plan on getting married
but not anytime too soon well I don't
know about what goes on in Jackie's ex
she's crazy but we do plan on it just
you know not in a couple months okay but
back to what I was saying you know I'm
almost 22 I'm in a very serious
relationship with a girl who is not only
my girlfriend but I see you as a future
wife and she's also my best friend I'm
always with her and so I started to
think to myself like yo when am I going
to realistically move out and I told
myself I'm going to be moving out soon
you know we don't live with our parents
forever and this is I'm around the age
where it's about time to start thinking
about moving out now a lot of people are
going to comment bro you're 21 you
should have already been moved out blah
blah blah but you guys don't understand
the Middle Eastern culture is different
all your Middle Eastern people out there
and I watch my videos you guys
understand what I'm talking about when
you're 21 years old and you're Middle
Eastern you might as well be 5 years old
because it's the same thing typically
generally when you're Middle Eastern you
don't move out until you're married or
you don't move out until who knows 23 24
years old so for everyone commenting oh
you should have already moved out when
you were 18 that's not how it works for
families like this especially such a
close-knit family like my mom dad my
brother we love each other so much why
would I want to leave them I love them
so but I started thinking to myself you
know even if I do move out when I'm
married or even if I do move out when
I'm 23 or 24
that's coming up right around the corner
let's say I do decide to marry Jackie
that's going to be happening eventually
so I started thinking to myself yo
what's the point of moving out into this
new home this new mansion with my family
if I'm just going to be leaving in like
a year what would be the point of that
should I just move out on my own right
now you know should I just go out and
look for a house for me and Jackie and
live with her right now
and so ever since we started looking for
this new home my mom dad and Brian they
were all 100% in on the plan you know
we're going to move out we're going to
buy this and then I was stuck in my own
little world just thinking day and night
without telling anybody I wasn't telling
anybody just thinking stuck in my head
is the first time I'm coming out with it
like yo am I going to move out with my
family or am i or is it time to leave
them and move in somewhere by myself you
know it's not that I didn't think I was
ready to move out by myself
but I know it would crush my mom's heart
if I were to move out obviously she
loves Jackie and if I were to move out
she would only want me to move out with
Jackie she would love if I lived with
Jackie but my mom loves me she doesn't
want me to move out yet and so I was
just thinking and thinking and thinking
and I was telling myself is there even a
point to move into this new house just
for like a year or should I just live on
my own and I couldn't my brain was gonna
explode
I was like yo I need to figure this out
now I'm just listening to Brian videos
saying oh yeah me my brother my mom my
dad we're all moving in and in my head
I'll be like yo I don't know yeah I
haven't made a decision and it was so
rushed and I was so stressed and I
didn't know what to do you know moving
out is it's something small it's not
like you're at the store debating
between M&Ms or Skittles it's not like a
small decision this is you're debating
between should I move out on my own with
a girlfriend or should I move out with
my family like yeah I didn't know it
wasn't a small decision and so what's
weighing on me and weighing on me and I
just I didn't know how to react so I
just stayed quiet I apologize for that
if I confused you guys I just didn't
know how to react and so I finally spoke
to my mom I spoke to my dad and I told
them what was going on and rightfully so
just like I expected they were
devastated they didn't want me to move
out by myself not because they don't
think I'm ready not because they don't
want me to live with Jackie but just
because it doesn't matter from 21 years
old almost 22 I'm still their little boy
in my mom 10 I'm still a little baby to
her
so she doesn't want me to move out she
said she would she doesn't know what she
would do if I were to move out on my own
and that she wants me to live with them
she said she loves being around me every
day she loves waking up and me being
there and so you know I told them all I
can understand I love you guys too I
would never want to wake up and live in
a home where you guys aren't there but
then I broke it down to the myvideo
eventually that's going to have to
happen and eventually when I turned 23
24 I can't keep living under the same
roof as you guys so it's going to happen
eventually and they were telling me they
were like yeah we understand we just
don't want you to go right now you know
we love how we're such a close-knit
family and all this and I'll just stuck
I was stuck my brain I'm telling guys
every day every night I couldn't sleep
because I was just thinking my whole
family you know they're signing papers
for this new house and you know they're
putting my name under all the stuff but
in my head I'm like I don't know what
I'm going to do so I have to tell them
now like if I decide to move out on my
own I'm gonna have to tell them they're
gonna have to cancel all the plans and
look for a new home my biggest thing was
just thinking like you know even if I
move in with my family I'm going to be
moving out in a year anyway so I would
be putting so much time in this whole
moving process and I'll be putting so
much money down because hey in case you
guys didn't know this new house is very
very expensive so I'd be spending so
much time just getting used to the place
and spending so much money financially
in this place on my room on my stuff
when I'm just going to be moving out
with Jackie in like one year so it's
like in my head I was just thinking is
it worth it like it's probably going to
take me a full year just to get used to
living in a new house and then boom once
I got used to living there I'm gonna
have to move out again solid your thing
is it worth it is it worth it to just
move out for only one year it's just a
really weird feeling and it sucks not
being on the same page with your family
you know you have your mom dad and
brother all excited and you know yeah
we're moving into a new house and we're
so happy and let's celebrate
all excited and then you have me the
lone one in the family like yo I don't
know what I'm going to do and I'm just
sitting there like I need some time to
think like this is a life-changing
decision and it's just it's not cool
like it feels weird being on you know
opposite ends with you're fit with your
own family so I just it was so much
stress and so after long thinking you
know after a very very very tough
decision making I
decided I don't want to crush my parents
hearts like as much as I would love to
move out into a place on my own as much
as I would love to be telling people yo
you know I'm 21 and I just bought a
place for me and my girl to live in as
cool as that sounds and as fun as it
would be even Jackie's mom she loves me
so much she said she's ready you could
take her when you want so you know
everything was sent to place for me and
Jackie to move out like okay Brian my
mom and dad you guys go into a new house
Brandon you're in a serious relationship
you're almost 22 years old you go move
out but actually talking to my mom and
dad they didn't want me to do that and
as much as I would love to do it for
myself sometimes you got to put your
family first you got to put your family
before yourself you got to put your
appearance ahead of you you're right
here but your parents will always be
above you these are the people that
raised you they brought you into this
world and I may be 21 but if your
parents don't want you to do something
that's still mom and dad and you gotta
respect that so I told them you know
what fine I'll move in with you guys and
I'm not gonna like it kind of ease my
mind even if there wasn't 100% the
decision that I want I would have made
on my own see I did want to move out I'm
not gonna lie I wanted to move out and
kind of start a new chapter in my life
but at the end of the day us middle
Easterns we don't move out this early
it's just it's weird you know especially
considering how close me my mom and dad
and Brian are I wouldn't want to do
anything to potentially ruin the family
bond I want to want to move out by
myself and you know kind of stray away
from the family I want to be as close to
my family as possible because at the end
of the day family is all you got look
that's what I have this tattoo I don't
know if you could read it but it says
family it's forever and that's true
family is forever
so is it going to suck moving into this
new place and investing so much money
into this new mansion and you know
spending so much time trying to get used
to a new house just to move out again
and start the whole process over in like
a year yeah that's going to suck but at
least I know that I'm helping my family
out by making this decision that's one
of the biggest reasons why I haven't
been mentioning anything about this new
house whereas on my brother's channel
day in and day out day in and day out
he's making videos about new house days
new house that new house is and that's
because I honestly didn't make a
decision that I was going to be moving
out then until recently I didn't know
what was
going on and it was so stressful because
I'm telling you every single day there
would be the new paper that my family
would sign and there would be these
emails that my family would sign and my
name was under all of it but in my head
I'm like fuck I haven't made a decision
yet like so I haven't made a decision
yet but I'm being so rushed to like make
one and obviously that's how my family's
fought understand we had to rush because
with everything that goes on you know
outside of our house is just crazy like
my mom is too scared to even take out
the trash my mom is scared to even live
in her own home and that's not right so
I understand why they had to rush the
process because we have to get out of
this house as soon as possible people
that they just have no respect these
fans they call themselves fam but they
come in and disrupt our privacy and
everything selfs at the end of the day
as bad as I wanted to move on and start
a new chapter in my life like I said
sometimes you got to put yourself second
put your parents first and if that's
what my parents wanted me to do I don't
care how old I am those are still my
parents and I got a respect in so I did
make a decision a couple days ago that I
will be moving into that new house and
it's beautiful it's beautiful and let me
tell you the second reason I decided to
move in with them and not move out on my
own so you guys have seen the house it's
beautiful it's big it's it's amazing to
actually walk into a house like that
it's just beautiful and obviously I'm
really really blessed to even be in a
position where I have a choice to live
in this house I'm really blessed to even
you know be telling myself well this is
my home I'm very blessed very lucky and
very thankful but here's the thing me
and my brother are heavily helping out
my parents financially moving into this
home you know this is our fault that
we're going to have to move the
disrespectful people that found our
address and they come by and disrupt my
parents privacy that's mine and my
brother's fault because we have YouTube
channels so we're not going to have my
parents move out into this mansion and
expect them to pay for most of it now me
and my brother are going to be helping
out financially a lot and so the thing
was if I ain't moving with them and they
didn't get my help financially they
wouldn't have moved into a house that
night or that big they would have had to
cancel everything and start looking all
over again into a lesser area and don't
get me wrong
obviously even if the area is lesser
than that house of the house and we're
thankful to even be in a position where
we could buy a house but like I said
sometimes you got to put your parents
first and I want my parents to live the
most beautiful life that they could live
I want them to wake up every day and
wake up in the home where they're like
wow this is beautiful
I want my dad to keep back
relax and just have a few drinks by the
pool and look at this legs and be like
well my two kids put me in a home like
this I want to make my parents proud you
know my dad has been working and working
and working to make me and Brian proud
his whole life and it's time we do the
same it's time we return the favor they
wanted that new house they really wanted
it my brother my mom my dad they all
wanted it and it was just on me if I
decided to move out on their own they
would have to start the whole process
over and look for a different house but
if I decided to move in with that since
I would be helping them financially we
would be able to pay for the Tallis and
my parents would be relaxed and that's
what my parents wanted they wanted this
house and like I said sometimes you got
to put your parents first and you got to
put yourself second and my parents have
been providing for me ever since I was a
fucking kid my parents have been there
for me ever since I was a little boy and
it's my turn to return the favor if they
want to live in this house and the only
way they can live there is through my
name Brian's helped we owe it to them we
owe them that and more we owe them this
new house and more not just this house
and so I just want to put my parents in
the best situation possible it sucks
waking up knowing that my mom's too
scared to take out the trash at night
because there could be something going
on it sucks waking up knowing that my
dad has to come back from work at
midnight and there could be some people
waiting for him outside it sucks knowing
that we're living in a place where we
can't even feel safe in our own home so
what I wanted to do I wanted to put my
parents in the best possible situation
and let them know yo if you guys want to
move into this house let's do it it's
all up to you don't worry about me
I'll figure out my life in a couple
years you guys not to worry about me and
so that's what it is we decided to
purchase this house me and my brother
will be helping out heavily financially
and I have no problem doing that because
my parents did everything that I wanted
for me when I was a kid if it wasn't for
that I wouldn't have been in this
position to succeed so I got all to them
it's all thanks to my parents that were
even living this life from my dad
working all those long weeks and my mom
helping him out so it's mine and Brian's
turn to return the favor and they wanted
this house really badly so I wasn't
going to be selfish and say well I know
you want this house but I want to move
out so you guys just find a letter house
note I said I said you guys picked the
house and if you guys need my help
financially then I'll move in with you
guys we could do what you guys want I
mean yes there are your reasons I hope
you guys understand why hadn't really
made any vlogs of that new house
I haven't really been mentioning it the
truth comes out I kind of feel less
stressed I feel relieved that I let it
all out I was holding it in for so
freakin long and it sucks it sucks I'm
going to miss this house um I love the
top man everything started here
everything from me and Jackie first
started talking to me and Brian started
on YouTube - growing up - just
everything this is my house it's my home
and won't feel right calling anything
else in my home except for this one but
hey this is life things happen you got
to deal with it and we got plenty of
position where we had to move we were
forced to leave our house and that's
what we're going to do anyways I hope
you enjoyed today's video I had to let
you guys know what's going on because my
head was just it was just mmm it was
boiling down on me so that's why I
haven't really mentioned it I hope you
guys understand and I just decided to
stay quiet because I didn't know how to
explain it but today I finally said you
know what I've been getting too many
comments saying yo are you even happy
that you're moving into the new house
are you not excited what happens you've
been talking about it here's my answer
yes I'm extremely excited I'm extremely
happy it's beautiful I can't wait for
the whole moving process the only reason
I was so quiet because I didn't know
what was going on I didn't even know if
that was going to be my house I didn't
know everything I was just too stressed
but now that I've made a final decision
whether I like it or not my parents are
happy with it which makes me happy with
it that's the biggest thing so I can't
wait to move out it's going to be really
really really fun journey a new chapter
in my life and we're going to see what
happened so guys thank you so much for
watching this video the wall squad I
love you guys all I love each and every
single one of you and I can't wait to
bring you guys into this new chapter in
my life new journey and you guys are
going to be witnessing everything of
this new house at the same time I am so
taking up so much for watching this
video guys and guys it's so weird
because for months now my family has
already been celebrating and so happy
that they're moving into this new house
and you know they're probably over it at
this point at this point they're
probably like okay yeah cool we got our
new health but me since I just found out
that I'm moving in a couple of days ago
it's like the whole process is just now
starting for me so I'm all excited I'm
all like oh yay dope we got a new house
and my family right now they're probably
like yep and then we've known this for
months now so everything to me is like
how my brother felt like two months ago
I'm super super excited I'm really
excited everything so new to me and then
my family is all over here like yeah
brain and this is how we felt like two
months ago you're a little late buddy so
it's like just now I'm ready to live the
excitement of yo we got a new home we're
about to move in
