what is going on you got Brandon here
aka bruh water and today we are going to
be going to downtown San Diego which is
one of the most heavily populated in
homeless areas in the United States and
we are going to be feeding everybody
there I plan on going to a fast food
joint and bind
I don't know hundreds of burgers and
handing it out to those in need
I'm very very blessed and thankful and
very lucky that I'm in a position where
I'm able to help those in need and I
want to take full advantage of it I'm
not a selfish person so if I'm able to
help others I want to help others I did
something like this a while back when I
went downtown and I gave pillows and
blankets to the homeless people down
there and I promised them that I'll be
back and I'm very excited to do this I
love doing things like this and I hope
that after you guys watch this video
that you want to do stuff like this too
because I want you guys to notice I want
you guys to notice the excitement and
happiness of those people face it after
they receive some food or after they see
someone trying to help them just look at
the smile on their faces
it's a beautiful expression so I want
you guys to notice that and I want you
guys to go help if you could as well
anything helps remember that anything
else and if you're going to say some
stupid stuff like Oh somebody else
already did this you didn't give credit
to them or oh you're copying this guy's
idea this guy already did it yo I don't
care if somebody already did this or I
don't care to give credit to somebody
for doing this because the point of this
video is not to give somebody credit my
point of doing this is to help those in
need my point is to go feed the homeless
if you could sit through this video and
watch it and the first thing that goes
through your head is all over and in
their credit this or that person then
you're heartless you're something wrong
with your brain the point of this video
is to show you guys that anything helps
and you guys can go out and put a smile
on people's faces that you don't even
know I'm just going to wait around for
them to be done I don't know how I'm
going to take yeah we're going to wait
for the food to be ready and then we're
going to go feed the homeless of San
Diego I can't wait to do this I don't
know about you guys but whenever I do
something like this
whether it's 40 homeless or whether it's
for people who are struggling whether
they're struggling with money or food or
just struggling with life in general if
they're upset or in a sad or bad mood
when I help someone in need it just
makes me feel so good again
I'm not only talking helping someone
with money or helping someone with food
even if someone is depressed or in a bad
mood and I could just talk to
to make them feel better it just makes
me feel like such a good person inside
so I can't wait to go pick up the food
and just go see the faces on these
hungry people that have been sitting out
maybe they've been waiting and waiting
for someone to even drop a piece of food
just so they can pick it up off the
floor and eat it and I can't wait to
show up with some you know warm food
it's something that hasn't been eaten
out of something that they don't find in
the trash something that I'm actually
going to go pick up from a sword and go
deliver it to them I just I can't wait
to see the looks on their faces and you
never know some of these homeless people
maybe they've been sitting out maybe
they have an 8 and days two or three
four days I've gone by and they haven't
ate anything we never know or maybe the
last meal they ate was something that
they found in the trash or maybe the
last nail to ate was something that you
know someone just threw on the floor out
of their car and they ran over to it and
picked it up and ate it the thing about
homeless you never know the situation
that they're in so anything that you do
could help I just can't wait for this
I'm super excited for this I'm super
excited I can't wait to go make some
people's days hopefully they smile
hopefully they're really happy and I'm
gonna bring you guys with me for the
whole entire journey so let's go make
some people's day okay guys so my mom
gave me the idea is to also take a
couple cases of water bottle so mom
thank you for that you know today it's
done instead of getting the food from
right here and driving all the way to
downtown the food might get cold if I
did that so I decided I'm going to go to
a McDonald's right next to where a
majority of the homeless population is
located so that when I pick up the food
it could still be hot and fresh right
when I give it to them so we're going to
try to make this a better experience for
the homeless that we could mom if you
want to follow me to the car but I just
want to say I'm very proud of you really
smell is good you have such a good hide
thank you hopefully karma can repay me
on the sons win a championship one day
because see I get one more yeah okay
guys well I'll pick up the video when we
get to downtown then get to the
McDonald's let's see what the McDonald's
employees have to say when I step up to
the register and order hundreds of
burgers the newer things and how to
record their reaction if they know for
what it is for they'll be very happy
hopefully okay good luck if I'm already
going to surprise the homeless why would
I bring them food that might be cold and
I'm sure I'll find a McDonald's over
there there's a McDonald's at every damn
corner of the United States oh I'm sure
I'll find one over there and that way
when I pick up the food it could still
be hot and warm I want to give them one
of the best experiences of their life I
want to do something for these people
that they're going to remember for a
really really long time
some of them might remember me when I
went there in the winter and I bought a
lot of blankets and pillows for the
homeless who knows they might remember
who I am
and I want to let them know that there's
still some people in the world who are
willing to help there are still some
people in the world who care about them
because when you go homeless you kind of
start to think that you're all on your
own and nobody cares about you and
everybody neglects you and that might be
true for the most part but I want to
show them that there are still some
people who are willing to help them
there are still some people who do care
about them and we'll see I just want to
make this memorable for then I want them
to remember this day we go fuck-boy
coming to help okay guys so we made it
downtown now I'm just looking for a
McDonald's near here yeah that's what
I'm saying there's McDonald's on every
corner in the United States
so we're downtown right now beautiful
downtown San Diego yeah we'll see how
long it's going to take them to make all
those burgers we have arrived at our
destination god Anthony's already
talking about the food that he's gonna
buy for himself he said oh a McFlurry
the guy looking again 200 meters from
McDonald's $1
you have any things they're not going to
have 200 burgers Anthony in it they're
going to freak me are you dumb they're
always going to have 200 burgers here
what on earth are you honoring Anthony
listen this McDonald's I guarantee you
has 1 million frozen burgers you're
telling me they can't make two meters
they can I get 100 McDonald's hamburgers
you can say I'm gonna say 200 crack yeah
I'm getting too much do not want a
girl's limit for how many cheeseburgers
you can get
okay there will be today
okay got oh my god okay guys so there's
going to be a 45-minute wait to yell
dude at the elk is a damn background
music at McDonald's are so loud so
saxophone my god play it play the
saxophone hey guys I actually just ran
into a huge fan won't say what's up hi
tell them your name something on my name
is Karina the reaction on her Facebook
class since I had to get her in the vlog
it was so funny
thank you for watching my videos though
okay guys so an update on the food the
lady saw me and she said hey I'm so
sorry but we got a really big rush so we
kind of held off on making your burgers
and I shall give me a call when it's
ready okay guys so we're still waiting
on the food it's been it's been almost
two hours now and we came across two big
fans again
Alexis and Claire do you guys want to
say what's up there applause thank you
guys for watching my videos okay guys so
they're all ready right now
and Wow so we have three Boston but wait
I realize to take the boxes I don't know
man
how bean I think I take all the soma
just beat it 10 days for dinner
okay guys so we got one boss here one
box here and then one in the trunk each
box holds 65 cheeseburgers for a total
of 195 195 cheeseburgers hey no Anthony
oh my gosh securing but I'm securing my
dinner it's not for you okay guys so I'm
really really excited finally the wait
is over it's been about Drake future
have some respect out I'm recording I'm
going to feed almost 100 people and I'm
ready
I can't wait but like I was saying
earlier in this video you never know
these people's last meals could have
been something that they found in the
trash we never know what they're going
through so now to deliver all these
burgers it's going to be a really really
good time you ready yeah I'm ready man
let's do it
guys another thing I'm excited about I'm
hoping some of the people here are gonna
remember me from when I donated the
pillows and blankets because a lot of
them I stayed and talked to some of them
were sports fans and you guys know me I
was bored yeah I came here lost a couple
months ago and it was winter to me so
yeah guys I want to see if some of them
remember me because I thought connection
when I was talking to them I wanted to
make friends I wanted them to feel like
they had friends so I'll see if they
remember me hold it down you go have a
blast
I just want to know what you're gonna do
with all of that ain't got a sale where
so you can have it all
wash your feet off eliminated you got me
people when it's going down oh there we
go
ok guys so I found the exact spot that I
was out last time and it's actually
really sad right now because there are
so much san diego's one of the most
heavily populated homeless areas and
it's actually really sad so I can't wait
to give out some food and hopefully make
these people of days I don't want to
keep talking I just want to go out and
do it so yeah let's get started okay
let's get the ball town
ah
Oh
I can't hear you
now that's out of your the way the couch
particle web of my now I feel you bro
we're from air makes us oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh yeah fourth row enjoy that
I want to say what's up mom are you
proud of me I go
oh I see so much thank you thank you
just think life is no longer you got
high I bought whatever you want overall
well goodnight guys sorry
water people do wrong there's no
population
even though he'll not start right now
it's powerful with audiences we're just
don't worry Brendan thank you thank you
lord thank you oh you noticed a time for
the video you know blah got a place to
live okay yeah for a lot a lot of bike
ride yeah probably got drunk at longer
than me oh my god Cairo yes thank you
guys
so y'all will just I know we just went
over here yeah first I'll enjoy it I
just went over before here someone to do
something for everybody over here guys
it feels so good right now everybody's
so happy I promised somebody
so we're having to come I promise
waiting for the girl but I pulled all
these lizard oh shoot over here does
that hurt
okay God we're almost outta here yeah
okay you comfort the fungi think you've
got your phone going man I'll meet up if
I have any more I'll meet up with
mascara hey here here again I one more
dish okay thank you doing that bottom
line but it's funny he's like fat boy
gotta eat want some burgers
no song
go home thank you lord
I like that you're reading too huh baby
Sadie oh yeah good at five no fungi sir
walking through it
fine yeah of course my boy Bridget come
on with washbag
give me committees okay okay yeah fourth
row nice is what girl good
what's their names Chiba that's a cute
dog
see you guys - bye guys biggis imagine I
imagine that I'm getting good karma for
doing it I understand a bird she's
always that last one I promise a lot of
people water over here and so I see some
people that I promise
have a good memory someone gets
underwater we have one more say for
water still want the water okay let me
enjoy that
okay then lug with that arm workout and
I promise a lot of people all the way
down there so we got to walk back are
you proud of me it was good we fed
everybody I bought almost two hundred
yeah I said I told my mom I'll make her
proud man guys ought to close this video
out I just want to speak to you guys for
a little bit I feel so good right now I
don't know my heart feels warm like my
body just feels it feels good I mean did
you guys see the smile on all those
people's faces and you know everybody
tell me god bless and thank you so much
it's the thing that touched me the most
were that some people told me to send a
message to my mom and tell her that she
raised a good son and that's like like
that's something that it just feels
really good to hear from me like some
people really told me go tell your mom
that she raised a really good son so it
just feels really good god I'm really
happy with what I did today and I hope
that I made those people's data I hope I
put a smile on everybody's face and
trust me I'll be back for them I want to
make those people my friends I want to
let them know that just because they're
homeless and they're neglected on the
side of the street that there's still
some people who care for them you know I
want to make them feel that like they
have someone they're not by themself
because everybody needs companionship
everybody needs friends so I want to let
those people know that I'm there for
them from time to time I'll go visit
them and I just want to let them get
comfortable with me so this is just a
start and again like I said if you guys
are complaining in the comment section
about oh he didn't give credit to this
person or he didn't get credit to that
person well if that's your biggest
takeaway from this video then i don't
want
you watching my videos if you watch this
video and you saw all those homeless
people you know receiving this food and
being so happy and the first thing that
goes to your mind is Oh Brandon give
credit to this person instead of oh well
I'm so happy for those homeless people
they're finally going to eat then
there's something wrong with you so once
again I am NOT going to credit anybody
the biggest takeaway from this video
should be helping the homeless donating
to the homeless not oh my god he didn't
credit this person for doing it if
that's your biggest takeaway after
watching this video then I can't help
you I don't know what to tell you and
for everybody who thinks that you have
to go out and buy 200 cheeseburgers or
go buy pillows and blankets to go help
the homeless you don't have to do all
that honestly even if you go over to a
heavily populated homeless area and you
just talk to them for a little bit or
you just even donate something small
maybe a doll or maybe some change or
just some food that you're not going to
eat that's been in your house and you
know nobody likes that type of food and
you want to donate it to them even
something small everything helps guys
don't watch this video and be like oh
well I can't donate two hundred burgers
so I can't help know anything helps God
even a conversation just make them feel
like they are friends obviously this
isn't documented as much when you talk
about homeless everybody talks about how
they don't have money they don't have
food but they also don't really have
companionship and I think that's really
really important so even making a friend
with one of them is really cool and I'm
just really really lucky and I'm
thankful and blessed to be in a position
where I can help other people and that's
why I take advantage of it you know some
people sit in a position that they are
they have a lot of money and they're
very high up in the world and they don't
do anything to help out they don't help
they don't donate which is fun that's
your own life but for me the way I see
it you know I put myself in a position
to be here God told me decision to be
here and my family put me in a position
to be here and all the variables put me
in a position to where I'm able to help
out where help is needed I'm able to
help the homeless I'm able to help
somebody in need so why not do it I
don't need to keep everything to myself
I'm not a selfish person so when the
time and opportunity comes like today
and I have some free time why not go
help out some people in need anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
video anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I feel great and
it's definitely not going to be the last
time I'm over there mom I told you I'll
make you proud I told your mom
member guys anything help and hopefully
those people remember who I am when I go
next time and I can make some friends
and let them know that they're not alone
in this world anyways thank you guys so
much for watching this video I really do
appreciate it
and peace out guys and I know a lot of
people are going to be upset because I
did this on camera oh you should have
done this off-camera oh you're trying to
make yourself look good by doing this on
camera that is not my point my point of
bringing a camera along by doing this is
to show people that you can help the
homeless I want to show people look at
the smile that you could put on
somebody's face that you don't even know
I want people to watch this video and
look at the mood change of the homeless
from when I first got there to after I
left just a little bit of conversation
and a little bit of food can change
their whole entire day and maybe change
their whole entire life who knows I'm
hoping maybe some people watch this
video and go out and help out more I'm
hoping some people watch this video and
be like yo I want to make someone smile
like that and they go and help somebody
else they don't even have to be homeless
you you could help anyone out let's say
someone's in a bad mood let's say
someone's just feeling down and because
I know I'm in a position where some
people look up to me and copy what I do
some people watch my videos and they get
the same here could that be some people
watch my videos and they get the same
jacket at me so my mindset is yo if you
go watch my videos and copy me with my
haircut or going and play basketball
because I play it then hey I just went
out and helped the homeless so you guys
can come to me with that too so my
biggest thing is just showing people yo
you guys can help - anything helps I
want people to watch this video and see
the smile on all those people's faces
and think to themselves yo I want to
make someone smile like that and to all
you people who copy me for the weird
things that I do like getting your cut
every week and playing basketball every
single day and I want you to copy me
with this thing - why not once again
I'll repeat myself for the last time if
you're watching this video and you're
pissed off because I didn't get credit
to somebody else who's done this or
you're mad because I should have gave
someone credit you you're heartless your
effect - your biggest takeaway from this
video and setup oh well that's so cool
that the homeless are getting some help
that's so cool that the homeless are
being said if your biggest takeaway is
oh he didn't credit somebody that I just
don't know what to tell you
