what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka robot is and today I'm bringing you
guys a video with my favorite parent dad
if you're watching this you're also my
favorite pram when you're in my videos
but since my mom's in my videos and
she's my favorite parent but it's okay
hi guys I'm here with my beautiful mom
mom I like this was very my Superman
Kaylee no it's not the shawl a show
mmm-hmm well I like it whatever it is
thank you anyway that me and my mom are
going to be telling you guys a story
well actually my mom's going to be
telling you guys a story because I don't
know this story and first of all let me
give a round of applause to my mom
because she was supposed to be taking a
break off of YouTube she kind of I don't
want to say that the cameras were too
much but she's been in so many of my
brothers videos in so many of my videos
ever since we started and now she has
her own channel so it just kind of got
too much too fast so she's just taking
like a little break like one week off
but she decided that she'll help me out
with a video today so shout out to my
mom for that and so I'm about to go play
my basketball game I'm filling in for
one of my boys I'm about to go play some
basketball and I'm not going to be back
until later tonight so I wanted to do a
quick little video quick little story
time so I went up to my mom and I said
mom what have we encountered you know
something funny or something scary in
our lives that I could share and I was
trying to think of a moment my mom was
trying to think and you know I had a few
funny for us to tell but my mom told me
she said you know what there's a story
that I've never ever told you and yeah
she told me she didn't want to tell me
but she said now that I'm 21 years old
and she's already stopped working I
don't know what that has to do with the
story but that's what my mom said that
she'll tell me the story and I'm very
very nervous actually because she said
it has something to do with me maybe not
even being here today me almost dying
and she started telling me the story but
I told her you know what instead of
telling me the story off camera and then
me and you explained it on camera how
about I just sit next to you don't tell
it to me until the camera turns on so I
didn't hear anything of it the only
thing I heard was that I was almost 2
years old a year and a half
- almost - and then I sought there I can
wait let's just go in my room turn the
camera on and I'll hear this story the
same time that the blood squad here is
it so guys
according to mama rug this is going to
be a story about how I almost died at
the age of younger than two years old
and there's going to be my first time
hearing it just as it is your guidance
press I'm hearing it so I'm kind of
nervous and I've never heard this story
before but mom whenever you want to
start you can go ahead hello guys mama
right here you can start you will get
rid of me that easy no I'm taking break
from my channel but I'll be and their
videos my mom helps us out a lot so hey
I did okay when he asked me what kind of
stories we have and so nice I start
thinking I thought about this but
thinking about it scared me so much
seriously when I think about this was
about 18 19 years ago but it's still
when I picture what happened that day I
still get the chill I social is why the
reason you never want to tell me because
you don't like to be reminded of it or
find it in there other reasons you'll
know why
okay well just when we have got our
store we bought our store and was me and
Ron and we have Brandon and Brian it was
almost 2:00 Brian was couple of months
about five six months and when you get a
store when you when you work on your own
so we didn't have nobody to work waste
to go sometimes together what I think I
guess yeah so you wanted to take a day
off so you told me I had to work at the
store and I got robbed at gunpoint well
what did you know wrong that's what I
said or no work yeah we have you know
was mean that sometimes he would open in
the morning and then I'll go so he can
leave go to the bank and take care of
stuff that's what happened he another
store relationshipgoals not even been
watch running early store another a lot
seriously so he opened the store we open
at 7:00 so I went there around 10
o'clock I should take them in the car
seat and the cuz he's in the car and go
to the store but we had made the office
like color room for them there was a TV
I remember the bed okay and the big beer
remember oh my gosh no I remember it was
an office in the back of a sword it
would be inside the store but like in
the back now it's filled with office
supplies but before when me and Brian
with little kids I so remember yeah
office that's now filled with everything
for the store it used to be like our
little daycare like there were toys a
bad TV it needs to make food there and
everything because we spend most of the
day because we didn't have nothing else
to do work work work
yeah it still like going there and
enjoying time with Ron and the kids so
that day I went around 10:00 11:00 and
where I do I run the register I'm a
cashier and Ron said okay I'm going to
the bank the kids they're about to take
their nap around 12:00 here brother
you just watch TV and the bottle you
know you were in the bottle for a long
time I'm sorry I have to say it not
sipping cup he was on the bottle for a
long time that's why I like Jackies okay
so he makes a design video to be saying
yeah okay so I put them in the office
and I made sure they were almost asleep
and I wanted to run with the register
and rolla and I was just running the
register the customer keeps coming that
time is the busy time it's lunch time a
lot of people go buy lunch from Nick's
or there's a rest for lunchtime
basketball and I would just like work
and normal like every day and I see this
guy coming running to the store with
Brandon and his lap and I go oh my god
what the hell and he said you you you
only $1,000,000 you the guy was shaking
I'm Brandon is all like looking like
what the hell is wrong with this guy why
is he screaming and I go with home I got
the guys name Marteen Marteen if you
remember if you watch remember a long
time ago you saved my son's life and
that's how what did you know my teen
what happened your son almost that you
know our stores up on the hill in the
middle ground tree that comes like side
what you can see the cars coming and how
fast they come he said there was a big
big truck coming down the street and
Brandon was just walking walking
and almost on this tree if the guy mr.
Brandon was one second he said that's
how I pulled him from when he was
showing me oh my god god bless him this
guy said burn he said I pulled him from
almost under the tire and I think well
how did I get it out without you seeing
our store and the street it's not too
far away the rocking the parking lot
that people know about saying how do I
escape the store without you seeing me
get out you know how much you were I
don't mean how big and you know how I
was busy that this the reason why I
don't want to say the story you guys
going to think oh you neglected your
kids or you didn't care or you love
working I was working and I nothing
happens sometimes we don't think about
it but things happen seriously two are
not very careful I thought they're
sleeping they're taking a nap I didn't
know this little devil will escape the
office didn't come to say hi mom this is
our office he goes straight to go out
and I'm here to the target I don't know
how to walk and see two years old you
you start everything early so when I
grab a rake to get over one year and you
were by Rodgers house I swear I was like
what I first started walking I was like
waddling waddling and you one I seen you
had a balloon in your hand go away I
remember now what the bows that fly from
your hand and he you one wanted to get
it oh my god but I remember Martine
space he was I swear to God yellow and
he was shaking he said I said yours I go
I know thank it maybe I even thought
that beard because India was Budweiser I
remember my team so came marching right
you probably remember my team was the
short idea to bring us oranges in the
boxes I wish I could see my team now and
tell that story to Brandon how he saved
his life but that day I swear to God I
don't know how I threw his life and I
appreciate everything and I said Ron
came and I deliver story who was so
scared I told Ron mark this day this is
the last day I'm going to be working
there is no way I'm going to put my kids
life on danger in danger just I don't
know you are so
that's why you stopped working of course
imagine if I kind of never like I can
well I know I understand it but it's
just so crazy because like my mom was a
stay-at-home mom growing up and you know
all my friends that I had in elementary
school would ask me what does your dad
do and what does your mom do and when I
would told them my mom just stayed at
home they would be like what the heck
and now to hear that the reason she said
yeah this is one of the reasons plus I
wanted to take care of you guys at home
seriously since what happened that's
where I appreciated life I appreciate I
always thank God that I am able to stay
at home and I was I was enabled then
because we didn't have money yeah we
were working and I had towards letting
go you want to tell me the story because
you thought I would say oh you neglected
me ask it mom yeah you were working to
put food on our table and together ruie
I want to play all the time that day I
swear when I remember just now talking
about it I got channel Gary something
like okay we're laughing now and talking
about it
imagine that turn different yeah
whatever there was no Martine how would
I forgive myself never ever I don't care
I don't care I would say all five
happened imagine if something happened I
was a kid I would have never been able
to watch Devin Booker score 70 points
today what are you worried about yeah no
but you know you said I'll ask because
I'm supposed to be taking a nap yeah but
don't you know I'll take naps
yeah well then you used to stuff it all
together he was the quiet kid wife but
Brian you know wrong he would scream
wait hold on I'm trying to think right
now so again well I get from this whole
story so mom first of all the fact that
you didn't want to tell me because you
thought you neglected me when why would
you feel that way when you're working to
get provide money for the family that's
not calling my job for it sister take
care of the kid yeah keep an eye on them
I know I know I wasn't you were out hard
as we were working like yoga I saw you
guys were taking the run asleep Brian do
you I know I would have I take naps
yeah I don't think that yeah yeah but
thanks to Martine and that quick think
and that
he said I ran and I just pulled them
from the street from almost under the
tires those trucks I wish I can take a
picture how many people god bless their
souls love their life on them yeah I see
a lot of sports engine crowd pictures
there was a guy who is dead was a
security guard and he was our customer
his son he was 22 years old I still
remember if you go fast on that road
yeah I'm done I'm imagining the road
right now imagine it's in the middle of
a mountain so it's already high up and
curves and turns but where my mom's
talking about I remember riding from the
store it's like a sidewinding tool you
can't see what's coming this way and
then what's coming this way can't see
what's coming up so it's like you have
to be careful but boy that's such like a
scary scene of like a baby waddling out
with a balloon and almost getting it
that's like something you see in movies
and it almost happened to me this is
very first for a mother's work but
mother like imagine your son was gonna
imagine if Martine came and say I'm
sorry to tell your son got hit by a car
I would I would die yeah but now my
first time ever hearing this when I'm 21
years old it's like I don't know what I
don't know that's crazy because I'm
imagining everything now that I remember
exactly how everything is I am I
remember the office the three the
everything I don't know I guess
shout out to Martine yeah so much
seriously and since then I didn't I
probably didn't go I would go with you
guys for fun visit daddy come home oh
yeah
damn that's crazy so I honestly could
have not sorry sorry for one not getting
married you had to worry
God and I thank God that is still here
with me you know you know my dad had
just passed away maybe look oh yeah cuz
I was that that age way until but there
was a guardian angel watching over him
plus my team yeah my daddy and my gene
IOP you should have gave my 24 5 why'd
you removing a 12,000 something you know
dad that take care of ya and God's ended
that day now moment sis what multi-view
why'd you tell me there's a father
Darfur game I'm gonna be able to like
focus on the I'm gonna be thinking about
this tell Ally
Helen bell
oh you tell me nothing first time you
Albin tell the world well now they can
go I'm just joking mmm oh wow so I don't
you waited like how they say oh it's
thinking gosh yeah I don't really know
what to say right you never know yes you
could be home I can't picture my life
and dad's life with I can't picture my
life without you Brian
how would I feel ugly I know yeah just
sit out of ours I know guys um I don't
know what more little baby KY you mean
like I know I just don't know I might be
watching over you and screaming at me
you owe me a million dollars I just save
yourself from this routine look through
he was almost under a big truck damn
guys it's just so great to me because
I'm visualizing everything right now so
that's why I'm kind of speechless right
now tonight I think I'm going to go
ahead and close the video because I
don't know what more tape I keep going
with this video it's going to be a lot
of blanks so uh I don't really like want
the camera in my face I know could this
kind of I know I know yeah you did I
never told you and I never mentioned it
to anybody
hey so to close the video I want to say
first of all to my mom monkey don't
think you did anything wrong you were
working you were out at a club or
partying you had to do this so don't
think anything you're a good mom that's
why me and Brian are raised well thank
you and number two I now I realized the
reason I stay up day and night working
on my videos the reason why if I even
skip one day of uploading I get super
bummed out and upset that work ethic
comes from my mom and dad they opened up
and ran a store by themselves for so
long and provided a family of four with
so much you know necessities so much
fluid so much such a nice house just on
their own so they had really really
strong work ethic and now I know where I
got it from the fact that yeah well yeah
my dad where he used to work seven
o'clock until 10:00 we used to blow that
tension to 1076 seven days a week no
Dale no even now in the least
katia sway in the least cockiest way my
dad technically he doesn't need
to be working he's been working everyday
ever since he was a kid you know he's at
the age where he could stop but his work
ethic it's so strong that he works
almost every single day still I need to
thank my mom and dad because I kid you
not guys I say up day and night working
on my videos I stressed out every day
what video do I have to do what we do
have to make and I always try to get it
done and if I don't get it done then I'm
just really mad I'm really upset and I
guess thank you to my mom and dad for
that work ethic and you think it's for
being that kids yes this is fellas pray
for them pray to God for them to be
healthy and safe when they go somewhere
that's why I get scared when you didn't
go somewhere please don't start with
that I get a million texts I got a
million tech hey mom
but yesterday no I understand that but
yesterday I was at home in bed I don't
care I was over there sure you're okay
because you got in a fight or I mean
almost enough on I was worried about you
I felt bad you know how much got up from
the bench and I don't where's your
little girl something look at mama
brother I was an idiot for the pan it is
I just don't like dirty players guys
anyway lon yeah we want that's the only
reason you started playing dirty because
we woman but thank you guys so much for
watching this video I apologize if this
video kind of got to you guys
emotionally maybe not to you guys but to
us it definitely did I don't know how
you guys would take it it's so wasn't
from our team then I wouldn't be able to
watch all these fun games and I wouldn't
have been here now they depress on my
life yeah that's actually crazy I think
I need some time right now just think
about it I didn't plan on making this
video for you guys there's a first time
I heard this story just like you guys
anyways I appreciate each and every
single one of you guys mom thank you for
coming off your YouTube break to make a
video was nice and I need to go to Maya
okay thank you guys for watching
then mom I wrote again mom told him
where I was earlier today for like a day
then at the gym and then at the gym and
2,000 hours later at the gym and he's
going back to play a game for we're
gonna pee on your finger oh yeah guys I
was playing basketball for a million
hours I didn't know I had a game later
but my boy hit me up and on my final
play so uh let's see how should we do
this so okay so the title is going to be
like almost died or how I almost died
something like that so like you like
maybe put your hand over your face and
then know this I know you really
it's in the tissue okay guys we're going
to pretend my mom's crying you going to
show that yeah we're going to pretend my
mom's crying for the thumbnail so we
have to pretend there's a tissue
however there's actually a life so alive
so mom if you put it too close your eyes
might go blind so don't put it too close
did you put it too close oh my gosh
warning not taken seriously no I don't
think it looks good at the tissue plus
that's too much click base because the
crying get really good now I want to cry
a little bit but I'm not going to clown
camera except when I hit 2 million subs
on first you're going to cry okay guys
now that my mom's going I can say it
because you know I'm a 21 year old boy I
don't like to show too much motion in
front of my mom I don't know I'm just
like that I actually wanted to cry
during that it was just that's a crazy
story and I can say one thing for sure
it definitely made me think and it makes
me appreciate life much much more and I
feel very very blessed and very thankful
and just much more appreciative that I'm
even sitting here in this chair right
now and that I'm under this roof I just
I don't know that story it may - some
people may be like oh who cares you were
just a little kid and nothing happened
you're okay now but to me it's like I
don't know Mom sorry I can't talk like
this in front of you but I did actually
I was so close to crying but I don't
know why just I'm not the type of person
to show too much motion in front of my
mom and yeah that's just crazy but I'm
so so thankful and blessed to be sitting
here right now I can't came in imagine
if something happened that day not even
about myself not even about my own life
if my life passed okay but I just
wouldn't want to put my parents through
that I wouldn't never want to put my mom
through losing a two-year-old baby I'll
never want to put my dad through that so
it's just it just makes you start to
think how different the family would
have been how different my mom and dad
would have turned out if something
actually did happen to me that day how
Bryan would I grew up without a older
brother it's just like I said if
something happened to me myself okay I
don't care about myself but for my
family I would never want to put them
through that
