bitch I told him not to warm up Jeter
I said don't warm up without me what is
going on you got Brandon here aka audit
and I'm here with my lovely brother
Brian stays drugged oh yeah please I got
six I'm gonna put down the title so I
might as well call back
but anyway today's video we were
actually supposed to be inside sittin on
the couch doing a Q&A and writers who
are going to get started we thought
about it we're like let's do something
more interesting more scary more heart
beating so we are about to play a
basketball 1v1 for $1,000 $1,000 hold on
hold on $1,000 1,000 freakin dollars now
vn Brian like we always play basketball
either for fun or if we do make a bet
we'll play for like 10 or 20 bucks we've
never put this much on the line now I
would I do that because I've never
beaten a woman was on campus Brian baby
on your channel I don't know on my
channel on robotics ryan has never be me
in a 1v1 you might have been a
three-point contest many times maybe in
course but Brian cotton aka Phaedra can
never be mean a wampie once imagined
today's the time for $1,000 my god wait
this is all my theory my theory is that
Brian's just been fake playing and fake
losing every time we play because he
knew one day I would play for $1,000 so
ever since he was a kid he would just
fake yeah it was against me all the way
till this day now he's really going to
try and Charles here and we are about to
interview phase drug and see how he
plans on stopping Brandon Awad it's aka
Devin Booker on the court because
there's a lot on the line so Brian how
do you plan on you know stopping granted
we know he likes the shoe we know he
likes to drive so there's not really one
you can choose what would you like to do
to stop this you know I got a get up on
him on defense I'll let him take the
outside shot so when it comes down here
I got to play tight defense
and just try to get as many times as I
can make as many shots as I can so he
doesn't get the ball anymore and edges
it's all about defense or this one so
sounds good
Jonas so Vegas actually has the odd
robotics is favored by a little T not a
heavy favorite but he is a favorite -
Vegas predicted the score to be 11 8 in
favor of Bharati last time what do you
predict the final score will be you know
of course I'm confident myself winning
so I'm gonna have to go with 11 7 meet
11 7 Brian and good luck sir you're
welcome
up next we are going to have Charles
interview Brandon all right Brandon we
know Alondra Brandon is on montage
alright Brandon so we know you as the
basketball player we know that you love
basketball and you like scaring off the
devil fucker now he's actually never
like to compare itself to me but alright
now tell us what do you think about
deliverance a drug you're going to win
what are you gonna do to stop him what
does he have that you don't what can he
do what just tell me your thoughts on
good wow that's a lot of questions in
one mind I thought I think with Brian
you've got to stop the outside shop
Brian is a deadly shooter he could kill
you from three andrew is that Mars in a
game where we're playing in ones and
twos a layup is only one point I think
I'm going to get up on Brian and try to
stop the three-pointers I'm going to let
him get the layups and just try to
control him from free that's my game
plan and final score prediction final
score prediction um you know my I have a
tattoo that says stay humble but a
eraser right now - erases we're going
11/0 wearing there baby let's go now I'm
just joking that's not what I'm saying
I'm gonna predate 11/8 just like Vegas
predicted I'm gonna go 11 8 but you know
Brian have you ever imagined if you guys
know Brian I don't know where he went
things changing in the locker room
he's a deadly three-point shooter so if
he's on from 3 it's going to be really
tough to beat in so I'm hoping that it
shot a little off but uh we'll see I'm
ready for the game go so please no more
question I thank you
if I make this we win I win ah
okay I think we're both warm with
Baltimore dollars already fine you want
me to superball you wanna let Ryan super
balls I want to three pitch shot is
anuradha super fault
I'm still thinking this part of its plan
he's just flying please make me think
I'm gonna wait until he comes down fits
all three per game so we're going up to
eleven ones and twos loser of the winner
$1,000 so we'll get started guys here we
go
why am i I gotta take a minute is good I
just want what's inside of stark boy no
no oh man
now 103
Oh
five zero and I'll let him take you
outside
1,005.50 m
five three let's go
I said I'll guard the threes and I give
them I open three hi San Diego I don't
know how the hell that winning big three
from long distance
one plus B take four big four
for 660 Devin Booker hi five six six and
a half eight six eight dick why would I
do that
like what I just want to know why would
I do I'm choking I was up five zero a
seven
no no I knew it
thousand dollars thousand dollar nine
seven nine seven why are you laughing
because he said 11 seven so if he may do
so I'm have to go with eleven seven meet
everything I have good memories sorry
Oh
whoa-oh nine eight you want to from here
fuck you three-point line I love you no
no no no nice what nine nine nine nine
so if someone makes a three-pointer it's
game over
okay come on Brandon
you fucking stock whoa Tumbo hey ma know
what I know next week winner wait
and nice
Oh point nine so Brian makes even one
more point game over holy
I'd like to pick their balls game let me
say that straight up not win by two we
always play straight up so no way really
you're gonna take that look sick
why did I go up with that why didn't I
go up with that all it is for you
Holly why would you keep it up
oh no way I mean my heart stopped by
your eyes really kidding me my boss I
dropped all on the floor bounce back up
when you miss it are you spinning no way
maybe it's meant to be so the shots
going well Brian how so scary until I
skipped a little bit I know ah what am i
doing yes okay guys it's still ten nine
till Brian still only needs one more
point
imagine Kawhi Leonard draymond Green and
Rudy Gobert all put into one player
that's the deep end take that I need to
play come on
ten nine what logic Peter Kim what is it
Brian playing at home here at the crowd
okay bawling no ball is life nice my god
I'm nervous
a thousand bucks makes you sweat I can
dream oh my god come on Brandon
well both and ten o'clock next point
wins
no win by two just straight up I don't
know why didn't go for one earlier Brian
- doc thanks Andy Hey oh shit oh hey you
kicked the ball over the past is gone
imagine goes in the car
Brian that was super hard fall I had to
earn that one like crazy fuck
good game go get the fucking ball you
kick over the top I would have done the
same if I lost no last time you did it's
the Middle Eastern temper all my middle
Easterns out there you guys know the
anger that we're talking about
why don't you Brian it's because I only
need you to one but I was like fuck it
let me go for three finally where the
hell is the ball
we need all come with you to get it
we'll just go later but what a game I
give mad props to my brother he put up a
huge fight he almost beat me your he was
this close that one shot when it rolled
barely off the rim Brian if I need tape
it with I literally tipped it with the
teeny tiny bit of my finger fun activity
woulda went hey I just needed that one
Oh guys I give Brian props you put up a
really really good fight imagine that
that you get a girlfriend and I did the
fight that he's going to give her
because Brian never gives up I was up
5-0 he could have easily been like oh
this game's over and loose but he never
gives us so imagine the arguments Brian
oh my god anyway guys thank you so much
for watching this video even though I
beat Brian and I'm undefeated against
him he always gives me a fight it's
never evening always like to the last
shot to the last point every single game
always this close now we're like you
waiting 11 311 for it's like 11 9 or 11
10 Nev - so I give Brian props we would
go to the bank right now but it's late
and the banks are closed it may look
like it's still early but that's only
because in San Diego the sun's going to
be going down soon Brian that was a
little good game I'm not gonna lie I was
really really really scary I'm $1,000
richer thank you haha thank you guys for
watching the video we're so close to 2
million subscribers so sweet rider and
subscribe and if you guys don't know
this that makes these videos as well
he's kind of good at them so if you guys
want to check him out
Phaedra ain't guys already know him and
peace out guys thanks for watching shout
out rugrat guys we hit up the bank
earlier this morning I forgot my camera
but uno dos tres cuatro whatever the
heck it's $1,000 Brian thank you so much
Brian you know what I feel bad here the
tip for putting up such a good game wait
actually yeah take it I feel bad
yeah so okay wait that's 400 okay I gave
you four fuck you just keep it okay guys
so Brian put up actually a really really
really good fight and he's the younger
brother so the fact that the younger
brother almost be me I gotta give him a
little tip so yes there you have it 1000
all lumpy one fine what are you up to of
course Brian's always up to something
when I come back from the gym
I'm playing basketball a little obstacle
course for my friend for your friend
we're going to go him we have our game
tonight and like I mentioned in
yesterday's video I have a surprise for
you guys from the game Brian know the
surprise my teammates you know the
surprise I told them this morning and
let's just say you don't want to miss
tomorrow's video yesterday the surprise
wasn't maybe but I confirmed it today
and know everybody commenting devin
booker is not going to be playing on our
team I know I told them limit allowed
six foot seven professional athlete
isn't going to be able to play in our
league I don't think the director would
allow that but I do have a surprise and
I can't wait to share with you guys
tomorrow so stay tuned for tomorrow's
video and other than that Brian thanks
for the money yeah and yeah guys I'm
gonna enjoy this and thank you so much
for watching this video peace out guys
