look who's here with the surprise who is
that
sexy lady oh my gosh so hot oh and look
at the butt oh you can already tell the
nice butt from the camera Bosley who's
here someone's here with a surprise no
no you're gonna float on Bosley oh my
gosh oh my gosh if only it closed a
little bit more than I could have used
the title and thumbnail door closes on
my dog door closes on Bosley yeah no
follow the extreme click later Bosley
dies from just the door touching him am
i right field reader how you bought me a
burrito so I give you a burrito every
single day and you finally brought me
mm-hmm I thought you're gonna bring me a
snake god I thought Brian was bringing a
snake when you said you had a surprise I
knew was either going to be a burrito or
a snake I thought I know what these are
going to be food or a snake I'm glad it
was the food and not a snake Bosley
who's that ask him if he wants to see
the hamster guys we go fast Bosley is
for a pug no Miguel fast his first step
is like Derrick Rose before the injuries
watch his first step it's like Russell
Westbrook prime 2017 see he got that
quick first step god Bosley literally
tried to strike a hammy oh my god Bosley
so fast he crunches himself up into a
little ball he starts running watch guys
get yourself a dog who actually lets you
pay him here wait film me I bet you I
can grab him this is where all the years
of basketball come in handy fine hey
your worst nightmare
again this is my guarding idea
small bad yes sir I learned in class me
I'm not even gonna move up is gonna be
really kept mine even walk so look I did
go on fight oh I love a wrecking it's
magic
garlic fight Wow baby you got a good
arch in the back oh my god father you're
fat
gran is posting now I could see it okay
let me have some Mario you're gonna die
okay Bobby it's not lovely we're done we
need to eat our burrito thanks for the
food thanks for not bringing a snake
shout-out to my girlfriend burritos yay
what I wanted to copy it so bad so what
oh my gosh what is going on guys is this
like a different dimension oh you have a
concussion okay guys I know there's
weird timing or weird placement in the
middle of the video for me to do a
reaction but I wanted to share this with
you guys saw the dueling duckies who has
been a really really really big fan of
mine ever since I first started youtube
I remember he was subbed to me from the
beginning and so I had given him a
follow back on Twitter a long time ago
and a little while back he actually sent
me a link to a video and he asked me if
I could check it out now I didn't really
get a chance to watch it until today and
I saw this and I really wanted to share
it with you guys because this dude
you'll see the video it's a short little
one-minute video but I wanted to put it
in my blog because I really really do
appreciate what he did
so duckies not only do I appreciate you
being there for me all the way from my
first started YouTube because I remember
that stuff you were there almost two
million subscribers later almost two
years of doing YouTube later and I still
remember
was there from the beginning not just
duckies but you guys are amazing because
I know all of you guys would do this if
you had the chance this video actually
made me smile so much it made my morning
I'm glad I actually got around to seeing
this so let's check it out
I actually muted the volume because he
played a copyrighted song so I'm sorry
duckies I couldn't show the song or else
I'll get a copyright strike but watch
this guy's so obviously that says sub
super waters hashtag to Mill so he's
with the two mill movement and he put on
the locker first of all you're lucky I
we didn't have indoor schools here in
here Mason we only had an outdoor school
okay so he posted one at the top of the
closest ceiling he actually put this one
inside of somebody's locker you're crazy
bro but I appreciate it
hopefully he didn't get in trouble for
this I'm sure he did but I don't know
hopefully he did it
principal let it go another one in some
kids Locker shout-out to his friend I'm
not sure his name shout-out to everybody
who helped him with this video all you
guys that one said Devin Booker hashtag
70 I actually spoke to them Booker last
night ok guys so there's the video
yo duckies thank you for doing that I
appreciate it I know with something
small just writing my name on a piece of
paper and putting it around the school
but I don't care it's just a thought
that counted it really means a lot to me
it made my morning it made me smile
shoutout to duckies shoutout to all
friends that helped him with that video
hopefully you didn't get in trouble and
it's just shout out to the whole time
for wot squad because I know duckies
isn't the only one who's with the 2mil
movement I know you guys all want me to
hit 2 million subscribers and it's
coming up trust me
we passed 1.9 million subs and I
couldn't thank you guys enough
so I'm gonna just say it again thank you
guys so so much thank you I appreciate
everything you guys do for me and when I
hit 2 million subs it's like weird
hitting 2 million subs but wasn't for
you guys I wouldn't be able to hit it
obviously so just thank you guys so much
like he went around the school putting
my name is just crazy crazy what you got
to do for me when you don't even really
know me personally it's crazy so thank
you guys so much for that and Duncan
shoutout
you I just want to share that little
video with you guys for the P took the
time out of his day to write my name on
pieces of paper and put them all around
the school can I could take the time out
of my day to make a little video on it
hey you made my day with this video so
Ducky's I hope I made your day by
featuring the video on my blog anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this next clip of
me yelling out one of my teammates to
try to get them fired up for our game on
Tuesday because we have a really really
big game coming up you know what guys
I'm so hyped up to that little speech of
how we can't lose any more I'm going to
call one of my teammates to fire him up
you guys know rom said so let's give
romps in a ring let's just fire him up
getting ready for the game oh he doesn't
want to answer although he doesn't want
to answer honking I see how committed
you are to the team I see it now the
true colors show halfway through the
season
okay Ronson well if he's not going to
let me fire him up I'm going to just
fuck I'm gonna pretend I'm talking to a
rock day you want to make a playoff or
not I know I haven't been the best
player I know I could be playing better
but come on Rossi we gotta sleep better
as a team
do you understand that do you understand
that
come on Rossi let's go out there we've
been an embarrassing team we've been
pathetic we've let all the fans down we
let ourselves down Ronson we have let
ourselves down what kind of shit is that
you know Robson you don't you remember
LeBron not one not two not three oh look
what's going back y'all Robson I like
how you answer I showed up committed you
are to the team what's it called
I just want to fire you up a little bit
for the game I just want to tell you
that we can't lose this game yeah I know
I need to fire you up because you sent
me bro we need to tell Alvin that his
girlfriend's gonna break up with mr.
moose tonight then you'll play right
you'll try yo let's go yeah tell us
girlfriend of yo yo tell Alvin if you
guys don't wait tonight you're leaving
him that's it and he'll play good trust
me he will fuck a ll all right well Ron
food's ready
now we got to get everybody else ready
so
my goodness guys speaking of our
basketball game on Tuesday I can't
believe I haven't had a chance to tell
you guys yet so I might be presenting
you guys a really big surprise for our
game on Tuesday now I'm not making any
promises because I don't know if it's
going to happen or not but I might be
bringing you guys a surprise so our
basketball games are late Tuesday night
so I always upload the video the day
after on Wednesday you'll see the
surprise on one day however if you guys
are impatient and you guys want to find
out what surprise beforehand I'm pretty
sure I'll Lika on social media because
I'm just when I know something that
other people don't I have a really hard
time keeping my mouth shut so the video
will be out on Wednesday of our
basketball game however I'm 99% sure I'm
going to leak the surprise on one of my
social medias beforehand so if you want
to follow me on Twitter that's at the
waters just like my youtube names and
the link is in the description below if
you want to follow my Instagram at the
waters just like my youtube name the
link is in the description below and my
snapchat which is most likely where I'm
going to leak it at if it does happen is
for what is just like my youtube name so
if you want to have my snapchat there it
is I hate that I'm so impatient when it
comes to surprises because any other
normal youtuber would just wait till the
video comes out but for me I'll try to
wait till the video comes out but more
than likely I'm going to leak on one of
my social media so if you want to get a
chance at an early peek of the surprise
just go down to the description down
below and you'll see a couple links to
my social medias and no god it is not
Devin Booker coming to our basketball
game and playing for us somebody on
Twitter when I mentioned something about
the surprise I had to delete the tweet
because everybody was thinking that
Denethor was going to show to our
basketball game and play for us I don't
think the league director would let that
happen trust me I would love to play a
game with Devin Booker but there's no
way the league director would let
professional NBA player come down and
some people were like just have them be
the disguise just have them wear like
something bla bla I'm pretty sure it's
easy to spot a professional NBA player
in a men's adult league so I like those
suggestions trust me I wish it happened
but no that's not the surprise guys
that's a good guess but it's not the
surprise again like I said don't hold my
word for 100
because I don't know for sure if it's
going to happen or not but there's a big
chance that it does happen you guys have
been asking for this so just stay tuned
guys I can't believe I tell you gotta
get got my gosh I just looked down and I
saw the shirt do I own any other shirt
no actually I own one more this is a
blue KD one no I'm not a Warriors fan
but my mom bought this for me and you
always got to support your mama so you
do aware whatever your mom gets you even
if you don't like it mom thank you for
this year I wear every dance day because
you bought it for me and I have one more
sure it's literally exactly like this
one but it's silver instead of light
blue see this is light blue so I just
look down on like holy shit do I only
own t-shirts but thankfully we have
something called a washer and dryer
downstairs so you know you watch the
clothes but anyway I have one last
announcement for you guys before closing
this video out no actually hold on let
me just come from Rumson really quick
cuz I just thought about it robson you
didn't answer my phone call if it was a
girl that called you you want to flew 9
million miles per hour from wherever the
hell you were dives onto your phone and
swipe the answer so fast that your
finger would have fell off but because
it was me in answering I just had to get
to help away so anyway guys I have one
last announcement before closing this
video out this video is just full of
announcements guys so I just want to
tell you guys that I will be going to
Chicago for a sneaker con this year
shout out to my guy cats Omar for
inviting me I appreciate you guys and
it's going to be a really really fun
time I can't wait I've never attended a
sneaker con event before so there's
going to be my first time and it's also
it's obviously including the hoops
classic the basketball game and don't
you guys know like I kind of like
basketball so I can't wait the game is
on June 4th and the sneaker con event is
on June 3rd and obviously I'll be flying
over to Chicago with Jackie so for all
you people who don't care about me you
don't give a fuck about me and you watch
my videos just for Jackie for all you
girls out there who are obsessed with I
don't know Jackie's hairstyle or you
guys always talk about her nails or I
don't know follow your girls and don't
care about me and you guys just love
Jackie yes she will be there too don't
worry and for all you guys out there who
don't give a shit about me but only
watch my video because of Jackie's and
a bunch of people are going to be there
so if you're in Chicago and you have any
interest of coming out I can't wait to
meet you guys I'm gonna try to meet as
many people as I could because I've
never victus Chicago
so since I'm going for the first time I
want to meet everybody that watches my
videos there every time I have a chance
to meet some of my supporters I take
full advantage of if you guys watch my
videos and make me happy I want to see
you guys and thank you for the happiness
I want to see you guys and be like yo
thanks for watching my video so to
anyone in the Chicago area or nearby and
you guys want to attend sneaker con I'll
be there for the first time and a bunch
of other youtubers will be there so I
can't wait again shout out to my dude
kites for inviting me it's going to be a
really really good time and I can't wait
to head out so that's it in less than
two weeks yeah I just want to let you
guys know so if you're in the Chicago
area come through I want to thank you
guys for your support anyways to
everybody thank you guys for watching
today's video
I appreciate you guys all the loss squad
I love you and like duskies was trying
to say
so roasted to millets on I have no idea
when I'm going to hit it which day which
time I don't know but I do know it's
coming up and it makes me very nervous
but also really really excited it's just
like I have butterflies in my stomach
only because I never ever would have
thought that I would be a two million
subscribed youtuber I never would have
thought that so the fact that it's
actually happening is just it's
overwhelming I don't know what to say
about it but we'll see when the time
comes
thank you guys so much for your support
and I appreciate you guys all watch laws
PL and I hope to see a lot of you guys
in Chicago
