such a good kid such a good good kid
warm hard gray soul pure hearted hey
Bosley he's well-mannered virgin doesn't
talk back great great game I wish all
dogs were like him it's okay go to sleep
Bosley you know what I appreciate him
way more than that we gotta hide them up
some more Bosley you're such a great
game man
I wish everybody was like you I wish my
son grows up like you good man good art
no no no no I'm good to go to the gym go
back to sleep oddly does only everything
was like you Mosley he likes being
better right here in the middle I don't
know why raised so well okay you can't
follow me no no I'm about to go to the
gym looking at you by the I don't think
you've ever been to the gym and I love
this kid father who raised you this well
you have so much respect for your elders
you're so well-mannered you don't talk
back you don't cuss your version okay
you keep doing that on the road to go to
the gym so we got the i8 back in the
garage the reason I say it's back in the
garage is because yesterday I actually
took it to the shop to go get it checked
out and I'll give you guys an update on
what they said a little bit later in the
video but um yeah not good so it's back
here and I'm going to take it back to
the shop on Monday so for now we are
whipping these Lexus alexis texas we're
going to be riding the Lexus guys
obviously I'm upset because of what
happened to my car but honestly being
back in the Lexus it feels so good tell
me this angle this camera view doesn't
bring back so many memories of my older
vlogs before I had purchased for BMW and
I just had this baby every time I was
log in the car I would just set the
camera up here and just talk to you guys
the red leather seats this just brings
back so many good memories
so yeah I'm bummed out that I hid the
BMW but honestly I love this car they're
the reason I kept this car what I wanted
to go purchase the BMW my dad was
telling me he's
just and Alexis there's no point to keep
it there's no point to have two cards
and I kept telling him dad I love this
Lexus this is like my baby this is the
first car that I paid for with my own
money so it's like it's like over here
with me there are so many memories in
this car from you know me and Jackie
starting to talk and going on our first
date and me starting youtube I was
driving this car just everything about
this car I didn't want to give it away I
love this car and I'm so glad i catched
it because every time i drive it it
brings like really cool memories so
we're going to be driving the lexus
around for the next couple of days or
maybe longer depending on what they say
about my car like i said i took it to
the shop yesterday and i'm gonna give
you guys an update later on in this
video but for now i'm about to go to the
gym and hold on look already transferred
my basketball stuffs to the carcass then
i'm going to have this one for a while
flex and basketball I like going on
Saturday mornings because lunchtime
basketball is only Monday through Friday
so people run and play games and you
know get physical Monday through Friday
but Saturday and Sunday nobody shows up
nobody plays lunchtime basketball so you
go and the courts are empty and I can
just shoot around freely nobody's there
yeah of course I love playing games I
love running five-on-five but sometimes
when you go there and it's an empty
court and it's just you yourself and a
basketball it just it feels so good
there's no way I can explain the
satisfaction and joy that I get from
walking into an empty basketball court
and just shooting around by myself I
love it it's the best stress reliever
ever and it helps me calm down helps me
relax and it just I love it I love
shooting around by myself and so I woke
up early everybody in the house is still
asleep it's like 8:30 a.m. right now and
I'm about to go play some basketball
why myself stupid I just love basketball
so much I can never get enough of
grabbing basketball if I grabbing ass I
can never get enough I just like okay
guys so I just finished playing some
basketball and I came back to Target
because well first of all we got my baby
buckled in because I was making a lot of
shots today so he deserves to be buckled
in if I was missing my shots how to toss
the ball in the back but the ball was
good to me today I was making a lot of
my shots so your good deed book you
could be buckled in and actually let's
tighten it so nothing happens you
because we're going to need you for a
game so yeah that's always my rule when
I play basketball if I do good with the
ball on our way back I buckled him and
safe so now nothing happens to him cuz
he was good like Bosley was a good guy
so today the ball is a good guy I made a
lot of my shots but usually if I'm
missing my shots I just stuffed up on
the back and I don't even want to see it
again and I always tell them when I miss
my shots I put it in the back no seat
belt no nothing and I just say don't
talk you have no right to talk to me in
the back so the reason I came to target
because a couple of days ago at my
basketball game I got hit in the lip
anybody please don't hit my car thank
you I got handle eight nothing too
serious but it's starting to kind of
like boil up I think it's like a canker
sore or something so I want to treat it
before it gets worse so I came here to
buy something for my lip oh and for
those asking about my finger my infected
finger yeah it's it's not fully healed
and I don't want to show it on camera
because last time I show that a lot of
people were commenting that it looks
really really disgusting and really
nasty let's just say that it got a
little bit better because I've been
taking the antibiotics but it's not
fully healed because I'm still playing
basketball and obviously the doctor told
me to stop playing basketball but me
being the idiot that I am I can't hold
back on basketball I love basketball too
much so it's getting a little bit better
due to the antibiotics and I would show
you guys but last time some people said
I was eating why would you show that on
camera so uh
if you're wondering what I'm flipping
off no there's nobody here that I hate
it's just this place oh my goodness
don't you guys hate it when hold on I
gotta put the camera down for this one
hold on my favorite part Marlene Jess yo
bud
shout out to all my believers out there
so the reason I was flipping that place
of it because don't you hate when you
know you were a kid and there was a spot
that you always used to go through with
your family and you had a lot of fun and
a lot of memories and then they tear it
down and build a new place over it so
that place used to be Hometown Buffet oh
my god I had so many memories there's so
many birthday parties when I was being
bad so my mom may want to take me to
Chuck E Cheese just so she's like you
know what you're doing here but that
Hometown Buffet and I'd be like no but
it was always a really good time and
they have the bumblebee come out and
sing happy birthday to me and we just
always used to go there and then for
whatever reason last year they tore it
down and they built something new so now
I always have to flip it off on my drive
pass because I miss Hometown Buffet okay
back to the song you like the song bro
dance a little come on dance a little
shake shake shake good boy good boy
God I was about to go home you know
drive home and start editing this video
but I looked up at the sky and the Sun
spoke to me the Sun looked at me and
said yo Brandon today's a great fucking
day for a burrito oh wait wrong turn not
here the burritos the next rain wouldn't
you agree
what did your green bald ancestor is
today a great day for a burrito you want
one too uh so everybody go get burritos
me and the Sam I just looked up at the
sky you know the Sun from the
Teletubbies like the baby face you just
looked at me and he was like burrito
burrito now like all right fine there's
a
wait wait wait wait wait wait what am i
doing listening to Drake and future did
I not just say I'm about to go to a taco
shop to get a burrito there's only one
song you could be blasting to go buy a
burrito
like if you're blasting this song when
you're on the way to talk with shop it
just it feels right like it just makes
your body feel like okay I'm doing
something right okay we're pulling up to
the taco shop shout out to all we pop
for the song okay guys so I got my
bullshit I forgot to ask em I feel like
such a shitty human being yo did you
want anything
damn so why don't you same thing when I
was ordering why don't you speak up how
that supposed to know you were hungry
fine I'll just cut you have my burritos
here hold it please
yeah just hold I need to vlog oh yeah
guys the reason our bum suavemente when
I walk in here is because one is just a
good bot into the biggest reason is
because one time a guy gave me a
discount on my burrito for a bumping
minute song but I just shake didn't do
the same so maybe we'll stop bumping the
phone okay sit up sit up straight and
you're not going to play with your food
this time right right okay I'm going to
cut you half if you play with your food
this time I swear I'm going to eat it
all if you play with your food I'm going
to take I'm gonna eat it all right in
front of you so scoot in I told you to
sit up straight scoot in and don't play
with your food this time sorry about
that guys just everybody out there who
watches my videos that have kids you
guys understand for those of you who
don't have kids yet you guys don't
understand the stress from having a
little one but for those who have kids
you guys know my pain so me and the
little dude are going to eat this
breakfast and then I'm gonna give you
guys an update on my car okay guys so as
promised I told you that the second I
took my car into the shop I would update
you guys and let you know what the whole
situation is so if you guys can't tell
yeah it looks pretty bad and I still
feel really dumb really stupid for doing
it but let me give you guys an update
really quick so I took it into the shop
yesterday and the dude
said it and the first thing you was
looking for he was looking for the clips
were broken because it's a clips worm
broken he would have been able to push
the bumper back into place and then just
fix everything around it like a broken
blinker lie all the scratches he could
have fixed up but then he said he said
that the cliffs were broken so he
couldn't put it back into place and
shout out to all you car people that
were commenting on my video yesterday
because you guys were telling me that it
looked like the clips were broken I was
hoping that the clips weren't broken
because I was really hoping that he was
just able to put the bumper back into
place and then fix up everything around
it because if he has to replace the
whole bumper
they don't have pieces just installed
laying around for this car they're gonna
have to order it and it takes a really
long time and it's really expensive to
replace a whole new bumper so I was
hoping you could just push it back into
place and buffer up everything around it
she told me that's probably not going to
happen because the clips were broken
what he says he's going to do he said
give him until Monday that's why I
bought the car back he said take the car
back come back on Monday and what he's
going to try to do out of fiberglass
he's going to try to make clips out of
fiberglass and then he's going to try to
fix it up himself and if that works then
he could just pop it back into place
with the fiberglass and then fix up
everything around it that would be much
cheaper and it would take much less time
to save he saves him a tries best but if
that doesn't work then we're going to
have to replace the whole bumper and
that's going to suck it's going to take
an extremely long time for a new bumper
to come in for this car and it's going
to be very very very expensive at least
a couple thousand dollars and so we'll
see on Monday hopefully hopefully the
fiberglass pieces work but yeah I still
feel so stupid who hits the side of the
garage with their car I feel so dumb and
now I'm paying the price we'll see I'm
just having my fingers crossed until
Monday like I said until then I'm going
to be driving my Lexus around there's
nothing wrong with that I love the Lexus
but I want to see what's going on with
this car it's too beautiful to be going
through things like this it's too
beautiful to be damaged like this I hate
the way he
what so bad yeah guys
the reason I'm eating it like this is
because I don't want the ice cream part
anymore I just want the cone but there's
still so much ice cream so my theory is
if I do it hard then it makes the ice
cream go away faster tell them what I
did in the beginning no guys I literally
took a huge bite I bet I'd spit out the
whole vanilla part wait where is this
Oh probably not really well yeah guys I
only want the cone get yourself a
partner that you could just sit 11 p.m.
and just eat in Jerome 6 with the
chicken drumsticks and this you know
what fuck it ah called
what your vanilla inside the dam cone I
thought look guys the vanilla goes
inside the cone - I thought the vanilla
is only on top and then the cone was
chocolate please cut that out
why am I supposed to know that yeah guys
I'll have it you're gonna get killed in
the comments ok bye guys yeah okay guys
so like I said I don't want the vanilla
we don't want the cone so wait wait you
save over the last few mins put it abomb
bottom food I swear upon the vandalizing
ended right when you finish the circle
but see the new I thought was it all in
the hill oh fudge time for sleep what
look I got Undertaker watch hey you know
this skin good Wow guys I'm guessing the
Undertaker didn't have a bad back
because the shared I know it wasn't but
now smiling cause you never smile in
your life
so hopefully we're not too ordering a
whole new bumper anyways guys I'm
cloaking the video out right here thank
you so much for watching this video I
really appreciate you guys commenting
and dropping a lot you know what this
video reminded me I was like with the
Lexus and just me vlogging solo it
reminded me of my older vlog the older
days when I first started youtube and
you know I didn't really know what to do
so I was just walking by myself driving
and everything that sort of reminding
the other it was pretty cool so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video it's still
really early actually something happy
I've had a productive day I went to the
gym really early went to Target to get
something from my busted lives I feel
really good when I'm productive early in
the morning and yes thank you guys so
much for watching this video and I
appreciate all you guys the walk loss I
love you guys all peace
