what is going on you got Brandon here
aka audit and I am a complete idiot even
more than any of that I already thought
I was so before we get into the footage
or the actual story let's just go check
out the car and I'll repeat myself again
I am an 88 okay so you see the car all
normal everything's cool right but then
you move over to the side of the bumper
and yep breaks my heart just seeing my
car like this but then I remember it's
all my fault and it makes me feel like
an idiot
bumpers detached a little bit of
scratches right here this light is paint
obviously scratched over right here a
little bit over here it's just so yeah
this is the car bumper is pretty much
detached the light is broken paint
scratched and before I get into the
story of how all this happened and let's
just go check the footage thankfully
there's a camera right here I'm so
stupid
well I'm such an idiot like hold on
let's just watch the footage I'm so
upset with myself so right here it says
May 16th but the date on the camera is
actually wrong it was actually last
night so was May 18th and look was
around 8:30 p.m. it was 824 man I feel
so stupid bro okay so here I am
I opened the garage getting in my car
you know all normal the usual you know
game comfy put the seat belt on
obviously safety first
hiiii this is my first time were you
watching the footage it's about to break
my heart no no no no no stopping him
stop stop stop no no oh my goodness
although I'm so stupid oh my gosh hold
on let's watch it again in slow motion
oh no the slow motion is gonna break my
heart even more it's gonna be like a
slow painful death watching this
first time I watched it was a regular
death this is a slow painful one oh what
I turned so fast ah fuck me and so
obviously after that happened I heard a
really loud noise so I pulled back in
the garage because I wanted to check it
out but then my mom ran downstairs watch
you'll see my mom and balls because my
mom heard the noise too and so I stayed
in my car I saw my mom and I said
exactly this I said mom I don't want to
look at my bumper so you please just
make a face and I'll see how bad it was
so pretty much I told my mom just look
at it and make the face like just react
to it see I was telling her I pointed
down there and that's when she said oh
my god and I was like damn ah Bosley
with no care in the world doesn't even
know what just happened he's just
running around the street see yeah this
one I still hadn't seen it yet look my
mom's telling me it's bad and I'm like
shit I thought maybe I just scratched a
panda bumper I didn't think the whole
bumper popped off look I'm like bracing
myself I'm bracing myself and then BOOM
did I tell you guys that I'm an idiot
and then I'm stupid and that I'm even
more of an idiot than I ever thought I
was because this is ridiculous how do I
do this I'm so stupid
you know then Papa Roach comes you know
when Papa rug comes down from watching
Netflix when he pauses the Netflix and
he comes down that's how you know it's
bad so see the bumper was even more out
but we tried to put it back so it was
way worse when it happened than what it
actually looks like right now because
right now we kind of pushed it back into
place but it was way worse when it
actually happened okay so obviously like
you guys saw on the camera we tried to
put this back into place but yeah that's
not happening over here and at least the
light is only a little bit scratched
right here didn't damage the light this
light is damaged we put it back together
but it was like hanging golf pieces so
that's going to have to be repaired this
is all scratched and look guys it was
right here you could see this
is like the wood is all the way the
lighting is terrible right here sorry
you can't see the lighting gets really
bad but down here the wood is all like
chipped and uh it just it wasn't a fun
time let me just tell you that here I'll
do this for everybody that wants to do
right now Brandon Nick Brandon one more
time on the cheek
you're so stupid like I'm so mmm look
who's awake
hey mom and she made me breakfast mom I
don't deserve this
take it away I don't think idiots who
crashed their car to the side of the
garage deserve breakfast mom come on
just so the vlog how dumb was that okay
let's see what happened I was a student
folding clothes and you know the garage
interview yeah when I heard that loud
ice cream there Ron Ron is sitting
watching us yeah oh yeah yeah no guys
don't don't tell me their exam yeah my
gosh oh that's what I was gonna say guys
that's exactly what I'm gonna say I did
not step out of my car when my mom came
down I said mom just make a face based
off how bad the car is and I'll be able
to tell by the face yeah I said I'll be
able to tell by the face you made so
maybe if she said mmm then I would know
what is my bad but her face my son yeah
and then she started it and there's no
likes like let me just come out and
check so I saw the same thing I know Mom
I feel so bad guys that's what happened
he likes play oh you guys know how a car
is to someone that's like your baby it's
like your precious baby for people who
don't have a kid yet which I do but not
that my mom no zone for people that
don't have a kit yet your car's like
your baby so I just feel so bad but mom
thank you for the breakfast and I'm
about to go play basketball so I
finished this video and one last time
for all those car lovers who cringed
when the car at the garage Brandon
yep I did that nobody else did it wasn't
anybody else's father was my fault I did
that shit happens I guess there's no
nothing to blame except for myself and
before I get into a little story I just
want to say I apologize about my voice
because I've been playing a lot of
basketball recently and I mean a lot if
you think before I used to play a lot of
basketball now these past couple days
have been crazy and you might be
thinking to yourself well how does
losing your voice have anything to do
with basketball well anybody who knows
me knows that when I play basketball I
yell on the court of law I just I yell
at myself I scream and so the past
couple of days like yesterday I played
basketball for seven hours seven hours
the day before I played for four or five
hours and so I've just been a little
stressed and as everybody knows
basketball is my stress relief so I've
just been playing a lot more recently
few thing I used to play along then you
want to know about these kind of couple
days oh and my voice being like this
might have a little something to do with
the draft lottery I don't know maybe not
but maybe just a little bit anyways I
just want to tell you guys a little bit
about the car you know what's going to
happen how it happened so first and
foremost obviously I'm going to call the
repair shop stivity and I'm going to see
what they're going to do about it I'm
hoping I'm hoping that I don't need to
get my whole bumper replaced because not
only is that going to be much more
expensive but it's going to take way
longer they don't have pieces of the BMW
i8 just laying around and stuff so
they're going to have to order it it's
going to take a really long time so what
I'm hoping is that they could pop the
bumper back into place with some clips
and that they would just have to do a
paint job and fix up the light so I'm
hoping that they could just repair it
with how it is rather than getting a
whole new bumper either way it was just
still really stupid of me to back up
into the garage like that I don't know
how that happened I parked in my garage
every single day and nothing like that
has happened before so it's just like I
said it's its life shit happens and you
just got to deal with and move on
I'm actually really really thankful
because this could have been way worse
for me when I posted a snapchat of the
car like that a lot of people thought I
got into a car accident they were like
damn bro are you okay what happened to
your car are you fine and so that got me
to thinking you know this could have
happened from a car accident it could
have been a collision on the freeway it
could have hurt somebody else so I'm
very very thankful that I just hit it on
the garage and thought it was my fault
and nothing more serious so obviously
yeah this sucks and how it's pretty
upset that night but I'm thankful that
it was just into the garage and I didn't
hit it on the freeway or on the Main
Street with another car or something
like that because it could have been
much much worse so the thing that made
me most upset the thing that put me in
the worst mood was that I wasn't
supposed to drive the BMW that night if
you're wondering where I was going it
was last night like I said the camera
screen downstairs the date is messed up
it wasn't may 16th it was last night I
played a basketball game I filled in for
my boy I was playing a basketball game
and so after the game my friends had
plans it was one of my boys birthday and
so they invited me to hang out with them
and I you know I came home I showered up
after the game and I was going to drive
the Lexus because me and my boys we
don't fit in the BMW that you don't it
barely fits anybody in that car so I was
going to take my other car because it
fits more people and so I parked my BMW
in the garage I had it already
I had already tucked in you know it was
ready to go to sleep for the night and
the Lexus was parked outside so I was
going to take it then as I'm about to
leave like you saw I was going to leave
at 8:30 I got a text around 8:25 right
before I was about to leave and some of
the boys flaked some of the boys said oh
you know sorry we can't show up it's a
little too late and we live far away so
then it was just going to be me and my
boy just hanging out so that's when I
was like okay if it's just going to be
two people then I'll just take the BMW I
don't need to drive the Lexus and that's
what made me so upset because I was not
even supposed to be driving it I even
had the Lexus keys in my hand and right
before I got to the garage that's when I
got the text and so I put them down and
that's what makes me like oh it shit
happens that's life it just if it didn't
happen that way then nothing
happen to my car but the sex I was
supposed to drive my Lexus and then last
second I switched into the Beemer that's
why this happened it's just live shit
works like that I don't know how to
explain it but it's just weird and I
feel so dumb especially when i watch the
footage that's my first time watching it
it's just I want to punch myself in the
face like Brandon what the hell is wrong
with you so obviously like I said
earlier it's completely my fault nobody
else is I'm the idiot who drove his car
backed it up into the side of a garage
but let me say this we have a one car
garage it's only supposed to fit one car
one however obviously with the whole
situation with the fans coming to the
house on a daily basis you know all that
good stuff the whole reason why we're
moving home because of all these
disrespectful fans that come to the
house and just they don't respect our
property me and my brother both park our
cars inside the garage so we try to fit
two cards inside of a one car garage and
if you guys don't know my brother has a
Range Rover that's not a small car and
to top it off he ends up autobiography
so it's actually it's big it's a big car
and so we try to fit his big car and my
BMWs inside the garage and so every
single night when I park it I have to
park as close as I could to the eggs or
else Brian can't even open his door so
every time I come in I'm pretty much I
know I'm trained to where I have to
literally be is close from the garage or
found anywhere farther from the garage
then Brian won't even have room to open
his door so I'm always pushed all the
way against the edge and so every single
day when I back out of the garage
I'm literally I have this much room I
have this much wiggle room to turn my
wheel or else it's going to hit and with
something like that eventually this was
going to happen eventually I'm telling
you for the past couple months that
we've been both parking in the garage
every time I back out I don't have any
any room at all but I make it work
this time I just I didn't make it work
people are going to be saying oh but
Brian's car wasn't even in the garage
yes I understand but I'm just trained to
park these clothes so that Brian could
come in so I parked like that now even
when Brian's car isn't there because
obviously what if he comes home when I'm
still out I still need to give him room
yeah I guess there you have it
that idiot who hit his car into the side
of the garage and I don't feel good
about it but like I said it's life stuff
like this happens and a lot of people do
things that make them feel dumb in
different ways shapes or forms for me it
comes with hitting Mike on the side of
the garage obviously when I take it to
the shop today I'll let you guys know
the news as soon as possible like I said
I'm hoping fingers crossed that they
could just repair the bumper maybe like
paint touch it up and just clip it back
on I'm hoping even though that would
suck it would be the best-case scenario
for what my dumbass did I'm hoping
hoping hoping they don't have to order a
new pieces and a new bumper because it
takes so long for them to come in and it
would be much much more expensive so
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I gotta just be more
careful with driving because like I said
today was crashing it into the side of a
garage but who knows another day could
have been on the street it could have
been the freeway obviously knock on wood
but I'm very very thankful that I only
crashed it into the garage because car
accidents are very scary and I got to be
a much more careful driver and the abyss
sucks but like I said I'm thankful that
it was just six it could have been much
worse I could have ended up hurt if I
was driving carelessly in the streets
and oh I feel so stupid guys I love you
guys so so much thank you for watching
this video I know everybody's gonna
comment you're so dumb how do you crash
your car to size the garage you should
take care of it like it's your bowl ball
I know I know I know I understand that's
why I slap myself for you guys cuz I
know all you guys would want to do it
right now anyways I'm about to go to the
gym to go play some basketball so my
voice is so annoying I sound like Katy
Perry but I'm just joking I fuck with
Katy Perry especially firework and
Teenage Dream and all that good shit Oh
California girls but anyways guys thanks
so much for watching and I love you guys
all peace I don't know I'm not too big
on cars and repairing all this stuff but
I know a lot of you guys that watch my
videos are so those people who are huge
on cars what do you guys think you think
it's going to be an easy repair with
just some paint and touch-ups or do you
think it's going to be you know the
worst case scenario lowball what do you
guys think cuz
not really doing all this stuff
