like I have never met a more stubborn
dog Bosley come here let's go inside
like he knows what that means and he
chooses not to listen Bosley come on
let's go inside yeah I know you could
hear me you have some problems with your
eyes but now your ears bro come on let's
go inside okay
Bosley I'm gonna count to three one two
three let's go inside okay that's how
I'm gonna Spanish uno dos tres let's go
inside okay
for the last time I'm doing it in my
language hot trip so look Bosley or not
keep betraying your owner go ahead yeah
go ahead pee on the tree because that's
what going sign means so I come to the
house to see my mom my dad and my dog
and Brian but he's in LA with the 8th
family and I come here and mom what are
those so first and foremost I don't
understand I go to the hospital cuz I'm
sick I have to pay for being sick and
not only that I have insurance so yeah
they cured me because I pay so if I
didn't pay and I say home I would have
died so pretty much I have to pay or
else I die
Basel you're lucky you get to go to the
van you don't have to pay any bills we
pay them for you okay guys so I'm about
supposed to Instagram a picture right
and I've been stuck trying to think of a
caption so I asked my good friend here
yo Dennis can you try to help me think
of a caption and he opens his phone
you can put call me there for me because
every Sophie what else well the one I
liked was on my worst behavior Oh know
yourself know your worth Dennis are
these Drake lyrics are you looking up
Drake lyrics by captions Oh Jennifer
gamester do not caption to get chillin
like a gangster I've never met a strong
person with an e-zpass what home is not
a place it's a feeling Dennis mom can
you help me think of a caption for my
picture this is my circle small because
I'm into quality
his own Bible with these guys I've been
on this screen for like three hours I
cannot think of a caption guys hey
cameras on Ju got a sorry I can fake how
you always do now you're a vegan the
cameras on so he's always a vegan oh
yeah so what do you think of this
caption broke where you move in question
mark I said on to better things
Oh Jay Dennis has a Google page called
called 47 Drake caption you can caption
you want do they have a vegetarian Drake
section hey hey how did this get the
first one should I delete it I think
your fuck how did that get you the first
one now after we edit that oh like why
was on that page for three hours no it's
not a joke Dennis you think everything
is a joke Jase laughing laughs Jay watch
watch in your sleep sleep with your
mouth open
I'm putting a stake down your throat
like that's not fair I was on the same
page for three hours just trying to
think of a caption try think of the
caption finally I got a caption and I
freaking post the picture is wrong yo
guys so today is February 23rd and as
everybody knows on February 23rd
something that means a lot to me
something that I love very much makes
its return and I miss it a lot
I miss this well no I miss you very much
but this certain thing was gone for two
weeks no I know I want to give you a hug
but that's not a long time I'm talking
about basketball the Phoenix Suns make
their return today Dennis why are you
laughing well go study you're 47 Drake
captions my life without the Phoenix
Suns it just it's not complete imagine a
pizza being served with missing slices
that's my life without the Phoenix Sun
who's getting the number-one pick this
year
that's how you know your life is sad you
don't say who's making the playoffs you
don't say who's winning the championship
you say who's getting the number one Pig
I love the Phoenix Suns it's just hard
it's hard being a Suns fan but one day
we'll be good
I might have gray hair by that time I
might have 50 kids I might be a grandpa
but all I know is that one day we will
be good again can you open Instagram
really quick because I posted a picture
guys hey I thought it was against a lot
to look this good watch oh oh oh my God
my baby looks so handsome like I mean
like for Mama rogue I love talking my
mom told my Instagram pictures cuz I
know no matter what even if I look ugly
that my mom is the one that's gonna say
you look good so you know you never look
I don't know what's going on Bryan's
Brenda's life but he's looking flower
thanks mom
shout out to a dance Allah he said
looking fly shoutout to Romel he said
why are you waiting Facebook's closed
Romel I got my own off-white it's not
Brian
I know I understand Austin from the ace
family really really good Hooper I know
but I want that won't be what I want
oh by the way guys it's not official
size this is all the way down if I could
dunk that easily I'd be in the NBA right
now oh no not the off-white shoes
there's a car coming oh no no no oh he's
gonna pop it oh no no no no go get it
I mean I'm not saying there's the ace
family's fault but if I was recording
this part I would never kick the ball
wait the ball is going down the hill
100% think about how low the hill is
it's down the hill golf cart take a golf
cart to pin the lid on so as I was
saying before I made the super decision
to keep the ball down the hill was I
know Austin is really really good at
basketball but I want that 1v1 I'm
Brandon I don't back down from a
challenge I know he's taller than me I
know he's more skilled than me and I
know that he could probably dunk on
official size hoop there Austin when you
come down to San Diego
I want that one we want Austin's gonna
be like okay Brandi you're taking all
these close shots lower let me show them
I have some range just so he doesn't
think it's gonna be all that easy I told
you I want to see if he's up for it
whenever he's down in San Diego no rush
take your time so i could practice a
little bit and get better cuz i know
Austin's really really good hey Austin
let's do a 2v1 me and Devin Booker
against use now but really guys I'm
being serious when I say Austin can
really hoop I was looking at some
highlight videos and the man can really
play I know he's busy having another
baby he already has a little one and so
it's gonna be tough for him to make time
to come to San Diego but whenever the
time comes I'm ready so we're on a
little golf cart ride right now Jenna
didn't you just get a ticket why are you
driving Bo and he's pulling his phone
out what was it ticket for for being on
your phone and you pull your phone out
but you don't listen you don't learn
your lesson hey officer if you're
watching this video you didn't learn his
lesson I'm not gonna lie Austin is most
likely gonna beat me but I still want
that one do you want-- who knows God's
plan anyhow you want in this
neighborhood it's on me pick a house can
pick a house you could pick a house
boats on me the budget for this video
was nine hundred ninety six hundred
thousand whatever it's called I wouldn't
be challenging you to a 1v1 if I wasn't
mad at you and a lot of people are gonna
be like Brandon why are you mad at
Austin that makes no sense well because
I came here to see my little brother I
love Brian I love ro grant and I came
and he's not here and my mom said yeah
the ace family wanted him to say extra
day so you want to steal my brother from
me huh mom how do you sleep in the same
room as my dad and Bosley
I know but my dad is like a motorboat
you think the hunters gonna pay the
hospital bill oh and don't tell me the
checkbook is still out I come here I get
killed
taxes bill its checkbook oh it's right
there I see it one last time I'm gonna
get into this I'm gonna have the tour
link in the description down below if
you want us to come to your city you got
a vote for your city and it doesn't
count if you comment the city it doesn't
count you tweet me the city you have to
click the link in the description and
vote for your City it is my first ever
to work you guys already know to a lot
of the shows I'm gonna be bringing my
dad bringing my mom bringing Brian when
he's not busy Brian gets busy a lot but
don't worry I'm gonna drag him to some
of my shows and if you guys want a
chance to meet all of us and play
basketball with all of us do not forget
to vote your City I'm extremely excited
pretty soon we should find out the dates
pretty soon we should find out which
cities we are going to but once again
the cities we go to it's not up to me
and it's not up to them it's up to you
guys whichever cities get the most votes
those will be the city that we will go
to and I'm so excited like I would have
never thought I'd be going on a tour
like enough people would like comes I
don't know it's crazy but are you guys
excited yeah dad are you gonna win
three-point contest part of the tour oh
yeah okay guys so all you fans out there
you want a chance to beat Papa rockin a
three-point contest you better vote your
city tell all your friends all your
parents and again you have to click the
link in the description and you have to
vote from there so while I was sitting I
was watching more of like Austin's
basketball highlights and I think I'm
more fair matchup would be Katherine for
me the place Austin's good boat or maybe
even L as sweet as L would probably be P
to the way I was playing today
Basel you want to go on tour
we haven't gotten any feedback for
confirmation on which cities we are
going to but if I had to guess this is
just straight off the top of my head I
have no data or anything
I'm guessing San Diego my hometown is
gonna be one LA we have a lot of support
La Mesa
for all the Chaldeans I think Chicago
cuz when I went there for sneaker con
there was a ton of fan so I'm guessing
Chicago Texas
maybe Phoenix a hundred percent if
Phoenix is gonna be 100 percent we'll
see we'll see we'll see it Bosley you
want to give me a kiss like I don't
think he knows kiss is like this not he
bites when we say kid father kiss yeah
and now he's getting more like intimate
and it scares me when he does this
okay Bosley one more can you jump jump
oh he wants to but it's too fast guys oh
my goodness look at this the Raptors
were down by two or three seconds and
Valanciunas oh it counts
shout out to Canada by the way I don't
have a lot of love and support in Canada
and hopefully we go to Canada for the
tour I don't know if they're letting us
go out of the country but hopefully
hopefully we can hit up Canada so
remember how I was all excited for the
Phoenix Suns to come back to play the
regular season like get this man some
help
Devin Booker needs some help please this
summer Phoenix game some help
but anyways I'm happy they're losing
because like I said earlier in this
video we need that number one pick I
know it's crazy I never thought the day
would come where I would be happy that
the Phoenix Suns are losing but we need
to lose as many games as possible this
season
o Booker with the past o Booker capaz -
we don't need to win any more games this
season next season
you could win next season for all I care
wouldn't a NBA championship but for this
season just lose lose lose lose lose my
that's what mad at me because I want to
watch the Phoenix Suns game in which
they're down by 30 points instead of the
overtime game that Booker just got an
and-one Toronto Raptors dad what what
channel
and be a know who put the bills in there
I swear when I check they weren't in
here
my mom's sugar-coated the bills by
putting all these snacks in there mom
thank you so much one of the biggest
things I miss from living at the house
with my parents my mom used to always
buy snacks and stock up the snack
cabinet look guys there's everything in
here there's look at this fruit by the
foot rice krispies candy chips more
chips cereal boxes there's everything
and whenever I used to live at home with
my parents I would always be I would
literally live in here that like why mom
why I'm not talking about the snacks
anymore I'm talking about why is there a
Chucky doll in the snack cabinet why is
my family crazy I came back and my mom
gave me a whole bag of snacks Oh mom
thank you so much you could keep the
bills but I'll take the snack bag okay
guys I'm back home now don't do all the
comments of my Instagram picture right
and yes guys I was wearing jeans in the
picture I know everybody was freaking
out they were like oh my gosh Brandon is
not wearing basketball shorts what the
heck but all you real ones all you
people that really know me come on baby
you guys know I was wearing the
basketball shorts right here I am
wearing basketball shorts they're just
under my jeans bow but I still stay true
to the basketball shorts they're right
over here you guys you know I'm just
walking around my apartment picking
close-ups I'm about to do laundry oh
wait look here's two extra socks right
here mom when you watch this video I
know you're gonna kill me but okay for
the sake of my mom I'm not gonna show
the floor of my apartment cuz it's
covered in dirty clothes but anyways
that's beyond the point mom I love you
so much but that is beyond the point I'm
just you know sitting here about to do
my laundry and I'm just thinking about
it I love you guys so much I'm talking
to you guys all you guys watching this
video all you guys that support me every
single day all you guys that freaking
you know follow my social media
subscribe to my youtube channel if you
support me in any way shape or form I
freak
love you guys and I think about it every
single day I don't always say it in
every single video because I feel like
you guys would probably get annoyed of
hearing it every single day but trust me
I do think about it every single day
thoughts go through my head like yo I
love the brats class so much you guys
have done so much to help me in life and
you guys have changed my life so much in
only positive ways that I love you guys
so so much and you know sometimes it
just hits me sometimes harder than
others and right now you know just
randomly hit me so hard I'm like yo I
love you guys so much so thank you for
being you and the wat squad I love you
guys guys that's why it's so funny to me
after the Phoenix Suns lose and you guys
all tweet me like trying to make fun of
me trying to make me mad like oh the
sun's lost they suck blah blah blah and
I'm just like I don't get it I'm happy
that they lost so like yeah I always
laugh when I see the tweets like oh the
sun's lost bruh wha days they suck I'm
just like yay I get mad when they win
this season like no you don't need to
win any more games
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
