ready set what are you laughing my log
of a lot it's like four in a row this is
no time for laughing what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka robotics and
today I'm here with mr. magnificent
rubber chicken judge mill Drake and Josh
is uh we I have it what's the magicians
name miss Jo here enjoy me me we have
lost four games in a row right right I
never thought that that would actually
happen we won the championship so we
ended up getting moved up a division and
the change is drastic it's a huge
difference to other teams are so much
more skilled and so much bigger but
there are no excuses no excuses we play
in a league and we got to do our bed so
right now we have one win and four
losses and where does that put us
it flips up I'm running without singlet
my guns are you know adult laughing like
our last place like it's just not
unbeliev get it is Alex all right play
yeah we are actually in last place right
now the only positive so far from this
season is that we have had the hardest
schedule so far we've had the toughest
schedule out of anybody in the league so
we've got all the tough games out of the
way so we have five games left these
last five games I'm not even saying they
should be easy because when you're in
last place
you can't call any game easier but they
aren't going to be as tough as the
beginning one but the main point of this
video is you can only make the playoffs
if you're six and four right now we are
well on every war so what does that mean
right we got to win five games in a row
we have five our last five games and we
even lose one game we're done we're done
all right lay off fellas that would
absolutely suck so this is our fault
obviously we have played pathetic Brian
you can't like say oh we shouldn't want
that enable show on this we know we just
played like trash we have placed
pathetic and when I look at the website
and I see that I'm the second leading
scorer I can't believe it because if I'm
gonna second reading floor we should be
winning games yeah so but tell them
about the team were playing today like
hell yeah number one leading grunts so
the team were playing today so I'm
second the league in scoring average 18
points a game there's one person ahead
of me he averages 25 points per game
that's crazy and he already yeah he's on
the team that we're playing today so
they're gonna be my first look at it and
if you guys know me you guys know that I
love playing against people who are
really good I just love a little
competition especially when I'm second
scoring and we're playing the dudes
number one I can't wait I love a little
competition it's just extra motivation
it makes you want to outplay them so
that's what I'm saying
our team has to win every single game or
else we don't make the playoffs and this
is our own fault we play pathetic we
play my trash so we've put ourselves in
a position sadly to where there has to
see her left and we can't lose one more
game
imagine we went for the whole number
last game you know there's no imagine
move affordable we have to win for Nate
O'Brien we don't sign up in a league to
miss the playoffs we don't sign up in
the league I have to be out of mind
shooting this one fine yeah you got to
be out of your slump I must set you up
for a lot of nice passes today guys we
have to win literally a muscle in game
or else we don't make the playoffs so
let's see what happens when the pressure
is on let's ease my team steps up in the
pressure or let's see if my team
crumbles in the pressure Brian I think
we're going to step up let me on and
guys the thing is the game starts at
6:15 Bryant oh well done what starts at
5:30 to trap lottery the NBA Draft
Lottery yes so well actually by the time
this video goes up the draft lot is
going to be over to me my draft lottery
reaction is actually already going to be
uploaded so if you guys are eating well
as video alleys because regardless
whether the Sun gets the first take or
the third thing or the whores are fake I
don't take a smooth surface it's
literally going to be the funniest
reaction every owe the money to you but
for me it's going to be damn your heart
attacks funny the other people don't
unlike you don't you if it's number one
that it's a funny happy you're gonna get
a heart attack we get the night now so
guys if you want to check that video out
I actually uploaded it yesterday which
sounds so weird to say right now because
the draft lottery hasn't even committed
but I will leave the link in the
description below the draft lottery is
going to end at 6 p.m. and the games at
6:15 so as soon as the draft lottery end
I would have to fly to the game I'm
better than happy time there is such a
small window and God can you only
imagine if the Sun gets screwed over in
the draft lottery and then I'm going to
have to go play a basketball game right
away Brian I don't even know if I'll be
able to settle you then yeah I would be
so stunned but if the Sun
number one pick enough to go play about
well just play basketball all happy like
oh hey let me shoot the shot okay
johnny-boy big but if the Sun swallowed
a drop fluttering our plans like so
bitch cuz you want to fucking carnie
yeah you're probably in like 3/5 anyway
like we said must-win game no excuses we
lose one time and there's no playoffs we
lose one time in our seasons over
so guys let's get this win Bryan I'm
talking to you I'm going to text the
rest of the team try to get them hyped
up motivated we're ready I was already
trying to make a plan for our team to
cover that dude who's averaging 25
points again we gotta stop him guys I
hope you enjoyed the rest of this video
like I said if you want to see the draft
lottery reaction I'm going to leave the
link in the description below and Ryan
you got to get the swing let's do it
let's do it guys hold on guys before we
get to the game let me just show you
guys which you know what I have enough
of this damn finger yes my fingers
infected yes it's injured and I'm not
supposed to be playing today but I'm
going to be playing sorry dr. phibes
you're really being a few obvious that
you're going to miss playing okay so for
the NBA Draft Lottery the luck I got the
Sun jacket not fucking figured out this
shit I got the lucky phoenix country
that i've never taken off in my life now
you're taking all i've got the air is
less soldier z I've got the barkis great
experience working Christian yeah I got
it when I went to Phoenix brother I have
the one the only mr. 70d book jersey and
then I have I'm ready for the game like
I said as soon as the draft lot of
enzyme have to run over to the game's
already got my short on already have my
DS on and then I'm just going to play
the game in a sandal feel ill I don't
have time to change or not just joking
guys but I'm gonna play my heart out
today Ryan we have a very more heart out
going 20 I don't care we just have to
win we got away Friday do you know how I
feel after every loss like I know I just
get off the court and I'm like we really
want to get depressed two in a row three
in a row and then after last three miles
like we really lost four games in a row
he started I wanted over like oh okay
all right
one is all I feel we could do one in
full you know what I also think it is
you know how we're defending champions I
think we have a little target on our
back so you don't want to beat us more
it's not as unit
coach instead of on the coach on the
funnier I'm going to be a motivator over
text on the motivator of your life I try
to do it all I just try to help my team
win the tv turns around today
we're winning today and then that's
going to give us a little boost to
momentum okay
we won last game we're going to look a
exactly remember this moment guys Brian
you remember this moment I'll remember
all you guys remember the season turns
around today I've had enough of losing
right I hate losing not going just 20
minutes later we fucking lose by 30
points or outro okay well we're not in
the playoffs I know I'm waiting today
guys
I've had enough every time it's the
gaming I look at the floor
oh we lost we lost fuck dad no more no
more losing Brian I want 16 losses in
here from the Sun I don't want to lose
on the court - I don't want to miss the
playoffs so no no more losing for
winning we're winning and Chris please
come back soon because no way in hell
playing today not playing today either
why this building that already knows he
tore it calf muscle what I mean lies and
then that's a funny way we make handles
we make you Chris right right guys let's
turn this season around but losing no
more coach how's it feel coaching a team
that's 1 in 4 and on the verge of maybe
not making the playoffs from back come
back right we're winning the rest of the
games one went out went out 5 straight
we're going to make the playoffs that's
what I'm talking about dad principal you
know I'm waiting for the Spurs ma dry
cough drops lottery what's going to
happen there life is number one no ok
fine give the sons number two at least
ok that's fun number one number two mom
how does it feel to be married to a
coach of a team that's one in four we're
gonna win we have to must win thank you
mom you've said that the last four times
by the way so just incidentally
that's why yeah we need Chris Beck oh
and by the way Jackie's actually not
going to be recording this game because
this morning she had like a bad reaction
to this contact that she put in her eye
so her eye was it was pretty bad so I
didn't want my girlfriend to come there
and stand up and record the whole entire
game when she had something like a
reaction to her eye so I told her to
just stay home and so I got my boy
Anthony to record this game so - Jackie
I hope you feel better and all the time
I check up on the right as soon as the
game ends and for Anthony thank you so
much for coming by and recording we
gotta grab a win I'm sick and tired of
losing I hate losing basketball games I
hate it and really quickly I do want to
apologize to my teammates and to
everybody watching my videos because
like I said I always put the blame on me
after the losses so I apologize for
these pathetic performances it's my
fault
I gotta do a better job of helping my
teammates out I got to do a better job
of setting them up for easier shots so
for everybody who watches my basketball
videos and they cheer for us to win I
apologize I try to bring you guys good
content and that includes playing good
on the basketball court because you guys
like watching my basketball videos so
I'm doing a terrible job of helping my
team win I apologize to you guys I
apologize to my teammates I got to do a
better job at trying to help my team win
basketball games because I try to really
watch the footage and I try to find what
I need to be better I try to do that and
I can go to step it up that's it it's my
fault
don't blame the teammate don't blame
anything else it's my fault I got to
play better so I apologize to all my
fans who watch the basketball videos
hoping for us to win and I apologize to
my teammate because I'm watching the NBA
draft lottery right now again if you
guys want to see the full video of the
reaction the link will be down below I'm
only laughing because I'm so fucking
nervous right now so I don't know which
other expression to do but my basketball
game is in literally 20 minutes it's
it's in 20 minutes and the place is like
15 minutes away I'm not even gonna have
time to warm up I'm not gonna have time
to stretch I need to leave like I gotta
leave soon but I need to watch the draft
lottery
so guys actually what was happening in
that clip the other team only has four
players show up so the director of the
leak came up to me and he said hey this
team only has four players so by League
rules they're gonna have to forfeit and
you guys get the automatic W and he kind
of pat me on the back he's like you know
you guys needed this win so that's fine
and then he kind of laughed and
suggested something he's like unless you
guys want to play the game and they're
allowed to pick up anybody they want
from the gym and then he's like but I
wouldn't suggest you guys do that
because you guys need everyone to make
the playoffs and I said so if they have
only four players then they
automatically have to forfeit and we win
but if they pick up anybody they were in
this gym then we could just play a game
and winner wins loser loses and he said
yeah but I don't know why you'd want to
do that and I said I ain't no bitch now
I didn't really say that but I told the
director I'm like nah let's play I'm not
going to take it easy W I want to earn
my wings so we let them pick somebody up
from the gym and we played a straight-up
game I didn't want to take no easy W
like that place okay we have we had the
chance to take the W the director came
up to us he said you could take the W
and I said Nala just play it straight up
because you know if people to teach the
dog Hanalei real some we need to quit
we're one in four we need it and I still
said no we don't want to take the czw
want to play it at a random place
watch it plug it backfire on you
you
Oh
whoa
who
and go
yeah 25 to 12 we're winning Oh
25:14
handle
the second five four three two
you
all right up by seven
bro
move
yes
how are they going to call that and not
on number let me tell ya oh you're good
No
alright guys the score is 39 to 25 we're
winning we're winning
finally we're doing really good normally
we fall back in the second half but now
it is because brand is mad about the
draft the pros
Brandon actually is just like Devin
Booker what thanks Anthony that is the
nicest thing anybody has ever said about
me
but it
Oh 31 to 44 I gotta be the biggest ha ha
ha ha ha ha
what is it this rough right here
I got hit him around the neck we didn't
call foul but now he wants to cause
now we took place super slow now the
flop messed him up the gold hooker 48 to
35 was four minutes left
recording is actually more tiring than
playing the game
oh okay
the home
by 17
yes shoot that oh my god could there be
a draft every Tuesday
I know slow
a minute left
that yes Brian please
ha
they cheer for it and they have a draft
whatever every Tuesday I thought you
don't do the automatic plane you got to
believe in your team
that's how we do it alrighty
what's its what's its that 22 with it
what is that Wild West well W here
because the sons lost the lottery okay
guys so we just found out Rob he's out
for two weeks he's gone on vacation so
enjoy that picked up a W right before
his vacation but since he's out for two
games I promised him when he comes back
we're going to be four and four we're
going to win these mixer games for wrong
I'm gonna do it we're going to be first
I'm going to go in the playoffs exactly
we're going to surprise the core block
finally yes it feels so good oh my gosh
I almost forgot this feeling I swear I'm
so happy yes it feels so good guys
finally it's been way too long
four straight losses that's a whole
month of losing one whole month of
losing every game yes I'm so happy
shout out to Ronson shout out to Brian
obviously shout out to Gilbert Alvin Rob
we did it we did it not me by myself we
did it hmm we wouldn't have won without
you guys this helps oh yes finally I
think this was the most points I dropped
in a game this season two I had 26 maybe
they should have a NBA draft lottery
every day oh shit I forgot to wrap my
finger up before I played the doctor
said don't play basketball for a week
but if you have to play then you have to
heavily bandaged your finger or else
it's going to get worse so she told me
to buy all these bandages and everything
and I forgot to put on my finger before
we played but guess what does I don't
care because we weren't I'm just joking
I kind of care because it's not really
good for my finger but we wanted so yes
shout out to all my teammates man
this is what we needed we just needed
one win one victory and I knew when the
pressure was on when it came down to a
situation where you have to win or else
the season's over
I knew my team would step up I knew that
we wouldn't be fazed by the pressure
because we have say drugs so we don't
get paid haha just joking all the words
choking off YouTube history but anyways
I'm really really proud of you guys we
needed this win and I feel like that way
is going to be the wind that gets us
back on track and gets the season going
right Chris we're still waiting on you
so hopefully when you get back things
will get even better for our team not
only am I really really happy that we
got the W but like I said that other
team has the one
I was above me in scoring for the league
so me being a competitor I'm very very
competitive when I do that with playing
a team and they have a player that's
supposedly
better or scores more it brings out the
best in me and makes me want to beat
them more and it makes me say yo I want
to outplay you like I want to play
better things I want to show that I'm
better than you
what happened we beat their team and I
outscored him I think he has like 21 and
I had 26 so it just feels really good as
a competitor when you play somebody that
other people say is better than you it
brings out the best because you're like
oh you guys think he's better than me
let me show you guys and it makes you
play really hard so I love a little
competition
no hard feelings no trash talk it's just
two competitors going at it
top two scorers in the league I'm just
really happy we got the W man so one
down four more to go no more losses guys
this is how we got to play this is how
we have to play every game not only did
we win but we won by like 20 points
teammates this is how we got to play
every single game okay thank you guys so
much for watching this video
- my teammates shoutout to you guys for
winning that game and yeah guys be sure
to subscribe if you're new drop a like
if you guys want to and thank you so
much for watching this video board squad
I love you guys all peace wait was that
my shortage outro ever oh and for
everybody asking about Jackie yet she's
okay it was just like an allergic
reaction to her I cuz they were new
contact somewhere I got really really
really dried up and swollen so I didn't
want her to go record the whole game but
she's doing better now and she
appreciates you guys asking so thank you
guys for that you guys are the best
