I don't know what's going on Brandon is
yelling on Brian oh my god nothing
serious the number one piece he'll say
it right but sons need the sons needs
but number one pages over a little bit
now if you have to meet marquel marquel
full full nothing full full now the Sun
the Sun cannot connect fall out of the
top three fall out of the top three now
do this and say please God don't let the
suns fall out of the top three please
God don't let the Sun fall out of the
top three then do it one more time
please God don't let the times fall to
four or five please God don't let his
sons fall to Bell Labs I'll do it do it
right don't let God don't the Sun fall
to four or five and say mark L bar Calif
all fault all right
tomorrow's a day tomorrow you see this
you see days you see this you see this
yeah tomorrow
come on 5:30 p.m. got it out well guys
it's literally 4:00 in the week they
keep hearing sounds from Brandon's room
if I want to go in because I don't know
if you might be like touching himself or
something what why are you doing Brandon
come on what are you actually doing why
are you awake about 4:00 in the morning
why are you awake because oh there's a
third try and the Sun still on getting
the number one pick Brendan for no are
you doing it's the NBA Draft Lottery
stimulator didn't go to sleep it's 4:00
in the morning fucking thing I'm not
gonna sleep till it shows the Sun got
the number one pick you've never played
this game no oh I don't think it I don't
think anybody does this fifth overall
pick fine it's a simulator watch let's
see how many what my good luck don't
touch I'm waiting six jerseys what's
wrong with you brilliant it's a number
one pick let's see let's see it come on
come on come on
- yeah number one it's a simulator it's
not real time now it's time for bed so
I'll try man
I need a draft logs tomorrow go sleep
good night guys what the hell brain
inside he was gonna go to the gym like
two hours ago to work out and I think
he's still here
Brandon yes Markel fall with the
Hillary's using balls marquel for what I
thought you're supposed to go to the gym
what are you doing my gym I can't let
myself be seen in public before the
draft love me more helpful ones a wolf
what borrow is make you tomorrow is the
day number one pig is come to us baby
oh you don't work how many what no but
that's just I don't know I I'm scared
sanding dry flour baby
guys it's like 6:00 in the morning right
now
can I be my brothers in my mushroom look
are you doing fifty five point eight
four nine Jim and what percent chant
that number one take twenty percent
because my parents are getting the
number one picks box mom they have a
forty four point two percent chance of
falling out of the top three month if
they fall out of the top three I already
said my goodbyes to everybody at the gym
you will never see me again I'm sorry oh
my god so just I just didn't
hey Brian you know what are you doing
we're just explaining the lottery also
that she's not confusing the lottery
side so literally 6:00 in the morning
here just in case the Sun fall 2/4 or
hey sorry oh my god it's only you were
good not very good mom
mom Jess I want you to live in a fun
pray just pray that the Phoenix um get
the number one piece how about that
nigga strong gives a No
my one is it pretty mom come on this is
no joke how'd you enjoy okay well you
can go back to sleep I just want you to
understand okay okay today mom later on
today almost home I'll leave this here
so you can study it you ready laughs
thank you what's going on you got
Brandon here aka paratus and as many of
you guys requested you guys were killing
me on Twitter and in my youtube comment
section Brandon please do a draft
lottery reaction video and so what am i
bringing you guys today an NBA Draft
Lottery reaction video the draft lottery
actually starts in about 10 minutes so
I'm so nervous I'm sweating like crazy
ever since I don't know it's been months
this has been the day that's been
circled on my calendar this is the day
that I've been waiting for the Phoenix
Suns need some luck look at this one
Jackie my feelings I'm sure my marquees
critizise my Booker Jersey and my
basketball jersey if you're wondering
why I'm wearing my basketball jersey
that's because the draft lottery ends at
6:00 p.m. and my game starts at 6:15 the
place is already like 10 to 15 minutes
away so as soon as the draft blogging
means I'm gonna have to fly to the game
and you know all my friends were like
bro just missed the draft lottery and
check it on your phone you got to go to
the game that's more important I looked
at them I said what you just told me to
miss the NBA Draft Lottery you're crazy
so I'm not a super time scale so right
now I've been waiting and waiting and
waiting for this moment for so long I've
been up all night playing the NBA Draft
Lottery simulator I've been taking notes
to see what chances are sums are going
to get number one it's crazy today is
finally the day that I find out where
all those lost is worth it
was it all worth it are they going to
somehow get the number one pick are they
going to stay at number two or are they
going to get dicks in the draft lottery
or fall backwards the Phoenix Suns have
never ever got the number one pick never
who said it's time for love to turn
around it is time the tables need to
turn at some point something has to
change at some points and the Phoenix
Suns who have never ever gotten
one cake this year has got to be the
year please I'm praying to the
basketball god I've been talking about
this day for so long
Jackie she wants to kill me if she ever
used the word draft lottery again and
she'll probably kill me just in to my
parents to my brother they don't even
care about the stuff but I've been
talking to them about it I can't wait I
just hope and pray the Phoenix homes do
not fall to fourth or fifth because that
would be a disaster this whole season
would be a waste oh my god my heart got
you know this morning I went to the gym
and I was about to step on the court to
play basketball but I had to give
somebody my spot I let someone take my
spot because I couldn't move properly I
was so nervous that I couldn't even run
up and down the court because I'll
thinking of the draft lottery my armpits
they are sweating like crazy I'm just
lucky that Jackie shaved my armpit hair
because now it's not showing why do you
guys think there was no video yesterday
I couldn't even film a video because I
was so nervous I was literally shaking
all day and I couldn't think of any
ideas because I was so nervous about
this so first of all I apologize for not
having a video but I was a nervous wreck
it was like the day before my wedding
and all the girl I'm just nervous I'm
nervous god this is what determines like
what your whole season was about this is
it's just a crazy day and I'm not even
thinking about my basketball game my
basketball game is in less than an hour
but the draft lottery is the only thing
on my mind I already said goodbye to all
my gym friends when I left the gym this
morning I gave them hugs and I did my
farewell because I told them yell if the
Sun gets screwed in the draft lottery
again and they fall to fourth forfeit
after having the second worst record
I've never seen you guys again I've
never shown my faces to the public if
the Phoenix Suns who has the second best
chance at getting the number one pick if
they followed not only to number three
but stay fall to number four I would I
don't know what I would do I would
fucking oh that can't happen
I can't happen let's think positive it
cannot happen right now the Phoenix Suns
have a 20% chance at getting the number
one overall pick that's going to be
marquel Flo's baby the Phoenix Suns have
a 20% chance that is the second-best
chance out of any team in the league my
Phoenix Suns has the second best chance
at getting the number one pick so this
is pretty serious things could get real
then the Phoenix Suns have a 55% chance
at least staying in the top three so
they have over a 50% chance of it's not
getting number one to make it stay on
number two or if they don't get number
two they will fall to number three they
have a 55% chance of staying in that
window but then they have a 45 percent
chance of falling to fourth or fifth and
that would be the absolute worst case
scenario no team wants to lose almost 60
games the Phoenix on they lost 50
against nil no team on flute almost 50
games to draft fourth or fifth if you're
losing almost 60 games you want to draft
number one or number two at least in the
top three you have marked out both long
the ball or Josh Jackson okay now for me
I'm hoping and praying that the Phoenix
Suns get number one because I'm really
high on Markel fold I'm not going to get
too much into which players I like and
we players I don't like because I'll
save that for my NBA Channel but let's
just say I really really need the Sun to
get number one because I want marquel
Falls then if the Sun stay up number two
obviously the sometimes never ever had
number one in franchise history but if
they do get number two and then they
take between longer ball or Josh Jackson
that's fine with me I wouldn't be too
upset if they fall to number three I
would be a little upset only because we
have the second worst record so
deservingly so we should get number one
or two but if we do fall so number three
would it be the end of the world we
would probably take Josh Jackson but if
we fall to number four or five after
this or it season no that's like that
can't be an option that that let's not
talk about that let's not talk about
falling to fourth or fifth because for
those who don't know if you're new to
this channel or if you don't really know
me I take this stuff very very seriously
and if the Phoenix terms fall to number
four or five let's just say I don't want
to show you guys the side of me that
would come with the Phoenix I'm falling
fourth of it I don't want you guys to
see that side of me draft lottery starts
in about five minutes both my legs are
shaking
my legs are it's over it's done my body
is going to shut down just the Phoenix
Suns get the number one pick I do not
even know what I'm going to be doing but
enough draft lottery simulator enough
bothering people about the NBA draft
lottery because guess well the day and
time is finally here
Phoenix Suns
let's get this number one pick baby this
is the year for the Phoenix Suns getting
the number one paste bringing more folks
to Phoenix oh and also the Phoenix Suns
are one of the only teams in league
history that I've never won a
championship and also I have never got
the number one pick so some teams get
the number one pick but never won a
championship
something's win championships will never
get the number one pick the Phoenix Suns
are one of the only teams to never have
a championship and never has the number
one pick let's turn the luck around it's
time for some lust in Phoenix it's time
to get Devin Booker some help and it
comes with picking number one baby let's
do it Phoenix let's do this and I can't
wait just don't fall two four or five oh
my god 5:30
it just started oh yeah guys let me
explain this really quick which is
probably the biggest storyline of the
NBA draft lottery for those who don't
know the Los Angeles Lakers will have to
give up their first-round pick if it
doesn't fall into the top three so if
the Lakers pick number one two or three
they keep their pick but if the LA
Lakers pick ends up four or five or six
then they're going to have to give that
pick to the Philadelphia 76ers
so this might be one of the best days in
Philadelphia 76ers history if they end
up having their pick plus the Lakers
pick then that would be crazy for them
and this could potentially be a disaster
for the Lakers if they end up having to
give their pick away in my opinion I
don't think there's any way the league
lets the Lakers lose their pigs I just
don't think that the NBA is going to let
the Los Angeles Lakers lose their pick
it's just the league heavily relies on
the LA Lakers being a good team I'm not
saying any conspiracies I'm not saying
that it's rigged well or maybe I am but
I just don't think there's any way the
Lakers lose your pick to Laker fans
they're very nervous right now but I
myself don't think they're going to lose
their pink but we'll see what happens
guys oh I'm literally sweating like
crazy this is supposed to be one of the
best drafts in NBA history scouts and
general manager oh there's marquel
quotes the dude I was talking about I
love this game but yes scouts and
general managers have been talking about
the draft for years and years and years
and here we are the day's finally here
and please go ahead let the Sun get the
number one pick they're going to make
the selection soon really quick before
they make the selections let's just get
into what Boston has going
so for those who don't know Boston
actually owns Brooklyn's first round
picks the Boston Celtics are still
playing they're still alive and they're
in the Eastern Conference Finals but
they may very well end up with the
number one pick that would be insane if
a team that's still alive in the Eastern
Conference Finals also gets to pick
number one in the NBA Draft that would
just be it would be nuts it would be
crazy
Suns please PLEASE Suns we have so much
bad logs our luck has been so bad as a
Phoenix Suns franchise look no further
than zero championships we have zero
rings please let this be the day that
the Suns get the number one pick and try
to turn this franchise around okay guys
my heart started beating too fast so I
just laying got some water this is
honestly one of the scary days of my
life this is one of the most important
days oh my god ever since I've been
alive the Phoenix Suns have never had
this big of a chance at getting the
number one pick so every year when I
watch the draft lottery yeah I have my
hopes a little bit of but at the end of
the day I know that Suns aren't getting
number one because they just don't have
that good of a chance this year they
have the second best chance in the whole
league so this year is actually
different they actually have a chance
and it's so like this is one of the most
important days in Phoenix on history
this today might be the most important
day for the Phoenix Suns franchise over
the past 10 years and I just I don't
know what to say I really don't know
what to say I'm just really nervous
right now
and I'm gonna shake it off because I
have a basketball game soon and I cannot
be playing like this gosh can you just
make the peace already I can't wait you
guys don't mean you guys know how much
basketball means to me you guys know how
much the Phoenix Suns mean to meet you
can't tell please God please just one
time give us a high pick I just wanted
everyone pick one time this means so
much to me I'm begging you NBA
basketball God's clean bullets to the
draft logic simulator one more time
let's see the draft lottery simulator
that I do right now this will be how the
draft lottery ends up okay so you got
boston phoenix lakers top three let's
see simulate this is how it's going to
really end up
my god oh my god the sun's moved down to
number five women okay fine that was a
joke obviously I was just joking this is
how it's really gonna end up yeah fuck
yes
please I'm begging look even Laker fans
are happy they get to see on number two
come on Phoenix I'm dying my basketball
game again literally 20 minutes look at
this because I'm only laughing cuz I'm
so scared I don't know which other
expression to do if it falls out of the
top three that would suck for a Laker
fan but I don't think it's going to
happen
look Phoenix Suns most 20% chance for a
number1 pick D book my guy
and he took Noah with him right there
shoutout to noah mister 70 come on bro
you guys are playing in the damn eastern
over the finals you really need that
everyone fit come on think about the
other franchises oh my god there are the
envelopes those are the envelopes that
are going to have such a huge impact on
my life just think about it those little
pieces of paper are gonna have such a
huge impact on my life please oh my gosh
brian and my dad and my mom they already
all left to the game i'm the only one
home right now oh my gosh
come on Phoenix come on Suns
oh my god at the time getting closer and
closer I don't know what kind of
feelings these are I've never felt these
feelings these type of emotions
guys what's crazy right now it's 549 PN
so right now we have no idea who's
picking where but in about ten minutes
like we're going to know like fuck I'm
just I don't know that sounded really
weird and probably I really sound stupid
right now but sorry I just can't think
straight I can't speak uh uh oh my god
I'm not ready I'm not ready I am NOT
ready for the shit I am NOT ready for
this moment in my life come on okay come
on just get it started either gonna go
to the game oh my gosh
just please don't fall so forth or fit
please don't fall so forth or fit it's
sorry guys it's starting it's starting
this is so nerve-racking guys I can't
just just look at one thank you okay so
then okay ah sorry I just have to let
that up Jesus Christ
okay so so far everything is shaping out
the form so far everything is going
their plan okay we're getting closer
we're getting closer guys ah
so Sacramento fog man fuck fuck
so Sacramento moved up into the top
three so that means either two suns
Lakers or Celtics move down please don't
let it be the Sun please don't let it be
the sun's will move down so you get out
of getting screwed every year I'm sick
and tired of getting screwed every year
oh no here's the fifth pick please note
the four feet to the Sun please not the
fourth root to the Sun please not the
fortress of Sun please God no please God
no please no Phoenix no no no no fuck oh
no miss fuck
you
oh man oh shit always happy
Oh what the hell man
of course it has Oh fucking I'm dead bro
not once fall we didn't move down one
spot we move down two spots fuck this
year but I don't even care gets the top
three I don't even count out watching
this anymore this is pathetic every
single fucking year every year the shit
happens every fucking year oh we didn't
move up to number one god forbid we move
up no way then we dance at number two we
didn't move down one spot to number
three we move down two spots to number
four fuck this shit bro fucking rigged
ass NBA rigged a sleeve faker than WWE
I'm over this shit guys all my teammates
keep asking me how I feel like that the
Sun drops in the lottery but I'm not a
bad ball cannon I gotta walk I'm done
watching volleyball oh yeah I'm just I'm
not an NBA pain anymore so what does
that say I don't care
yeah no they keep that so how do you
feel I feel so bad I'm like it's okay
yeah I remember the good old days when I
used to be an NBA fan I'm not I'm not a
decimal okay there's only so much light
okay so people like me what happened
hasn't shut up because I don't know like
when you're in a relationship and you
get cheated on a million times they're
doing so much you can take same with the
NBA that it's so much right they're
going so much so all my teammates I'm
okay I'm fine I'm not a basketball thing
I remember the old days when I used to
build media's a small fan Ellison's good
old days
I'm just two hours ago the good old day
depends on game yo guys so I just got
home look I'm parked in my garage and I
was about to go upstairs shower and you
know just hang out out the house after
the game but I just thought about it I
just remembered the whole draft lottery
and honestly like I can't be home
because I'm just going to keep thinking
about the draft lottery so to get my
mind off things I'm gonna back out and
go to the gym and keep playing some more
basketball man fuck the wall draft
lottery pissed me off so bad so instead
of coming home taking a shower and going
to sleep I'm just gonna back out of my
garage drive over to the gym and just
keep playing and playing and playing all
the way to my body can't take it anymore
so that I don't think about the draft
lottery so yeah Thank You NBA thank you
so okay guys so it's been a full day
since the NBA draft lottery had ended
I've had 24 hours to kind of calm down
kinda just just relax and I just want to
close this video out by clarifying why I
was so upset because a lot of people if
you follow me on Twitter I was tweeting
and tweeting our pigs
I was upset just like you guys on the
video when the Suns ended up with the
fourth Pig I was pissed and rightfully
so all my other sons fans friends they
were pigs - it's not the fact that we
can't get a good player at number four
that's not what I'm saying
so all those people who are tweeting me
Oh bro at least you saw the fourth bit
you could still get a good player I
understand that that was not why I was
upset the reason I was upset is just
because it's built in anger every single
year every single year every single year
we get screwed in screwed year in and
year out year in and year out I
understand if we get screwed like five
years straight and then one year is good
and let me get through it another five
years and then one year is good but
we've just been getting screwed over it
screwed over in the draft lottery every
single year so I understand that we
could still get a good play out number
four but when you end the second best
chance at the number one pick you're not
expecting number four you're expecting
number one you're expecting number two
or maybe number three so all of the
angry when I saw that we're picking
number four is not due to the fact that
dammit we're going to get a sucky player
number four it's not that it's just the
fact that it's just all built-in anger
of the sun's getting screwed over every
single
here and I just had enough of it I've
had enough to everybody wondering where
the basketball video is that's going to
be uploaded tomorrow I just feel like it
made more sense to upload the draft
lottery reaction right after the draft
lottery happened man what is I mean what
did you expect what did you think I just
knew something was going to happen I
knew it I knew it I knew it I knew the
sons were going to fall 2/4 I knew it it
was written all over the wall it was
written on the wall that Lanza was going
to go to a Laker
it was written on the wall that Boston
was going to get the number one pick so
that they can make a trade and get Jaime
Balder or get Paul George everything was
just right on the wall for the sons to
get screwed but I thought maybe maybe
maybe the Phoenix Suns can maybe jump up
this year like I said we get screwed
over every single year every single year
maybe I thought this would be the year
but no I was wrong it's just you wanna
you guys want to know the last time the
Phoenix Suns moved up in the NBA Draft
Lottery 1987 1987 I wasn't even born yet
that's 30 years ago that was the last
time the Phoenix Suns moved up now that
explains why I was so mad 30 damn years
for 30 damn years we've either moved
down in the south for me or stay the
same 30 years guess who was the only
team in the draft lottery to drop two
spots just get there was only one team
who dropped not one but two spots in the
draft lottery the Phoenix Suns of course
because of course that was going to
happen I knew it
right when the dude set and picking
number four in the NBA Draft before he
even lifted the envelope I know wasn't
it be later I knew it wasn't going to be
Boston I knew it was going to be the
Phoenix Sun because obviously that's
just what fucking happens anyway God now
that I've kind of calmed down yeah it
sucks that we didn't get talked to hell
it sucks that we didn't get top three
but getting top four is still be saying
I guess and there's obviously a lot of
conspiracy theories about how the NBA
Draft Lottery is rigged I'm not going to
get too far into that but let me just
say that I do believe it's a little
fixed and I said this years and years in
the past so you can't say oh just
because the sun's got screwed over he's
saying it's rigged no I said it's rigged
way before you could look through
my Twitter from two or three years ago
and you could see that I said it was
rigged it's just this is what doesn't
make sense to me they have the machine
that picks the ping-pong balls right
it's right there in the back of the
building why don't they show it on live
TV why don't they show it on camera
you're telling me that 2017 and there's
not enough technology in the world or
there's not enough cameras on earth so
that you can't record the damn ping-pong
balls being selected and don't hit me
with that bullshit where oh here's the
video here's the video came out yes I
understand they come out with a video
like a couple hours later I'm saying why
don't they show it live why don't they
show it live on TV why not what that's
all I'm asking
it is there not enough cameras on earth
because yes there is a video that comes
out a couple of hours after the draft
lottery but how easy is it to take a
fucking video that comes out later why
don't they show it live that's my
biggest thing it's 2017 there's no
excuses for why the ping-pong balls
aren't picked live it just makes no
sense so I'm not going to get too far
into conspiracy theories or how its
rigged but let's just say Boston in LA
two of the biggest markets in the NBA
ended up with the first and second pick
and the ping-pong ball weren't selected
on camera that's all I'm going to say
and again don't hit me with that video
that comes out hours after the draft
lottery because I want to see it live I
don't want to see some video that they
fix up in the back after the lotteries
over I don't want to see that shit so oh
and by the way the little rant I went on
about how I'm done with basketball and I
hate that one I'm never never going to
watch that ball again I think I was just
in the heat of the moment because I was
just at the gym this morning playing
basketball for a couple hours and I also
fell asleep last night reading a ton of
articles about the NBA draft lottery so
I think I was just in the heat of the
moment the whole day I was just hoping
and hoping and hoping we didn't fall to
fourth or fifth and what happens we felt
the fourth I never wanted to show you
guys that side of me but hey this is my
life I love the Phoenix Suns I love
watching basketball
I love the NBA and when something like
this happens to me I just get really
really upset and really really pissed
off there's going to be a lot of people
in the comment section saying bro who
cares
it's just basketball as you take your
way to
seriously you shouldn't have broke your
remote bla bla bla you shouldn't have
been that match that that's you guys I'm
very passionate about the sport of
basketball I'm very passionate about my
favorite basketball team
I love the Phoenix Suns and the Phoenix
Suns can make me very very very very
happy and they could also make me very
very very upset so to everybody who's
going to comment you know roles you're
taking this way too seriously who cares
just the draft lottery you guys don't
understand the passion somebody could
have about a sport so yes I was mad yes
I was upset yes I was angry but I just
love this team and I always want the
best for the team and things just don't
go our way we're cursed and I was
talking to a bunch of sun sand last
night they all think the same they were
all just as pissed at me anyways we'll
see what we could do with the fourth
overall pick if you guys want to see
more in depth videos about the draft
leading up to draft day you guys can go
ahead and subscribe to my NBA channel
the link is going to be in the
description down below to my NBA channel
I'm going to get fully in debt I don't
want to do that on my main channel but
that's going to be on my NBA channel
when we get closer to draft day anyways
I apologize is you guys saw a whole new
side of me that your day don't exist
a one last time I'm just very passionate
about the sport of basketball I'm very
passionate about the Phoenix Suns
actually that would be trying to become
that was me calm down because it's been
much worse
so uh yes for those who didn't know me
before today this is me I'm Brandon
awardees and I'm an extremely crazy
cycle diehard Phoenix Suns fan
basketball is my life so yes I do take
this up very seriously and do I care no
I don't care this is my life I love
basketball sadly it didn't work out in
my favor but thank you guys for watching
this video overwatch squad I love you
guys all and remember you'll be getting
our basketball game video tomorrow so
thank you guys so much for watching this
video
so I appreciate everybody tweeting me
saying bros you could still get a good
player number four I understand that I
wasn't where my anger was coming from
