hey guys it's Jackie here okay your
worst nightmare and for today's video
we're going to be pranking Brandon by
shaving his outfit while he's sleeping
this is a prank to him but to me I think
it's a favor
you guys might think that this is like
oh you know it's just out there you're
not a big deal but let me tell you he
grows his hair like his hair right now
is like longer than his hair at the top
of his head
it's literally like you know Medusa has
to snake hair or whatever it's like so
long his hair is longer than this look
the Columbus's he is obsessed with his
armpit hair only because i has to do
with Devin Booker
you know Devin Booker and him they're
friends and he found out that he doesn't
shave his armpit so he was like you know
what I'm not gonna show you mine either
because Devin Booker doesn't do it but
but Brandon forgets that Devin Booker
doesn't have the Middle Eastern genes or
fever I think it's so gross but he's all
proud of it because Devin Booker has it
so I've just been wanting to pick him so
so bad I never get the opportunity as
many of you guys know if you know
Brandon he stays up super super late
doing his videos and today he didn't
have anything to record because it's
Mother's Day he spent time with Sen nuki
is like oh man maybe I just want upload
tomorrow's right now you know he went to
sleep like a baby because he's also have
anything to edit tonight the first time
that he has gone to sleep before me in
like 2 or 3 months literally sleeping so
cute so I kinda feel bad because he's so
so cute when he sleeps I just not eat
him up he works really really hard he
usually added videos at this time it's
pretty late now every time too I sleep
at his house usually I fall asleep I've
been wanting to do this prank for maybe
like 2 or 3 months and I never get the
opportunity so I have to honestly just
take it I left my phone upstairs I'm
downstairs right now laughs you guys can
see you know the living room I left my
phone upstairs already recording I had
already set it up but it's actually a
really heavy sleeper but listen I have
to turn on the light so that you guys
can see me so I'm like really really
hoping that's not like that
I hope that you guys find this as funny
as I'm gonna find it I feel like I keep
going like this I'm gonna end up shaving
my own damn hair Ned who's gonna cry me
or hand me I really hope he doesn't wake
up but we got to do what we gotta do you
know so baby I hope that you find this
prank funny I don't know you guys see my
literally like call Devon Booker insane
you
I
because no good we will think you're not
Joshua okay yeah hey where are you even
awake right now go back to sleep
babe oh my god anything
then I haven't pranked you in Seoul I
don't rent you in like a year since the
pain this one innocent you've been
punked but I don't even think you're
awake
they've come hold on
where are you mad well I mean what am I
going to do
put Super Bowl back to my own pants look
at this red no arm oh you then I'm doing
the armpits
okay oh my god you guys then I think
someone's this is the first night I
stuck to serving you will be able to
shit no you look hot doing really what
is this the prank yeah it is the prank
but you hate that this small oh shoot I
forgot yeah they're all on my bed am I
just now waking up what did you do look
at my bed it's covered in here long I
filmed you sleepy oh my god it's not
well two minutes wait what did you do I
have a basketball game on Tuesday shave
it off I have a single we're coming
thank you
whoa whoa let me take that pristine itis
that's what we call Thomas of me don't
mess with the Zohan god I haven't bring
Jackie in so long been so long I haven't
pranked you babe
did you just start a prank war I did and
you want to know why
tell him what you did last me babe it
was like a year ago I don't care you
know what to watch so I bring up the
past yes oh my god babe but I think I
should shave it because you're like half
asleep like I really don't think I
really don't understand what's happening
wait so I see the footage I'm gonna kill
you tomorrow yeah you guys excuse me oh
nice to be awake too though I know he's
not awake right now oh and you cut
yourself no I need to go to the
barbershop for this I call the daddy
longlegs spiders I literally said you
have hair longer than anaconda am i
really shaving my armpits right now babe
this is longer than the hair on your
head right now it's women it's like
literally woman oh good one yeah you
fell asleep for like three hours
damn I'm usually awake anything at this
time another energy - okay hon you might
as well get tomorrow ah well shave it oh
hey Johnny's dad always meant to me no I
did I had to make explain this whole
story about how you love Devon Booker
you know I'm going for Devin Booker yes
you literally told me this oh my god
okay don't tell him that I'm to shave it
because now you're gonna start a war
watch this look I it literally pops out
even with my arms close this is
disgusting how many go my oh my gosh
they're looking worse look Oh
watch this guy's this style literally
Medusa same guys woke up that's
disgusting please just disgusting oh hey
we could donate this to the lockup look
whatever it's called nobody you could
throw this away
don't worry did you why am I even
touching that they donated to a cat it's
like that you can literally make a cap
from the hair and when I was done
stop no way
reverse realizes when I was explaining
this downstairs I feel like I totally
made up sound nicer than what it really
was disgusting is disgust am i even
awake right now no you're not you're
being really
right now and I think you're shaving the
wrong way guys oh my god so imagine the
next time I shoot a basketball look hey
you're the fellow though why'd you come
in chief oh but Lulu means Harry all
right
ah jeez when I do this so I can't do the
chicken dance
God you never even Dan and that guy you
guys the next time I should go frito
there's I'm going to be first of all
when I get fouled on purpose during my
game and there's I want to shoot the
frito I'm gonna say you're purposely so
I'm going to use my armpit for like
three seconds today I'm going to shoot
it it's Britain it's for sure not a wig
look guys I they're not even even are
they even know I have to cut this one
warm
holy shit is so much here babe why would
you do this to me do you know what time
it is
baby it's just like 1 o'clock I thought
the planes were over I thought you know
prank wars me and Brian or me in my mall
but with you we haven't break each other
in so long
yeah but you deserve it because you're
being mean to me no you know what I'm
gonna tell you this since he's more
editing and you didn't have a video
today because you're with your mom all
day I decided that you know what I need
to take advantage of it when is this
gonna happen realistically come on never
I never sleep this early so the one time
that I think this early you have to wake
me up with this shit yes is only me nice
on camera after the cameras oh yeah what
the fuck you really fucking with me you
put the figures with you know guys all
I'm going to say me and Jackie used to
prank each other a lot but we haven't
prank each other in so long and I
thought the pranks the couple prints
weren't up baby hurts when I go side to
side like this
I thought the couple pranks were done
but apparently Jackie wants to bring
them back I was finally getting a good
night's sleep for once no editing no
filming and I wake up to it I thought it
was Brian I swear I thought it was Brian
when did I say Brian
yeah you said fanny goodbye oh my gosh I
swear I thought I was Brian coming in
with a razor and I think me know if it
was my hair or my arm hair my armpits my
life yeah
I was in my sleep well I wanted to shave
your hair but then I thought about it
and I said okay do I want to end this
relationship why not yeah baby anymore
your name would be Jackie knobby no your
name would be not existing in my life
because I want to know who the hell you
were after that but okay guys well oh my
god I'm so stuck out oh you look like
hammy hey hammy yeah wait show me your
armpit on it looks it's right you guys
guys I just went from a man to a boy in
a matter of and this you do this one is
yeah I don't know like how to use that I
wasn't using it right this is the one
for the back not for the arm Oh for the
oh my god why I'm always clean down
there because this okay guys so you can
see my man is not happy with me I'm
gonna try and keep on the camera as long
as I can because if not he actually is
going to kill me and I'm scared
so come of it yet let me do the outro
are you seeing on my hair oh my camera
the one that anymore oh my god you guys
I'm just now waking up would you please
look it's not even at all I need to do a
Brazilian wax we can read oh my babe
what did you do to my life you ended my
life
man you come to that I'll choke me with
guys it hurts every time I close down on
my armpits guys oh my gosh I look like
this is like a baby's ass look babe look
I read you're so lucky I'm helping you
clean up what all your hair just look
babe you're not sleeping in my bed
tonight you can see I'm actually gonna
die that's why I don't want to turn off
the camera okay guys so babe do you
realize my armpits burn like when I feel
the air from the fan it burns my armpit
I don't know any how to pull after shit
but after shave my ass is gonna burn so
much no need to or like lotion okay you
want to do that to shave on camera yeah
guys here let's put aftershave for the
outro wait what does aftershave do for
you after shave it burns you
that's the only use it has you got to do
what you got to do
wait for it wait you didn't put enough
on yes I did wouldn't never I feel it
that's why I read I didn't even shame
there okay fine I'll take the blame for
the read because I just seeped out it
burns so bad I think I would you're
doing here I complete honestly and
because I know I'm gonna get it after I
turn the camera giddy why would you do
this again I'm asking you see I
generally did this and I like I felt
that right after I did it oh you felt
that I'm gonna make the hair grow back
the only two sticky glue it okay how
about no it's just not even that's what
worries me I don't know how to make it
Missy Paul my barber I'm gonna need you
to fix this up from this is weird it
feels very good like burned and prickly
like cuz baby I used to put a clip on it
not take the whole damage me like that I
used to put a clip on yes notice his
eyes how like big there no I'm he's a
waste
burn is taking a shower happy he's still
sleeping right now saw my he wakes up
and I can just say that he did it
himself
you guys I heard your footsteps oh I
just like I'm it's a record tell him
what happened
we're on the Bangor on the bed but look
you guys were so how do they look they
look good no no is this Carlos boozers
head yeah I need to look for a baby
powder God I will admit though yeah I
wanted to keep growing them but they
were long like I needed to shave them at
some point so I will admit I was due for
not a clean shape but a little trim
because they were getting a little out
of hand without clothes my arm they
would be this long long it was okay guys
now on how to treat shaved on pits 101
the LeBron James baby powder
okay well ah too much mm-hmm hey guys I
think the armpit should be good to go
it's crazy that I was asleep around 10
o'clock and out 1:00 in the morning
I had no idea this was going to be
happening to me today but honestly like
I said they were getting so long so I'm
just going to be a good sport about it
actually you're lucky you look so hot
right now because I can't get mad at
that face just show them I guess you
guys wants me to get a prank thank you
so much for watching this video my
armpits are what they are today life
those things that you just got to take
them and we're going to wake up tomorrow
is going to be a new day with no armpit
hair I think I'm sober Wallace yeah drop
a like if you guys enjoyed this video
please be sure to subscribe are so close
to 2 million subscribers not having
printed so long I thought our pranks
were over but honestly this might be the
start of a prank or a one time I fell
asleep before you but one time one time
I'm always awake when you're asleep and
I never did anything like this but the
one time that I fall asleep before you
and you go and plot something crazy so
you're crazy
you're crazy good that's it you know one
do a little brown on my turn I do I can
never turn down a little brown baby
powder
that one actually worked okay how do you
have energy I don't know maybe because
someone just shaved the fuck out of my
armpits wait what did I knock out of
your hand the razor of the camera both
oh my honestly repo condemned okay well
the reason I'm now get out okay when I
heard the razor I didn't know feels
going to be the armpits or the hair or
the beard in fact if you oh my God if
you did the beard no way so when I heard
a razor like I'm in my sleep so my first
instinct was not about the way any
because I thought it was Brian so guys I
didn't mean any harm to Jackie and I
didn't it was just going to be my armpit
so I thought it was going to my hair so
right when I heard a razor I learned
like Jackie Chan cookie right away right
when the Rangers town got to my ears
that's when like my brain woke up but by
the time I moved I don't even know yeah
I thought it was coming to my hair
that's how my first instinct was just
hit whatever it was the camera the razor
no one I know who was I thought was
Brian so I would my first sensing but
