kiss please yeah okay guys tomorrow's
Mother's Day I'm here with my beautiful
mother and you guys know every single
mothers that you know the son to mom the
basic is I don't know perfume or maybe
like a bag or a watch like you know the
typical basic Mother's Day gift well mom
I've been doing that for years and years
and years how about this year we switch
it up this year we're going to do
something a little different but just
let me and Jackie take care of it you
stay home relax
tomorrow's Mother's Day I don't need you
to come with me and you know shop for
anything you let me and Jess take care
of it you relax and I'll bring the gifts
to you tomorrow you know what you are my
dear I am your gift I mean it do you
know that but you know some gift doesn't
hurt every single year ever since I was
younger
oh here mom I saved up for perfume here
we go I saved up for a Michael Kors bag
I saved up for a phone case this year
we're going to do something a little
different mom let me inject take care of
it you relax guys me exactly we'll take
this blog up at the mall okay guys so we
decided to come to the mall to get my
mom for Mother's Day gift and the first
store that we're about to walk into just
show them none other than God you know I
could be basic I could be typical be
like the good kid and go to I don't know
Michael Kors or go to Kay Jewelers and
buy my mom like a little rain or buy my
mom a purse but we're going to make
today's Mother's Day fun we'll save the
typical Mother's Day Off camera for the
video let's do something funny to see
how my mom's going to react I'm going to
buy my mom just things that are going to
make her say like once I didn't tell
them up it's onions yeah I'm going to
buy my mom a bunch of things that she's
just going to be like who are you you're
not my son so off camera we'll get my
mom you know something knives before the
video let's try to get the craziest
reaction we put out of mama rug
we can get some crazy things for Mama
Rose okay so first we're going to look
for a t-shirt for my mom but what do you
think edition that's really perfect
y'all imagine my mom saying this to me
and Jackie's perfectly I get to you're
wearing the turn coming up to me and
Jack and be like yawning Jesus they
don't have a size small little mom I'm
not getting you a medium because I'm
hinting at something no I'm getting a
medium all because they don't have small
I know you're a small don't worry mom
don't kill me I usually you don't want
to get here the first one she was came
and she came SAS here tomorrow because
Sunday she's going to say to me when she
sees all the gifts and I'm gonna get her
she's gonna guy branded you and Jack the
only fruit okay let's try to look for a
gift number two under which I'm not
going to someone offering it for you
that's so funny your mom would love that
no it doesn't hurt let me try it all
right don't try it on me
no I mean maybe without clothes
I just do my hand I mean I think you're
doing your own turn around don't do it
to you Hey
look at this one the mega way your mom
would like that because it has rights to
sparkly with that one for sure I don't
know that I hurt all right
oh wow get off me
he please boys who use whip that's fake
get your hand get a little why do you
think his finger is broken put the lid
down like this you're a real man just
get there right so not funny
new Orman is in my mom oh yeah oh we're
going to voice me why when she opened up
give it to your dad how about just
handcuff okay i handcuffed okay man Coco
was well handcuffed love covered yeah
okay but they sorta with I found the
first thing me and Jackie are buying the
second we move out first thing we're
buying now groceries not furniture plan
hey no I know no bamboo mat that you
dance on me all the time
yeah but you don't have a pole well you
like find out what do you say I said you
don't have a man I thought I said well I
guess I guess you do have to have jammed
up which is nice I get for said million
Brendon singing good for us you wish mom
not I need this one for sure you need to
get me this for my birthday next month
oh my god that tell them is that Nami
yeah say you need that you need that hey
my girlfriend's feeling very too much
we came here for my mom but you can't
bring me a jacket here without expecting
us to start shopping carts go now we
haven't buy anything yet but my mom's
not going to use a hint us today that's
him down mom I celebrated to get her
this she's full of shit haha if I was me
I would get this I saw a cool little
extra weight I lost pregnant I don't
know where he is
I'm looking for a man oh my god okay
babe babe what are you doing hold on
what are you doing I'm saying is reading
that position of the day what's today
let's just see today to see if we
already did it
Jegs position of the day is Oh what
where's the guy wait where's the guy
wait do they just look for human beings
or bubbles it's just for a bubble buddy
and I'm confused how do you even wait me
doing honestly we kind of did something
like I just don't know it's just like
bubble buddy from Sponge Bob there's no
way humans can bit out okay let's see
what tomorrow's is okay I don't know
guys this is a weird Bowl okay guys so
being in that store for about 30 minutes
and we learned that we can go like
we can't go there to shop for somebody
else because it's just gonna end up
being about us here we are just hanging
out like looking for a gift and he goes
wait wait is that some of the things
that we would actually use
raise your song oh my god the hot fries
we have to take a break from gift
shopping guys it's time for the hot
fries my favorite part of the day if I
was being basic this year that's where
we'd be Michael Cordes but I'm trying to
be scandalous this year I'm trying to be
a bad person just joking guys I'm just
trying to be funny if it works it works
it doesn't doesn't God me and Jackie
have planned to reenact this movie No so
show them all our secrets quite weren't
we going to make a vision look for you
too but that was awesome
Oh God ah Cara's re-enacting this off
camera I thought we're going to make a
video on it for you guys but Jackie
doesn't want to yeah don't be that sadly
we'll have to do that off camera but I
wanted to do for you guys I love you
guys more than Jackie as you guys can
tell hey don't say that's right laughter
so we're looking for something that
screams grandma so I can get it from my
mom because she'll be so pissed I just
want to find something that when you see
it it just screams this is for old
people because you guys know my mom
hates when people tell her she's getting
old it's okay mom obviously when you
watch this I love you you're young
you're only 21 but it's just a joke and
you're getting old
Rachel cream Oh wrinkle cream yes yes
wrinkle cream okay wait I need wrinkle
cream first of all look guys oh my god
babe look at look at mine hold on like
just watch that's what stress oh my gosh
yeah - I'm stressed I doesn't matter I
saw everything
all we share how old am i 82 where is
the wrinkle cream babe I really think
I'm gonna get me a separate wrinkle
cream for myself I need it guys
came on slob was gonna get you the
wrinkle cream you know just as a little
joke you would open it haha laughs OH
it's 20 bucks so mom you better actually
use this I'm not spending 20 bucks right
joke better actually use the wrinkle
cream
actually no mom you don't have to use it
all usage got something I'm getting from
my mom as a joke how sad is that I
actually have to use it just look at it
a little bit before you do that before
we talk about this how many wrinkles now
oh no stop
it looks funny okay here let me do them
the most wrinkles heaven
usually there have four let me try to
make it eight but I don't know what
you're doing it but you're like breaking
your eyes ah the headache wait how do I
have so many meetings you don't have
wrinkles in your own one year younger
guys this is our stress the Phoenix on
to make me that's how many wrinkles I
should tweet all the wrinkles and then
at Sun because it's your guy's fault
Phoenix on all the stress of the past
couple wait you know what you're lucky
because I have ready fall underneath my
eyes you don't live wrinkled everywhere
I look like a bulldog like this yeah I'm
only 21 where do these wrinkles come
from okay well I'll get my momma wrinkle
cream and mom when you don't use it just
give it to me
but mom actually I think you need it I'm
going to slap you
wait is this a good video or about a
video okay I don't know I'm not I've
been doing my mom's motivated video
she's going to dislike it she's going to
make a million account and dislike them
on every single account but mom as much
as you hate me as much as you want to
kill me for this video that's exactly
why I bought you chocolate no not just
any shot glasses but babe don't break it
imagine five bucks I can't break it it's
like ripping $5 am i the cheapest
available so I got her shot glass I said
this sorry mom
it says sorry mom so I plan on giving
her all these gifts and then giving her
this at the end as a sorry so mom I know
you're going to hate the wrinkle cream
you know you're going to get mad at the
handcuffs a little Oh barter this to
a four place sex game it's called let's
fool around so I know you're going to
hate me for this but I got you a song
river and you know why I got it in a
shot glass and not a little card that
said sorry apparently my mom likes a
drink I'm almost taking the shots of
tequila so mom I think I'm gonna put
this to you she took it like a man took
it okay so let's go to the anti-wrinkle
cream and get out of here
okay guys so you came up here to finish
off the gift shopping by getting my mom
some classic mama rug white shorts but
after thinking about it mom you got to
switch it up she literally had like five
pairs of white shorts ever since all the
kids that's all she wears white shorts
white shirt sometime that's a laugh
nothing coming true right mom
can you switch it up so we were gonna
get some white shorts but instead mom I
must switch it up for you you need
something new in your life
mom I get you I don't know so the green
was you getting mom overthought not
going to do for my mom how are these
okay
don't over here look guys this literally
goes up your ass yeah there's a not even
that bad like I could wear these right
yes you're not my girlfriend
haha it's been a little on the comical
what's really so controlling if I was
really out get out of that relationship
or take this and shove up you have to
said joke babe you want to wear this or
too bad you can't leave I'm just gonna
get what kind okay okay wait God you
know what I just thought about I started
this video all happy and you know
laughing without getting a lot of jokes
from my mom and now I'm ending the video
like depressed sad
why because you have wrinkles well
you're making more the more you do that
so stop doing that yeah I started this
video in such a good mood about ending
with me just reevaluating my life I'm a
21 year old with the wrinkles of an 82
year old man actually an 82 year old
woman okay guys just like I got my mom
the big size shirt I don't hit her mom
you're my mom's gonna kill me I need to
give her that shot glass right away
before she killed me the one that says
sorry mom sure let up first no first I
need to give her a few shots before
getting here but she could be a little
more relaxed maybe give her a blunt
before she opens Oh be good but I'm just
joking guys I don't just stop so uh so
mom trust me I know your size small but
just for jokes we're gonna get you any
size I don't know how many literally
like this but I love you okay good you
know what forget the short forget the
short ever since I was a kid I've been
going to school and getting dropped off
by my mom getting picked up from all the
little kids birthday parties in my mom
wearing shorts mom I'm sick and tired of
you showing that much skin we're
changing things up we're just coming in
mom this is what you're going to be
waiting for day one no more shows I know
I love you Sully I'm so sorry you guys
have sick but that's so funny weight and
download I got the triple age repair not
the regular wrinkles I love you mom
don't kill me please a joke well I don't
know if it'll joke oh we're doing too
much legs
okay guys next day it's Mother's Day
finally Maude I don't know where she is
but it's time to get the gift out of the
car
happy Mother's Day I love you
happy Mother's Day you thinking I was
waiting for you what you were doing you
know I was editing the beginning of the
video because now
oh are you jealous are you jealous
Bosley give me good Mother's Day kiss
mama editing the beginning of the video
and now the end of it is you receiving
the gifts that I need to get from the
car
everybody have a seat please yeah yeah
dad you too by the way I'm still jealous
I hammy has a nicer room than me so we
need to get that fixed but let me grab
the gifts really quick cuz I swear she's
gonna kill me maybe not from the shot
glass or anything like that but the
aging cream she's going to kill me for
sure and maybe the handcuffs but I think
the aging cream is going to be the worst
oh my gosh the jeans guys why am I such
a bad kid already
mom I want you to look inside of the bag
all from the vehicle so watching the
gifts I want a first and foremost happy
Mother's Day to my mom mom you know
thank you so much in our older videos
obviously everything's that their mom is
the best mom in the world but means my
head my own opinion I would run off to
making is the best mom in the world but
I mean you guys can say about all your
mom so happy Mother's Day not only to my
mom but to all the moms in the world and
my mom would also say thank you so much
to everybody who wish her a Happy
Mother's Day earlier because I'll show
under the tweet and remember lots to me
thank you so much you guys makes my day
better always so thank you guys for that
because you make my mom happy when my
mom taught me I'm happy when I'm happy
I'm happy happy I think I don't know
and when our whole family's happy I'm
not mad well I should never have
whatever there's nothing we can do
sleeve is a superfluous or bother the
next month it will be happy and we're
going to start off with gift number one
month on Thursday label yes mom you you
get a lot of gifts that Joanie's are
gonna bring her one gift mmmm this year
mom I just feel like I'm blessed I'm
lucky enough to be in a position where I
was able to go out there and get you a
lot of gifts this year so thankfully and
I need it my gift is the superest
Brandon and Brian but I think you'll
like this so the first year's mom I know
you like to wear t-shirts and things
like this so I also know that you like
to come in the room me and Jackie and
like to yell at us and lecture up so I
think together this shirt is sp deal is
has de Jonge be Jesus amen to that
so from now on mom every time you want
to come in my room to yell I'm here
Jackie you're going to only be able to
be doing if you're wearing this shirt
okay a lot then well by the way I know
that you grew out of a small shoes to be
a small part or a medium I looking for
small don't worry cuz I might sleep with
it I met Jesus yeah you might be Jesus
in your sleep next one dad this one
might be for you too it's a deck of
cards on but it's not like the regular
card oh no it called let's fool around
so on it's a deck of cards than I get I
don't know I do got it from a strong
team again so why not I'm going to be
pretty rough on 81 can you sew the deck
see adult card game for two or more
players oh that's what yeah oh my gosh
yes each card includes a sexy action and
it says please take turn so you can't
get greedy dad you can't just oh I want
this one this one I got a picture so mom
or you guys could open that later
now the third mom home oh okay she's
wearing shorts perfect okay listen I'm
surprised they're not wife first of all
so wait till after the video hidden so
surprisingly my mom's near not wearing
white shirt but she's still wearing
shorts mom
Brian I think this relates to you too
ever since we were kids you know all the
little kids were in elementary school
the mob would come pick us up you know
all the moms will be weighing jeans and
Jenna
my mom would show up in shorts and I got
mom you're embarrassing me or my mom
come on oh nice legs
I know anything about life and life
open I know if I ask it - my life is
over but it's so Jameson yeah but as
kids we're just like the end and like
the old oak and steering we don't like
that so mom I don't want you to be
wearing shorts anymore my god
why not I just don't because I'm short
oh yeah for basketball I like basketball
shorts they're not maternity oh my Elysa
got my side was it once
no they just are getting one if I get so
large yeah Jerri a lighter cover hey the
funny thing is even if it's raining I I
used to go pee - mom at least we're a
family that may be okay God we're coming
coming to a close so dad I think this
one's going to be for you - not only
were those pretty but mom he's a mini I
never did molested oh my god
for me that's for you hear that
commercial that the guy for D like I
said nobody likes to be in a handsome
let's do it you're into those sort of
say huh yes but mom and dad oppose it if
you're not gonna use those and you can
give them to go so 50 is good fun handle
this - hi perky enough right there good
they say I'll give this is our fly in
the city cars and the handcuffs on
Brenda okay
this last year's mom this one I know
these are like all Joe's what I was
assurance these are so this one I
actually got up and this is actually
something I've been wanting to give you
so I think you're going to like this one
you said you get one cross almost like
you're giving yeah I swear you're like
trying to begin do you guys say
something
well it's a shape of a box and I was at
the mall you know the shape of a box
what do you usually get you want jewelry
maybe I decided to think outside the box
Neutrogena wrinkle cream yeah it's high
that wasn't my most feeling on the
difficulty paint one no wonder I'm Hall
of Fame I was the worries goalie and
this is just a regular it's triple aging
triple a modulus of wrinkle okay okay
okay okay mom I think you can do yeah
very nice
yes but honestly mom look I think you
need to give it to me I think I thank
you okay I never put anything in my face
for a long time yes yeah came up in the
last one Oh real good
the real here I can't believe him
anymore what guys this one I can give
empty needs to be added hold on our legs
okay - okay about that I love you watch
the power not ain't doing that early in
the morning and for the wrinkle cream
mom sorry mom
Misawa shut up no like when you look at
yourself with all these three so you
need a big bottle you know no you that's
fine enough come on for Mother's Day
come on Oh guys you're fine mom they saw
the video a lot yeah yeah yeah I'll take
half of Titus's yeah you know it's
Mother's Day for all the mothers Latrice
all we need you 13 ounces
for all the 21 year old boys with
wrinkles yeah do it do it do it
Wow I even have you know what no my
thing
hey guys your closing video blog I hope
you enjoyed these gifts like I said
before the video sorry guys this was
just a little joke
I'm obviously giving my mom a real gift
off camera I just feel like I have too
many videos up here mom here this game
is good so we decided to make this one
funny well she thought she okay go real
good I do not know anyone you know what
they were all the best seriously any
little things from those guys I love it
thank you guys your mom Dustin's video
and I'll get you okay guys I hope you
enjoyed wow you need yeah exactly that's
for my guests I really hope you enjoyed
this video drop of life if you enjoy
being gift I'm just gonna clip this on
drop a like for Mother's Day thank you
guys for all the support like I said mom
happy Mother's Day to the bezel you must
be the best son ever I love you what
when sons day they don't why Sir James
did you know what because oh let's it's
got some time back so they don't have it
on the mall about that oh wait till they
give birth sister this is yeah right
okay guys I really hope you enjoyed this
video shout out to Jackie for helping me
pick these kids yeah he is a sad sad
lesbian Thank You Jackie okay mom love
ya and Jackie would be here but she's
spending time with her mom so Mary Lou
happy Mother's Day happy let's dance and
Jackie's mom if you want to show my mom
some love on her channel you do what
happens go show us some love
Andre channel I lost something today
they'll get you guys something up today
so don't show my mom some love on her
channel how does mama rug I'm here at
our office cry but if mom go check her
out anyway
thank you for watching this video we're
so close to 2 million subscribers can't
late the water supply run out by guy buy
cheap obviously the freaking paddle oh
no what's the fucking difference
oh this hurts I swear I'll go to
yourself oh that's gonna hurt yeah yeah
yeah
my channel is bro Wallace because my
name is Brandon owada
so just imagine like Brandon plus a lot
is yeah combined robot I mean subscriber
are you gonna what are you going to
subscribe or no okay do you want to be
on the video
Oh No thank you okay guys we just met a
new subscriber off-camera thank you
