guys this is a life-changing moment were
in bed and out of nowhere Jackie goes
hey babe do you want to go play
basketball and I'm like this is weird
because usually I'm the one who has to
go hey babe can I go play basketball and
then she's like no no and I'm like
please just for like two hours so what
did you say I want him to go to play I
want to go watch you I just I just feel
like watching him play basketball I
don't know so you're telling me that you
want me to go play basketball and you
will come and watch me yeah on a Friday
night yeah let's go
say no more me huh say no more me huh
Wow I was at the gym earlier today
playing and you were watching me there
you know that right so there's gonna be
my second time playing today yeah Wow
say no more let's go guys this is a
life-changing moment there's a dream
come true Bosley you won't believe what
Jackie said I swear yeah my finger hurts
but I'm in shock
you know how usually it's me telling
Jackie hey babe I want to go to the gym
and play basketball and her saying no
please don't go let's just go on a day
let's go to the movies let's lay down in
bed we were laying down and Jackie just
told me hey babe why don't you go to the
gym and go play some basketball I'll
come with you and watch you oh my gosh
she said she owned something mom I think
she's on drugs
I don't know but wow this is the best
moment of my life I didn't think this
moment would come
my god since she's being such a good
girl you get an ice cream cone okay but
I have a condition then what a
proposition my brother told me about
this gym right and he says so there's a
lot of good competition there like very
very competitive so I think that you
never turn down some good competition
where is this gym I'll lead you to the
gym just you know go the way I'm going
to do it don't go to the one they
usually go to we're going to go to a
different one but there's really really
good competition I love me some good
basketball it's gonna be intense
I mean I don't know if you want to go
but good yeah okay
wow you're I'm starting to get a boat
and honestly you just keep turning me on
with all this basketball talk so just
don't tell me Alania they're busy you're
gonna win all the games Wow it's very
competitive May 12 the new best day of
my life sun sun mr. golden oh come on
singing you know you know you really
want me to sing it yeah don't act like
you don't know I just don't to make
anyone jealous cuz everyone has a good
voice okay so see little children are
asking you to please come out so we can
play with mr. boxer son oh wait this is
all my gosh I'll take that out if I grew
up with the dirty version in the
cleavage Wow the day can not get any
better
Barney's basketball they're like before
yeah well that we always that's like
you're like yeah just like boys just so
happy okay we need to get ready for the
gym keep going you know we yeah I'll
tell you one okay am I going to be
making any turn yeah the next like you
will be making x1 all right yeah might
look a little familiar you know kind of
close the road looks familiar bottom
everything in came here yeah well you'll
see it it's like Neil so yeah well we're
you a basketball court why don't your
brother come so he can flick because I'd
rather just pull me to tell you to sorry
no we're looking are you gonna make a
left make a left
yeah there's no juice yeah you know you
build it like yesterday
I'll just here like today's emoji keep
going after this lap on so you know
after people work how they could go by
yeah yeah if you just keep going they
have an urgent care okay okay yeah I
don't know why okay and then I keep
going it's going to be a sudden left
also the gym is right next to the urgent
care yeah and McDonald's just in case
you get hungry while you're playing
basketball yeah so just you know make
this turn whoa okay virgin can I see you
baby yeah just park right over here that
you'll see it just Park here and then
you have to walk this way
corner yeah it's on the quick you just
on the border funny thing is about the
urgent here my mom and Jackie have been
begging me to go to Urgent Care for so
long now because my finger is just look
if you wonder why when I film I kind of
hide my finger because I'm embarrassed
to show you guys but it's been really
bad so I've been avoiding going to the
urgent care funny thing is it's right
here so mom when you watch this video I
was so close to the urgent care and
sorry I chose to go play basketball and
go get my finger check salad yeah get
your bag and we'll go all right guys
look my Devin Booker shoes you'll have
it touch the floor I keep them in the
bag until I get on the court and then
yeah take another ball oh man
and my ball has never touched before
either so my shoes and ball have only
touched the basketball gym floor okay
you ready yeah let's go come here okay
guys so there's the devil that always
tries to tell me I'm injured the urgent
care I've been here way too many times
for basketball injuries okay babe where
is it no we came from that corner it's
now over there has to be around this
corner then okay guys I got my bold
shoes shorts look what a basic baller
the nike socks the nike slipper is the
freaking nike basketball shorts oh wait
hold on babe
okay okay where is it
nananananana no no no no no no k gods
for those who couldn't tell that was
just a ski I know there's no gym here in
Jackie wasn't really taking me to the
gym first of all if they did build a new
gym with an ice castle out
wait let's let's continue to talk in the
car there's too much sound please
first of all if a new gym did open this
close to my house with really good
basketball competition and a nice
basketball court I think I would be the
first person to find out I would find
out before the construction workers who
are building they even found out but
anyway guys like I said Jackie and my
mom have been really really worried
about my finger which I don't really
shown any videos and I don't really talk
about because I'm not gonna lie it looks
that it looks disgusting and I just
don't want to show you guys because it
looks nasty but it's gotten to a point
where it's just really bad and Jackie
thinks it's infected I'm starting to
think it's infected so I just decided
you know mom Jackie
it's time to get it checked out because
when it starts to affect my basketball
plays that's how I know it's time to get
a check out today I was playing
basketball and I caught a patch and I
just dropped the ball in pain like my
friend passed it to me and I just
dropped the ball I was like fuck like
that's how sensitive it is even a little
touch and it burns so just to kind of
quickly explain what happened one time a
long time ago I'd say what do you like
two months ago I was playing basketball
and I don't even know what happened but
my finger got cut it was a pretty bad
cut I started bleeding and a piece of my
skin kind of came off so it's pretty bad
but it didn't look too serious
however as the day went on and as the
week's went on I kept playing basketball
on it and the cut kept getting worse and
worse and then my finger kind of started
turning yellow and then the nail kind of
started turning purple and brown and it
just kept getting worse but I hate
coming to the urgent care knocks I'm
scared of doctors knots not scared of
needles just because I'm scared of the
dunkers telling me not to play
basketball every time I come to a damn
urgent care the doctors always end up
telling me well you got to take a rest
don't play basketball you know limit the
time you play basketball you don't need
to play every single day and I hate that
but what started off as just a cut and
you know bleeding it's now most likely
infected because obviously when you go
to the gym and you catch the same ball
that everybody touches and you know
you're sweating and the gym is just
dirty when you're there with a
wound that's not good and so you want to
show them this guy's I've always shied
away from showing you but you guys have
to see this is it focus okay guys so I
don't know if the camera is really doing
a good job focusing right now but if you
can't tell there's some skin missing
guys first of all I apologize if it
looks disgusting I've always tried to
stay away from showing you this finger
but yeah I don't know if you can't tell
Jackie thinks that might be fungus I
think it's a bunch of dried blood so the
side of it looks like it's starting to
turn yellow and it just looks like I
don't know a chunk of my fingers missing
look look at the shape you yeah look at
the shape it just looks not it doesn't
look good
this shouldn't be the shape of a normal
finger
and what started off as just one little
cut now it's possibly infected it's like
the infection is eating my flesh like
the infection is eating my finger off
and it's really weird and it's gone so
back to the point where if I even touch
it like for example right here is stings
like crazy just from touching it I just
want to get it checked out just in case
it's an infection because if you have an
infection you got to get it taken care
of ASAP once I was at the gym today and
I dropped the pass because of how bad it
hurt I said no once your injury starts
affecting the way I play basketball then
it's time to get it checked out not if
it almost killed me not if it makes me
sake you know not if it hurts like crazy
but when it starts affecting my
basketball player it's time to go get it
checked out so we're here at the urgent
care and hopefully it's not an infection
hopefully it's not fungus and most
importantly hopefully the answer from
the doctor isn't no playing basketball
but we'll see what they have to say I
think it's losing more skin because I
keep playing basketball on it instead of
letting it heal on its own and guys
trust me my pain tolerance is really
high I usually never complain about pain
like from an injury but let me just tell
you the pain of this finger when it
touches something is crazy it's
unbearable like even something soft like
a pillow when it touches my pillow or
blanket it's just like you're my heart
drops like it's like it hurts like crazy
so for me to actually be here at the
urgent care and get it checked out my
mom and Jackie know just how badly it
hurts because I hate these places I
never come here hopefully it's nothing
too serious
is this a lot for maybe yeah he's very
stressful yeah 133 years okay
it just keeps getting like I don't know
more skin is I coming off and it bleeds
occasionally when I play basketball and
it started as a path it started just
like a little color right here we know
which types of us playing basketball -
yeah and I pretty much play every single
day so my thinking is I just navigated a
time
just keeps cutting skin off yeah I'd say
it start needed a little bit of second
it doesn't feel like it's got a positive
test to drain mm-hmm but what I want you
to do is I'll give you some antibiotics
for it now I want you to do warm soaks
with it to draw the infection outward so
that it was drain you gotta kind of try
to get easy as far as trauma to the area
and so I pulled off on basketball
security rules over and so I hold off on
basketball just to let it get a chance
to he only thought you to being the
worst news said over again my weather
really yeah good day of juicers take it
all you got any one right there to take
your fingers I got cold hands if you do
want to play that's where you do it
anyway man stage winner July nearly wrap
it in a bulky dressing so that great it
doesn't and it's going to mess up how
you can't use because it bleeds I pretty
much almost every time I play from this
little area and the kind of purple that
shows drag would i okay I told you it
wasn't fungus when it could be and it's
tough to tell it is a work because works
to get that kind of a black of your logo
featuring but we rarely see them from
the side because they're not often
involved in the fingernail you see maybe
a to the top and if that stays big like
that it has a little black spots on
Union upper now we don't do here but and
where the blood vessels come to the
beautiful so the antibiotics to those
just helps us can go back faster they
protect it in fight infection but keep
it at my face kind of been area matter
you gotta you gotta leave it alone it'll
grow it will be healed in a week if you
disable on so bottom play that's all for
school because one time I did play for
two days and I saw it starting to grow
back and then as soon as I went back it
just started getting worried okay take
it easy on it phone okay
ah mr. Sun mr. Golden Sun please shine
down doggy guys that's not my cute
little boys I could have like a Draco
like spice until it but I did come on
I'm serious I just got my Barney boys
mr. Sun Sun mr. Golden Sun but I could
die my singing voice I couldn't do
otherwise it she said don't play
basketball I said you know the mean life
is yeah that's what I said or you know
the Nick Young like that's what I did
first question like I I told you if I
just didn't play for a little bit it
would already be growing back instead I
kept playing and I ended up getting an
infection and an you know a little art
that's about the devil if what this
happened if I just took like two or
three days off maybe a week and not late
it would be all here instead it's been
two months because I keep playing every
damn day yeah I'm a bad boy I saw are we
going to that new Gina to this yeah
we're coming where is it it's on the
street to my house
I just lead you away okay you might end
up on my house in the bed yeah oh my god
dad is the game still on is the game on
someone put the game on there's 14
seconds left I checked on my phone
please don't tell me the game ended I
just checked on my phone
there was 14 seconds left yes it's not
over
tie game 14 seconds left Boston and
Washington mom I got home just in time
for the end
wait I'll explain to you what the doctor
said after the end of the game mom
Jesus why does hammy have a nicer room
than me I'm jealous of hammies room mom
I need a nicer room
no mom I'll tell you right after this
play there's Jackie is mom honestly I
don't know I just ran upstairs right
when I saw 14 seconds left but mom
pretty much it's infected and I have to
get antibiotics I'll tell you more
downstairs wait where's my dad or should
I say dad was dead yes people are
commenting freaking out rule what does
Brandon say my dad and my mom I don't
know guys I'm just used to it sorry I'll
start saying mom and dad I'm not adopted
I'm not yeah I might be adopted Oh
al horford to Isaiah mr. fourth-quarter
back to Horford oh oh he banked it oh my
there's my guy jailed Greene smart play
by they had to pass that ball he's mr.
fourth-quarter so everybody thought he
would take the shot so he's smart for
passing it out okay mr. wall you got got
seven seconds to either tie the game or
win the game they've their elimination
it's three to Boston so if they win this
it's done
Oh seven seconds left mom is dad missing
the game are you happy I said dad oh my
gosh if I was a Wizards fan right now I
would be shitting myself like literally
pouring down my ass shit oh oh he's
going for the win
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god I'm not gonna freakin win at Fannin
is crazy oh my gosh dad um the Wizards
were down by two is seven second and
John Wall hit a three yeah look there's
three seconds left now John Wall mr. ice
in his veins do you know what balls it
takes to pull up from three when you're
only down by two in an elimination game
dad I guarantee you 99% illegal to just
went for the quick to the layup and go
to overtime you know how much nerves you
have to have to go for three in an
elimination game at that point
that's crazy come here Bob to go watch
the shot over here come here
okay so now Isaiah has three seconds to
fire back so many former Phoenix Suns
Markieff Morris Gerald Green Isiah
Thomas all of them in the playoffs while
the Suns are
at home sadly guys I don't care to the
winds I just want to see a crazy finish
and that's exactly what this is a one
second left
look Isaiah sagging so far back he'll
make his move the same spot that Lillard
did oh my god dad remember Damian
Lillard against you since that look like
the same move damn Game seven Wow John
Wall clutch Bosley did you see that
hey me and my dad are happy as a
basketball fan Game seven we love games
oh my god honestly guys if you're a
basketball player you know exactly how
John Wall is feeling right now he's
hyped you can't even blame him he's so
hyped right now and deservingly so he
hit the biggest shot of his career so
far yeah I came to sit down to watch
from the game and that's I'm the throw
game imagine one of the sun's finally do
go to the playoff which is never going
to happen but imagine one they do how
crazy that would be but when Game seven
if you're a basketball fan you love Game
seven but anyways my mom is really
really eager to know what the doctor
said it's not too bad news but you and
Jackie were right it's infested and the
reason it got infected was because after
the cut I kept playing basketball on it
but worst part is you know what she said
she said if when I got caught if you
just didn't play rockball for like a
week it would be gone it will be done
nothing what had happened so she pretty
much she gave me a prescription for
antibiotics to get rid of the infection
she said has to soak it in warm water
every night to soak up the in seconds
what I was so shy so he asked folks what
my mom trying to kill me the words bar
of course she said no basketball and I
pretty much told her like I want to play
that ball she said if you do want to
keep playing basketball then you have to
bandage it heavily she told me better
often just not play any basketball
because it's infected and the ball is
dirty everyone touching the ball your
honor
the James if you learn to go and
something happen right there way so if
you weren't from there you didn't wait
always could be told no it was all
basketball she said it literally would
have grown back but now it's infected
you know what I told her I said if you
amputate my finger can i play tomorrow
she said we could imitate your finger
you can play the next a shoe on that and
she said there might be a war growing on
the side of the staff do they have to
burn it all either freezes it's easy
yeah freezer burn eeeh crew though I
should have listened to my mom and
Jackie like I'll sing in yesterday's
video
the ladies are always right so I should
have listened or I should have just
listened and not when played gospel
every single day after I've got this
really bad cut but what happened
happened it's too late to change it now
so the only thing I can do is take the
antibiotic Sophie and section out and
not let not play basket
so hopefully grow that fast because mom
I'm telling you even this bit touches
something soft like a teddy here eight
oh yeah it's very sensitive so more
imagine rinsing like a whole piece of
your finger off in just having the
inside so for you they don't like that
that's one thing I can't play back ball
what I am going to do I'm going to take
a couple days off will take two days
well thought out thank God two days so
the doctor recommended a week but I'll
take two days and that's not because I'm
not like just to take two days it's only
because no one plays these next two days
anyways everybody's gone so I'll take
these two days also just so happen to
work out perfectly for me but yeah
that's what it is I can't play
basketball that's where all the rather
half have me walk into the office and
say you know sorry but I'm going to have
to go to make surgical procedure and
take me to the emergency room and the
ambulance like this I would rather have
that and know that
but anyway guys I hope you enjoyed the
video bad news for me but things happen
so no basketball for these next two days
and Papa Road mama rasta Jackie we're
out for today thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoyed
drop a like for the finger huh oh okay
so Jackie's telling me to tell you have
to subscribe Shinobu closer to milk
subscribers you have already close to 2
million subscribers so I'll hit that
like button because I can't hit it right
now so you guys get it from me and yes
thank you guys for being here thank you
for watching finger press subscribing if
you're new please subscribe and we're
out bye guys P okay guys so I finished
editing this video and I just remembered
I forgot to mention this the biggest
reason that I went to the doctors was
because my fingers started affecting my
videos and if you ask how well because
when I edit obviously I'm on my laptop
using my finger and it started getting
so sensitive now we know it started
getting this sensitive because of the
infection but I didn't know why before
so the finger started getting so
sensitive that I couldn't even hit the
keys to edit cuz it would burn so bad so
a lot of my videos have been going up
late recently and believe it or not
that's because even when I move my
finger on the mousepad that's how bad
the pain was so once it started
affecting my videos once it started
affecting you guys because you guys like
watching my videos or at least I like to
tell myself that you guys like watching
my videos so once it started to affect
you guys I had to go get it checked out
so even editing has been a pain just
because of this freaking finger that
someone didn't cut their nails playing
basketball to jam so cut me know if
you're going to a gym to play basketball
don't go in there with freaking devil
nails you need to cut it but you know
what I just thought about so this
happened about two months ago so I just
realized that for the whole entire new
basketball season that I'm playing with
with my team I've been playing on an
infected finger and trust me if you
think it hurt when i touch a laptop or
touch my pillow imagine the pain went
out play basketball and catch a hard
pass you know shoot a ball it would hurt
like crazy but I just love basketball
man you can't keep me off a basketball
court so hopefully the antibiotics could
work because I want to be healthy I want
to play basketball healthy again
I don't know but no I'm going to a June
she said no I just scared oh you need to
be insurance only Brandon a lot is right
over here only brought a lot is what do
this he's driving you know cruising
trying to find a song that he's happy to
to pop him up for basketball and he
plays Barney only Brandon honey has such
a good voice oh no you're not doing this
is we hope your time John mr. goal all
this time my bridge was mr. Sun Sun mr.
book I like to enter take it like six
times one I wasn't going to walk in with
the gym bag is that why you're holding
the door open yeah no I was going to put
the gym bag back in the car and then go
in what you really thought I was going
to go to the urgent care with the gym
bag no hold on it was honestly so hard
not to say anything about this for two
months you guys imagine all the vlogs
all the pranks all the challenges all
the videos I've made over the past two
months and I didn't say anything about
this finger and I would always hide it
in my videos cuz I'm embarrassed this is
nasty it's disgusting and it hurts
really bad but I hate complaining about
pain I never ever like to complain about
pain because I've been playing bass
while ever since I was a kid so I'm used
to getting here I'm used to getting hurt
so I never complain about pain but this
just got so bad that I had to say
something but I never wanted to bring it
up I never like bringing my problems on
to you guys I never liked complaining
about some because I feel like my life
is really good so I don't have any
reason to complaint but this was just
really bad and it's just embarrassing I
never wanted you guys to see this nasty
I used to literally make sure every
camera angle people would record me and
my finger wasn't showing that's how much
I hated this and now I find out it's
seriously infected and like I said this
happened like two months ago so I tried
to stay away from the doctors I was like
let's just give it time to grow back you
know I lost a lot of skin so maybe it'll
just grow back in time waited waited
waited not only is it not growing back
but it's not even staying the same
it's getting worse like it's losing more
skin so but yeah I just tried to wait it
out wait it out and hopefully it would
grow back bye
but that wasn't the case so let's just
see what the doctor has to say
