what do we have here the two best
friends Bosley and Papa rug dad can you
believe this it's elimination game yeah
no Kauai knows Parker this is crazy guys
dad but isn't this the most San
Antonio's first thing to do like no
other team would do this except San
Antonio guys only gregg popovich they're
going into an elimination game on the
road no Kawhi Leonard no Tony Parker
it's the playoffs and they're facing
James Harding so you know everyone's
like okay they lost just going to Game
seven but no San Antonio Gregg Popovich
this is the most first thing that would
happen but anyways let's forget the game
for a little bit because me my dad my
mom and my girlfriend all just planned a
prank to pull on Bryan and I don't even
know how we came up with a just
everything last second we just all
started talking and we decided that we
were going to do an aluminum foil in
Brian's room prank we're gonna cover
everything in aluminum foil where is he
right now he's I think he's getting his
hair color eyebrows no see my dad is
foreign so he doesn't know about getting
your eyebrows done dad people here get
their eyebrow no no I never do
my dad just lets it grow Anthony Davis
style but so Brian's getting his
eyebrows done thankfully the place is
pretty far it's about 15 miles away so
we have a little bit of time to work oh
my God look at this fan that's me when
the suns lose except a little bit worse
so we have a little bit of time to work
with but Dad I don't think we should get
too comfortable so if you want to get
started Brian honestly if you come home
and complain about this prank
yes pranked me so many damn times in
this past month Brian this is the least
I could do you're lucky I'm not getting
like a tiger and setting him up under
your blanket so that when you lift up
your bed it'll be a tiger there honestly
that should be my next prank or maybe
like a lion
I don't know but Brian say goodbye to
the walls say goodbye to the bed say
goodbye to the chair say goodbye to the
Kylie calendar because we are about to
cover everything in this room with
aluminum for Oh way actually dad can we
not cover the picture we'll leave that
picture we'll cover everything else
so we have two packs right now
heavy-duty foil now if you're wondering
this is obviously not gonna cover the
whole room but we have the wife and we
have the girlfriend out right now
they're going to go buy more aluminum
foil debt this is why we're in
relationships guys when you need to
prank a son or a brother relationships
come in handy yeah I think he should
just leave it right chrome matte black
or a satin black we need to get to work
because yeah Brian's getting his
eyebrows done in a place kind of far
away but that still doesn't mean we have
all day we still gotta get this done
Brian you wrapped my room in bubble wrap
so this is a revenge prank aluminum foil
in-phase rugs room and let's see how
it's gonna turn out I think this should
turn out pretty dope and shout out to my
mom shout out to my girlfriend for going
and getting some more aluminum foil dad
where would we be without our Queens
we're nowhere let's get to work
Brian caught dad look what I found these
are my sandals Brian yeah you thief I'll
let him keep them because we're pranking
him okay guys step one we need to empty
some of the room because we want this to
be all boiled up so I'm gonna put it
outside before we do this oh yeah I'll
do the chair first thing okay guys so my
dad's gonna get started working on the
wall and I'm gonna start off on the
chair instead of starting on the chair
let me get started with this hold on
before I go play glass ball we got a
prank Brian really quick so 2sd wraps
right I'm gonna kill me dive where you
at dad guys he made his escape he's like
fuck this shit I'm not getting involved
in this
this hat kind of looks dope but I need
to make some merch like this oh my gosh
I want to wrap his Gucci belt but that
would actually end our Brotherhood he
would never talk to me again so I'll
leave this alone actually I might wrap
it at the end we'll see what happened no
wait I thought you were talking to my
mom no way I thought you were talking to
my mom and I was gonna say Kay guys
prank fails my mom and Jacky aren't
getting the aluminum foil okay Bryan
well first of all he's safe right yes
yeah okay guys now I feel really bad to
do this prank I kinda don't want to do
it anymore because Bryan just got a flat
tire
but my dad said he's safe and
everything's good he just needs to call
them I really thought my dad was talking
to my mom so I was about to pick the
camera up and say prank failed we don't
have any more foil but Bryan I hope
you're safe I hope your tire is okay and
I hope someone comes out there to help
you out but in the meantime you just
gave me and my dad some more time to
prank you oh my gosh okay guys I need to
keep working on the chair Wow
I think it was meant to be then to prank
Bryan Bosley at least Bryan's safe at
least she's okay I started with the TV
but then I remembered I want to watch
the Rockets and Spurs game just in case
they make a little comeback so dad I'm
not gonna cover it at the bottom of the
screen so we could see the score while
we do this oh my gosh well nevermind
guys we won't need to be watching that
actually okay guys so I just finished
wrapping the TV and my dad's still going
with the walls dad I think you can tell
who the more skilled aluminum foil
wrapper is my job looks so shitty it
looks like I got a bunch of duct tape
and just wrapped it on the TV I need to
learn from my dad that's oh I definitely
didn't get your DNA my dad's doing a
really good job dad it looks good
okay guys I'm gonna wrap the cabinet
next it's gonna take them 90 minutes
damn that's crazy
Brian what did you run over like what
did you yeah you didn't hear you were
probably bumping Drakon at least you're
safe like your card aint swerve or
anything damn that's crazy stay up
brother they're here
mom you won't believe it it did Brian
call you while we were trying to prank
him the good thing is he's safe and
nothing happened to him so we could keep
going with the prank guys shout out to
Jackie and my mom for the aluminum foil
here I'll open the door for you you
gotta treat your queen like a queen we
have a lot of time guys we got so lucky
because I was worried Brian was gonna
come home while we were yeah that's what
I'm saying mom cuz in the intro I was
saying we got to do this before Brian
comes home I was worried he was gonna
come home during the prank did you go
see the room it's so oh it's fun I know
I told daddy Brian should just keep the
room like that okay guys thank God the
ladies are here because ladies do it
right you're welcome
I told my dad as manly and masculine as
men think they are they all need a woman
yeah okay let's all get to work guys
oh wait look that already looks like
aluminum foil the five M for Brian spot
milk mom look I even wrapped his hat
yeah we're gonna wrap everything I feel
bad for you Brian ah the sound is so
cringy
and my Santa and these are all the elves
oh oh oh oh wait it might be Brian Oh
Brian's calling Bosley not he's here
he's calling I meant yo my dad is
upstairs he's watching the Spurs and
Rockets came maybe he thinks Tracy
McGrady is gonna come back in the last
13 seconds and yeah that's crazy okay
guys so so far look I took care of this
and that we're almost done with the
couch but my dad has done an amazing job
on the walls and now Brian for your
worst nightmare you can't blame Jackie
for this Brian we're sorry but we're
covering her okay guys we're almost done
well not really but I like to tell
myself that because because we're not
trained like my dad my dad is literally
Bob the Builder at least honestly
there's good warm-up before my game I've
been moving around and playing this
stuff so it's like I'm stretching before
the basketball game okay keep going to
work so you step with it
oh wait and then after we trained Brian
then we have to take all this down you
know what we're gonna have to sing clean
up clean up everybody do your shift
clean up clean up is that Barney the
Reagan's are cleaning up clean up guys
if we have enough we might do the floor
hey what are you doing looks pretty ran
out of things to do everything wait a
minute how what's the price for you what
let me go get out no you messed it up
babe ooh hi - Oh mr. Sun Sun mr. Golden
Sun please shine
on me idiot fuzzy why don't you help
you're just sitting there like a roasted
turkey mind your own business you don't
even want to help come on yeah go help
no no in the room in there or not
hey mr. Knickerbocker boppity-bop I like
the way that you Boppity buck with the
end oh my god okay guys so I started
getting to work on the bed and it's
crazy so far look we even made him a
little pillow son please recharge me I'm
a Suns fan now because of that song oh
this reminds me of Brian wrapping his
cars
oh no you got took the Gucci belt I'm
gonna wrap the Gucci belt but yeah rap
is easy
I'll do one you can do one teamwork
makes the mix it say it daddy and work
make stuff hey I got one
my back swing time and God obviously
we're recycling all this aluminum foil
once the prank is done we need to drive
it all up and recycle it we can't just
waste it that's not right we can use it
for our stuff to move
oh yeah that's okay guys we're gonna
keep working on the room mom this is
actually a big exercise but we got to do
it it's s'prise by and getting back for
everything put it back they blame
everything on leave it leave it leave
guys how rude when the ladies came home
they took off everything I had done on
the chair because they said it didn't
look nice and said we could do better
Bosley did you hear what the ladies did
they took off what I did on the chair
yeah guys we decided to take a new level
how petty Wow at least and I know you're
not only petty in my relationship you're
just petty in life so we were just gonna
cover all the walls over here but
instead we're only gonna cover the Kylie
calendar Brian is gonna cry and remember
babe don't cover this one you know what
let me see Brian is what you get for not
letting her play with hammy earlier why
was he asleep no it was late not only
are we covering a whole room but maybe
some of these little things like look we
have a suggests Pinner yeah yeah yeah
okay well it's not really gonna spend
biggest $1,000 outfit just remember it's
aluminum foil group okay we have a
fidget spinner we have his hat
construction I know I'm a construction
worker
okay and then let's not forget hey is
easy easy
Brian I'm sorry about these but we're
gonna leave them right by his bed you
know people leave from other bits so I
think for this video we've given you
enough cheese's we've given you the
process so many little teasers that
we've shown you so I don't think we're
gonna show any more until we finish the
whole roof the next clip I show you guys
is gonna be the finished product I don't
know if we're gonna have enough aluminum
foil to do the floor but no more teases
this is the most we're gonna show you
guys next clip you're gonna have the
finished product Brian this is gonna be
crazy
I'm sorry about the flat tire but
honestly dad now that we know how long
this took us if Brian being at a flat
tire dad there's no way we would have
been able to prank him it would avail so
number things that happen for a reason
everything happens for a reason and keep
getting to work okay guys so after hours
two hours after hours of just putting
foil up I'm literally sweating oh sorry
I'm literally sweating why you finally
got the room filled up thank you to my
mom dad and the wonderful lady behind
the camera Jackie for helping out with
all this they helped me do this prank
and now we're just waiting on Brian to
get home wait can I show it real quick
look at this bed right over here the
EC's of the pillow oh yeah he did look
at the wall and then okay guys and I
think it turned out perfectly because
Brian said he was gonna go to the ball
so he's coming home to get a jacket so
that's perfect so he's gonna come home
he's already in a rush so the second he
comes in he's gonna go straight to his
room so that's perfect I need to be
ready Rodney comes in I need to have the
camera on how perfect did this end up
the flat tire and so everything worked
out perfectly and I would just gotta
wait on Brian hopefully you come soon
because I have to go to my basketball
game in a little bit so Brian hurry help
we need to go I want to give us shoot
huge shout out to Ron because he helped
the most so and you till said they're
doing
because mine should be home yeah
permanently this is cool and no aliens
Brian's protected from aliens now they
don't come for the foil yeah episode
where Sponge Bob goes to the like your
instant years back you know in that
little yeah like elevator thing okay
guys he's right there he just got home
wait babe I just saw a thought of an
idea here you record I'm gonna be in his
room for when he walks in mm-hmm
actually no no you see wait
I'm not joking you know I just remind
you at this one where they go like 2,000
years yeah dog not the zebra zebra zebra
look how mad those are the patchy the
pirate
wait this actually looks cool but can I
get cut right now that's so long I'm
literally sweating before my basketball
game it took us so long the Hat how cool
is it no it looks sick I like I mean it
matches this yeah no I swear it just
looks like a different but to get you
back for the foampit in room frame huh
and the syringe and you put the foam pit
in my car okay fine
bubble wrap in room so they still get
you got for the bubble rapid room you
live on the worms in my burger right
guys I'm moving out so you put the ones
in my chick no you put crickets in my
chick playing the words no I got any
warmth and crickets
wait isn't that isn't this crazy right
so you know I did this because I didn't
play Miami patty I was and I didn't does
that because I knew you kind of Brian no
it's so true what's 99 cents are you
guys
careful coach I know I could rap you
know just looks like this isn't your
room it's not my room I can we sleep
together on wait the silly let's not
look cool anyway thank you so much for
watching this video please drop a like
fur I don't know it was crazy
Brian it looks cool Wow Brian's a good
sport the season this is a revenge for
the bubble wrap playing Brian we're
sleeping together
no oh that's never gonna happen so Brian
don't know even think about em - you
know guys if Brian jumping a snake home
I really have a heart attack
Ryan I'm talking you outdrove too loud
look like a lollipop
hi guys literally to thank you so much
for watching video please be sure to
drop a like Brian I'm sorry we had to do
this to you but I think it turned out
nice and don't forget 10:00 p.m. is a
bedtime we're both gonna be here and
cover right here thank you for watching
and I told them we have to recycle all
this we can't waste it my bad people we
gotta go to heaven so we go to recycle
this anyways thank you to jackie things
my mom thing it's my dad Brian no going
to J okay then you would kill me so
either I killed a snake or you would
kill me cuz I'll jump off of inspir you
choose I'll kill you that's already have
it planned out with Brian ever brawl
mistake I'll jump off the roof whether I
lived or not who knows something great
for the fuck you I would die guys I
don't have your feet I think this turned
out really good so peace out guys
closing out 2 million subscribers
oh yeah subscribe holy shit two mill
closed it ain't down to a guy like Brian
though no to millions a water freakin
sincerity okay bye guys that's it let's
take a thumbnail really quick what do
you think let me take this view like I
should be you know or no wait cuts off
your head who me it's super bright
because the aluminum and the lay baby no
Brian does this look good you go check
all the light earth fix yeah and I cut
off for no no you're right there no yeah
like that yeah
