what is going on you guys ran in here
aka the waters and today I'm bringing
you guys yet another basketball vlog but
before we start this video babe please
show your job the best gift I've ever
been given it says don't even try I have
a boyfriend and it's a picture of me
select ladies if you're in a
relationship and you don't wear a shirt
like that are you even in a relationship
I'm literally on the type of loyal that
nobody is like onto that level I feel
like but anyways we're about to leave to
my basketball game honestly we've been
playing so shitty all I'm going to do is
I apologize to you guys for how shitty
we've been playing
we have lost three games in a row like
what three losses in a row we are
trashed right now work smash and I
apologize to you guys because for me to
be putting a video out you guys deserve
better play from us you guys deserve to
be watching a better team and we're
defending champions we won the
championship last season we have no
excuse to be playing this bad
we're 1 in 3 right now and where does
that put us in the standings babe tell
them last last not playing we are dead
last right now that's unacceptable it's
pathetic and like I said in all my
videos after every loss it sorts with me
I don't care from the leading scorer on
the team I don't care about the lady
came up to me and took a picture last
week she said you moved up to second
leading scorer in the whole league your
second the first place guys going crazy
you're not doing like 26 points a game
and she's like you know Congrats
and I'm like honestly please don't
congratulate me I'd rather have waves
and be second place in the standings
than be set in place and scoring but a
lot of people were congratulating you on
Twitter so thank you for that second
place in the league in scoring it means
a lot thank you however I would much
rather take the win we were 7 in 3 last
season 7 wins and 3 losses and now we
already have 3 losses it's so
unacceptable starting with me I gotta
play better I need to do way way better
I don't care if I'm second in the whole
league if we're losing I'm doing
something wrong for my other teammates
we're blaming it on themselves no guys
it's my fault I don't care what anybody
says I don't care what the stats say I
don't care how the game looks it's my
fault and I applaud
there's no way we should be losing three
games in a row and we gotta turn the
season around starting today
today we actually play the second best
team in the league and on top of that we
got moved up a division we got bumped up
so every single team we face is already
going to be tough for em better than the
teams we played last season and I'm sure
you guys can tell just based off the
four games that we played this season I
see a lot of comments saying that these
teams from this season are much bigger
much better and much more skilled so we
just got to be ready and expect much
tougher competition and much better
teams and the ones from last season the
team were playing tonight I think
they're actually three and won their
second played so it's going to be a
tough game it's going to be a tough
matchup we gotta play hard we got to go
out there we can't make any stupid play
we can't blow leads I don't care if
they're playing a team that's better
than us I don't care if we're playing a
team that's 50 times better than us the
case in point is we're still defending
champions just as we're in last place
now okay that's harsh it's bad but we're
still defending chance so we got to play
like champions we got to play with the
confidence of champions and so far we
haven't been doing that and I'm gonna
try to get my team's fired up today I'm
gonna get them huddled before the game
I'm gonna scream in their face and I'm
gonna say do you want to win this game
or not do you want to be good or not you
want to repeat as champions or not I
don't know if I told you guys but you
only make the playoffs if you're six and
four six wins and four losses so right
now we already have three losses that
means we can only lose one more game the
whole season we have six games left that
means we gotta finish with five wins and
only one loss think about that we got to
finish the season six more games and
we're only allowed to lose one more so I
don't know remind my team as a leader my
teammates rely on me to be the leader
they call me the leader and as a leader
I need to get in their head I need to
tell them yo no more losing I already
texted them I've been texting them since
the morning
we gotta win this game it's time to turn
the season around but I'm also going to
huddle them up in person and do the best
that I could as a leader to try to get
them fired up to try to get some focus
on the game because hey we need this
wing we've never needed a win as badly
as this one so let's hope we don't go
for losses in a row because that would
be really bad I'm going to try my best
to turn the season around and I'm gonna
try to get my teammates fired up I'm
gonna try to get my teammates involved
and I'm just going to try to be a better
player because I know a lot of people
have been telling me that I've done
really good this season and thank you
for that
but I just know if I was doing good we
would have been winning if I was a good
player we would be winning right now so
it's time to turn the season around and
let's go see coach's opinion
oh no I think coach's opinion is going
to be harsh but I don't blame him right
now coach no I wasn't talking to you I
was talking to buzz League coach now I'm
just joking dad okay honestly I know
you're gonna be very harsh we've lost
three games in a row I understand so
just give me whatever you want to say
just say I'll take it I'm strong what
you're trying to draw a player edit your
video there's going to be kind of hard
for all the teammates to understand I'm
ready I'm for sure ready I hope
everybody else is ready because we need
this win we can't lose four in a row
that's crazy yeah you're gonna go to one
this for me or the gold god no excuses
obviously everybody plays basketball
there's no juices but how much harder is
this division than the one we were in
line it is it is all told yeah fair to
you guys you guys we thought we ended up
getting moved up after we won the
championship and I mean like I said no
excuses but these teams are so much
bigger there's so much taller and the
players are much more skilled it is what
it is we got moved up so you never have
because we got lighter you know run
classes yeah I got a haircut so I cut
them up aside so I could run faster dad
I told them I'm going to get the whole
team fired up I'm going to scream out
they're not in a bad way I'm gonna
scream at them I'm gonna get them ready
and I'm gonna tell them hey do you want
to make the playoffs or not excitement
about repeating our champions we're at
the point right now where if we don't
get our shit together we might not even
make the playoffs so I'm gonna get my
team fired up and dad the team were
playing tonight is second place no like
yeah well we've had a hard schedule so
far so guys I'm ready and let's hope the
rest of the team is ready because we
need this weigh-in badly yeah they've
stretched me please okay oh my gosh yeah
thanks big guys I don't know what
happened to Jackie like I'm not trying
to be rude or anything but she grew a
beard overnight it's kind of gross sorry
babe and like I don't know she lost all
of her hair she has some of it but
a Latin squad wait a motherfucking bitch
ah I'll liters hurt you stretch me
harder than Jackie Iike you straighten
us out all the way here we go here oh
whoa whoa I'm here with my boy Ali he's
gonna be coming to our game going on
guys been a cable Addison you really
have to stretch I've been seeing a lot
of comments don't worry I read them and
you guys like pretty much beg for oli to
play on our team and you guys know me
that's my boy this is all we I love him
it's my best friend we played together
at the gym all the time almost every
sort of jail I would love for him to
plan our team me and only plan on
starting a team in the future and be on
the lookout it's going to go down now
with us being moved up to a higher
division and trust me I would love to
have all the up oh sorry
carried away with all this Todd I would
love to have all you on the team if
there was any big man that I would want
on the team me and only I've been
playing together since kindergarten
I know all his spots on the court he
knows all my spots on the court and I
would love to play with him but
unfortunately this season see we can't
add anybody after week number three so
we're gonna have to wait till next
season but me and all you plan on
playing together I think that would be a
really really fun time we're gonna be in
the building literally literally both of
us in the basketball court building and
you guys going to look forward to that
brother they want you to play so bad not
even riddle but can I just say you look
so hot right now
yeah because I I don't know you just
look super hot like I don't even want to
go to my game I just want to take you
upstairs and I don't know I just
you look hot super hot okay time to go
play my game yeah it's time to go play
up I don't know why you look good is
that your highlight or your
that's not only why you actually look
really hot right now I'm serious you
look really good and I like the hair the
highlight the natural lash is no more
our Dell today I went outside I'm so
used to wearing fake eyelashes it was so
windy that I was holding my real
eyelashes like this I was like oh wait
why not
guys look I want to shout all these
people out first of all this is Michelle
she owns fan pages for me and Bryan so I
want to give a special shout-out to her
Michelle thank you for all your support
guys sometimes when I'm going through a
tough time
I actually messaged Michelle and she
gives really good advice Victor right
shoutout Kenneth denzil's and Judah
thank you and then Sophia you have a fan
page to thank you for that support and
then Sam well thank you for your support
too I want to thank you guys they don't
thank you both fan pages and Michelle -
thank you guys guys before I start this
game can I just bring you over here so
you just look at this handsome man like
hair can look so sexy bitch you look
good
thank you hoping to check out translates
to a way to that going wait just a
little spinny open wow look how sexy a
little try on this right now there's a
spin and a little smile I can't be
happier about the class to make myself
match like oh yeah sorry
cheated on me
I warned you about the huddle I'm going
to have with a team I'm gonna have to
get an extra fired up because for
whatever reason they're very happy today
you're not supposed to be happy when
you're one in green check the whole
thing is being happy we lost three in a
row why I'm happy Ross met for what
reason are they happy i rise
time to win guys I may be back to play
your bet we need great look how cute the
family is are you guys having a picnic
hahaha
see loosen evolve
you
I usually don't sit but I feel so sick
I'm like
yeah
going up there like if you are alive
like
Oh No
so I'm not trying to speak a lot coop I
know everybody since AMD have some ASCII
because I do sound like Whitley
go babe
go baby ah let's go you're seven to 12
so we're the third team by the way
hi now can I call that
Oh
Oh
Wow okay guys we're starting to 30
so I'm very confused right now because
from what I've seen my team a didn't
even touch the guy he didn't even lay a
finger on the guy but the rest still
felt the need to call the foul that's
crazy maybe I'm blind and he really did
hit him and I just can't see it but I
don't know
Oh
without voice cracks 2120
ah
Oh
did I bring in some mad right now
hey guys when I was 25 to 25
pretty good game so far honestly
baby yes I feel like Ali brings Brandon
a lot of motivation
he's so mad
ha
27:31 was three minutes left
you
and
look Christmas here you guys for moral
support since we can't play it
or go wide
for the life
stop it Oh
let's go baby
shove it
Oh
Wow there are 39 33
let's go
you
okay guys so at this point of the game I
call timeout because my team wasn't
getting any calls so I went up to the
rest when I asked him because as a
player you have the right to ask the
rest questions I wasn't being a smartass
about it I wasn't saying in any way
shape or form I just simply asked him
I'm like yo if I'm gonna keep doing this
and not getting the calls then I want to
stop doing it
so can you tell me what I'm doing wrong
and oh my gosh if I was miked up and you
heard the way he was answering me he was
being really really rude and as a
players you have the right to ask a
question so I don't know why he was
being rude I don't know if you could
tell just by the way he was talking but
he was just being very rude and I'm like
rest I'm not trying to be a smartass I'm
just asking what I'm doing wrong because
if I'm not getting the calls then I want
to stop doing it because it's hurting my
team so can you tell me what I'm doing
wrong and he was just he was rude that's
it that's how I'm gonna say
I have a dollar for every call that
hasn't been made in this game
okay babe
not really but something
I wonder what it is about being sick it
just makes you angry or everybody at
home
I'm just trying to because of my blue in
bed good suit
let's stop
Oh
hey guys 56 to 38 was 8 minutes left in
the second we're doing great fit man my
voice is so bad
so baby
hey guys who's finishing and 68 to 49
how do we feel about this well the rest
keep digging up we'll go get up yeah hey
no call another team will go up their
judgments about the most nearly quite
well on that play when I got a trip that
you even came up in like oh I'm sorry I
tricked you and I told the ref I'm like
yo the dude admitted to tripping me he's
like the ref was like now you tripped on
your own shoes all that okay even though
the opponent admit 50 thanks for coming
they're rude I'm asking a question like
No
yo can I know what I did wrong so I
don't do it again divided no I'm like I
just want to know so I don't do it again
oh well and I was very annoying because
all my basketball players know that adds
up players you have the right to ask the
rest a question especially when I asked
it in a nice way I just told them I said
you know if I keep doing it and not
getting the call I want to stop doing it
because I'm hurting my team so what am I
doing wrong and I just want a simple
answer and that's definitely not what I
got so we're gonna continue the game yo
guys before I give my thoughts on the
game I just want to say I'm not going to
be saying anything about the rest in
this outro because hey you guys are
watching the same game that I was
playing in I mean you guys watched it
yeah I don't you don't need to hear you
guys saw it all up you guys can give
your own thoughts and give your own
comments about what you thought about
that but anyways guys that was a
terrible game I just don't know what
happened we were keeping it close we
were keeping it close we even have the
lead at one point and then the second
house came and we just kind of imploded
we just didn't have the size to keep up
with that credit to them they're very
physical team and they were hard to keep
up with so credit to them they beat us
fair and square
yes there were a lot of bad calls and
yes the rest were kind of one-sided but
it doesn't matter we didn't lose because
of the rest I say this every single game
it doesn't matter how bad the refs are
you lose or win the game because of your
team so yes the rest were bad but I'm
not blaming the salt on the rest we lost
by 20 and we lost because we got
outplayed we lost because we played a
better team and the team played better
than a stat knife we didn't lose because
of the rest so if you guys are going to
comment saying Oh Brandon's just blaming
the rest
ball-ball he he always just says they
lost because of the rest no that's not
what I'm saying where there's some bad
calls yes there were a lot of bad calls
but that is not why we lost we lost
because we got outplayed by
a better team that is why we lost and we
even got to turn the season around man
inside but funny anymore we're 104 we're
last place and yeah we got moved up to a
higher division but I don't care we
should still be able to play better than
this this is ridiculous
so now we dug ourselves in a hole where
if we lose one more game we're not going
to make the playoffs we have to win our
last five games just to make the
playoffs we got to win out we can't lose
any more games so it's going to be tough
it's going to be a challenge but I
called all my teammates last night and I
talked to them and I'm like yo you guys
are you guys ready for the stretch run
five games left we gotta win them all so
we had a little talk last night and
we're ready the good thing is we've had
the hardest schedule so far we started
the season with the hardest schedule we
played all the top teams so the last
five games for us should be not an easy
schedule because like I said we don't
moved up so every team is good at every
team is better than the teams we faced
last season but it shouldn't be as hard
as our first five games it should be a
little easier but we can't take our foot
off the gas because hey we're the worst
team in the league right now we're
last-place so easy games don't exist for
us even if we play a bad team we're
still technically worse because we're
last so I talked to my teammates we're
ready we got to win all these games one
last time whether it's a bad call
yesterday yes of course but we didn't
lose because of the rest we lost by 20
points so you can't blame the rest we
lost because we didn't play good we got
outplayed in the second half and that's
human just too big we just got to play
better we gotta play better as a team
because this is pathetic it's I don't
know using my outros are longer usually
I have a lot more to say about the games
but I just there's not much to say we
got to play better enough talking we got
to go out on the court and just put
action we got it we got to play better
not talk better we can't say we're going
to play better we got to actually go out
there and play better like I said it
starts with me I need to play better I
need to step up I need to play better if
we don't make the playoffs oh my god
even know how I sleep at night I don't
even know like I would take all the
blame and I'll feel really really bad I
would be really upset with myself so we
got to win these last five games no
excuses I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
I apologize for another pathetic
performance and we got to clean up our
act you don't do much better starting
with me so I
you guys next week it's going to be a
better game it has to be so thank you
guys so much for watching this video
robot squad I apologize if I'm kind of
in a down mood I really am not happy
after we lose basketball games so I
apologize for my mood right now but
we're so close to two million
subscribers so that always cheers me up
and anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video for loss log to all
you guys I love you guys all and thanks
for stopping by drop a like if you
enjoyed this video I don't know if we
deserve a life for that game but drop a
like if you still feel like it guys
let's also not forget we're missing one
of our best players Chris who I hope is
getting healthy and healthy because
Chris we need you you don't even need to
hear me say it to know that we need you
you've been watching the games and we
miss your presence on the court you used
to coach basketball so you have the
knowledge and you're good so we need you
back out there Chris hopefully we could
get you back soon because we got to win
the rest of our game so Chris we miss
you out there and we need you back
