yo guys Brandon here aka valadis and I'm
about to be bringing you guys some bad
news well I don't know if this is that
for you guys but it's actually bad for
me
so a couple of days ago a lot of you
guys saw the video because I was getting
tons of supportive tweets and I was
getting tons of supportive comments
congratulating me on this so thank you
guys for that anyways in the first place
but I made a video talking about how I
got verified on Instagram and I was so
excited I was so happy if you guys
didn't get a chance to watch the video I
was so happy that I dedicated a whole
video for it Brian was happy for me you
know I was saying it was one of the most
exciting moments of my life
are you ready Brian cuz I'm super
excited it finally happened when I saw
this email I would have been so happy I
was so happy and it has a verified
checkmark it was the best feeling
everyone you get verified like you're
gonna be happy for like two weeks
straight I can't wait to see the Blue
bad but and like I said after that video
I got a ton of support from you guys
congratulating me on getting verified
and just thank you guys for that because
you guys were showing me so much love
saying I deserved it and finally and you
guys were saying that I waited so long
for it and it finally happened so thank
you guys now for those who didn't get a
chance to see the video I got an email
from Instagram verification and they
told me that I qualified for getting
verified and the whole email looked
legit there was a blue checkmark and it
had a little link that said click here
to login so we could proceed and verify
you and so you know Brian's filming me
and he's all excited and he was telling
me that this was one of the happiest
moments of his life it's not a best
feeling everyone you get verified and
I'm sitting there all giddy and my face
is all smiling I'm like okay Brian so
I'm super happy right now so I click the
log in and I put my username and
password and so I press submit and i
refresh the page and I'm not verified
there was no blue checkmark so then
Brian checks on his phone maybe it just
wasn't working for me and Brian checked
it and I still wasn't verified are you
verified how do i branimir hey let me
check on my no no let me check don't
work no you're not verified so you know
the roller-coaster ride that goes up
yeah
that's what happened to you I mean I was
going up I saw that immediately so then
we came to a conclusion that maybe it
just takes some time I had just put in
my username and password so maybe
doesn't work right away maybe we have to
wait till later on or maybe we have to
wait till a few days so not they could
just make it work so that Instagram
could you know review it one more time I
don't know who knows cause like it's
gonna take like a couple hours maybe
think so and so we're waiting and
waiting and I was ecstatic I was so
excited you know I told Jackie stop Adam
my daddy thank you
you know I called my dad I told my mom I
even texted my Barbara I don't happy I
was all super excited I told all my
family members and you know they were
telling you know it'll happen you
submitted your username and password now
just wait a little bit it'll happen and
so I kept getting tweets from you guys
saying that you're refreshing the page
and it's still not verified so then I
checked my email later on that night and
there was another email from Instagram
verification and that email just sounded
really fishy it was asking me to log in
again and it was saying you know thank
you for logging in to get verified and
we just need you to log in one more time
something like that the first email that
they send me looked really legit but
this second email it just it wasn't
right it looked fishy so I called Brian
downstairs and although yo Brian check
this out and he's like I don't know
about that one that one like you know
why are they asking you to log in again
when you already logged in earlier and
it went through you logged in you put
your username and password and it went
through so why are they asking you to
log in again and so I screenshot that
email and I sent it to my manager and I
said yo is this legit and my manager
said no it's not legit and at that
moment in my head I'm like wait what
does he mean it's not legit I already
clicked the logins of the first email
and I already put my username and
password it says please log in to
confirm so I'm going to log in or
they're gold why guys don't look for any
business is good and so I hid my manager
back up and I was like what do you mean
it's not legit I already logged in
because I was so excited the first time
I didn't even text my manager from the
first email saves this real or is this
legit I just put in my username and
password because I was so excited to
finally get verified I was really happy
and Brian goes next to me saying oh my
gosh
you know I'm so happy for you so go do
it do and do it so after I told my
manager I didn't know wasn't legit so I
already submit my username and password
he texted me back right away and he was
like no change your password change
everything he said they're trying to
fish you he said someone had a link made
something like that something really
really fishy and really sketchy and so
you know I changed my password and
everything and so you know I'm feeling
so stupid I felt so dumb and I texted my
manager bad well first of all my manager
then sends me a picture of face sensor
and I'm just like oh tell myself what's
up so I don't know they'll just really
random in a time where he's like yo
you've been finished blah blah blah go
change your password then while I'm
changing my password I got another text
from my manager cuz he also associated
with face planets up and then he sent me
a picture of him and central Universal
Studios and I'm like oh well that's
random tell a sensor I said what's up so
you know I changed my password and
everything and then I get an email later
on in the night and it said that
suspicious activity somebody tried to
log into your account from Europe and
I'm just like wow so I said that's my
manager and he said yes exactly they
tried to fish you they tried to get your
get you to put in your username and
password what you did and thankfully
with suspicious activity so I didn't let
them log in and I changed my password
and I told my manager I was like yo I'm
so dumb I was so excited and so happy
that I finally got this verification
email that I quickly put in my username
and password but he told me he's like
you're not dumb that email looks really
legit he says the person that made that
knew exactly what they were doing it
looked legit it had the blue checkmark
and somehow they made it from Instagram
verification the email they sent me was
from Instagram verification support so
they knew what they were doing they
tricked me they trick Brian and so my
manager is like you know you're lucky
that you change your password really
quickly you're lucky you caught it
because if you did it
you know you would have been done like
you would have been fished hacked and so
he told me to change my passwords on
everything just in case so I had to make
a whole bunch of new accounts I had to
change everything around from all my
social media and all my stuff because
let me just tell you I've been hacked
before and not fun it is not okay it is
not fun and it's very scary because
these hackers they they know what
they're doing and
never want to mess with a hacker because
they're scary yeah I'm not gonna lie and
if you've never been hacked trust me
that's something you don't want to get
into because they're hackers and you
know everything you hear about them is
true they know what they're doing
they're very scary you got to be on
their good side because the last person
you want to be on a bad side with is
with a hacker and that's apparently what
it was somebody tried to hack me and
they did it in the perfect way because
they sent me a fake verification email
from the real Instagram account I don't
know how they did that and they got me
to login but thankfully I changed my
password it sucks
I thought I actually got verified all
you guys thought I really got verified
you guys were congratulating me you were
sending me tweets I was so happy and now
just like oh the roller coaster was
going up up up up and up then I was
waiting to get verified and then BOOM
almost hacked that was a really really
you know a six slide job that's what it
was
so after changing all my accounts around
and changing all my passwords and
everything you know I didn't really get
verified on Instagram and I'm still not
verified on Twitter so I'm still sitting
here stuck on what the hell do I have to
do to get verified still no blue
checkmark I've come to a conclusion I'm
never getting verified I hate to say it
but I really don't think I'm ever going
to get verified so and guys I may sound
very sad and very upset but don't take
this the wrong way there could be much
worse things that happen in life you
know social media isn't the most
important thing being verified isn't the
most important thing so am i upset that
you know I almost got scammed and hacked
and I didn't get very far yeah I'm upset
but it's life things happen I'm thankful
that nothing serious happened but I'm
not going to let this ruin my day I'm
not gonna let it ruin my mood I'm a
positive person stuff like this could
happen to anybody and it just so
happened that this happened to me there
could be much more serious things
happening in the world than someone
getting fake verified it's not the end
of the world we're going to move on you
know there's people dying there's people
sick out there some fake verification
email isn't the end of the world don't
worry about me I'm fine positive vibes
always you got to look at the positive
outlook the positive outlook was not I
was this close to being hacked again but
thankfully we took care of this
thank you that was really scary because
like I said I've been hacked before and
the scary thing is the time I got hacked
I was really close to hitting 1 million
subs and
everything was ruined all my stuff got
deleted and so instead of celebrating 1
million subscribers I hit 1 million
subscribers in a really down mood and
you know all my accounts got hacked into
including my school accounts where they
deleted my essay my finals they deleted
my finals that I had to turn into my
teachers and I ended up failing my
classes so it was a really bad time you
know I couldn't do anything about those
classes it's called it they don't care
you know oh you were hacked you could
retake the final no this is it was
college they they didn't care so I ended
up failing my classes and that was why
when I hit 1 million subs so I was very
upset and now I was almost hacked right
when I'm about to hit 2 million
subscribers so if I didn't hit up my
manager and if I actually fell for the
second email because I'm telling you
these emails looked legit they were from
the actual Instagram support emails I
didn't catch on to base and my manager
didn't reply fast enough who knows what
could have happened so I'm very thankful
yeah it sucks that I didn't get verified
but that's the least of my worries I'm
just happy that nothing more serious
happen hackers they could hack into your
bank account
take it like I said they happen to my
schoolwork so I'm very thankful you know
yeah it sucks I think it verified I
really wanted to be verified but that's
on the bottom of my list that's not the
least of my worries if you've been
hacked before you know it's very scary
and maybe I've never been hacked I would
have been like dinner I wanted to get
verified but since I already have the
experience of being hacked and what
exactly a hacker could do how powerful
they could be I know I'm just thankful
guys you know what the crazy thing is in
that video where me and Brian were like
celebrating my Instagram verification I
was literally joking I was kidding
around and I was like Oh am I even
really getting verified or am i logging
in to get hacked I literally said those
exact words
as a joke I was 100% joking so just the
irony of that like it's insane that I
was just joking around about it and then
obviously that it happened it says
please log in to confirm so when I log
in there's the moment of truth either
I'm going to get hacked or I'm gonna get
verified let's see
either that or I just logged in to get
hack one or the other no one last time
guys no I'm not verified it was all a
fish it was all a scam hopefully one day
I get verified but my votes are all the
way down here I really don't think I'm
ever going to get verified I just don't
know what it's going to take I'm sitting
here nearly 2 million YouTube
subscribers and I'm not verified Twitter
Instagram you
other play with my heart as governor
playing with my emotions I made a whole
video about how happy I was and I texted
all my family members from aunts uncles
cousins mom dad I texted my damn barber
that's how happy I was you know I told
all my boys and it turns out it was a
fish hopefully one day I'll be texting
you with the real news that I got
verified bless you hey it's okay when I
got the email saying somebody tried to
log into your account from Europe oh my
god my heart drops like I said if you've
never been hacked maybe you know oh who
cares just a hacker you know ball-ball
no but me with the experience that I had
and knowing they could get into a bank
account and you know school like just
knowing all this I'm just very thankful
anyways guys I apologize
you guys technically I lied to you guys
I told you guys that I verified I made a
whole video about it but technically
that was a lie so I'm sorry I didn't
mean to lie to you guys I didn't know
that it was fake I didn't know that's
what was going to happen the first email
looked so legit thankfully the second
email was kind of fishy so I could tell
I was I'm so stupid I was so excited and
happy that I was going to get verified
that I quickly went to the login and I
literally typed my username and password
and pretty much sent it away to somebody
in Europe that's how stupid I am I was
so happy and so excited to get verified
that I just went on and no questions
asked
didn't even take my manager just oh you
want my username and password here you
go
sent over to some random guy in Europe
and I thought it was sending over to
Instagram but it's so smart when I
opened that link it led me to Instagram
so I don't know how they do it but they
do it and they're really really smart I
don't know how that stuff works I just
try to stay on their good side almost I
was this close to being phished yeah hey
welcome all the new song I know guys
Jeff is a show this is anything else I
thought you know you know how I saw fede
welcome all the new song because of all
of them guys I love you guys you guys do
everything for me everything they all as
soon as very well tweeted it everyone
started tweeting me guys you do
everything for me I love you so much I
just tweeted randomly but I love you
guys nothing major not to happen but I
just love you guys so I want to show you
guys my appreciation and sadly I did
like you guys I didn't mean to I
apologize hopefully one day I'll be
making a video really getting verified
whether there's a Twitter or Instagram
who knows maybe I don't deserve it
maybe I'm not big enough on social media
that's for them to decide not me so
until then I'll be waiting and waiting
I'm not going to push it if they want to
verify me they can verify me if not then
it won't happen I've given up all hope I
really don't think I'm ever going to be
verified but it's all good we'll keep
pushing guys with the blood squat on my
back
we'll get verified one day thanks to you
guys I know we'll do it one day and when
I get verified it's pretty much like you
guys are all getting verified because
you guys did it for me I didn't verify
myself I didn't make all these fake
accounts and follow me to get verified
you guys all did it for me so the day I
get verified the only people I could
think is you guys so thank you so much
for your support thank you so much for
all the congratulations to my fake
Instagram verification I really
appreciated the support other than that
Brandon is sitting here I got finished
I got scammed I got lied into and
thankfully then take that next step into
something much more serious anyway guys
thank you so much for watching
what are they only playing best for
having sex out there there's a bunch of
kids from my neighborhood playing bats
on all your hears ah like I don't know
what's going on so anyway guys thank you
so much for watching this video we got a
basketball game later tonight and we
need to win we've lost three games in a
row we are in last place in our league
we're last place that's not right come
on
teammate yeah we need to go so hopefully
we win that game I'm gonna do my best to
try to win it that's all I could say
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I appreciate it and before I close
the video I want to give one what you
could get in on this one special
birthday shout out to my future my
future mother-in-law Mary Lou happy
birthday how old is she 21 22 chase em -
anything 23 I thought she was 22 she
looks 22 not 23
you don't look 23 you look 22 yes I'm
happy birthday to you happy birthday
Mary Lou I appreciate you creating such
a beautiful daughter
so happy birthday and Pink's Mary Lou I
know others okey bye guys thank you so
much for watching this video and this
isn't a video I plan on bringing you
guys but it happened whatever happened
happened and I'll bring you guys a
basketball video of our league game
tomorrow so until then but what is I'm
out and I love you guys all there's
going to be people trying to take down
or two mil celebration there's going to
be people trying to kill our mood for
two mil but we're not going to let that
happen and I say our mood because I'm
not the one hitting two mill well
technically I am but you guys are
hitting it with me because if it wasn't
for you guys
there wouldn't be two mill there
wouldn't be two million subscribers so
we're hitting cumulants does not me by
myself it's both of us
so no one's going to be able to take
down our celebration they could try but
not going to be able to take it down so
thank you guys so much for watching and
peace out guys I love you all
thanks a look at my cell phone look what
look at us so bad lo que paso pause so
yeah just ended like that okay but
whatever that means on them and you guys
make everything better I swear on the
days when I feel down or I feel upset
all afternoon scroll through my Twitter
mentions or my comments on my videos and
you guys make my days all those comments
you know that say water to the best
youtuber but once we appreciate your
hard work but once we appreciate your
dedication you know great and we
appreciate you staying up all night
editing your videos all of those
comments you know they make my date to
other youtubers they may just look at
those comments and be like oh who cares
you know random fans but to me I read
those comments and I'm like well these
people really made my day and you guys
really do brightened up my day so I
thank you guys for that and that's one
of the many reasons why I appreciate you
guys so much
but for me I actually look at the tweet
and be like oh Wisconsin he appreciates
my hard work well thank you or oh
describe that he loves my content well
thank you very much so it really I take
it to heart it really means a lot so
thank you guys for that
