explain what's about to go down they're
teaching me how to drink so wait did you
put the salt cilantro so we have some
dawn wait miracle we have Don self Don
who knows we have Jackie teaching my mom
how to take a shot of tequila
my mom is of age he's over 21 Jackie's
not 21 but she's Hispanic so it's all
good okay let's see oh look my yeah all
right so much okay no put some cocaine
you guys we don't do this a lot often
yeah cocaine is only like Jose let's see
who has a cringy your face hey listen
the whole thing yeah oh no where'd you
put the linking oh I'm gonna die pussy
hey hey mom forgot the cocaine guys like
my mom said we don't do cocaine often
but a special occasion like we're about
to barbecue and we're watching the NBA
Playoffs mom no no mom no actually do
you want to take a sweep of the vlog
okay my turn okay fine
mom would so so my mom takes it she
likes my girlfriend Cavin losers but
when it comes to me it's no we don't we
do it behind the scenes yeah you don't
have here okay okay
thousands ready laughing here wait wait
no wait wait Leila wait wait don't do it
from the bottom
oh my god get oh so good okay Roger oh
wait I forgot the salt pepper inside
okay wait okay Ron
that's what fine I'm does that mean
you're mixing okay dead are you trying
to kill us the allotted family exposed
huko that's a good title oh yeah oh my
god yeah okay why would you lose
subscribers were of age we're getting
balls when he's so ashamed of us you
don't want to get in on the fun
no too much tequila for the boss man
he's passed out Bosley too much tequila
okay go to sleep
what is it raining hard no guys as you
could tell this isn't typical San Diego
weather dad oh my god she's trying to
barbecue in the rain oh my gosh dad
wasn't it so hot last week and sunny
guys last week was almost a hundred
degrees we had the a/c on in the house
and now this is the weather
exactly my dad can't cancel plan God's
last week when I was sunny beautiful
weather my dad made a plan he said this
Sunday we're going to barbecue yeah so
Sunday came and you know it's all rainy
and cloudy and a storm and I'm like oh
sorry dad maybe next time he said no
we're still barbecuing stall doing it
he's persistent when he makes a plan
he's going to go through with it I
wanted some you might not look exactly
the same
that's melty yes why would you go
through our team we focus my dad doesn't
have veneers those 100 barbequing in the
rain a Wallace family Edition plus
figueroa soon to be a wadis okay guys my
mom is so worried about what people
think guys mom you're over 21 it's okay
if you think no we don't we don't
usually drink
I'm not going to use with your quorum
answer I'm a daily vlogger if we did do
this everyday you would have seen
everyday mom it's okay you're almost 50
it's okay
sorry sorry I should say you're over 21
it's okay to drink up a rug oh my gosh
guys I tried to tell him this morning
dad it's raining it's okay we can
reschedule the barbecue nobody's going
to be mad he said no once I said
something we have to do it
what a good dad what a great guy rod
what a good guy you want me to help my
dad wants me to help oh wait I don't see
dad can I wait this slippers all right
here guys dad what did you do with my
ovo slippers cell phone buzzes you
stepped in bubbly shit wait of all
slippers to step in bubbly shit it had
to be the Oviedo ones dad I want to put
the food on the campus I want to grill
the whole thing dad loudly you woke up
from all those tequila shots okay my
what nah nah what Brian I'm not going to
touch him he but I'll watch you play
with him oh my god I love him so much
why can't I touch him touch him no I
can't
Yammy Yammy must get to pick him up
stuff yeah isn't he scared by it Brian
oh no when he's hired he hates when he
gets picked up look that's my friend
Dani oh he ran back down God so there's
what I made up for hammy this is his
house but this is his room so he always
fades into bright I put more popcorn in
the time to clean his cage today you
said that yesterday I'll clean it today
okay but can you add more popcorn yeah
I'm gonna add a lot okay
popcorn she loves the ball daddy hammy
who's a good boy hear me lucky me me
come out attack brand come here hammy
come here community communities Bosley's
out mom I think the shots coming in
strong for you
friendo Bartlett okay wait before we
start the shot why is that hard
okay we're going to find the kids Oh
does it hurt it's gonna get drilled on
the grill anyway so might as well wait
guys wait you're not getting a chaser
okay he wants to push around a nap my
dad called me a pussy I am what I eat
anyway where's my soul look I put those
on the line we put salt on the line okay
hey guys let me show you how this we
take the shot so first there's how you
know my spinning you take ready what
yeah uh-huh well there is a mom and
wives like marriage to see their kids
and I said I'm um in front of the video
book languages the camera so long oh you
know how does anyone do what suppose
where's the other shot okay Dada
hey let me hey me for so long so long oh
oh oh God you know what's too drunk to
do that the three men hey my dad said I
can cook the bean anyway in Kristin
Bosley yeah follow us please my dad
promised me I could cook the food and he
already could look on my reading my ovo
slippers that's why we bring up late
supposed to be latina but not look very
oh god oh oh oh wait come under our
umbrella yeah Oh
he doesn't have my dad yeah oh my babe
babe season it like you do at Korean
barbecue that I need to be under the
umbrella ella ella hey hey my mom knows
that I can't put them on my wall yeah
they're all the way in here when you
move ah ah I'm called me to go barbecue
or hey wait man in Vernon Sylvan Lily's
15 seconds this is because the jig is
all the way in the back about to go over
to flip it yeah we don't need to flip it
doing stuff yeah oh hey I'm human I'm
not immune to fires that I don't know if
it's winter time babe okay I think God
there we go
run over Joe take over please whoo
you guys can hire me as a personal chef
guys I'm like Richard Sherman playing a
game in Seattle the smoke they can't do
you guys go to everybody that's probably
normal where they live where you go and
blow the smoke but over here in San
Diego it's so rare we're freaking out
over going and the the fog comes out the
smoke Danny who's a good boy who's a
good boy honey come here handy come come
here hammy come here Brian does hammy
have a brain like that he listen oh no
Brian is coming out here me I'm not I
love him
oh no he's going up to his room
handy
wait guys so a lot of people actually
mistake me for being Hispanic for
everybody who mistakes me for being
Hispanic all those theories can be
washed away because of the faces I made
when I was drinking the tequila
yeah wait you guys I was telling I'm
rawness and I can never take bread - um
I would say I can't thank you - family
party - because he literally he
literally goes okay fine like you're
having a heart attack
what am I to do tequila tastes gross I
can't it's not water I can't just now I
know but you don't even pretend like
it's good he'll be like go to one of
Jackie's family parties until I could
down a shot of tequila go like this yeah
you know have to me all my guy cousins
like that's the initiation of how you
get yeah that's the initiation of
getting into Jackie's family is it
really everyone everybody sheesh him
he's asleep no lights no sound so I hope
you're enjoying this vlog so far showing
you a typical a wallet family barbecue
mom one last time if you want to tell
them we don't do we don't bring out the
hookah often we don't bring out the
alcohol often but we decided to do a
barbecue what do we do this like two
three times a year
elevating my culture is our we're
celebrating a lace can go to my Oh
hahaha no we do it once for the
Superbowl we only do this like two three
times a year before everybody goes crazy
you know olya Waters family smokes a lot
of family drinks you know volleyball
it's not like that we do this once in a
while we're human too
we're normal we like to have fun just
like all other families do and I don't
think it's harmful or I don't think
you're hurt anybody do it - a couple of
times a year once every like three four
months typing there's nothing wrong
thing you look for is like a Sunday my
dad's day oh yeah we barbecue we have a
couple dreams just like other human
families do this a couple of times a
year were human soon fucking robots
we're human too just as we're youtubers
if we bring out a hookah or we bring out
a bottle of alcohol it doesn't make us
oh my god you just rebranding the water
Tim Brian water ball ball ball guys
we're regular family we have fun
like everybody else and now it's time to
eat drop a like if you want to come over
and drink some alcohol with us drop a
like if you want to come over and have
some barbecue with us drop a like if you
want to open the door for balls because
he's been begging to get out cuz he
smells the food go buzz Li drop a like
if you want to cook for Papa rug in the
rain drop a like if you want to take a
shot with Mama rug drop a like if you
want to snort some coke with Jackie okay
know that what salt it wasn't cocaine
because a lot of people like to take
everything literal okay dad what do we
have here C kill'uh
salsa americano mm-hmm asado
yeah comrade asada mm-hmm lettuce asada
and calmness rfps Montreux uh-huh the
Savoy the better okay how did he do
great him on a Spanish not a chance what
antenna how do you say it
Savoy the visit onion how does my dad
note so much Spanish dad I took three
years of Spanish in high school I don't
know one word tell us the sentence come
up anything
yeah my favorite cousin pinche puto
pendejo no okay so I like I'm hungry and
I'm sorry I'm hello uh yo comida
yeah that means I all right that means I
want food megusta comida for Kivar
easties tennis hey yo with real comida -
all this my favorite one which one oh me
Tito oh no I don't want
fuck you oh yeah more for Jackie me
Papa's Fritos for my dad always okay
gotta realize don't use money what are
we waiting for now okay okay babe
service let Brandon serve here Oh at
Benihana
hey what else normally I should say I
have a beautiful girlfriend uh yo tengo
muy bonito Munchausen thing I know you
morning Isaac okay go muy bonito novia
okay kind of inside and out of ten yes
me and more X muy bonito beyond it bunny
- bunny - bunny - bunny
me pinch Urbandale oh no I have a
rendezvous yeah I mean we have mucho
ever
yeah yeah oh you have one day whether
lucky are you that's how I feel right
now
okay everybody review time how was the
food ten out of ten better than Ron
spanish-speaking yeah
how about better than my finish speaking
dad the food was muy bueno de nada mom
how's the food it's good 100 out of ten
Bosley how was the food father give me
five if the food was good dad look
father give me five of the food was good
give me five Oh give him five all the
schools give me five you like it oh
you've got a hater dad so we watched
LeBron take down Toronto earlier
LeBron undefeated in the playoffs he's
playing great putting up crazy numbers
so far now we're seeing Washington in
Boston there's gonna be a close game
guys what's the hell we got the score
dad did you not hear me vlog but
literally in two minutes ago I said
there's a good game it's a close game
Washington just went on a 2600 run oh my
god got less than a minute I went up to
the TV I said oh there's gonna be a
close game a good game one minute later
we look up it's a 20-point game Wow
basketball can change just like that
that's crazy Washington 2600 run Brian
I say the food was good got my dad's
here so thin dad why don't you ever do
it like a state or like a lineup or
anything I'm gonna do a Michelin my dad
here has been the same style ever since
I was born dad I want to see maybe like
a skin tapers maybe a medium fade around
the sides and back in two months when I
do my notice and in one week like you
have really you know yeah that Oh dad I
have a haircut tomorrow morning actually
yeah yeah yeah cuz I'm scared of you
that's why I used to tell my dad that
I'll get haircuts every week then he
started wanted to kill me he hated me
wanted to disown me as a son so now I
just go in secret I have a haircut
tomorrow shoutout to papa rug for the
BBQ shout out to my mom let's not forget
my mom made the salad the salsa and the
rice phone she made the salsa hand from
scratch yeah she made one mild and one
spicy because she knows her two sons are
little babies so they don't eat the
spicy one ma did she call me a pussy
guys in one video I've been called a
pussy by my mom and dad what's that mom
I'm moving out I swear I'm moving out
yeah yeah see she said it is what you
eat dad I think my mom secretly took
more shots because she just said you're
a pussy you are what you eat your life
count 105 yeah why what does it say
womp it's almost at 1.9 mill yeah thank
you
oh the joystick here oh yes you ever
think you know something when you're
looking at me bro what did you think I
was gonna kiss you
yeah wait I want to play the joystick ok
let's enter the game I to Super Mario
and no one kisses Mario jumps ma ah ok
Mario :
right don't let him right Mario I'm
going fallin oh my god you're not it
like your skin please just look at this
guy's Bosley just standing at Ron papa
rugs smoking hookah ok another gets
don't another kiss yeah ooh those last
shades look down oh my goodness
what are those Ardell no I never
something like that I said they look
good that the barbecue was good and a
success thank you
we get your here let's see the shadow oh
my gosh the shadow guys we got the
freaking shadow so funny drop a like if
you want to come through to Papa Roach
barbecue next time I enjoyed it it was a
good time nothing better than spending
time with the family the girlfriend the
brother wherever the hell Brian went I
think I'm taking a nap too much tequila
for a little regret yeah
no I'm just joking but I think he really
is taking a nap if we go stairs in the
bed definitely not gonna be a nap I
don't take naps how you feel how you
feel how you feel
did you secretly take some shots because
this is not Mama Rose
I'm joking mom I want you to say I'll
take naps
who I don't need man enough
not you I hope you're not coming look
look a fresh relationship within two
years of each other you want to go to
bed don't go dear let's go to bed and
can you please don't follow me I'm mom I
think you're the drunk one not dad I
don't think it's dead pull the joystick
I like playing video games with the
joystick damn so quick to the bed didn't
you hear me I said I'll take naps do you
know what that's from from what why are
you leaving the camera guys cuz I'm
making a tape I swear I kissed it
yes thank you guys I make Jackie beat me
in blackjack before she gives me your
kids play so you have to shuffle we
gotta show up with a cards okay shuffle
shuffle shuffle one more and I'm always
the dealer because I have better odds so
I never have to give the kiss now you
just have to be me first hand not the
boss you okay you want to cut yeah okay
this is for something ever unless you
cut it we're sure this tequila does
usually the dealer cut but today is the
guest cut don't cut the card just cut it
okay right there cut the dick top car to
the side okay if you beat me you get a
kiss your card oh my Tanna yours
18:10 so that's 18 and mine hold on
we'll show them my second card is 800
for 14 I got a hit but we'll show them I
won't even look at it
Oh fifteen I gotta hit one more one more
for kids for kids ah what is it
2:17 no you win how much did you have on
that hand 25 okay now you're going to
know if you want sexy times when you're
gonna have to be me this hand that was
just for the kids you should want to if
you want me to take my shorts off you're
gonna have to win this
oh okay for Jackie oh 10 for the viewer
which is me and then oh no 10 for Jackie
and they're early
okay another four did you rig this hug
you cut this dick come on Brandon seven
seven seven
no I busted Santa exactly okay well that
means the day comes to be put away for
the camera but the camera away close the
window come on July you have to close
the border look at my guys hey you have
to be nicer bye guys
I really hope I at all and I love him I
hope you enjoyed today's video please be
sure to drop a like if you want to come
to one of our baby your nails are so
short please be sure to drop a like if
you enjoyed this video also if you want
to come to one of our family barbecues
drop a like shot the last you should
have one with all the subscribers two
million people shows to the house would
become like an ant farm there was like
an ant farm Hey like Jackie showed in
the live sub count we're so close to 2
million subscribers once again for my
mom's sake mom I got you don't worry
guys we don't do this often we don't
bring up the hookah everyday we don't
bring out the alcohol every single day
we're regular family like I said so just
like other families like to have fun and
you know they have their own form of fun
some people like to go out some people
like to stay in our form of fun it's
every once in a while you know have some
drinks smoke a little bit of hookah and
just hang out with the family that's our
version of fun or human just cuz we're
you tubers doesn't mean we're not human
and we have to live this perfect life
we're not like that we're a regular
family and that's the only reason I put
it on camera that's why I show it to you
guys because I don't want you to think
we're some perfect family that doesn't
do anything wrong and you know we don't
mess up with anything no I put
everything out there on camera so you
guys can see we're normal just like you
we're a normal family and not on just
like you is that yours
in yes we're normal we're not special
enough freakin famous celebrities we're
normal people that's how we want to be
that's what we are and to close this
video out oh it's going down okay wait
what did my mom say I'm a what your app
because I am what I eat mainly haha bye
guys thank you so much for watching it
with so close to 2 million subscribers
drop a like and I love you guys all
peace this is the face I make when I
know what's about to happen
this is my face Lelaina so this is my
face and their Jackie face and this is
our face together when we both know
what's about to happen wait 2 min to it
ok you know maybe other things get
yourself somebody who makes you happy
makes me happy
well I mean do I think you happy I was
talking about Devin Booker but I'm just
joking I'm just joking I'm talking about
you wait I forgot to say something
before closing the video out the
eyelashes are on fleek not too much
highlight today but it still looks nice
I think your makeup looks nice today
well I know you already telling me your
makeup look bad but I think now the
lashes are on point the lips are nice
and juicy you didn't even do anything to
the lips the contour is nice honestly I
really don't know what contour means but
I know that if I say that it's a
compliment so the contour looks nice the
joystick looks new not used anymore
no but I really like the lashes mom are
you gonna hold the hookah you can just
leave it on the table and look at the
camera no but just hold it next to you
know hold it this way
yeah because I need it higher yeah but
anything helps in today's world Hey okay
just put it down what Dad I think this
is good no no no wrong way ahaha no no
warm words for us please
but come on over your mouth right is oh
fuck it looks like worse thumbnail at
like
