hammy hammy you're so cute guys I love
hammy just because I don't touch him
doesn't mean I don't love him I hate
putting my fingers here because there's
hold and I feel like he's going to bite
them through the whole look I love him
he's a good kid he just bites so I can't
touch him
hammy okay Brian needs to put more
popcorn in here because look he's
running out the area he's sleeping it
has no popcorn
good morning hammy how are you no don't
don't no no no no no no no don't put
your head up go back in No hammy No
hammy inside the popcorn good boy
see you guys he's a really good kid
respectful mature listens he just bites
like crazy so I choose not to touch him
but I do love him don't get me wrong
every time I come home the first thing I
do I check on hammy and Bosley and I was
so happy when buying got him to play for
him because now he could live a happier
life and maybe bite less God yesterday
when I came home from dinner with Jackie
we saw him running not in the wheel he
was running on top of the wheel I don't
know how he got there I think he went up
here and then he jumped on top of the
wheel but he was stuck he couldn't get
down so Jackie had to bring him back
down guys what the fuck is he doing he's
running on top of the wheel hammy
no how are you gonna how's he gonna get
off guys hammy is stuff big baby stuff
can't get down
so moving us to get him down base
careful he's gonna buy it careful he's
gonna bite okay guys something really
scary actually happened to Brian last
night I wanted to explain it for the
vlog Brian fellows so crazy guys he just
showed me this morning and I honestly
don't know what I would do if I was the
one in his or Anthony spa Brian I was
trying to find someone to edit this
video for me because I didn't want to
relax but it was this does on YouTube
I'm not watching the video that's crazy
rhinos here so it's scary to me watching
her but imagine like being there and
then watching it it wasn't anything like
compared to the footage I had to say to
somebody I'm like try to put yourself in
our shoes yeah he almost died guys the
full videos going to be up on Brian's
channel but here's just a clip
we got that so I was going we were in
the middle of that guys let me just say
I've been in the tunnel before and I
haven't even been out deep as they went
I've only been like barely inside the
tunnel and it's that happened to me
Brian I would like I would be dead right
now I don't know how Anthony tested like
legs yeah cuz they have an extender so
he would save all my pencil leg yes Wow
none of us all like nothing over for
sure that night he said if one of us
fell or shout goes out to him yeah
itself we would have gotten out of the
water the pressure is also here oh my
god and like like the tunnel it was
Brian you've said that million times
this what if I I almost actually died
but my mind was always going to be there
kill yet I know there's number like that
but fucking the Titanic in the sewer gun
I've been to the tunnel one time I'm
sure you haven't seen the video when me
and Bryan feels when he was a little
girl scream so we ran out they were deep
inside the tunnel it's that you can
happen to me when I was in a little bit
I'm so glad you weren't there wow that's
crazy so we're lucky to even be seeing
Bryan right here Oh hold on because the
title of this video is it finally
happened so guys don't don't think guys
or you don't think we're asking you to
say title of your video when I do die so
but can I make a video when you die
yeah I'm sure my mom make it don't
monetize oh I can't monetize it no
motherfucker yeah my dad I would pay for
your funeral though I'm just joking okay
god no but the title of this video it
finally happened I'm not referring to
Bryan almost dying but that it finally
happened part is going to come later in
this video just wait for it wait I just
thought about that because we're talking
about you almost dying in the title it
finally happened people are going to
comment what the hell you want them to
die no but Bryan oh and next time guys
I'm out eating dinner with Jackie we had
finished going to the mall and you know
I checked Twitter and Brian tweeted like
I almost died I'm so thankful to be
alive
so I fucking checked Brian on my Brian I
just started tweet what the hell
happened
and he reply and he was like he was like
to scare your shit ever and I was like
but like what
you have to wait for the video right he
didn't fucking reply I was like what's
up has been hex like often people saying
why I'm laughing I couldn't explain it
I'm your brother just probably waiting
for you to get home I really did get out
okay and your video guys oh my god I'm
sitting there I say fine once he replied
the first time then I'm sitting there
wondering okay what the hell happened
Brian just tweeted that he almost died I
get no reply I was so scared what
happened to Brian coming you want to see
the hamster come on we'll put the
hamster come God oh my gosh Bosley
literally tried to kill the him to go he
struck out the hamster yesterday come on
let's go yeah you want to see hammy he's
my friend though so don't bite him and
don't strike at him Basel he got scared
coming oh my god he just skipped the
step no hammy is here Bosley he's in the
cage oh I want to put him in the ball
hold on guys let's go get the ball okay
guys hold on Bosley wear jammies ball
where's the ball do you know where
hammies ball is oh look Bosley are you
waiting for me to put hammy inside the
ball yeah because you're going to be bad
I know you guys leave the ball it's here
Bosley we gotta pop around here about to
record this massacre that I've never put
him in the ball by myself you know on
underlip yeah I'll dry hey Danny that I
like and I'm just scared of him okay so
first we have to make sure you don't
escape and then in the ball handy in the
ball come on don't make this difficult
co-op no no kami cooperate the bull
there you go there we go don't poke your
head out just guys I hate putting my
hand on the hole because you can bite
through the hole just play like a normal
pet oh good you know how sometimes
families have two pads and they get
along with each other
Bosley literally doesn't like candy
Bosley look at him II gummy come here
No oh my god he almost sat on him god I
don't even think Bosley knows he's in
there he just thinks it's a regular ball
look he's looking for more popcorn oh
yeah guys and it finally happened I
wasn't referring to me is putting hammy
in the ball either imagine there's a
lotta it finally happened in this video
guys
Brian literally had the nerve to say
when I texted him well you got to watch
the video to find out when you're
petting it and carefully answers that
strike Brian you literally told me he
bit you so many times have a not
striking like I do this I know no Kudo
please buy it so I can watch what is you
tired guys five to clean his cage today
I'm Jeremy two independent he's
literally here look let's say you even
strike like go close like this oh my
gosh I'm not going to do it guys I
imagine hamsters have no Nick so
literally even if you're behind them
o'clock like that like when Jackie walks
past me there's how fast I'm the kind of
book that I tell hamster that fast
okay Brian should we finally on veal
what I'm talking about for it finally
happened
are you ready Brian because I'm super
excited why don't you follow me upstairs
I like your apparel by the way thank you
I like the maroon the maroon 5 I'm at a
payphone whatever the fuck of song goes
call it away from fucking you hey God no
but I'll talk about it finally happy
this is what I am talking about and a
long time waiting what you're gonna do
right now yeah it's been a long time
coming been a long time waiting it's
been a while when I saw this email I
would have been so happy I was so happy
well first I still kind of think it's
fake I don't know no I still remember
when it happened to me I was gonna cry
okay guys so I opened my email I've
scrolled down a little bit
oh my god it's from Instagram very fit
and it says hi bro audits
congratulations we have and you have
qualified to become a verified user and
it has the verify
check mark then it said if you want to
supersede to verify your account please
log in to confirm so I'm not allowed by
you're going to be verified first off
I'm just wondering why you haven't been
verified nearly six hundred thousand
followers later and they finally said we
have reviewed your account and qualified
they bought the best feeling ever when
you get verified like you're going to be
happy for like two weeks straight I
can't wait to see the blue badge but it
says please login to confirm so when I
login there's a moment of truth either
I'm going to get hacked I'm gonna get
verified let's see so I'm going to login
or you're by God I show them like you
type in your password also the username
just impossible you got it okay right
you think I know my fucking password
hold on don't look buy any damage order
to cook Brian please let it work we
thought it'd be very mighty
Brian if I get the FI are you gonna
fight or you verified how do i sprain a
bit hey let me check on my go to let me
check don't look five hundred eighty
eight thousand followers later right
please hold on please
hopefully Brandon it's freakin verified
please no you're not verified what
happened well ah no wait go back to your
email go back maybe I'll refresh now I'm
refreshing right here check gone mine
see out supposed to look on the theme
mmm that's what it's supposed to show
okay Brian
maybe like now he goes I really thought
they were gonna verify me what I have a
picked this fucking picture up there
look how ugly I really thought you're
going to bury go check your email again
maybe they sent you something we maybe
it'll refresh later today okay well we
thought it was gonna do it right away
oh yeah roller coaster line that goes up
yeah
draws that's what happened to you I mean
I was going up I saw that immediately
the power of rugs refreshing oh wait
what I feel like not like it's gonna
take like a couple hours maybe you think
so
either that are just small going to get
hacked one or the other no well in other
words if you do want to phone me on
Instagram and you have already saw me
Instagram is little waters except I
barely post which I want to pose I
suppose pictures like this so be weird
like why would I post this no this one
right I think the only bad one was
good which one do you I don't like that
oh really but I don't like this one
they're going so ugly so close to the
face 56,000 people like it though
okay refresh again just come on come on
Instagram oh I want to see it I want to
see it you know right when you texted me
that email I click quickly went on
Instagram to see if you're very right
guys that's weird
wait this is so weird okay so I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little bummed out right
now but like Brian said maybe don't take
a couple hours maybe it'll happen later
who knows so if you wanna see when I get
verified and you want to shoot me a fall
on Instagram I'll appreciate it
obviously a lot of people already have
five hundred eighty-eight thousand four
words I appreciate all you guys because
for them for you guys follow me on
Instagram I would have never got well I
didn't get verified but I would have
never got the tease of getting verified
wait this was such a big tease I know
this was a bad seed I'm gonna get blue
balls for sure that's weird
Brian I'm gonna check yeah try check
settings don't even get me started on
Twitter Twitter's playing games Twitter
Harder's Brian weather it is so hard to
get verified guys I've tried to apply
for Twitter verification so many times
because a lot of people tweet to me
saying you can't just get verified you
have to apply I know I applied a bunch
of times and I keep getting denied I
don't know what more I have to do nearly
2 million YouTube subscribers and I just
can't get verified oh I have over
200,000 Twitter followers and it just
won't Twitter you play too many games I
don't know Twitter verification is
probably never going to happen but
Instagram I thought we had it why is it
let me read the email oh wait the game
zone guys the raptures and calves game
is on wait look do people now believe me
that LeBron James does not try and the
regular season oh my gosh I always
laughed when you know the Cavs are
struggling in the regular season and
LeBron is de having his good games and
everyone's like oh my god did LeBron
slow down is LeBron getting old no he
doesn't try in the regular season I'm
sure you guys are seeing the performance
he's putting on in the playoffs he's
going nuts he's going crazy he's
undefeated legendary performances this
just shows LeBron James is not trying
the regular season in the
said login so we could proceed to verify
your account so I get I did get verified
but they they needed me to login so they
could proceed with the process I'm not
sure what this process is like I said
probably to get me hacked but that wait
what is your video today yeah yeah
hopefully guys like I said saying by
tomorrow you'll have it you think so
okay guys so like I said as of right now
the verification mark isn't there so if
you guys want to be one of the first
people to see that I do did get verified
please be sure to drop a follow on
Instagram and I don't know refresh the
page maybe it'll work when you guys do
it but for whatever reason it's not
popping up now like Brian said it's
probably just going to take some time so
while we wait for that I'm just gonna
watch some playoff basketball
and I'm gonna appreciate greatness
because that's what a lot of people
don't do enough they hate on LeBron they
hate on LeBron
I appreciate greatness I'm not even a
Cavs fan I'm a sons fan but when you're
watching what LeBron James does people
who hate on him are they just sound so
mmm it's so dumb bro just appreciate
greatness just like I appreciate Steph
Curry great shooting just like I
appreciate Kawhi Leonard's great defense
I appreciate a lot of greatness around
the league
you got to appreciate LeBrons greatness
he's great I always tell people he
doesn't try in the regular season and
nobody believes me and then when the
playoffs start and LeBron goes crazy I
don't know what he's averaging Oh
LeBron just threw down what a surprise I
don't know what LeBrons averaging I
think he's averaging like 30 he's
averaging almost a triple-double
averaging over 30 points a game the man
is 32 years old so what he's doing is
just it's crazy
well Kawhi doing is crazy well Russell
Westbrook did in the regular season was
historic I appreciated that
well Harden did in the regular season
it's crazy I appreciate that but they
don't get as much hate as LeBron James
so you people who hate on LeBron just
need to sit back down cool down we might
never ever ever see a talent like LeBron
ever again so instead of hating on the
man just appreciate it you don't have to
be a Cavs fan or LeBron fan to
appreciate him I'm a son Stan and I
appreciate greatness so you guys could
do it too yeah he's just opj former
Phoenix son PJ I miss you on the sides
I'm just going to spend the rest of my
Sunday lazy Sunday just watching a bunch
of basketball I don't even think I'm
going to go to the gym I think I'm just
going to spend it actually Who am I
kidding I am gonna go to the gym later
today after the playoff games probably
play some basketball
oh my gosh look who's right there Drizzy
Bryant Drake's at the game tomorrow okay
speaking of appreciating greatness demar
derozan mid-range game is great he is a
great mid-range player one of the best
in the league
not so great head coach Dwayne Casey
please do more I took you on FanDuel
please this is the stress of when you
take people in fantasy basketball though
Brian
DeRozan missed a free throw and I had
him in FanDuel no guys this is a stress
of playing daily fantasy basketball you
you literally over exaggerate over one
single play come on tomorrow I need this
me and Brian play against each other I
need this I need this there we go
attaboy good boy good boy hammy
chalo this might be his last game in
Toronto who knows he's a free agent we
don't know if he's leaving or not if he
ends up leaving Toronto and he ends his
last game as a raptor injured anyway
guys thank you so much for watching this
video I'm kinda upset not at the fact
that the verification isn't there on my
phone right now I'm upset because this
whole video I was waiting and waiting
and waiting just to end it with me
showing you guys that I got verified and
it didn't happen but I need to end the
video right now because I need to start
editing render and uploading it so I
don't know that was just weird but I
reread the email and it said to log in
so we could proceed so technically I did
get verified they're working on it but I
don't know how long it's going to take
so Instagram thank you so much and you
guys thank you so much all five hundred
and eighty eight thousand followers on
Instagram all you got to click that
follow Blaine if it wasn't for you I
would have never got the email for the
verification so thank you guys so much
and Twitter Twitter you're playing games
I've seen people verified it with like
1000 2000 even ten thousand four words
I'm at two hundred and ten thousand
followers what is it going to take to
get verified on Twitter now but it also
since I've heard Twitter verification is
really really hard and I just accepted
never going to get verified on Twitter
I've done so many applications and they
just keep getting denied I don't know
what more to do I guess I'm just going
to keep trying
Twitter wake up please but for now I'll
take Instagram I'm not greedy I don't
need both I'll take Instagram happily
and I'm really really happy again for
those people who don't follow me on
Instagram and you want to drop a fallout
appreciate that it's just rewarded it's
easy my youtube name anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it as much as I'm
going to be enjoying the playoff games
for the rest of the day and but what
slugs were so close to 2 million
subscribers so close anyways I love you
guys all and thank you so much for
watching this video
peace guys oh and one last thing I
forgot to mention cuz last time I wore
this jacket in a video I got a bunch of
comments saying where'd you get that
jacket it looks dope first of all thank
you so much for that and second it's not
from a store Jackie my girlfriend
actually customized it for me
she surprised me with it like last month
I don't know which ones I'll try to ask
her what website but she went on there
and she customized if you can't read it
it says future and Drake and it has a
little uneven note that says that the
jacket looks dope or the hoodie so for
those wondering yet she just customized
and surprisingly so babe thank you so
much for it and for everybody wondering
that's where it's from oh and I
apologize about my hair haven't got a
haircut in six days sorry for looking so
dirty on camera but I have a haircut
appointment tonight
oh no tomorrow morning not tonight I
wish it was tonight but it's tomorrow
morning anyways guys I love you guys all
