I locked myself out of my home like how
dumb can I be Brandon open away Brandon
is outside his room wait Dennis let me
come in I don't have a home tonight my
spare key which was in Dennis's room we
can't find it so we're calling like 24/7
I don't know what it is but hopefully we
can get into my rules it's 220 in the
morning it is not 220 p.m. it's freaking
220 in the morning like Brandon how dumb
could you be I just literally walked out
of my house and I'm like so then I came
to Dennis's cuz we keep a spare key near
where'd it go bro we can't find the
spare key anywhere we've literally
flipped the house upside down and we
can't find the key anywhere but we want
my key possibly be already
first of all like who leaves the house
without their home keys I don't even
know at this point I'm trying to sleep
it's almost 3:00 in the morning I feel
bad for Dennis I woke him up at least AB
nice at least they have nice music when
you're put on hold I don't understand
it's like a ghost took the key that was
in Dennis's room we literally like we
never misplace it it's always in the
same spot and now that we need it it's
not here and I would just sleep in
Dennis's room and just call it a night
but my laptop is in that room and I need
to edit my video for tomorrow like I
already missed the upload today and I
feel bad enough about that so there's no
way I can miss two uploads in a row so I
need to have my laptop there's I can't
miss two straight uploads for you guys
that's just that's not me that's not
right and I'll feel way too bad we are
now calling 24 hour locksmith service so
I locked myself out of my apartment so I
was wondering if there's anything you
guys could do about that okay thank you
so much okay thank you
okay when someone says thank you you
don't say you're welcome mom thank you
for raising me well now we wait and you
think the locksmith is going to be nice
imagine is Devin Booker he shows up I
need to get my laptop to edit tomorrow's
video for you guys I can't miss two
straight days of upload like I wouldn't
feel right doing that to you guys I
swear I swear to you that's the only
reason I call the locksmith right now I
would have waited till the morning but
I'm telling you I can't no I love you
guys too much I need to put a video out
tomorrow I need to edit it do you want
to kill me Dennis what if I told you I
love you
oh and would you kill me if I had to
sleep here for the night if the
locksmith wasn't available while we wait
on the junior locksmith to show up ah
get it junior locksmith JR Smith oh ok
sorry guys she's my friend you'd
understand good jokes wouldn't use them
in case you have not heard me
yeah huh me daddies and all my boys are
doing the first-ever Bravada store I've
never been on tour I've never done
anything like this so I'm freaking
excited I'm hot ever since I started
YouTube I always talking about how I
want to meet every single one of you
guys and of course at the end of every
single show there's going to be a big
meet-and-greet and like first ever go
out and I'm all you guys to be a part of
it branding which cities are you going
to it is up to you no really it is up to
you guys I do not determine the cities
and it's not to me I don't choose you
guys have to vote click the link in the
description down below and vote your
city and the people in charge of the
tour will pick the highest voted cities
so please do that for your city if you
comment on this video or if you tweet to
me it does not count as a vote so don't
comment the city on this video don't
tweet me in the city that doesn't count
please click the link in the description
vote your city and get the wallets and
all the boys and who knows maybe in
every city I'll try to move in a special
guest but get me to your guys in City I
can't wait I'm excited I'm I'm more
excited for this tour than I am for the
locksmith show up and open the door yet
I can't wait to do this tour and meet
every single one of you guys you you the
locksmith is probably gonna show up and
be like really bro you launch yourself
out of your house and you could have
find the freaking spare key in your boys
home
also to say hey I'll to go and that'll
be Arjun 200 bucks for those who don't
know me I wake up every morning around
7:00 a.m. to edit my videos it's already
3:00 in the morning right now hey how
are they gonna believe that I live there
like aren't they gonna ask for proof
like my ID or something what my ID is
locked in the room how are they gonna
know that I actually lived there what do
they think I'm trying to break into
someone's home someone's calling dude
this is food is it the locksmith okay
thank you
well I gotta go down and get the
locksmith hopefully it's either a hot
girl or oh wait it's not did that was
that a guy talking Denis okay well it's
not gonna be a hot girl at this point
but uh hey imagine if this works they
open the door for me without asking for
ID then we can easily break into
people's homes bro because then we could
just call the locksmith and be like bub
all guys please look at Dennis's
slippers you look like my grandma right
now this looks like my grandma like a
hot grandma Dennis yeah it's like we're
playing hide and seek no no way he's at
but he says he's up here hey I know this
isn't the time and he's waiting for us
but
he said he's up here but we can't find
him at all
so we are locked out of this one right
here it feels so good why do you look
forced to be here why can't you just
look here like you're happy to hang out
with me I said can you please come in so
we can hang out for two minutes yes I
did no I said let's hang out for a bit
okay so can we ain't gotta just for like
two minutes bow before we go to sleep
yeah it's ready to go okay what do you
want to do like watch TV play game board
video games what do you want just leave
this thing out go let's have some fun
hey you sleep in here tonight Mia will
have a sleepover Dennis I swear what no
Dennis okay so you come you steal my
candy and then you leave why was this
lock so you don't leave hey would you
rather have the easies or those huh
Dennis thinks he's safe for the night
Oh nope I like myself out again oh my
god just joking I got my keys right here
but Dennis thinks he's safe from me I
did crack a joke
cuz I'm trying to hang out longboard
wait what do you got you have a xbox
let's play 2k it's 3:30
you had to be up like three hours to
edit four hours let's have a head
hitting competition on the exit sign
whoever can hit it harder whoever can
knock it down with their head hideously
yeah if you hit your head on next time
one time for this video I will go home
go to sleep and I won't see you for one
week you're probably gonna break the
eggs or sign at this point make it you
don't see me for a year and you'll take
down the whole building with the eggs
so if you hit the exit sign I go in my
room and I don't hang out tonight right
what if you tried it and you miss and
that means then that means you have to
sleep in my room no I'm not sitting
you're Dennis your bogus bro I thought
you were my friend no way all the way
from here oh wait you've tried it a
hundred times and you never hit out you
did today
that's how bad you don't want to hang
out with me bro you know what hold the
camera
hold up camera watch this you think you
know me not sure why you're gonna wake
up shy come with you go
please ma'am are you cooking you mind go
in your apartment alone
bori make you smart on the devil cameras
off going the robot my head is a heavier
on the left you can like it's not just
explain how badly Dennis does not want
to hang out me and how much he hates me
he has tried to his head on the X I'm
every day he never hits it today what I
say if you hit on the sign you don't
think help me he damn near takes the
whole believe he takes the whole
building down with his head hey so we're
gonna play basketball tomorrow morning
right after I finished my video mm-hmm
okay so I'll see you in literally like
freaking out of no sleeping bag in here
why are you gonna take my bag oh I sleep
where my bag goes so if my backs I take
your bags you know you shoot damn den if
you get a couple of Instagram followers
and now what sandals know what you do in
the hotel you forget stole everything
no did you take the bet do you finally
on the bed you stole the hotel bit okay
Dennis I'm out bro goodnight thank you
for what I can't really take the sandals
Dennis the cameras too long just so you
guys know no just let you guys know
Dennis freakin didn't really give me
take them dumbass yes okay anyways that
is to keep the cno's good night bro I
love you thanks for waking up multiple
times tonight all right I'll see you in
like literally a couple hours to play
basketball just imagine just imagine
right now somehow the key doesn't work
and I'm locked out again i honest think
the locksmith would come here not to
open my door but he would come here to
be my ass that 100%
we am baby come to think of how that I'm
starving that's where I'm gonna tell I
don't bring my keys so don't let the
door closed way the wind is gonna be
shaking it out wait I wanted to tell you
I'm hungry bro I didn't come for my
charger but thank you to eat your pasta
no I want to go eat me and you will go
to Taco Bell booth is here moving my
work come on we'll go to Taco Bell
together it's open 24 hours yeah let's
go but I'm not tired but hey if any of
you guys are you know watching this
video and you guys are down friends you
know you guys are friends who are down
to hang out chill and you know be there
for one another comment down below
because I need a new friend at this
point all right well I'll let you know
how the food tastes my fridge is full of
food but the point is eating is not to
eat food the point of eating in suspense
quality time with your friend good night
then it's go good night and I just watch
what's gonna happen in your sleep hey
just remember me and the locksmiths are
cooling out so when you go to sleep I'm
calling this and open your door I'm a
walking on you watch not gonna on the
real not not guys not guys but on the
real I know this video has been you know
off mmm
you know oh okay you know I'm leaving
all these things just so you guys know
behind the scenes of talking to a camera
all day all right guys it's happened
every day by the way um oh yeah
now all the real guys I know this video
has been all like fun and joking and
everything but really I want to talk to
you guys for a split second from the
bottom of my heart ever since I started
YouTube ever since I started getting
support from you guys the brats but ever
since you guys changed my life and
helped change my parents life it's
always been a dream of mine to meet the
whole entire gawad squad to me everybody
who's ever supported me and my family
and watch my videos and this is finally
my chance to
do that I've never been on a tour my
family has never been on a tour and so
for me to you know get to go on tour for
the first time and just get a chance to
do a meet-and-greet with all you guys
and just you know and excited to be
picking the cities the fact that it's
you guys you guys voting for it it just
you know makes me so happy it makes me
so excited so please if you guys have
time do not tweet me the city do not
comment the city down below do not send
me a message of the city none of that
counts for a bowl just simply click the
link in the description and that will
lead you directly to the tour website
and there it is where you can vote your
city please vote I want to see all of
you guys I want to meet all of you guys
and I'm framing the main part of the
tour it's not even just a meet-and-greet
but we're gonna have a basketball court
and I'm gonna be calling fans down and
playing you know basketball with them
and just bringing all my boys with me
you know special guests I don't know
it's gonna be really really fun it's
gonna be basketball team you guys are
gonna have a chance to shoot with me
play with me and you know meet and greet
and just it's gonna be crazy so please
link in the description down below it's
always been a dream of mine to me
everybody who has ever supported me
everybody who has given me this life I
love you guys and I all the world to you
guys just like you gave the world to me
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching today's video I really hope you
guys enjoyed even though it was
something completely out of the blue
something that wasn't planned and
honestly me being in my home right now
feeling the wall I didn't think this was
gonna happen
shout out to the locksmith service the
junior locksmith drop a like on the
video if you laughed at that drop a lot
even if you didn't laugh cuz I'm bad at
making jokes and I'm not a comedian so I
don't expect you guys to laugh except
when you're laughing at me
yeah I don't expect you guys to laugh
would me but I do expect a lot at me
pretty much all the time you guys are
laughing at me but anyway thank you guys
so much for watching today's video drop
a like if you did enjoy subscribe to
this channel if you are new Brandon here
aka pramanas I gotta get some sleep
because I'm tired as a baby
and I gotta wake up you know kind of in
like 2 or 3 hours so I'm gonna get my
sleep anyway I love you guys all so so
much I love you guys a lot and please
don't forget to vote the city that you
want to see me go on tour and one more
thing I think I forgot to finish a
bombing mission it one more time I love
you guys
oh my cam almost fell back off
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real like
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
