recorded guys I'm sitting here eating
dinner with Amanda and there's a guy
watching my videos right behind me play
how loud was I damn well then come
closer so I can't talk that loud guys
he's watching the one where I pranked
Brian within the wheel Amanda goes
Brandon turn around someone's watching
your videos I thought she was joking and
I turn around he's right there so I
don't know my thoughts are like sneak up
behind him and say peekaboo look who's
here
or what am I supposed to say so I should
not say anything that is that I liked
that video though he made a good choice
of which video to watch but like does he
know I'm here on purpose or what like -
has he turned around the one I don't
think he knows is a man jump yeah guys
Amanda's so dumb yeah what are you
wrapping it and you're coming with me
Cragen guys
Amanda stopped recording right at the
front LeBron was gonna get trained okay
now what do I do this is really weird I
don't know what to do but does he know
I'm here
how should I approach this oh you know
that makes yes obviously I was a bit
okay veena I can't think straight I
don't know what's going on right now
okay here I'm gonna try to give her my
picture
so the bet was since we've been comin
Souplantation ever since we were kids
and every since I was younger I've never
finished a full plate of my salad I
don't know why I just have a small
stomach or something I don't know
so I told Amanda if I finish my wall
plate then I'll give her a hundred bucks
and I'll give her my car like she could
have it so what I'm going to do I'm just
gonna keep eating all that and then
leave one tiny piece of lettuce right
before we leave like a pepper yeah no
never you like oh sorry
okay I like him he's watching the whole
video and all the eggs well you watch
all that thank you
I need that we had that yes but
shout-out to you watch my video right
there you're the reason I got for my
dinner
solid oak entire become higher BP so
should I just scream a night vigil he
took his phone away keep this one hey he
didn't watch the aim he didn't watch the
outro didn't watch the household one and
have to be careful like one I can't edit
that out I'm talking right what should I
do
definitely the reaction
Oh
ah it has to be a joke they're playing a
prank on me there's no way that phantom
Brian where are you Brian is the prank
you bet he's watching the end he's
watching he's watching the altruist I
love I love you guys
supporters like you way you don't skip a
single thing I love you guys but we're
you miss your family dinner I know
there's how people watch continuing I
always imagine people watch my videos
like in bed or you know on the chair at
home not not as Souplantation with their
family that's dedication but I just find
a hard to believe that the one time I
randomly come in Souplantation
there's a guy randomly watching my
videos I feel like they're doing enough
like they know I'm hearing so they're
trying to get me to catch it I know guys
but every time I turn around they don't
flick n so this is I don't know what's
going on honestly I don't even enjoy
dinner anymore yeah I don't want it I
might say a mindfuck I just want to know
what what I will retain everything about
that you know I thought Amanda was
joking Amanda I thought you were joking
I mean it goes look behind you use
watching your video I said yeah I turned
around it's me on the screen doing a
prank on rice but oh it's a little late
that video came out like last week
gotta be on top of your game boy-eeee I
mean like what do I do tap on the
shoulder hey buddy
you like that I just don't know what to
do like it's gonna be awkward if I walk
ups when I say hey wait imagine he
doesn't know the fuck I am and that
videos it came up on like recommended
things
so I go dump the clams out on a net what
it would be good footage why does the
clam try to get wrinkly look when you
don't touch a break we got the ground
rules himself about 15 minutes ago there
was no warning that's at Causton if you
don't eat your soup in 50 minutes the
wrinkles will here I think that's called
common sense okay we need to figure out
what to do guys keep you guys meaning
okay guys nothing against Souplantation
obviously nothing against their
employees nothing against the way they
wash their stuff what I'm being nice
nothing against Souplantation
at all I love this place but I do this
everywhere well not really I'm we doing
here but still I don't believe that they
claim there you've been so cool I'm
trying not to be rude I'm being really
nice cuz I can't talk about I don't
believe that they clean their utensils
fully so I never put my mouth on the
fork or spoon so they know you have to
eat what we support is easy look before
you just go like this okay but then I
don't think when it comes to soup on a
spoon this takes for all the years of
eating out the protection comes in handy
I trusted your fox cub you okay touch it
no no looks like a cat nothing again
Souplantation once again I love the
place but we have seen like a lot of
experience a lot of things on the sports
and foods sometimes it's like okay
whatever they're just getting worse and
worse but I don't like I just don't like
to touch my mouth on the spoon or fork
that isn't washed at my house that's it
nothing has any one I just like when
it's washed in my sink at my house
that's it sorry I'm weird guys now we
need to figure out what the hell's going
on behind you okay let's go get the
chocolate lava cake a man has been dying
for a choco lava cake I've been dying to
find out if the guy really knows I'm
there any data on purpose or if you just
randomly watched my video I mean I he's
not looking at me at all I swear he
doesn't know I'm here
all right Ryan okay guys we chase riding
out the door we ate them so we're
already outside buddhists on the table
open it or take it but Ryan I appreciate
you watching my video you know I was
over this why don't you say anything
cook your side so I was wondering the
whole time I was like does he know
nobody like again yeah you know if you
just play the video on purpose or he
generally oh that's so funny bow
I appreciate watching a video though
bye-bye so we literally tell them we
have to run oh I love all my belonging
guys no I didn't bring my eyes I'm Anna
you left mine and took yours oh my gosh
Amanda heartless guys
oh my ice cream is still here is still
here I had to leave my ice cream here
because so they were sitting over there
and then they started walking out right
when I was going to put caramel so I
dropped myself and I was like wait wait
okay guys so shout out to Ryan it turns
out he knew I was there and he was
watching my videos he was catching up on
my videos but he said he was two shots
and say what's up Ryan
I'm not scared for instance don't worry
you can it came up so they started
walking out and I was like wait wait and
they didn't hear me so I literally ran
move like three people out of the way so
I ran out and then that door is only
executing so I couldn't let it close and
them I left my ice cream and I told
Amanda wait wait but if there was
somebody watching my video in the middle
of his dinner and he wants the whole
video I wanted to show my appreciation
so I wanted to him I said thank you the
least I could do is tell that dude thank
you so when I saw him walking out I just
imagined he was going to leave and go
home without me saying thank you to him
so I dropped all myself and I sprinted
out the exit just so I could say thank
you to show my appreciation to him
watching my videos and oh I don't think
I like to touch the floor or the spoon
but maybe this was dessert that hold our
story when does that happen when it
comes to the third you can't hear it it
tastes so good look and this is why I'll
never understand it already called the
dessert here is bomb.com okay guys let's
test how good of a cousin Amanda so I am
done wait is it so hot side oh wait can
you not do min on the fucking guy again
no you can probably only on snapchat
okay so I'm an idiot but Amanda is
devouring her meal let's see how good of
a cousin she is in the middle of a meal
if your cousin gets up to go get you
more food that's a real cousin Amanda
don't make that face I would just want
an ice cream cone so I can dip in and
eat justice you know why I say no so
this is not going to go into the video
you're only saying this like a nice no
I'll put it in the video I swear serious
I'll put in the videos guys see there's
more to Amanda than just ditching me for
the federal culture there's more to this
side of hers honestly a mother good for
instance Amanda just one ice cream cone
please thanks brother
didn't you pay for my meal yeah that's
the least you give me I paid for your
whole meal your gang in the ice cream
cone okay guys you're crazy if you think
I really just want to ice cream cone and
watch this
okay
so now it's time to prank her Amanda I
feel bad but hey you got to go work for
yourself no I was gonna say have you
heard of double cuffing Amanda did you
know I'm gonna do I hate Raymond so much
so guys our managers burst will let the
vlog decide who has the more tastier
drink strawberry lemonade or Diet Coke
I'll get it not Michael Carey so wait
cheer yeah often one for which one's
better
I'm not Amanda are you stupid I put so
much salt you drink oh do not taste it
Amanda what is wrong with you guys and I
recorded - it's literally all over the
ice cream how is beauty written I should
have fucking baby yeah oh my oh let's
see which one tasted really hard
aren't you my fucking self good I told
you I wanted I said I want to looks like
it's deep I mean now that you say it I
mean maybe I can do saltiness do you
take the salt yeah but like you don't
really do that yeah I have it on video I
forgot putting sauna jink was normal she
didn't hate it what did you want me to
the moral of the story is Brendan cannot
be trusted first he'll make you feel
guilty again yeah I said please I'll put
in the video I think when we're bonding
again what does it matter you didn't try
you didn't take the salt okay call here
will me do it will we do it
I'm just joking with you Amanda you
ruined my funny big I thought you're
gonna spit it out and I'm thinking of a
thumbnail
you should have added like the whole
damn I cut in ice cream cones all right
there I should ask you for something
else guys ice cream cones are literally
right around the corner
I should I ask you for what oh wait
thumbnails/thumbnail.png huh okay put
like on the side and then go I'm not
doing this we're not to do got Amanda
Hanks doing the thumbnail she hates the
faces I make her make okay okay so you
know the drill what how do you suppose
to make a thumbnail so first look pretty
this is whether that's really hard and
then you just go just act like you to
Amanda no act like it's all straight and
you just drink a whole bunch of sodium
planning this and yeah hold on what the
drinkable the room no don't laugh how
good okay I already know the thumbnails
that are coming in screenshots and all
this nice put the strong closer to your
lid and then go yes
now move the shot away a little bit how
my hand hurt look Wow my arm
okay fine last try Walter drink put the
straw like a little and then go over I'm
always gonna click this video go yeah
whoo no one's gonna click it with your
thumbnail face you got to make them
intrigued okay
go I don't know what it looks like when
my eyes are closed yeah okay then don't
go charge your phone with your eyes open
okay do it thank you no sweet what ha
like that do it no I can't
guys we need a selfie oh god okay here
like this
let's see your face well I just like
alright you might think editing or
filming the video the hardest part no
speaking of thumbnails and I'm gonna
prank youto iLab see how the trick works
Amanda you don't drink it from 30 feet
away a joke guys we're gonna get kicked
out honestly
Raina's walking Amanda I drove here so
we're about to take a thumbnail and I
wanted the table clear so the thumbnail
could be like clear and nicer and look I
clean the whole entire table just to get
a good thumbnail so uh Souplantation
you're welcome
I just did the job for free just why
should get a good thumbnail go okay now
the real thumbnail so almost assault and
by the way I suppose I get it
yeah no try it one more time now need to
try to try it guys been doing this for
the vlog now you could taste it already
how do you know that dudes like yeah and
now that she knows okay for thumbnail
right okay now make a gross out face
while you just spit it out
no but look at the cameras oh yeah you
know something like this I'm like then
oh yeah like come on like so you just
drink a gallon of soul yeah and then
look at the camera and be like yeah like
like imagine you're constipated after
Korean barbecue and you really need to
go take your shoe now are you doing a
thumbnail for the next few months
you guys know I'm going to say those
faces was too real looks like you really
need to take me okay so what do we do
now because I wasn't really done eating
I just want this I knew all along guys
they close in about 30 seconds sorry
buddy by god I would clean the whole
table I'm so proud of myself
god I told Amanda the sure she's wearing
it's like the uniform here look
hi I was like oh yeah you like this
shirt he's like if you were a worker
yeah if you work here it looks just like
the uniform
okay well what if I go work here she
lives like a double life she asked me to
come to Souplantation but that's only
cuz she was on her lunch break she
really works like in the back so I
didn't know oh that's why you asked you
to come here
I love the type of you begging me to
fucking go this is impatient she
literally texted me
I was asking as I bit into my Karl jr.
with as soon as my first bite she texted
me starving yeah I got I didn't earn it
that's how I asked if you want to go to
two places I've done Amanda face
probably changed so fast because
Souplantation there's a lot of food and
it's unlimited so when you get a text
saying starving then there's no other
option except soup when taken God look
how nice and mayonnaise she actually is
a nice cousin she was biting into a
chicken sandwich while she saw my text I
said starving she could have easily been
like Brandon you know what no I already
have food but she told me she put the
sandwich right down or you probably ate
that yeah you hate the fucker Jeremy ate
it I swear I ate it I don't know at
least at least an Alan how are ya
physically eat so that's enough time to
like digest the chicken sandwich so she
is nice to can see anything she still
came here okay Amanda go I'm about to go
home we could stop fake being nice the
cameras off I'm just joking Oh
drive safe thank you so I'll take over
from here thanks are you gonna go in the
i8 yeah I named her Wendy hey the names
Booker oh hi guys say bye to vlog bye
Brad a slut thank you for all the good
feedback on our story time oh yeah I do
appreciate that I read those comments
okay so man appreciates the love from
you guys and I'm out Amanda you go home
- drive safe go I'm serious
you want to be real the fans I mean - go
fuck yourself and go get home now I'm
just joking guys later
thank God I'm free from Amanda bye oh my
god god I hate getting a text from
Amanda sing it - laughing I'm gonna
fuckin vlogging well as out saying I
hate getting that text from Amanda
saying do you want to go eat I hate it
joking by who
I suck at making that sound crew or
however the hell people say thank god
she's leaving now the man I'm just
joking get home safe look who decided to
join the vlog yeah did you miss them
yeah I did miss you guys
I sadly was out a family event like make
them what do you mean sadly it's good
god I'm just saying that I wasn't on the
lid because I was not a family the guys
before everybody throws the comments out
there oh did Brandon break up with
Jackie and now he's dating his cousin no
guys Jackie was out eating with her
family too now we're back yeah I can't
go back to my regular life with Jackie
well just be found anymore
sad bag to me you know I'm sounding
happy and now I'm back to my regular
life with Jackie yay no more yeah I'm
into dirt a lot actually I was thinking
about you guys when he told me sure now
when you told me he was gonna vlog I'm
like you know why we haven't blogged
together so long I miss you guys know so
much you I will see you guys next time
but like the video it's in sexy time so
back it's sexy time guys I'm back home
but I still haven't stopped thinking
about that fan Ryan shoutout to you
because you literally made my whole
night like it's been an hour since not
all happen and I'm already back home and
everything but I just keep thinking how
weird is it that somebody was actually
watching one of my videos while they
were out eating dinner with their family
it's just so crazy like this is all so
surreal to me still like the fact that
people watch my videos I just appreciate
it very much and never goes unnoticed
you know a lot of other youtubers they
could be like all hey that's cool thanks
for watching my videos but for me like
it really touches me somebody's really
out eating dinner with their family and
of anything they could be on their phone
for you know they could be playing a
game they could be texting their friends
they could be you know on Twitter on
Instagram but they choose to watch my
videos it's just crazy wait why is it so
dark it's just so crazy
and it still hasn't caught up to me like
yeah I know I have almost 2 million
subscribers I've been doing this for
almost two years now so a lot of people
are going to be like okay big deal
you're probably used to people watching
your videos but the thing is I'm still
not used to it it's still crazy to me so
Ryan thank you you made my night and I
appreciate you watching my videos just
like I appreciate everybody else
watching my videos it's just really cool
to be going out to eat with my cousin
and then I see somebody watching my
videos it's just you guys probably don't
understand it like I said you guys are
like oh he has almost 2 million
subscribers you know he's been doing the
tool YouTube thing for almost two years
oh he's already used to it you guys
might think that this is something small
to me you know people watch my videos
all the time but no I don't think about
it like that I think about it as it's
still crazy to me it's still surreal to
me and I still can't believe that it's
just hard for me to believe that so many
people watch my videos I really really
do appreciate it so thank you Ryan for
you know just making my night and thank
you guys all for your support because
just like Ryan made my night tonight you
guys all that watch my videos have made
my nights multiple different nights so
don't think just because I didn't see
you at a restaurant watching my videos
that I don't appreciate you that's not
true just like Ryan made my night
tonight I'm sure you guys on multiple
different nights and multiple different
occasions have made my day and you guys
have made me smile you guys have made me
really happy
so thank you for that I appreciate it
all it is I don't even ask for you to
like I don't ask for you to subscribe
I'll ask for you to leave a nice comment
all it takes is you guys watching my
videos and I already appreciate you it's
just crazy to me and the rest is just
extra you guys dropping alike you guys
leaving a nice positive comment that's
just extra the fact that people even go
out of their way and watch my videos
when they could be doing anything else
on earth they could be doing anything
else that they want it's crazy to me
thank you so much and I appreciate it
all don't ever think what you guys do
for me goes unnoticed I'm sure a lot of
people think Oh Brandon you're the one
who films the videos you're the one
wants to come up with the ideas you're
the one who stays up and edits it no but
you guys are the ones who watch it so
thank you so much yeah you guys probably
like watching my videos that's cool
thank you but if it wasn't for you guys
there would be no videos if it wasn't
for you guys watching I wouldn't have
the motivation to make videos so thank
you so much because you guys probably
think I'd do a lot for you you guys
probably think oh he stays up all night
annexes videos
cool but you guys do way more for me you
guys watching my videos means so much to
me so just I feel like I'm going on too
long of a rant but I just hope you guys
understand that I love you guys I love
you guys all allah i really do you guys
have changed my life and all it took was
just simply you guys just watching my
videos and my whole life change so thank
you guys i love you guys i appreciate
every single one of you guys that watch
my videos i appreciate it a lot and you
guys probably will never understand how
much i do appreciate it because there
are no words that could describe it but
I really do and I hope one day one day
that the words come out just to show you
how much I really do care for you guys
and how much I really do appreciate you
guys you guys are like my second family
but until then I just don't think
anybody will ever really understand
anyways but los Clause I love you guys
and we're almost at 2 mil we're almost
there which is crazy yeah I love my
friends yeah I love my girlfriend yeah I
love my mom and dad I love my brothers
but I love you guys too because just as
much as my friends I've changed my life
just as much as my girlfriend I've
changed my life you guys have changed my
life too just in a different way so I
love you guys like a second family and
I'm not just saying that I really mean
