yeah my forgot Jackie was upstairs we've
been playing for so long uh all right
mom I don't reject you ah well three
baths - really
man my wife is playing basketball again
I always feel wronged me every time
they get so freaking bored I'll just
stay home and watch snapchat stories
have nothing better to do Oh Jackie and
she looks so hard that's not sad for me
she is my girlfriend
wait a minute she did say she was alone
wait stop fuckin hand me that what the
fuck adeno fastening Anthony what is he
doing
Anthony what are you doing here what are
you running Oh Jim hang up but first I
just have to put my stuff in - wait
where are you going hang out we're
playing we're playing outside why are
you going to hang out with us inside
are you sure oh my god Anthony what are
you doing here hi Jackie uh try snapchat
and just buy a flyer so you're going
down why oh just offering
weird at all about he said he came to
hang out with us but he ran inside we
ran outside he probably left something
inside without actually he came in
running so fast faster than Usain Bolt
fucking was so bad
Olympic runner like me oh you didn't
even tell him I don't even know who had
come okay let's go stay for my balls
2000 years later
game boy finally it's been like 3 hours
anybody ever come outside
eally wait how long has it been
wait did Anthony wait what Anthony has
been outside since he got here Anthony
right we've been playing for like three
hours and he never even stepped out he
ran inside and never came out so we wait
let's go check him white game pointless
hey let's go check on Anthony what if
you left them we didn't even know I
didn't leave yeah but what if we were so
into the game that we didn't even vote
he would have said bye I know I'm still
here I'd like to
everyone overlook just check your who
heaven Anthony Ola you know I also how
to and evil hammy the free hamstring we
believe what is he holding that quarter
you don't have to be on there right no
Anthony looks like in come on Anthony
Anthony bunny mom have you seen Anthony
or Gimli he came here
yeah I don't want to have it back
anyone wedding no wait look Oh Jackie
Jess babe Jackie okay
hey this time we're going to burn your
power
I'll just being a nice guy not a
gentleman because that's what you need
right someone that's always with you
give me a gift
friend you're kind of where to be right
now okay he's playing wrestle and wait
since when did Antonio gotcha
oh I I did do a blow out back just to
follow up on what you've been doing
we're in line so about this now Jack you
can't get a fallback or no what do you
mean
oh no I was just sit down just a thought
hey Jackie
okay hey
didn't have to check my guns on my room
jacking in mind I'm just wondering like
why would you bring me a flower that's
really weird
oh I was being a nice guy okay don't get
close
what's wrong okay anything one of the
videos in your studio oh maybe is
editing program specially think your
students oh yeah all over leave together
is video less we Anthony should add just
the only place would be my obviously
he's not in my room Jackie didn't wear
those Anthony's so YouTube what's wrong
because what do you mean what's wrong I
have a boyfriend
look you're really going to tell me that
you don't want any of this also you
always outside yes wait I'm not
expanding specific but every time I talk
about Jackie in front of the company he
does like pop a little on my face and he
always goes I go Jackie is so Alba but
human now being Irene Woody's now his
mommy hi touch my you should come up
late are you saying you really don't
want any yeah I'm serious I don't wanna
die before using any of that kid it
takes it no come on stop stop I'm gonna
tell the Brandeis whatever you say no no
don't know baby
he's my favorite cousin I don't want any
problems and promise me you won't say
anything please
I can't tell me no please tell me about
insane team they're on their way over
here right now
no no I didn't know just don't say
anything please off stop please okay
thank you so much I did not want any
type of man just what do you mean stop I
think they're on the river here just act
normal okay acne what's going on what
Anthony oh he's here every minute what
were you doing what the fuck are you
what is he big what hi Sleeping Beauty's
asleep
what do you mean Sleeping Beauty that's
my girlfriend oh no no I mean I Jackie's
asleep come on have a little speck
wait who how do you asleep they who's
more screaming style up don't do that to
me what was that the TV
I'm like the weirdest thing to walk in
Anthony that was really weird
and they she's asleep guys you guys this
good onset know anybody
yeah we could go down to they're gonna
bring the cards babe let's all go
downstairs one well I mean like not all
of us you guys just doing our set off
stay here with Jackie I'll make sure
nothing happens
wait what why would we go downstairs
alone while Anthony what do you mean you
and Jackie stay in the room by yourself
are we gonna go downstairs or no or am I
going to stay in the room what are you
doing you're acting real fishy today I
don't know why any like that ooh water
melone I love water alone oh don't worry
about it here I got for you how many do
you want
okay guys doing what are you doing
Anthony all cover for food I don't worry
about that
why are you putting you you're better
than us I guess it all put it all right
I got it is he a friend yes it's all
full of cheer now nothing my bed
hey all hobby pieces you want and hey
Mon man
no I can put her food and the other what
is wrong in me with all of her food for
what we use is to be a nice friend oh so
weird wait where is he he want any we
hopefully he is Maya well known early
hey when are you eating what are you
gonna go home you got a house go on
access when you can you tell me who for
what oh god right I'll take you home
your car is not that big now can I
please follow this captain hat what do
you wanna take it easy
yes what is it like what drugs are on my
eyes
you know and dudes come on I'm just
acting why are you so horny
why do you have a knife in you because
you're really horny around my girlfriend
why is that if you want to take you
upstairs to the bedroom me and you go
what are you talking about we like we've
done enough yeah we've had our cottage
is just weird
any I really want to tell us something
you came over the rainbow flower what
are you doing yeah give you a little bit
job I'll get my massage a little okay I
wanted to catch you didn't lift a little
ten I'm okay I'm not what is get away to
me you get away from you yes you're
really making me feel really weird right
now makes a little awkward from it came
to hang on my best bud is Brandon trying
and Jackie was just randomly here on
this time being nice you know you know I
come here all the time I said I'm part
of the family yea-ah
I'll make some model comfortable it's a
five-minute side they don't want you you
try to massage her you've tried to
fucking I don't know what you're winner
in the room sleeping what do you roofie
her I don't know I hear screaming stop
stop
I leave know where I'm coming from what
is this a problem okay let my bad just
sit down
stop acting so weird no I'm 9 to do it
no more touching you are never that
another no more
sit down to my cousin I don't know
what's going on right now you have any
more spread for this to larger room just
use that phrase you don't need more than
one it's watered onyx rugby
you don't a couple - and that's how we
get keep it so you don't shake it run a
blue pen
Anthony what the fuck are you winking at
her for Anthony get out get out this if
you sing I'm gonna get and get up get
the fuck out laughs all right good calm
down I'm out I'm out what was that all
about
honestly what is wrong with me am i
judging next never happens like are you
sure like brian has a gun though right
never does not to me what I don't add up
Anthony I love you that's my boy that's
my cousin I love him but wonder fun days
what do you mean you're going like that
why don't you stop why aren't you
killing you have a knife by midnight you
were supposed to you about how to come
to leave I'm so glad you left all these
clothes to him I don't want to hit my
son I love it that's my and I'm just
glad he's gone cuz I don't wanna start a
fight I'm glad he left
what's up what's up what are you doing
what were you gonna dig for and I was
visible I thought it what are you doing
Eddie what do you want
right okay Rose oh Clark I think you in
her right to choose what I mean thank
you thank you you want to be with this
tub I want to be with a half-ton
freefall it's big boy what did i mal you
guys fucking do whatever you want yeah
why can I be the star this kid
and I thought why do you don't let his
enlightening like just the scars of the
skit yeah
whining OH oh wow you already broke my
camera laughing oh I didn't crying I
didn't record I'd write and record that
I saw it yeah you fucking die oh my god
wait that was the funniest guy bringing
up picked up hooker fun using of
everything in my life yeah yeah but I
dragged my fucking time I slipped on the
okay I wish I cut that 20 minutes guys I
really hope you enjoyed this stick I
don't usually do any suits on my channel
but I just thought about
but I just thought about the side again
I thought I could be a really funny
videos to do hope you guys enjoyed the
late turned out I think it's gonna come
out really funny how to watch - yeah I'm
only been a part of it I actually
couldn't even speak tails the foot yeah
we messed up so many times I'm sure you
can see all the cuts little just way too
funny did not cut me anything I love and
dish out my girlfriend Jackie L family
fuck their shoes off I hope you guys
enjoyed the contest land up loopers and
the bloopers yes the bloopers are going
to be crazy funny so stay tuned for the
end of this video to see the Bluebirds
anyways Pilates I'm out I need to go
play at that ball game I'm filling in
for my injured cousin so I can't wait
for that you guys know me I love
basketball I'm not injured
Anthony don't wish you could do this why
did I was bigger but anyway wish me luck
at my basketball game it's time to go
something rotten go Anthony the skate
just started how'd you pull that off
Wow Oh 45
when you do this everybody wait hold on
the lighting is so bad
well you have to talk louder Jackie
needs to start saying no ill get away
from me wait the deck team help help
okay no it's not dying he's getting hit
on nice Mike she's freaking crazy what's
going on here yes Anthony scoop now
closer every time she goes back okay so
and they keep getting closer every time
she scoots a little back I'll cover her
food for what we used to be a nice
friend all night there there's no
nothing
Anthony which is so funny I was laughing
George manikyam happening no Anthony's
Broadway can you please record this I'm
gonna sit right here and then she'll
turn I hear you come out from under and
then just pop your fucking head out
Brian please film that so give anthing
enough room the shit make us all make a
lot a tub shape pop any what are you
going to go home
don't ask you what you know all right
I'll take you home
yeah your car's not that big yeah what
do you want whoa take it easy
fine I can everybody touch Oh
what does Lee aim I'm back 730 obsolete
authentic you go I really don't wait
hold on why don't like too many just
cool it closer to Jack oh I'm glad you
came Brian you can't laugh
but I'm looking on everything I'm not
I'm just looking oh come on I'm not
gonna laugh you can you're right and it
is not God okay I'll get along - you
came here running a hundred miles per
hour with your back I was gonna love the
rug lives valuable okay
okay actually wait hold on let me get it
out all on that's really making me feel
really weird right now
you're making it look and jacket is what
does anybody know no one ha don't bother
I haven't seen anything more creepy than
that yet okay
ha all that what the fuck about all
dollars like I'm so glad it's gone I was
out of hidden Anthony please do not have
time AB nine minutes Oscar leaves to the
game thing about it and the humor are
like in the bag I'm going to do the
funny
who's your ever record straight state as
a human I can choose one of you you have
too bad
wait so do you really choose Anthony no
well not well why he's handsome
I changed myself but Anthony's hug okay
Anthony honestly fuck you for the finger
was right before my day how did you
knock it down camera I know but when I'm
wearing the same socks that I was
waiting at the gym four hours ago filled
with sweat I slipped off the car Pam
fucking Jam my finger because of yes
guys thank you to jackie sherman and
Brian for participating in this skit
Brian house hammy
I had local love but he for sure like a
mean cuz I'm so scared of him don't get
me wrong I take pictures of a man as did
in oh yeah and Brian this is why I
suppose um he's scary when he bites his
mouse isn't like this his mouth is like
this so it's scary like it's already
ready to buy don't everyone I love him
he's a good kid that's there
very nice man but I only take pictures
of Abel yeah he's respectful I just
don't put my hand in the Kate way guys
Anthony just asked me a question before
I left to the game what'd you say is
Jackie gonna do a game
yeah Jackie's coming to a game one other
day you want it let me just leave her
here
Hey shut up the videos over the videos
done Anthony shut up because I've always
been hesitant to do a skit on my channel
because I always feel like I'm not a
good actor I feel like I don't know how
to add and I'm like I'm Brandon I'm not
an actor I don't know how to do it and
we we just always shied away we've been
hesitant from doing skits on the channel
but today we were like you know what
let's just try it what's the worst that
could happen
I'm hoping it came out good I haven't
seen it in the editing program yet but
I'm hoping it came out good let us know
what you guys think that's a lot a lot
very awkward for me I'm oh my god we had
to force her yeah Anthony the hot chunk
I don't know he convinced me he kept
laughing every single second it was so
funny guys about this kiss I mean for
the like video I had to like lean in and
like me I think of Jackie because I was
like dude that's so no guys the scene in
the kitchen was probably like one minute
actual footage but it really took us
like over 30 minutes to record because
me Brian and Anthony kept laughing and
kept laughing Brian kept laughing and he
wasn't even in the skit in the kitchen
Brian was just laughing so hard just
from being the cameraman it was so funny
Brian guys if you notice a bunch of cuts
during that part we just bright it
wasn't only you we were all laughing it
was so funny
