wait can I fucking get up pillow for
what to make me look taller or how do
you you can sit on down I'm gonna wash
it anyways no no okay not that's all
you're literally taller than me now I
want to be a cop remember I'm older
yeah but is slouched I feel my godness
yeah that's fine
helping it went down anything me before
we shot the video just oh yeah I knew
there are gonna be this wholesale sell
you can't even hear a crunch it's
styrofoam okay then no more use hey I
don't want anymore
god no I managed to finish this before
the soy pepper everything is variable a
skittle we have the whole set ready for
a good story
you can't sell good snoring let you have
the snack anyway what is going on guys
Brandon here hey amber waters and today
I'm bringing you guys a brand new story
video with my cousin Amanda say what
took me another lucky day you guys might
better known as a girl who ditched me at
the Fetty WAP concert I finally showed
my face I did read all those comments
thank you I appreciate all about that
hate it love it and yeah it's because I
told them I hate comments they really
love you but guys I said leave a dislike
and I hate for Amanda but not this video
this video we want positive comments and
we want life because today we are
telling a story about the time somebody
hit my car and pretty much faked an
identity so
ah sorry I just got out from the gym and
I didn't have enough time to drink water
what time did you get here okay I don't
even I forgot about that but now that a
June as he mentioned that I just got as
mad I literally have been waiting here
for at least minimum one hour I was with
my friend and I was rushing her I told
her hurry Brandon's brushing me you
literally timed me was giving me every
30 minute update wait show them what I
texted my children I couldn't even enjoy
my time out because of that I didn't all
go take that log at the gym literally
okay here it says one hour and 14
minutes left till show time I said okay
like okay got a hurry my heart was kind
of racing okay oh my god 24 minutes till
show time I'll be home at 12:35 okay I
was like okay well I mean it's already
12 I might as well just start heading
over there headed over here Brandon's
nowhere to be found then I see him on
Instagram lah why not agree I'm up to
bake her into it again Jim I was here I
played with Bosley I showed my aunt my
car I did like all these different
things
anybody with hammy um I was done waiting
for him and then finally Brennan decides
to show up an hour later God you guys
know when you're playing basketball at
the gym and you get lost in the time
you're like oh shit I'm supposed to meet
up with my cousin like an hour ago but
it's just a minute so it doesn't matter
feels like Jessica or Mandy then big
deal I act like I have other things to
do but I'm literally free all day the
funniest part in the morning on Sunday
Amanda please be on my outside 12:30
please we need to film this we need to
get it done but I was playing bass alone
I just got lost to the time but we're
here we made it so I want to give my
sincerest apologies to Amanda for
wasting their time I know time is
valuable god knows what she could have
been doing okay he actually paid $7.99
of money last night oh hey guys
9 7 I'm not about a $2.00 fuck oh yeah
see I had orders and the purpose okay
you better tell a good story letter
speak with your voice good and
everything today ready anyway guys I
always do this when I tell story time
ago before I start the story I apologize
if you guys don't like the story time
videos I know some people get a little
bored of two people just sitting in a
chance understory
but I do feel sometimes they are really
interesting or entertaining or funny
things that happened in my life
I feel like I live like a really weird
life where things just hit me and I'm
like okay I gotta tell you guys the
story I usually action yeah my reaction
so sorry sometimes I can always bring of
law or a prank or a challenge sometimes
you got to settle with a story and
today's story it's actually happy a
couple years ago and I don't know what
reminded me of it but I texted Amanda
this morning I'm like Amanda we need to
tell the story so we're gonna start off
with okay it was I'd say it was
literally when your very first gun when
I'm very friends all my life is exact to
top it off I'd say what three four years
three years ago I think and we're
driving and a lot of people who don't
live in San Diego don't know what this
place is but it's convoy so for those
who don't know it's really really busy
there's a ton of restaurants about all
the parkings are very very small it's
meant to kind of look like Chinatown
yeah so it's packed and busy and
everybody's walking the streets and like
I said the parking spots are really
small and so me and Amanda are in the
car I think who was with us Brian and
Jen's
yeah okay so was um Jessica was in the
car with us and you and Brian and me and
I was pretty much all the friends that
we had at that time we still know how
those four that's good so it's pretty
much a full car for us okay and we
literally had just had a nice dinner a
nice family dinner we had did I think
Korean barbecue that we could go to you
know we went to yesterday that I paid 75
for Amanda so let's go over and don't
worried and so we're just having a good
time we all think we're all cool and
Brandon's like so yeah just got the car
you know the red leather seat beautiful
car painted windows blasting music I was
like shit I'm the man yeah I wouldn't
got fucking subway but I'm the man like
who cares so you know I'm driving and I
see this car like backing out and I'm
like old take it easy man
just take it easy man so it keeps
backing out I'm like shit I can't keep
going cuz there's a car in front of me
but if I stay here this idiot just keeps
backing out I guess he didn't see you or
something so the keys backing on it
keeps backing out before you know it
what do you know he fucking hits the
back of my car and I'm just like no no
no like did he really not see me right
there
everybody knows in those streets and
those parking lots you have to be super
alert because there are so many cars and
this guy just ruled out before anyone
even said anything so all of a sudden
like me I was in the back and literally
we're all just talking and everything is
wrinkled forward and we're like no way
like big way we did not just get into a
car accident so you know I step out of
the car and he sets out thankfully he
didn't he had nowhere to run so he
couldn't do a hit and run well at least
that's what we thought that's all I
talked about the car he took saw the car
and mind you up this was three or four
years ago so I was like 17 years old
maybe had just turned 18 and to a lot of
people 17 or 18 or like macho men and
all that but Middle Eastern culture a 17
year old kid is exactly what I just said
it's just a kid so you know I'm stepping
out this is like the first time I've
ever been in like a crash or you know I
have to get someone's number and so I
get out he gets out and now it makes
sense why he fucking backed up into my
car
because a girl gets out of the front
seat what was your theory this one okay
so I said literally he's thinking he's
so cool he had a nice car to do a nice
new Infiniti okay he's backing out he
hits him he's with his fucking
girlfriend I'll be the girl he just met
for their first date yeah just for a day
that's amazing idea this is how about
they fucking ended it they had come back
from a nice dinner she was actually like
liking him at this time and everything
and then he like I said it friend oh my
god we're all like get me out of here
right now like this is a girl thing
where's our girl thing no bottom and a
theory was that he was so nervous like
it was his first day with this girl so
he backed his car my theory was that you
guys know like row dome that's my sister
like doing a little something so he
backed up into it although you can't
wait til you start driving it has to be
in the parking lot
but anyway so he backs into it and I
step out a minute steps out all furious
you don't know man he looks like a guy
like well she's probably scarier than me
so I was probably the biggest at that
time yeah I was looking up wait so the
guy says shall I step out and he looks
at the car and you know he also does the
apology oh man the fake the other fake
I'm sorry wasn't being but in their head
they just look at what kind of car was
like how much my gonna be paying in
damage I'm not shit a new Lexus oh so
he's you know the fake applause that's
from the beginning what do you know al
he's like ugh because it's like not his
license-plate numbers but you know like
the the nails that you put the license
plate on your card they were like
indented into my bumper and so he sees
eyes oh I'm so sorry man I wasn't paying
attention and I was kind of mad I'm not
gonna lie usually I'm just like all it's
fine let's just forget the information
but this time I'm like really I was
right behind you in a packed parking lot
you just back straight up into it
so obviously what do you do when you van
a car crash you take down the insurance
the registration maybe take a picture of
their ID all that good stuff and so what
what does he do first this will kind of
fish okay art so first the first thing
that I went on outside
he literally comes out the first thing
is offer money so we don't have to call
the insurance and he literally is this
asking like oh so I can give you like
500 or something uh yeah I think if you
cash for it right now like we don't even
have to go through the insurance or
anything like I have it on me right now
and we were like I don't know that's
kind of like sketchy like it could be
worth more it was like fiber what was it
like by harbor father fiber or whatever
it was literally dented in and
everything well I already like sketchy
that's what I'm saying now is that
happen now when I'm 21 almost 22 years
old I had so much experience with cars
and paying my own insurance all that I
would have said yo no does it bitchy I
know what you're trying to hear but
before you know I was just I was so
clueless I don't know anything about
these things and so I was just like oh
why is he trying to ping me I was like
ah no it's fine I'll just take a picture
of your ID and so he's like are you sure
you know I could give you the cash and
I'm just like no no it's fine I should
have known right then and there that he
was trying to pull something so what I
did was he told he then told me I'm like
we're gonna go through insurance and he
then told me that he didn't have his
insurance on it but he promised me you
know I have insurance though I have it
and I could show it to you all this just
take my number down and you know if you
want you can take a picture of my
ID'd this guy he looks so trustworthy
you know so the first day this first day
on my shot like we didn't want to like
embarrass him that my girlfriend or
potential girl but not anymore for sure
she outfit so after the first day he
probably after this story he probably
did her dirty you like it no she cleaned
the stray off her mouth and just fucking
did yeah but so you know we felt bad and
I'm just like all right bro like I trust
you you haha hey oh I thought my nose
was prank music don't get me wrong I
love having a good guy nice kid but I
don't want him near me because he bites
and his mouth isn't like it's not
certain look like this it's like many to
be I guess I mean I smell nice and we
tweeted yeah no don't get me wrong good
fucking mature man good young kid but he
bites and I don't like commissioner man
I'm scared Brian Delaney damn stirring
yeah that's a Nick no don't get me wrong
I go to my snap shot him and I take
pictures of them I don't put my hand in
the cake so us being nice people we
don't embarrass him so I'm like yo you
know you look trustworthy I believe you
you haven't changed let me just get your
number down I don't even need to take a
picture of your ID let me get your
number down give me your name and you
know we're all good
this motherfucker okay I apologize for
my language this motherfucker he gives
me a number and you know he gives me
some name
if only I still had my old phone I'll to
pull the number out and the name but
there's a new phone and I would have the
picture cuz obviously took pictures and
everything okay you know okay sir have a
good night you know he does the fake
apology apologies also sorry for hitting
your car you know the nice and thank you
go enjoy you didn't enjoy your Korean
barbeque
so I get home and you know blah blah
blah they want to bother him that night
it was late so I went the next day to
get an estimate ah yeah look how nice
and this is where being nice to bite you
in the ass but I go to go get an
estimate and the price was like 750 or
800 to fix everything they had to like
do some stuff to the bumper and so
that's where I knew right away the
factory offered me 500 in the beginning
was kind of bullshit cuz it was more
than that but second so I'm about to
give him a call
I call the number remember you have
reading brother fucking pretty much the
number you have reached is the guy just
fucking played you and he gave you a
fake number and they liked you
and he looked you that right in the face
and lied to you and so I tried calling
again it's sitting in the memory of
reaches from a motherfucker who flies
straight to your face bla bla bla
that's not really what they said you
know the girl that's a bridge the old
series was the biggest con scam con
artist both of them they probably
weren't even dating you probably we're
brothers yes sir and too old oh let's
make let's make it exactly and so the
name he gave me I would do I tried to
look it up on Facebook and a bunch of
adults came up but none of them were
hands so it was obviously a fake name
and I'm just sitting there like I didn't
even get mad I just had to feel so
stupid no I couldn't get mad not a hint
at myself I'm sitting there and I'd
Amanda but I'm sitting there like I
really just trusted this guy who I
didn't even know and said oh yeah man
you know I trust you just give me your
numbers fine and look what happened
and I'm stupider because no I know none
of that because I trusted Brandon up he
was going to be smart enough to know
what to do in an accident and never ever
ever expect a lot from Brandon like that
I'm seeing I realize like yeah he has a
good heart but you know we're not gonna
get you in the world you know you got a
good heart
bottom and SAT once again she ran away
from the car from the damn venue before
photo op in the game Al's a good heart
I want a jack-in-the-box so bad she left
a Fetty WAP performance before I came
out to go get a beer and we had a
chicken tater melt Munchie meal Amanda
only six dollars first of all this is
not reality what six dollars at his home
he talked of finding out or wing two
things or Benihana what jack-in-the-box
yeah my husband was downtown and I had
to drive on the opposite way of the
one-way or just to get into the
drive-thru and that it was worth it
Betty well performed for 18 minutes 15
minutes you couldn't wait to go get a
jack-in-the-box
Fetty WAP is falling off the face of the
earth this might be the last time you
will ever get a chance to you perform Oh
because you guys don't understand
actually it's something personal that I
don't know our Fetty WAP so if you ever
watch this study love this is because of
this because like I'm actually was a
good fan loyal a big fan I love steady
uh give him one yeah number two okay no
we're going it's illicit so I actually
did tried to go we all did try to go at
least four separate occasions before he
came up with four separate excuses when
he had to cancel all the concerts we
tried to go to Amanda what I wanted to
play him up act like I was gonna go
seeing him I looked at my I saw him on
stage before you make the contract I
said like look at me I'm here and I'm
looking at him I walked out and I'm like
I'm done I'm done
I was hurt four times I'm not a fifth
time present no but the biggest hurt was
when Teddy Wepner on a motorcycle crash
obviously God's blessing prayers up to
him okay but it was right before we were
about to drive all the way to la Los
Angeles me Brian Jessica Mandy Amanda
all of us had bought tickets to a Fetty
WAP concert
this is only was big time right when my
way I came out right one 671 my when I'm
swerving in my eyes I'm on I think not
just joking so we bought tickets and we
were all excited and then a cup like a
couple weeks before he gets in this
motorcycle crash and so he cancelled his
part in the concert god forbid they had
Drake replace him obviously no one big
just Drizzy but now I'm just joking
thankfully Drake him out in spot but
Amanda was so hurt personally that we
bought tickets and drove all the way to
LA just for him not to show up into the
motorcycle crash so then she went to the
concert that we went to recently look
him in the eye and walked out yeah and
you flaked on me I'm a flake on you he
cares so much about who you are even him
you get into a motorcycle accident you
could come in a wheelchair before you
could seeing it's okay I'm not looking
for an act or a shot for the boys yeah
that's it I don't care you're sitting
I'm not asking you to go and dance on
the rage I just want a little voice I
can come out black so what is the good
heart in the family me or Amanda
Sadie well I say you can take your time
and heal your injury not me Alex good if
he maybe
baby decides to send me free tickets
then maybe I'll think about manic he's
falling off so bad off the face of the
earth Janice he's gonna have to pay us
you go so he's not just free tickets not
still love enough obviously but google
it
oh my god we devoted more because you go
to Fetty well I know give me the fake
number
yeah we're done and yeah anyways we did
get his thing six I think no I got my
thing fixed but I have to paid out of my
own pocket
I couldn't moral of the story is take
pictures of people's driver's license or
take pictures of their face without
these or at the offer you can yeah how
did you get a cat take the fucking cash
would have been better than nothing I
gotta tell you the cashews I guess we're
all idiots we're all 80 oh and don't
listen to our advice that's it that's it
now not only am I good I get screwed
over with a car bronzed probably fuckin
to bring the hamster right now Sara
scare me anyways guys thank you so much
for watching this video I really hope
you guys enjoy we're really close to 2
million subscribers I think now we're
about 120,000 away yes we're getting
there really really fast I apologize for
having a man in my videos on my campaign
but I hope you're doing okay
now I know why I'd hear my iron hurt Oh
God
oh is it I I flinched so bad hey I don't
quit from that but I quit from your hand
anyway God one last time if you're
expecting a blog praying challenge
anything else I apologize will be back
to those videos tomorrow but sometimes I
feel like stories are just funny and
entertaining so once again drop a like
if you enjoyed leave a comment what you
thought about this guy leave a comment
about how stupid I was for not taking
the information down completely trust me
I heard enough of it from my dad after
he found out but I want to hear from you
back to my lesson uh I don't know I
can't get a long time to learn my lesson
and instill something son it's okay who
is the dumbest one in the family tree
yeah we found in the comments how
American men decide honestly I don't
know if you guys have met my cousin
Clint ha ha ha
and just got every right right word how
how stupid she can be as well like it's
always some
I think it goes Jessica blog Lee oh yeah
Mandy and then me like somewhere on the
middle yeah yeah yeah maybe middle but
actually all of us are not that like
we're getting a good thumbnail so
imagine like the title is going to be
something about like crashing the car or
like hey and Ronson going just make two
similar dudes face like we're imagine
like just do it like we made a thumbnail
okay don't go like what yeah like
imagine like hold your harlot okay how
maybe do Walter my handy rocket went
over your hair and hot potato hot potato
yeah okay no yeah but like what no no
don't cover your mouth cut like imagine
like I'll be like I'm holding onto a
stream or no all I don't know all the
bugs you look like a thumbs up right now
okay so you enjoyed it with me we use it
okay you'll be scared like imagine my
garage you don't mind II liked it and I
didn't like some eyes if I do any
molding hammy in one hand like this just
imagine that now house Oh potato ass
okay guys we should have gonna get a
good something out of that what okay I
stopped the practice to be my thumbnail
moves but I'm not made for this you guys
you stepped on the spindle
okay yeah guys thank you so much for
watching drop a like and this time leave
a positive comment for a man and you
doctors lie Amanda looks so beautiful I
know you guys like I like those lines I
appreciate it a lot it makes me feel
good even for it too much there's a fan
page they post section of Amanda Munoz a
lot squad oh thank you a member i showed
I'm sure you know okay guys thanks so
much for watching better screenshots if
you guys are gonna screenshot by the way
we don't you don't give them a chance
you give them a good chance right now I
know I'm ugly to be goodness okay guys
we're out this video
shotgun guys before I close this video
I've wanted to do this for a while but I
haven't really got the chance I want to
shout out the fan pages that I know I
have a list of pages
sorry if I'm missing some but these are
the ones I know there's rug phase with a
Q her name is Michelle
there's Votto a lot is actually falling
there's four waters vlog but what phase
Almighty bro watt is a wattage figs
fanpage hey TV M phase loving Brian but
it's like a fan page for both of us so
it's all good no it's for both of us a
watt is close we are bur washcloth a
wadis memes and then underscore of a
waters fanpage I know there's more and I
apologize if I didn't get to you but
those are some that I've recognized and
I've liked a bunch of you guys pictures
so I want to give you guys a little
shout-out in my video anyways thank you
guys for the support and I appreciate
all the spam pages
