guys something just happened to my
finger and it's turning purple hold on
I'll take the tape off and show you guys
shout-out to my girlfriend for the
stretch before the game you hold on time
okay well guys this is not good so I
can't wait shut up first oh my god dad
it's purple funk why did this happen
right before my game guys look at the
finger okay I don't know if you could
see it but just look at the game why oh
my god okay wait Oh God
behave you did not do that well okay so
my first let me tell you why I had to
flip the tape earlier at the gym to make
see how nasty my finger is okay guys so
if you can't tell right there I know
this is disgusting I'm sorry but I cut
my finger really bad playing bass bought
the gym earlier today I don't know why I
was playing when I know we had a game
later tonight but I cut my finger really
bad so I put some tape around it because
we're about to lead to our game and I
didn't want the cut to start bleeding
and I tied it so tight that my whole
finger turned purple so I think we're
going to go without tape but anyways
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka the waters I don't know what it is
with me it seems like every single week
I have some type of new injury one my
hand healed it's my finger one of my
finger yield is my back when my back
healed I freakin get sick when my
sickness is finally gone I cut my finger
really badly at the gym and it starts
pouring blood why my cell injury blowing
I just want to play a game without
injuries anyway guys I'm not going to
sugarcoat it I'm not going to sweet talk
or anything
we have sucked this season we have been
trashed mean I've been trashed we have
one win and two losses we've lost two
games in a row ever since we started our
team we have never lost three games in a
row so today without a changing we gotta
pick up a victory this isn't a joke
anymore we don't want to lose three
games in a row that's pathetic that's
embarrassing and it's just not who we
only won the championship we are
defending champs we don't want to start
one in three and all the last season we
only lost three games we ended seven and
three so what kind of pathetic start
would it be to be one and three and has
as many losses and we did all of last
season already
and like I always say I put everything
on my shoulders I put everything on
myself so I apologize to my team I need
to play better I need to step up and I
need to act more as a leader because I
don't care how good I'm playing I don't
care how good I'm doing if my team's
losing on automatically say it's my
fault I should do a better job out there
and we need to turn the season around
because as defending champions we don't
want to start 1 & 3 so this game is
really really important the team were
playing is pretty good they're ahead of
us in the standings sadly this is going
to be our first game playing without
cribs for those who missed my video last
week Chris tore his calf muscle so he's
going to be out for we don't know how
long exactly but he's for sure out for
today and Chris daddy God knows he's
good he's a good basketball player so
we're going to miss Chris out there it's
going to be tough playing without Chris
but we got to do it no excuse it I don't
care about my finger my sickness my back
I don't care about anything
once you step on the corn there's no
excuses at all without Chris with Chris
no matter who's injured or what injuries
it's a bad ball game
there's a score there's two reps and we
need to win that's just how it goes we
need a way I think we tend to forget
that after we won the championship we
got moved up a division we got bumped up
so nothing's going to come easy we're
playing against bigger guys we're
playing against more physical teams
we're playing against better basketball
players so we can't get comfortable out
there we can't be lazy and we can't be
like oh we're going to win this game for
sure we're going to win that game for
sure because every team is better than
last season so we need to step up I have
my picture taken because I'm top three
in the leading scorers so they put my
picture on the website and when the girl
came up to me she was like oh can I take
your picture you're a leading scorer of
this season and I looked at her like
wait I'm a leading scorer how my team is
doing so bad because when my team is
losing I don't even notice that I'm
scoring a lot of points I don't even
notice that I'm doing good because I
always put team success over my own
individual success so she's like yeah
you're a leading scorer so far on your
top three and I'm just like it doesn't
feel that way at all because my team's
losing we need to start winning
starting this game we have our game in
30 minutes let's start better let's get
a victory
I'm ready hopefully the rest of the
teammates already because I've been
dying to play this game ever since we
lost last week coach what's the game
plan for today we're struggling two
losses in a row
most one must win dad I was telling them
last season we went seven and three we
only lost three games the whole season
and now we already have two lawsuits so
if we lose today we already match our
whole lawsuit mom must win yeah yeah
guys see even even the parents have had
enough I don't blame them okay good
you earn it yes I don't blame you guys
we need to play better everybody needs
to step up starting with myself guys I
forgot to bring tape no actually fuck
down I'm not putting tables anymore I'll
take AB and E and I forgot to bring a
band-aid because when I was playing
earlier at the gym it was like pouring
blood and in this league if you start
bleeding they make you come out of the
game they take you out of the game so I
don't want it to start bleeding because
they're not how to come out so I'm gonna
try to control the bleeding for this
it's just it looks disgusting it's like
a chunk is taking off so I really don't
want to start bleeding and then get
taken out by the rest that's the last
thing I want I think what I need to do
as a leader is fire the team up I think
I need to get in the players face is
obviously not in a bad way but I need to
get them fired up I think as a leader
what you need to do is you need to get
the team engage you need to get the
team's focus so if you guys see me
yelling a little more on the core I know
I didn't even think it was possible for
me to be yelling a little bit more but
if you see me screaming even more on the
core and getting in my teammates faces
I'm doing that to get them fired up I
think I need to work on that if I want
to call myself a leader if I want to be
a leader on the team not only do you
have to play good you know score and win
games but you got to get your teammates
mentally focused so again come on you
might see a lot of yelling today that's
going to be a lot of yelling at myself I
always yell at myself to try to get
myself fired up and I've also made a
plan in my head that I'm gonna get the
team motivated today I'm going to use my
voice and I'm gonna get the team engaged
I'm gonna get the team motivated and I'm
going to be yelling in their face I'm
gonna tell them do you want to win this
fucking game or not do you want to start
the season 1 and 3 do you want to lose 3
games in a row so play so I'm gonna get
this even gauge that's my plan that's my
goal for today Chris we're going to miss
you but we're going to need to win this
game without you
and like that monsters on right here I
love my fans so much I'd rather have my
shoes party on when I go inside and meet
the ball not I want to enjoy them to put
my shoes on
I don't want them to come up beyond like
oh my shoes off first and then I don't
not to meet all of them with no
distractions man love baby gotta love
them
Alvin no one I think we have three lost
all
petrissage he won the championship
oxygen and we seem to forget there we're
still the best team until somebody
brings a championship Wow how's your leg
good good just a little
and Rick
yeah
right
Oh
not for mr. okay why don't you Indiana
yeah
Oh
and
ha ha
get it come on Oh
Wow
you got this
ah
stop
and
Oh
Oh
let's go rob wow the whole team that's
all
oh hey guys so eight minutes less in
this first 17 to 21
I focus people
ah
I fucking hate dirty players bro I can't
stand dirty players those are the worst
you know I respect players who play hard
I respect players who play with heart
and passion hell I don't even care if
you trash talk people trash talk all the
time but the one thing I can't stand is
people who play dirty to injure other
fucking players I hate that and it
pisses me off so much because I have so
many friends that I've been seriously
injured because somebody was playing
dirty on the court and I don't respect
that at all if you see during this play
the guy I don't know he came up to me
and he likes he hugs me he fouled me
whatever I didn't say anything and then
after the rest blew the whistle for
those who don't know bath law when the
rest blows the whistle that means a play
is dead and everybody stops playing
after the rest blew the whistle he tries
to hack me from behind and then he
pushes me off with his other arm and I'm
not having that shit I don't care if you
play dirty that makes you a bitch so
that's what that guy was so I went up to
his face and then his teammate came up
to me he's I don't talk to my teammate
like that I said shut the fuck up bro
tell your teammate not to play dirty the
funniest thing is the dude who actually
did the dirty play who kept trying to
hit after the whistle bone he didn't say
a single word when I wanted to his face
not one word he waited till all the
teammates came then his teammates spoke
up for him bro what that's just that's
crazy I was dying laughing at that and I
just don't understand because he was
obviously mad and embarrassed I kept
going on and that's why he started
playing dirty
well if someone's going on you don't
play dirty you just got to play some
better fucking defense and who can't
play some better defense and you got to
get off the court don't start playing
dirty because someone keeps going on you
I respect players who play hard I
respect players who go after every loose
ball and dive on the floor shit I repeat
I don't even care I respect trash talker
that's cool but the second you play
dirty
the second you play to injure other
people that makes you a bitch and it's
not that hard to see why he did that if
you watched the past couple minutes of
the video my team went on a run I hit a
couple shots in his face a three-pointer
and a layup so I guess he just got mad
that I was scoring on him and broke I
wasn't talking shit to him I wasn't
looking at him in any way I wasn't
saying shit all I did was play that's
when I scored on him it's not my fault
he couldn't guard me that's not my fault
so so I guess he got embarrassed or
something or he was just mad that I was
scoring on him so he decided to do
something dirty again I don't mind the
foul
where he hugs me that's not the problem
the problem is after the whistle is
blown the play was dead everybody saw
playing he swats behind me and then
pushes me off with the other arm and I'm
not having that I don't care how much
bigger you are the me I don't care how
much weight you have on me if you're
playing dirty I'm not taking that shit
especially I would understand if I was
talking shit to him I would understand
if I was making fun of him but I
literally my mouth was closed the whole
time I didn't say shit to him all I did
was I scored on him a few times just got
somebody scores on you doesn't mean you
have to start playing dirty that means
you got to start playing better deep so
I guess he got embarrassed you got
butter that I started scoring on him a
couple of times and he decided to take
it out in a different way but watch this
watch how bad he flinched on this you
guys know when Matt Barnes went like
this to Kobe and Kobe didn't even move
this was the complete opposite this all
dude flinched so hard he almost broke
his damn ankles this this old dude
almost flipped so fucking hard he almost
tripped over don't see and fell over
face-first
I need famous lows 32 to come
investigate this one watch watch what's
coming up I was dying it was so funny
especially after they were talking shit
and playing dirty the fact that this
happened right after it is Instant Karma
I was dying
Oh over here his bigger teammate came up
to me he's like don't talk to my
teammate like that and I just said shut
the fuck up bro and he didn't say shit
after that you know touch somebody like
that
see guys you need a supportive
girlfriend I'm all ready for it
I don't hope for a fight but if you
touch my man he hits you that's
beautiful
Oh
oh please class
ah
okay wow really
that was a dumb call because it's travel
yeah
is being comfy
hey guys you have two minutes
it
Oh baby
Wow
wow that was far
oh good
get out
are you seeing you
ah
ah
you
Oh
come on you guys Oh oh my god
let's stop it
Oh
let's go
yeah
so over here after all dude pretty much
pokes Brian in the face he starts like
whispering under his breath he starts
complaining about the foul call I went
into mouths like bro are you really
complaining about a foul call after all
the calls you guys have gotten this game
and he shut up he didn't say she and I
was like stop playing dirty with my
brother after they called the foul when
he he literally slab Brian in the face
he starts whispering under his bed so
I'm like you're gonna talk shit say to
my face don't which run to your breath
ah
hi I am
ha
Oh
clack we got Tim okay I'll make sure
somebody can't I gotta make sure you
guys make the right calls offline
66 to 38
how many calls I had a snake
how many calls
this game can be $15
violets again lettuce
yes I have thought of a lot and proud la
colombiana
ah
every time for the foul are you going to
play geez every touch right Paul I saw
you get hit in the face like seven times
in every touch was a fella for her
alcohol will precipitate a production
yo guys Brandon here to close this video
really quick I just wanted to elaborate
on the whole little scuffle because a
lot of haters are going to be sitting
behind their keyboard and have some shit
to say because that's what haters are
they sit behind a keyboard and comments
random shit so before people say you
know oh stop trying to act tough
it's just immense Lee while you know why
are you trying to start a fight I did
not try to start anything in case you
did see I never threw an elbow
I never said shit before it happened but
if somebody's going to push you off and
kind of look at you down I'm sorry if
you don't approach them then then I
don't know that's on you but but if
someone is purposely trying to play
dirty and pushes me off like he's some
tough guy just because I scored on him
then I'm going to say something to his
face so no I wasn't trying to start a
fight that you tried to hurt me and push
me off with his other hand I could have
easily won it's women started a fight I
could either once when I saw him in the
face like you don't push somebody like
that but I kept my cool I kept my calm
because I don't need to do that and then
also later on when that dude like hit my
brother in the face okay
basketball to get here in the face
that's fun but don't complain after
whispering under your breath oh that
wasn't even a cell no bro you hit my
brother in his face that was a foul
and also if you're getting the benefit
of the doubt with the rest all game if
you're getting all the calls in your
favorite all game and then you get one
call for us then why are you complaining
you're still getting the all the calls
the whole game
don't complain after one call when
you've been getting favored by the rest
of all game I don't know guys either way
this team just pissed us off because we
hate dirty players my team we play hard
we play tough but we play fair we have
good sportsmanship somebody falls we run
over and pick them up somebody gets
injured we give them their time we help
them up this team they're playing dirty
trying to injure people we don't respect
that so I hope we face this team again I
hope and pray that we face this team
again in the playoffs because now we
don't respect them my team doesn't take
dirty plates from anybody that's how you
hurt somebody that's how you end
somebody's career that's how you
seriously hurt somebody and we don't
take that that's bullshit we don't play
basketball to hurt people
we play basketball to have fun and to
win games we don't step on the court to
injure other people that's not
basketball that's bullshit and I know
the other teams going to be watching
this I'm not speaking to a computer
screen I'm speaking to you guys my team
hopes to face you guys again I'm not
just sitting here talking to a camera
I'm talking to the opposing team because
I know you guys are going to be watching
it and you know you were playing dirty
you know you guys were getting placed in
the beginning that's how you started
playing dirty it's all good it's cool
that's cool you guys won the game
Congrats just hope we don't face you
guys again because it's not going to be
the same outcome for you guys oh and big
dude who try to play dirty and hit me
after the play next time if you do
something like that I think it would
look better if when I approach you that
you say something back to me and not
call your teammates to come say
something for example if you hit
somebody and they come to your face you
don't go hey mom dad he's talking shit
to me no you're the one that hit me so
you could say something to my face
anyways guys we lost the game I don't
you could blame the rest you can blame
whatever we still lost it happened we
lost we're one win and three losses now
it's not a good start to the season I
need to step it up my teammates need to
step it up and we just need to turn the
season around there's not much more to
say other than it's been a bad start
it's been really embarrassing especially
coming off winning a championship and
the season is almost halfway done so we
got to turn this thing around fast and
we'll see what happens next week anyways
thank you guys so much for watching this
video remember I don't advocate violence
I don't start the fighting and I don't
wish to fight but if somebody comes at
you a certain way then you got to do
what you got to do is that that's the
only way around it someone's going to
come push you and shove you just because
you scored on them not even cuz you talk
shit to them or because you hit them
first then you got to take matters into
your own hands
anyways belong squad I love you guys all
and thank you guys so much for watching
this video peace and every single thing
that I'm saying on camera right now I
said it to their face and they had no
answer so I don't want anybody saying oh
look at Brandon acting all tough behind
the camera but he won't say to their
face no every single word that came out
of my mouth now also came out of my
mouth when we were on that court and
nothing was said so I guess the team
likes to play very dirty a team like
that really likes to play dirty and
tries to injure people but when you
confront them about it they don't have
anything to say my team doesn't take
that we don't go out there to try to get
hurt we don't go out there to hurt other
people we go out there to play
and if you're not playing to play that
song you're playing to injure other
people you can set the fuck off the core
because we don't appreciate that
