what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka for water and today I'm here with my
lovely cousin Gilbert and actually his
wife is filming so made some community
looks a little like you know what do you
think about Gilbert it's a pretty good
oh thank you so what we're going to be
doing today let me open up the back pass
this to other people may just look like
a Louie d backpack but there's actually
a backpack of dead okay so in this
backpack
we have crickets anchovies shrimp
grasshoppers these are the worst trust
me we would know mealworms and we have
some money so we're actually about to
head over to the vault and what we're
going to do there is 14 sloths on this
wheel and two o'clock we're going to
have $100 and on the rest of the cloth
we're going to have butter so we're
going to go to people and ask them we're
going to offer them hey you want a
chance to win 100 bucks but that comes
the risk obviously you guys know what a
gameshow it you can't just automatically
win to ask your risk with a bang show so
it only makes sense for the two green
ones to be money so we'll have $100 here
that you're going to hate me credit so
I'll just rat you out my dad was thing
just sold one $100 one just took one and
I was like you know my dad I think we'll
be generous we'll put two so there's
more chance for people to win I think
we'll have one rupee so we have people
two chances to win 100 bucks and they
also have one chance to reach Vince if
you don't land on one of those three one
of these you're going to have to eat it
I hope you guys enjoy I think this is
gonna be really fun to record it's going
to be really funny to watch whether
people win a hundred bucks or whether
they have to eat the bug I think it's
going to be cool to see people's
reactions we want everybody to win okay
actually I'm not gonna lie I don't want
people to win but you know a game show
we want you to wait come on guys let's
do it a hundred bucks I don't want
people to win but if they race we're
prepared we're ready so without further
ado we're going to fill this wheel up
and we're gonna head over to the mall I
hope you guys go directly to you
okay guys for people wondering what
happened to my finger again I know I'm
so injury prone it seems like I was just
messing around playing basketball
outside just for fun nothing serious
right when it was healing I redeemed it
I jammed it again this thing is really
annoying so I'm actually going to end up
taking it off and whatever it is what it
is injuries happiness basketball and we
got a game tomorrow yes we do we got our
game tomorrow I'll be ready don't worry
guys I think I have just walked around
the mall with a real
Hey hopefully these bugs don't make
anybody sick
to contestant number one and he's
actually a big fan of my videos Willie
we bet he's down to spin the wheel so
Willie you have a chance a hundred eyes
or a blood whatever you like
please don't get a victim not hungry
given an initiative dream
I bought this backpack I haven't
worldwide so let's go the ball and this
is what I end up using for the carries a
club river spring coming head of
anything so just good night thanks for
watching my videos and take it like a
champ on the friends hey we got
contestant number two person game Joe
Daniels
I will not avoid but see what happens
please no hundred feet
in recent we've been a sauce
come on what kind of shoes should I get
there's a pull-off in life
but do you think against - what is it
are all hopefully not the money supply
exactly
it's like panic casino if I cap unch so
you don't lose your money so you don't
be anything but you don't waste like a
post high polish okay guys so we got
Mitchell here who's going to spin the
wheel let's see if he can hear a second
one two dollar winners happy ready
slowing down
just like that
returned any learning so we can't be
recording in the womb what about
education there's a real father
yeah
Gilbert okay guys so we actually ended
up getting in trouble for recording at
the mall I guess it's they called it
what did they say
Oh what did they call they said private
property even though it's called
yeah hundred dollar winner did you spend
it yet technically we're not allowed to
be recording but we already gave away
two hundred dollar winners we're going
to try to see if we could set this up
out of store they said if it's inside of
a store and you're in the back you're
not in the public then you can do a
shout out to comics and stuff for
letting us set the wheel up in here
because we were getting denied by all
the stores comics and stuff and if
anybody needs you know comics or stuff
then you guys know there's a place to go
what is this place your one-stop shop
for comics and what and stuff anything
stuff okay now let's continue the video
let's see if people want to win some
money or get really sick from eating
dead bugs okay guys so we got Michael
here who's actually support on my video
so I appreciate that
whenever you're ready to spin the big
grasshoppers well I'm gonna take off
running ha ha
oh three people one we've only done it
for like functioning getting lighter my
phone broke yesterday and I gotta go buy
brand new iPhone slightly I'm going for
a good con so go buy a new phone $100
you want to go buy like a laser Motorola
RAZR like Casa de next contestant would
be really go Miguel Miguel do wait up
cash because I'm running with a fourth
winner okay whenever you're ready you're
too
so what is Ryan do to this wheel before
I left I think Ryan put an Agni on the
green oh come on age everyone's taking
my money left and right come on in
wait Tyler you're one sick nothing to do
with anyone okay guys we have mourning
here
I know if she gets the bus you're going
to try to rust on the stand right here
and you guys spin it whenever you're
ready see okay that's a strong spin he's
trying to show that she could push me
out the way either one
the size of numerous at the fan favorite
I want you to get it from you yesterday
and she has a tapers do you okay no
rubella don't smell it
dumping from Pentos does that make them
more appealing
what have you don't don't talk to any
guys after you
it's good honestly long hide he ain't up
to it no good trusting it's good it
looked that I am today that's too much
something Amy on football he's actually
a very said I'd be in everything on the
wheel before bottling this should be few
bad for a new Alex whenever you're ready
but someone else would Honda
beside that it's not a lot of buzz about
how to bike thing we've got four winners
love how many you're like to give you
something I don't know oh yeah they made
a deal so Justin's going to spin it
give him they win a hundred bucks then
they're going to split 50-50 but just
against a bunch and Courtney's going to
have to eat
I never knew we go with specific bags
because without the video very favourite
yeah the batboat videos are favored he
said but that could be there's no more
place so no buzzer-beaters right now
yeah nobody so we got joy to your gorge
whenever you're ready jesus take the
wheel
I'm so scared I'm more scared than you
Spray rim symptom for flood we should
give another option for us to like cook
in season a like lemon and butter
how many Korean barbecue here look she
said I could feed him however many I
want but I'll be nice just two little
shrimp well there's no I want you to go
before the club bad smells it looks
about bad
okay only ate it you're waiting for the
kill
who's that take back the in-depth detail
how bad
okay guys we got alia here who's ready
to spin the wheel let me just say when
the wheels spinning you would expect
them to be scared so they don't want to
eat the bug I'm more scared than than to
pay off 100 bucks
so what is your opinion say let's see
she got your six winner of the day all
you got to do it I'll do a stronger
okay I'll get okay I'll give her a
second chance to do a congressman and
Savior from Angela one more one more
Oh Larry Tauber let's see how good of an
uncle uncle would you want to eat the
grasshopper instead of holy oh what a
good uncle not to put him on the spot eh
I'll let you think like yeah I try not
to let them see the grasshopper comes
over big oh that's Nell whoa we want the
crime we want the crime take the easy
way out
luck
oh yes see how good of a neat Thalia
Thalia would you eat this for your uncle
lop I want to Emily love yes
family lo I'm glad you got take some
cake all the crunch like that and to
take them off with you take the hopper
off get the car out
we're already more puffing than the
prices right which is a game show
look at the look at the crowd please
okay whenever he's ready
the anticipation is so quiet in here
you want one oh my god
if you want a mealworm yeah my city also
games on I want to do the crime that's
my favorite part
don't sell it the hospitals are going to
be packed tonight
well you know it's snowing and it's not
that this is like the price is right we
bang goes down
shrimp and I feel so bad if people watch
my videos and now here I am intakes okay
semantic - so pretty
Oh daddy wants more but I think and all
the hospitals to get it because a lot of
all it's not that this generation is
strong it's not bad for them what we're
gonna go yeah
100 bucks away for nothing no I want to
spin the wheel action I wanna get in on
the wheel
on your books you ever had a winner in a
long time field is refreshing to finally
give I'm just joking it doesn't play
fair yeah enjoy it okay thank you I'm
use over to act like how many pictures
you have a fine
now you have more Ally okay we'll let
her go
I think they made a little plan in the
bag of how to spitting grasshoppers I
feel bad - she's a really loyal
supporter we've taken like six pictures
in our marriage so many times
Erica right here Erica play so why does
the artists go to tackle for food the
laundry doesn't take pageants go to take
Oh what are you spending your money
elegance independent out oh she got a
huge was
videos guys
high five man any custom to go whenever
your own oh you got I just finished
they're trying to calculate how many
click and first one we've never had
anyone try so we don't know maybe this
one's a bad one out of with the door I
love you but everyone keeps saying
everything tastes good so I'm hoping
this one tastes bad
no offense I mean to your reaction quick
these ones actually have eyes so maybe
these are the bad ones one out of time
this wasn't that is the best okay so
this is all you want the eyes I get you
yeah who's up okay we got one more
contestant
I'm Halo have you ready oh wow that's
Harper you can make this interesting by
juicing downing the whole taking a swig
of grasshoppers and I get it sounded
joking
I don't even know I'm just joking don't
do this yeah everything everything in
there oh shoot what will help Ricky I
sure she's alright you little guy oh no
guys okay
all the crunch from the double crunch it
was a for sure that was weird
all I'm like I definitely outside they
don't need to make their dessert okay
guys Davey here was not enough to buy me
one of these and she named him Bosley I
kind of forced her to name a Bosley but
she gave to me so thanks
and then you take a picture thank you
all we should add this to the eating
this is hey guys yep online Ayanna
they're both really terrified but we're
going to let them finish together so we
got to be together as we know what
everyone
Oh dad tried to avoid the crunch reach
into the bag of them
yeah I know not too bad not too bad okay
hold on photo thumbnail city was bad
because you're scared for nothing let's
see here yes welcome
oh this isn't even bad how many you guys
so easy something nice yes my screams
how many to get the worst thing for next
to the relation guys shout out to David
you just right above a shirt just
awesome
I feel bad she bought me she bought me
the stuffed animal thank you oh my god I
think I paid her to make up for my hand
robbed my handwriting's terrible
and so
maybe just a rice and waffles before he
came slow is it like the right on top of
the waffle with syrup yeah I think
that's worse than Angela yeah you said
it has the eyeball
so I've been giving away money for
nothing today everybody said they taste
it or they don't taste like anything
completely freaking last contestant of
the day without Carlos and Carlos
whenever you're ready in the wheel let's
see if we could pay out one last hundred
dollars Oh close
cricket okay what do you think of
cricket before you eat it I use in
Mexico so to do with Chile mom and say
put them yeah this is a flavor and I
mean this is myself alright song alright
thank you very much I appreciate them
hey guys to give you a little example we
have everything written down now and I'm
going to do one just trying to gamble
and if it lands on one of you guys gonna
have to eat it so please $100 please and
go read out the papers on my beautiful
hands on it which is not going go
Berkeley not creepy anything out ready
to shrimp or the freaking high five
it is Dean is the other way is the rule
the rule of what where's the paper it's
only funny because right before you spun
the Willing because the quickest of the
one guys good don't you feel bad for me
yeah that's okay okay who's this hunter
the stomach is is different does for
reptiles birds and tropical fish solo
menagerie I have the know that a toucan
so I'm a burden Gilbert why don't you do
this to me I hate you been touching it
okay guys
three two one I have a crust
Oh always please are there's no battery
the trash disclaimer the crickets get
stuck in your teeth and it makes you
sweat and cry for everybody haha oh my
god I'm never using that cactus yeah I
don't think you should make um I'm very
sorry I
I Spit on that time scintilla guys
Gilbert's walking the questions really
scary and mean - okay are we ready to go
yeah
coughing have you rid of Walter Jackson
I'll wait with it you can't hold the
table that's all that's where the mic is
yeah but if you've been holding for
example time I was going to show you
yeah I may pull the bug like humming
that's life
Oh God you're about to eat a shrimp
we never good for a thumbnail why should
what yeah
more Susan's her hand is in her way
right yeah this would be good I really
hope you guys enjoyed that type of video
a lot of the videos I do usually take
place right here inside my house so I
wanted to try something different I
wanted to go out and do something public
and also good people a chance to win
some money so I hope you guys enjoyed
this type of video if you guys did then
I definitely will look forward to doing
some more of these videos anyways I
really do hope you guys enjoy thank you
so much for watching this video bruh wat
squad I love you guys all we gave away a
total $600 and all the little up says
that people didn't think the bugs tasted
gross I mean what nastier can you get
than eating grasshoppers and crickets
and mealworms I don't know I thought
that was a bad punishment but I guess
now people are crazy these days but we
got a game later tonight so I gotta go
get ready for the game and hopefully we
pull out the victory tonight anyways but
what squad I love you guys all and thank
you so much for watching this video
