two three four two three four
oh look hey guys I didn't know the
camera was right there what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka for what
explain I feel unproportional can you
please get Alyssa - sorry guys time out
it feels weird that I only stress the
right side not the left hey boy okay
guys what is going on - guys Brandon
here aka Emma Wallace and you guys are
wondering hey Brandon it's not choosing
why are you getting stretched out why
are you wearing your Devin Booker shirt
why are you wearing your basketball
songs well I was actually myself the
same question this morning when my
teammate critics texted me and he told
me that so I have to sit down cuz in
exercise yeah for those who thing that a
chance to watch my last basketball video
Chris was my teammate he got injured in
our last game and he tore his calf
muscles which is obviously really sad
not just from a basketball - employee
but that's my first cousin you never
want to see one of your family members
hi Rachel I felt really bad and you know
we talked a little um he told me that he
actually plays in a separate basketball
league on Thursday so we have our games
on Tuesdays and he plays on Thursday and
he told me he's like you know what I'm
not going to be able to play table
viously and I'm choosing you I'm asking
you if you can take my fall on the team
and you know I felt honored all like
Chris yes of course thank you so much
for the opportunity
I know Jackie is going to kill you I
love that ball I can't turn down this
opportunity because I don't know anybody
on the team I don't know who I'm playing
with I don't know like anything about
this all I know is that me and Chris
spoke this morning
so I had no idea I was playing like I
said you guys weren't expecting a
basketball video
heck I wasn't even expecting a
basketball video I was at the gym
playing basketball I didn't even know I
was going to have a game tonight I was
just playing playing I didn't know I had
a game later on so I was going hard I
played well now i play five games
but I don't yeah I'm ready I want to win
this game so bad for Chris and Chris did
tell me one thing though he said that
this league is much much tougher than
the league we playing on Tuesdays he
says the one on Thursday everybody's
bigger everybody's more skilled and it's
a higher division than the one we play
on but I'm ready
I never shied down from a challenge do I
expect it to be harder than what we plan
on Tuesday's yeah of course I don't
expect myself to go out there and score
thirty but I love challenging I love
when something big is put out in front
of me so when Chris told me you know Oh
watch out this division is much harder
this team's out there playing is you
know much bigger and much tougher a lot
of people would say oh damn I don't want
to play anymore
before a lot of people would be scared
but me I like to step up to the plate I
like challenges so we'll see who knows
I'm gonna go find out right now and my
legs are dead because of you now yet
wait can you show them your slippers
guys look at Jackie look at Jackie
slippers how extra and petty thank you
if this doesn't scream princess look
okay show them your nails wait oh my
gosh I just thought about you're such a
princess today
pink toenail or wait not toenails unless
you want those rear toe nails pink nails
pink toenails and these oh my gosh your
yeah for sure
princess look diva look and you look hot
like this thank you you could pull it
off you look super hot which is why the
that is super messy and the blankets
super messy and this shouldn't have
happened before my game because now I'm
out of energy no more testosterone and
if I look really tired out there I blame
you what did I tell you no this is the
devil we were laying in bed just
watching the basketball game watching
the NFL Draft and I told her no I said
no and before you know it five minutes
later I said no - you know what so Chris
for one I hope you feel better because I
don't like seeing you hurt and thank you
for you know asking me for this
opportunity I appreciate it and I'm
gonna try not to disappoint you
I'm gonna try to bring you home with a
victory tonight buzz out we're about to
go play Bosley God did anyone really
think that I was going to turn down the
opportunity to go play a game dad when
Chris asked me to take a spot did anyone
think I would have said no I would never
turn down an opportunity to play
basketball are you going to come to the
game or stay cool
love thanks dad guys we're not going to
do a prediction time because like I said
I have no idea the team we're facing I
have no idea which players are in this
league yeah I'm going right now if you
want to come you could come closer let
Brian plug I hope you have a friend to
hit up to do that video with you because
I'm out I'm out right yeah
then in an inning inning inning inning
inning inning inning inning in an
intercessor oh oh oh the dollar the
golden dollar your showcase you're going
to the showcase did anyone really think
that I would have said oh no thanks
Chris no I would never turn down an
opportunity to play basketball so I
don't care six division is a higher
Division I don't care
I don't know anybody on the team I don't
care about anything I would never turn
down an opportunity to play basketball I
just love the sport so when Chris asked
me to play my eyes lit up I was like yes
2/4 Chris I can't wait when I woke up
this morning I had no idea that I was
going to be playing in a basketball game
today but I'm super stoked and excited
but I'm just surprised to see a
basketball video today as you guys are
guys the game starts in like 20 or 30
minutes I found out so last minute when
I round Tuesdays I don't substitute out
of the game I played the whole game I
haven't sat out from a game in like two
years not even one second of rest but
today it's their team I'm not the one
who paid for the spot I'm not the one
who started the team so I'm going to
tell them yo I'm a team player if you
guys want me to start all-star if you
guys want me to come off the bench I'll
come off the bench when every sheet I
was longing to read you could take me
out I don't mind one one thing is for
sure we want to win this game from
pretty injured
Torres calf muscle I feel bad Chris I
want to win this game for you we I don't
know about the rest of your teammates
but I'm hoping they want to win this
game for Duke like you told me in the
morning I know it's not going to be easy
he said this division is very tough and
really strong I'm up for the challenge I
can't wait to see more playing so hey
I'd love to play the whole game don't
get me wrong I would love it I get to
step on the court play the long tiring
games I don't know how they run their
team I don't know how they do
we go what's happening man
presence it matters person we out here
oh my gosh I spotted it
you brought a Pepsi for you oh my gosh
why are you out of energy to get out of
you said I took all the energy out of
her I took all the energy out of you you
took all the energy out of me except the
only difference is I have to play in a
basketball game you look like a princess
like a diva guys she really wore those
in public I didn't know you're really
going to wear them but I'm ready and I'm
hyped this one's for Chris Oh loves that
stuff hey that's a long wait for Chris
grant listen Chris we're gonna have a
big game
tonight he said tougher competition but
we'll win their soul for three that's
all we're saying hey
you're doing great baby
why do I have such an annoying voice
dear God
being able edgy
Baban
yeah babe
Wow okay guys so ten minutes left in the
first 14 to 14
oh okay wrong
Brendan's looking like next he looks so
good I just can't help but be obsessed
and all yours is obsessed with so many
cuz they look so good
and I'm lucky
oh no you sitting out oh just so we're
looking at him sitting back
oh saying it okay so we're 15 to 18
right now
no you guys I hate sitting next to
people o'clock for the enemy's summer
season on the bench is so weird
look at Handclap
hey guys so we have four minutes left in
the first of 26 - 20
you got this
so we're 33 to 24 are you guys caring
for Brandon yeah
hey guys so we're 35:29
Kanaka babe there you go you see that's
why nobody listens to me
Wow
damnit
nah
okay handed to babe let's do it oh okay
okay so we're 40 40 38 40 minutes left
it's very very empty in here very cool
but I still put up some basics
I think his number is zero claim might
be Brendan Brendan or wadis I was easy
because I remember thanks to talk about
let's go
I really really wore pink slippers with
like ripe code and my mouth
I look so Mooji I don't even know that
that actually means what I am that
oh okay
forget oh there you go hey guys 444 3/4
teaspoon so we're two points away
okay
Oh
Oh
there's 46 and 42 so we have time we
have 10 minutes okay let's get it
good shot
Sam
Oh
okay babe nine minutes left
let's go crunch time oh my god let's go
crunch time oh my god that's how some
sushi
dang it
damnit
okay babe
go back
well we Nina bro artist takes over
because I was probably so tired of
appreciate
you
good pasta
hey guys let's just agree to succeed -
with two minutes left
love it
Wow I feel like they haven't called a
foul for him whole game but man my toes
are frozen off
Wow
you guys things like this when you just
watching your men play basketball and
like do you really think about like wow
you know like this man changed my life
and I'm so happy and lucky like little
things you know like I don't need to go
on a date to feel like I'm appreciated I
just admired the presence of God they be
you think I know he's mad but
damnit we only have like five more
minutes baby
the reference to the bathroom
that's Brandon's favorite rs4 what we do
not know
hiss and we lost sadly or the close game
the other team was tough they played
good D they were really big they were
fast
I scored 22 points I led the team but
like I always say if we lose I don't
care how many points I scored we lost so
I wish we got the win I was pretty upset
but Brandon decides that's a good idea
though and say that you cannot play
another game for the next game you see
the opposing teams even show up so I'm
going to stay and play for the opposing
team literally no rest no place offered
in store we lost the first game so I get
I guess I get a chance to redeem myself
against somebody else
well at least I'm already warmed up how
do I stay warm Oh actually I'm a little
more than warmed up oh well I love
basketball so then I'm playing for
everybody I'm like those NBA vets I just
hopped from team to team to team yo guys
really quick to end this video I just
want to talk about that game I'm really
upset we couldn't win that game because
I wanted to win for Chris I was talking
to Chris before the game and I was like
Chris we're gonna win this game for you
don't worry and it was close but the
other team was just too good they were
big they were fast I tried my best I had
22 points I think I had like four
three-pointers and you know my teammates
out there played good but we just felt
too sure the other team put up like 70
points so Chris we tried I feel really
bad but hopefully next time and let me
just say that the game after I was dead
I was freaking with pouring sweat it was
like I jumped into a river but I'll get
that video uploaded for you guys on a
different day if I uploaded two
basketball games in one video that video
would be playing way too long but of
course you guys know me I did stay and
play the second game of course so that
videos gonna be uploaded for you guys on
a different day let me just say that I
scored more than 22 points even though I
was tired I scored even more and lastly
to end this video I'm not going to get
too much into it because I'm making a
whole video for Brian tomorrow but I
just want to give a quick
congratulations to my brother 5 million
subscribers that is so crazy
I was with him when he hit it in and I
felt the excitement for him I felt the
joy for him I'm so happy for my brother
5 million people have hit that subscribe
button that's just an insanely high
number and that's something that my
brother should be extremely proud
that's a huge accomplishment words
cannot explain how proud I am of Brian
because I don't know that's crazy I
don't think I'm ever going to hit five
mil ever so all I can do is look up to
my brother and just congratulate him and
give him a pat on the back because this
is Brian when you watch this that's
crazy that's insane
five million people are stuff to you
just think about that Brian you are one
of the biggest youtubers on earth so
congratulations Brian huge
accomplishment and I want you to
celebrate today however you want to
celebrate it's your day so go do it I
also want to give a huge shout out to my
mom and dad because Brian wasn't the
only one in this family who hit a
milestone
my mom and dad surpassed 500 thousand
subscribers yesterday and the reason I
say my mom and dad even though the
channel is called mamma rug is because
my dad helps out for that channel so
much so in my opinion it's called mamma
rug but they both deserve the credit
that they get it's just five hundred
thousand subscribers from my parents
that's crazy mom dad congratulations
and don't let anybody tell you oh you
got all yourselves from Burr Wallace and
phasers because trust me yeah me and
Brian gave you guys a huge boost we gave
you guys a huge shout out but if you
guys weren't uploading videos and if you
guys want to putting out content that
people like then Pete all those people
wouldn't subscribe to you yeah me and
Brian help but you're telling me that if
you only got the shout out from me and
Brian and you guys never uploaded videos
that you would have 500k know you guys
got help from me and Brian but the
reason you guys have 500k and because
you guys also put in the work you guys
also film and you guys also give the
audience what they want to see so don't
ever let anybody tell you that you got
all yourselves from me and Brian because
you guys also work for those so mom dad
congratulations and one last special
shout-out to Chris Chris I hope you're
doing better and I hope you feel a lot
better already because we're going to
need you for our team on Tuesday
whenever you get healthy we need you
Chris anyway guys thank you so much for
watching this video I apologize for not
winning that game I really wanted to win
it and then the second game will be up
on a different day I'm not sure which
day yet but I'll be up one day soon
thank you so much for watching this
video guys I love you guys I love each
and every single one of you guys all
trust me
