what is going on what is going on you
guys went in here aka for water and
today I'm here with my beautiful
girlfriend aah oh my god so much I know
I'm hoarding but anyway got for
everybody who falls me on snapchat I'm
sure you guys saw the snapchat and for
those who don't follow me on snapchat
I'm going to leave my snap code right
here or here if you guys want to give
you a follow I appreciate that
but for everybody who follows me on
snapchat I'm sure you guys saw yesterday
that I played in a surprise basketball
game and I was planning on uploading
that today but then I remembered
pretty soon interact with my cousin
Jessica 22nd birthday it is almost
midnight and Jessica turns 22 so I felt
like out of respect I'll upload my
basketball videos tomorrow and today me
and Jackie are actually gonna surprise
my cousin Jessica for her 22nd birthday
so don't worry all the snapchat squad
you'll still get the video it was
supposed to be today but me and Jackie
we love justice so I want to surprise
you today so you'll be getting the
basketball videos tomorrow and Jessica
when you watch this I love you
hash it out out happy birthday Jess
you're getting old 22
Jessica everybody knows that's my
favorite cousin me and her we grew up
together we're the same age same grade
and we grew up going to the same school
we were best friends our whole life
everybody at school what things that me
and Jessica were twins I love you we're
doing this for you
Jackie loves you guys it's like a
joystick like you know the old games
they didn't have a controller they have
a diamond-accent
okay so our cake and then yeah we have
about 30 minutes
it's 11:30 p.m. Jessica you turns 22 at
midnight she 22 years old I'm 21 just
got 2 months older than me I remember
when we were younger Jessica would
always brag Oh two months older than you
how does it feel now chance you're
getting old I remember what Jessica
would turn 13 and 14 she'd be like all
older than you how about analogy ask you
all the grandma but anyways we need to
hit the run we're going to go to bond
Jess you have no idea we're coming but
we can't wait to see you
peace any last words for Jess or not
last words but
I love you and say sorry for getting her
possessed was Brian possessed he's over
here spinning the wheel of death on its
own at almost midnight Brian I thought
it was a rattlesnake when I first heard
it I was like fuck that I don't want to
spoil tomorrow's video whether we won or
lost but let me just say you don't want
to miss it it was a really good game
crazy game
oh look who decided to be nice and drive
this son Jackie you know I know guys
Jackie actually always offers to drive
and I'm just like nah it's good I'll
Drive
we already got gift number one for
Jessica Jess I think this is going to be
your favorite one I think you're going
to enjoyed this one more than the
flowers in the cake of course Jessica
you alcoholic just joking guys but who
doesn't like a little bit of champagne
for me and my mom guys Jessica loves
Jackie Jessica and Jackie are like best
friends
hey she's mine you're mine I'm talking
to Jess Jess when you watch this
Jackie's mine don't think about taking
her you've been stealing her a lot from
you recently I actually was time to get
ready to do this earlier but then he has
to please leave it was a really good
game I'm happy that I said we were
supposed to go to bonds and do this
earlier however I had to go play in that
surprise game so
he has a plug a bug is a bug oh my god
we're not the only people on earth with
a bug wait oh my god wait I should ask
if it's a girl so body could smash
I feel bad bothers a virgin this
champagne is from Jackie and her mom
also shout out to my mom she's in Vegas
right now
yeah her early birthday gift she's in a
champagne bottle yeah she said fuck if
I'm buying so much champagne I'm going
to Vegas yeah this is for Jackie's mom
you really think that you were going to
have a full champagne bottle in the car
and it was going to go to jet without me
drinking it oh my god look look ugly
judge Oh King it's close but yes this is
gonna be empty by the time it gets to
your house so don't get your hopes up
okay I'm just taking guys I'm not may be
with Jess but not by myself look at me
in the camera s.o.s please someone
helped me do you know that song babe if
you don't know this song I'm about to
break up with you right now listen do
you know the song s.o.s please somebody
help me that's when she gets really into
it yes please somebody help me that's
what she gets really into it okay who
would you buy there's a testing okay
fine you know it
okay guys so Jackie's trippin because
she said Kay baby is $4.99 I said Oh for
the whole thing that's not bad she said
no for one so jess you're not getting
any balloons they say you can't put a
price on a gift for somebody you love
but I beg to differ
let's just let's look around I don't
know where's the dollar section oh my
god okay get me back
Hey ouch that's what how are you
thinking yeah wait that was a POV I want
the full view
hey why it's so hard I know I don't like
this I never wanted that's one thing
that I've told Brandon ever since we
started dating he doesn't think that
he's strong because they like oh I'm so
skinny but literally one little top like
this I've never winded up in spottier
but unless we're like in bed you just
wind it up it's left
ha how do you say this in Spanish Carlos
on oh never mind then my 3 years of
Spanish in high school were a waste I
caved in guys you know guys it just hit
me like I thought about it and you
really can't put a price on a gift for
somebody you love you know that's just
always been my mindset come on let's go
get our cake oh let me guess it's a cake
gonna be like 40 dollars shit oh my god
wait babe look what this crust is called
guys it's called babu la mom what does
the Buddha mean no I just
that means penis in my language look
read it so Bruno Oh microwave honey send
us snacks out to Anthony hold on oh my
god Anthony's gonna die Anthony look Bob
bula-bula pizza crusts I'm sure you
would eat that Anthony's guys whenever I
buy a cake for someone's birthday I get
the one that I like because if we're
being honest I'm gonna eat half the cake
before I give it to Jess so I might as
well get something I like am I the worst
gift giver
Jackie's the best at gifts and surprise
it and then you have me who is literally
the humble evil Bad Santa
Jackie is literally the Santa that
everybody loves when it comes to
birthdays and Christmas and
anniversaries nobody does it better than
Jackie to be honest when I really yeah I
do show out for people I love that
that's why I Jessica this is just a
little surprise but off camera I'm gonna
get Jessica something really nice for
people that I love and I care for I do
show out for their birthday don't worry
but I don't feel the need to show all on
camera because then people would think
you're showing off or you're bragging so
we'll get this little surprise for Jess
this is a tease like a preview oh Jesus
she doesn't need a 9 pound cake she's
getting a little belly anyways haven't
she's noticed ooh look at red velvet
please okay she has to decide between
red velvet or this one this looks good
too what's it called the Boston Tea
Party a Boston cream cake fudge bitch
look it's called Boston cream cake fudge
bitch most Boston cream cake fudge bitch
oh no it says 8-inch
he says 8-inch like me I'm satisfied
with eight inches honestly that's not
that oh my god I'm so dumb there's a
Dollar Tree literally down the street
and I went to Vaughn's dollar trees
clothes fine that makes me feel better
just hit the red light we need to go see
Jess okay I'm just joking I'm just
joking don't really oh my god who gave
this man her license woman Jess we're
coming sorry the red lights are saunas
but we got the cake we got the balloon
we got the champagne I was earning at
the glasses you sure you're not hoping
guys I say that I'm getting just got a
nice gift off camera imagine what
Jackie's gonna get it she lives for
birthdays I don't know what it is inside
of her I think it's a Hispanic inside of
you even for my mom for me for Brian for
one of my cousins Jackie and her
families they go all out so Jessica this
is just the beginning for you ever since
I started dating Jackie little did I
know she has the greatest gifts on earth
I'm not gonna lie shout out to Jackie my
girlfriend we're coming Jess
we are coming she doesn't know we're
coming
imagine she's asleep now she's awake
right she never sleeps securly imagine
the first time Jessica ever sleeps this
early tonight I'll be a bummer but we
are coming Jess
okay we're blinging Jessica's hotline
and I know in the hotline bling' Jax you
pitch rig hey do not call my cousin
that's rude yeah Jess I called her an
eighthinch like the cake I'm not a big
liar and I'm playing
yes I'm gonna egg your car for your
birthday fuck me bitch don't kiss me
come now guys I wasn't saying that to
Jess let's a song fuck me bitch don't
kiss me I know it's about Sam oh god
I'll not saying to Jessica by the way
it's just a song I was singing okay wait
let's get ready we need to go cool oh my
god I forgot about Luna no no no no no
no we cannot go inside hold on Jessica
needs to come and get her gift guys I
forgot that jessica has a wild animal
living in this residence so um I don't
enter her home anymore
isn't that crazy I used to always go to
Jessica's house but after they got their
crazy
cat who loves to scratch people I don't
go in anymore it's a lion
it's very emotional they obviously I'm
dysfunctional when they have a wild
animal
oh no the garage is opening Oh No Jess
wait put put the animal away please
where is she
come on I miss your house I want to go
inside but I'm scared of the animal
happy birthday Jess happy things 22nd
Jess you're getting old
you're getting old and quickly where
where you going up in the faux hair hang
back we came to bring Jessica balloons
oh yeah sorry
some like Jess I'm filming oh my god you
have light not with this dude
I needed a video for tomorrow so that's
only reason is guys we're breaking the
sad news to Jessica Jess the reason
we're here isn't because we wanted to
surprise you it's because I needed a
video for tomorrow
Jessica it's called a Boston Tea Party
bitch look what it's called it's called
bitch I swear read it read it it's
called a Boston cream pie bitch exactly
look yeah cause dude wait focus focus
poking Lucas oh my knees I played so
much muffled in a Boston cream cake
fudge bitch Jess guys I wish me and
Jackie contain a genuine surprise but
this was more of a I don't have a video
for tomorrow what can we do oh let's go
surprise Jess now I got a video I'm just
joking Jess this was a genuine surprise
I need to give my speech with Jess okay
yeah
okay guys wait Jenna okay fine she
doesn't want her face to new tastes up
they just wipe a cake on your face just
please my back hurts really god I played
a lot about fault see someone and tell
them that because she's hiding her face
okay guys so Jessica I want you to tell
about growing up you know your time for
that is very scary but I love it Jessica
would always brag about being too much
little that she would always be like she
would always be like once she was when
she would turn when the auto-ship like
oh I'm older than you're holding
how does feel now you old grandma what
is old if you don't want to be too much
over now just get into it to get me
fuckin yet oh man
just go please well party well can you
bounce and everything hurts right now
growing up can you Jessica stain gray
same age why you not saying about what
we make the same deal everything we do
have any classes together is what we got
our schedule we have no classes together
we march to the princess I was already
handed news yeah and we said hey can we
get classes together and they're like um
no lo que get off you gonna drink with
your cousin and I just about all even
people think we're brother and sister
and all we were twins I don't know music
oh my god we think in a copy of the race
yet again I launched together to the
media to lunches but ironing out we just
as late okay so judge this was five
dollars because Dollar Tree was closed
on you Dollar Tree I could've got five
of these that dollars that you Kristen I
could have got five each asked my rabbi
eleven cakes at Dollar Tree for the web
indoors I don't convey some cake a
dollar to accuse me how much Dave that's
from Jackie and Jackie long yeah who
does that go bang Luna she's underneath
but I want to see her she's are you
kidding me yeah alright fine if you
insist we don't happen to you I really
didn't want to see you guys for anybody
wondering I really did but if just going
says okay guys so be it bride was here
so nicely on the ghost turns the light
off okay it was good today
I'm just asking only a nice day I'm
gonna cuz it's not bein great hey I was
just joking about not having a video
idea by the way me and Jackie well maybe
I didn't meet someplace but yeah Jackie
genuinely wanted to surprise yeah so
like I said is my favorite cousin after
like you know Mandy animator who Mandy
out of anyway this is like I said my
best friend growing up I had no the
friends I have to rely on Jessica why
cuz we were just best friends we were
best friends we did everything
yes Marcy call you points
they make a hot pocket what's in the hot
pocket when I was so skinny
we're we just little hot pockets with
the middle of it learning to be a frozen
egg oh my god about fucking creamer yeah
oh sorry sorry I don't know any I'm
going to knock you stock Jess what do
you think of the surprise thank you well
yeah what did you do okay anything it is
your favorite I'm for sure a bottle I
already know I can't see in all of you
I'll take on the cake in the zoo okay
way suppose Julian wanted to be here
first ones to see you on your birthday
and it officially midnight gentleman's
officially 22 I don't know about you
absolutely everything will be a sing it
kissing those cute dance in a polka
music I come here for the first time in
so long I haven't seen Mike
mytechmethods are dead I haven't seen
technically so long and the first thing
that happens I get yelled at for being
too loud of course of course yeah
Jessica we need to run outta here yeah
I'm scared here that I need to go I'm
super sick I need to go take some nice
little dirty so let's start off on
Thursday get your mother okay bye guys
just late say bye say bye just bye thank
you thank you you're welcome you're
welcome a Luna Luna come here Luna come
on Luna bitch oh my god fuck Jess guy
just got news that Amanda's here I love
having a duck the door is opening don't
let Luna hear me your dad just yelled at
me sheesh your dad just yelled I mean
what do you mean to laugh I literally
I'm going to my room I'm going to make
it stop my midnight snack a little the
other than your cereal wasn't good
enough she added on but see what man is
up to look Jesus a yogurt fucking all
these fucking OWASA that means plates
guys I came here to give Jessica a
present but I didn't think about it
Amanda's here I love Amanda wait a
minute do you know the song do you know
it
the ringtone a minute where we brought
just a cake if you want I'm taking a
slice before I go you think it was a
genuine surprise I just needed a video
for tomorrow Amanda knows the tips and
tricks oh can we watch Criss Angel do
you have Christmas ooh I thought you dad
came down again
god I hadn't seen hikmet in so long I
thought he was gonna come down to say hi
to me he's responding sheesh guys oh my
god I get a text I was so happy I was
like Oh texted me at this time fuckin he
texted me look I commenced Jessica and
he knows the slaying he put you are look
no messages clear conversation that's
the first thing he said you are like
keep your voice down
like no he knows about the cool like you
have to say you are instead of you tell
your dad that you are was so 10 years
ago now it's cool to spell it Jessica I
saw you touch with your hand
Oh oh my god it's gonna come down with a
baton and beat my ass way before we go I
need to say bye Tom wound up she's the
doors open I went to fly down here to
kill me for oh my god the devil's food
balls
shish shish shish that's gonna fly
downstairs and be my wait Luna can you
bring her down I really want to see her
can you bring a move that down so I
could say bye before I go damn guys I
really wanted to see Luna Luna fucking
hates me she gets the biggest tail boner
every time she sees me it's so strong
cuz I used to love this house before
they caught the animal why can't you
guys just have what did used to have
like say oh you wish you used to have
hermit crabs yeah I was fine with the
hermit crabs they didn't leave the cage
I made I need to go bye happy birthday
bye don't leave my own overnight it
could overheat guys Jessica kept the
cake Wow
she really kept the cake I'm just joking
guys obviously she's keeping the cake I
feel like a lot of people take my jokes
too seriously I joke around a lot
a lot of the things I say are just jokes
not everything I say is serious okay I
just feel like a lot of people take my
joke seriously like when I make a joke
favorite time of the day none is a
certain to Gary's way the videos that
Jackie sent me were nice and all but
it's better than your life
Basel you want to try anything oh my
gosh guys is know so frustrating when
you can't fucking open Bevers I mean
you're come here then there we go good
boy good boy
okay good boy baby boy nyquil you got
water Oh
guys the good thing about being so sick
you can't taste anything is that you
don't need a chaser for night cool yeah
you will watch Jesus wait and I'm not
sure you're taking the dosage says just
take a little bit but future doesn't
only take a little bit I want to be
future so if you wanted to be future you
would take the whole thing in one oh
stop none on I'll I want to play I'm
handling Michael without I'll play the
old you only to dance to it them okay
fine this little Bobby's bag it should I
ball no away deadly fuck it spilled on
baggage bed how the fuck is you gonna
sleep anything a licking ball clean it
with the stop right there just clean and
put where I did finish Allah oh my gosh
I could taste it so I ordered all my
favorite foods and drinks and I try to
drink it when I'm sick and I can't take
anything but the second it comes to
nyquil of course that whatever late
watch ought to be up at 6:00 in the
morning wait guys I don't know if you
could tell the difference between Bosley
and his fucking bed wait baby kid you
not they look the same you want to take
a few swings yeah I'm just joking guys
okay I need to brush my teeth wash my
face anyway it's for real this time I'm
closing the vlog out it's way too long
thank you so much for watching this
video I appreciate all you guys I love
you guys all and thank you for watching
this video once again peace out guys
enjoy the rest of your Thursday oh
you're so cute of course he slept right
where the nyquil spilled of course he
slept right with and I go ahead still
yeah you wonder why even such a deep
sleep look at it yeah Bob we all know
you're gonna be waking out from this one
the nyquil literally spilled oh never
mind
hey buddy the nyquil literally spilled
right here you can see it and Bob Lee
sleeping right there of course you
choose that spot bad boy pug uture
future pug Trix probably so lucky Bosley
ask all your friends I don't think any
other one of your little dog friends has
the owner that gives them nyquil I'm
such a chill owner I'm like that cool
dad I guarantee you'll find another one
of your boys I can smile before they
sleep
