hey guys it's Jackie here at kami
Brandon's girlfriend feel like I don't
know how to honestly started intro like
was that awkward like you guys know I'm
his girlfriend I don't know but I was
with Brandon earlier I feel really bad
because he was so sick he literally had
like a super bad throw and his nose is
runny I call it the sniffles I don't
know the name of it but and he played
yesterday I don't know why I literally
kept telling him like don't play he had
a fever before the game and I don't
think he even took medicines and he was
just really really sick and I was
telling him I don't think you should
play but of course and once he's dead
he's going to play so then we got home
and he literally was so sick like I
don't think you guys can see he tries to
play it off on camera he's so much
sicker than like what you guys see on
camera fell
I felt so so bad and he's been editing
all day today I know that the
baskerville videos I don't know if he
told you guys honestly but it literally
takes him so long like he's an editing I
want to say for like four or five hours
now like ever since he woke up and I
don't think he's eight or anything and I
just felt really really bad I always
feel bad when he's sick because he's not
a person to ask for anything so I'm like
okay you need something like I'm here
you know like let me know so I want to
go get him food I want to show you guys
I'm filming from my phone so I can't
flip the camera okay so I once I get
some of his favorite food even got extra
bacon which is honestly Loki gross
sandwiches I understand candy I got him
Nigel's here because I'll shoot if you
like bacon we can be friends I'm just
kidding I just don't like it yeah so see
I got him thankful because he didn't
have any so I was thinking a kind of
treatment and then I went to Jamba Juice
and I picked up some there's three
because one for Bryan I'm feeling
generous like I said guys I just feel
really bad because he doesn't ask for
anything like four o'clock and he hasn't
made all day so I actually lied to him I
told him I was going to get my nails
done I actually really need it so I know
all the girls are going to point that
out I do need my
I didn't want to actually because I'm
like okay I like taking care of my man
Wednesday so I texted him and I said ham
here I told him to record so I hope he's
recording because I want to get his
reaction on camera but I didn't know how
to tell him that I wanted to surprise
him so he's probably thinking that I got
my nails so he edits his videos it takes
him at least like six hours to edit a
basketball vlog and first of all he
always like tries to play off his
sickness because he always wants to go
to the gym and I felt so so bad because
he couldn't go to the gym today and he
couldn't go yesterday because obviously
he had familiar to edit he was really
really bummed because he couldn't go he
gets sad I hope like maybe the food can
make him feel a little better I'm just
going to wait for him and hopefully he's
recording I'm excited okay guys so I'm
editing my video right now sorry if I
sound like shit I apologize but I'm
editing my video right now and Jackie's
here either she's pranking me or she is
surprising me one or the other but she
told me that she's here and she wants me
to record I want to say it's a surprise
because I'm sick so I want to tell
myself you know oh maybe my girlfriend's
going to be nice and surprise me but we
haven't pranked each other in a really
long time so I'm kind of worried Brian
do you think because Jackie came and she
told me to record you think it's a prank
or she's gonna be nice probably be nice
we will see okay I'm kind of scared so
I'm going to stand behind the door oh oh
oh he's opening no pranking wall I'm
sick hey babe
oh no she has the evil face when her
hair is tied up and her head looks like
a basketball
that's the pranking face he's recording
ever why'd your head super round today
that's the prank head your head is super
round that's all she's for sure pranking
if she's she's filming me you look like
a basketball head you look like a
porcupine you look like a porcupine
that's where is my hair really frizzy
yeah why are you filming in Wado after
record big guys just come come give me
your city boot no pranking while we're
sick you always try and plan up like
you're not yeah I hate when people feel
bad for me I hate skidding I don't
battery for dating me when you're
nothing
yeah hates getting simply well yeah
that's okay for you okay should I keep
recording Gilbert
just in time woolen is aa
always okay
so Jackie told me to record and she was
recording too if there's a prank it to
fail because I know you're trying to
prank me right now when she's reporting
you reflect on say it's either a prank
or a surprise you know what
we're coming okay fine
Oh Jamba Juice Jamba Juice I love Jamba
Juice three Jamba Juice buying one might
be for you oh my god
is there a snake in the back well you
didn't get your nails done
oh yeah they still look ratchet okay oh
my god Corinne right I got you one
really thank you say thanks bye
hey Jackie yeah because you said thank
you we exit stage Thank You Maura my god
does everybody love me today look first
Brian and my mom went and we suck the
whole snack cabinet then way babe what
is this this and then the best surprise
of them all Gilbert is here I'm starving
I haven't ate all day I can't take my
food anyway so I'm like shit and cuz I
was editing the basketball video do you
know how long the basketball video came
out forty minutes I took me six hours to
edit but it's 40 minutes long guys that
took me all day from the second I woke
up oh board and brew oh my god
would you put it on the side cause I
don't have bacon bacon so here you know
oh my gosh do I have the best girlfriend
on earth who twist makes ooh for mrs.
Ames coding shoutout future actually I
do do they yeah cuz there's that dirty
skipper I'm gonna make us some dirty
sprite oh my gosh this is the best day
of my life shout-out to my girlfriend
help um your nostril dude hey I heard
these help your stomach too
they help with your stomach ache oh my
god
Twin Snakes freaking everything I'm so
happy right now
the boredom brew guys this is a second
bag thank you I know I looked in the bag
of my glue what's more it feels like
Christmas god I'm so happy right now
were you blogging like were you
recording yeah but recording
I don't know how to like introduce
myself with it hey guys its second year
aka Brandon's girlfriend I told them
that you lie and you pretend like you're
not that say thank you because I don't
like when people feel bad for being
honest would be like I'm not sick
anymore any like at night he's dying he
said I feel like I see it I feel like
I'm living a blessed life and I'm really
grateful for the life that I'm living so
anytime I'm sick I never make a big deal
about it because I don't want people to
feel bad for me shoutout to my
girlfriend I haven't ate today yet and
it four or five o'clock right now so I'm
starving and then the Jamba Juice my
favorite smoothie place the candy the
nyquil my favorite drug and no guys but
really shout out to my girlfriend I knew
when you told me to record I was like
okay this is either a prank because one
was we haven't pranked each other and so
long so I thought you were planning hey
don't make that face or I knew was a
surprise you want a kiss I'm sick oh god
Jackie doesn't care I tell her I'm sick
she spends a night last night I tried to
get away from her the bed so she doesn't
actually I didn't tell them how I slow
no to give an example okay you're the
pillow you're the pillow this is me and
this is so she's me how do I sleep I
like being close to you hey I had to
sleep with my mouth open because I
couldn't breathe that night from my nose
I like to be close to you I always touch
it when we sleep always oh look at you
fancy what is this a Louis Vuitton
pillow sleeping on a Louis Vuitton found
his yogi guys I'm extremely happy right
now this just made my day
I woke up the second I woke up I got
straight to editing my video because I
knew was going to be really long it was
a lot of footage so I started working on
it right away I didn't have a chance to
go to the gym you guys know how much
that upsets me because I love playing
basketball so my mood was kinda and my
mood was kind of down yeah you lifted it
times can shout out to my girlfriend
thank you so much
oh the snapchats now the snapshots were
better than this surprised to top off
the surprise with a snapchat yay
if your manager is sick to send some
news here boy not my boyfriend your own
boyfriend you could send them to me -
yeah okay no no I'm just joking
look when I when I do this to me just a
joke so send them to me send them to
Europe witness hey hey okay just for
that my DMS are open okay fine I least
let me get the Jamba Juice
do you know that sound from Verizon PD
okay guys everybody shout out to Jackie
yeah shout out to Jackie my
ex-girlfriend I still have your pictures
so no you don't uh
well thank you very much and can I get a
kiss now come on I'm sure one of those
girls that you open your fucking VM no
they don't give me a kid only give me
pigs
hey hey no no no I'm sick please no
please no just one kiss and all I'm the
kid but we can eat ah okay
just one kiss and then you can hit me do
you
yeah no you this here house kiss me
bacon the pig anything but the pig yeah
you look like siren oh my head it says
June why are we not a place ah
hi guys that's the good thing about
Jackie she doesn't care when I'm sick do
you have a strong immune system now I
actually have red blood cells white
blood cells strong or what do they lift
yeah Eric blood so he plays for the sons
shout out to Jackie hashtag best
girlfriend on YouTube and thank you for
the food thank you around basketball
head guys we go round we go round
yeah just smile look here do a candid be
opening the sandwich and kind of
laughing yeah your head is like a
basketball but it's sexy I have a round
head fetish laughs why you like me so
much
yeah cuz your head reminds other
basketball yeah that makes so much sense
okay guys we're gonna enjoy our meal and
I'll pick the vlog up oh my gosh you
came the Beast has awoken we're gonna
eat and then we're gonna pick the vlog
up give me five no give me five wait so
you really didn't go get your nails done
I really believe that you won't went to
go get your nails done dancin now
honestly if you want to cheat on me you
could just use or me go get my nails
done that's not what look I really do me
your tonight oh god you are a chit
ratchet AF sandwich Jamba Juice candy
nyquil who's the real gold digger me I
love being a gold digger and my gift to
you my leftover sandwich never cease
awesome a huge it your husband hit my
guys I'm donating half my sandwich to
Brian untouched and he's complaining
about the way I dipped it in the sauce
okay you know what just eat it don't
beggars can't be choosers why you know
nothing yeah I graduate all in China you
dip your oh my god what you'll eat your
burger or you're just a dressy wait
Brian hold this for a second okay hold
on don't move
why okay in three two I want you to
dance
man dance what the night or Brian is
futures right Brenda Martin is last out
it's always my last added song guys I
don't know if anybody has heard this
song Brian this song is extremely new so
I'll put you on it's by Travis Scott
it's called goosebumps it just came out
like two days ago the one before that
it's utterly care if you cry the one
before that is mask off put molly
percocet that one guys future the only
reason that I like nyquil so NBA
playoffs game five series tied 2-2 now
what do you think sometimes I'll go
Boston winning this series it looked
like they were dead after being down to
Oh
but guys shout out to my girlfriend once
again for not only bringing me the food
and what do you not only bring me the
food and the drinks and the candy and
the medicine but also for putting up
with me when I'm sick because I'm
probably annoying and you're such a brat
yeah you are not only thank you for the
food but thank you for um earlier today
while editing my video so Jackie went
home before she went to get her nails
done and she said she was going home to
shower when I edit my videos I try to
stay off my phone because those it just
distracts me but I'm editing my video my
phone starts blowing up like multiple
snapshots at once and so I check my
phone and I see a tweet from Jackie hey
and it okay guys honest I'm just writing
you out she keeps touching me under the
blanket so it's hard for me to talk yeah
okay you can touch me after the camera
turns off all right now she's
distracting me on the job so I checked
my so when I check my phone I check my
Twitter and there's a tweet from Jackie
saying at virata's I want ice cream
PS before you say no check your snapchat
so in my head I'm like okay so Jackie
want ice cream
but I'm editing my video and then she
goes PS before you say no check your
snaps so check my snapchat and on my
teeth
thank you when I feel I know what I like
I felt like the balloon in my pants like
a climate like it inflated either three
or four more pumps but maybe like six
Jackie gommi with the snapchat snapchat
me that my motto is if I say no to any
ice cream they want then you're gonna
send sexy pic oh yes oh yes oh where's
the ice cream um well I went to go get
smoothies Hey are you like me no I guess
the nudes and I also get the smoothie
and food yeah I got a law actually so
shouts my girlfriend not only for the
food and the smoothie and the medicine
but also for the pictures and actually
not pictures with videos not really a
preschool
yeah now cut that out
okay any life tips for the girls out
there be a good girlfriend the loyal
feel over young man laughing everywhere
if he ever says no you stop sending him
nude for a week as punishment no yeah
you got a punish what do you say when I
ask those pictures know what's honey I'm
right there be there in two seconds
yeah because I love you pulls up to my
house in one minute
well I'm gonna go to the bathroom Oh
Jackie going party I'm on my you stop
she's going poop crystal I don't know
that's me walk the walk
okay guys so I actually uploaded this
video today and it actually took me a
really long time to edit this video so
if you guys get a chance to check it out
you guys can check it out if you want it
is our basketball game and Oh Jackie oh
my babe what are you doing
dan was I really being that good to you
today oh my god another one did you
snapchat me a picture of your poop oh
now this is something three okay now
come back in here I'll turn the camera
off I have the best girlfriend on earth
I swear I love her so much
come back did you really go to the
bathroom just to send me those what what
did I do to deserve this today guys I
wish I was sick every day oh god please
let me be sick every day I thought you
wanted to go poop a little did I know
you think you want me here yeah I think
that was the tease now it's time for the
real team yeah I think we need to stop
the video ha yeah you can do whatever
you want after you sent me that do you
want me to turn the camera off yeah and
I yeah you can remember that oh yeah oh
yeah I did do remember the ice cream
scandal guys that you wonder while we're
laughing is because I like ice cream all
off her body once there was sherbert I
she ordered stubborn okay five a shit
like that's the best shade of gray no
that's a story that we're never gonna
tell but uh guys Wow
I don't know what I did to deserve all
this today first the videos when I was
editing and then she said she has to go
poop which was a lie she did not you
went to the bathroom eh I'm blessed I'm
way oh yeah and you're putting out all
the way okay let's talk like I never
talked about I always say not only is
Jackie hot and sexy and has a perfect
body I always say and the personality
comes with a love so I always say you're
beautiful on the inside and outside
you're my best friend not just my
girlfriend so don't act like oh oh I
never talk about your personality in man
for sure best friend okay well you owe
me turn the camera off now
yeah look how happy I am imagine me then
you didn't even get any pictures imagine
me and I'll send me one you're getting
the 3d picture we need to stop having
the camera on when we're in this mood
Ferguson Mali Prix you know that
something no please sing the other one
oh yeah those Muslims every time that's
a new one no one knows that song sing it
I'll get those news ones every time yeah
that's all I know conclude brand new
yeah nobody knows it yet so uh bye guys
so she says the candy was for me and
what do we have here one in the morning
111 I should say and Jackie is eating my
candy so you lied for the vlog I
actually don't like you baby baby come
here before I go to sleep I have to put
father to sleep first why do you need to
go to sleep okay he's just being
stubborn because he doesn't like
sleeping in my room I brought his water
I'm massaging him and he still won't go
to sleep he already made one escape but
we have to bring it back in okay bottom
to go to sleep anyway guy innocent sake
okay scooch this is the end of mine in
Jackie's day it's really late it's
almost 2:00 in the morning and we have
to be awake at 6 a.m. so we're going to
go to bed just remember we love you guys
all thank you so much for watching
today's video we are the ants ah we do
love you guys on and I love this thank
you so much for watching today's video
we appreciate you guys stopping by and
thank you so much for being a part of
our lives one last time though really
let me again yes we love you guys and of
course one last time thank you so much
for watching today's video but also one
last time thank you so much to my
girlfriend Jackie for bringing all those
snacks and just just her presence today
made me feel better a lot better so I'm
telling you guys I woke up I felt like
shit very very sick and then once Jackie
you know did her little surprise and
just spend the rest of the day with me
I'm not even joking I feel a lot better
so uh
you're making me cry one year sick yeah
medicine helps a little bit you know
pills help a little bit but the most
important thing is being comforted by
somebody you love that's what makes
that's what makes you feel a lot better
and that's what Jackie did today and I
kid you not I already feel better so
shout out to my girlfriend the best
girlfriend on YouTube that's a tough
competition out there it is tough
competition but in my head you're the
best girlfriend on tonight okay that's
all I need to know okay guys the
nightclothes kicking in it what good
night guys you matter guys I have loved
all the night clothes cooking in so
y'all are like so crazy did my gosh
that's a good accent we love you guys
all I'm changing to a British accent I
like one here is so crazy guys thank you
for your surprise you think okay good
night guys we're going to bed Jackie
Brandon oh wait wrong way Brandon
Jackie Brockie real bright eyes Rocky's
going to me yeah and I guess yeah okay
to say it and like I said the nigh
clothes kicking the gay I said ending
the vlog like that okay hold on ticket
okay guys I'm like I said the knock you
have to go to sleep to like I said the
nyquil is kicking
