I know I'm for honey bunny look there's
two tylenol cakes on you have a fever a
class you have a what do they call it
oh you're like the sniffle your fingers
I'm beat guys yeah like you should play
but of course nobody listens to their
girlfriend I'm saying yes you know my
mom and Jackie had like this huge talk
with me about how I don't think you
should play you know you're too sick bah
bah bah and I said hey hey cut it hey
hey no no no no yeah he's gonna say shit
good nothing is going to stop me from
playing a basketball game except death I
don't care if I'm throwing up I don't
care how sick I am I don't care what
happens to my fingers no matter what I'm
going to play basketball unless I die I
believe that not man has long actually
we're like okay let's the only way that
he would never play if is he ever was
like on the verge of death like in the
hospital on my support an alternative
way to play you perform on life support
so it means your legs death easily okay
well maybe then I won't come on my
support but still I'll try an accordion
your nipples
they're very hard I mean it'd be sick
and so I wake up and I tried to heal
myself you know I took medicine I took
tea I tried to get a good night's sleep
so I could be ready for the game today
and I woke up and guess what I felt even
shittier and that doesn't solve jockey
from being right next to me I don't know
why she's so close to me when I'm sick I
don't care I might take care she says
she wants to take care of me but I don't
want her to get sick even though I just
made out with her yeah you were very
intimately so I don't know what you're
saying that you care about wait I don't
think you should play after play guys
get yourself a woman who massages your
knees and sides before your basketball
game okay already
that my legs are so damn hairy my life
got harriet tubman okay seeing houston
woke up in the morning got my hair could
of course shoutout to Paul then I went
to the gym played basketball so I played
basketball today now I'm home watching
basketball and after I watch this game
I'm gonna go play basketball so my life
is play basketball watch basketball play
more basketball
yeah those every choice I don't like
because it's all about us or not I
really can't you try
you should never learn Oh what
cuz there's my weapon no you guys know
just one time Oh what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka robotics or SiC
Brandon here aka sick robot is today's
actually our third game of the season
we're one-on-one so far we have one win
and one loss we won our first game and
we lost our last game in case you guys
didn't get a chance to watch that video
we actually got killed we lost by 18
points I think and that's our worst loss
as a team ever there's our second season
we haven't lost a game that bad all of
last season before this season saw 18
point loss and everybody knows if you're
an athlete or a few plays sports you
know that when you lose a game you just
want to get back out there like you just
want to get back on the course so you
can win like for me this past week all
our thinking about what okay we lost
that game I can't wait to play the next
day today
yeah revenge exactly so I think after
losing game that dad we're more ready
we're more prepared for the better teams
because like I said we got moved up a
division we won the championship and the
director said yo we're going to move you
guys up so we're playing against bigger
teams we're playing against better teams
and we're playing against players who
are more skilled so we got to be ready I
don't care if we got moved up a division
that's no excuse my team means to be
ready we need to come out and play
because losing by 18 is unacceptable it
starts with me it I take the blame I
don't care if I led the team in scoring
once I scored what 21 22 points whatever
it was I don't care I take the blame for
every loss so it starts with me I got to
play better
nice a team thing no I don't care how
good I play every loss that we lose I
take on my shoulders I'm just hard on
myself I'm terrified for 30 40 50 60
points if we lose the game I still get
mad at myself so mom girlfriends we have
a chance to redeem ourselves today new
game new week what's going to happen
today you're going oh my birthday you
trying to learn me sir it's always win
win win and by the way you look how
beautiful she looks thank you
hey I was going to tell your eyelashes
was good but I don't answer it it was a
muskie um my mom predicts the win yes of
course and you're going to score 14 I
want to say 23 whoo okay and your we're
gonna win so we have to double you guys
I'm sorry I can yeah I know knocking the
TV because Westbrook was going off let's
get the prediction of some special guest
coach are you ready after last week
blowout different gameplays this time
all this already so are we taking the
win tonight oh yeah
yes okay guys you heard it from Coach
rice banks we're gonna need a prediction
for tonight I'm going to do this like
again Dugan ah we won the championship
last season
guys you're gonna win but you guys are
both up at bad dude I just won by that's
fine I don't know if we win I don't care
I'll take a bad game she's about to hit
a game fadeaway life is like that
fadeaway and if he doesn't this track if
he doesn't hit okay Brian you better hit
a game-winner Brice Wayne all I do is
they're gonna take it out take it out
hey I leave he's on it I leave you got
it okay
you that's all I'm saying Brian needs to
show out in front of his boys just just
rub my boy yeah I'll go he's gonna score
who's better you were till score 19 real
score 15 so he said you'll score 19 and
I'll score 15 rice I mean I want to get
the higher amount but right I'm not
going to be left to the 30 right you
don't have eight oh wow that's a
recognition yeah hey hen okay so Jen for
me a for Brian I think rice is trying to
take the pressure off the last game of
axis night when I was safe which wasn't
too long ago because for whatever reason
I was really sick like last month and I
still played I almost threw up in the
trash can like middle of the game I ran
to the trash and I was about to throw up
and the rep told me he's on yellow don't
you can't do that to the game and I was
like rep I'm about to throw up if it's
like well you shouldn't be playing then
so hopefully this is not a repeat of
last time you been again where it's it's
like kind of keeping a tepee right there
we go when I got here and I was like
okay you're not playing and he's like oh
yeah you see another playing guy but my
mom and Jackie were both trying to get
me they're like I'm like yes I know can
you hear that comes into him not a
blemish paw shot on the toy but yeah guy
hopefully it's not a repeat of the last
time I played when I'll say - that's
well this close to throwing up during
the game so I'm asking God just put the
sickness on timeout for one hour and
then you can bring it back to me I think
I do that but it's time to go okay guys
so we're actually about to get to the
court so we could play our game
oh and about my finger brace or finger
splint ways it it's in your bag okay I
bought a used but anyway I don't want to
wear a bag I just took that shit off I'm
gonna have to get used to moving my
finger eventually so I just took it off
like an hour before the game and I've
been practicing moving my finger so uh
I'm not gonna wear during the game I
don't need to wear it so everybody could
see me in there for sympathy I don't
need to wear how much you don't listen
to me you guys I literally force him and
put it on and he literally took it off I
tried it three times I just took the
splint off and hopefully my finger moves
good I guess I can't remember the last
time I've been this excited for a game I
can't wait to go play only because
I don't know if it's a competitor in me
or what it is but after losing a game
like I just I hate losing I hate losing
basketball game every single day I woke
up I'm okay I need to get back on that
court so we can win the next game I feel
like I feel a really big competitor a
really fiery competitor you guys know
what I'm talking about and I especially
don't like losing two games in a row so
I'm gonna try my hardest to win tonight
I know I'm going to try my heart out and
I hope my teammates do the same
because we don't want to lose two games
in a row with a defending champion it's
a new season if we don't want to start
one and two we do not want to lose two
games in a row I could tell you that for
sure but at the same time you got to
remember we got moved up with the
biggest yeah babe babe love it
maybe underwear right you're right
all the way rocking one
okay guys I've captured quite often
signals
nine minutes waited again I didn't sweat
off the sickness before the game cuz we
got killed our last game we need to be
more professional and more organized so
we're designing some layup line
Oh No
Oh
I
here's four
Oh
garvik
ah
sorry
that was a nice class
Hey
oh that's it ah
Hey
here everybody's conversations already
know hey guys so we have 11 minutes last
six to 11
ah
Oh No
go baby
okay guys well we're 10 to 11 the bay
minutes left
Oh
my sake
gah babe
my so annoying I don't care
he's fearless Wow
to the pain Oh
the splash brothers are back
mommy
I think Chris might be leaving I don't
know yet the team is playing hard
tonight
who loves this house dammit it's Chris
okay
Hey
Hey
ah
he really is your animal game
oh god baby
he gets the pleases
it's okay
okay guys so this were friends with 21
to 31
he makes us shine so sexy like he
already is so then he makes it it's like
okay
you guys sword and flu games really
happening to Brendan right now okay so
guys this update real quick Chris left
he was hurting so I'm not sure where he
went but I know that he left
now just add
so 37 to 28
you cannot stop them look at them oh my
god
I wonder what Brennan Ryan are talking
about
probably about me
boom
okay babe
Oh
34 to 37
ah come on
being crazy being crazy girlfriend so
hard shut up does literally
know it because there it goes
go fit
No
38 to 39 with 10 minutes left in the
second baby are you okay
are you okay
with my man
okay guys so we have eight minutes left
in the second 4241
get it
hey guys we have sex to the next class
42 to 41
okay
transfer 45 to 41 five minutes left
Oh
my god I'm so nervous
no no no all right guys it's 47 to 41
oh shit 44:47
come on babe
Tyler
Oh
l.joe
get that shit
hey guys we need
ha
hey guys how's 51 sits 47
haha
was what it was bad
how are we feeling fucking cold okay
oh no oh my gosh I fuckin choke I choked
I choked I choked I lost the game for my
team all my teammates watching this I
apologized a hundred percent of my fault
the I suck look I scored 21 points and I
didn't score nothin the last ten minutes
I had 21 points
so I scored all of that in the beginning
of the game and then the last 10 minutes
when my team needed me most I fuckin
choked I didn't score anything in the
last 10 minutes I suck in a close game -
that's my fault all my teammates
watching this that's my fault
fuck we had that that was a fucking
pathetic performance by me I don't
understand what's wrong usually in close
games that's when I do good that's when
I do my best and for whatever reason
today was a close game I was doing so
good in the beginning I started so hot I
was making all my shots and then when it
came down to it at the end of the game
when we needed it most
I couldn't score and I apologize to all
my teammates once again because this was
my fault
I don't care what anybody says it was my
fault Brian I want to apologize for my
choke you want to apologize or should I
approach right now I guess 80 points you
got a poor yeah all right let's not
forget about the other one I temper me
but I do anyone thanks for the little
colored house Oh know what I got you
predict is 50 for me so 21 so
technically I won them yeah you won
you're closer at least at least somewhat
of eww today it's been two minutes it's
too - no I'm apologizing at least look
you're saying you play bad but at least
you play bad like from start to finish
that's fine I played good so I gave hope
and then at the end I just fucking
choked I should have made that last
three I should have made whatever guys
that which all good we don't god fuck so
pissed at myself like you don't even
understand I'm not even mad at my
teammates I'm not mad at the wrath I'm
not mad at the other teams I haven't
congratulated the whole other team I
said good game and I gave high pots to
the rest
I'm just mad at myself okay I looked it
over I had 21 points and there was like
13 or 14 minutes left 21 points was 13
or 14 minutes left and we were up so I
could have easily had like a 30 point
game and we could have won instead I
just got more passive I tried getting
Brian involved because a rice command
banks right here and those are Barnes
boys so I wanted to get Brian more
involved you know I wanted him to score
a lot I wanted him to hit some shots so
I started passing to HAMP's like I
stopped playing my game in the beginning
when I scored the 21 points I was on a
roll and then I just stopped playing my
game talk to get other people more
involved and then before you know it the
other team caught up and then I just
choked I could not hit anything look I
know a lot of people are going to
comment that you know all your teammates
weren't making their shots either or you
guys are going to comment it's a team
game you know if you lose everybody
loses but I'm taking this one on my
shoulders I'm taking full blame for this
one only because I feel like I've shown
in previous games that when the games
are closed you know I'd like to take
over and I like like these clutch
moments I like these pressure moments
but this time I just apologized like I
couldn't do it you can't win them all
this game hats off to this team they
were big they were out rebounding us
they were cutting us down low and that
injury to currents really hurt us we're
not sure exactly what injury is we're
not sure hope I'm hoping it's not an
Achilles I'm hoping it's his ankle or
his calf because an Achilles it's
probably the worst case scenario and
it's pretty late right now so we'll give
him a call tomorrow but the pain was so
bad that he went home he couldn't even
watch the rest of the game so damn I
should have tried to win this game for
Chris how am I supposed to call it
injured teammate and be like yo Chris I
hope you're feeling better and we lost
the game damn the least I could have
done is won the game for him but we'll
give them a call tomorrow see how he's
feeling hopefully it's nothing to do it
because as you guys saw we really need
clean I'm seeing
you look let's become a lily back
hopefully it's not serious and yeah when
Chris left the game that's one of the
other teams started taking advantage and
we lost the game so we need Chris for
basketball reasons and we also need
Chris healthy for non basketball reasons
that's my cousin and you don't want to
see one of your family members here an
episode in McCall tomorrow
Bosley good thing you didn't come yeah
I'm sorry that you have such a bad
basketball playing older I'm sorry Bobby
I'm sorry that your owner sucks at
basketball and I'm talking about myself
coach I need to apologize you're
quitting why you guys play stupid II
don't know hey hey oh my gosh okay fine
I forgot he's the coach so okay keep
Billy yeah I saw you guys drive the ball
inside and score not just shooting they
were bigger they have three big guy so
21 in like the first happened and just
start the second half and then and then
nothing we should have won that game
damn it guys
damn guys I'm so upset with myself right
now mom I'm so mad at myself god
honestly I don't even care about this
yeah I don't even care about my sickness
my finger freakin hurts
Oh Tim holding her I didn't think it
would I kept saying oh whatever I was
wearing the splint for like three days
so it's all good guys if you think about
it the finger injury happened three days
ago and I feel like and I said all three
days it's just perfectly fine though in
her oh here's the magical thing fuck you
but no excuses though I don't care the
finger the sickness no excuses give me
five and guys a lot of people are saying
oh it's okay you're sick you know don't
be too hard on yourself
you know it's okay twenty-one points for
being sick is good it wasn't a joke you
have a fever and your fingers hurt
I don't care about any of that because I
don't feel like that's a good excuse
because if I could score 21 points in
the beginning then I could then I could
finish the game strong you can't say oh
I scored 21 points in the beginning but
I was sick so I did bad at the end no so
you're telling me that I had 21 points
and everything was okay but then
randomly out of nowhere during the game
my sickness got worse no it's for
everybody timing you know it's okay
you're sick it's not your fault I
appreciate that but I would never make
that excuse for myself because if I
could play good in the first half I'm
still it's still the same there I still
have the same sickness I could play that
in the second half it's not like during
halftime a whole new sickness to go over
my body so it's not about that it's a
team effort so don't take it here so I
only had a fever I honestly don't know
why you played of course it's a team
sport you know we lose on the team we
win as a team but I just feel like we
should have won this game but
you're gonna come back stronger baby
what we need Christmas bit is it's a
great business so now we're at one way
to two losses and we've lost two games
in a row
