Bosley why are you so scared of me what
did I do to you oh my gosh mom have you
ever met a dog who doesn't let the owner
pet him okay here try me I'll be very
gentle please yeah I mean gentle
okay Bosley come here just though I said
coming good boy good boy Bosley good boy
give him a massage and then give him a
treat
good boy Thunder phone if you want I can
do no no you didn't do it right
okay you know when you're it's you and
him doesn't he like you know what is
yeah because he's like he's ashamed of
me like the boyfriend well of the
girlfriend so they had been friends but
one there would that alone it's like oh
I love you so much bad but when they're
front of their friends and that Oh
Bosley he thinks I'm the ugly owner for
my dad for you for Brian he's all happy
with you guys on camera look at me if
only one were local okay Tom time we
won't keep honking good boy good boy
he's gonna do what he's been anyway I
just want what's useful ahh
Bosley what you know I'm gonna get a
case watch well here you are
then is that bad between you guys this
relationship isn't working as smoothly
enough um now but I'm um tell them what
the funny part is you dad and Brian none
of you guys wanted a pub you guys all
wanted it did I say it was your idea I
have to convince um Ruth please applause
please I wall plug I wall plugs riding
their water plugs my dad did a wall one
nobody want one so I get what I want and
this is what happened Bosley hey Susan
Bosley one kid
my god fugly bitch okay then let me know
let me name a treat after that let's see
a crazy idea what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka waters and I wanted to
start the blog you know a cute little
intro of me kissing bottom end up
getting along but clearly that didn't
happen right bonsly if you can't tell oh
my god I can't you know yesterday I gave
him five different type of medication to
pick from he picked one and he said that
didn't work he took one at night didn't
work but this guy is so sick I saw all
the tissue from his nose all over the
room I feel bad it can't even stop I
can't catch a break first at the game
last week my tongue dog thought they was
bleeding down to my Jersey one day later
I got my finger jammed and then a couple
days did I wake up I thought it was
allergies so when I had a runny nose had
a stuffy nose earlier I like I think
it's just allergies but nope what do you
know I'm sick again
and we got it I'm doing it for the kids
no easy to pretend you're talking to me
yeah well alright what is bothering
again yeah good yeah and what is the
worst thing about being sick you can't
care trace your food also worried yes
they said it's like I'm eating air it's
tough if I'm sick I tell my throat hurts
I'm coughing and sneezing in my nose is
stuffy
that's bad for fun whatever the worst
part about being sick the word part is
when I get some really good food it
looks so Bob it looks delicious I take a
bike and you can't taste because when
you know the stuff in cloth that
actually affects your taste buds you
can't take everything I eat
tastes like air I might as well eat
veggies and fruit and salad instead of
eating dirty something I can't taste it
anyway like I want more kisses love it
come on Jackie tell me like that I
wanted to come on one case brother
Jackie
mother-father that's why he doesn't like
you you push it too much I just I hope
you don't do that with girls girls don't
like easy guy well you have to play hard
to get
look you still denies it what good boy
that's where I thought my boy I just
feel really sick we got a game later
tonight but I don't care how sick I am
still gonna play I can't wait for the
game tonight
Oh but yesterday I wings and things Neal
comes with two breadsticks and I was so
hungry and so you know I wanted to eat
it so bad I said oh man can I add an
extra breadstick I got three red sticks
all for no reason to the tasted like ass
acted on an aspic better this one didn't
taste like nothing it didn't taste like
entries here's a tip if you're sick just
go eat healthy and eat some fruits and
veggies because you can't taste anything
anyway so you might as well eat healthy
anyways mom are we ready to tell them
the idea oh but I'm not ready to do it
here I'll bring it bring it bring it on
hey guys so for those who don't know a
wobble bow first of all don't sit on it
like how ah I thought this was an
exercise box I didn't know a Brian Bravo
so it was just right here and in my
video couple things on my life this like
imagine anyone although and I fucking
CSS to share my ass bro
when we got through so I think this
body's a little punishment consider that
oh my god my ass roll I thought it was
like the exercise balls
I literally felt like what like about
and I think it hurt me so I'm gonna hurt
this back for those who don't know what
I'm going to do today we are going to
take this wobble bubble in the backyard
we're going to pour a ton of gasoline on
it we're going to take a match language
ok we're going to throw the match all
the ball and we're going to see what
happens I think it's going to explode
I'm gonna burst
so I Marc thinks that done ml yeah my
mother thinks it's going to melt so this
is kind of like an experiment because
you guys obviously can't feel it through
the camera but it I don't it doesn't
feel like an exercise ball but it
doesn't feel like a bubble obviously so
it's like I don't know how to explain it
I don't know what it feels like but big
but yes yeah really yeah if you've ever
felt ass cheek or lake one ok let's go
let's get to it
I'll get to where I'm on case you guys
well nevermind of your some of my
applause I know like can he give you the
stump I go no but yeah it does feel like
a book oh look at man I know that look
in one ass she can eat two next to each
other good so yeah we're gonna take the
bread a plumber you come to our game
tonight if you guys want to win tell
them tell them ok mom a game my mom
comes to our games we have a pretty good
record and when my mom doesn't come for
whatever reason where she doesn't attend
the game we move I swear to god though
every game I didn't yell course yeah
yeah I'll do it for you guys but we
might be getting a win tonight with my
mom come and imagine if you don't want
everybody's going to sell for mommy
so guys a lot of people keep
snapchatting or tweeting like are you
going to play because your finger turn I
just laughed it off to me I don't care
if my hand is broken I know I shouldn't
care but I don't
I tried to play God I played yesterday I
was at the gym I'd like to read you this
morning I was there at night again I was
playing so nothing can stop me from the
sport I love look how easy this is no no
no
okay I will take it off but I'm going to
say I have to take it off on us oh my
name Bosley you want to join I'm here
Bosley then we didn't learn wobbly you
know what it's Linda something might
happen so I remember what that is guys
yesterday my dad could a 30 pound burger
I didn't think it was possible but he
brought 30 pounds of ground beef put it
all together
cut the on this if you guys want to take
the video it's actually really funny I
just got this pocket shit it's like why
you're going to be off my mom said hello
is going up today I really funny yep it
100 mi tu and we'll Brendon we burned it
you did we peed on it
guys this was the spatula to flip the
burger it was so specific guys did
Bosley's look if you're wondering why I
didn't eat the burger Oh Bosley pissed
on the spatula before they cooked it and
I claimed it yeah my mom cleaned it out
okay I didn't eat
Bosley literally went up to a spatula
while the burger was cooking and he went
your heat on it and then my dad licked
it but my mom cleaned I don't trust the
clean hey I still have you here the
burger I really want you to put it in
there or you know my mom wants me to
like put it here and burn the flame
under it I want to just pour the gas and
just light it on okay where where a
mother knows best you want to do it well
both way is wrong but are we gonna leave
it like if we can find a way to make it
hey where is that to the rescue yeah you
know one like my dad knows everything I
get it last too much yep run the Builder
around the fixers guys when you're super
sick and feel like shit
so you stayed in bed all day yesterday
so you didn't have time to make an
entertaining video so now you're
struggling to burn a bubble bowl that's
all my life has come to
usually I try to make my videos the day
before but yesterday I was be I was
drinking tea taking medicine just trying
to get myself to feel better before the
game tonight which if you can't tell
did it work it did help so I didn't have
time to go out and film and make a video
so here
I am woke up this morning woke up to
thuggin like me getting ready to burn a
bubble ball mom this what happens when
you run out of video ideas you're stuck
burning a wubble bubble he's gonna piss
on the spatula again he did Wadley oh my
gosh okay guys so what we're gonna do
hey we're just going to place the ball
here
remember my mom PG is going to slowly
burn and melt my prediction is that the
second the fire touches it it's going to
explode
so hopefully doesn't do that because I
don't have enough time to run oh my I
play basketball but I'm not Usain Bolt
I can't run hopefully the ball stays mom
we don't wear the gasoline Ezell just
found the case oh right here maybe my
anomaly yes more than enough oh no the
way I know that we're good oh yeah this
is dangerous I score okay I know
positive can I close the door so bad
they won't come out after yeah
come on wins cool down no just San Diego
it's not going to be the 20 it ain't the
Windy City cool okay
wait what did you say this look like
pink but a big button in the oil I'm
going in I'm not watching this my mom's
very golf clubs you go to call person
and I'm scare really now Brandon I swear
you don't know what that thing has maybe
Zac I'll shatter who knows yeah no look
for the flow we have to no no okay I
know gas but then look here guys why did
we put it in the
all class on me I'm gonna wildfire oh
yeah when I've got a lot on fire away
we know okay beautiful ah then we have
to have water or something ready for
after it's just gonna explode okay God
and I swear I'm scared because of the
wind drove I felt like 20-foot library
so I can stand by areas that long and
never see don't have it go have it you
know what I'm very sure about all I have
about two inches to get away okay
listen where are you going to run a lot
of time to run or if it's over it's
meant to be it's meant to be my life
does my life is eat hold on no more
darkened hallway
oh wait doesn't come here oh god you
need a thumbnail no he don't
wait Collin no scares really and again
static okay no put gas on the bottom and
burn the bottom that is also what spin
Alan this is a struggle because of how
small the matches are guys
oh wait whoa whoa oh shit
oh shit haha
what the oh my god see Joe four corners
I know the porno fireman is boring on
fire okay okay the floor is gone here
look how become just some small fan now
it looks like a bubble guys oh no you
don't get how scared I go um yeah it
popped
where the ass came from this is how did
the ants not die god and ants are strong
they answer like Isaiah Thomas they got
a big heart
they don't let side define them I know
it looks like the masked members Jim
Carrey mom I thought it was going to fly
into the street we gained so much
trouble you think I went did you help I
fled the country before the dog wait mom
now that it's like the semis will burned
one more thing just one last thing and
then we're gonna burn one last thing to
end this video playing woo how about a
baseball
ilyich lahia think so
oh how disease together okay let's eat
the baseball first ah my eyelashes oh no
my best attribute fire function or your
warrior what something with something
with it
really mom you party pooper
okay guys for the baseball burnin up
burnin up burnin up for you baby
that's a Jonas Brother song for those
who don't know yeah flip it we need all
that cuz we don't want it raw I want
well done
I mean rare not raw next in line buddy
you shoulda let me give you a kiss
easier I would have had some sympathy
but nope come on buckle you're next come
on I know let's go let's go you're next
none and then another there's no running
from this one boy now I'm just joking
guys maybe next video but for this video
we already have enough footage Basel
you're lucky next video don't for sure
he's in one team thanks God okay guys
guys my eyelashes flamed up after I
poured the gasoline and I'm upset
because eyelashes used to be because I'm
ugly like as a person but I like it used
to be my good attribute but not anymore
so anyway I really hope you guys enjoyed
today's video I kind of just wanted to
experimental the ball because it had a
really weird feeling so I didn't know
what would happen to it it was somewhat
in the middle at first it started
melting and then it just cool I know I
know this between I was so scared I
think God didn't want to put me in my
mom and a few like no I'm right I'm
right so it was a little bit of both we
both one mom a little bit of melting and
a little bit of explosion anyways thank
you guys so much for watching this video
the road to 2 million subscribers is
still on we're about a hundred and forty
thousand subs away maybe less stop
really nervous
really anxious I'm really excited
obviously what area that night I don't
want to put a date on I've no idea
what's going to happen but I am
extremely excited and I don't know how
I'm going to react it's going to be
crazy do not try this when people say do
not try this at home they say okay can
we try that I try it no really don't try
this
never anything with fire no oh okay guys
basketball game later tonight for all
the fans I show up thank you so much for
coming out and I'll see you guys later
tonight I can't wait to play we lost our
last game so the only thing that's been
on my mind over this past week is to
just get back on the court together win
you know after you lose you just want to
really quick go back out there and win
the next game shows off your mind so I
can't wait anyway guys Brandon out mama
rug yeah and thank you guys for watching
this video peace the cameras offically
yourself faking the husband I you're
still all Bosley came to my rescue
Thank You Bobbi I appreciate it Hey
godly he tried to buy her okay so I
paint to a conclusion mom Bosley sees me
as a brother so he won't kiss me because
obviously I'm his brother
yeah but he'll save me if someone's
trying to hurt me Thank You Bosley I
appreciate that
and let's see brother's give each other
high fives give me five oh never mind he
ain't a brother but guys I got this
delicious wings and things meal you got
the wings the veggies three breadsticks
not two but three breadsticks the ranch
the honey barbecue however when you're
sick you can't taste any food so I have
a delicious meal right in front of me it
tastes like I'm eating fucking air
that's what it tastes like air look I
don't even like celery but I can't taste
the fucking fluids I don't care
mmm I love air mmm
