what is going on you guys ran into your
AKA bruh wat is this video was sponsored
by Dollar Shave Club if you are not
familiar with what Dollar Shave Club is
let me get into that so they offer this
five-dollar kit and you know what I'll
get into everything that comes into this
box
later I remember before I had this beard
and I would shave every day I used to go
to the store and I waste so much time in
the razor I'll be looking like yo
there's a hundred different razors which
one do I pick what's the difference I
don't get it well why would you do that
when you can have Dollar Shave Club sent
directly to your home for five dollars
it comes with a razor but don't worry
just cuz there's no head here doesn't
mean it doesn't come with eggs for count
of four razor shaving butter can hold on
just watch I'm pretty sure this smells
so good you guys can smell it through
the screen body cleanser this is all for
five bucks by the way and the last thing
what is that routine that you do you
know where you take a shower or you
shave but there's also one more thing
you do and that's called taking it it
comes with three one time wisely how
many of you have experienced this you're
in a rush you gotta go somewhere and
like you keep wiping but it never ends
these are my one wipe Charlies and not
only are they most effective wiping your
tush but they smell good too look this
is peppermint scent like what why would
you not walk your until smelling like
peppermint I know it's not Christmas
time but it doesn't matter
this smells bombed and once again all
for five bucks are you kidding me razor
razor heads what what Charly's shaving
butter body cleanser for razerheadz not
just one and I know large amount of my
viewers are kids you guys probably don't
have facial hair you guys probably don't
have beard but here's a secret if you
want to grow a beard if you want to be
like James Harden
you just gotta shave every single day
how do you think I grew this beard you
think came out of nowhere know you can
order this by clicking the link in the
description down below or going to
dollar shape
calm / Pilates again click the link in
the description down below and go get
your kid today yeah
Brandon avoidance YouTube Nextup come on
in
what's up Mike Bryan enjoy all right
sup guys it's Mike check out the crib
that's always appreciate you having me
look forward to it all right
All Right game on it's time six and a
half hours later it's time bro books
brother I'm gonna get a tour from this
guy
and this guy right here yeah bring him
up next hey davon was that first try and
up next okay hey Bosley how are you on
camera everyday so common they can't do
it oh he's ready go okay don't be
nervous I know you're not really on
camera right okay hold on wait let all
right go
I was even true Branko doing a few right
here aka phase Road let's go check out
this house for the first time okay you
guys want to do introduction together
just all walk out so this right here is
the backyard first thing you ask what is
that anything crazy you see in the house
just look at Brian anything over the
video Brian used to go golfing from up
here I used to golf from there until we
got a letter from the HOA seem like
we're not about to do that to Steve and
Dave on but since you guys are so
interested in people's life Devon's
uncle
this is Devon's friend close friend and
that's David's brother who's that
they've been on bad terms and if you
want to wear it book himself is taking
care of some work right now so he
couldn't make it today but you seemed in
the video soon we're not going over
there that's it's like a whole like area
but it's like dark I guess scared of
that part or the kitchen but they
already know what it looks like first
thing they do when they got in yeah we
had a bunch of food for them over here
my mom ordered it shout out to mama she
cooked it oh yeah
hey they want us to wash dishes
watch him yeah I did you're the little
seating area I never seen this is
usually far like when me and Brian get
in trouble we need with the parents over
here we're all music videos are shot all
right so this is the funny part about
the house you got a huge master bedroom
over there but first you have a little
tiny room over here that my parents
sleep in and if you wonder why the
master bedroom is empty is because the
dog Bosley doesn't like it so they all
sleep in it the master bedroom which is
the nicest room Asante store not a
hundred percent but the master bedroom
empty nobody stays in it that's right
you got this thing you guys ever stayed
in your guy's room I've never heard of a
house where the dog forces people out of
the master bedroom is he doesn't like
this oh you guys thought you ever book
it had a nice shoe collection
all right here is popper rug rug we got
the wrong pajama pants so I'm like yeah
we need some Phoenix on one okay Dennis
you go inside first but you guys have to
turn around okay Brian says this is the
best room in the house I know don't lock
me in here
Dennis you act like you don't want to be
locked in there you wish you get lucky
and they all walk being like it's a room
so that would surprise you this way so
here we'll stop with my presence there
is nothing in there guys those who don't
know I moved out dents can I tell them
go then say happy boat go ahead and
solve the floor before I make that into
a that's a fan of mine and he bought
this off eBay and he sent it to my house
over it like a pancake
where are you serious that's where this
came from I didn't even know and this is
me with big-ass head Romel I didn't take
all my clothes from here because my mom
gets sad that I moved out and that I
have an empty room
so I leave some stuff in here so she's
not like you know fully heartbroken 12
when we used to play when we were kids
there - is there a 4 - 4 that's men even
Devin Booker's and like my unhealthy
like section like we haven't been here
in a while
he's our hardest they play pub G though
not for tonight
find another crazy support what I've
never had high tops in my wives
it's the hoopin those yet now I've give
it away like four pairs of those all
here with Lemongrab Bogle so Brian still
hasn't met Devin how many times have I
seen him and somehow someone you have in
the okay so what do you have to say
today we can play 2k or call it a play
call he plays pub g2g one day we'll meet
and three point contest you think I can
win
oh I don't know three point champ now
the all-star weekend I woulda liked got
twenty nine or something oh really yeah
yeah same here but it's all good so
there's your first time seeing me since
I went to LA did you miss me I know the
skid lappa yeah sure what's your name
sailing ship why should they follow you
good content and then you have mr.
Hollywood over here I mean you could
follow him but just gonna be hit 10k and
kind of my Hollywood what's your
Instagram hat davon and why should they
fall okay and now the last question
which NBA player would you compare your
Instagram feed to do you like the shoes
what's your instrument
I tried to come up right now he's trying
to get verified he's trying to get some
followers Oh screaming rug phase I was
like phase rug but backwards and then
why should you get some followers
because I post like the best of the best
pictures
really yeah watch the skill of Brian's
giving us a free show like everyone's so
interested in what mines doing FIFA okay
Bob you're gonna waste my time Kim it
down just wait this way there's someone
around let me just get the killer real
quick oh shit there's people right here
oh shit okay Brian I don't know anything
about for tonight all I know is people
pose the snapshots of victory royale
what it's called that's what I want to
see on your screen we had to give the
boys a tour of my place so um just I
mean keep walking a little bit straight
and yeah the tour's over is my spot
right yeah spacious so why is the score
this slow about the N to the fourth
quarter mister oh I play too Kay
yeah Dennis can you even see from there
that's fully why you lost Dennis
hey Dennis so you can make it right here
but at the gym earlier today you can
imagine he's shooting it with your
brother yes or no he's locked up okay
Dennis he's warning you do not shoot it
with Devon Booker
Oh Oh shits gonna tell her you were
watching Booker's championship round
record-breaking three-point contest
oh don't worry this isn't in here bro
don't worry the miss is not in the video
I think that it's had a heart attack
that's my dad my dad was tired so
whatever my dad for being a go p-- and
again like I said Devon is in San Diego
but he's getting some work done
he's doing some work right now so he
might be featured in the video tomorrow
so they can meet but yeah Brian has to
be different that might be coming
tomorrow
we'll see stay tuned anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video
drop a like if you enjoyed other than
that Brandon he gave one I love you guys
all
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling your the right girl
