what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka of Rwandan and today I'm bringing
you guys a video with my beautiful
parents come here guys and I have to be
extra nice to them before this video
starts because if you can't tell by the
title my smile is going to be wiped off
my face in a couple minutes so today's
video is going to be my parents reacting
to my sex story muffled I'm not just a
sex story getting caught by the cops in
the act
guys this was totally bad I made this
video just with Jackie and I had told my
parents not to watch it obviously my
parents respect me just like I respect
them so they didn't watch the video and
how much did you want to watch the video
though and I go maybe I'll kill him are
some things I did in I don't know how
you have the guts to sit in the middle
well show me this this is not really my
guts this is the brats quads guts
because if you look at the top comment
on this video with nearly five hundred
thumbs up have your parents react to
this one branded guys I don't know if
you hate me and you want me dead I don't
know if all you guys think my funeral is
going to be really late so you guys all
want to come to the funeral or what it
is why do you guys want me dead but your
wishes are coming true because last week
we did a video like this and let me just
say I needed this last week and I'm
going to need it even more this so I
never wanted my parents to watch this
video but I've said this a million times
and I'll say two million times over
again I have a youtube channel to please
you guys and whatever you guys want to
see is something that I have to give you
guys and the talk calm out this videos
that branded get the hell in the room
with your parents sit the hell with your
ass in the middle and in it in the
middle yeah it's dirty how does and and
play the damn video so I said you know
what I never want them to watch this but
that's exactly what we're going to do
today so without further ado just be
careful guys I do have a hurt finger so
if you're gonna this matter for
and although but without further ado we
are going to start the video of branding
which is you know her son mean and his
son and Jackie which is her future
daughter-in-law and his future
daughter-in-law getting caught by the
cops having sexual intercourse the name
Hey okay fine having sex who she looks
lame now drinking ready bang
she's been to the video stores what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka
everybody and today I'm here with my
beautiful girlfriend
Jacqueline guys this was bad enough the
same kind of Jackie we didn't even want
to make this video let alone in front of
my own parents it is too hard yeah we're
like no we don't want your keep it I
know
so you know hey gentlemen we were okay
just shut up on a date it's all bad oh
yeah we were just on the beach okay for
people having a tie - Joel ah so we were
at the beach you know just hanging out I
don't know maybe got some ice cream just
walk should we stop there we're at the
beach in we're hanging up it's pretty
much the video honestly our recipe is
okay let's get into the net you want - I
wanna see this I'm getting closer
you guys know that when you go on a date
you know you couldn't get you get to go
just looking at your significant other
for so long each other hanging out so
you know you guys you know you're just
flirting throughout the day so you get
kind of turned on and regular people you
don't have to pay to go home and then
you know one thing leads to another and
boom before you know you're in there
that's regular people for us so we
finished the day and you know we're on
our way back home
but the beach is like here and then my
house is like why would you want to hear
you know like a 20-minute moment and
what about like an hour yeah so you know
to us 20 minutes is a long time and so
you know one of the cars we're just like
waiting
yeah we're flirting or like honestly 20
minutes no that's way too long with just
you know find a place and just just
kicking in the backseat you know just
hang out in the backseat of my car
and so this was that night late at night
at this point driving back home it's
probably midnight or 1:00 in the morning
and I find a spot and we're so done
because I actually drove so far to find
the spot we loved it we came out took me
so long to come to almost all I'll show
you one day hazel I didn't get
you know young love like a couple months
ago I was young man ever got the Queen
runs a p45 is fun and sex it was close
to my house any way to find anyone in
fact it looks like an abandoned parking
garage I don't know it looks weird but
it's all dark except they're like a
little lie at nobody there
it's like a two-story parking garages
it's just a weird place but I'm like
okay you know what this will do so you
know we're just chilling in I play my
playlist over the asking you to place a
shit or can I have like all this
homeless guy I wanted to play on one of
the back TN Wiccans around around his
gun we're done one day L mean under the
the like Occupy paper situation we made
love for one round of you know
intercourse in a lot of scale you know
big passion hands into it like this I
feel like I just kiss her
look she stuck her tongue out not me Mom
eternities she's the baby okay like a
lesbian so we're finished one round yeah
one around what people don't get to
really you know they go around they go
back home and you know the dates over
but me I'm a firm believer in - it's not
just - if you have time it's an endless
about I mean if you're no brothers yet I
don't believe right just one round get
it done and then go in the midnight or
1:00 in the morning and you have time to
spend you know one round two round three
you're out see I think my dad agrees
because you're not saying too much dad
like he'd say no it didn't ya know like
if you have energy why not normal yeah I
keep doing it it places there's times is
what my let's keep going the keeping
story's getting interesting now well at
that time we thought it was a good idea
to like stay there longer than us all
right all right
we were out subtraction with so doing so
hidden Oh God so we finish around okay
like I said normal people they go home
whatever but uh we're just telling you
know oh my god okay you know you can't
go one rabbit another
back in back to your house I've got a
little bit of a waiting period and of
course a lot fucking going what I'm
saying make love intimates up
obviously the really play on air you
can't just love how structure in
elevators just don't want to do rattle
people how does go is betting on being
so us marry state you must have very
very basic if we're being honest I
myself too much the clutter but
everybody else main time you just liked
to do normal people okay God anyway so
you know we're getting ready round two
we're about to go me and I don't think
my mom heard what I said how I wound up
tonight ricotta but everybody else you
need yeah you must wonder when do I
think you to kind of touch economies top
is $12.99 per packet all right for you I
don't I make my own money I can't rely
on one yeah I'm well 99 percent yes what
- doesn't matter government's gonna be
kidding me I found out something
laughing a fellow Clubman Duvall 99 and
if I had the small dark $4 so you paint
your pain to have sex you it's stupid
round two we're gonna go in okay how
connect is good for me to kill okay so I
okay so my beautiful girlfriend looks at
me at that well like okay it's time for
round two so you know I took we took my
clothes off and you know she's like on
like like took the clothes off as well
and very carefully very sensitive below
and so you know I'm doing the you know
disorders because waterfall going yeah
the seeds just stroke the Niagara the
waterfall how to get started what you
needed to get to Niagara Falls so I'll
do my border you know that man I thought
it go into and I see like a car parked
right behind me and all the lights were
all new bottle how I thought I saw like
a carpool lane and the ones are all of
this and so I'm I don't want any longer
although doing
taking aim at my front right here my
girlfriend she was also knowing it close
both neighbors on fire and then the
lights turn off
now I don't mean the red like that I
mean a really really bright your lines
like like you know what you know her a
group alternatives are desert yelling
dry and I was like fuck thanks nobody
can a ruler select fucking deeply blows
like justice we have all like slut you
know in the balloon fair shot either
that was me a lot yeah I guess like
someone thought the need on the balloon
and so you know I separate I'm not
laughing the video no helmet no
ownership the jeans and all that so hard
but again get your clothes off son and
oh thank god this we're gonna have my
Lexus not my BMW
so the back windows are fully taking it
out on the window but here you will
captain so Mikey
now what am I supposed to do the car at
all so I can't wallow I go down but I
feel like if I open the door is gonna
shoot me because you have to just you
know open the door yeah mom you should
be lucky I'm alone and start here give
me a hug because imagine my windows were
tinted so he couldn't see me but I could
see him so imagine if I open the door
and he couldn't even see me like he
could like worthless you look at the
floor you see I was born in our 20s and
the car come on you know understand when
you're horny AF the AF wasn't around
when you guys were younger now party and
like what if I die I die and I open the
door slowly I'm like okay you know he
was breaking out yeah
I'm like I'll get my whole like the song
put your hands in the hedge and fucking
tonight no they have a nudist dog
it's called put your hands in there too
fucking tonight oh no no I got another
call
yeah I got out of there but no I put my
shirt on shoot online recruiting hold on
and so I I came out hands up and he
steps back and he's like a someone else
in the car and I hate anybody who did
she cover What did he say she covered
all the way and he really and I thought
I got one more look online so she's
putting a club on it he goes she covered
all the way and I didn't know she had it
going on outside I'm like this I way I
feed back inside the doors like crack
open a feedback in mandel but no she
thought now I'm like can I be so super
close button so she does have to cut out
making and he's like yes we've done good
I'm insane and so she had all the
clothes on that for her to spit out
so first what if what I'm shitting
Michael I've like a soccer getting
needing ticket I've never had an
encounter with the cops well out of my
car and you know face to face with the
officer I've never had this type of
experience and I watched a lot of calls
like on TV so much fun where's the
camera I'm gonna be off cost remotely
like what's going on and so you know I
told her the first thing I said was
officer uh are you going to be taking
down like what am I getting a ticket or
going to be taking out my information
and he said the reason I came here is
not because I saw your car or he's got
someone called actually the reason I
came here and because this area is
actually really high on and drug
activity
the positive on people that do drugs
over here so the cops used to come by
and uh you know chances may be looked at
in do now come on see you weren't doing
drugs however you would like you know he
was trying to take to the hell of a drug
baby he didn't know he doesn't know that
he's never dated a Latino before that
coffee so I'm like oh we're so fucked
right now and I'm like thinking oh my
god comment and thanks so you know he
goes yeah the only guy things not
because I saw you guys are because
someone called it because a lot of
people you do too so we came to check
and me being the dumb X that is personal
we thought so I get so skinny bones
Jones 360 Allatoona warning Milton are
facing a call after get caught my mom
was my mother's address but no you're
not doing something yeah you're not
doing something that okay to be doing
and I was like I know I'm sorry
and then I decide to crack a joke and I
said well officer you know I'm not
saying we were right but Alex who are
doing drugs and I'll get all the way
across the lot mm-hmm okay
no laughing oh sorry officer what we're
not doing drugs down to you not really I
was in barracks on King Balak
Jackie stone Carson was just me and a
call and it was also called forth and
I'm staying here without a urine you
don't want to make little basketball
shorts a skinny twig skinny bones Jones
twig I don't in my head I'm like did you
see anything or hopefully she's got it
it see anything because you know I want
to just yeah I know how to get up to
work some he don't like I'm getting
colleagues out at this one I didn't know
but if it was that's what we doing a
little rounded one city and this point
the only answer was we can't because we
thought people doing drugs and it turns
out you're not doing drugs but you are
still doing something bad
then I try to crack a fucking joke like
an idiot then he lies about this one I
know I figured up then he asked from IV
to gather my rifle I'm screwed but
there's the DUI system there's you know
the sex offender system and then there's
probably a super
gate while having sex with uh behind
York or not I knew for sure going in
that sister and I'll let shit when I
until my mom you know how much is the
ticket I go to jail you mother self and
he asked for my VA taking it down as an
answer Jackie my dear Jesus I knew sure
you're a teen club make sure the air
15-degree MIT s so he totaled my not
going to give us a ticket but you did
take money down so look at this yeah are
you gonna ticket but I'm sure there's
some secret system of the FBI called
idiots go have sex in their car and I'm
sure mine
welcome in front of us butcher horny and
idiots getting angry especially over
here he was actually really hostile shut
up Oh God yeah you know all well who
else would I hear it from from mommy
timeout I request the timeout right me
if I'm wrong but a couple months ago you
guys did a video on Brian's channel and
one of the questions was have you ever
had sex in a car and whom the hypocrites
sitting next to me right here just cuz
you think so just cuz they didn't get
caught by the cops it's okay but since I
got yeah let's do father
mmm massage here please yes who are the
leverage now how thank you so much
Mellinger going on normalize but I'm
trying to look out for you guys is a
dangerous area little okay I'm so scared
of it
I should watch my camera and you know we
get back in the car
we're out you're right we definitely do
not believe we have any any memories
were caught in a hotel or - oh my god
okay hundred thousand oh no that was
very polite - descriptives Alamitos on
this part women coming like but I'm not
going to say the story also we had a
hundred valium life amazing live video
because it was very very bad it was
worse than this lamb but honestly I'm
not even longer here
I should oh my god Circle up to move all
these right that no no no my god this is
why I was scared that we're going to
happen to blue balls guys is when you
start like doing the bad thing and then
you don't finish so then you know your
son Chris so bad you feel like you're
going to die and you honestly just wish
that you die so you have to go through
the pain dad that happened to you oh no
he release it in his boxers on Mac Mele
that's exactly you know so you're not
putting that so I didn't want to get
blue balls because I had already started
like the bad thing and then I didn't get
to finish
good how am I sitting in the middle my
parents right now
I feel like you know we were about in
the lane and I getting a chameleon so we
can oh shit oh shit I just go really
quick Joey should we just finish really
quick
leave you and me no we just don't talk
yeah better than taking a chance against
stupid
I can't couldn't beat my me if I get the
blue balls it hurts too so by doing I
keep them because you're causing all
that okay honestly I you been great but
I'm not that great these all just go
back home we actually got lucky guys but
that because we were pulling out the
collar throw it like hello Eli ways I
could bother because it allowed my magic
you tasted and what if I wanted to go
around yeah okay I didn't and I wanna go
you got a small point to head and we
keep him - no no but let's imagine if I
went back in like inside not inside my
car is how I mean in like one wait
cousin professor sandals haven't came on
in take the top with the top change on
you very fucking King he might have been
I just did you out of mourning no but we
did it so shut the company phone hiyeee
followed us I like focus ball out you
can always secretly fun when you close
that call god technologies I want you to
follow them but also unity that but
anyways out because we're gonna dig us
so I mean that's pretty much the end of
that video net income mom you should be
happy the other drug infested area we're
lucky that I have a very emotional I did
wrong there - Joey listen to the cop I
didn't do the second row yeah I wanted
to death so bad by cunning light khaki
honestly I never ever want to be in the
middle of my parents while watching this
video but you guys requested it so bad
first you guys requested hearing the
story which I gave you guys and then you
guys won't even content with that I gave
you guys a story and everyone oh we got
the story now have your parents react to
it have your pantry actually so that's
exactly what I did I wonder what you
guys are going to ask for next I don't
even want to know because for whatever
reason like I said earlier you guys want
me dead this is asking for death I'm
surprised I'm still alive with just wait
till the camera turns off on there
not by my dad is my daddy proud and
yellow long time but I can't look at
your face
poco let's see how long so cool yeah but
yeah guys honestly I hope you enjoyed
this video very much mom I guess this is
payback for you pranking me earlier
today with the blood Alex nothing can
family I'm planning yes oh my god I'll
show you around the place if you guys
want to see it's really close to the
house I find all the way but guys drop a
like if you enjoyed this video drop a
like if I have some nerve to be sitting
here in front of my birth mother and
birth Club I don't even know what went
on in my head but anyways Thank You
vessel yeah I'll say it for you because
I know what you're gonna say if any of
you guys get like super morning you're
going to car just do it in a place where
you won't get caught like you could do
it out and if you cannot do it done do
it if you have to hide out yeah and now
I don't feel bad about the prank that I
don't it did on him go watch it on my
channel
Oh self-promotion actually actually
didn't hate me a lot this video so go
check out the prank on my mom's channel
that's mama rug for those who don't know
and to top of the off mom honestly tell
me where the condoms we don't pay I
gotta say money money
seriously it's for your ball bites but
you know you think any successful people
use condom successful people put their
money in the bank and they save money
and they invest in property you don't
know spend $12.99 good job thank you
that especially at the rate that I'm
like master I'd be spending millions of
dollars a year we can be yes oh now my
dad just oh my mom is gonna marry him
anyway guys I hope you guys all and
thanks so much for watching this video
beep beep mom you and dad should do a
third time alone you did in the car no
honestly that whole story with Jackie
was fake it was a hoax no sex until
marriage you hear that mom
it was a joke mom I'm still married I am
shaking myself until married it was just
it was a joke maybe I get too sloppy top
but no sex okay that was a little too
far okay bye guys what I forgot to show
you mom with every one of these videos
obviously comes the sweaty orbit hey now
I can turn you on I am um I'm very
nervous you guys want my opinion you
guys can't tell that much because it's a
white shirt dad can you see it oh God
it shows way worse with a gray ship monk
damn it thinking oh yeah you could time
to see it yeah be dad I am nervous
around you guys imagine when the cop
came my armpits were Niagara Falls shit
