what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka for water and today I'm here with
the family so does any a and and today's
video that we're bringing you guys we
have a couple of cups set up on one side
and a couple cups set up on the other
side and then we have some ping pong
balls
so this game might be familiar to you
guys beer pong however mom don't worry
we're not really doing it you like it no
we're not going to be doing it with beer
I wish not beautiful like hard liquor I
wish it was that but we're not well
we're going to be doing is as you guys
see they're six cups on each side so
we're going to have three good drinks
for example Sunny D or lemonade or
Gatorade we're going to have three of
those and then we're going to have three
bath things I don't know whatever you
want to pull from the fridge whether
that's hot sauce soy sauce which I can't
even talk about the word towards outside
drinks so much of it the past month
whatever you want three do three that
and to make this interesting because if
we watch each other put it in the tub
for example cuz me and Brian are a team
and my mom and dad are teams we would
just be aiming at the bad one so what
we're going to do to make things more
interesting me and Brian are going to go
away while my mom and dad spilled their
cups up and my mom and dad are going to
go away while me and Brian's still out
of them so they're not going to know
what they're going to be throwing it out
they could be throwing it out some good
drink or the battery and we're not going
to know what we're going to be throwing
it at so it kind of makes things fun so
that we don't purposely aim it out the
bad one anyways remember no cheating
when you're going to fill yours up so we
go through that not cigarette no you
want to do six best but you ought to
mind but not more than three good you
guys want me a vodka soda first yes okay
so you guys go away on the side there
Peter no peeking
okay guys so me and Brian are gonna fill
Brian for the three good okay honey do
you one right yeah many womaning yeah it
gets the one you need should we just
felt it takes good have a Red Bull I
haven't drank energy drink in such a
long time with you nice when they smile
and my guys I know it's weird for the
first time my life morning pants and
then Brian for the three bad let's not
cheat we have to actually do that let's
do your salsa yeah uh no
worse let's do okay here yeah oh my god
yeah
the teriyaki sauce like the one that we
did for the truth or drink now get
teriyaki Tabasco and I mean that's that
potato okay I would say nyquil but it's
only 125 so we would be passed how about
like two o'clock and for the third one
good but in what those focuses okay just
get that guys we don't know what that is
what's not really what it said on the
label it's just switched oh forgot how
to close the fridge
got my fingers
yes when they smile and my face do i
okay
oh you're - I do you put so much you
gotta be fair you know this one's so
thick oh and I smell it
okay barn this you what right weed so
these are for us yeah this was oh my god
written this is for uh that's for them
oh shit but I said we gotta be sad look
on amount of cheaters
oh you're right okay okay okay that's it
I'm not a cheater I could equally God I
don't know ketchup or something that
wasn't that bad but instead I get I
don't even know that is like an Arabic
cuisine okay honestly look I'm not
trying to be dirty or perverted but how
to just come out yeah okay no okay sorry
dad we're putting the stuff back right
now
gee the impatience of Walter can you
want to leave the previous two years
no that just we trust you guys just
don't look at our cups okay well we left
you guys the same three good ones and
you guys have to choose the three bad
but no looking at our cups please mom
wait where's mum oh okay Brian
Tom we can't look please you don't got
our hub and trust you guys okay put a
plea from this item in each cup okay
why consider back oh my god my ass roll
I thought it was like the exercise ball
I literally felt like but like a bound
and I bounced off the fucking floor
to see you know you can't do that oh my
god please just try to be right look
well I have tried you can't do this okay
just go yeah looking real estate the the
bad items like a vinegar sauce you want
to do soy sauce I hope you can say to me
okay guys
hello alright your butt is located
injured accent is your opinion hey you
guys only put really good one oh yeah
okay and did you guys look at our cups
no smell applause oh my god okay so what
should we do if we make it one who's
gonna drink should we both take this for
example if my dad needs to do the cup
and me and Brian both have to take a sip
out of it because we are a team so we
got to do everything as a team so how
about two decided starts just to rock
paper scissors my mom is my rock paper
scissors mom rock guess
rock-paper-scissors no yeah okay okay
okay no look rock-paper-scissors
no but you don't have to do this when
you hated it rock paper scissors rock
paper scissors scissors cut paper oh no
guys I'm so scared okay oh wait are you
bout to get that
yeah yeah my dad bounces it okay by
logging into first for you okay I'll
shoot first
Oh name it out oh can we block miles
turn right
mom you have hand on the table no
cheating is like a circus game I am more
what King flick see what you can't go
like a vision does it go Gary okay guys
watch this guaranteed make first one yes
Oh what was that tell okay my favorite
is it Lisbon area energy for my mom love
energy drink manga so bad for you I know
that's cheating now they have energy for
the rest of the game
mother no bull good hustle it's our turn
to shoot event can be made it no okay
right should I shoot I gave it
she's a blonde and two in a row you did
one Oh what the hell what is that one
all right good everybody hear it guys
you guys got four more customers three
more bad one so one of them has to be
carried through the room three in a row
one you didn't even know my high school
days kick oh hey looking up in a penny
which one is that you guys are covering
your face I don't know what it is what
is it mama
anyone sighs hey what that's what we
were going to choose a long day oh I can
see the ball where we request to do ping
pong ball hey one hey guys if you can't
I'll have goodnight oh you got both yeah
oh my gosh t-shirt albrow little came
all the do it go we need to stay good
with that
oh no not even half no one come on
once it oh my God my desk look a good
husband he finished it all for my heart
oh my god sad husband of the year
chin husband over here and beer pong
forget we're in a row should I you have
to get going
miss you idiot talking about that I what
is that oh oh not the whole thing
because okay so I'm not the leather
it's okay I one day it will be nice once
if only it is salt I pour just a little
bit where is it they forgot my that's
fair right let's sweep that two more to
imagine he makes a lot to come on I
don't like you vinegar okay what make
this goes I mean I like in my salad but
not oh come on sweetie
what why is it a bit kinky I think I did
how lucky Jackie is are such good aim
okay God it gets harder with your left
up there you have less support to rely
on here you go oh my god
come on Brian please right just like in
the games that I've had sobriety air
goes in and out not like all Georgie
shot come on Nick one not good single
mom you my mom's hand all know much
again yeah yeah here we go here we go
I know you don't like energy okay we'll
put this to the side
now I'm gonna win yeah oh now I know
we're trying to find you okay come on
Brian in shall wha Oh heart now it's
hard to make it yeah
that's the mingoes shit oh no okay well
first of all guys intermission because
in like real beer pong rule that
shouldn't even count because my dad's
clayton kershaw fastball what damages
the whole cup and k brine so we'll pour
some more and then drink it mom it's the
nasty s this thing what is that bad what
they called humbug I mean you it's them
not by itself
oh shit how did you choose it oh no this
one is enough for both of you okay then
please open a wall box I'm a good mom it
would smell why do you smell that
oh right Lizzie is the water I would
rather have a one and vinegar toss it to
a smoothie than this shit
you know I let's put you guys I'll take
and then go there's what happens when me
and Bryce gotta be fair like all the
people work when I would take a1 sauce
over that your engine and it's
definitely not cook beer oh good turns
away the others by the elbows come on
what the fuck
excuse my language mock sorry this will
frustrate see oh come on Brian
does it count
I don't know if it counts on I reshoot
it I'm not a big beer pong player I'll
reach you fine
look out nicely and brighter be today
what was that
what nice feel for you this to the floor
okay sorry okay bye more arch or are we
do it off laughs like that you see in
there and oh yeah yeah okay just want it
for Devin Booker just joking now mother
for this animated come on mom you're
grading the film's name my god yeah
where's Ryan no one is in Hawaii so let
us help you
ha ha ha ha necessity all no you guys go
up Club why did you get you so much for
trying to be spared and see how you're
my mom versus kids tears on the veteran
mindset they know not to take the bad
ones and we love it
taste it here no no okay ah
fuck all these damn challenge videos why
can't I just make love every day go
let's go young killing my dog whoever
buys this house after we move up it's
over oh they're making a comeback
what is it pops what my turn but not
only about drinking it oh we have to win
the game on there and win it Oh God
we're choking so bad oh my gosh come on
where did I suck and this is what I play
including basketball oh and I get it
from my dad so it's often favored yes or
thought I hate it so exhausting I drink
so much sodium in the past okay I know -
pretty fucking it ha ha ha true bedroom
how many times you jack off today oh you
fucker yeah I guess water fun at all oh
my god my god
- you are too much dajin oh ok that's
very funny ruin you I'm up at him away
yeah huh okay Brian let's go up Brian
come on what balls that nah hey remember
the championship team seven weeks ago
what happened at the championship game
oh we're gonna do it do it oh boy I
played more beer pong in high school
Oh what John lemonade lemonade crush
yeah big this guy is a little envious
but I clung to where it matters okay
your turn Oh Brian your clutch gene out
of two straight hey come on make one a
long week hey yella Oh way I'm weak oh
here on that air ball yeah Damania
please fucking King because it's so
frustrating I think it's all in the
knees yeah ah what a day another good
one landing me Oh lemonade but still we
win we should have had a challenge for
the ultimate loser but winners blenders
you guys almost came back mom what
winners my mom's the ultimate loser for
bringing us into this world sucks for
you mom yeah we can just like sit over
here I'm true Oh
no sit on top okay I spilled enough
things on the shirt this will come your
pockets
the nickel flavors and loser anyway God
does a super fun videos to make but also
really scary to make I love making these
types of videos of the family anyway
guys thank you so much for watching this
video drop a like if you did enjoy teens
branding and price one hopefully that's
the favors a lot for our game on tuesday
for everybody wondering I don't even
care how bad my finger hurts I'm still
going to play in the game
so hopefully it's not too bad and we're
ready we got to make up for our last
loss because I was a pretty bad loss we
had dad anyways thank you guys so much
for watching this video I hope you did
enjoy I'm out
Ryan Pizza oh thank you guys for
watching peace
