wait can you sing the little Uzi song I
like when you sing it and with the boots
do the boots you guys watch this heart
attack babe I have your phone
aah aah look at me oh my god I'm so ugly
because babe it is ugly we do it so cute
ok sing it and show your boot do the
boots fine let's go now sing a little
movie some nothing allowed oh my god my
ears are bleeding Hey
no way no only was you Susan okay guys I
got some bad news well bad news for
myself I guess I don't know if there's
bad news for you guys but definitely bad
news for myself when I was at the gym
playing basketball I jammed my finger
really bad during that last game well
I'm hoping it's only Jam hopefully it's
not sprained or I don't think it's
broken but hopefully it's only Jam but
this year hurts really bad me being the
idiot that I am I kept playing so I
jammed my finger but it was the last
game so I'm like whatever I'll just keep
playing obviously I'm an idiot because
this shit got worse and you guys know me
I don't I don't really believe in going
to the doctor whatever I just try to
treat myself at home so I came home and
this thing just keeps feeling worse and
worse and it looks like it's getting
swollen so I'm gonna go over to CBS
right now I'm gonna buy that little
splint that protects me from hitting
something because this thing is not
looking good like I said I'm hoping it's
only jammed because we have a game on
Tuesday and if this is sprained or
fracturing I really don't think it's
broken but if this is sprained then I
probably can't play in the game this
week has just not been my week for my
finger getting jammed at the gym and
then also I haven't mentioned this but
yesterday my cousin had a basketball
game and one of his players couldn't
make it so I filled in for that game and
I ended up getting hit with a shoulder
right in my mouth and my tongue was
bleeding for about ten minutes straight
I'm talking legit like blood was pouring
out onto my Jersey I couldn't make it to
the trash can to spit the blood out
because it was just like spilling out
there was so much blood and it was
bleeding and bleeding for like 10 to 15
minutes
I think he was leading
it looks like that
are you bleeding
oh no babe are you okay with the puns
and then goes fucking problem
hi okay
if you can't tell right now I'm kind of
talking with a list because my tongue is
not normal right now so for me getting
shouldered in the mouth playing
basketball yesterday and then I don't
even know why I went back to the gym
this morning after what happened to my
mouth yesterday but I went back to the
gym and I played and I jammed my finger
that's just what happens when you love
basketball injuries can't stop you from
playing and that's me I love basketball
like guys you don't understand I lost so
much blood for like 15 minutes straight
but I started to feel light-headed but
of course what do I do I check myself
back into the game I subbed myself back
in and I keep playing the rest of the
game because I'm an idiot but it wasn't
for my team is just my cousin's team so
that this week has not been my week but
I'm gonna head over to CVS and try to
get something from my finger okay guys
so I ended up buying these finger
splints what these are for they pretty
much protect your finger from hitting
anything
for example my camera doesn't focus it's
ever since Brian knocked it down with
the foam cubes and out all broken for
example if I'm not wearing those and I
go like this I'm not really gonna do
because I would cry but I go like this
and I hit it I'll go ahh like that but
if I have the split on and I go like
this and it wouldn't matter it doesn't
hurt I don't care either one surprised
me and it also helps keep your fingers
straight so you don't bend it and then I
also bought a cold pack so ice is your
finger for you obviously the best thing
to do is just to ice your finger I think
I'm gonna mostly just put my finger in
ice because that works the best Oh dr.
Jackie to the rescue dr. Jackie ala mode
way show you guys I'm gonna ice it after
a little bit if you heard me I'm gonna
call the cops
biorobot one tighter
no it's hard enough they just protects
it so now for example stand up babe on
it no just stand up okay if I go how did
you already know she's turned around for
example if I go like this now it doesn't
hurt but if I were to do it without this
and it would hurt very bad Bosley and
seeing I could actually pet Bosley lud
Bosley did you see what happened this
has not been my week between this finger
and what happened at the game with the
tongue it was bad you were bleeding a
lot and you like it's all over your
shirt and then no it was mine
now guys it was my tongue and it started
bleeding so fast I couldn't even make it
to the trashcan I was like this and the
blood started like boiling out and me
being the idiot that I am I went back
into the game where's your Starbucks oh
good
Jackie bought herself and Brian
Starbucks however I don't drink coffee
so I actually made my wrong yeah guys I
don't we drink coffee sleep it so bad
hey what is it like cinnamon yeah it's
not though it's not definitely now they
actually mmm
so yeah guys I'm just going to keep
trying to treat my finger hopefully it
feels better by Tuesday we have a couple
more dates our game and if we're being
honest even if it doesn't feel better or
even if it's broken or sprained no
matter well I'm probably still going to
play I'm not going to lie and be like oh
hopefully doesn't hurt too bad because I
would have to miss the game because I'm
probably not going to miss a game either
way so oh wait tell them how bad my
tongue was what happened when we tried
to make out yesterday guys I forgot that
I even got her on my tongue so you know
me and Jackie were just in bed we're
just chilling and I would never let me
make out you know you actually took
stuck your tongue in my mouth
yeah no the look you know the look that
you gave so we look at each other and I
was like okay and so we're about to make
out we start making out thanks thumbs up
if you think Brandon look sexy wait stop
I'm gonna get so many dislikes now okay
you can shut outfit wait let me tell
them so we're about to start making out
you know she keeps her tongue in my
mouth I stick my tongue in her mouth and
I go ah way out and
so bad okay wait little spin on each
other's oh I can't stop this this is
Sam's he's so good huh wait turn around
Wow
God you don't mean you gotta stay
positive I could be down you know I hurt
my finger I've hurt my tongue and I can
do like this baby I believe in even if
you're hurt hell naw feels great right
now it's pretty swollen it looks kind of
out of place and I'm hoping it only
looks like this because it just happened
a couple hours ago I'll update you guys
later on in the day probably later at
night to see if it gets better if it
gets worse if it gets better we could
scream hallelujah if it gets worse later
on in the night then that's probably bad
news we don't want to see that right
Bosley we'll update you guys later on
tonight you know why I have faith that
it's going to feel better because I have
the best doctor taking care of me so I
feel like no matter how bad it hurt and
no matter what the injury is it'll feel
better because shout out she knows how
to take care Drake take care yeah you
know what you're doing so I have faith
in you yes I actually get scared when he
has an injury and he's liking you just
like take care you are my doctor I don't
go to a doctor I'm asking you braces my
dress just give it kiss and then that's
it oh yeah you can tell my fingers
crooked because the splint is straight
but it looks crooked because of the way
my finger is like you get what I mean
the splint is actually on straight yeah
but it looks like it's crooked
yeah but it's actually my finger okay
guys well that's definitely not good
news
my gosh feel like a robot anyway guys
look so I'm editing my video right now
and I love this thing look you don't
feel anything I can't even play
basketball with this wait I'm gonna go
to every single house in the
neighborhood and be like just a knock on
the door but no god I'm literally
editing with one finger taking so much
longer than usual oh by the way a bunch
of people that were at the gym with me
when this happened snapchat me after and
they told me that the same thing had
happened to them and that it was
sprained and I told them cuz I'm hoping
this is just Jan I don't want it to be
sprained
but they told me that it's probably
sprained I don't know honestly I'm
Brandon so I played a lot of basketball
in my life and I've had a lot of jam
fingers and if we're being honest this
one feels a little bit worse than a
regular jam it feels kind of like a
spring bottle want to admitted so we'll
just see how things go later tonight and
tomorrow we'll see how it turns out but
um yeah I've had a lot of jam fingers in
my life and this one does feel a little
different but I still don't think it's
broken
I think either jammed or spring I don't
know there's anyway he's broken knock on
wood obviously but it will see you guys
it's time to edit this video look
there's me editing with those fingers
okay guys so I know I said I update you
later on tonight but take this like a
mini update so it's been a couple hours
since I was editing my video it's like 7
or 8 p.m. right now and I have the
icepack thing on my finger and let me
just say that it doesn't look like it's
getting any better honestly looks like
it's getting worse and like I feel so
this just puts me in such like a
depressing mood because I love
basketball like that's the only thing
that I consider fun in my life I don't
like to go out to parties I don't like
to go out to clubs and go drink my
getaway my fun is basketball so whenever
something like this happens and it looks
like potentially I could be out for a
couple of days or maybe god forbid a
couple weeks it just kills my whole mood
and I know I said I always stay positive
and you always got to try to stay
positive but it's just hard when I when
I know that I'm probably not going to be
able to play for a couple of days look I
don't care about the pain this could
hurt like
crazy it could hurt and her and her and
her and I wouldn't care the thing that
puts me in a bad mood isn't the pain the
thing that puts me in a bad mood is just
like knowing I'm not going to be able to
play that's why I hate it I hate it so
much
and me not being able to play basketball
is like taking away a baby's favorite
toy from them it's like taking away what
they love some people might think I'm
overreacting oh it's just a couple days
about basketball or maybe a couple weeks
oh you might only miss one game maybe
two games who cares you guys don't
understand man I love basketball and all
my athletes out there you guys know what
I'm talking about whether you're a
football player basketball baseball
hockey soccer boxing it doesn't matter
any athlete out there you guys know that
when you get injured and it's an injury
that makes you have to rest or relax or
not be able to play the sport that you
love for a couple of days or a couple
weeks it just puts you in a mood that I
don't know even Jackie like I told her
right now I just kind of want to be by
myself I kind of want to be alone so
she's hanging out with my mom right now
her and my mom loved each other so
that's fine my mom gets so happy when
her and Jackie hang out so I just I'm
alone right now
I wanted to be alone and this looks like
it's getting worse hopefully it's only
looking like this because it's the first
day and it ends up being nothing but
we'll see I thought it would look better
not like this so I just kind of killed
my whole mood and I'm hoping that it
gets better tonight or it gets better
tomorrow or I don't know we'll see what
happens oh this is not the mood that I
wanted to be in but hey it's sport shit
happens you got to deal with it
hey guys it's almost 1:00 in the morning
right now it's like 12:30 I thought I
was praying honestly it's a little
swollen but mom it would be if it was
spring but definitely definitely is like
something's wrong with it and me being
the idiot that I am I kept playing the
name I finished playing the game and now
what do you know swollen finger he
already had a sound fingers yeah I
already have this finger man yeah I
already had a bad right finger but it's
not as bad all my basketball players out
there you guys can tell when a finger is
jammed and I should have stopped playing
at that point but I didn't know it was
gonna be this bad so now I feel it's out
of place
I'm not gonna go to the doctor
the urgent care whatever I don't I'm not
gonna do that I'm just gonna I say and
see what happens if it keeps getting
worse then obviously I have to go but um
no I don't know but we have a game on
Tuesday and I'm just hoping to try be by
them because the gym I could skip a few
days at the gym I don't mind but I
really don't want to miss a league game
I don't I don't mind skipping a few days
at the gym but I really really don't
want to miss a game that's something
that I would be really upset about if I
had to miss one of our games but that
means you got to keep icing well this is
my Friday night you guys that's what
happens when you love basketball so you
play a bunch you get hurt and then even
when you get hurt you keep playing and
this is what happens you gotta pay the
price for loving sports with sports come
injuries well guys this is my Friday
night sitting in bed with a jammed
finger filled with a couple bites I
almost one in the morning I hope you
guys are having a much better Friday
night than this if you are shout out to
you guys if you're not having a better
Friday night you guys need to change
that next week go have fun
go do something that you like to do and
why not donate under the fridge I don't
know guys I'm a mess I hate basketball
not like what good does it come from me
playing gospel I'm not gonna go through
the NBA so why do I play just to get
injured mm-hmm god I'm a mess all right
guys well I'll see you soon you can't
tell too much but like around here
around this area see this is where you
could see kind of out of place like on
the sides I don't know if you can you
tell from the camera or no yeah it's
like yeah it's very out of place and
then over here it's kind of swollen and
purple and look it keeps shaking like I
can't hold it straight I don't know why
this is this only part that scares me if
it was just purple and like bruise right
here I wouldn't know for sure it's only
jammed and I wouldn't really care but
when I feel that it's kind of out of
place on the sides that's what kind of
scares me so on yeah looks like compared
to much but everybody who knows me
personally and everybody who knows me
you watching my videos you guys know I
don't like going to the doctor's and
then them telling me well your fingers
injured you know you can't play
basketball for this long and this long I
just don't like being told that I can't
play basketball it's simple so I don't I
always try to avoid the doctor and fix
things on my own so on we'll see how
this goes a little bit of ice will do
the trick
Bosley I'll get it checked out if it
gets worse but for now I'm gonna try to
heal on my own and guys isn't that crazy
I don't go to the doctor just because
I'm scared of the doctor saying that I
can't play basketball like you would
figure some people are scared if the
doctor says you need surgery or if the
doctor says oh my god this is a really
bad Bubble Ball sprain or it's broken I
don't care about that I'm just scared
that the doctor tells me you can't play
basketball that's why I avoid going to
the doctor for my bag and that's why I
avoid going for my finger because I like
being told not to play bass Walkman and
I know if you're not an athlete you just
won't understand this feeling if you're
not an athlete or if you don't love the
sport that you play I know people are
going to be saying oh wow you're
overreacting who cares if you can't play
for a couple days you guys just won't
understand so I'm not expecting you to
understand but all my people out there
who love the sport you guys know exactly
what I'm talking about you guys know the
mood that I'm feeling right now knowing
that I probably can't play basketball
for a certain amount of time this
feeling is I hate this feeling and like
I said this this feeling that I'm sad
and upset has nothing to do with the
pain I could crush a freaking boulder on
my finger and yeah the pain would hurt
but that pain wouldn't be worse than
knowing that I can't play basketball for
a couple of days that's what's making me
upset has nothing to do with the pain
that
