and oh wait no hold on it they say and
Holly what they take three two one and
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters and today I'm here with my
beautiful girlfriend Jacqueline and
reduce yourself hi guys I'm Jacqueline
you know I never noticed how many people
actually love Jackie until we go out and
we need a bunch of supporters and so
many of them so many of them freak out
over Jackie I love it it's funny you
guys for loving me more than him clearly
so today's video is actually going to be
a storytime this story was highly
requested ever since me and my boy ollie
did the truth or drink there was a
question in the truth or drink that read
have you ever been caught by the cops
having sex wait hold on that just
sounded wrong have you ever been caught
having sex by the cops I don't know why
the practicing thing I know but when I
should have you ever been caught by the
cops having say I don't know either way
me and only you know we both answered
that question
and my answer to that was yes I have
been caught by the cops however that
video was not a story time video so you
know we just moved on to the next
question and ever since that day you
guys have been killing me on Twitter
I've been getting tweets every single
day
tell us the story tell us the story tell
us the story so today me and Jackie you
know we're just laying in bed I'm like
babe I don't have a video for tomorrow
you know you want to just tell the story
and at first we were like well now yeah
first you were hesitate we're like you
know we don't want to tell it we don't
want to but at the same time it's just
funny like this isn't something that
happens to people on a daily basis take
it seriously like we're or whatever
we're not doing odd things yes all the
time together yeah we just always get
ourselves into sticky situations so if
there's a first video you're watching on
us you're probably like oh that's weird
but if you guys know us you know we
always find a way to just get into a
sticky situation so people who watch
this indoors are going to be like of
course Brandon
of course so without further ado we
decided you know it would be a funny
story to tell and we're ready to tell
you guys so you know me and gentlemen we
were ok just took us on a date it's not
that I am me and yet yeah you forget
about the date Parkers what happened
after - Joe ah ok hey sailor we went on
a date though ok we went to the beach I
know you guys want me to say movies
Jackie wishes I said we went to the moon
Oh bad so can I just put this paper here
on our memory having gone to the movies
and we've been saying to God I don't
like going to the movie theatres if I'm
spending that much time looking at a TV
I'd rather watch a basketball game but
we'll go one bit we'll go on maybe on my
birthday maybe on your 60th birthday
Jackie to the movies on my birthday not
a regular birthday 50th birthday you
guys let's keep it going so we were at
the beach you know just hanging out I
don't know maybe got some ice cream just
walked around yeah we were eating just
walking around the ocean and you know
for everybody out there who's in a
relationship whether you're a boyfriend
or girlfriend you guys know that when
you go on a date you know you kind of
get you get to know you're just looking
at your significant other for so long
any other hanging out and you know just
having a good time yeah yeah and you
guys are not touch me fucking liar just
like this ah
oMG and so you know you guys you know
you're just learning throughout the day
so you get kind of turned on and regular
people you know after a day they go home
and then you know one thing leads to
another and boom before you know what
you're in there that's regular people
for us so we finished the day and you
know we're on our way back home but the
beach is like here and then my house is
like all the way like here so it's kind
of like a 20-minute Drive like I know I
got 20 degrees out like an hour yeah so
you know to us 20 minutes is a long time
and so you know one of the car and we're
just like slanting yeah we're flirting
and we're like honestly 20 minutes no
that's way too long with just you know
find a place and just just kick it in
the backseat you know just hang out in
the backseat of my car
and now really yeah we really hung out
like hung out of the pen saying like
okay
okay well I will talk about it nice so
and keep in mind guys when we said we
went to the beach it's not during the
day because for those who know I do all
my YouTube stuff during the day so this
was at night late at night like 9 or 10
p.m. so we had gone to the beach I like
9 or 10 p.m. but at this point driving
back home it's probably midnight or 1:00
in the morning and you know we're
driving around the area and I find this
spot and we're so done because I
actually drove so far to find the spot
we might as well just went to the damn
house but I don't know we were just what
I remember being adventure then
obviously it didn't all work in our
favor you know young love it was like a
couple months ago so we were very young
we didn't understand okay so you know
I'm driving back if we're being honest
it took me like 30 minutes to actually
find the spot so I'm an idiot for that
but we find the spot and it's actually
really close to my house so anyways we
find the spot and it's like it looks
like an abandoned parking garage I don't
know it looks weird but it's all dark
except there's like a little lie and
nobody's there it's like a two storey
parking garage it's just a weird place
but I'm like okay you know what this
will do so you know we're just chilling
and I play my playlist remember the
Usher no no no I have a 36 playlist so I
start playing in you know one thing lead
to another one in the back see and we
finish around around is done we're done
okay you know we okay fine talk about
nicely we finished we made love for one
round of you know intercourse and a lot
of kissing because that's what
passionate you know it's very passionate
intimate like this Hey
no like that yeah like that okay fun
like this okay so we finished one round
and you know normal people they don't
get too greedy you know they go around
and then they go back home and you know
the days over but me I'm a firm believer
in - it's not just - if you have time
it's an endless amount I mean if you're
in a rush yeah I'm a believer in just
one round get it done and then go do
what you have to do but if it's midnight
or 1:00 in the morning and you have time
to spend you know one round two round
three round four it does you know
as well at that time we thought it was a
good idea to like stay there longer than
others so like we were I was just like I
need to like you know know guys so we
finish around okay like I said normal
people they go home whatever but us
we're just telling you know all my guys
out there you know you can't go one
round in another back-to-back you can
have a have to have a little bit of a
waiting period and of course a long
before I keep going when I say make love
and intimate up obviously to the girl
you plan on marrying you can't just go
out and have sexual intercourse yeah
with you know random people it has to be
the one you plan on marrying so uh very
safe don't laugh because I know why
you're laughing but you must got very
very safe sex if we're being honest I
myself do not even Connor but everybody
else you need much as he does you just
like to do almost any people okay guys
anyways so you know we're getting ready
round two we're about to go in I make
dumb people okay how can I tell this
story without being voters because you
have to take and okay so I chose what
else I mention me and I just wanted to
okay so my beautiful girlfriend looked
at me and at that point I was like okay
it's time for round two so you know I
took we took my clothes off and you know
she's like on like like took the clothes
off as well and you know very carefully
very sexy typical and so you know I'm
doing the you know the starter to get
the waterfall going yeah at ease to
start the Niagara Falls on the waterfall
had already been started but you needed
to get to Niagara Falls so you know I'm
doing my work and I'm about to go in and
I see like a car parked right behind me
and all the lights were off but I don't
know how I saw I just saw like a car
pull in and the lights were off and so
I'm like what the fuck and I saw what
all doing but I'll still make it and
then my friend right here my girlfriend
she was also not wearing any clothes
you're my girlfriend and my best friend
and then the lights turn on not but I
don't mean the red of LuAnn why I mean
that I mean the really really bright
bright is like in life that you know you
know your screw
nice and at that point you know her
Nagre falls turned into a Sahara Desert
it was like like dry and I was like fuck
I mean I went from like ruler to like
fucking deflated balloons like just that
I was like fuck it's a tough and so you
know I started putting my clothes on you
know mine is easy I always wear
basketball shorts so I just flipped on
my dog for a solid easy but her she has
the jeans and all that so it's hard to
try to get it get her clothes on
something so thank god this was when I
had my Lexus not my BMW so the back
windows were fully tinted and so the cop
comes up knocks on the window and it's
fully tinted so I could see him but he
can't really see me and I'm like what am
I supposed to do the car is off so I
can't roll the window down
but I feel like if I open the door he's
going to shoot me because you're not
supposed to just you know open the door
but I took my chances I'm like whatever
if I die I die and I open the door
slowly and I'm like okay you know he
literally do
watch his hand god I don't know it's
like okay I'm going out with my kid I
had both hands up and I'm like am I like
I don't have anything on me am I allowed
to come out and he kind of peeks in and
he turns away and I'm like sir hold on
and so I I came out hands up and he
steps back and he's like if someone else
in the car and I said yes and he's like
is she covered What did he say he said I
mean he said is she covered all the way
and you're like and I peeked back so
she's putting her clothes on any goes
she covered all the way and I didn't
know she had her clothes on or not so I
I'm like this and I went I peeked back
inside the doors like cracked open I
peeked back to him and I was like no
she's not and I'm like can I please tell
her to put her clothes on so she does
have to come out naked and he's like
yeah tell her to tell her to stay in
until she has all the clothes on and
then for her to step out so first of all
at this point
I'm shitting myself I like aside from
getting a speeding ticket I've never had
an encounter with the cops where I'm out
of my car and you know face to face with
an officer I've never had the type of
experience and I watch a lot of costs
like on TV so I'm like fuck what's like
am I where's the camera am I going to be
on cops reloaded like what's going on
and so you know jack is getting your
clothes
I'm talking to the cop and I told him
the first thing I said was officer are
you going to be taking down like like am
I getting a ticket are you going to be
taking down my information and he said
the reason I came here is not because I
saw your car because someone called
actually the reason I came here and
because this area is actually really
high up and drug activity and there's a
lot of drug deals and a lot of people
that do drugs over here so the cops used
to come by and uh you know check the
area and he looked at me and he goes now
from what I see you weren't doing drugs
however you were like you know he was
trying to tell me you know you were
fucking I mean I mean you were having
intimate sex cause he actually I'm sure
he said and keep in mind you guys I
can't hear anything because Brandon and
have literally stuff super told me to
come here from the car so I'm like oh
we're so fucked right now and I'm like
thinking oh my god oh man and and so you
know he goes yeah the only reason I came
is not because I saw you guys are
because someone call is because a lot of
people do drugs here so we came to check
and me being the dumb ass that I am
first of all I didn't have my shirt on I
designed my bath box or thought
so imagine some skinny bones Joan twig
is standing there I like to in the
morning
middle of the night facing a cop after
getting caught having stuff he knew what
we were doing he was like obviously you
guys aren't doing drugs but you know
you're not doing something yeah you're
not doing something that's okay to be
doing and I was like I know I'm sorry
and then I decide to crack a joke and I
said well officer you know I'm not
saying we were right but at least we
were doing drugs and I'm you know I'm
waiting for him to laugh okay no laughs
and I was just like oh sorry officer
no any fucking night you mean he looks
at me again come here come here baby
you're so scared not owning it up no
really I was embarrassed I'm standing
there like Jackie still McArthur was
just me and the cop and it was an older
cop of course and I'm sitting there
without a shirt you know my big loose
basketball shorts a skinny twig skinny
bones Jones twig and I'm in my head I'm
like did you see anything or hopefully
this guy didn't see anything because
you know I don't want to be jealous yes
I thought I was like come here if you
have your clothes out come here so she
comes out my mom's gonna beat my ass
yeah he at this one I didn't know but if
it was illegal or I just wanted to know
if we were going to get a ticket at this
point the only thing he had said was we
came because we thought people were
doing drugs and it turns out you're not
doing drugs but you are still doing
something bad then I tried to crack the
fucking joke like an idiot then he
didn't last not this one I didn't know
am I gonna get a ticket or no then he
asks for my ID and at that point I was
like I'm screwed
like there's the DUI system there's you
know the sex offender system and then
there's probably a system for getting
caught having sex in the middle tonight
in your car and I knew for sure I was
going in that system and I was like shit
what am I going to tell my mom you know
how much is the ticket am I gonna go to
jail all the stuff and he asked for my
ID and he's taking it down then he asked
for a Jackie's idea he's like are you
sure you're 18
can I have to make sure that yeah I'm
like yes so he told us that he's not
going to give us a ticket but he did he
did take my name down so like I said
yeah I didn't get a ticket but I'm sure
there's some secret system with the FBI
called idiot Scott having sex in their
car and I'm sure my name Jackie yeah
they probably make fun of us I'm sure -
Jackie name is on some sort of list I
don't know what wait on that soon yeah
dumbass wanted to and so surprisingly he
likes us girl and you know he told us if
we plan on doing something like this not
to be doing he said it's just dangerous
instead especially over here he was
actually really nice so shout out the
hand I forgot his name you sure you'll
find this yeah I'm sure he'll come
across the video somehow thank you so
much for letting us go and also he was
nice he said I'm trying to look out for
you guys this is a dangerous area with a
lot of drugs I didn't know that I
shouldn't just went to my damn house but
so I thanked him I like thank you so
much also we won't be doing this again
and you know we get back in the car
we're out - right there now just lucky
we didn't give way to definitely did not
do that I would think we would learn our
lesson but we didn't know okay it
happened again oh yeah we had okay for a
separate story time if you guys leave
how many lies if we get I want 50,000
likes on the deal and then we will tell
part two about how we've been caught by
cops again about no but that one's very
book like too descriptive so I don't
know okay let's make it a hundred
thousand lights a hundred thousand
because that one is very like and like
many things happen there at time
actually like that no it was way way way
longer than this one I'm actually I'm
sweating right now
but no guys honestly so after the cop
left we get back in the car and we're
like because I'm sure all my guys out
there you guys know what blue balls is
right
it's I don't need to explain if you know
what it is you know what it is if you
don't they just go look it up and I was
scared I told Jackie I was like you know
we were about to go in and I didn't get
to go in so we can oh shit look should I
just go really quick so we should we
just finish really quick
he's like no like we just got caught on
a day of calls and I was like okay fine
honestly
I'm stupid and crazy but I'm not that
crazy so I'll just go back home we
actually got lucky that I said that
because when we were pulling out the
cobble soldiers like waiting until we
left but he was waiting for that waiting
outside so that we could go out and my
god imagine if you caved in and like
because I wanted to go around - yeah you
know you got to use this tattoo come on
no guys but just imagine if I went back
in like inside not inside my car or
inside the house I mean in like in like
that just imagine the how you comment
like what do you think the cop would say
the cop would be in shock he would say
are you fucking kidding me right now did
I just give you guys a warning no but we
did it so shout out to the cop from
being so now he followed us now my
length you probably fall on you probably
secretly saw you putting your clothes
back on God turned on his I want you to
follow them right now officers if you
did see that but anyways so here guys I
guess we never really wanted to tell
this story but then we thought about it
were like as vulgar and embarrassing as
it is it's also just as funny and like I
said you guys have been killing me
please make the story time video please
make the story time video and what is
this YouTube channel for if you or what
you guys want to see the videos there
for your eyes to watch so we decided to
tell the story and honestly just young
love I'm 21 she's 20 we're gonna have
stupid situations like this and if you
guys know Brandon waters and Jackie
Figueroa then you know we have even more
stupid you know situations that we put
ourselves into our
all the time we're doing more than the
regular human being I don't know why
we're like that but we just are we're
just like I not potluck but like if we
were just tell you the things that
happened to me and in Malaysia what
everything like you would be surprised
that we're still here like a life and
not a normal area
I cannot Baker not colored ah
anyways anyway guys thank you so much
for stopping by and watching this video
I hope you really did enjoy it
remember safe sex only and only have sex
with the people that you plan on
marrying yeah but if you do plan on
marrying like six or seven people can go
for it that's what I'm going to say but
ah not me I'll take the other if you can
know what you're really around room yet
not guys really thank you so much for
watching me I don't get carried away
yeah he like it's turned on and it's
like minute my opinion I would have been
turned on right before this video is
yeah it sober so uh thank you so much
for watching this video I really do
appreciate you guys watching wrote to to
mill is still on we're less than one
hundred fifty thousand subscribers away
so I have no idea what I'm going to hit
it but I do know it's creeping up and
it's I'm really nervous I'm really
excited I'm really anxious I don't know
what this feeling is and I haven't even
hit too much I can't even imagine when I
actually do a hit too late it's just
going to be crazy
honestly oh when I hit two mill you want
to go back to a place and yeah we should
do it do you guys really don't learn her
lesson
I love devin booker he shouted me out
when he was 20 called booty on twitch
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching and i love you guys oh yeah
peace out eight tone down you know that
song yeah let's sure if he says english
then okay bye guys oh and by the way if
you do plan on having you know in a car
please don't get caught by the college
because it is very very embarrassing and
scary my mother is more embarrassing and
you actually could be like yo you could
a sex offender because where it is like
oh we shouldn't even stop yeah I won't
even tell the story that's a different
no that story's never gonna be on
YouTube the one in um oh no guys I'm
done
now hold on wait just um be us yeah yeah
don't be on that's a role we could give
you you could watch us and laugh at us
just don't don't be a drunk me it's for
your own safety and for your own health
and do not be a Brandon or Jackie anyway
thank you guys so much for watching
fine guys your mind a always thing I've
ever seen you know now it is oh and by
the way for anybody saying oh you guys
are dirty you guys are like whores or
whatever no this was just we were dating
for it wasn't when we first met each
other when we first started talking this
was well into our relationship
