hey y'all good morning now you should
say like oh hey I didn't know you were
recording oh hey I didn't know you're
recording today if I'm off time to make
jokes I'm in a rush
guys what's going on you guys bringing
your aka the waters and I'm in a huge
rush because I want to go play
basketball scores what's new but it's
almost time to leave and me and Jackie
haven't ate breakfast hey can I just
show them the shirt you're wearing hey
guys for all my day 1 subscribers you
guys remember this shirt right the blue
shirt I think it's time to pass the
throne it might be time my reign with
the blue shirt might be over Bosley I'm
sorry I didn't choose you but you don't
give me what Jackie gives me no you
can't keep it it's just a daily rental I
might be renting the shirt out it costs
her a couple thousand because it is the
famous blue shirt
but guys I stole Jackie Jackie Jackie
Jackie Jackie Jackie say that 10 times
fast Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie Jackie
Jackie Jackie oh god no but really
wait I'm gonna make us breakfast I'm an
attempt to make us breakfast guys Jackie
gave me this jacket as a gift yes you
did she gave it to me as a gift and now
she's claiming no I never gave it to you
other gift she did she never gave it to
me as a gift yes you did she never gave
it to me as a gift baby you gave this to
me as a gift at the start of the new
year you said it's January it's cold
we're doing so guys we're leaving to the
oh my God my horchata it's right here
here
horchata okay how you say it Oh - Chatta
horchata okay wait it's so good to drink
it's been a while guys I'm gonna attempt
to make what would you like from the
menu as Eggs Benedict eggs and bacon
would you like we don't have time for
that so sorry do you want eggs do you
want scrambled eggs or with the I okay
no no no no no okay I have about oh five
maybe ten minutes late oh he hit me I
think he does different okay guys so I
have about five to ten minutes and I'm
going to attempt to cook me and Jeff
okay so would you like are healthy or
heart attack
no you don't need to eat donuts before
the hit now to put too much luck in the
oil well you did it yes I did it all oh
my god he threw it under trash I need to
say that for those who don't know how to
cook like me if you put too much oil
then when you turn the fire on it goes
and all the oil oh come oh okay now for
scrambled eggs to trick me I'm a would
you like eight two two wine actually no
- I'm doing car dog to them I do a breed
egg breakfast and we each get one and a
half this time oh they look like you you
have similar faces guys what cost Louis
oh my god I haven't wore my basketball
shoes yet and you babe what other table
isn't clean
and then all the cracks ah boo
watch this guy's one hand Wow
I hate the feeling of mucus and it's not
mucus heavier than an egg it's the yolk
and then mucus all that mucus is it
there oh no guys look he puts the shells
in there no I didn't the yolk and mucus
okay now the trick with my scrambled
eggs this is brand new scrambled eggs oh
my god Lily the whole bottle salt and
I'm gonna whole salt
I mean pepper and then you got a whiskey
you got a whisk it for the biscuit
honestly I know if I told you I love
this jacket
it's my jacket and dude to me guys
listen let me tell you a story real
quick while he's whatever that is called
I custom that jacket because Drake and
pictures album yeah you and you customs
if you bought it then you gave me my
life and I'll give it to you one little
everyone would I give it to so if your
great great great grandma makes
something and then she passes it down is
she going to come back and say hey
actually that's mine no you made it but
then you gave it to me um no but the
thing is that you lie Brandon loves to
lie you love to lie on New Year's you
said they its January it's winter it's
getting cold so here is objective
I gave me that don't jacket I mean I I
just rice until it no you know no no no
no let's not get crazy ice until there
one so I made a trade offer I gave her
the price until own bat and a
first-round pick for the Drake and
future one and she accepted to do now I
do not accept a trade 19 and you're not
you think okay she hasn't tried to turn
back the James Harden trade you can the
Rockets already traded from they can't
say oh not won it back
nope okay now the eggs are going in but
we literally have five minutes to
cookies Andy oh nice look
have you lie so much no she is right he
did give me that Bryson tiller one and
then I traded on a Nellie there was no
trade deals you know because I am the
person that makes a deal yeah I'm the
manager the micro manager the owner I
was sober Charlie trustee I was and why
does it look like wait you're you're
spoiling my superb recipe please turn
the camera off why like this okay okay
guys - while the eggs are cooking or
whatever call what is he was that my
basketball shoes on because I'm running
out of time and they did help I live my
life every single day in a huge rush and
for everybody who knows me
what are you before the gene do let's do
it I can't now they're gonna cook yeah
yeah yeah you have time boom wait Lester
stir them ok and then tie your shoe oh
my god that's what cheese ah
yeah energy from Debbie's not saying
yeah like no you forgot oh I thought you
were discriminating me and baby no I was
okay guys I gotta put some more salt and
pepper now you guys brain is going to
place in the air right now
well if you turn the camera off it'll
make poisoning a whole lot easier
No Oh God what should I put an omelet
turkey or Bosley dog meat mom please dog
meat
no I'm kidding I'm kidding you you said
it listen to the girl training huh oh
yeah no no no you'll be like go back
honestly don't you talk to me I'll be
back okay and I want to talk to her and
she'll be like hello like well you said
not to talk to me not it's annoying was
it don't you say not to talk to me yeah
and you're annoying because I say it
don't talk to me because you do
something bad okay but when you think
I'm talking doesn't I need not talking
you can authors or something bad so I
don't get pissed at you of course it you
want extra cheese yes or what cheese is
that this is the cheese not that you
must
or no you know the thing that smells
like white they called range heroic
surgery and here is not like ad haha why
do you know what that smells like
what the cheese are at both know how
both know I love you cheese the Ranchero
can you thank you thank you all so true
okay we got we have about 30 seconds to
Eve oh my god would you tell yourself if
you have to date someone like me yes did
playing oh no you have bad chef skills
here Travis that's hot just right no
it's too hot let me try it we can go so
Jackie has a complain but she might have
a valid one she said babe that does not
look cooked and honestly she's right
this is not cooked yet however were
three minutes late so we're going to
have to eat it regardless of how it's
cooked we can't waste food so we can't
be late to the gym so we have to eat
this how it is right now but I don't
know what's the worst that could happen
if we eat some lines we might be picking
this vlog up from the hospital kidney
stone crabs well let's uh see were
constipated
I'm yuck how does it taste good be ne2
for sure not perfect it's fine we got to
go play we don't have time to cook the
eggs
god of course the one day that I rush
and don't cook the egg
we get all worried that it's going to be
packed by the time I get here of course
nobody chosen of course we damn near
risked our lives eating raw eggs I
should have just cooked the eggs fully
Mike I didn't cook the eggs good and I
ate raw eggs to show up because I
thought I was going to miss the first
game and no one's here you saw the game
winner Mike yeah shout out to Mike
watches all my videos I'm gonna do the
same thing to you right here oh well
we've gone to the bag man what do you
mean gone to breakfast I could have made
a good breakfast okay guys wait don't
pull it yet if you pull it to the slash
my fingers what do you want forty five
or thirty thirty we sorry guys we got a
weakling in the house
okay so first don't strain your bag just
okay so first pull it careful both hands
okay and keep your back straight no
don't don't like tug your back in this
way keep it straight and then when you
pull back try to have like right here
pinch each other like these two come in
yeah like that like that let's go she's
taking listing tips from a twig yeah
you're doing good keep your chest a
little out pop your chest a little out
yeah show me those boots yes please
guys know I had my days I used to lift
and then I got super busy so I don't
list anymore I just play ball that's why
I'm skinny as a twig okay baby what are
you doing instead of fifty that's good
that's great
okay don't pull it if you pull it it
looks nice my fingers
it's because you didn't take a break
after your set you can do like a set of
50 yeah no okay that's your workout for
the day she did like 12 reps and then
right away more red
now people showed up Romo we got an egg
I got all these shout out only if you
knew I was logging you that's not there
if you knew I was logging you to cut
their replies now he'll see watch watch
watch what my blade but the mirror back
on the ball oh no tip 101
oh no oh
Hey
middle-eastern temper hey Hollywood
the golden one
 and you want to pay for $5,000 oh
no I'm an idiot why would I even play
knowing that I have a game later tonight
well nobody showed up I should have just
took myself and last I should have been
like I got a game later tonight I'll
just rest but instead I had to stay and
play I ended up playing for like three
hours and you got a game later tonight
let's do this I'm an idiot I should
listen to you guys you guys always tell
me don't play on the day that you have
games just wait till your games I never
listen man I love basketball it's too
tempting to go play and burnt out but we
got a game to win tonight ok I saw him
back from the gym you know all sorting I
was about to hop in the shower but right
when I got home I was scrolling through
Twitter and a lot of people started
tweeting me saying that Devin Booker
gave me a shout-out and after that I was
like whoa what did he give me a
shout-out on but then I remembered that
Devin Booker is a huge Call of Duty fan
for those who don't know yes Devin
Booker and also DeAngelo Russell they
loved playing Cod so today Devin Booker
in the end zone Russell were on twitch
streaming and so Devin Booker was
answering questions and someone else
I'll just play you guys the clip I think
it was really cool look I'll give some
people shoutouts on Twitter that were
tweeting me look guys so shout-out to FN
AJ shoutout to Farouk shoutout to
Matthews shoutout to Gabriella she's
actually the first one that I saw that
told me this and shoutout to JT because
he's owned that tweeted me the link
shoutout look all these people were
tweeting me the link so thank you guys
so much I appreciate that
alright guys so here's a clip so you
have in the little small screen it's
Devin Booker DeAngelo Russell and that's
a twitch streamer named Switzer that's
my bum on November 1
this what I thought they're bad my god
man was that number one cents whatever
go okay first of all shout out to Devin
Booker for saying I'm the number one fan
ever and shout out to DLO for saying
who's that it's all good deal oh look
and then I think Devin Booker said I'm a
youtube sensation he also shouted out my
brother - he said his brother's good at
Call of Duty was was that into sensation
call it a dinner here call it Bowie
I was posed to the color okay guys so
that might not seem like much to a lot
of other people but that's my guy D book
that's my boy so for him to be giving me
a shout out on a twig screen while he's
just playing call of duty it means a lot
to me the reason he knows my brother is
because when he came down here he asked
me to play call of duty and I was like
I'm not really good at call of duty
you got to play my brother D book
actually knew a little something about
faith because he's really into Call of
Duty and I told him my brother was
really good so that's why he said Oh his
brother is good shout out the deal oh he
didn't even know who the hell I was but
it's all good man Devin Booker called me
a YouTube sensation I don't know that's
that feels like a lot of pressure
because in my head I'm not a youtube
sensation I'm just a regular youtuber I
feel like I'm not even close to being a
YouTube sensation so that puts a lot of
pressure but it motivates me to get
better at doing YouTube that motivates
me I'm making better videos because when
you have your biggest Idol Devin Booker
is my god that's my idol so when you
have your idol calling you a youtube
sensation there's nothing more that's
going to drive you to do better than
that that's going to make me do better
and I appreciate that book now a lot of
people are telling me bro why is this
even cool to you guys talk you guys talk
over phone you guys talk over text and
yeah you're right I talked to Booker a
lot we talk and text like nothing just
like regular friends like I talked to
him the other day but this is still so
cool to me just because it's still
surreal to me that like I'm homies with
D book or I'm homies with eric bledsoe
just the other day I was talking with
Eric Bledsoe and his brother and it's
just like a lot of people would get used
to it because it's been like a year
where I've had Devin Booker on the
erequest those phone numbers and they
follow me on Twitter so it's been a long
time so a lot of people are like aren't
you used to it by now but quite honestly
my answer is I don't think I'm never
going to get used to it it still feels
surreal and I really do appreciate the
love that I get from them anyways guys
we got a basketball game
tonight I don't know why played so much
out to Jim I'm an idiot I also need to
look at a haircut appointment in like an
hour I have a haircut
shout out to my god Paul best barber in
San Diego so I need to go get a cut man
I got the best fan base in the world I
have the most awesome fans think about
it you guys do that Devin Booker was
answering questions so you guys asked
them about me because you know that
stuff makes me happy so you guys did it
and then you guys tweeted it to me and
then you guys also found the link to
twitch and tweeted that's me like you
guys go out of your way and do things
for me without even me having to ask and
I just appreciate that so much I feel
like that's so kind of you guys to be
doing things where I don't even have to
make you do that you just do them off
your own if you're like oh Devin Booker
Brandon's a big fan of Devin Booker so
let me ask like you guys just do things
out of your own way and I really do
appreciate that and anyway thank you
guys so much for watching this video
once again thank you guys so much for
tweeting me and finding the clip and
asking Devin Booker about me because
even though we're cool even though we're
friends and we talk all the time this
still makes my day still makes you
really happy so thank you guys for doing
that for me anyways I love you guys all
and I hope you enjoyed this video
