what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka four waters and before I start
today's video I just want to thank you
guys for showing so much love to my
second channel my NBA channel because
over the past couple of days I've been
uploading on that channel like crazy I
think I put out like five videos over
the past two days and I'm uploading
another one today so I'm just going
crazy on that channel and you guys are
showing me so much love a lot of good
feedback from you guys on that channel
and I really do appreciate it so thank
you guys so much for that I've been
getting also a lot of tweets asking me
why are you uploading so much on your
NBA channel why do you need to make so
many videos and so let me just explain
the reasoning on that really quick so
this channel my main one I upload
entertaining videos I upload every
single day you know whatever you guys
want to see whether that's family self
challenges praying the vlogs
me and Bryan or should I say me and faze
rug sorry me and my girlfriend you know
just stuff that you guys like to watch
but my NBA channel that is an NBA
channel so I can't really make stuff up
I have to wait until there's NBA news
and I have to wait until something goes
on in the NBA before I make a video on
that channel and so I don't have too
many chances to really grow that channel
I don't have too many chances to make
videos on that channel so now that it's
NBA playoff time now that you know
there's a lot of things going on in the
NBA and everybody is getting into it
it's kind of like my time to really grow
that channel so it's like this is my
time this is my chance that I could
finally put some work into that channel
and you guys know me I love that but I
love the NBA so anything where I could
do towards that channel I love it so
that's the reason I'm making so many
videos now on that channel and just
thank you guys for all the support that
you guys show me anyways for today's
video sorry I talked way too much but
for today's video
I'm going to be doing a story time video
about the time I almost wasn't able to
graduate high school I thought about it
today and I'm like yo I don't think I've
told this story before I used to do more
story times a while back but I haven't
done a story time video in a really long
time so if you guys don't like story
time videos and I guess you could just
close this video out I don't blame you I
talk a lot so if you don't want to hear
me talking I know I'm annoying if you
don't want to hear me talking you could
X out of this video no hard feelings I
still love you guys but if you do want
to hear the story it's pretty
entertaining so I suggest you stay
anyways I'm 21 years old now okay so
I've been out of high school for about
three years now and so this story is
going back to when it was my senior year
so
in my whole entire school career whether
I was high school middle school
elementary school I was always a really
quiet guy I always had really good
grades I would just go to school do my
work and leave I wouldn't really cause
any problems I want to get in any
trouble I would just go there do what I
had to do come home do my homework you
don't have good grades and good
citizenship now came senior year I'm
sure there's a bunch of people who are
seniors who watch my videos and if you
are not a senior but you're in high
school I'm sure you know that seniors
they just you know they're ready to
graduate they're over high school it's
their fourth year you know they have a
bunch of electives and they're just
ready to get out of high school and go
to college they're ready to graduate
they're over doing work every single day
they're over being with all those
freshman and sophomores and so that was
me when I had senior year I was like yo
I'm over high school ready to go to
college you know being in here and just
chill senior year you don't have to do
that much work you have so much
activities like grad night and just
graduation and prom and all those good
stuff so what happens right when the
school year starts they let you pick
your electives senior year I got to pick
three electives usually I only got to
pick one now I got three electives so
obviously I went up to my friends and I
was like yo what electives are you
taking so we all chose the same
electives and honestly guys let me just
give you a tip if you're taking classes
with your friends just know that you
might be getting in a lot of trouble in
those classes because you next to a
bunch of your friends in one classroom
usually doesn't go well especially
wanted to right after lunchtime because
during lunch you know you have a lot of
energy you're out there you've been just
a and then you go and try to sit in a
classroom with all your friends it just
doesn't work out too good so I took a
bunch of classes with my friends my
really close friends Ollie and Jordan
and my other good friend his name was 12
we took a bunch of classes together
you know first day of school comes
around and you know I see one of my
classes I'm like oh shit Ollie we have
the same class I go to another one of my
classes I'm like oh shit Jordan same
class and they I get to fifth period the
period right after lunch and you would
not believe it so I get in there right I
look to one side of me Brian
my fucking brother is in that class
okay I look to another side of me
Jessica you gotta know Jessica it's my
cousin if you guys don't know her it's
my first cousin I'm really really close
to her then you look in another corner
of the room and it's Chanel you gotta
know Chanel that Sherman the Worman
sister my other cousin then you have you
guys haven't met them they haven't been
my blog Saddam and talk to him in a
while but a bunch of my close friends in
that classroom
one of them's name was 12 what does
their name was one then you have not in
this classroom but in a classroom right
across the hall
Ali had an elective as well so he didn't
have the same class but he had a class
where he was allowed to leave the
classroom and you know do whatever he
wanted so I had a class with Brian
Jessica and shanell that's my brother
and my two really close cousins then I
had in that same classroom two of my
really close friends how the hell was I
supposed to pay attention how how I was
so excited oh my god this is so dope
senior year a class of my brother and
all my family members and all that time
cons time goes you know day in and day
out I'm just getting in trouble for stop
talking to your brother stop talking to
your friend
stop doing it stop doing that and I'm
like I said I was a really good kid in
high school nobody ever thought of me as
oh he has bad grades oh he's a
troublemaker never so I wasn't used to
getting yelled at by the teacher so I
was just like oh sorry I won't I won't
do it again I won't talk again but it's
so tempting it's so hard not to talk
when your brother is sitting right next
to you and your other friends are right
next to you and so like I just kept
talking and talking don't get me wrong I
would get my work done I think I'm the
first person in history that I had an A
in the class and a and my citizenship
was are you a you so that's the best you
could get in scholarship was but and
that's the words you could get
citizenship was so I got a you in that
classroom that is that I had never done
unto you before in my life that's worse
than an end I'm not sure how they do the
grading system in your go to school but
use the words one so I got it you in my
other classes where I had a couple of my
friends I got essence the edge obviously
it's not as bad of you but it's not an e
or G I just to get always ease or Jesus
and citizenship I would never talk and
so the other classes you know I would
talk to my friends a little bit but also
pay attention so I'll get an S but in
this class the one I had with all my
million friends and the one where Olly
was right across the hall so look I
would literally be sitting in class and
I would look across the hall he would be
like this he would be looking at me
across the hall from his chair and I'd
be like so not only was I talking in
class but even Ollie was across the hall
and so also that was journalism if you
guys don't know I used to write a lot of
articles not only when I was in high
school but when I left high school that
was my job when I was in college my job
was to write articles about NBA so I
loved writing I was really good at it so
I would always finish my work early and
then I'll talk and talk and talk so the
other classes when I got an Aston
citizenship it's because I actually had
to pay attention and do my work I didn't
really understand the subject but in
journalism where I understood the
subject and it was easy to me I'll just
knock my work off and then just talk and
so I got a Hugh and the behavior was so
bad that I remember even one day we had
a bunch of work to do like a whole
lesson plan that the teacher was going
to do and he cancelled all of that he
cancelled it all and he dedicated a
whole day where he brought the principal
and the vice-principal to the class to
just talk to me and my friend and say yo
will not yell they said hey listen
Brandon you guys cannot be disrupting
the class like this now don't and I
wasn't doing anything bad like you know
spitballs and cussing at the teacher and
doing any of that but I would just talk
endlessly so I kid you not before he
gave me a you I'm not gonna lie he did
give me a chance before he gave me the
you he brought the principal and all
their vice principals and they had a
talk he canceled his whole lesson for
the day and they just told us this needs
to stop and me being the idiot that I
was senior year it didn't stop I was so
scared that day so I walked into class
you know getting ready to do some work
and listen to the lesson from the
teacher and instead I walked into all
these principals and I was like okay and
I get in high school I never knew about
this because like I said I had never
gotten that citizenship before if you
get a certain amount of use or if you
have really bad citizenship they don't
let you walk for graduation what they do
when it's time for all the seniors you
guys know the ceremony where you wear
the hat you toss it up in the air they
call your name you get your diploma it's
on the huge football field or wherever
they do it I guess if you have really
bad citizenship what you do you're not
allowed to attend that ceremony you just
go to school on the last day of school
pick up your diploma and go home I did
not know about that so one day I get
called into the office and I go and I'm
shitting myself
you guys know like I said I was a really
really good kid I was very small and
tiny I mean here's a picture of me when
I was in high school just look imagine
so that was me in high school that was
my senior year okay so you guys think
I'm ugly now look at what that was
before so imagine I'm walking to the
office I'm like oh my god what is this
form shitting myself and I was to the
vp's like it was for the vice
principal's office and I was like shit
what the hell did I do so I get to the
office and they pretty much explain to
me they also get my mom on the phone and
I'm like my mom I was like hug I don't
know what to tell my mom like all this
and they're like do you want to tell her
do you want us to tell her I'm like you
guys tell her I don't want to talk to
her I'm really scared all that and they
pretty much explained to me that a
couple weeks before graduation I'm going
to have to go to this room where the
principal is going to be sitting there a
bunch of the counselors are going to be
sitting there and there's going to be
the vice principals there I'm going to
have to dress up in a suit and tie and
I'm going to have to go there and it's
kind of like a court it's called an
appeal my mom's going to be with me
she's kind of like my lawyer I guess and
I'm going to have to talk in front of
them why I think I still deserve to walk
and graduate despite my bad citizenship
and I'm sitting there like oh why I'm
sitting there like I went years and
years and years without ever doing
anything and now here I am my senior
year and I might not even be able to
graduate with the rest of my class I
might not even be able to go to ceremony
what is my family going to think of me
you know what is I'm gonna be the shame
of the family like what the hell I'm
just saying that I was so sad out so
stressed out like smug next I went to
clients like I didn't talk to anybody I
did my work and I'm just like fuck how
did this happen my mom was pissed my mom
wanted to kill me she was like what the
hell is wrong with you so the day that
they told me I'd have to do that and
then the day that I actually had to do
it there was weeks in between that and
so I was like just stressing and
overthinking it for weeks and weeks and
weeks
they should have told me like the day
before so I didn't have to keep thinking
about it but I kept thinking about it
kept thinking about I couldn't even
sleep all like damn I'm really going to
watch everybody graduate and I'm just
going to be sitting there
I'm not gonna be like wait what did I do
I was such a good kid my whole life and
now just cuz I taught I was so mad the
worst part was my citizenship was so bad
but my grades were so good
it was a the great I had AIDS and B's
maybe I had one scene maybe but I don't
even think I had any see I had all A's
and B's so you look at one side of my
report card is aids and B's then you
look at the citizenship and you have you
and aunts and it's just like how can
someone be so smart and do all their
works but be such a bad suit in class
and I'm just like mom I'm not a bad
student I just have a lot of friends in
my class I'm not bad and so the day
finally comes I'm shitting myself I wear
a fucking blue button of a black tie
first of all let me just tell you the
time literally only came up to here so
when I went to class everybody was
making fun of me because the appeal was
in third period so I had to go to my
first two periods wearing the suit and
tie and the tie was so short I didn't
know anything about fashion or style and
third period comes my mom has to meet up
my mom was already in the office and so
I walk into the room and I have like a
little paper that I wrote down so I
could read you're allowed to read off
the paper and I want kids and there's
other students that have to appeal so
before it was my turn I was talking to
the students I was like oh what are you
here for you know what do you have to
appeal just listen I talked to two kids
I didn't even know who they were one of
them had to appeal because he got caught
smoking weed in the bathroom and the
other kids had to appeal because in the
middle of class he went to the trashcan
took his fucking pants off and took a
shit in the teachers trashcan and I'm
sitting there like wait I'm here to
appeal because I talked to my friends in
class and you have other kids here to
appeal because they smoked weed in the
school bathroom and got caught and
because I took a shit in the trashcan I
was like why am i classifying with these
people that's not right I was like this
is not the type of person I am I told my
mom I said mom I'm sorry I never meant
to you know being the same
classification as people who did then
during school and I'm just like really
like that's how bad of a kid I am and
I'm just like you know what I don't
belong here I did not get caught smoking
weed in the school bathroom I did not
take
in my teachers tub I just was talking to
my friends first of all how much you
take a shit in the teacher trashcan I
don't even know whatever that was I
forgot your name but if you're watching
this video somehow you got some bulk
because I would never do that
but anyways we're in the same same place
same room we all had to appeal and so I
get up there and the vice-principal one
of them not the one I talk to but the
other one they recognize me they're like
you why are you here like they were
surprised like they're like you don't
belong here what are you doing here and
I'm like I just talked to my friends
like too much in class and they were
kind of laughing they were like we know
you they're like why are you here you
don't belong here they're pretty much
done you're too good of a student to be
here and so I start my appeal and I'm
just like you know I'm very stupid I I
just can't control when I have a lot of
friends next to me and like if you look
at my grades I got my work done and I
just don't I don't know why I'm here I'm
I'm an idiot they kept saying they were
kind of laughing like I said because you
look at what they normally have to deal
with drugs and someone's cheating this
in the teacher that in the teachers
trashcan they don't usually have to deal
with someone who just talked to their
friends so first of all you I had to
appeal but second so they obviously were
like you know what we understand you
know we've all been there done that when
we were younger we know when it's hard
to concentrate when you're with your
friends and we'll let you go with a
warning so look at me
I freaking graduated and I wore the
fucking hat that looks like a trash can
bin and I frickin first of all look at
my god was I the ugliest kid that anyone
has ever seen but they let me do it my
mom was super happy I almost cried I was
like thank you guys so much I was
stressing so much for the past couple of
weeks and I didn't even know what to do
if I wasn't able to graduate I didn't
know what I was doing myself and I was
literally dee the gum on the bottom of
all my family shoes because that's how
they look at me and Beau bond I wanted
to hug all them and they were like no
you're fine just behave in class they
gave me a slip so that all my teachers
could sign it but like the final set if
my teachers didn't sign it then I
wouldn't be able to walk it was pretty
much like it's he improving his
citizenship and they all put a fucking
hell yeah because for the past couple
weeks I was so stressed and
so scared that literally I would sit in
class like this even if my friend would
be like you know bro
you know you want a piece of gum I'd be
like I wouldn't even look but they all
understood because of the situation I
was in I was like come on
me there was only a handful of students
that had to appeal senior year I was one
of them I just didn't belong there look
like that's not me and so I'll just like
shit that was kind of a wake-up call and
so I did read honestly I hope I wish I
didn't win the appeal I know I was going
to look at ugly at this and guys when I
notice how ugly I look with the Hat my
mom even saw I kept trying to like toss
it off my head so it accidentally fall
because I didn't want to take pictures
with it and I kept trying to
accidentally lose it but the people that
work during the graduation ceremony they
kept saying oh this your hat just your
hat and I'm like yeah that's my hi guys
what I look so ugly why would they make
you wear that time to have but anyway
guys I hope you enjoyed that story of
good kids gone bad
do not listen all you guys if you're
seniors right now or if you're younger
and you're going to be senior soon and
they give you a chance to pick electives
of your friends kind of limit yourself
you know one friend is okay two is okay
but if you're going to be picking a
class with like ten of your friends just
know that it's going to be really really
hard to concentrate I have to learn my
lesson the hard way of course I was the
only one about to appeal because
everyone else could control themselves
but look at me I love to talk I talked
non-stop I'm fucking annoying I never
stopped talking so of course if I'm in a
class with all my brothers or my brother
all my family members and my friend they
know how to control their talking I
don't of course the teacher he's oh and
a fun fact I went back to school the
next year it's like if there's all my
old teachers you know all of them
welcomed me and they gave me a hug and
they're like you know how are you doing
how's life you know how's college ball
on we just talked when I went back to
this teacher the one that gave me a you
he literally kicked me out of his class
he said sorry I'm teaching I said yeah I
know I understand all the other teachers
I saw we're also teaching but I just
want to talk to you for like a minute he
said no no thank you
and I had to leave I was like oh okay so
oh well I guess I was kind of bad in
that class I didn't mean to I just can't
stop talking like I'm doing right now
anyways thank you guys so much
watching this video I really do
appreciate you guys taking the time out
of your day and listening to my annoying
ass talk for almost 20 minutes NBA
Playoffs started today oh my god this is
the best time ever even though the Sun
didn't make the playoffs as a basketball
fan because yes I'm a huge Suns fan but
I also love the sport of basketball I
love watching the NBA playoffs is so so
it's just so unexpected happens the best
games come in playoff time so I can't
wait to watch I'm gonna watch all the
games of course the Cavs and Pacers are
playing right now so imma tune into that
anyways guys last time thank you so much
for showing so much support to my NBA
channel I'm a team guiding out videos
for that channel for you guys if you
notice that my main channel videos have
been kinda I guess you guys could say
boring or just not as entertaining as
they were like last week I do apologize
like I said I don't have too many
chances to grow my NBA channel so now
that there's a lot of news going on in
the NBA I feel like this is my chance to
kind of grow it I do apologize I need to
bring out better videos for my main
channel anyways the road to 2 million
subscribers is on but what squad I love
you guys all peace guys
