this is it good
why do I look like such a small like so
small hey why are you even talking oh
but I'm staying with my back straight Oh
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka four waters and I'm here today with
my beautiful sexy handsome very LC so
now I'm just a few books our example has
a sexy brother Brian what's up guys guys
if this setup looks familiar it's just
you know sauce and these cuffs look
familiar it is because last week I did a
truth for drink with my best friend
Ali's and you guys loved that video I
was getting so many tweets and so many
comments saying do it with your brother
and I and I saw this coming okay yeah
you saw it come I already knew is going
to ask me one of these days or can we do
a tooth or dream we do use you for you
guys if you ask us to do something we're
going to have to do it so I asked my
brothers were finally doing it today but
before I start this video I just want to
say really quick plus if you're not
subscribed to my NBA channel or if you
haven't seen the videos please go do
that right now the link is in the
description below
yesterday I made four videos in one day
I was planning on making a video from my
mba channel but then it hit me on my
voice I'm almost dead after four videos
there's no way I could have made a video
but I ended up making four and I found
doing four more today or tomorrow and I
do like a little playoff prediction or
playoff preview on that channel and it's
actually crazy how much Brandon knows
about basketball like more than people
on sports than what were you guys is
there a laptop or a phone no it's all
from his head like he literally knows so
much about basketball it's crazy cuz I
have nothing in front of me it's just me
speaking off the top of my head and like
I said I tried to make eight videos in
one day but I almost died so I made four
videos and if you're getting a chance to
check them out please go do that also
after this video me and my brother are
doing a what is it Q&A with skits yes
like a really funny skit like video on
my brother's channel so if you want to
check that out go check it out video is
probably gonna be about the same exact
time as mine but anyways let's just
let's just get into it you know before
we going to do it let me
you're wondering why this is teriyaki
talking to the boys on it okay totally
just muscle meat it up I'm using these
any better no I know this probably just
goes worse of us all okay that's got bad
now just gonna words ah really does
worse just cause words just as bad just
if just as bad absolutely soft my bad
no guys go after me at all we did the
first off we felt really really sick and
so people started commenting bowing
stupid you could die from that they
really said you could die so I looked it
up and uh let's just say I'm still here
and it might be a miracle so instead of
doing soy sauce we decided to tear you
off to my hogs where I'm sure this is
gonna be like right they know not like a
thing this might be worth I didn't want
to look this up Justin Gator was just
that bad we don't really have time so
even this just kill you like we do this
video done running way less funds from
the same damn Baker keep go home yeah
that's not what's the same is poison han
keiko monkey come on
okay anyway so we each have a couple
questions to ask each other and then we
have a couple that we're just going to
throw them we both have to answer choose
our drink it's simple if you want to
answer you have to say the truth no line
and if you don't want to answer it for
whatever reason you're embarrass or you
just don't want to end up everything no
and you got a drink um I don't you go
mom
okay fine you wanna throw you want me to
start me let me start with a little
questions okay you have any notes or you
just memorize them now I'm just going to
off the top of may I have them in my
nose okay listen we all know how much
you love the Phoenix Suns and basketball
in general and we all know how much you
love YouTube so it would you rather play
for the Phoenix Suns in the National
Basketball Association on on Devin
Booker team oh that's my guy take it out
the D book or continue doing YouTube so
you can even choose being on the Phoenix
Suns or continue doing YouTube okay fine
like hey look okay like one in one
questions I don't have to ask is it okay
the answer is like obviously obvious but
but just so that I'm gonna drink it just
because it you already know what
hey I know I know you don't care for
okay I'm gonna be able nothing no okay
while June I would rather die for the
Phoenix God and before anybody goes into
oh he doesn't care for us he doesn't
care for you over wooden shoes like who
wouldn't do that but I'll still drink
because I prompted right I'm not going
to for as much as all lead and meaning
because yeah I don't pour a lot Dutch
it's actually dangerous actually do you
want to try this teriyaki I like
teriyaki chicken and like that I'm not
just off a little longer than mine you
know more thing ah so close written and
listen Mel do you have a chaser me and
all you have a chaser
well sure yet no I honestly do it
straight no chaser here's one attract
the trash can to spit it's over there
here can you keep it it yeah
watch this no it will bring it you
actually dressing room it won't garble
with it what are you doing it's a bad is
there really that ah it's worth it so I
thought it worth it's the word I promise
you okay fucking word oh I know I'm
going to be telling the truth
okay nut bran Yaya right go over here
you know you won't be talking through it
okay this one off the top of my head you
know how that Kylie Jenner calendar is
even true maybe a girl she has some
pictures where she's like this and like
touching yourself like under danza that
okay so obviously you sleep that way and
you face a calendar and obviously a nice
one the like you know the hormones
haha I will have you ever jerked off to
the Kylie Jenner calendar no you never
loved it I've never I oughta sneeze
don't jack up the picture oh all of the
calendar was like a motion comment yeah
oh okay guys that was oddly requested by
you guys on some issues on that like I
haven't checked off the calendar which
everyone thinks I so so you know if I it
was choosen I first showed up at 5:00 on
just come up to
kind of the same well have you ever like
jacked up and then you vote that
calendar and like go to her face and
like the you know finish it there oh not
yet that's what that you gave a realize
yeah carefully you gotta lock on your
door call okay yeah I know hey your turn
hi um alright Bonnie you added a
question I'm gonna get a chase there's
Oakley okay reckon you'll need it when
to drink it so you just asked me about
Jack and autumn stuff like that oh I
love Jack not the case thinking of that
have you ever get off when Jackie wasn't
here to do it for you know like to
pleasure you hangover said Jackie
pleasures me anyways okay hold on so
your question is have I ever jacked off
because Jackie wasn't here yeah well
like I'm a guy what do you want
beautiful lies about jacking off and
obviously someone is in there for me
yeah it's going to have to come out
eventually I can't just I've been
jacking off in my third grade or fourth
grade I can't get to know you better
than that yeah I started fucking what do
you want to come in it's fun it's like a
hobby yeah but no obviously everything I
started dating Jackie it's not as much
okay I'm not going on it but yes
obviously like I'm Jackie not hear
someone activated out of me and it's
myself okay okay Brian you asked me if I
would rather play for the Phoenix Suns
it works or keep doing YouTube okay you
got a chance right now Kylie Jenner
comes up to you
Tyga is with her and he tells her you
know you can go with Brian you can go
with a drug so Tyga
gives you the magic word but no more
YouTube no more phase you can't vlog you
in Kylie's what yet you can't talk to
your fans anymore no more face clan just
you and Kylie living life by yourself
Kylie Jenner and you can live with
Caitlyn Jenner to like both of Elna
listen what that's Brandon why don't you
do that why would you do
you can't have questions like that oh
but I can Michael looks like because
greater than like vlog with her and do
videos and show people like our lives
gonna pair habit I'll bribe me therefore
go up wearing it for me just going don't
tell me a little I won't look out Maxima
brother I am in shallow a that's a lot I
know it's cold on the table okay why
would I believe my bigger step pink oh
yeah you don't use us to Kylie Jenner oh
I can't answer this question yeah you
can't answer you but we have to do it so
foot in if you have you can't do it slow
that's how you die no G drinking enough
I did it yet I didn't you get haha
Brando we can't do the other things we
can't do this grow it is nasty
keep going on fuck you Kikkoman okay
this is where your looks on it yeah I'm
literally telling the chief for every
single question from now on okay your
next question or do you want to do one
of us together we'll do a little okay so
I got Brian - you got me - now there's
one for both of us the answer so when we
were younger every time we would get in
a five actually it is this could be one
of our adults too
so while we were younger every time we
identify for whatever reason we would go
to the bathroom master okay I know you
have you or me ever does something to
one of our personal stuff in the
bathroom after getting in yes yes I have
and I know you have tubes so just say
yes so you can't like no because I don't
worry about you dis my sister's in the
toilet you spit you spit in my shampoo
no I've got to figure given what I have
to do to run to the toilet so everybody
after you took a shit and like some
scrub this way buddy
what have you done so much so just like
the same thing that you've done and I
just made it in your lupus Brian what
Brian you have to know well actually you
pissed on my
or I can't watch it I watched it out
there before it this is why God you
don't share a bathroom anymore I'm so
happy guys when we were younger we would
always get in a fight for whatever
reason I would go in the bathroom on
campus after and Brian I know what you
would be doing that's our little EVs and
we'll buy other shit well I didn't so
you escaped actually you know what I'm
sure I'd like used it before you might
use much my loofah I know for a fact
it's on this shit okay Brian
okay should we ask one more of us
together the album or okay this was a
question from Twitter
have you guys ever listened in on each
other having six so we live in the same
house so obviously when we need to can
we do it in the same house have you ever
listened in on me and have I been
looking on me imma let you answer this
one not on purpose
but when I went upstairs about somebody
had had yes I've heard you guys like not
only one I don't make way more than what
yes and it's not it's not really your
book like the bed and then my bed but
all one doze a chair your chair me
laughing trust me and I'm like a lot of
the experts is like you know what she
shames the bed but you never hear my
voice right no I never I'm just like I
never got out of breath yeah I'm out of
breath so okay the answer Brian I have
heard Brian was only one time Melvin
Brian Price did you hear me multiple
times we have run you should make like a
audio playlist on Russell music but no
I've heard Brian before as oh my god I
feel right what I don't make good sound
a little bit up from Brian but no I
wasn't going to the dryers again my
socks are buckling to the gym so I guess
Brian likes the morning six when
everybody sleep I was going to leave to
the gym and I really know like ah ah oh
god I hate you I didn't even know you
put in there I know right I've never
told bronze is the first time right now
okay this is stay for now bye okay I'm
asking this you might want to drink one
of this for this one because don't
fucking lie about this but this one was
highly requested from you guys on
Twitter Brian have you ever had a little
fantasies or a daydream or just thoughts
in your head about Jackie and you know
what I mean you want to be more specific
about doing stuff with Jackie's a
fantasy a little dangerous odd yes hey
hey what do you what are your ask them
telling me - I'm not jingling bullshit
anymore yes I have while the teriyaki
sauce really here's a whore it's all bad
so I'm are you wasn't an actual thought
that you wanted to do it was it like a
dream both oh well like Oh actually like
okay well Dave talking multiple times
looking at Jackie behind bi bi yeah but
you know I would never ever do it like
obviously that would never happen so but
I honestly like I'm kind of happy
because why would I marry someone not my
brother's game foods like you know like
that like I wanted my god okay let's at
least I'm telling what you don't hear
that is way the truth right now you
asked me one bar Jackie are you thought
not it's not anything to be ashamed of
Brian might be a little awkward when she
comes over because she watching my video
is the shit okay
ah would you rather be with Devin Booker
Jackie what do you mean by be with and
hang out like Marielle Mary this can be
your algorithm works I know people talk
shit all that okay
should I put a suit
oh no way here here it won't fit a ghost
did it here hmm
you know keeping in your mouth is worth
debated why would you gargle that shit
here is so gross hmm I'm sure you could
eat after that question can I know you'd
rather be with Devin Booker
obviously not obviously that's the
fucking closer to know go ask okay guys
so Brian said he has one more question
to ask me and then the rest of the
places are going to be up in the air for
both of us to answer so I'm all that
Brian ask me the one personal to knock
that out the way and then the rest are
just going to be the ones where we both
got the answer so go about it um so you
know um it's mama rug and popper oh I
know mama rock out paparazzo's
so I I was wondering you ever like I've
actually thought about this do you ever
like get mad that it's mama rug and
pepper instead of mumble walnuts and
Papa water people ask me that all the
time
oh why do mama rode one off mama water I
feel like I just mother was because my
mom was on my youtube channel like what
you have you can channel thank you guys
are you calling your mom or us so that's
actually not okay no um yourself and
what if you're meeting held on things
you ever like get no guys a lot of
people have to that my answer is why
would I get mad
fries however you been doing YouTube
almost five years right I've only been
doing it for not even two years yeah
only like a year and a half so obviously
Brian started at first and my mom was on
a channel my dad was on his channel
obviously in my videos I called my mom
mom or ugh and she's like no I'm mama
waters I'm like no mom your mom on
running ugh I thought everybody knows no
I don't get mad that's my nails you
drink this shit yeah I'm answering I'm
asking every fucking question okay for
the rest of this video we're going to be
answering both up in the air questions
okay Nick grunting have me and you ever
had a threesome together boys didn't we
one time like a buzzes oh yeah yeah over
here it was true - yes clear true okay
well that elitist it doesn't count as a
real piece of resistance not with this
mo yeah all right fine then I guess we
have it but yeah
we have it yet you're weird how about we
better look out okay well you said
bonsly's not Bosley hey I'll be the girl
oh not the jam job okay I'm gonna go
again Bosley it Bosley with a Z yeah
bottled that monthly okay okay
have we ever seen each other naked yes
my work I really just I'll make it today
I probably wanted to use my shampoo and
I was in the bathroom and I my fries you
on my shampoo I'm not giving you you
have to come in and get it I'll just get
in front of the birthday Oh weird like
Daniel is what the hell's wrong with you
and every time like my momma got on a ho
I'll literally like to knock on Brian's
when I'm fully naked and you'll open it
up what's the hell and I just start
laughing I already seen Brian fully
naked in a long time barn so like that's
mental change that is rude obviously I'm
sorry I'm sorry okay two more questions
actually three more Kyle just saw this
morning have you ever wanted to have a
sword fight with a real sword like not a
real sword but L was our food of a
Buddha uh I would wait like I don't know
well I can't griffey jr. I like I
haven't thought about it but now that
you mention it I would be down showing
like a youtube video like sword fighter
space wherever one is god I don't think
I'll get a districted know what I get a
mystic didn't will be funny to waiting
come up with these questions
two more question cells two more have
you ever stole something from each other
yes I have you have two times but you
caught me when I went to Phoenix and I
took you oh my god that was the worst
well I don't know if that stealing
that's actually borrowing because I
always forget yeah but how do you ever
like stole something as in my money from
I have little money got to you what let
me tell you I have to admit it Nana
one time I had a haircut appointment and
my hair Khmers over that 11 a.m.
what is it was that 11 a.m. I'm rushing
down the stairs it's already like 1103
I'm already a little bit late and for
everybody got goes to the barbershop you
got to know if you're
here here come pointment like you're
screwed you can actually see longer so I
get to my car and I'm like fuck I forgot
my cash obviously they don't a card at
the haircut appointment saw my son full
of them are you late my room upstairs
Brian who fucking five feet away from
the grub so I went to Barnes room he
wasn't home so I overlay work and I got
20 bucks and I went but I planned on I
was getting UT back it's only been like
a year or something all that such a good
guy
pay me for the 2k leggings that I
already beat you like 10 times when I
forgot about that
okay have you ever followed you for me
it it can be count like yeah I walk did
your room is still so much can you like
worse than this fucking 20 bucks
I love sanity medical so much of your
candy just sitting on the table but I've
never stolen money or Brian I'd rather
have you steal money in my credit card
and everything than can I think I stole
a shirt from you Brian like a long time
ago like when we were in high school you
are a DJ latest style
yes drink this just for Suman doesnot
last question
okay guys what is your favorite sex
position from all our components a
sex-related discontinued got shit these
questions are from you guys on Twitter
so if you're asking me why it's
essentially in the video you could ask
all of our fans no I'll answer this one
after Brian blue I got given um like
that for you answering it I would have
to say just either from the back or no
Larry boo missionary basic like yeah you
got it or not I got left
then but then you got you see on this is
my favorite my favorite obviously from
the best that's my favorite like what
are you just like just like obviously
that's the best but I also like them
flex 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning and
you're super tired
so you're just laying down on the pillow
and like you're about to go to sleep and
then like obviously your partner that
you love very much and you plan on
marrying because you
do anything if you don't plan on
marrying someone it on top of you so
you're just like falling oh my god good
night and then you fall asleep and then
you wake up the next morning like wait
what that finish wait you guys come on
like that was like you just put it like
think of it like a little bedtime story
you just fall asleep like this and
that's my baby I don't know if you ever
try to put it put you right to sleep
it's really late at night anyway one who
asked to do it barely how do you sleep
when you start like because we just
relax and Vegas on company just okay you
tell them then you go to wrap it up
let's wrap it up guys anyways thank you
so much for watching this video if it
got a little weird shout out to all the
people on Twitter who asked me these
questions so I got them all from you
guys like I said before go check out my
brother's channel because we're about to
film a video for him like I also said
before please go check out my NBA
channel because I put in a long work on
those videos yesterday I was doing it
back and forth back and forth and I'm
also going to be uploading more videos
on it today and tomorrow before the NBA
playoffs start anyways like road to to
middle is on we're almost there and
younger piece almost I'm not yet oh
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you guys enjoyed enjoy the
rest of your Friday and I love you guys
all out okay oh my gosh go I lose dick
hey guys yeah thanks I was watching this
video we really appreciate in there we
love all you guys think so my first
question man we don't say I'm from fuck
you sweet goes funny yeah it was
