ready what is going on you got a brand
in here aka four waters and today I'm
here with my beautiful girlfriend and
I'm here with my beautiful best friend
shut up your guys favorite Afghan Holi
subsidy so before we start today's video
I just want to give a special shout out
to my boy Ali's who finally started up
his YouTube channel depending on doing
this for a while now so if you guys want
to go support his channel I'm going to
leave the link in the description below
so go check it out check it out let me
write actually so for today's video
this is something that it's been a trend
going around YouTube and you know me I
always like to see the trend and then
kind of do my own twist to it I'd like
to see what other people do and do my
own way so today me and my boy are doing
a truth for drink but we are doing a
sexual addiction oh wow I'm sorry I'm
sorry mom Oh for the parents watching
this mom dad and Ali of course a
horrible Don because I don't know what's
going on yeah for you guys I think
there's like a X in the top of the
bribery yeah just click the ending
fuck off you wait till tomorrow's video
and watch that one let's not watch
today's video to all the parents of our
parents let's not watch today's video
yeah anyway a lot of people like to use
the truth or giggled alcohol's but we're
going to be good people today in we're
going to be doing it with soy sauce soy
sauce so I mean we are not looking
forward to this every time you don't
want to answer a question you got to
take a shot of soy sauce we were going
to get shot glasses but these are nice
cup of chili for Middle Eastern man this
is what denies
as even so they have to be that's our
team name when we play together with a
Middle Eastern fever and don't forget
about the chaser oh yeah
sometimes you know he drink so it's also
feel like I'm growing up so we got the
chaser anyway what we did we took
Jackie's phone and we each put although
so me and Ally took Jackie's phone who's
going to be the host today she is the
host and we put in a bunch of questions
in her note she has not seen the
question yet so she's just going to read
them off to us and me and all we have
the choice we either got to answer it
with the truth no line Oh God or we
drink a shot of soy sauce
that's not even solid tasty tasty I
don't know what the questions are
shooter was all crazy
it'll satisfy their best friends oh she
hasn't seen the question me and Olly put
them in her nose done to the dog the
whole Declan Brandon here over here and
we all got out shout out we're ready to
play this game so get it whichever
question you want to start with we're
ready
oh and shall long shuttle oh my god very
forest fun
oh yes my mom Oh remember guys sexual
edition all right start are you serious
a lot
Oh the first one is oh my god no this is
so awkward
okay have you ever had a dream about you
guys being in a threesome together you
do daydreams can always any dream that
you have and dangers count of course
like I've been getting in class before
looking at all the end I'll just be like
imagine one day and we open up single
double double yeah cuz we are younger
like why not run a trance a Wi-Fi go for
the hostess is so bad okay I'm not your
girlfriend anymore masculine the answer
yeah I've been in class Adobe a bunch of
times and I've just sat there like damn
imagine me and I'll leave just going
yeah yeah I can okay that wasn't all
single obvious yeah I would never think
Ryan would have you ever tried anal
should I answer should I just fucking
think I'm falling for the devil
actually you know what I'm gonna be
honest
hey this is I'm gonna be otherwise
yeah but tested it I'll go for the tip
in Oh God she shut me out ready try oh
yes try to be that the happiest for me
okay now let's just keep the questions
rolling no time for awkwardness Xavier
bear ever 8ab classy
I'll fall off of the den homies ah oh my
god we wanted a shot oh no one Appetit
he photos only
and honestly the soy sauce is looking
really really nasty but at the same time
I don't want to answer because people
judge well why not work so much but
you've worked a lot
honestly it like I'm dating electing me
I think it freaky so yeah my question go
go go and honestly it's not a bad leg
well I think yeah we should have to host
be brighter someone this is so quietly
do you check off every single day you
know said I'm going for I report it oh
did you pour that much you did - I gotta
make sure the weight is here baby
I'm not asking five jackoff every day or
not yeah that was wild otherwise I mean
we're middle-aged Middle Eastern men
people take a pretty handsome guy but I
need it really this ah oh my god oh no
and shovel oh that's just disgusting bro
ah eating acid under a rock you honestly
know honestly if you don't eat as I
don't trust you it's underrated no one
talks about it is how many times a week
do you have sex I'm answering it km I
want to answer it come on checking
account please yeah
I mean I see oh I'm sorry I have
actually oh yeah with a beautiful woman
and one woman only right here Jacqueline
and there seven days a week so I care
about 20-25 times so we Wow
24 five times my animal to three a day
yeah that's Mike I'm not doing so fast
and I answer this well it is all depends
on the week depends honestly I'm it can
range from one time to 15 times once
I'm 225 or Capezio give me a complete
off week oh my and have sex 23 times a
day oh damn and not a line going up I
hope that you should call me lying about
the line our language show is coming
here Oh
have you ever been caught by the cops
having sex you know what I'm an answer
this one yeah in high school parking lot
honestly if Marvel yes I'm arrogant I've
been caught by the cops every tag and
has been more than one time so shout-out
San Diego Police Department cuz this
face all the words from a shouted every
chicken up today if we think again
morning they definitely encompass I
don't but they get up from IV go after
my I guess you have every entrance item
oh yeah what were the system for sure
long good wonder we're under sexual God
cop I've got whatever next question come
on let's go
by the way guys I'm not a cheater
everything I'm saying one woman it
wasn't me I even matter
um have you ever had sex in the family
members room look I know my parents
gonna X out of this video so you know I
come taking showers just take a shot of
this wait why are your parents up I mean
what does
if you're taking Oh Ali I'm gonna do
that that's a churro I'm gonna blame it
on our position soy sauce can give up
can I do anything like harmful please no
way yeah I think I honestly my head is
like happening right now from bitch
honestly only three to two just like
just like we ran the courts today just
like we want three games in a row let's
discuss it ah I didn't finish life give
me this shit
oh listen disgusting I'm answering every
fuckin question from bottom up with his
idea you didn't even know what L came up
with it ah well I need a Spig I'm gonna
throw up
I wanna go cool ask what questions now
maybe later on an emulator that's maybe
another thing you like to slap or chose
during sex
what do you what do you mean what's a
hot LTS neck like like touching on it
and it is an obtuse grand oh I don't
sound comfortable right now shout out
how you're not slap how do you not slap
or choke what you go you massage the
girl man are you okay now are you
dancing release without price and that's
fake yeah they go they do there's no
such thing as intimate passionate no
you're going in and just nice whatever
you know they're out it's just shout out
it oh my god notice what I need to move
left have someone stuck a finger in your
ass
oh no now if you ever try that we're
done no one ever see a figure of my I
don't know but no wait no point you know
what I picture there's a report that
happened to 50 cents
yeah time is funny no one's ever
now don't want everything that's just
possible after this one since I know
you're both are going to live
hugs up when I release your ass hey
first no for me though
nobody's that sorry that's gonna happen
to me well he lying I cut my hand on the
widest table and life do a swear are you
good roll yeah I just had to spit on if
we have someone lick your ass
just a little green of the bottom okay I
never know I've never done one of the
yeah how's a guy ever lick your toes a
guy has a guy ever like you mean it was
a attack you're like oh my god no okay
off the next Jebb you know you ask the
questions I was a short as here what
would you do if you lost in on me having
sex
ah let me if you walked in on me as I
honestly join the fire games really
fucking far no really I mean what if all
he wants to I mean what am I going to
hell oh no I'm gonna be like Olli look
look Nick not doing at least one yeah
they're here watch going whatever you
want I'm not gonna ask oh my god no no
come on I've known since kindergarten in
my boy I see the closest thing we're
gonna have two brothers yeah oh oh oh
good if the only thing to say my life oh
my god glasses if the only thing to do
is to save my life let's eat my ass
would you do it look is always dying and
I had to eat it too as well the serving
second Octavia was like your life alert
and like life all our life support
exercise support okay
in the only way to get out of it was to
eat okay cuz want me to tell you all
these dramatic so it's boss is chasing
in he'll call him just we're in and I'm
gonna please eat my ass in that moment I
wouldn't do it but it situation cons and
you know he's in the hospital and the
doctor tells me no he has one day to
live unless you eat that
I'm going like honestly this is my boy
if our lives depend on it I mean that's
a no-brainer anybody would do but
obviously all these you would have to
shave it and then I'll do it if we're
becoming one Billy sort of herring view
yeah we go okay fine clean shave I would
do 100% it's dirty
I might just my let me die I would never
let you die but it would be a tougher
incision for it I said under the
circumstances of like you're dialed a
girl I know I let you die I wouldn't
want to be as feeding some questions
we're all that done it that's the last
question down on the questions in the
end we got a lot to do my sexual
addition - your favorite to watch what
can answer for you how to do all these
somehow that policeman round up the
ebony squadron available you know what
it is
ah what a lot of things but I guess you
know you can put them yeah go honestly
I'm just going to take the well I answer
you answer it okay you answer for me
let's denied Inga and I got water right
here so I don't need like it's like a
real life I actually have another
bringing so much splinters gonna be done
it we start Daniel yeah this is like
when tights or surmise
yeah yeah of course we don't watch
anymore yeah more and more second to
come up with a life together okay what
was that looks like old there yeah I'm
so poor no oh okay
are you doing wrong that if you want to
watch the video small I I don't think oh
no watch it but but you can't hear it
now I am now playing please don't want
it okay let's speed this up okay okay
have you ever done role play during sex
honest I'm would be a truth yes yeah and
I go get a girl next door oh here I'm
the plumber it looks good you know but
wait what are you doing I'm not gonna
answer that one all right
poor it's filthy a shot we've been doing
more than shot we're gonna double okay
fine
well don't sway you guys you're actually
oh no oh my god why should a diet why I
don't know it's the only one I grab okay
I figure very poor enough for both of us
honestly porn up on Lee oh oh my god
they are hydro Oh God well you are just
whistle money Sharon okay fine Oh smell
copyrights for himself
mom bro I'm gonna throw up hey hey
where's the chicken wait Ali no hey up
somewhere else I just wanna throw bro
let's take the stick you know
huh that's not funny bro can I just tell
you all these so lucky down look at me I
have my girlfriend three right here for
all these questions look at my arm feet
I am sweating this was not a good video
for me that's way it's hot but why dry
my face we're taking shots of soy sauce
and we are answering these type of
questions guys always done what's up big
boy six foot four two hundred pounds and
you can't take a little bit of soy sauce
I can't get the taste out my mouth I've
used water Listerine nothing now why
would you do that last one so much a
little bang to end the video guys now
I'm not gonna lie I just went upstairs
to try to throw up and nothing's coming
out I just brush my teeth
that's disgusting one shot of soy sauce
net two shots that but we're just too
many babes how did it smell sitting
between us I fell bad how nice
how nice dad word Lily doing the outro
right now a little bit yeah the key oh
yeah oh okay guys so that was the end of
all those questions me and Ali came up
with them earlier basically and a
centimeter okay what did you think of
those questions she didn't know what
they were what did I write no cool as
what I would have never thought I'd be
doing a video like this on my channel
but me and my boy we just go like we're
boys literally since kindergarten did a
lot of trouble more together best
friends since kindergarten not one not
one time that we've been in the five or
a problem or anything anyways guys thank
you so much for watching this video I
had a lot of fun doing it like I said
earlier check all these channel out I'm
going to leave the link in the
description below because of you guys
every time you see me in one of my
videos only make a channel make a
quarter of comments motivated exactly
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope you enjoy the
rest of your Friday and let me know what
you could I just wake up I want to say
you gotta go take a shit my stomach is
fun gonna meows oh ah ha ha oh my god
guys so yeah thank you so much for
watching this video
shout out shout out to the brothel wide
squad as we always in the building and I
love you guys all
ah guys I think I might go try to throw
one last time because it's just a weird
no it's a weird taste in if we're
feeling I brush my teeth naive and that
got rid of it thank you guys so much for
watching this video once again I love
you guys all the road to 2 mil is real
we're almost there
and
