Peter Silla
I would see that hurricane it's a good
day yeah oh I'm so scared and that's
weird
yeah to finally help you then again okay
anyone have it every day the Sun team
the managers no have motivation what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka the
audience and today I'm here with my
family can we consider Jackie part of
the family yet oh yeah yeah depends if I
was a challenge we have this oh yeah
okay and today's video is a video that
we've never done before this is a
disgusting smoothie challenge so for
those that are confused because you
might have done something like this on
my channel this is a whole different
strategy or a whole different type of
video so over here I have uh know if you
can see it but I have 11 cards 11 cards
right here and there's four kings now
this is you guys a place King's Cup this
is kind of the same thing so here I have
cards one through seven and on this
board we have what each number stands
for for example you have one being fruit
snacks two being so it's all screaming
ramin Flores dog treats and so on so
what we're going to do is we're going to
shuffle all the cards together so if
you're wondering what the Kings are for
because that only goes one through seven
the King if you draw one King then you
get to put whatever you want in the
blesses if you draw the second king then
you put whatever you want in the blender
the third king you put whatever you want
in the blender and whoever draws the
fourth king is the person who has to
blend everything that's in here and
drink the smoothy I know I
oh yeah guys the whole point of the game
is do not get the last King if you get
the first second or third one that's fun
but whoever gets the last king is
screwed we're just going to keep piling
in here as we can see dog treat ranch
and everything else on the table until
we get the last king so I'm going to
shuffle these cards we're not going to
know which one is waves we're not going
to know where they are
we're going to spread them out on the
table and we're going to take turns and
you know I don't know that he's rigging
the game I'm not yet dealer this time no
I'm not bringing anything okay guy wants
to pick the first glugging you want to
go big order of disorder ladies first
ladies first
okay dad so you're going first yeah
maybe there's a lot of stuff to the side
yeah only the middle yeah okay yeah I
want you guys to see this boy so okay
guys so we're going to put the cards on
the table but I'm not looking at there
and I don't have any bars I'm not doing
anything tomorrow you do them too you
can shuffle them
go ahead you can everybody could shuffle
them just so you guys know I'm not
cheating
god this might be the scariest video
that I've ever done just an average
usually when we do a challenge like this
we all get a little bit of that but
today there's going to be three safe
ones and one unlucky one so big you
could start putting your ticket powers
singing okay
show the camera tonight six six what's
number six ten bread oh it smells so bad
it's like maybe I'll rip it up a little
bit yeah hey guys so we have toast or
bread Sara Lee so not really a cheese
ramp hopefully the missing
oh we're not the whole thing yes we do
the whole thing you go get the blender
yeah okay oh and I forgot to take guys
orange juice it on the board but we need
to put orange juice oh my god lovely
literally does growth through the floor
come on we're going to need it - orange
juice in the blender because if there's
nothing liquidy then it's not going to
blend at all so we need to put a little
bit of orange juice wait do that the end
oh yeah no good look I'll say oh my god
selfish okay they look at the bread okay
so my turn so the six is gone that's
taken off the tables next card is a8 the
knee would like roots mess okay
the color let's go my mom said I look
like a condom that is okay we can talk
about that stuff no no no no why she my
mom okay
I'll have one myself I know thank you
I'm gonna add the body right yeah great
scared egg mock actually some what you
said before the video started yeah not
before the video started in my language
my mom came up to me and said Brogdon
well just had an English problem she
says this in my language she said you
should have a gate so that jackie has to
drink with me yeah she says she's your
girlfriend think of all the bad that
she's done to you one day I'm Brendan
says she didn't do anything that yeah
she's good to me so far almost trying to
do this relationship she's been good so
you're safe okay King King King oh hey
girl just to make it easy here first
my mom called your mother fucker down
now what does go watch me like a child
yes mom hears someone giggling okay you
have to break it that was a little bland
don't worry the lender will do the magic
oh come on nothingness that's how you
know amazing my desk if you don't mix in
you're gonna love it
we need room for all the best okay
what does it give us to motion commuted
okay dad your attorneys are employed at
atm wait guys we haven't even got one
King yet it'll detect enjoy here baby I
love guys how do we not go a king yet
for it's on vinyasa that okay okay uh
can I just say something
one two three four five nights where
this of skin debit cards left and four
of them are kings how did we not get one
team to join coos okay guys you want to
know what I hate
I thought oh we might get the 14 tab and
so this wouldn't mean that build-up but
God is making sure we put everything in
here before we draw the fourth King
because your exam just go babe
okay King birthday I'm Nathan you know
that doesn't know you're not what campus
there's something here and yeah what
this means is that she can get anything
from the kitchen and put it in here so I
don't know we have watermelon but
they're not okay go add an eponymous one
King down three to go
just not for the song mom it's not just
what's on the tunes the thing is who
got something I'm not going to say you
mean what we're gonna get done bothering
Daughtry all right
oh yeah know what everyone has water so
imagine water okay guys so Jackie chose
to put water now that was very moist wet
guys just for those who don't speak my
language my mom said if I put the
watermelon that I bet I look she's gonna
hit me mom I'm going to start
translating everything you say to get in
trouble okay Maya
that means dumbass laugh but you have my
name under that Jackie name in her phone
okay I'll take the one with the water
not to get rid of it fine damn it's not
because I definitely read them oh no and
you share tips like is making dinner I'm
making salad and salad and they're solid
is it with donors values too much sauce
okay guys update you on what this
looking like so far
water non ranch ramen noodles soy sauce
gummy bear fruit snacks and orange juice
you know I put so much manage how much
you wanna bet that's going to be the
main thing space now bar came up your
turn one two five card placed y7z does
oh god there's four cards left and three
of them are teens I didn't learn
anything
okay my son papa
but like I can see dad Lincoln that no
phone this is for the banana king you
know so my dad can choose whatever you
want then I'm gonna have to pick anymore
so my daddy's day yeah oh no probably
getting those I need your tips wait how
many more kings are there wonderful Oh
namaste yeah she is because she's gonna
pick one card and it's going to be
between me or you yeah but she might
even be a god so my daddy J because
there's only three cards left and he's
the fourth person so he's done he stays
dad you could relax Ron let's Jackie
save because she's going to be picking
the next card but there's two more
things so it's going to be between me or
my mom okay there's something here Ron
says he will take the bullet for me when
we got married
can you think is that worth the bullet
it used to be ha oh for ducky yeah yeah
yeah
yes I'm unplugged gonna get the necklace
so hold on hold on babe so push put the
Dom tree in first and then I'll explain
the scenario guys in London father
Walker like wrong with me and it's a new
house come over okay guys I can't oh my
god it's over
a mother variances is also a dick in the
under what the hell's baby shakin
perfect sighs hey yeah okay go go lovely
bother you on treat anyone yeah yeah
waiters I know I'm not no no no no no no
no okay well give it to uh gleb's out of
it she loves me okay
gosh Carrie was supposed to come on
three JC cuz he knows we're up to
something
okay guys and let me explain why my mom
is a loser
there's two more Kings left so even if I
pick this one which I did the King
there's still one more less and it is MA
it is my mother's turn can you hear me
the Oreos I'll get mom you're lucky I
could have chose to put the raw actually
no okay let's gasp Bosley bosses I got
the king so I can choose to put whatever
I want before my mom drinks tea should I
put raw egg or Oreo huh huh okay are you
running on I didn't put above it so no
no no no please okay guys so before my
mom's grave space I hope you guys
enjoyed this type of video I hope you
guys understand the whole contest cuz
there might have been a little confusing
but my Bella crazy can actually tell you
why you got the worst of it there were
four kings so I thought maybe one came
to King freaking and for king from the
start there would only be like three
things in here maybe four but God made
sure we put everything in there before
we got the fourth King I didn't think
that would happen but it ended up
happening so that's the worst day now I
like challenges yes
every great San Diego our do nothing
right but they took the charges from San
Diego and took them to LA buzz
where the hell fault it was an exit case
mom I'll let you blend it will doing
this yeah you want to do a different
type of video yeah you know I'll do it
for you wearing like this there guy for
everybody we lost it on my mom channel I
will I wore my mom's white shirt
so we tie on the ener-blue shirt he was
so cute I fell for that because he made
me like that anytime
yeah I love it I love it I had more much
okay let's see Oreo peanuts ranch mom
don't use whipped cream instead of ranch
that would have looked like a sundae
imagine thought I scream Oreos and
banana no orange juice fruit snacks dick
oh my gosh do you wanna blow my dad oh
don't forget dog Street here mom I want
you to blend or do you want us to do it
hey man welcome to Jamba Juice what kind
of sweetie would you like today I like a
shitty through D we got just what you
like your ride down with you home all
over the milk yeah okay that oh yeah
wait oh my god no is nothing just from
me no but you know what is it a heavy
smoothie are you sure Brian everyone you
could share by the way mom can't we do
the way hey Bosley
how about Paul how about that how about
great wait mom maybe if you do great
it'll taste great
good guys oughta to this looks like a
cookies and cream Oreo more pizzazz I
fell ready dad let them smell it guys
smell em bro okay how do you get out
no mom you don't have to drink all of
this okay just for that you gotta chew
gum yeah
yeah how many people have they loved me
they don't want want you to do this for
me
Martha ranch just like I guess is that's
what you could smell about haters so
smell it wait let me tell me come on
okay that's all you're now you remember
how to cheer for your game tomorrow
oh yeah I have to you know if I get sick
and go to the hospital you drink it
drink it
nothing I got your hot water you drink
alcohol through the aqua baby chick what
and little bit sugar come on come on all
of it was it oh no it's not that bad Oh
oh my god sizzling shit oh God seoul
9-1-1 somebody gone i can I just say my
mom did good yeah I did oh my god
guys usually you know we take like two
minutes and say you know please go we go
or we scream a little spit it out my mom
look she almost finished being
slaughtered by the way didn't even
hesitate Baguio I always feel like a
pussy usually even if you have like a
little bit of a raw egg me and Brian
will be like my mom a waiter we're
chicken dinner
possibly but I wanted chicken dinner
you know that's right oh yeah no dad
will do it
what kind of stomach does my dad have it
doesn't fit that I told you Alex let's
get healthier no let's see the stomach
high spot but B the side of you my god
crying it's healthy actually is nothing
wrong with he's crying visa was a dog
treat but you're weighing a punk shirt I
did it well Bosley
mom that was good I'm proud of you
you're welcome
I was hoping Jackie got the last cake
oh thank you so much for watching this
video
mom sadly we had to do it to you it was
the luck of the cars I didn't do it
before you hate me yeah my dad is such a
liar he said it wasn't even that bad and
now he's crying oh my god
oh my god fifty-five years old and they
still have romance sorry mom sorry my
dad 55-year 30 no really thank you so
much for watching this video
mom our championship game tonight I'm so
ready I'm so excited guys I can't wait
this is going to be crazy I've never
played I'm not nervous
I want to go fucking play right now my
mom's so nervous I keep saying mom I
don't even I'm not even nervous I just
want to go play never played in a
championship game so I want to feel how
feel thank you so much for watching and
wrote to 2 mils on 200,000 more
subscribers and we're there some cheers
of course yes thank you thank you guys
bye guys oh my god
let's clean the table please I can't
look at this anymore
