okay guys they say that ia is a
two-seater they say you can only fit two
people they said this car can only hold
Brannon and Jackie but we're going to go
against those rules we're going to defy
the law when you got cousins that are
the size of shrimp no you have to go in
the bank both of you guys what do you
mean you call fro where's Jackie gonna
sit she has a big booty she can't pay in
the back
she gotta go in the front okay hold on
let's have you let me move a seatbelt
we're gonna make them fit guys yeah you
guys are shrimp you guys are sauce with
two feet of my ass you guys fit right
okay that's good
no you're not breaking the law Olivia
careful there's a lot of people watching
this video don't say that you're not
breaking the law
who knows there's one point eight
million subscribers one of them might be
a cop can be sinking like that first
time driving with me how's Brandon
driving what haven't you guys ever been
you know on like Six Flags roller
coaster well there's your first one guys
buckle up guys is their first time
driving with me they're terrified guys
I'm a good driver there's a reason I
have my license the guy that gave me the
license was probably on drugs guys when
your chapstick is melted and you need to
bring it back to life you have to hold
it out the window so the wind can
refreeze it or whatever it is but you
have to be driving not when you got a
red light like me I freaking left my
chest stick in the car and it melted
you put air but I don't want to waste
the AC fluid so now you gotta choose the
real air from here you could choose to
do AC but you know that's for the people
who wipe their ass with money and they
want to wait out here we go
okay now
you now learn not to throw away melted
chapstick what so much now it's perfect
oh my god so everybody who used to get
their chapstick melted just used to
throw it away and get rid of it maybe
you now learn that you could bring it
back to life it's like in call of duty
when you're about to die and you're on
your last breath what is that what's
that thing called painkiller you get
revived it brings you back to life hmm
that's what I did to the chapstick buy
more than you know okay guys so after my
shower should I say our shower I had to
do a little bit of work for this video
on the computer I started editing this
video so Jackie my beautiful wonderful
girlfriend said babe you stay home you
edit your video I'll go get us some food
so shout out to Jackie she went out and
she's bringing us lunch honestly guys I
feel like I have the best girlfriend in
the world I feel like I'm super blessed
I know there's random like she didn't
buy me like a $200,000 car or a $10,000
watch I don't need those type of things
to say that I feel like I have the best
girlfriend in the world so honestly she
went out to go bring us lunch to go
bring me food so now we wait and when
she gets back I'm gonna make her smile
just wait guys watch I know exactly what
to do to make her smile just wait and
the princess is back with the food babe
come upstairs I have a surprise for you
oh you're not bringing the food that
won't motivate me to show you the
surprise guys forget what I said about
her she didn't even bring my food
upstairs okay well I have a surprise for
you
hold on let me cover it first how do you
know oh my god you ruin everything no I
don't I don't like you anymore I'm
serious stop you ruined it that was my
lucky guess my dandy that you actually
would just know that fuck you know since
you were surprised I'm blowing them back
on I'm gluing them back on once I've
been in ticklish okay guys well I was
trying to surprise Jackie so she's been
pressing me for like a month
babe clip your toenails clip your
toenails clippers on it let me just tell
you my toenails works as long as like
Kevin Durant arms like super super long
and honestly I would clip them but I'm
petty so every time she tells me to clip
them I'm just like no you want it down
three months of groans just because she
tells me to clip them I purposely don't
clip them but she had enough when she
slept over the other night and I kept
scratching her on accident with my
toilet she would like middle okay maybe
it was on purpose no every time she does
something bad her punishment is I just
take my toes and I scratch her butt okay
well I covered my feet so I could show
you so can you just act surprised how do
you know you guess in like one second
because I just liked it when I wasn't
you okay well god when she was out
getting food I clipped my toenails oh
they're all right here good look how
non-apology
all right they're so quick you get it
they're so crispy get it
here's for guessing it for guessing it I
actually don't know how uh yeah guys
good night catch me good thing I kept
them so I'm gonna glue them back on
because you guessed them but three -
well it's not focused on three two one
ah ah gimme kiss gimme kiss no not on my
mouth no
that is not a kiss for one you can eat
my toes
Twinkle Twinkle Toes Twinkle Twinkle
Toes guys why are people embarrassed of
their toes I don't care I show my toes
oh they're so cute and so cute the
chords I mean Kaizen like I cut my toes
in wait when's your birthday August
okay I'm gonna save these for a couple
more months to give them out your per
ticket yes guys look
all right toes just the cutest things oh
so cute okay fine
close the door really quick I can't be
caught doing this since you guess the
surprise of me cutting the toenails so
that they make you smile because you
already gets it I'll make her smile in a
different way
guys you know I feel like I have the
best girlfriend on earth like no I want
to see you smile back now I want to see
the smile not down you nacho I have the
best girlfriend on earth look let me say
perfectly long hair perfect color nice
lips not too big not too small
perfect skin tone super nice body super
nice personality for you okay fine such
a sexy pimple under her lips one no I'm
not she said no I'm not
why was it called no what am i doing no
it's called zoom you're saying it with
an S say no say zoom no you're saying
zoom it's no zoom no say zoom no you're
saying with an essay with a Z say zoom
you know zoom yes good okay well I'm not
done super good personality looks like a
princess super hot nice body big butt
okay they enough I am flirting
what's the surprise surprise is me
hyping you up for one minute yeah
okay guys oh wait let's go check out the
food I'm gonna check out the food guys I
love this place it's called boredom
proof careful don't knock down the
toenail guys do you think I should do a
giveaway with the nails and guys people
are so dumb they think all of this is
cocaine residue that's not what it is I
don't snort cocaine it's because the
desk is so old and I've spilled so many
drinks on it like water and freakin soda
that this happened not cocaine while
she's going to try to scare me watch how
much on net watch guys I don't trust
this ah I knew it I knew it I knew it I
freaking knew it you're scared Bosley I
swear okay guys I love this place mom
let's eat a sandwich yeah it's good I am
I'm not a dirty person
what are you then a middle-eastern
you're not Turkey you're Iraq haha guys
look out knives Jackie is not only did
she bring food for me not only did she
bring food for my mom not only for my
dad but for Brian to and for herself you
had to bring it for yourself you're
selfish selfish really for all my guys
out there that watch my videos and you
have a girlfriend I think it's important
every day for one minute of the day just
hype your girlfriend up even if you're
lying even if you're not telling the
truth just like this for what no I'm not
lying I'm just saying even it's like no
I'm not lying I'm just saying even if
you have to lie like even if you were
being bad I feel like it's important
it's healthy for a relationship for one
minute of the day just babe you have
such beautiful hair oh my god your body
so nice oh my God look at that butt oh
you're so pretty your smile
that means you don't play I'm still
eating Colby do you think that's
important for one minute day
can you do it back to me it's ready set
go now you have to show you those fine
you were according to he returned Oh
Eddie just hit and run okay yeah I want
you to sit well first we're going to
talk I want you to turn the lid oh just
because I want to show look at this body
look at that
hey hey hey don't show what you have put
on put it on oh I can't afford about
anything on the show at all you know
what yeah look you guys it's the only
time I'll let you see what I touch oh
god my eyes are so big so nice while
using about end this without a shirt
this our gay lifestyle straw you're into
twig and your abs are so hard all the
time and another thing is hard right now
and wait wait wait let me turn to this
look at his hair curl my god three days
now I know you're lying
no no no no no no you know I like you're
three days or two days we can actually
show them example how are you might have
in basketball okay that's the kind of
the defender you go I fit well not like
that vertical or when you go to for
example dad you're going to ruin it
through a lot of showing them an example
so agree or disagree for one minute a
day where you keep showing my dick no
I'm not I just keep showing down because
I just want to look at okay just do one
twirl one throw em my work is a nope
they put it on I'm serious
okay let me show my ass and then see
what okay yeah no
ah hey guys yeah hey okay okay okay okay
oh you gave me a wedgie keep it up like
my dad's right there does my dad ever
stop working wait what is he doing I
think he's making chicken
oh no he's not making look Bosley's with
him too
although is that the dynamic duo this is
Shaq and Kobe in their prime Bosley and
wrong Shaq and Kobe this is LeBron and
d-wade freaking Steph and klay this is
then look okay I want you guys to tweet
to me you want to see them tweet it for
all my guys out there that have a
girlfriend or for all my girlfriends
that are watching this video not my
girlfriend I only have one but like for
all my girl fans that are watching this
video Jackie's going to kill me right
now I want you guys like I said for one
minute to just hype up your partner
whether it's a boy or girl hype them up
and tweet me the video me and Jackie you
want to watch it just hype them up he
has girlfriends too all my girlfriend's
out there just hype them up do what
Jackie did to me and we want to see the
video but don't plan it out don't tell
them just do it randomly I want to see
their reaction stop non-secular minions
why what's the point of having to ask so
I'm not gonna show it off fuck okay
she's leaving why I didn't even show it
again no I'm done showing my ass okay
don't come back downstairs sale fear oh
no
I'm trappin upstairs but I didn't finish
my sandwich hold on one more bite mmm
feel good where you going honey
no no no no no okay let me just make an
agreement no there's no agreement I'm
not gonna be showing my ass on camera
I won't five times of course you're not
a shit okay well I won't show it in any
other videos and I'm not going to edit
that part out I'm going to leave it in
at least I'm being honest I'm leaving
that party no okay that's worse now
starburns oh oh oh that oh my god oh my
god no go on the bed okay guys okay fine
just save Ivan till the next clip are
you staying in the house oh no no okay
well no what about one more time no why
okay Bosley your leg is so long oh okay
did you watch WrestleMania yesterday
Bosley
did you watch WrestleMania or no do you
want to watch WrestleMania because I'll
watch it with you yeah typical old
Bosley won't even answer my questions
guys to end this video I have a few
things to say so first of all to answer
everybody's question did I watch
WrestleMania a bunch of people were
tweeting about it all night yesterday
and a bunch of people were tweeting me
telling to watch it there was a son's
game on TV yesterday and if you know
anything about me you know I'm going to
choose to watch the son game over
everything but I'm not going to lie I
was paying attention to Wrestlemania on
Twitter I wanted to see what was going
on and I heard a few things I heard the
Hardy Boys came back which is crazy
because me growing up that was pretty
much my age my mean watching WWE the
Hardy Boys were the thing the Hardy Boys
were they were any when I was a kid so
that's crazy that's good to hear and
then I heard that the Undertaker retired
the Undertaker is a man who kept me up
night and nights and nights when I was a
kid I was so fucking scared every time I
watched Friday Night Smackdown the
Undertaker was somebody who wanted me in
my dreams when I was a kid the
Undertaker was an important part in
making me a pussy in my childhood so
it's really sad to see the Undertaker
retired like I said yesterday there was
a Sunday shout-out to Tyler Jules he has
the best game of his life 34 points 9
rebounds 9 assists oh and the dude is my
height he's five foot eight and he pulls
nine rebounds 9 assists and 34 points so
showers - Tyler Ulis but not beyond my
point
I want to launch Wrestlemania I'm going
to find a way to watch it tonight
because I didn't get a chance to watch
it yesterday but everybody was tweeting
about it I just want to share something
really quick to end this video I tweeted
this out yesterday if I wanted to say it
in my video the last time I watched
WrestleMania I want to see how many
people remember this or if this makes
you feel old or just I just want to
share it so the last time I actually
bought pay-per-view and watched
WrestleMania it was me and Brian we were
we set an alarm and woke up so early in
the morning and we made our predictions
for every match and we watched a bunch
of YouTube videos before WrestleMania
started you know predictions what people
think are going to happen and we were
just going crazy and so it finally
started and let me tell you I was the
biggest and fan ever I wanted to be the
rated-r superstar so bad like I was an
edge fanatic and Brian was a huge
Undertaker fan you know Brian basic just
like everybody else you love the
Undertaker and guess what
on that WrestleMania it was edge for its
Undertaker that was one end was like
with Vickie Guerrero and you know he had
the old love familiar with him and all
that and Undertaker was still undefeated
so this was you know I wanted edge to
break the streak and Bryden wanted
Undertaker to keep going with the
undefeated streak so you know we're
watching we're going crazy and you know
obviously what happened to Undertaker
beat edge and keep the streak alive and
I heard Undertaker lots of streets not
yesterday obviously but a couple years
back so that just shows you the last
time I watched WrestleMania was a while
ago I think that made Undertaker 50 nano
or 60 nano I'm not sure but he'd be edge
and I was sold your friends I didn't
want to go to school the next day I was
like no no why did X lose so that was
the last time I watched WrestleMania I
know that was probably like six years
ago seven five it was years and years
ago so yesterday when I was following on
Twitter what was happening
it did bring back some memories and I
definitely want to watch some highlights
of it it's not maybe watch the whole
thing on the try to look for it on the
Internet today hopefully I'm going to
virus from some illegal web site but
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I think me and
Jackie are cool she didn't get a little
mad hold on I'm about to go to the gym
right now because it is Monday morning
ah if you guys can't see my shoes so I'm
about to go play some lunchtime
basketball I'm really excited because
mondays are the best day for a lunchtime
basketball Mondays and Fridays and don't
forget we have our championship game
tomorrow night
championship so I'm so ready for that
and I can't wait so anyways thank you so
much for watching this video I wanted to
share that little last time I watched
WrestleMania moment and yeah I
appreciate all you guys stopping by I
love you guys overwatch long and it's
time to go play some basketball oh and I
have a haircut later today can't forget
all-in guys just to address one last
thing there have been so many comments
recently on my videos saying you're so
rude to Jackie you're so rude to your
girlfriend or the other way around
Jackie's so rude to you you know go find
yourself a better girlfriend she's so
rude you guys need to understand me and
Jackie has a very joking relationship we
love to joke around we're hardly ever
serious unless we're talking about
something really important we love to
mess around with each other we love to
make jokes we love to make fun of each
other so when you see things like me and
Jackie going back and forth or making
fun of each other
it's not being rude that's the way our
relationship is there are a lot of
people that understand a lot of older
people they know that's how a
relationship is it's actually healthy to
have a joking relationship it's healthy
to have a partner who you can mess
around with I don't think I would want
to be in a relationship where you're
serious serious serious all the time so
for everybody commenting oh you're so
rude to her and she's so rude to you
know that we just mess around we'd like
to play around we'd like to fool around
that's our relation relationship is
that's how we are with each other and if
we're being honest I think it's
ridiculous that I even have to address
this outfigure people would know by now
I'll figure people will know the
difference with whatever I don't need to
even need to get into it but now it's
just if you have a relationship that's
serious all the time then that's fine
I'm not judging but ours is not like
that
so don't mistake it with us being rude
to each other or hating each other
that's not what it is we just have a
funny relationship I guess
