what is going on guys Brandon here aka
robots and today i am bringing you guys
a brand new video
so last week in case you guys missed it
jackie pranked me by telling me that she
got a new boyfriend who's cuter than me
better than me had all these things she
pretty much just weigh in on me about
this new boyfriend and that's pretty
heated i'm the prankster not her and
ever since then i kept trying to think
what are some ways I can get Jackie back
and so finally I feel like I have an
opportunity so tomorrow me and my mom
and my dad you know my family we're
flying over to San Francisco family
vacation and jackie has something that
my mom means so Jackie's on her way
right now to drop off my mom's products
well what are you pranking Jackie with
you may ask mmm
let's just say that it has something to
do with this and instead of telling you
guys how about we show you guys boom but
you're crazy if you think I'm gonna have
it close no you're crazy if you think
that my prank to Jackie is gonna be oh a
closed condom on the desk so step number
one open condom wrapper open okay what
are you doing with this Brandon you may
ask well you know maybe a normal
prankster would get rid of me throw it
away and maybe prank Jackie with just
the wrapper but you gotta remember I am
NOT a normal person I'm a crazy
prankster and I'm still mad that Jackie
got me last week so we're gonna do this
prank extreme I'm going to have the
condo left on the bed but wait
that doesn't look used and what's the
fun in it if it doesn't look you so this
is Nancy I'm doing this for you guys so
drop a like on this video right now you
know we're gonna make it look a little
beat up make it look a little used and
then we are going to chocolate right
there so you know I need to go wash my
hand that's freaking
lubricant all over my freakin hands but
the prank is radios position this a
little bit better Jackie when she walks
in I'm just gonna be like yo can you
please drop off my mom's products in the
room and I don't even want to know how
she's gonna react oh and I'm not sure
where Jackie's in a Nissan I just gonna
have to camera setup I'm gonna have one
in the room just in case and I'm gonna
have one in the living room because I
don't know how she's gonna react I don't
know if she's gonna freaking like let's
just say I don't know where she's gonna
kill me I don't know how I'm gonna be
buried today I'm not gonna lie guys I'm
very very nervous I don't know if I've
ever done a prank this extreme this is
going a moment not like Jackie's crazy
but you got to do what you got to do I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of this
video hopefully this works out as
planned now we play the waiting game we
wait for Jackie to show up guys I don't
want to see after the video that's a
thing would you come to my funeral
though oh can you vlog my funeral okay
okay but no really would you come to my
funeral though
okay please bro tell my mom and dad I
love them Brian I love him Bosley tell
Bob to make sure I can't text them
they'll stop me from doing the prank I'm
very scared you think I'm trying to be
funny I actually believe Jackie's gonna
kill me you think there's me being funny
but I mean Who am I doing it for
Baba's God I'm not doing this for my own
pleasure I'm not doing this for you no I
don't want to die if I wanted to die
well sure as hell would not be my
ex-girlfriends hands I'm doing this for
you guys for the bagua squad no no guys
right now me saying my heart is beating
a million miles an hour that would be an
understatement
now my palms are sweating my freaking
like my toes are sweating I don't know
what to do right now but Jackie texted
me saying she's on her way up to the
room and I'm one came I said it over
here hitting kind of behind the blinds
and I need to go set a father camera in
a room like this is almost
well you just brought more a couple of
things because she asked me for like a
wallet or something just a no-lose fine
yeah I draw her like glasses and stuff
you just put in the bathroom bar on top
of the washer/dryer
Brandon
Brandon
what the fuck is this right in listen to
me
watching the de basketball game I don't
care what is this dude for real not
playing right now what what is this I
can't see where you can't see what is
this that's the fruit snax rapper that I
ate last night
don't play stupid Brenner I'm not
playing stupid I have to whether this is
what game fruit snacks no I know that's
not the fruit snacks I thought it was a
fruit and I don't know what that is you
don't know what this is so who opened it
not you cuz this isn't your plates
this isn't Brandon what is this house
wait I don't know is that Brendan I
don't have the patience right now okay
is that all you saw the condom wrapper
no do you mean what else do I see will
deserve to see nothing I just saw the
condom no I just thought you saw it so
what no I'm not sitting right don't play
me right now hey what am i playing I'm
on a video game or anything
what are you sitting on whoa what are
you sitting on
six and a half hours later well I
wouldn't touch it if I were you wants me
what is your problem
are you kidding me
you literally are the most disgusting
person I've seen in my entire life
what are you first of all who said it's
mine Oh
oh my god are you serious okay you know
how close I am with my friends what if
my friend wanted to use my looming mine
you can't even look at me in the eye
because I don't know I can't Tony watch
the basketball game Brian please don't
play stupid okay how nice I'm on to my
friends you tell me if one of them said
hey Brandon I need to use your place I
have a drill I'm not gonna say yes oh so
you're gonna keep the condom what you're
gonna like what I'd be a condom on your
bed you're gonna tell me you love done
is so much you're gonna keep this condom
tenancies just matter who Brian
don't try and make me stupid right now I
don't care because you know why I'm sure
you you could not have sex with have
your girls right now if you wanted to
but the fact I have a hundred girls what
am i Superman no but it's the fact that
you do it right in front of me like you
do is coming over I have to drop off
stuff for your mom okay well I forgot it
was on the bed I didn't do it on purpose
I left it on the bed on accident okay so
why did you lie to me just now because I
was scared
right I I want to kill you right now if
you kill me you lunatic all these you
kill me I'm literally shaking shaking
from what how am i rude what do you mean
hi you're rude first of all you just
lied to me
okay no human has ever lie everyone
makes mistakes
Brennan I'm really late Lucy Bishop well
baseball is opening day today the first
baseball game oh my ass well I thought
we were seeing what we could do without
you but whatever you want I don't care
at all I don't get all you go literally
girls if you wanted to but not in front
of me I told you I wanna hear that shit
I'm gonna see it like you're
embarrassing me I need to look at the
column I just had to drop off the
products from okay why would you leave
it there in the feel after you got sex
my problem I like I said have sex with
whoever you want you're single but the
fact that you like do it in front of me
because if you see that shit that's so
disrespectful how do you announce from
today like for real that's so district
or not a kid of what the girls so cute
you're gonna keep the condom here you're
gonna cuddle with it I wasn't curling
with it was on the end of the bed I
sleep okay so we're gonna sleep with the
before no I brought the condom with me
you are literally the most disgusting
person I've ever seen in my entire life
damn you must have not seen a lot of
people that like you know trust me I
would stay away from anybody that's like
you I can't believe like that you really
just leave it you left it on your bed
I forgot I told you the trash is for oh
wait I don't know if we could walk all
the way there it's bad enough I wanted
the door to open the door for you then
you want me to throw away the condom Oh
Matthew
I don't want to touch it after that it's
nasty you know what what's nasty is
probably the girls not least you're
smart enough to be using condoms like
I'm proud of you for that please are you
trying to say about the girls
there's nasty I already know for any
girl to come in here you
messy an aunt like even like you for you
not even wanted to clean up a little bit
you don't even have the audacity to
travel the condom away cuz it's nasty
you're saying Jessica my room is dirty
dirty you're clean I'm sure but like the
fact that you're using condoms with them
like I'm part of you for being smart
enough to like you're disgusting you
think of a new phone because you've
called me disgusting five hundred times
in the club because you are like a
Harley Malick embarrassed of yourself I
never said I'm on bears but you don't
understand as a guy I get tired of
having sex I can't beat the calm up and
walk to the trash and throw it away
first of all without like do the girls
know that little girl know that you
didn't with me cuz I'm sure she felt
very special I wasn't the topic of
discussion I'm sure it wasn't obviously
you guys weren't really discussing a lot
like I just I don't even know how you
were sitting there right now my mom's
punish me you and I got nothing but
respect you but the fact that you make
it known and you basically leave it
there for me to see it disrespectful I
would never do that if I give you this
will you feel better no I don't
understand like it's not that big of a
deal
to calm down don't tell me to calm down
I swear to God if I like which I told
you by the way so you can give it back
to me you want this back is my favor I
swear it's Bosley a painting of Bosley
okay don't take this one back you can
take the common stupid why are you so
mean I swear a little bit like if I said
that to you
well would your reaction be I just I
would love to you sound like a
kindergarten teacher how would you like
something I'm not going
I want to kill you don't kill you begin
serious trouble serious I'm trying to
save you right in I honestly like right
now that you're so lucky
no I'm scared I wanna get a restraining
order you're threatening to kill me I'm
serious I'm serious
okay let's play that how would you feel
how would you feel so does this mean
you're not my friend
hey I haven't heard you cuss this much
since our last argument now I'm really
gonna you already go and you stepped on
the Gucci now I'm definitely getting a
restraining order
what no such gum this is a freakin
airheads addition what do you know about
this one look the condom is not used the
condom is not used where'd it go
where is it okay then where's the white
thing you're telling me I had sex and
nothing came out what am i freaking
ghost there's nothing in here it's fake
I opened and I stopped it because I
slapped it across the bed like this to
make it look used trust me you know my
con would be more beat up in this you
know more than anybody that it would be
more no no the thing is I don't care but
the fact that you're so rude and open
about it like I totally I don't want to
see that shit open about what it's a
prank nothing happy your lips do you
have a lot of lip gloss what I don't get
why you're mad
who the hell told you to do that Dennis
I'm gonna kill him right now watch I'm
going to his room
he's sleeping no he's not he's sleeping
mm-hmm Dennis okay it was my idea you
did a new boyfriend paint on me that was
fine a new boy oh that was fine but when
are you something is freakin bad you
might as well have had sex in front of
me no that's rude I was like laughing
because I was so mad
wow I haven't seen that from you before
and my nail broke right before I came
here
yeah honestly guys you now never taught
us to do the prank before she came
imagine the first thing she said when
she walked in my nail broke imagine that
right there I knew I'm screwed I
shouldn't do this prank when a girl
breaks are nailed you know she's already
having a bad day I was ready to be here
on Doheny stop oh there I go what does
that mean but they'll all go listen oh
really what you did to me sweating
because I was so nervous to do this
train no no no this is what I don't get
about Jackie and it's not only Jackie
it's about Brian and my mom and my dad
is Dennis let me tell you really quick
coming up Ozzie listen so what are you a
break on the devil I deserve to go to
hell I deserve to burn in hell not just
go to hell to watch I just have to burn
in hell and I deserve to never ever make
a prank ever again okay but when they do
a prank her or my family it's oh good
one calm down man it is not that serious
because we don't do pranks like you
is that my fault I'm a good prankster
nobody told you guys to do weak pranks
right there was no jail or anything okay
if there was no job show you would have
killed me two years ago when we first
started dating no I think I need to go
restraining order route up to this video
yeah me against you for what yeah I'm
sure the judge will grant you that
actually with how annoying I am you
could probably get a way of getting a
restraining order for me being annoying
you have a do what you oh now you're
laughing and making fun of my chin but
20 minutes ago I literally want the
lipstick it's like I've never gone that
crazy on you okay make me start please
please God don't make me start I've
never gone that quick I think that's the
comments you've ever been actually I I
really almost went crazy but I didn't
almost oh I like kept my cool you guys I
will give Brandon credit though that's a
really good prank so I give you props
I went from giving me death to giving me
props Wow
I'm ready to end this video and end my
life too
every day you know you don't forgive you
I swear truce I did prank you last week
so I you know what I deserved it okay
guys make sure you hit that subscribe
button almost at three million are you
you're over that three million make sure
you hit that doorbell button
notification squad comment that I'm cute
because I am coming that he's cute
because he's not and that's why she
dated me for over two years someone
who's not cute yeah and like the video
because honestly I got a heart attack I
will give him this one 100% I'm not even
gonna be salty about it in the video
guys thank you so much for watching this
video guys I love each and every single
one of you guys hopefully the teacher
Jackie Alice and not to prank me ever
again
not okay okay just don't get mad
whatever I love you guys all I really do
bye guys and I'm out peace never ever
find the right word just there's no way
this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
