all I'm gonna say I'm gonna leave this
right here Devin Booker is winning the
three-point contest don't at me Devin
Booker is winning the three-point
contest mark my words it doesn't force
any left to win it see I think this is
just scared so he's saying all that you
said again I think now you might be able
to come on tour with me Devin but we got
snow from the all-star game he deserved
to make it but um it's all good because
he's in the three-point contest and he's
gonna take his anger out over there he's
gonna win the three-point contest
remember me saying this right now when
we're there live in person and Devin
Booker is holding up that three-point
trophy ever since I was a kid every year
I look forward to it and I've never been
to one live so I can't wait to finally
be there and I feel like it's gonna be
crazy
I mean that way Dennis no you can't be
in there yeah remember hey Jay tell them
why me and Dennis can't be in your
snapchat and what video was surprised
Jay was blacked out in the thumbnail so
he wants to make a snapchat with us now
but he can't post it because then
everybody would know that he's with us
and he's the person that's blacked out
so he can't he has to make solo snapchat
for now but we're out here Rodeo Drive
it's a beautiful day
one of the world's biggest Gucci stores
two stories without big this is beau if
Bryan came here I swear he would Bob
Ryan would rent a room here he would
never leave he would live here good
thing he didn't come we would I never
left all-star weekend is crazy
la play so many people about to witness
Devin Booker winning the three-point
contest
look at this there's thousands and
thousand people but la is beautiful the
weather is beautiful and you know what
else is beautiful when Devin yeah you
and when Devin Booker is going to be
holding up that trophy all these people
don't know yet D books taking that
three-point crown we're about to walk in
I'm so excited like I said I would look
forward to these events every single
year as a kid growing up and I've never
been to one ever in my life
there's your boy Dennis who's winning
this market is Chicago Bulls fan
Dennis damn and beat his fast for his
side okay go ahead go ahead go ahead go
ahead go ahead
okay Lowery ok Lowery ok Lowery you call
it it championship baby yo Chicago
so there's dj khaled and Floyd
Mayweather DJ Khaled's and the wife and
Floyd money's in the blacks let's go
deeper Wayans okay Russ triple-double
machine from your home it ain't Booker
so I ain't cheering okay pg-13 is up
next
everybody here in LA once Paul George
Wow Paul George is off today Paul George
was off he only got nine Booker's up
next let's go deeper the NBA's top young
score one I'm so hyped right now let's
go baby
why
let's go hey guess who's in first place
so halfway through the contest D book is
in first place the cave 21 years old
pressure doesn't faze him uh-uh
first place so far these four I'm so
nervous right now I'm so nervous
hey Toronto I love you guys Canada I
love you guys but I cannot let Kyle
Lowry beat Booker I cannot let Lowry
beat Booker
okay Booker's stay from Lowry Booker's
safe from Lowry
like I said Canada I love all you guys
but Booker is safe from Lowry
no yes yes Booker says old that means
Booker's in that means because in the
finals
that means Booker's in the finals I
swear Booker's in the championship let's
go baby
betide D book really out here 21 years
old and in the championship round let's
go the youngest player in the
three-point contest made it to the
championship round
championship round about the start I
found more nervous than the player I'm
so nervous because I want Booker to win
so bad
no no no no no no no yes yes yes 1700
boogers up I'm so nervous I'm so nervous
right now I'm more nervous than Devin
Booker
Oh
what what I told you guys let's go
28 keeps a youngest kid here 28 what's
that okay Clay's the last one it all
comes down to this
I'm literally shaking no clay don't do
this to me clay
I'm so hyped it feels like I'll own this
everybody all you haters who tweeted to
me saying Booker had no chance I don't
care I really don't know guys it's LA
also we can the pressure is on everybody
was feeling the pressure but Devin
Booker the pressure does not faze it 28
I've never seen that happen before and I
watch basketball every single tank and
I've never seen 28 like I don't care
about the opposition I don't care about
anything D book go legit whatever you
want to call him let's go baby
he's 21 he's younger than me for the
love of God guys I had to step out in
the hallway really quick I could I was
too excited I can't save my seat there's
no way like oh and I double-checked it
Devin Booker broke the record that's the
all-time record 28 oh he frickin broke
the all-time record and we were there to
witness it my board then is you think I
could eat I'm too excited though you get
food hey will you say yes to everything
I say now I'll say yes to whatever you
all right now go ahead right now right
now if some random train just says
coming out while your earrings are
chained your jacket I'll give them
everything I swear okay you can have my
a forever bra at this point I don't care
okay I don't even know what to do but I
have to stand up like I'm standing right
now I couldn't stay seated not only did
he win the three-point contest but he
broke the record for like in any history
yeah bow dunk contest time I wouldn't be
surprised if Devin Booker who has a dunk
contest and he's not even in it he's
that good
Donovan Mitchell up first what's this
oh he's bringing out another basket okay
let's see what's up
Rookie of the Year
damn you got home okay Dennis Smith jr.
of Oh Larry Nance former Laker he's
gonna wear his dad's Jersey he's gonna
wear his dad's Jersey watch I told you
Phoenix Jersey now I'm hired me go
where's car D we want car t his shorts
hella short he literally took the
definition of shorts and made them short
okay he wants Kevin Hart Kevin Hart's
like why did I see courtside why oh my
god
okay championship round right now let's
see who takes it
spider-man Donovan Mitchell or Larry man
Larry Nance okay
so he's saying it's over Donovan said
it's over
he's literally begging the judges Waner
okay guys so we met up with Devin Booker
sister and his mom after the three-point
contest and they told us to go over to
the hotel so we're about to go see Devin
really quick congratulate him and you
know I'll get him in the video so you
guys always lo endeavors in the videos
okay catch up with three-point champion
Devin Booker
when David comes down to San Diego 3.5
zestimates right here that's other place
for
yo guys today was a blur all I'm gonna
say is I'm extremely happy that Devin
Booker won the three-point contest I was
just chatting with him for a little bit
after breaking the record for most shots
made in three-point contest history are
you kidding me ooh Congrats my boy D
book he deserves it he earned it freakin
crazy I was going crazy my voice was
gone I was going crazy but anyway thank
you so much to his mom his sister Pop's
and happy birthday to his brother davon
I got to hold the freaking trophy in my
hands that was crazy it's not as heavy
as it looks
hey all I was thinking when I was in my
hands what if I drop it what if I drop
it what if I drop it what if I drop it
now just joking but he was confident
which you holding it
but there's the one who told me he's
like hey go get the trophy but yeah
Booker's actually coming down to San
Diego so if you enjoyed this video we're
most likely gonna link up to make
another video later anyways guys D book
three-point champion I freaking told you
guys I hope you enjoyed this video once
again shoutout to Booker and all his
family and all his boys trust trust
that's my boy right there Congrats once
again I know he worked hard for this Hey
and what Brendan is proof sticking what
you believe in
yeah always telling you I told you guys
Booker was gonna win I told you guys but
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I had a ton of fun I
got to witness everything live drop a
like on this video if you did enjoy
subscribe to the channel if you are new
I'm out I love you guys so much I love
you a lot really all you guys were wall
swung and I'm out peace guys I'm on the
way back home to San Diego right now
editing my video on my laptop and I had
to throw this part in there I don't even
have my camera to film this I'm filming
with my laptop webcam but I had to say
it did I really hold the freaking trophy
like I don't think it hit me yesterday I
woke up today and I was editing and I
saw myself holding the freaking trophy
that was awarded to Devin Booker for not
only winning the three-point contest but
making history and he's like yo go grab
it and I'm like okay well I don't know
it's just crazy again shout out to book
I'm upset that we're leaving Los Angeles
you know we had a great time shout out
to Nike for bringing me out here but
it's all good because when we go back to
San Diego we're gonna be linking up with
Devin Booker davon shit I don't know
guys we just had a really really good
time and I hope you enjoyed this video
ish anyway to see his crazy bows it's
like I'm in shock
hey Devin he's a Bulls fan don't talk to
him now you're dead boogers fan huh
watch watch never ever find the right
words there's no way this is real life
there's no telling your the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
