what's that everybody wait how do you
say if you don't know how I start my
videos I'm not taking you to the gym
with me I promise you that
hey guys no that's wrong you know no she
did I never say hey guys what do you
know those finalists hey guys yeah guys
get yourself a girlfriend who actually
watches your video if you watch your
videos that way you're not um what is
going on you guys been in here aka bro
artists hey you guys both interrupting
my intro
what is going on you guys Brandon you're
a capo ah ah and if you want me what's
going on right now first of all I have
the hood over my head because I don't
put my head on your Chabad leap Issa's
on every corner of this house Bosley's
so I can't even put my own look at this
look at the carpet Brian this is
disgusting where is this brightest to
your Bosley's yeah guys anyways where
are we going to do what no well for you
work out what about for me guys look
Jackie tried my meth
wait you tied your other shoe yeah you
said you were gonna try my thing okay
guys well she said she was going to try
my thing
where it clumsy no look I tie my left
shoe and then I leave my right shoe
untied untie go play the first game it
works at least that's what I think
wait I might pass out on the court what
did I eat right am I in the burrito you
took out all out and you ate the 30s
guys I just ate a burrito like two
minutes ago who else he a burrito right
before leaving to the gym
Nature Valley you mean the difference
between me and Jackie I eat a burrito
before the gym and she's the Nature
Valley bar miss healthy health freak all
of a sudden all of a sudden fan you
heard the woman she's gonna go work out
and I'm gonna go play basketball guys
nature valley boards are the god of
making crumbs I know I learn I feel so
careful even if you eat one carefully
it's impossible to not make a clump
that's the the Guinness Book of World
Record for Nature Valley you can't eat
it without making crumbs everywhere or
maybe I just don't know how to eat oh I
can't wait to play basketball did my
face and I'm on the way to go play
basketball new happier than do ya know
my face won like I'm about to see Jackie
is cooling on like this my face when I
go to play basketballs like this wait
wait wait
basketball basketball away my neighbor
Hey because I'm so nice to my neighbors
I swear I went to hey how are you doing
today good and you guys I'm so happy
because I used to love this song but
they don't have it on Apple music so
when I found it on YouTube oh my god I
got so happy listen Jackie doesn't know
yet all right hold on
hold on you guys are getting fooled
right now because it's not my way by
steady walk hold on I told you to wait
they have my way by Fetty WAP on Apple
music but this song they don't have on
Apple music and I used to love it last
year or two years ago but I forgot it
existed when I got Apple music and then
I remembered it existed so I found it on
YouTube and I loved it no I did it I
really know that on that's the only
remix time everybody knows you work
right break isn't it isn't it you look
at much I'm so blind I couldn't even
look over them all they have you know
it's all gotta do small because it
doesn't know that song I will look
especially me you know I know every time
yeah and I know you looked at not it
okay wait coming over coming up no one
thing no one singing all I gotta do is
for my mind turning shake
I'm about to sing nothing oh my god my
ears bleeding yeah you're singing
okay wait you see now you have no no no
no no no no no no no now you said not my
ears are bleeding from my own oh my God
thank you
well I'm gonna get copyright turned off
please I hate this fucking sport
I swear I hate this world
is why I love basketball guys on the way
back from the gym the way back to share
all the dead know one thing guys I used
to love that song and then I got Apple
music and they didn't have a day and I
forgot about it till I remembered there
was something called YouTube because I
don't really use YouTube Gummidge select
clan yeah I forgot you tubing so so I
remember you now I'll know you to read
to you know write service yes you do you
liars
stop I'm cutting now you liar you lie oh
my goodness
babe do not move there's a wild animal
don't move don't move
she's moving guys
I forgot I lived up the San Diego Zoo
this move babe a snake
come look move closely don't scare it or
else it will come to me this one might
be a black mamba or maybe we're looking
at anaconda I think we're looking at an
anaconda babe just snake
don't they know that did we say no fans
at the house hey didn't you see the
video babe didn't I say no fans at the
house I'm not going to touch it I don't
want to end up at the dam haha kitty cat
rock who knows I'm home and children I'm
not this is why I don't go to Jessica's
house anymore because their cat is wild
it comes from the lion family that is
not a damn cat that's a freaking wild
animal likely that like my lab is back
no way guys I used to love my cousin
Jessica I used to go to her house all
the time I used to be there every time I
had some free time now I don't step foot
in here there because she has a cat and
it's crazy yes so now I hate just
because she got the cat
oh no here's one here's a cat a big cat
a fat cat spying are you crazy
Bryan holy shit wait
Bryan Oh Mike wait I'm gonna jack off to
this haha fine how long is this going to
take
I see I don't know how to lay hold on
hold on I got a question for you would
you like me and Jackie to hell
yeah Oh know what I offer that leave and
careful there's a snake outside yeah I
was by the tree yeah like a lizard or
snakes and shit oh my gosh okay guys
we're gonna help find oh my god you took
those roots are down Oh No
Oh No yeah Brian is obsessed with them
so yeah this is a rescue
we're gonna help they're gonna help
Brian just ready for a facial right here
all right you're like 45 minutes I'm
sweating
well I laughing on the paper I said I
want a facial and he's smiling careful
get balls look it's because my clown
shoes they knock everything over size-12
bride's absenting himself is crazy okay
guys so we just finished helping Brian
fill the whole house I would go down and
show you guys but I think my mom and dad
I've shown their way so he's gonna prank
them I don't want to take his footage so
I'm gonna let him record that he printed
2,000 pictures of himself anyway guys
I'm about to take a shower because I was
at the gym I played for a couple hours
two hours I don't know not too long oh
there were fights today at the gym I
love basketball five basketball fight is
just you know a really petty argument
and I'm always involved in those in
basketball I'm always good as I'm petty
I love it I feel like it makes it more
competitive and makes everybody play
more physical so I love when there's
argument while I take a shower this time
Jackie isn't gonna shower with me so
where are you gonna go she wants to
bring us food but I'm not going over
Dawa I said surprise me
no please can you just tell me today for
almost two years into this relationship
I feel like
like they surprised me please look you
know I'm not a picky what do you mean I
said the project is not you know what
couple do like a little surprise me down
oh you're gonna go get some honey just
to prod me sweetie yeah not you if you
don't like how the things I like okay
just close the door you can come to
Xiaomi and get food later okay guys
maybe that so don't why do you say that
disgusting
I'm being serious not dead at all okay
guys so we're actually going to eat
after the shower then say bye Wow what
did I do
you hit your head and say bye Wow what
did I do
you hit your head look guys if the
camera wasn't on she would have hit her
head on my shoulder be like oh you hit
me and I'll say yeah you watch it yet
you know how he hurt me okay I want to
shower okay say bye vlog hey hold on
guys but we don't waste water
I'm about to get a shower and Jackie
goes wait you up not anything
all of you come on oh I didn't you said
oh my gosh dude yeah she said I had
tears on my mole okay told ya got me
happy are you happy there weren't so
long like systolic okay whoa okay now I
just shaved my mole here that was
something I was growing for so long
Batman no they didn't you know Cahill's
he's meant a lot to me guys I was
growing my mother for so long this is my
birthmark and not a chicken
Wow just a jacket a dog you are
beautiful
out of your bowl here so listen listen
it was not like that and I you're lying
because the camera was off
I'm not lying look at this guy's aah oh
my gosh
wait that's not even belong no no okay
so maybe my mole had a little bit of a
lot of hair but I'm so happy you shave
it off so shouting move on show the new
student
why mr. Dalton why I was my special your
hair was this long look guys this long
got it
stop imagine if let you say your grandma
gave you so many when you were a kid
okay no no no no I'm stopping you right
there because let me show the musical
imagine if your grandma gave you
something when you're a little kid and
you held on to it for like 20 years and
I made you throw it away
um that's not the case I love you okay
nobody changes guys what march 30th is
official working on my life mark sorry
mom can we make us I'm not no no you can
kiss my mole that's it oh my god there's
hairs good cookie kiss them or maybe
then they'll make their go look did it
oh no honestly water running shout it
out going I'm not going to shower the
only reason I take showers is so I could
shampoo the hand on the mall ear is such
a liar
you're conditioned it no the window
conditioner cuz they went that long oh
no big deal yes they were okay let me
show you let me show that oh okay no I'm
here most of my thumbs
let me just show it guys March 30th 2017
the worst ever in one's life you know my
government has been speaking to you what
does that involve
it kind all I have hair guys he really
doesn't want me first of all it's a
birthmark mama
okay I'm countin first mark clean and
shave god I used to go to the beach
every single day and people would know
me as oh yeah that's what I was the
hairy birthmark that's what I was a
hairball now why would you want to be
known as that cuz it just means like you
know Anthony Davis has the universe out
has developed a hearing more and now
just I'm not gonna go going to beach
anymore and if I don't know how to take
my shirt off yeah I'm not it when do you
though
showering I'm not what's the Photoshop
Isis more like this and I really am
going to shave your beard just know that
on the day what do you want here Oh big
deal
oh wow sorry old one just know everybody
March 30 2015 my girlfriend forced me to
shave hair dilemmas not cut why would
you be pissed if I then your beard
knowledge and I get outside requested
yeah okay back to the show guys look at
this it's staring Jackie in the face ah
she gave up soda for Lent wait how many
more days do you have to give it up okay
you know I say God gives second chances
honestly if you drink this benefic drink
it yeah it was one time come on coming
upwe God come on it's oh my okay guys
wait before you go what's coming on TV
next week TV for the break price is
great Prison Break we can't wait we were
just talking about it we're so hot
because Prison Break on TV next week
Schofield link Sucre t-bag
what's that bitch's name Sara Sara
Tancredi no but the other one the one
that works for the house with the
general the one with the blue eyes
what's in a what a day Oh
what's your name the freakin yeah she
holds a gun as you know fucking oh um um
she has like blue eyes and red lipstick
no we hear all we don't know it already
they just hit and run hey guys
what what what Gretchen Gretchen you
looked it up I hated you just for your
fucking funny looking I'll see your
history yeah where are we let's show it
on the punk riot belek relic oh my god
we won't
teabag fought oh my god no thank you
you realize ever since you broke my
camera
it loses foot like I can't record for
more than a minute without losing focus
and then I've to redo it this shit oh my
god you're welcome
I feel like throwing up every time I
look at the wall now ah I'm just joking
act like jacking off forever good okay
guys it's 2:24 a.m. almost 2:30 in the
morning I think that's enough editing
for tonight so we'll finish editing
tomorrow morning Jackie's already
knocked out she fell asleep while I was
editing so we gotta get ready for
lunchtime basketball I'm going back to
the gym tomorrow
there's my daily live guys record edit
and then go play basketball so I need to
get some sleep because I need to wake up
early
let me try to get a outro from Jackie
right now she's gonna kill me for waking
her up but it's the right thing to do
guys I love sleeping next my girlfriend
those are the best nights sleeping next
to the girl you love doesn't get much
better than this baby you took all the
blanket I feel like there's how married
couples get in bed babes you took a lot
of blanket what's wrong with you
jeez don't I do enough for you in life
as you could share a blanket come on
okay I want you to give a goodbye to the
vlog altro say bye guys thank you so
much for watching this video
no that's not long enough they need to
meet mmmm-mmm Wow this is weak okay okay
okay just say bye guys and that's it
okay you know what I'm gonna scratch it
with my toenail okay fine fine fine
okay fine here I'll put you to sleep by
saying this here here this will put you
to a good sleep guys you know there's
nothing better than sleeping next to the
girl you love and just cuddling with her
and being next to her and sleeping next
to the most beautiful girl in the world
ah your feet are so cold do you want me
to hug you to sleep okay only if you say
bye to the vlog ha ha ha now she did it
okay guys really thank you so much for
watching this video thank you so much
for watching this video guys I hope you
guys enjoyed until next vlog oh really
quick tell them where we're going
tomorrow so what they could expect for
the next vlog I'll be eternally minigolf
I think we're gonna go mini-golfing so
next video is going to be a good one and
we're hoping anyways anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video
how'd you rate up so my choice I'm sad I
was having a dream was it about Devin
Booker no I don't drink why not huh I'll
tell you off-camera
Oh dreams come true so peace out thanks
so much for watching this video guys for
watch love you guys all wrote to 2
million forget okay you know what you in
love to me so oh yeah I got like I said
road to to mill is real we should be
hitting 1.8 million subscribers any day
now
maybe today maybe tomorrow will be at
1.8 million and then from Han we're
getting so close to 2 million subs
this is wild in this household my
brother is getting really really close
to 5 million which is crazy like if I'm
going to be happy for 2 million 5
million for Brian is going to be crazy
I'm
almost sounds happy as I am for Brian
that I am for myself so we're so close
to two million and if you're new to this
channel make sure to subscribe anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and I hope you guys enjoyed I need
to get some sleep because right now I'm
pretty much talking like I'm half way
asleep right now I'm so tired it's
almost 3:00 in the morning I need to be
up and I don't know what every time I
need to wake up to go to the gym to go
play basketball but before I need to
wake up earlier so I could finish the
video that I was editing so I need to be
up in a couple hours anyways I'm going
to sleep goodnight guys and thank you so
much for watching this video I don't
know why I said goodnight because you're
probably going to be watching this in
the daytime but thank you guys so much
for watching this video
