what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus and today's Tuesday so I
hope you guys are all enjoying your
Tuesday I'm just gonna be straight up
with you guys I'm just gonna be honest
for today's video I got up and I was
like okay let me film something
entertaining let me film something fun
so I could upload for you guys and no
matter what I tried to do no matter what
I thought of doing there was only one
thing that came to my head there was
only one thing that I could think about
and that was our playoff game tonight
and I had a lot of ideas there were a
lot of things I could have done but no
matter what I tried to do just one thing
kept going through my head the
basketball game tonight and so if I
tried to make one of those videos I
would just keep talking about the game
or it would be a half assed video it
wouldn't be that good because I'm not
thinking about the video I'm thinking
about the game so I decided let me save
those videos for later so instead for
today's video I'm just gonna tell you
guys you know what's at stake tonight
and why I've been thinking about this so
much so for those who want to X out
because you don't want to watch me sit
here and talk you could go ahead and do
that for those that want to know why
tonight is so important for us then you
can stand watch so tonight is going to
be our team's first playoff game the
Devin Booker's first playoff game so for
those who don't know we obviously play
in a basketball league me and my brother
on the team along with five other family
members five other cousins and this is
the first season that we played with
each other and we made it to the
playoffs which honestly I'm really proud
of my boys because there are 10 teams in
this league and only the top four make
it to the playoffs only four out of ten
so the fact that we made it in our first
season together I think that's pretty
good but we shouldn't stop there we
should have set the bar to oh just make
the playoffs now the bar should always
be the championship but the first step
obviously is making it to the playoffs
you can't win a championship if you
don't get to the playoffs so we made it
to the playoffs and for those who don't
know
last season I played on a team where I
didn't know anybody on the team they
just asked me to play a last-second and
so I played we didn't make the playoffs
so I haven't played in a playoff game
yet this is going to be my first time a
couple years ago in a different league
me and my brother played on a team we
played in the playoffs there but in this
league this is going to be the first
time so I'm so excited I'm very very
excited and this is all I've been
thinking about for the
past week ever since we won our last
game knowing that we were gonna make the
playoffs this is all I've been thinking
about I wake up every morning and I'm
like okay three more days till the game
two more days till game one more date
and then today I woke up and I was like
okay the day's finally here
the day is finally here tonight is our
playoff game now keep in mind this isn't
like the NBA it's not a series where
first one to win four games or anything
like that no this is a one game type of
thing you lose you're out season's over
no more playing for you guys you win
then you advance and so this is kind of
like the college basketball NCAA
tournament March Madness this is what it
is because I had someone tween me saying
how many games you know is it a
best-of-seven is it a best-of-five and I
said now bro if you lose you're out so
this is a very very important game and
like I said only the top four teams made
the playoffs so everybody in the
playoffs is good there's no like you
know oh we were the best team so we get
to play the worst no it taught for
everybody that's in the playoffs that
made it is good the team were playing
today actually we lost to them during
the season so we finished the season
with seven wins and three losses we were
tied for a second and guess who we were
tied to this team we were tied
this team is seven and three just like
us we played them earlier and we lost we
haven't beat them so this is gonna be
our chance for a revenge and I'm excited
i frickin I can't wait everybody who
knows me knows that you know my
competitiveness is kind of high I love
playing basketball
I love playing regular games but when
there are games like this when there are
games that mean so much it's so
different like it just makes you want to
win so bad it makes you want to play so
bad which is why I'm about to leave to
the gym right now to go shoot around a
little bit because our game isn't for
another like eight hours it's at 7:30
p.m. and I need to play I don't care I
need to go play so just to kind of wrap
things up a little bit like I said
earlier I tried and trying to try to
make a video for you guys I had a good
idea that I don't want to spoil because
I'm gonna be doing it later not tomorrow
tomorrow is obviously gonna be the
basketball game but I will be doing the
idea that I had later and I tried to do
it today but the only thing like I would
turn the camera on and the only thing I
wanted to talk about was
basketball game tonight I would try to
do the idea that I had but the only
thing that was running through my head
is playoff game playoff game playoff
game so I said you know what I'm not
gonna bring you guys a half-assed video
I'm not gonna waste a good idea where
I'm just gonna be thinking about
basketball even though I always think
about basketball but today's a little
bit worse in terms of thinking about
basketball so I I just decided let me
just bring you this video instead first
playoff game for our team together I
think we're all excited at least I'm
excited I'm hoping the rest of the boys
are excited and I just hope we can win
man
like I said in every single basketball
game video every single video from last
season and this season that's 20 games
10 games each in every video I've said
we need to win I like winning yeah I
doubt anybody goes out there and steps
on the basketball court
and hopes to lose I doubt anybody says
you know what we played hard but we lost
so yes no nobody likes losing nobody
likes losing especially me basketball I
love winning games I love when my team
lands it's not about oh I won I'm better
than you it's not about that it's just
like winning and then seeing the smile
on your teammates faces and it's just
like winning a basketball game is a good
feeling that's all I'm gonna say and as
a competitor a lot of people tell me oh
you compete super hard you know your
competitiveness is through the roof that
makes winning even better and it makes
losing even worse so every single game
I've ever talked about oh we need to win
this is an important game nothing has
been more important than tonight not
last season or this season have we
played in a playoff game so this is
going to be our first one so every time
that I've ever said oh there's our most
important game oh this game means so
much throw that away throw that out the
window because that does not mean half
as much as what tonight means tonight is
really our most important game tonight
is really our biggest test and like I
said we've lost to this team already so
it's not gonna be easy it's going to be
tough but I'm ready ever since last week
when our season ended and I knew we were
gonna be playing in the playoffs
I was counting down days hours minutes
seconds just joking not minutes or
seconds because that would just like
fucking waste my whole entire day but I
was counting days and hours and the day
is finally here
7:30 p.m. you lose you're done ow
season's over seven wins and three
losses done toss it away but if we win
we advance to the next round which is
the championship small little playoffs
just two rounds look all I'm gonna say
for my team I just want to say I'm proud
of you guys because usually it takes
players time to gel it takes players
time to finally be comfortable with each
other so I was expecting it to take a
couple of seasons before we've never
played with these people before I played
with Brian before obviously that's my
brother
but everybody everyone from our family
that we put on the team we've never
played with them they're just we're just
like hey you want to start a team okay
yeah sure
so I thought it would take us time
before we got comfortable with each
other I thought it would take us time
before you know we got used to playing
with each other but here we are in our
first season we were tied for second
place in the playoffs and one win away
from the championship so I'm super proud
of you guys and think about it all my
teammates that are watching this if we
already made it to the playoffs in our
first season together you know what
everybody says you get better the more
time you play with each other the more
time you spend playing with each other
on the court the more chemistry you get
the more comfortable you get and the
better you get so imagine next season
and the season after but at the same
time let's not think about those seasons
let's think about tonight and let's
think about next week those two things
so to close this video out I just want
to say I'm ready for tonight I'm hyped I
can't wait this is really the most
important game not only of this season
but last season let's just say I've
never played in a more important game
before for someone like me I always say
I love winning basketball games and this
is just on a whole other level you know
I get upset when I lose a regular game
and I know oh there's always next week
imagine this game if you lose there is
no next week you got to watch the
championship and know that you're not
playing in it so there's a lot at stake
there's a lot of pressure and in my
opinion it's games like today that
separate the good players from the bad
players it's days like today where the
pressure is on you know the spotlight is
on you if you lose you're done if you
win you're in the championship so I feel
like it's days like today that really
separate
who is a good player and who kind of you
know crumbles under pressure who lets
the pressure get to him for example me
I've never tested myself yet yeah I've
played in a lot of regular-season games
but I haven't played in the playoffs yet
so I feel like tonight is really gonna
determine if I'm good or bad if I come
out there and play shitty and my team
loses then I fucking suck I'm literally
the worst basketball player on earth I'm
worse than Brandon Knight if I go out
there and I play worse than what I
usually play because the pressure is too
much or because it's the playoffs
then I'm trash I'm this at basketball
that's what I would be that's what I
feel like but if I go out there and play
really good and play better than what I
usually do I feel like you know that's
how you could separate who's good and
who's bad when the pressure is on and
everybody's watching and you're in a
situation where you know if you lose
you're done but if you win you're in I
feel like that's what really brings out
the best in people that's what really
shows which people fall under pressure
and which people love the pressure which
people love being in the spotlight
so without further ado today's Tuesday I
know a lot of people are on spring break
so if you're on spring break and you
have the day off enjoy it obviously if
you're in school I still hope you enjoy
your day school ends in the afternoon so
after the afternoon after school's over
I hope you enjoyed the rest of your day
like I said to anybody in the area and
you come out to the game of games at
7:30 I can't wait to see you guys I
can't wait to meet you guys and look
let's just go out there and win this
game I got so many people that love
watching my basketball videos I owe you
guys a championship game vlog I owe you
guys for next week my video shouldn't be
watching the championship and recording
my video next week for you guys should
be playing in the championship game
that's what it should be I owe you guys
I owe you guys so many of the fans that
watch my videos come out to the game and
support us they bring signs they cheer
they clap and we want to lose in the
first round no we owe it to you guys to
go to the championship for everybody who
can't make it to the game and you're
watching from home
we owe it to you guys to give you our
first championship game vlog either way
this is our first playoff game vlog but
it shouldn't stop there for all my
teammates really good job pat yourself
on the back we made it we were taught
four we were actually taught for a
second so we had a really good season
but it doesn't stop here the bar is not
set at playoffs the bar should be set at
championship that's what it should be
set as I'm ready I'm about to go to the
gym right now and shoot around kind of
just get myself ready for tonight most
important game of the season literally
is tonight and after tonight I'm gonna
find out if I'm the worst basketball
player on earth and I suck and I'm
trashed at basketball or it's gonna
determine it's just gonna determine
everything okay so thank you guys so
much for watching this video one last
time I do apologize I had a different
idea but I just couldn't do it because I
was just you know hotline bling just
thinking about this game but tomorrow
you're gonna get our very first playoff
game vlog I'm really happy that Bryan
came back last week because we could
really use his shooting tonight and for
those who don't remember the team were
playing tonight if you didn't watch my
game a couple weeks ago it's the team
with they don't have like a certain star
player they don't have that one guy
where you're like oh he's so good but
they just play as a team and then they
have this guy down low who's like 6 foot
4 or 6 foot 5 he just stands there like
a wall like this and like you can't he
blocks everything so it's gonna be tough
but look we're tied with them for a
reason because we're not worse than them
there's gonna be a good game I hope we
win I'm gonna do my best to help my team
win I know my teammates are gonna do
their best to help us win and thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
love you guys all and tune in tomorrow
for the game vlog I don't want to say it
doesn't mean shit but I feel like cuz I
led the team in scoring and assists in
the regular season so I leave the team
in scoring and assists in the regular
season but then the playoffs come and I
play like shit then what the hell is a
regular season even matter I don't care
about the regular season if we're in the
playoffs it's an it's like a whole new
season so that's why I stay like tonight
really determines what type of player
each person on the team is because
like for example for me to lead the team
in scoring and passing assists in the
regular season and if I don't do my job
in the playoffs the regular season
doesn't mean shit it wouldn't matter if
you're a good basketball player you
could do what you're doing the regular
season also in the playoffs if not
better so honestly if I do bad tonight I
don't want anyone to say oh you played
bad tonight but you had a really good
regular-season you you led the team in
scoring you led the team in assists you
know good job it was just an off game
know if I do bad tonight that I suck at
basketball
I fucking suck at basketball that's it
