my Oh mom I know you're real smart
yeah hello is it me you're looking for I
can see it in your eyes oh okay what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka bow
on it and if you can't tell today I'm
here with my dad my mom and Brian sure
look I'm just joking they do look like
but there's actually Bosley if you guys
going to tell not Brian so today I'm
bringing you guys a who knows me best is
it going to be my dad or my mom and this
was actually highly this was actually
highly requested by you guys on Twitter
I asked you that what we know that you
guys want to see and you guys voted for
this one and I hope you guys enjoyed I
don't know who do you who do you guys
think who knows me better you or you do
you think that oh my darling I thought
that gagra me closer yeah sighs
tell them what what's the price if we
don't all I forgot to mention any guys
can't see it I hate shocking gum I first
came in why do we have to get Shawn
because Dad and not this is it phase Rob
stays well just let you do the
challenges with no punishment I don't
think like robotics on this channel you
can't do a challenge buzz really okay he
loves licking the air you can't do a
challenge without getting punished
unless if I'm in the challenge then
there's no punishment but I'm only the
host today I'm Steve Harvey today all
the hosts
but anyway so each time someone gets a
question wrong you and get shot oh let
me try it I mean can you try it I'll try
after the video in the mirror thank you
like but I have ten questions ready and
we got my dad my mom I did a video like
this was Brian and Jackie
so that was girlfriend's brother edition
this is mom or dad but before we start
this video can I just say one thing
because a lot of people have been
commenting about this windbreaker
because Brian wears it I wear it
so you guys want to know who would win
breaker is it as a matter of fact not
even my mom know they answer to them
another chance
my mom always flips is in Brian drew
yeah but it no it's not Brian this is my
Jackie got it for me as a gift but Brian
fell in love with it so he always asked
me to wear it and I always let him
borrow away cuz that's what brothers do
but then right no I know charging for I
should charge them for it though but
then you started posting pictures with
it and making videos with it so then I
started getting comments saying why do
you steal Brian's clothes why are you
wearing Brian jacket so no because my
jacket I just Brian doesn't have enough
bathing a supreme off-white right what
the hell you're stealing my night before
you have enough of your little friends
but anyways not just joking all love to
Brian first question I'm using my mom
film Keanu in short answer there
no I don't have the answers but you so
care of it how do you know my password
that's only like that doesn't mean like
okay first question
and guys this is a pretty much a race
whoever answered it first what shoe size
do I wear 12 Wow I know Wow
hold on is sart's will Oh guys you know
when I picked this one no faster the
first listen guys I have you know a 12 I
thought none of them would get when I
gave you 11 yeah so guys I may look like
a little shrimp like a filterable I
actually have big feet so how long
random and now this sweaty ladies I'm
making it work okay let's keep this
thing in your hands no you know no one
hold it run
go I'm just a hologram go go I love it
did you feel I love you I hinted well
what screaming I got shot good mom how
was it that bad I hate shopping diarrhea
what I was too scared okay so my dad has
one my mom has zero
next question out of high school I
applied to a couple colleges
universities how many did I get accepted
to one answers one the one Oh got it
right I'm I got it right and I got that
email yeah guys you know I don't know
together yeah I was thinking look so
Marcus so why are you interested treated
like this so she
there's no everything is gonna do
cheated see this is how good my dad was
in class he saw my mom raised again
something he didn't want in Iran so he
waited for her and now he lost you
snooze you lose right balsley so yeah
guys outside option so yeah guys outta
option
holy look cuz it is after highschool
accuflex the two called you one of them
I got put on the waiting list and the
other one I actually got accepted into
so my mom was right Daniel was right
whether we're going hits the Shocker dad
alma careful ugly head good I pull it
hold it hold it
anyway oh yeah man go go ah I told you
it doesn't look bad hmm guys Bosley
always gets it away
wait it was actually so scary such a
small device can bring so much pain
okay this is me when Rhonda chef Deborah
allotted smile waters last lady didn't
open his mouth got bill okay once you
once mom if you look huh okay I'll see
it in the editing cook if you have to
swear anything
in my whole entire high school and
college and middle school in my whole
life or go to school I never got an ad
ever in my life but one time I got a D
one time what subject English
nope mouth yup hey yeah yeah good you
got it same guys out of all my life my
whole school career in middle school
high school and college I never failed a
class but one time once in my life I got
one D all the other times I got AIDS
these are scenes but one time another DS
okay and then
how I know I remember what you did we
were in LA and he texts me said mom I
already put my playstation everything in
your room you punish yourself or do I
was going to do it I swear I don't know
no no no way I'm gonna punish you it
then oh wait really quick really quick
god I was so scared because you know my
mom like she may look nice but she used
to beat up like that so rough yeah you
so right when I got the D so right when
I got the deed I just said mom the
Playstations already in your room the
phone right when you get home here you
go and I'll show you i punished myself I
didn't deserve it guys I know but don't
jump on bubbles yeah look at it
okay well it's okay okay bar oh man you
can put them honestly you guys are
tricking me does it really hurt that bad
well you're gonna see that dad I swear
he's knowing is not only her titty bit
scared okay so two two one yeah my dad's
up two to one next question so my whole
life like I said on the shrimp I love
Swiss Iran I was always under five feet
tall took me so long what age or if you
don't know the age what grade was I when
I finally hit five feet tall aching nope
age of 17 nope holiday no age of 19 nope
okay or do you think I was Dean and I
remember 16 remem guys after my
sophomore year of high school I was four
foot eleven floor 11 after my sophomore
year of high school and then during that
summer I got to 5 feet finally hit 5
feet tall just think about it think
about that right now you know on average
I'm like 5 foot 9 bucks
Wow I thought I was never going to grow
I honestly thought I was going to stay
like 4 foot 11 my whole life so for
those of people who are a nice one
that's still super short pin don't worry
there's old dad this question yes
I was pulled it from the gun
you're usually actually all hold it this
time I'll have that honors today I'll do
the honor
ah oh my god
okay guys donate it's two to two right
now they're keeping it close keeping it
close this is like the Kentucky first
North Carolina game that we just watch I
want to Kentucky to Wayne just to the
Devin Booker he went there but they fell
short this question this is kind of
tough but we'll just ask anyways right
now
I plan on marrying Jackie that is not by
force because my mom I loved her my mom
loved Jackie but as of now the plan is
to marry Jackie had I never met Jackie
had Jacqueline never entered my life who
would I not marry nobody Ron dad
somebody maybe I'll take another nobody
is that's not why so somebody know she
doesn't marry Jackie we would have them
marry somebody else
you'll take him back home and have
somebody well hey I said nobody let me
see you okay okay honestly my mom
answered in first a bottle end up
marrying Jackie and this assuming Devin
Booker is already like taken I want to
marry anybody else so I'll be stepping
on saying now something the release I
gotta write you got it right okay
honestly if I set out marry someone else
I'm homeless
Slappy's yeah lady oh it's him
yeah you're holding in trouble why do I
do shop dolls it tops what honestly okay
here here how about I'll give my dad a
choice just a little really like tough
question
dad do you want to get Shanker no
definitely no okay well we'll still give
you the point but we'll give you the
point but we'll let my dad go off with
the shocking oh my god now you can tell
who does he like more no no
okay okay not at all guys no okay
God my mom loved Jackie that's why she
immediately jumped to mm nobody else
that's why I know I mean I've been with
her for a long time to know how she is
yo someone please tell me why my mom
sounded like the cast me outside how
about dad girl and that like just listen
watch I swear she sounded exactly like
her like my mom had a little ghetto in
her voice watch yo I mean I've been with
her for a long time to know how she is
if I didn't like her hell no I wasn't
going to let you to keep going with her
so you want me to marry Jackson The Sun
has to do what the mom wants anyway
Obata my god you guys are all invited to
the wedding all my subscribers because
dads think about it we charge each of
them even one by not only what I Linux
I'm 1.8 million subscribers almost and
we get out the field football that's
fine we'll get both a wedding paper and
also some extra cash so next question
right now it's three to two my mom's
wedding mom I keep seeing you seeing you
Chi before you guys finally a lot of mom
what is lovely steering yet you know he
pushed me all the way like ground not
even good income okay before you guys
finally let me buy a dog for my 18th
birthday what animal did you let me get
butter dick my dad's like butt heads
right simple three-two-three dad got it
took so long to convince my mom to let
me get a dog she pretty much let me get
every animal just to say no to a dog she
let me get fish hamster birds but before
Bosley when I beg her for a dog she said
no dog you're only allowed to get a bird
so I had a bird's name bludsoe no his
name was action Bosma the birds name was
Wadley yes but then when we finally
bought this Bosley I had to change the
bird's name to Ken kan yeah and then
bother doing it along with him so we
have to give them away I know I can't
believe I said no mom yeah what oh my
god I'm not going to spin more because I
feel badly
medigap poker
rah Roo minicamp okay it got stuck to
anything I want to go to our alternate
Alice never Chakri - nice try nothing
okay guys three - three those for sure
the words shocking one so far okay how
about this one so we have Bosley he's a
pub before Bosley we had both of who are
the pomeranian okay I don't know how
could you guys all with dog breeds but
our first dog we had her name was Gia
and she was a needle ah it was my name
is still thinking when they answered our
Durango needles video for mandingo know
her name of Chi Chi Chi yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh my god
sport all for six oh four two three four
two three yes yeah guys for those who
don't know before Bosley we had a
Pomeranian but before that one me and
bond was little little kids we had a
Fiegel a little big or her name was Gia
okay this question this question have I
ever been suspended from school yes my
mom got it first dad that's five to
three
when I said I ain't know I'll say the
reason to sum it up me and the sky were
in traps talking on Twitter and so the
trash-talking escalated to a whole other
level
so yes Liana so I told him I was gonna
you know like beat his death and he
screenshot my Twitter and send it to the
principal I still happened
really I select dollars up first and
only time I was ever in trouble with the
school because this guy started talking
 to me first
so that I thought I was going to be his
ass you kept talking to me and
instead of facing me he stopped replying
to me it's like he set me up
screenshot the messages and then showed
it to the principal saying that he felt
threatened and I was a cyber bully so
okay you wanted to you know like you
guys this is a lesson not to tweet
anything come steal my guards can be
used against yes
Mexico unfair because he started the
argument but he never threatened me when
he went and said that I was
cyberbullying him and I tried to fight
him I'm the one who got suspended just
because I made the threat but he set me
up I swear he started talking first
and then waited for me to train him then
he stopped replying in the ski shop so I
got suspended cause the only time I ever
got suspended and bada-bing bada-boom
with relies except in a room now you're
going supposed to get show you're gonna
go to spending so I got my punch me in
high school this is yours buddy Schmidt
oh my god Oh
Eleazar another one was and that's your
budget for raising a kid who got
suspended no could you do a better job
raising me up man let you guys proof
that I was set up in high school what
did I just say how tall of my high
school I was literally this little
shrimp that all the girls would come up
to and say oh you're so adorable you
know not the one that they want to you
know not the ones that they want to get
it in without the kid who you know are
you so cute and so sure and this guy
went to the principal and said that he
felt threatened by me that was fake you
just send me up he never felt great I
was really this tall and I was a little
like like I weighed like a hundred
pounds that's it first of all I don't
even know why I said I'll be - Dez but
yeah it was all set up to get me in
trouble and it worked
listen if I get up he's gonna fall balls
would easily me yeah okay got two more
questions my dad needs to get both of
these right on you've done whoo so he
needs to come in clubs you need to be
Devin Booker scored 70 points so this
question so there's only a few people
that know this on earth
Jackie knows I'm a few other girls
notice from whoa my god still things but
no not mom my mom with Rick is at your
side not that I have a birthmark like a
mole right here but I also have one more
yeah I'm sending it no I didn't finish
the question even where is my other flag
you but I
he said it no so my dad shut up further
not us it's his lower budget so it is my
ass guys I would tell you about I want
to get age-restricted but it's right
here I have a little birthmark right
here they know it because obviously when
you're a kid I'm one your firstborn I
don't think you know how to shower
yourself no mom I'll tell you right now
it's gotten bigger and bigger I don't
know what like as my ass grows the
birthmark oh yeah I don't know but
Jackie knows about it
no fool just oh whoa okay okay okay I'm
gonna scream Oh sweetie watch my son I
couldn't show my dress inflation bubbly
it's okay it's okay give me kiss Oh God
look how we do not do for a kid you make
it Bosley's no just one kiss
does that help oh that's how girls are
distant relative Oh Bosley come on do it
okay last question my dad needs to get
the properties no no that doesn't
involve obey the questions say that
question by the way there is no oil
agree oh my god
I jump we listen oh you and me
phenomenal okay last question so on a
lot of people of YouTube channels this
would be considered oh my god you're so
gross that's so freakin dirty but this
is Bravada channel it's not a robotic
video unless there's a little bit of a a
little bit of a rated-r twist so please
don't hit me
you guys already know yeah something our
moms know you guys already know I'm
sexually active we have the talk but now
comes the question what age got this
okay to tell right ankle then just put
put yourself in my position you're
asking this question to your dad and
your mom sitting right between them what
age did I lose my virginity to be long
would you say 16 death to be wrong
at least so there was a loon Oh mom I'll
let it work I thought you were like I
was born I was born till she liked you
under mm mm but honestly guys and Jackie
is the only one that I enjoyed obviously
we do enjoy being with and it not only
enjoy yeah not only that so last one dad
I'm sorry to tell you after automation
this in the beginning but this 20
askable for 3 seconds oh yeah forgot to
mention that you he lost sings you lost
4 6-4
that's exactly all happy 6 seconds a
kiss your father okay you need a hold up
already
oh no no no no okay at least one more
single one I take it one more to go you
know it's me too okay to close this
video out god I'm already ready don't
worry I have my sign under and my shorts
under tell them where I'm going mom go
into the gym 24 hours into this time
because it wants to stay longer because
guys Ellie Fitness what is wrong with
you
they close at 8:00 p.m. what kind of gym
plugs at 8:00 p.m. so I want to go to
gym just for one hour and go play and
have to leave so I'm going all the way
to 24-hour fitness to go play some of
that can I say this go ahead okay I got
are you gonna take long pieces yeah mom
I go why say I'm gonna I'm paying $25 so
life they only went out I'm gonna like
no no because I don't have a membership
to 24-hour so they charge you $25 for
one day LA Fitness is $30 for one month
so my mom said are you going to stay
long I said mom I'm paying $25 for one
day
I'm staying hours and hours a I'm
drinking all the water in me and I'm
drinking water from every single lot of
time I'm going down
sleeping there if I'm paying 25 bucks
I'm making the most of my money you got
to take this from me believe me look
elephant is you got to work on your
hours and 24 hours you got to work on
your one-day pass charges anyways thank
you guys so much for watching this video
dad I leave my dad gets to ride he send
my mom knew me better but only about one
point dollar slows one this is the devil
oh that girls in the closet ah
hopefully it broke hopefully I don't
know mom this wasn't even like a hitting
video you all hit me like three times I
was going like no because guys you know
something
imagine going up getting hit every day
my mom like yoga and you not answered
that I'm just joking guys it's a joke um
so yeah guys mom okay thank you so much
for watching this video
dad thank you for being in this video
thank you so much to my mom for being
this video and I'm surprised my dad is
still alive because he acted just as a
banana and Sprite challenge that videos
on their channel if you guys didn't get
a chance to go watching anyway I hope
you guys enjoy the rest of your Monday
so not only am i going to go play
basketball right now but what's Monday
morning Jim but not to work out
lunchtime basketball Monday morning so
I'm about to go play basketball right
now then go to sleep then wake up go
back to gym to play basketball you know
what I say
the outro then you keep stopping I know
God even my mom notice and I say thank
you so much for watching this video and
then it says anybody yeah I still talk
Bosley give me five miles and give me
five you know what that means I trained
you and your kids oh thanks just changed
my password
you know Mom we bit hey guys thanks so
much for watching this video
