I feel I like oh my god I can't help but
laugh every time I see him
J long time no see long time no see back
to you okay let me turn around okay
wait Junior did you see Devin Booker
score 70 points oh my god
yeah do you know how old he is I know
I'm older than him what a lost cause and
a disgrace to my family I am we got it
enlighten the young ones about the
future of the NBA but apparently he
already knew what happened yesterday
seventy guys I'm still not over it's
been a whole day a lot of people were
tweeting me yes sir they're like bros
celebrating is big who cares we dropped
em me no shit I would freak out about
him dropping 70 if your favorite player
dropped 70 points in the game you would
jack off and nut yourself every single
night to sleep but just because I
freaked out when Booker scored 70
oh you're riding his dick no for all you
Laker fans out there if DLO drops 70 in
a game you guys would jack off to that
for all you Celtics fans if I dare drop
17 games you guys will jack off to that
so don't act like you wouldn't freak out
just roll the record exactly most points
scored by a person up to 21 years old
yes yeah exactly
so don't act like you guys would just be
like oh who cares it's my favorite
players going 70 plus not only my
favorite player but that's my boy you
know I talked to him last night really
yeah I called it the only chocolate ever
yeah I'm making a few business oh wait
still bumping more life it's been out
for like a week but I haven't stopped
listening to it okay junior tell them
what we're about to go do we're about to
go kick some ass vegetables oh yeah guys
I finished my video early for once I
finally finished early so I told you now
like you want to go to a gym play some
basketball
so I bought a junior here too
engineer please something I bought my
basketball oh yes it's right here in
love wait tell them why you hate going
to a gym with me what do I always force
you to do when we play one-on-one oh
yeah he pushes me to the right side
every single time I Drive Junior is
left-handed so every time we play I
always force him to go right because I'm
trying to train his right hand so he
hates me for it because he loved going
left obviously but I still find a way to
go left I know I try to really force him
right I'm like junior fucking laid up
with your right hand and he still finds
a way to go left I think you got to
learn how to go with your right so you
got to learn how to go right no you have
to learn how to go right what happens
when people guard you and force you to
go right in a game then what I'll find a
way to go with Jenny oh no oh find a way
to go let's begin to you than I know
okay guys we were supposed to literally
go just for like I don't know 30 minutes
maybe an hour just to like shoot around
junior how it's been like what almost
four hours three and a half hours 1:30
di oh my gosh
so we got caught up in playing I don't
know I just love bass well I lost track
of the time
once on overly much on them I thought I
left my keys inside okay guys how much
you want to bet juniors going to forget
to put a seat the home watch that's
where he always does it yeah guys we
were just supposed to go and shoot
around like just me engineer because
usually no one plays there on Saturdays
and then out of nowhere like 10 people
showed up so I'm like are you guys
trying to run five and so we just
started playing and playing junior now
do you know why you need to learn how to
go right oh my god you put your seatbelt
on before the car even started Jay wait
that's a miracle janu you know I just
walked away from the car now we're
screwed to the camera I said how much
you want to bet Jen you're gonna forget
to put a seatbelt on
I swear okay just so I don't look like a
fool how many times I forgot to put your
TiVo on in this course
every time every single time Jenny
except in this car it just goes then on
my jr. I think it's a drink yeah he's
like oh I thought it was a song I'm like
jr. no I'm like it don't even have a
drink song I know I said no time you put
your seat on what you want to hear it
yeah I won't put my keys on purpose just
so we could hear watch sound like it
resonates on something
listen Jimmy really good for a date I'm
not gonna lie but how many times did you
get blocked by that guy to like for that
yeah but if you had a right hand that's
what I'm trying to teach him I'm trying
to teach you how to have a right hand
cuz Jimmy would be unstoppable can
remember that Shawn I got that yeah I
know dinner did do good listen me and
jr. would be good basketball players but
we're just two middle-aged
middle-eastern males with short parents
and no athleticism up middle eastearn
javac tough on the athleticism side yeah
yeah sure Corrine got lucky Corrine how
lucky us middle-aged Middle Eastern men
have no Hobbs our bones age earlier than
everyone else
but we'll make it we'll make it in life
now we need to decide where we're going
to eat and what's our specialty when we
can't pick points like a coin flip I'll
keep you guys the dreaded coin flip
cooking show law so me and junior always
take like ten different food places then
we narrow it down to two so we start
with obvious that there's that there's
that then we narrow it down to the two
food places or shorter restaurants I
don't know why he takes food places that
tastes the best and then there's the
magic cooling right here but he lost the
first one yeah the person I lost the
fish is the coin flip and that's the
last wonderful fuel is that weird idea
yesterday junior won the coin flip it
was between in and out or wings and
things I wanted wings Junior wanted in
and out so he won and we ended up
getting in and out but I freaking didn't
even eat my in and out because why when
I go home but shunkan had just started
and guess what happened obviously Devin
Booker went off for 70 points so every
time I kept trying to eat I'm like oh my
god Booker Booker so I couldn't even eat
my food and just she's giving it to me I
should have given it to you ADA you fed
us yeah well I'm not complaining your
green and output joke anyway honestly
you've lost so much weight since you got
a gym membership
oh my god Jimmy used to look like a mini
fridge like like he used to look like a
bathtub if you put him in a bathtub he
would fit the shape perfectly like a
little square like like this but now
ever since you got a gym membership he
freakin lost so much weight I checked I
weighed myself how much you weigh now
like 350 yeah now like I'll like 125 and
I'm like 113 oh my gosh God Jimmy
reminds me of myself when I first got a
gym membership I swear this used to be
my second home like people wouldn't be
able to know if I lived at home or if I
lived at the gym and now jr. just got
his gym membership so he reminds me
exactly of myself when I was younger jr.
enjoy it before the adult life hits you
you don't have time to go to gym anymore
guys you'd be surprised YouTube actually
takes up a lot of your time guys you
know what this song is called
MIDI but it'd be pretty good idea what
is it what do you put a demon evil to do
yeah I mean how else you say buddy
buddies we saw it left the gym we're
still trying to debate on which two food
places I don't say
I see Mandarin food for the money one
too many times
so take better notes ugh
I need you to go easy now picked up one
time okay now my favorite part I cannot
lose my friend
definitely not Junior god oh my god my
favorite thing to do on snapchat my new
favorite thing to do the freaking animal
I don't know what it is a lemur a
fucking meerkat kangaroo panda dog I
don't know what the fuck this animal is
but I love making snapchat so the end
singing I can come by any time stations
right look obviously I couldn't watch
the fucking game becomes locked up in a
cage at the zoo but my boy Bharata told
me that debug drop 70 points what
honestly fuckers do they charge
everybody fifty bucks per person to walk
in and they can't afford fucking TV I
want to watch the book job seventy the
zoo doesn't have cable but at least a on
Apple music and they let me download
more life beat that all other animals
honestly I love it because it actually
looks like me like the animal looks like
me what animals Virginia you know the
one on my snatch Esther is this one what
the fucking movies or is it Bosley I
don't know he's a possible Trish what's
the dog filter for for possible I
thought we said no guys I love using the
filter because I feel like it actually
looks like me
like I look like this race shout-out
rockin
that's rockin song it is way Jettas on
and it's funky Kong for a sister guys
the engineer diet and haven't put on
some more weight I got him a carne asada
fries they build your diet
yep guys if you ask why never get down I
his house anymore its cuz he has a damn
cat oh yeah and because of Jessica I'm
just joking it's cuz you have the cat
and the cat scare you saw them go down
so so thank you so she gave me two forks
so it's going to that so give me the
cock or I should say the
burrito I mean Jenny hold on film me
really quick please I didn't yeah give
you two forks for everything right yep
yep okay I got it
currently certifies that they were
jaundiced eating your son fries
you shouldn't say no this no what what
do you mean is that tomato I like tomato
or the thing I'm good
oh I think I'm looking good you're gonna
enjoy this one I'm going all your peanut
CDs on it comrade gsdd you mean oh yeah
yes it's battery guy hey Jenny I don't
have a conservative no I'm doing your
song is mom that I have week Junior get
out it's good I know I don't you know
you know I have sexual intercourse with
one woman only get so much the lp little
develop in your body so more did you get
out get out of my damn car yes guard
that waffle bed it will happen by Roger
you'll be the first person to develop
AIDS without Jenny er get out you know
listen who made kids these aids like
this you when I know when I was 14 I
used to just watch Barney and Dora and
SpongeBob and not yet 14 year old saying
Oh Brandi gotta SCD junior close my door
you know good try the other side go
check the other side
check the other side no look super nice
Jack what's so fun anyways guys thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope you enjoy the rest of your Friday
oh my god that's on the computer so just
about row thank you to my mom for
participating thank you to my dad for
helping thank you to my girlfriend who
way babe are you still alive okay so I'm
not taking any exit
ba-dum flying itself according no it's
still recording but look at it crying
through the phones about the camera I do
not your head and you drop no I did not
hit the camera did I look better enough
no it's just out of focus okay let me
try to stop it real try to focus like
what though fine that's what you get
broken camera prank no just aw did I
break your camera please give me the
phone pity I'm gonna get away from the
dodgeball massacre Brian Wow this camera
it's for sure scratch now oh my gosh
buying through the hump you brought out
the camera okay guys so thank you to my
girlfriend for helping out thank you to
my mom saying to my dad and I were gonna
take thank you Brian for being such a
good sport but he just damn near broke
my camera yeah babe it's working but
it's scratched now oh oh you see it all
like this well you know what I noticed
about myself oh yeah because the phone
cubes aren't as soft as they look yes
you know what I noticed babe every time
something happens to me I'm more calm
than what other people would be like
let's say someone dropped their camera
and the lens looks like it broke and
it's scratched they would be like oh my
god what else but for me I'm just like
well fine fuck you back let's see what
my crazy parents are up to actually I'll
let them explain so you guys wait where
did you get this far thought you guys
are going to go get this stuff right now
that was crazy guy he told me the ideas
that I read in the comments right right
and he wasn't video
they said I'm gonna do it the bananas
right okay mom no I have something to
tell you so you said oh we saw it in the
comment section everyone do the bananas
fight challenge so we're going to do it
but growing up my mom oh so just if your
friends jump off this list and you're
gonna jump off a cliff - oh if your
friends won't do drugs
I mean you're gonna do drugs - so oh if
the comment section says you the banana
is my challenge you're gonna do it no
I'm just joking God if you're wondering
I'm not recording the banana and Sprite
challenge from my channel or it's not
coming up on this video it's actually
going to go up on my mom's channel and
that's going to be up today right so
mama rug on her channel they're going to
be doing the banana sprite challenge I'm
going to finish my video right now so I
can go down and watch them do it because
that should be funny for those who don't
know banana and Sprite is supposed to
make you throw up when you eat it and
drink it together
so let me finish this video up and go
help them out with that
ah the irony appearance you know when
you're growing up and you do something
stupid and you're like but mom my
friends did it and they're like oh so if
your friends your bumfuck list you're
going to jump off a cliff - there's the
same thing mom and dad when you guys
throw up and do the banana sprite
challenge you're going to be like oh but
the comments said to do it also for
comment so you just jump off a cliff are
you going to jump off a cliff - now
engine joking Gus that's actually going
to be a really funny video I can't wait
to watch it I get to watch in a person
you guys are going to have to wait til
goes up on YouTube but be sure to check
that out anyway - closing video I just
want to say two things
lon my camera is still working fine but
honestly there's like I don't know if
you hear that with it it's like a
something on the bottom it's like crack
now and so you can't put it back in
place the whole back is scratched and
the lens has like a little not a crack
but I don't look like a dead pixel but I
know it's already there before who knows
either way Brian why Brian
what spongebob was Brian lately he kept
on pump you've done me you saw in my
outro for the prank I'll just like okay
guys I need to get away they keep doing
the foam tubes at me until boom Brian
threw one right at my camera and like I
said those phone cubes are a little
harder than they actually look so the
camera fell straight out of my hand
dragged across across floor and I'm just
like Brian why did you do that but the
good thing is at least my camera is
working it's a little scratch but
nothing too bad and now God finally on
okay before closing this video out a lot
of people may have watched this vlog and
been like oh what a boring day for
Brandon all he did was go to the gym how
boring
but let me
like I said earlier in this vlog when I
first got my gym membership and before I
started YouTube I used to go to the gym
for hours and hours and hours and hours
a day for hours people would literally
tell me bro do you live at the gym and I
would just laugh about it I loved it I
would play basketball for hours and
hours every day and then obviously a lot
of people especially those who don't
make videos and they just watch YouTube
they don't understand that YouTube
actually takes a lot of your time it
actually does take up time it takes a
lot of time to edit videos film renders
upload taking a thumbnail it's just a
long process
so obviously that cuts into a lot of
your time so ever since I started
YouTube and started taking it more
seriously and obviously now I have a
girlfriend a couple years ago when I
first got my gym membership I didn't
have a girlfriend Jackie wasn't around
so first I got a girlfriend that cut
into a little bit of my time and then I
started doing YouTube that cut into my
time even more I don't really have that
much time to go to the gym even when I
go nowadays told me for like an hour so
when I filmed this video I had finished
all my YouTube stuff really early and I
looked at the time and I'm like yo it's
early I finally finished the video very
very early so you know when some people
see that and they're like oh I'll finish
the video early they look at oh what can
I do I can go to the beach I can go to
the mall I can go hang out with friends
you know you could do a bunch of little
things what I thought of I'm like yo
this is my chance I can go to the gym
and stay how long I used to stay so I
went there and I stayed for like four
four and a half hours and it just felt
like it felt like the old days when I
had nothing to do except two part-time
jobs and if I'm being honest with you
guys I used to work two jobs and I still
had way more time to go to the gym than
doing YouTube YouTube actually does take
a lot of time so it just felt great it
felt really really good to be at the gym
for that longer it reminded me of the
olden days what I didn't have that much
stuff to do when I wasn't that much of
an adult and now it's all different my
point is when people have a lot of free
time the first thing they do is oh what
can I do that's fun what can I do that I
can go hang out friends and stuff for me
let me go to the gym to go play hours of
basketball it just felt really good so a
lot of people might've thought this was
a boring day for me but honestly I loved
it there's nothing else I would rather
do anyways thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope I can have
more games like this in the future where
I could finish my
do really early so I can go to the gym
for a long time like I used to because I
do miss those days I'm not going to lie
not only did I used to list where I
don't list anymore because I don't have
enough time I used to play way more
basketball and just I have a lot of
friends I go to the gym a lot of people
I went to high school with a lot of
people I met at the gym I got really
close to them like this I started seeing
them as really close friends and then
when I started doing YouTube I kind of
faded away from them and so I caught up
with a lot of them yesterday when I went
for four hours so I I loved catching up
with old friends so hopefully in the
future I can have more days where I
finished my video early and I'm able to
go to gym for that long because honestly
I don't really hang out with friends
anymore I don't really go out I don't
really I don't really do things with my
friends I'm I'm 21 but I'm not about
that whole you know oh let's go to clubs
let's go do this
so the gym is pretty much where I see
all my friends so anyway guys I'm
talking way too much thank you so much
for watching this video and I really do
hope you guys enjoyed and I hope you
enjoyed the rest of your Sunday until
tomorrow when I post a new video shout
out to you guys for watching this peace
out guys sorry I should be more specific
daily uploading takes a long time if
you're doing YouTube but you're just
uploading like once a week or a couple
times a month that's not too bad but
daily uploading takes a lot of time
