well it's Booker knocks down the free
throw he has 50 50 points please not
this free throw down book just an one so
book about 49 this is for fifty fifty
point game for the 20 year-old Devin
Booker well Booker has fifty nine point
this is for sixty so yeah I call about
sixty one sixty fucking war Brian
fucking 61 well Booker just dropped
sixty one point what the twenty years
old how do you do this no way will you
tell me they counted this shot is going
on right Brian look at this shit guys
look at this watch please no I ran out
of my snapchat but I went in for 65 oh
my goodness 65 points I love you not you
now you that's 67 Booker's going for 68
points this is crazy for 68 and 16 well
Booker going for 70 take it for 70 yes
you need to make these two free-throws
shout out Jae Crowder for the dumbass
foul oh my god she has 69 this one for
seventy four seventy yeah 70 oh my god
this kids crazy 70 points Brian 70 Brian
but what what he really did that he
really did that oh my god not 10 not 20
not 30 not 40 50 60 but 70 points oh my
god whoa he really did that I can't I
don't know what to say I really just
don't know what to say so uh as you guys
may have heard because it was trending
obviously all over Twitter and for once
for once the subject on ESPN
it took one of our boys to drop 70
points for ESPN to finally talk about
the Phoenix Suns but anyways so that's
my point a lot of people might have
heard about this because it was pretty
much everywhere you look people were
talking about it Devin Booker my god 70
points in a single game only five other
players in NBA history had done that
before five other players and you guys
might know one of them because um he's
pretty good at basketball his name is
kobe beans bryant okay Devin Booker
became the sixth player in NBA history
just think about how long the NBA has
been a thing six player in NBA history
to drop at least 70 points in one game
the difference is though those guys did
it in the prime of their careers those
guys did it after being in the league
for years and years and years and you
know knowing how everybody plays and
adjusting to the NBA life Devin Booker
did this shit in his second season he's
20 years old 20 I'm 21 I'm older than
Devin Booker Devin Booker is my
brother's age for all of you guys that
know fade Road Devin Booker is his 8
there one month apart and he went out
there he hasn't even played two full
seasons in the NBA nine and two full
seasons this is that this is his second
season
and he dropped 70 on the road against
one of the best teams in the NBA yes
Boston Celtics fans you got our second
place in the East you've got one of the
best teams in the NBA so Devin Booker
did not do this against some sorry-ass
team he didn't do it against some shitty
lottery team which would have been crazy
enough even if you dropped 70 on a
shitty team that's crazy enough but he
did this on one of the best teams in the
league and one of the best defensive
teams in the league Wow
I know what can you say
so I mean 20 years old this kid couldn't
even go out after the game and legally
buy a drink because he's not old enough
that's how young he is and he dropped 70
points in a single game a lot of people
were asked me to upload a video
yesterday on it after the game I
couldn't I was speechless even right now
it's hard for me to come up with words
to talk about look there's nothing in
front of me there's out there's no
laptop there's no papers no nothing I'm
speaking about this from just I'm just
speaking I'm speaking out of my mouth I
don't I'm still speechless
okay so Wow on the road not even at home
and just listen guys I never ever find
the right word and there's no way this
is real
there's any other right girl talking on
say that 70 point he shot over 50% from
the field he grabbed eight rebounds he
didn't ball either he had six or six he
was passing the ball around - he shot 24
for 26 from the free-throw line he only
missed two free throws guess how many
points he had a half time he didn't even
have 20 points at the half he had 19
points at halftime and then he scored 61
points in the second half
look there was some people hating on D
book last night after the game you guys
sounds so stupid
okay let me just say that let's say
Booker scores 20 and you hate on him
fine
let's say he scored 30 and you hate on
him that's stupid but whatever fine but
the kid scored 70 points this has only
been done a couple of times before in
NBA history and people were hating on
him let me see what can you hate on his
board
oh he shot it efficiently no he didn't
he shot almost 65% from the field
he scored 70 points and shot over 50%
from the field that doesn't happen too
often oh he bought he didn't pass false
wrong and nope he did not as a matter of
fact he had six assists for a shooting
guard not he's not in a playground and
he dished out six assists that's
actually above this season average so in
a game where he scored 70 points he
surpassed the season average and passed
in a fist he was passing the ball around
six assists in a seven point game
all he wasn't playing defense wrong he
had three steals - that also passed the
season average it was a good game
oh and then you could look at oh but he
lost the game well yes the Boston
Celtics are a much better team than the
Phoenix Suns
there's a reason Boston is second in the
east
and the sons are second-to-last in the
West yeah he lost the game
Boston is a better team a note I'm doubt
anybody picked the Phoenix Suns who have
lost six in a row now seven but who had
lost six in a row to walk into Boston
and win that game I doubt anybody picked
them to win net mind you the Phoenix
Suns are tanking they are losing on
purpose
there's a reason Eric Bledsoe and Tyson
Chandler do not even play they're the
reason they're resting because the Suns
want to lose they're trying to get a
higher pick so yes the Phoenix Suns lost
the game because they played a much
better team Boston is a better team than
the Suns for those who don't know that
but at the end of the day let's say
Devin Booker has lost the game because
yeah the Phoenix Suns lost in two years
in five years in ten years tomorrow what
are people going to remember more the
Boston Celtics won some regular-season
games or Devin Booker scored 70 points
so yeah he lost the game but which is
more memorable what are people talking
about more that the Celtics won a
regular-season game or that Booker
dropped 70 points if you're hating on
that game by Devin Booker you just sound
so fucking stupid and you can't even
make a case for that you can't make a
case that he bought because he passed a
season average in assists you can't make
the case that he shot and efficiently
because he shot over 50%
he played deeds the Phoenix Suns lost
because our team is not good that's no
surprise there's a reason we are where
we are on the sim because we suck
honestly to get more into Devin Booker's
game no player under the age of 21 has
ever scored more than 56 points in a
game ever LeBron James scored 66 one
time when he was under the age of 21 and
that was a record that I was never
supposed to be broken never a kid under
21 years old that's going to score more
than 56 points in a game yeah right
that's I would have bet money that that
would never ever happen even if I
thought Booker would score over 56
points in a game I would think he would
do that in the prime of his career when
he's twenty five twenty six twenty and
not only did he beat that record not
only score 57 or 58 and he barely
beat it he trumped it he scored 70 and
just I mean obviously I'm not saying
he's a better player than LeBron James
I'm not saying a better player than
Michael Jordan I'm not saying he's a
better player than Carmelo or any of
those guys because he's not right now
Devin Booker is not better than LeBron
James he's obviously not better than
Michael Jordan I'm not saying that but
Devin Booker at the age of 20 has a
higher career higher than Michael Jordan
has a higher career high on LeBron James
they just I don't know it it's crazy to
think what this guy is going to be when
he turns 24 when he turns 25 because for
all you people that don't really watch
basketball I don't keep up with
basketball that much let me fill you in
players don't get their best years until
they hit that age of you know 24 25 26
Devin Booker 22 0 20 he still has years
and years and years of learning and you
know he's just you know not even
supposed to be good and he's doing didja
age 20 I'm honestly I'm sorry but you
can't make a prediction on how good this
kid is going to be you can't if he is
doing this at age 20 what will he be
doing in the prime of his career I don't
know I really don't it really is when
people say the sky's the limit that's
what it is 70 do you know how hard that
is to do Kobe Bryant who is a great
player he's a phenomenal player
phenomenal winner superb work ethic one
of the best players to ever play the
game he only passed seventy one time
Michael Jordan the real goal the
greatest to ever step foot on a
basketball court he never even asked
whether I love you love you I love you
70 point I know I did all of you Brydon
believe me I said Brian I swear I didn't
believe him at all and on downstairs i
said 'i'm going 460 about the Chism I
said he's always right 60 no way you
have ended very home here in this room I
wasn't even home when he came but what
was he doing like just like putting up
freeze and they were all going in even
that looking
yeah they ain't County should add 73
what the people are saying oh but it's a
lot what the Reich who can't fuck right
you know what I did when he rolled
course 74 look here how about how about
this so the game's over right what are
people talking about the Celtics won a
regular-season game or Devin Booker
scored 70 I mean the whole internet
exploded athlete and people are saying
Oh still to CL okay for it's also Suns
are trying to leave okay example and the
Celtics are the better team then I don't
always like that Paul Brady but I'm just
saying I'm saying the obvious like I
can't leave people said like oh we still
lost at 70 points for a 20 year and
nobody has ever done that no one the
high 20-year low brought up 21 and you
scored 56 and that was the record and I
thought I would never be broken and this
is the most since Oh sick yeah well
bulking over 10 years is not great the
guy doesn't come in here dental burgers
ago I'm actually reduce guys and you
know it's funny Devin Booker tweeted a
couple years ago he tweeted he said
we'll Kobe Bryant eighty one point game
ever be touched and he said no he didn't
think anybody could ever come near 81
plunked and here he was 11 points away
that's just insane
so I don't know what more there is to
say for someone who's 20 years old he
has gotten hyped up by LeBron James
LeBron said last year he said if I had
to pick one player who I think is going
to be you know the next star of this
league he could have picked Carly up any
towns he could have picked porzingis he
could have picked Yannick content and
kupo
he said devin booker and me i'm not
gonna lie i'm a son saying I'm a Devin
Booker Han but I was like really LeBron
out of everybody in the league there's
almost 500 players and you pick Devin
Booker
that's crazy now I know what he was
talking about I guess LeBron knows more
about father than me
Kobe Bryant exactly one year ago exactly
one year ago yesterday was the one-year
anniversary with where Kobe Bryant took
off his shoes signed them and wrote be
legendary and gave his shoes to Devin
Booker one year from that day exactly
one year later Devin Booker dropped 70
Kobe Bryant himself went on Twitter
after and tweeted Bochum
seventy do Wayne Wayne last year he took
a picture with justice Winslow who is
his very own teammate and he took a
picture with Devin Booker and he said
Devin Booker was his favorite rookie out
of that draft class and I'm sitting
there thinking both Devin Booker is
twenty years old he's always played a
couple games in this week oh no actually
at the time when Booker was getting all
the time he was only 19 so so book I was
19 he was getting all the types from NBA
legends Dwayne Wade Kobe Bryant LeBron
James I wondered to myself I'm like 19
years old how is he going to react if
you're going to let the pressure get to
him and you know kind of like be like oh
shit I'm getting this much shock from
all these big names you know and just
nervous and let the pressure crack him
down and just his career burst or was he
gonna say you know what I'm that good
I'm 19 years old and all these big name
players are talking to me they're
talking about me and he's going to
elevate his game to the next level I
didn't know what was going to happen
because when you're 19 years old your
brain isn't even fully developed you're
a little kid 19 years old is a kid and
look what he did look what he did he
could have easily easily let that
pressure get to him he could have easily
been like oh shit LeBron Kobe this is
salt this is two months I can't do it
but no he is built different Devin
Booker is built differently so many
players were tweeting to him last night
so many they were in shock like Brian
said this hasn't been done in almost 12
years and even when it was done a long
time ago it was done by players in the
middle of their career it was done by
players in their prime this was done by
a 20 year old he just finished being a
teenager not even a year ago not even a
year ago he was a teen egg honestly and
look at look you know what I just said I
said Devin Booker is built differently
look at what I mean
someone scored 70 points right and he's
getting interviewed after a game he
would be all smiles and yeah I scored 70
yes you know that was cool you know a
Booker says book
got interviewed they asked about this 70
point game you know what he said he said
I'll just trying to win I I kept looking
at the score we cut it to ten we
couldn't get over the hump and the
reporters looked at him like you just
fuckin scored 70 points hello and he
just thought I was trying to win the
game he didn't say anything about his
point Oh jaylen Braun Boston Celtics
rookie he went up to Booker after the
game and he congratulated him and you
know what Booker told him Booker said
why are you congratulating me you're the
one on a winning team like like this kid
is different
imagine if anyone else any other like
you know rookie or setting your player
dropped said to me they would be going
crazy and Booker is sitting there and
all he cared about was that he lost the
game that's the mentality that makes you
great that's the mentality that makes
you think Devin Booker is different he
is not all with just one of those other
decent players one of those good players
he's different as if his performance
doesn't tell you that he's different
why don't you look at his mindset the
way he thinks about the game a couple
weeks ago the Phoenix Suns lost the game
to the Sacramento Kings
you know what Booker did instead of
going home after that loss he went back
to the Phoenix Suns practice facility
and he practiced on his own after the
game late night this is a tanking team
the Suns are losing on purpose they're
trying to get a higher pick and Booker's
still trying to win and he gets pissed
about losing what he told me when he
came here he's sitting right here I said
you know what moved you think the Suns
gotta make you know I know you're a good
player but you need some help
he said honestly I'm just trying to win
he said I just want to win he said he
loved winning that's what he told me I
talked to him last night
I said book please tell me what you ate
down low because I'm trying to drop 70
in my league game he was just laughing
but that was just insane so look you
could you can sit here and be like oh
you Brandon is a son stand obviously you
could be saying all this look at him
wearing is Phoenix Suns Jersey with his
Phoenix Suns painted walls but let me
tell you this I give props where props
is due karl-anthony towns
one of the best players from that draft
class matter of fact he's probably
better than Devin Booker
honestly Colin I think I was probably
better than Devin Booker Myles Turner
super good future porzingis he's going
to be one of the best players in the
league one day even deal of the end zone
Russell he has a bright future too so
when I'm getting talked to Devin Booker
it's because I see something I'm not
being biased
I get prompts a process dude Devin
Booker is going to be special he's going
to be one of a kind and there's no limit
to what he could be a lot of players
have NBA comparisons oh that guy reminds
me of this guy that guy reminds me of
you know a younger Dwyane Wade Booker
has no comparison he's going to be his
own player he's going to be someone that
other players compare themselves to and
it's just crazy that the Suns took in
13th in the dress he wasn't the number
one take you want to talk to me he
wasn't tall father he wasn't even talked
it's insane 70 that's crazy
look one Devin Booker started the fourth
quarter look let me tell you look look
let me tell you something a little funny
when Devin Booker started the fourth
quarter he has 42 points and you know
I'm watching the game that was his
career-high because his career-high
before that was 39 so when he has 42 he
already broke his career-high and there
were people tweeting me they were saying
they're like oMG Booker has 42 do you
think he could get to 50 I think book is
going to score 50 tonight and let me
tell you guys no one's gonna believe me
but I tweeted it I was thinking to
myself Booker has 42 okay if he drops 50
that would be crazy
but i sat there and i thought about it i
told myself i said booker has scored
over 20 points in the quarter before I
said Booker has scored twenty eight and
a quarter one time before
Booker could get to 60 or 70 that's what
I told myself I didn't tweet it because
I thought it would sound ridiculous but
when people were telling me oh my God
look his eight points away from 50 do
you think he's going to get it in my
head on my fist
I've watched every single game of this
kids Phoenix Suns career I've seen him
score twenty and a quarter
I've seen him score twenty eight and a
quarter so I said fuck you I don't care
what people think I'm gonna tweet it
so I suite it I said Booker 160 and he
gets what he wants look for those that
don't believe me Booker wants 60 and he
gets what he wants so I tweeted that and
you know some people were calling me
crazy
keep funky got to sanity 70 I had I
called him outside
I was like both what and he was just
laughing it was like oh my god I was
like bro I know I don't know what to say
and it was just he's a winner he's a
definition of hard work pays off he's in
the gym before the team has to practice
he also stayed in the gym after the
practice is over he's the first one on
the court oh well I'm I don't know what
to say if I keep talking about this it's
just going to be repeated words because
I don't know what to say so to end this
video I declare March 24th from now on
it's nationals Devon Armani Booker Day
there's no school no work no nothing
from March to every March 24th for the
rest of our lives
no school no work we're just going to
play that game from yesterday by the way
I watched at you like three times I had
a recording i watch it like three times
over and over Devin Booker is something
special
for those who think I'm just saying it
because I'm a son fan that's false
I get props where props is due like I
said karl-anthony towns DeAngelo Russell
porzingis you know all them they got
really really bright futures but Devin
Booker
he's just been built differently I don't
know if it's the way he thinks about the
game or his work ethic but if you just
watch the games you could see the way he
plays is something special but then if
you crack it more down and you look at
how he's always in the gym
and the way he thinks about the games it
just tells you yo I better keep an eye
on this kid because he's something
special so he's broken a bunch of LeBron
James records he's broken a bunch of
Kobe Bryant's records he's even broken
some of Michael Jordan's records he's
only twenty years old and I was crazy
last night I witnessed history with my
own eyes on TV we win this history
everybody who watched the game when its
history Devin Booker was at the Garden
having people chant his name
these are Celtics fans Celtics take
pride in their team they love their team
and even they were cheering Booker on
when Booker scored 70 the whole garden
erupted a 20 year old has the power to
have everybody in the opposing arena
cheer for him I'm willing to bet ten
million dollars that we will never ever
see a 20 year old kid drop 70 points in
the game ever again this this is just
some type of stuff that just doesn't
happen regularly we witnessed history I
wish I had on record like my full
reaction not just my snapchat story but
I had left my chip my memory card I left
it in my laptop and my laptop was at my
cousin's house because my Wi-Fi wasn't
working so I went to my cousin's house
to upload yesterday's video I forgot it
there so when I came home I was trying
to record my reaction and it kept saying
no memory card and I'm like shit so I
just decided to do with my snapchat I
could I use Braun's memory card but it
was in the heat of the moment I couldn't
think I was watching Booker my snapchat
started with he's at 49 he's going to
get to 50 then I went to 60 then I went
to 70 and I was just going wild it was
one of the craziest things I've ever
seen
and I watched Kobe's 81 point game
that's that Kobe's 81 point game
probably is the craziest thing I've ever
watched but this 70 point game to mean
it's crazier only because I'm a
something I've launched every game that
Devin Booker has played so to me just
watching the growth I've seen him score
like 4 or 5 points in the game and have
a really bad game all the way to see him
score 70 in a game is insane I don't
know what to say by the way you heard me
mention a lot of Cobra
I am Michael Jordan LeBron James in this
video I am in no way saying that right
now at 20 years old Devin Booker is
better than any of those three plays
he's not I am on record saying he is not
better than Kobe he's not better than
LeBron James and he is not better than
Michael Jordan
so before anyone says stop comparing him
to MJ talk to me Angela brown or Kobe's
that is not what I'm doing I'm simply
stating facts that he has surpassed
those boys in certain records and that
in his prime in the future who knows how
good he will be anyways thank you guys
so much for watching this video I
apologize I couldn't get the reaction
like full on camera and said you just
got my snapchat story but Wow one of the
craziest performances I've ever watched
on the road at age 20 I can't believe
this guy's my homie
I can't believe right now I could call
him and talk to him I can't believe he's
been to my house it's just crazy
I don't know so um thank you guys so
much for watching this video and let me
know what you guys think about this 70
point game by the way my phone after
Booker drop 70 was blowing up because of
you guys it's like I dropped 70 myself I
love how whenever something happens the
Phoenix Suns you guys automatically
think about me I mean I don't know why
what it has you know not that I'm a big
Sun Center anything but a knowledge OBO
just crazy
the second Booker hit 70 points my phone
was blowing up it was like like imagine
I want to go play my league game and I
scored 70 I wouldn't even get this much
love that's how much I love the Phoenix
Suns that's how much you guys know it so
thank you guys for that and thank you so
much for watching this video for loss
squad
