okay guys so I actually just got to the
mall if you're wondering no I had no
plans on going to the mall but I was so
happy that I was driving my car that I
just didn't want to go home
but all he had work so I hit up one of
my other boys Justin and he's meeting me
at the mall right now so that's how
happy I was that I was finally driving
my car I was like I don't even want to
drive home oh I just want to keep
driving so we ended up at the mall okay
guys first of all he also suggested so
he's gotta clock into work look what he
wished to work well I would wear that
she stores all the time so we're looking
at backpacks right now I might buy a
backpack I'm gonna see their backpack or
a purse but I'm probably not going to
buy a prairie so yeah this one station
first function but Justin found a better
one look at this one I like more yeah
this one is just like you're really
trying to like flakes then you would go
with this one and they got the shoes
right next to it to tempt you to I told
Justin I'm like I can't wear it Louise D
backpack with some Nike fucking Hermes
or even worse Nike sandals you gotta buy
it as a pair yeah you gotta buy a
package exactly bro they put you there
for people like you to tempt me now
we're going to ask them how much it is
and see what's up really quick hello I
am dressed nice on your friend okay guys
let me try it on
I think there's a little upgrade over my
dance floor that means to walk in high
school but a janitor honestly lives on
whether you can't forget about the dance
boys they were always dance for me I
don't know how should I go with you
it looks good it's a good size but just
it doesn't stick I told them I want to
go at Louise because I always go bro I'm
doubt let's go let's go so first one
down option 1 this is awesome dude oh no
but I could see myself wearing this of
Nike sandals that smell toast or the
plain white seed all know go honestly
are you gonna get the shoes if you get
that backpack just wants me to go here
okay this is for money like I love you
wants to go the shoes was safe yeah you
gotta get these handles also all the
Jesus Christ will return twelve what if
you don't
yeah those are not careful oh let's see
that backpack
I'm going to be like what the hell did
you just just take long so I can't just
hop look at just in the mirror what is
justin has the backpack on to grow we
don't know a lot on that guy
yeah this one's nice huh we'll see you
guys we're still deciding figure out a
little bit of upgrade not honestly this
one's nice bro this is legendary from LA
Fitness that's is true bro every time I
walk into the gym because Justin likes
to live so he's always in the weight
room but when I walk into the gym and
see that bag on the floor I know just as
there that's my clue when I walk into
the course and I see the red backpack
I'm like okay just as here let me find
him
I know I'm good thank you okay guys so
it's been so long and we still can't
decide we started sending snapchats to
all of my boys we're trying to get them
to decide I don't know honestly I'm
gonna just drop both of these two and
walk out with this one but let's go
let's go just there's got to be late too
now guys I really can't pick they're
both really nice though can't go wrong
with either honestly music so which one
do you think out of these two just
random question after which one is
better is how you like this team you
don't ask for how much the difference is
what you want
okay guys we're facetiming all these to
get the answer Ali's okay guys first of
all Ali what time do you work I work at
uh but Ali literally just got out of the
shower right now yeah you're on camera
both do that shoutout
oh well let's see Ali I'm gonna leave
that for you to decide okay Ali so don't
tell them the prices leave the prices
out or this is option number one uh
Holly up option one option two is right
there option two is right here and show
them option three option sorry option
three
hey comes with a comes with a water
bottle and a pack lunch oh you didn't
tell me that it comes to water yeah
which one I'll leave the one on the
right it's more like don't want it oh
yeah that's right Oh Justin it's more
basic it's more generic or the one I
guess what I call yeah and what about
the one on the left what do you say
about that yeah like no one really had
one like that huh you want me to go to
the left yo guys shout out the Zach you
gotta take the tape for the vlog shout
out everyone from Oklahoma Oklahoma he
ran all the way over here he saw my
snapchat at the louisv store ran over
here I wrote thanks for coming
oh I don't know okay easy all right guys
Yoga so I'm bothered by the backpack and
a really nice worker just said that
she's gonna bring us some champagne
about a pasta champ a first so have you
figured out what you're doing after
she's beyond the backpack oh it
certainly wasn't champagne now guys I
think they probably just tripped me on
so they're so happy that they're all
going to celebrate and pop champagne oh
you wanted on the party well I don't
know I honestly don't know if she's
being serious or not but she says she's
gotta go get some champagne I love Louis
Vuitton well yo so they were alive she
really brought us two glasses of
champagne
they may take her ID no this is this is
so funny it's like right when she walked
the price tag of the backpack she's like
oh you want some champagne
you're back yeah we got a toast for the
Luigi backpack oh this apple cider no
it's not not by the face I made is not a
prophetic how did you yes tell them say
what's up to the vlog - hey what's up
the vlog well what's your name Landry
nice to meet you show your face while
you're in the vlog nice to meet you both
okay guys so actually such big bands
that they traditional sunscreen because
of me so I just want to give my sincere
apologies sorry I'm sorry I wish we were
better the game
Yoshi got messy wonderful yes boys a
little bit bulkier
Oh was I the reason you played
basketball for the first time she could
alive for the blog gonna live for the
block now Jojo Oh her mom said she
played basketball for the first time and
she was all smiles the whole time that's
how I am we got something in common
oh you guys lost the championship yeah
oh I wish we made it to the
championships you can talk to him he
loses a lot at the gym so you guys have
that in common
Namjoo no you do minimal water oh just a
funny clip for the blog he lost the game
at the gym so he took a water ball
smashed across the lawn all the water
spilled everywhere yeah I mean I can
yeah he looks really oh yeah I know he
walked over and got the napkins and
wiped it right a stricken with all over
the court
yeah don't let the looks fool you he
looks so nice but basketball yeah yeah
guys to everybody that I meet and they
tell me that I turned them into a sun
sand the first thing I do is apologize I
put them through the stress of watching
all the Sun games now but that water
little story that's true it actually
happened just last week he lost so he
walked over he was smiling so I didn't
know you know when the crazy girls smile
and they mad that's what he looked like
he picked the water look nice it across
the wall splashed everywhere all over
the
Court and then walked over to napkins
came over and cleaned it all up I think
it almost in Jordan oh yeah it went all
over his brothers here 20 minutes almost
20 minutes ladies 20 minutes late for a
fucking glass of champagne but do they
breast flies when you clock in okay guys
so Justin's at work right now he clocked
in 20 minutes late cause he was trying
to get another glass of champagne but
she wouldn't give it yeah I think i'ma
let him be right now oh that's great
both say bye to a blog Justin yeah I
know we need to go hear more life guys
I'm telling you they first sure ripped
me off for this Louboutin backpack why
else would they bring us champagne think
about it why else would they bring us
two glasses of champagne to celebrate a
backpack I didn't say how much it would
owe in show up both it was actually like
over a thousand shut up clear the way
since you're like hey guard so I
actually ended up just getting a purse I
wanted the backpack but I think the
pursuiting me better don't you think
yes understand hey watch work it a lot
of people work now tracking things to
get the backpack the honors please now
judge open this is my bomb she wants to
see the backpack that I bought for her
oh yeah Oh Brian well you know I'm still
scared there's something in there no I
really bought a backpack here we go see
you buying a backpack I know widget ton
and I got to know I I never really like
to spend money but today I was like I
don't really spend too much on myself
even though watch out Duane was the
watch Jack you got me thinking this is a
prank on me so I'm not gonna get near
that you asked me to open it I'm not
gonna open that
what so to live in a pretty castle every
single thing we do automatically turns
to oh I think there's a prank mom I know
it sounds weird I mean or anytime you
know I bought if you want yeah you guys
using this listen okay Altima boy if
there's anything in it I sort of scare
me I'm going to get very mad good wait
till she watches the ball tomorrow you
see me in the store and they pop
champagne
it's pop champagne for the item fought
for me I know I also don't know why God
knows how much you pay for that deposit
campaign also ever see if you want to
know how much I wasn't going to tell you
about honest we have there's really a
bag there something wrong
right can you record I wanna show my mom
over see okay guys so I'm not going to
say how much it was because people are
going to automatically think about
bragging about it or they're going to
think I'm trying to show off which I'm
not trying to do I'm a daily vlogger so
my job as a daily blogger is to show
what I do in my life and what I did
today my life was I went out to the mall
I bought a backpack so people are still
going to say oh you're bragging you're
showing off which is not I'm trying to
do so I'm going to show my mom the price
I'm sure you guys are going to figure
out how much it was anyways because you
guys find everything out but just so it
doesn't sound like bragging or showing
off it's not going to come out of my
mouth but I will show my mom 50 her
reacted because she doesn't believe that
our body okay it seems fine print does
it say is this different from Manila I
wish it said it was just a prank on my
bank account
no no really no it's a one-time thing
once I'm safe no it's real I know I know
I know
really hey I hope I know Mom no no no no
leads to my buzz let me say I mean feels
like the camera yeah okay mom if you
freaking what god I never forgot a hot
girl waiting friends to say just a
friend but he's not saying this I see me
tomorrow so honestly seriously you do
deserve it that lap the reason why I was
cries and acting like this because I
don't see Brandon doing this I can't see
my other ones and yeah what the hell and
but for Brandon to spend this much but
well deserved really she's speaking out
of anger
wait until the camera turns on seriously
you deserve this congratulations you're
so hard for it and why not sleeve
yourself once in a while that's how you
doing it no no no okay and shout-out to
LV where's LV live in me well I didn't
show you the bags let me show it to you
oh you know you know how much you're so
like thinking about the parts of the
human Alison treated a minute Dan but
see you man oh no show luck no way I
already see it that's all my god damn
that is so nice
what oh damn way no that's so nice I
love that imagine to fake Louis Vuitton
d'you ordered online for 20 bucks let's
work it together yeah that is a big bag
so what about ready to the gym I like it
guys that's like for when you travel for
your shoes you're like yeah that's like
my little issue a surprise because I
never really been too much on myself but
every once in a while
you deserve to treat yourself yeah
exactly and this is it this is a good
friend is occupied treat yourself every
day yeah I haven't treated myself in a
long time like two days okay mama oh
yeah
imagine Bosley I wanted it give me five
give me five
yeah we used to go to tell you what not
this nice I like it it's a nice a lot I
like I love his skin I like it
it's a nice thing I just went to the
mall I wasn't saying I'm buying this I
just want to hang out with my boy and I
was like honestly I never really find
things for myself so this was what I
wanted and great purchase
thank you brother after I found out he
bought it for me I can't believe it oh
it's for you
sorry I forgot it was for you mom
I love it oh no it's for Bosley look mom
mom mom he's gonna pee on it
he Bosley will really pee on it well
just like okay sauna you have the purse
brandon has the backpack where's mine I
really really love it it's going to look
so cute on my okay thank you mom god I
honestly think guys I really don't know
where the hell I'm gonna wear it like I
really don't there's a lot of places
just wear it and walk on this piece so
people can mug me
okay Bosley if you want one give me five
note one more give me five
and we said one good liar yeah once in a
while kind of no guys my mom once you
saw I said it was really nice thanks mom
yeah guys I'm not gonna lie it was a
little pricey but like my mom can and my
crying lizard lifestyle everyone know
what I don't spend that much money on
why I'm second and this is from Brian
Stann yeah yeah well ago six every once
in a while and so on and then in between
spending on yourself you're also buying
gifts for other people are saving your
money stop that I saw Daniel a lot was a
Burberry but yeah I only said that to
spend on yourself like my mom said I
just working working work on my video
then just go to the gym I really spend
along so not so adjusting the devil lost
Jordan's brother right when I was like
I'm like you want to go to lb with me
yeah let's go bro you're gonna buy
something was good one man oh and asking
about Jackie because she hasn't been in
my videos the past two or three days
well for those wondering first of all
she appreciates it very much she tweeted
actually yesterday that she misses all
you guys but she's in really really
backed up with homework she's been stuck
at home trying to finish up a bunch of
homework because she doing a lot of
online classes she's over right now she
actually felt when she was sleeping in
my room you see she's awake but she does
miss you guys she just been really
backed up with homework watch she gets
so mad when I call her Jackie good Brian
getting to work I know that's what it
looked like Brian the Builder can we fix
it I'll build it really but yeah guys
Brian said he built that couch orange
and purple for me and I told him I'm
literally going to jack off on it so
beautiful Phoenix
but watch out Matt jack is going to kick
get when I call her Jackie instead of
babe watch well god she was asleep so
let me check hey Jackie
see you guys she said it what did you
just call me do you miss them okay you
can go back to sleep
okay there's the end of the video
actually so I'm going to come in bed
okay I'll close out the vlog when you
close it out so the sooner you close it
the faster I can come in the bed no I
want you to close it because I have to
give Jackie a kiss
you know haha come back isn't that your
name is your legal name or clauses are
okay hold on I'll do it but can I just
ask you a question so if I go back and
look at your birth documents does your
name st. babe okay so Jacqueline okay
guys we have to go kit gives Jacqueline
a kiss to close this video out and
Jacqueline has been backed up with
homework so hey Jacqueline do we I mean
to my show you three are doing the
cookie footpace no okay
okay fine now you made kids like them
okay guys I just gave Jacqueline a kiss
she does miss you guys or at least
that's what I think do you mix them okay
fine you close the video album the
longer we take longer this video becomes
okay now say bye guys
hi guys I hope you enjoy I hope you
melena that bye guys hope you enjoy this
video well I don't know you
this is your outro that's okay I'm not
um I'll show you I'm not um I'll show
you I'm not um I'll treat you okay but
say and that's it from the round head of
youtuber that's you nice yeah guys look
her look how round her head is today I
know
okay I'm going okay guys one last time
before I close this video because I know
a lot of people are going to think oh
he's trying to brag or he's trying to
show off is good just because I bought
the backpack I just want to say that is
absolutely not what I'm trying to do I
know a million and one other people on
this planet heck I know
five million other people on this planet
who would buy that bag and you know talk
about the prize and say how much the
price was and put the products in the
title of the video I know a lot of
people would do that but for my side of
it you know I didn't come out with the
product I didn't try to flash it off I
simply just I was vlogging I had no
plans of buying the bag I went to the
mall and I decided to buy it and my job
as a daily vlogger like I said earlier
this is my job I have recorded my days
and I record what I do and it just so
happened that today I bought a Louis
Vuitton backpack like I said dance a the
prize they didn't try to splash it off
in front of everybody so I don't even
know where I'm going to wear it honestly
and I just wanted to make this video
recording my mom's reaction so if you
guys think that I made this video to
brag about it or show off my good or
anything like that I do apologize I
really do
because that was not the reason I made
this video that was not the way I tried
to come off and I hope you guys
understand that that was not what I was
trying to do anyways what's today Monday
I'm supposed to get a haircut today but
my barber actually just got back from
Vegas and its day off so I didn't want
to bother him so I gotta get one
tomorrow but man this is dirty
this is dirty I just got back from the
gym and I was actually really excited I
was looking forward to golden Sabres
okay see tonight and then I remembered
Kevin Durant was out so that kind of
kills all the highs but I'm still going
to end up watching the game
