guys I actually missed this car so much
I never noticed until I Drive it so many
memories in this car I love this car no
but really mine and jacket we've already
made a video about this our first date
or gay if you want to call it that we
sat in the back or we sat in my car for
about six or seven hours and just hung
out south our first date actually that
was like our first 10 days I was too
nervous to eat in front of her stomach
was just killing my car yeah was
romantic come up the red leather seat
that's ok the romantic oh my god liquid
song plays my favorite song of all time
me
this is also the absence of any one
album in the album I was playing when me
and Jackie first hung out and I swear to
you she called me she said you what are
you listening to and I was like I just
want to hang out it's like I don't know
like minister yeah in this and very sad
he was really AM L look at me and that
was like not shy at all about sighs okay
Morgan's like three days or maybe longer
pre into action like speak it took me
four days to say hi but anyway we love
Fetty WAP
guys I actually dedicated this song I'm
about to show you to Jackie when we
first started dating
okay listen to the song and then I'll
tell you her reply okay so I dedicated
that song to her I was like yeah you
know so special song I'm dedicating it
to me and you she said what where's your
music tape
you said you had the nerve to dedicate a
Fetty WAPs on the back three you
dedicate that time to me but like he
texted me that morning and was like hey
trap clean and I know I said good
morning trap Queen okay what the fuck
did you just call me like I am NOT atop
anything I'm literally in the little
girl's Lea flower literally call me no
and I well I dedicate that song to her
you know from the bottom of my heart and
she goes your music cases trash it is it
is I listen to views and say oh looks
wow that that broke my heart
you said you actually have the nerve to
dedicate a Fetty WAP song to me well you
broke my heart before I even started and
sighs hey don't tell them anything to
tell us what time did I wake you up
now time to say I bought my way have fun
in the morning I couldn't go to sleep my
back I'm telling you I felt this as a
wall like I couldn't even move out like
this so I was trying to speak when I
couldn't sleep and I I just needed on
the thought I needed it to be like just
something it was killing me
so executive speaking I like this you
know why God took him 30 minutes to wake
me up and not like at what point out was
awake and I was like just like okay I'm
just gonna pretend I'm gonna be sleeping
and then all of a sudden the whole hand
starts tapping me and above I wanted to
do a gentle investigation of his deeply
but I want to bed to asleep but honestly
I was like well it's my bathroom so
that's always anything you didn't want
to mess with my sleep you literally used
rural hands
my back and were like okay I gave her a
lot of chances to just wake up she
wasn't waking up on my bed wake up and
she had to like rub one out for me like
out of my bag but uh sleep doesn't me
like 30 minutes so one day when you get
married it's a bloody scare that was no
I'm scared of a word Mir you cannot mean
mom I'm not no I'm not scared of
commitment or living with the watch I'm
scared I found out I have to pay for the
wedding
oh fuck that's why I'm scared of
marriage not for any other reason I
could stay loyal that's not a problem
it's about me having to pay for the
wedding bug Lee can you start a GoFundMe
so you can pay for my wedding
no I'm just gonna charge a bun come to
my wedding like $50 in thank you
oh really guys I swear I always wanted
to get married ever since ever since
that was always one of the days I was
looking forward to since the day I met
Jackie all like oh I can't wait to one
day be married and then I found out that
we have to pay for the wedding so
everything I did to you not me oh yeah
what you're not going to help you pay
okay guys but you have to leave it the
man side of the feeling the pain all the
man side of the family mom so you guys
to have to pay for it watch my mom on my
wedding day she's gonna be like maybe
that one time I paid for habit burger
I'm not paying no guys I'm just joking I
knew how to pay for the wedding which is
why I'm still not married I'm just
joking guys the only reason I like being
cheap is because for everybody who
watched Everybody Hates Chris what was
his name Julian Julian Julian that's 52
cent worth of water that's 48 cents
worth of food
he's my role model okay come did he go P
or no come here you obese pug come here
let's go inside it's cold it's too cold
for you out there Bosley come here okay
guys now
Jackie's Hispanic mom duties turn on and
she has to be home because she has
curfew it's almost 11 p.m. so we don't
want to get on her mom's bad side so she
got to be home yeah okay guys we got a
walk Jackie out just in case someone
wants to smash her with a raw she said
or put her on fire okay let's go
Bosley you wanna walk Jackie out no no
more treat I already gave you
let's go bye Brian just joking
yeah guys that's actually what a lot of
people don't know Jackie has a curfew
except for a weekend we can choose a lot
to sleep here and everything but Sunday
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday she
has a curfew
no one has one one using my mom's I can
smell fear came from and what does that
mean like mom I tell myself okay Angela
be Hispanic pants are like
middle-eastern parents they're crazy
imagine I'm gonna feel bad for okay
because they have one middle-eastern
parent and one half of El Salvador's no
you because I'm like very understanding
you're like fuck no yeah if we have a
girl and she's 16 years old dad can I go
to a party on fake
you think I'm stupid you want to go
party what are you gonna say oh yeah let
me go to the party but insanely don't
get crazy over kiss the kiss the kiss
I'm not keen on Alan why not yeah why
not everywhere I go for kids you look
very got kids against the kiss Oh God Oh
why do ya know you're a second me
okay guys let's watch her to make sure
someone doesn't show up with a rock and
hit her and then jump in the bushes
because he's so scared and then take off
sprinting let's make sure that doesn't
happen later big booty Gator that make
sense Gator alligator with her looks
look okay guys so it's a close this
video out I just want to let everybody
who's watching this video know and if
you're not watching this video but
you're a part of the bra squad can
somebody who is watching this video pass
this on because I just want to let you
guys know really quick that last night
you know it was late and I couldn't fall
asleep it's all just going to my old
YouTube videos my old pictures you know
from a couple years back and I just want
to say that it just hit me like
obviously I think about this all the
time but I don't know why hit me even
more last night that you guys have
changed my life so much so I wanted to
close this video out look like a little
thank you to all you guys because I
don't think you guys understand how much
you've changed my life I feel like you
guys think oh you know you just watch my
videos comment and that's it oh
hopefully Brandon sees it hopefully
Brandon replies it's not only that you
guys have literally like turned my life
around
you guys have made my life so much
better and the least I could do is thank
you guys you guys just don't understand
and you won't ever understand but I just
want to let you guys know how much you
mean to me you guys are literally like
my second family I say that in my videos
a lot and I kind of just flip it in like
oh you guys are my second family so
maybe you guys don't catch it
but you got you guys watching this video
you got to reply to my tweet you guys
who follow me on social media you guys
who have your little fan pages of me you
guys are all my second family and it's
because of you guys that I wake up every
single day with a smile it's because of
you guys that I'm just I'm so happy in
life and yeah of course it has to do
with my family I love my family
it has to do with my girlfriend I love
her very very much and obviously has to
do the basketball I love basketball but
you guys are at the top you guys are my
second family and I mean thank you thank
you so much trust me when I say it trust
me I would not be where I am in life
without you guys you guys don't have to
take the time out of your day to watch
my videos you guys don't have to sit
down at your laptop or scroll through
your phone and go
my YouTube channel and watch my videos
nobody's forcing you to do that nobody
said you have to do it and you guys
still do it just for fun you got to do
it out of your own way
so thank you guys so much for that and I
swear I wish there were words for me to
tell you guys how much it means to me I
wish there were words that were invented
for me to explain to you guys how much I
appreciate what you guys do for me and
there just isn't I just can't put it
into words so I'm going to try my best
to just say what I could I love you guys
you guys have truly changed my life I
love you right up there with my family
and my own girlfriend it's just crazy
how there are so many people you know
1.7 million people who just use our
takes so much attention to my life like
I said nobody's forcing you to do it you
guys are doing it out of your own way so
thank you guys so much for that I
appreciate it and I wish I could say
more but I just don't know what to say
so hopefully you guys get what I'm
saying you know people tweet to me or
people tell me when I meet them realize
you know yo Brandon you changed my life
so much thank you for making YouTube
video and I look at them like I changed
your life no you changed my life it's
the opposite way you guys might think
you know I make you guys happy with
these videos I make you guys entertain
with these videos no and maybe that is
true but it's the other way around you
guys make me happy with your support I
appreciate every little bit of support
that you guys show me we're at 1.7
million subscribers right now we're so
close to two mil and I swear to you when
I say this I'm not joking it feels like
yesterday I was starting my NBA video
you know this channel started with NBA
videos I didn't even start with vlogging
I didn't even know what a vlog was if
you go back to my first vlog a year and
a half ago I swear to you in that vlog I
said okay guys I don't even know what a
blog is I looked it up last night and
Here I am making my first vlog before I
ever recorded my first vlog the night
before I searched on Google what is a
YouTube blog and now a year and a half
later I'm a daily vlogger it's just
crazy it's crazy almost two million subs
later and it still feels like just
yesterday
out starting up a YouTube channel just
yesterday I was sitting here with my
laptop webcam hey guys the bharatas NBA
show that's what my channel started with
you know I still remember the exact talk
I had with Jackie when I was starting my
youtube channel I remember I told her I
like I'm not trying to get bigger
anything I just love talking about
basketball so I'm going to make videos
and she's like are you sure you want to
do this I'm like yeah I mean I'm not
trying to get paid off this I'm not
trying to get big I'm not trying to make
it big time in the YouTube world
I just love basketball I already write
NBA articles so instead of writing I
just want to talk about that's all
that's it I no plans or desire to ever
vlog I have no plans or desire to ever
make challenges prank no plans or
desires to ever daily upload and then I
remember my comment sections for my NBA
videos would be like bro please vlog
please vlog and in my head I'd be like I
don't know I just made this to talk
about basketball I don't know if I could
blog I don't know you know I've never
really used a camera and went out and
recorded things but then I remembered
also when Jackie would see those
comments too and she would tell me she
would be like babe whatever you choose
to do I support you whether you choose
to go out and start doing these little
blogs we didn't even know what vlogs
were or whether you decide to just you
know keep going to school one day work
for the Suns and just keep making these
little NBA videos for fun like once a
week I used to just make them once a
week to not support you either way my
girlfriend had my back
and she told me she would support me
whatever I was do so one day I just woke
up and I'm like you know in life you
can't only do things that you're
comfortable with you got to step out of
your comfort zone so that's what I did
so it's just crazy how life works and I
want to say I got really lucky I want to
say oh I don't know how this happened
but then I think that I do know how this
happened because of you got it yes I put
in the work yes I work really really
hard to make these videos and film and
edit but if it weren't for you guys
watching them then none of that would
have mattered so throw my hardwork to
the side it's you guys why we are about
to hit two mills with so close and I'm
so excited I don't even know what's
going to happen when I hit two mill I
really don't and it's just crazy
I can't wait it's going to be one of the
most exciting days of my life now before
I end this video I just wanted to say
one more thing you think two million is
enough you think two million is where
I'm going to look at my youtube channel
and be like oh we're two mil cool you
know I could relax now
no and I still feel like I had to
accomplish anything to milk to me I look
at it and be like nice job Brandon
now do something with your life now do
something to Miller's and anything
that's how I look at it because I try to
push myself so I promise even after I
get to milk I'm gonna work harder
i'ma push myself even harder and I'm
going to keep grinding to one day just
try to be better than what I was the day
before what I get to mill three Mills
for milk god I don't even know if that
was ever happen maybe five mill you know
I'm never gonna look back and be like
you know I've accomplished what I wanted
to melt because I always say the sky's
the limit every time I wake up and I see
that I see a number I want to say okay
how can I beat this how can I do better
anyways I'm talking for way too long but
I just want to show my appreciation to
you guys because yeah I'd say in every
single video you know I love you guys
and you got me in the world to me but I
feel like you guys underestimate I feel
like you guys think oh he's just saying
it you know just to be nice or all he's
just saying it to kill time no I don't
say things unless I mean them I really
don't if you ever were to meet somebody
who knows me personally words don't come
out of my mouth unless I really mean
them but when I'm looking at the camera
right now saying I love you guys you
guys mean the world to me and you're
like a second family and you guys have
really changed my life in a really
really fast fast amount of time I'm
telling you like I said it feels like
yesterday I was just starting my youtube
channel thank you I really mean it and
it really means a lot so thank you guys
so much for watching this video and I
love you guys
