what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and today's video that
I'm bringing you guys it's not going to
be a vlog or a prank or challenge or you
know any entertaining video like that I
apologize for that
but today in case you can't tell I feel
really under the weather you name it
cough sore throat runny nose stuffy nose
just everything just hit me all at once
I don't know where it came from I know a
lot of my friends have been getting sick
so I might have caught something from
them I'm not sure but I just didn't
really have the energy last night to go
out and record a video or do something I
was just dead I was in bed I even tried
to play bass bone that had to get cut
short I did go to the gym I played a
little but I had to come back home early
so you guys could probably tell by my
voice honestly but the video I'm
bringing you guys today I'm gonna be
talking about my car I'm just going to
update you guys on the situation I'm
gonna let you guys know what's going on
because for those who don't know which
I'm sure a lot of you guys know there's
even people who don't follow my youtube
channel now they're like oh you're the
guy who got his BMW i8 smashed right so
I didn't want to be known as that guy
but sadly that's how it works so for
those who don't know hater came by my
house last week and when nobody was home
matched the window my BMW i8 and so you
know I showed you guys what happened I
showed you guys the damage and I kind of
talked about it and then after that I
didn't really mention anything about I
stopped tweeting about it I didn't make
any snapchats on it and I didn't make
another video on it because I told
myself you know I got to stay positive
about this situation and I don't want to
talk about it anymore you know I already
made a video on it and that's it I
wanted to just let myself forget about
it wait so god sakes and just boom never
talk about it again
but every single day you know I got a
bunch of tweets and a bunch of comments
from you guys did you get a fix how much
is it going to cost to get fix where is
it did they catch the guy who did it I
just got a bunch of questions from you
guys
and you know like I said I didn't want
to talk about it anymore after I made
the video I said okay positive mindset
no more bringing up the BMW ia but I
feel like it's not spirits you guys for
me to make that video and then just
ignore all your questions I feel like I
owe it to you guys if I made the video
if I showed you guys that the car was
smashed then I got to answer your
question so this video today imma just
update you guys on the whole situation
so first things first I must
off with the question everybody has been
asking did the comps find the guy so
after it happened the guy was on foot he
didn't have a car so we called the cops
were like you know the guy might still
be around it just happened he was on
foot and so we talked to the cops
filed a police report and we had the
footage so they could see the figure of
the guy and we had the rock and so the
cops told me that they don't want me to
disclose too much information until the
person actually gets caught so I'm going
to say right now is so far the person
has not been caught yet he has not been
caught but the cops say that they have
more than enough evidence to narrow it
down to a few people and they're working
on it they say that they're getting
close I talk to them like we've been on
paying contact on a daily basis every
day since it happened
if they're narrowing it down but they
haven't called the dude yet so that's
all we're going to say with that they
also don't want me to release the
footage of the guy but once they catch
him I'm gonna show you guys the footage
yours crazy so right now I didn't show
the footage in the first video and I
can't show right now sadly have to dude
throwing the rock at my car the top
still want me to they have their own
reasons why they want me to keep that
secret between just them in myself but
once they catch me I'm allowed to show
the footage I'm gonna show you guys that
footage next question that everybody's
been asking is it fixed did you fix the
BMW i8 well the thing is the BMW ia is
not just some everyday car it's not just
a car that you see on every single
neighborhood and every single cul-de-sac
it's not like that the BMW i8 is a car
that you know something happens to it
such as the glass shatters or something
happens to a part of the car it's not
like they have a bunch of spare pieces
just laying around in any shop so I
called every single shop like within a
100-mile radius
I called every shot you know you guys
have the back glass piece for the BMW i8
no sorry if you guys have the glass
piece notice are you guys on the glass
no no no called the dealer not even the
own dealer had it I mean think about it
they barely sell any BMW i8 one of the
chances that someone comes by smashing
the window so the center is something
that happens every day they don't just
have a bunch of BMW i8 pieces laying
around and stock so they're going to
have to order this piece from God knows
where they might even have to order it
from Germany so right now I'm speaking
to a place right now who's going to
order
like I said I think they're going to
order from Germany I'm not sure I have
no idea how long that's going to take it
could take weeks it could take a month
it could take a couple of days all I
know is that when the piece does get to
the shop it only takes them three days
to fix it so that's the good part so if
they have the piece in stock it would
only take three days I would already
have to fix but they don't have it
that's the thing so that's what we're
waiting for
the car is still in the garage it's
still home there's no point to take it
into the shop until they have the piece
so I'm waiting on the shop to come back
to see when they could finally order
this piece and because it wasn't just
one glass it was the first glass and
then there's a second screen of glass
that I went through
so they got to order two different ones
and I wish I wish they have the pieces
and stuff but they don't so I guess a
rare car if you want to say I'm not sure
but next question everybody's asking me
do you have to pay for or does your
insurance paid for it so I'm going to
have to pay a deductible I'm going to
have to take some out of pocket which
sucks I know you know I'm not going to
smash my cars someone came up and
smashing I have to pay for it I know it
sucks but that's just the way the world
works that's the way insurance works
it's going to cost a couple thousand
dollars I think they said three and a
half to Florida half thousand dollars to
fix it but my insurance is going to
cover most of the I think I'm not going
to have to pay twenty five percent so
probably a thousand out of my own pocket
it sucks but I can't complain at least I
have insurance and I don't have to pay
the whole four thousand dollars out of
four thousand dollars the farmer we're
gonna have to pay a thousand that's fine
I mean it sucks because I'm not the one
who smashed the glass it wasn't my fault
but it's fun I'll take that hit sadly
but I will so yeah I mean I don't know
what more you guys want to know like I
said I didn't want to talk about it
because honestly puts me in a bad mood
you know if this happened to anybody
else if someone came up and smashed
their car they wouldn't want to talk
about it either
so I wanted to just forget about it but
I owe it's you guys I'm the one who made
the video then I got to answer your
question I can't leave all you guys
hanging so I think I went over all the
questions if the cops caught the guy
what's the cost I've been saying if I'm
allowed to release the footage how much
it's going to cost how long it's going
to take is it fixed yet I think I went
over all that it's talked about this
where I'm happy that I kept my Lexus
because I've been driving the Lexus
around and I mixed Alexis so honestly it
feels good to be driving it around it
reminds me of the old days there
and bring back memories when I'm in the
Lexus driving it's like yo this was the
first car that I actually paid for like
you know sentimental value so feel good
to drive it obviously the reason why I'm
driving it isn't good I would have
wanted a different reason to drive my
Lexus but hey you know what I'd say you
know first of all I appreciate all you
guys who have been tweeting to me saying
that they love how I have a positive
mindset because you know this happened
to my car that I've only had for three
months this is my dream car my dream car
came when one day n was smashed and then
I find out that it's going to take
really long to fix then I find out that
I'm going to have to pay a thousand
dollars out of pocket so it was really
easy for me to get down on myself and
you know be upset and be pissed off but
you know what I said fuck everything
happens for a reason everything happens
for a reason you got to stay positive
stay positive let's say I get down on
myself and oh fuck why does this happen
to me Danny I'm so mad what good is that
going to do for me so I'm going to do
any good I might as well stay positive
that's why I didn't want to talk about I
just want to forget about it and hey
honestly my car looks cool if unique
it's not every day that you see a I ate
with a smashed glass now I could say yo
you know some other people might have I
ate but it's a glass smash like mine I
don't think so so you know I think it's
cool it makes it stand out you know
that's robotics is iron you guys can
have your other eye aid but I got the
one with the smashed glass beat that so
now the joking but you've got to be
positive honestly you know my mom dad my
girlfriend Brian they were all pissed
they were like what the fuck how did
someone do that to your car and I just
told them I was going to tell them all
that yellow shit Oh guys I know it sucks
it's bad you know it's not our fault
that someone did this but we just gotta
look positive you know everything
happens for a reason
karma is real so Karma's going to get
back to the guy and I've just been
staying positive that's the number one
thing if I get down on myself that's not
going to do any good for me I hope that
answered all your questions
I apologize for you know not really
entertaining video today but I feel like
this was important to make at least
based off every time I go on my scooter
there's so many questions from you guys
which I understand it was dumb of me to
make that video and then not follow up
with answering all your guys's questions
so I felt like I need to do that today
but tonight we have a basketball game
I'm playing my old team that I played
with
season the Green Team so I'm really
excited for that I love my voice I loved
it they gave me a chance to play with
them last season and I still thank them
for that especially there's one guy on
that team who I'm really really close
with so it's going to be really fun
playing against them tonight i'ma see
them say what's up have a few laughs but
at the end of the day it's still a
basketball game so as much as I love
them as grateful as I am that they gave
me an opportunity to play with them
basketball we got to win this game
Brian's not coming back tonight by the
way he's coming back next week we only
have two more games left two more games
so it's important that we win these last
two but I'm excited and oh yeah
I forgot where I was even going with
that once I talk about basketball it's
like my brain just dies and I do get
into basketball that's well basketball
but anyways what I was going to say was
I apologize for not having an
entertaining video today but tomorrow
you're going to get the basketball game
day vlog and I know you guys love those
thank you so much for the support that
you show me on those and hopefully you
guys enjoyed the video tomorrow
hopefully it's a W not a L but a W and
we'll see but right now to end this
video I want to show you guys my car
just so you guys see it Ramsey oh hey
Bosley sorry no arfa hell Emil you
finish checking off I did yeah okay oh
my god what are you aski funny I was
gonna put on short oh my gosh so first
of all shout out to Emil shoutout to
Ramsey if you guys have been longtime
subscribers you guys remember these
dudes they came by when was it a couple
months ago yeah yeah they came by a
couple months ago and they pranked my
gas first of all these boys have the
nerve to walk into my home for the first
time they had never been here before and
they had never met my dad and they
pranked him with a home robbery prank my
dad was asleep and they pretended to rob
him that that requires the ball so do
have the first time you're ever meeting
someone the first time ever in their
house that requires the ball I'm only
that link in the description below if
you guys can get a chance to check it
out home robbery prank on my sleeping
dad go check it out I'm gonna leave the
link in the description below anyways
like I said we're leaving the car here
until the shop gets the part because
there's no point to take it in yet but
here it is we can't open the fridge
because obviously boo yo Ramsay what was
I telling you in the morning about you
know the whole glass
you need guys you need rope nice this is
my car no one else can say they got a
shattered ionizer shattered right
exactly beat that guys all uia owners
beat that go smash your glass maybe then
you could compete with this car but no
guys so if you're wondering where all
the glass went my dad just beat it down
obviously it was already cracking on its
own anyway so he might as well just
break it all the pieces fell in here and
then the thing is this is what I was
talking about two glasses so not only
did the rock break this first one but it
went through and it cracked the second
one so see there's wires here there's
like this glass was connected to
everything that's the thing it wasn't
just glass that would have probably been
easy to find but yes there's wires like
I'm not even sure exactly what they're
used for and this right here is the
engine you know that right it's on the
front so good thing the rock didn't
fucking go through that yeah so there's
pretty much my car I know it sucks the
Seas but I told them Rams you got to
stay positive
what the hell is the point of it let's
say I get negative about this and get
down on myself is that going to make the
glass appear faster no you might as well
stay positive
shit happens it's life its life you
can't expect everything to be perfect if
you expect everything to be perfect
you're going to be disappointed in life
honestly where's a meal how many times
new jack off in the thirty minute time
span yeah but yeah guys this is the car
I thought that I owed you guys answering
all these questions I didn't want to
just make the video and leave all you
guys hanging one last time shoutout to
ambient emile oh there you are I did
actually I said how many times you can
jack off in a thirty minutes on spit you
all square up this video was boy let's
make it entertaining who knows about you
know when I was like I know I thought
you were coming to my basketball game
are you prepared for me to lose he's
ready for the funeral meet my future
life yet okay looking good that's why
you jacked off you me show I'm going to
put out I'm just joking guys but yeah in
my video for the day it sucks but Emil I
told them stay positive
you can't nothing nothing in life
exactly if you're down on yourself it's
like oh let me get mad at myself and
wake up and the glass is going to be
here no and one last time I appreciate
all the support from you guys on Twitter
yeah there
is a bunch of idiots and a bunch of
haters oh you deserve to get your glass
nice whatever but there are a lot of
people much more people who supported me
oh I hope you catch the guy I hope you
get your car fixed I'll shout out to you
guys China to the supporters shout out
to the supporters we can change also
thank you guys for all the tweets I hope
you're feeling better with your sickness
I hope you get over your sickness thank
you guys I appreciate it and it does
help me feel better trust me he'll just
a little thank you and Sam off the
health the medicine yet I can maybe work
a little but the support from you guys
what makes me feel better
anyways bro the shit's cracking more and
no hesitation oh my gosh r.i.p BMW i8
okay hey come on come on come on
it is named Devin Booker but you can't
say it like that
you have to r.i.p dem Booker the car
happy denim book is the car
yes hey guys we gotta go I gotta get
ready for my game wait where do we just
come back from my last watchin losing my
life you know we didn't we won three in
a row yeah guys the reason I mentioned
that we went to the gym and played
basketball that's where all you guys who
call me an idiot for playing basketball
before my game you know I had to do one
last time oddly and this time was with a
sickness I need to go Michael Jordan's
flu game tonight I'm dying I'm not even
supposed to be playing because of my
back but you knew I was going to miss
the game if you thought that I was going
to miss tonight's game then you don't
know who Brandon and what it is if you
really thought all the doctor said you
can't play cuz of your back and you
really felt all going to listen I'm
sorry but you don't know me so I can't
wait for our game
so no Brian again this week sadly okay
I'll be on the bench shouting you guys
bring the other thankful earring you got
yo game we come to the game Brian Joplin
I know yeah yeah no but I'll sing in
like 30 to go Brian your coaching record
is oh and two are we going to pick up
that first victory with you as a head
coach today come on yeah clipboard and
you need to break the clipboard and do
secret what the fuck you doing follow
all that okay so guys I hope you enjoyed
this video and I know you guys are going
to enjoy tomorrow's basketball day vlog
more thank you guys so much for watching
hope that I feel better and I love you
guys sure how about I love you guys so
much so much so so much like from the
bottom of
my heart from the bottom of my heart
down all the way up we love you we love
you both of us thank you guys so much
for watching
shout out and we're out
