it looks like this I feel bad
what do you think they're gonna say
welcome back no they tell you you can't
play soccer mom why the most have
thought of the bombing okay let's hear
from dr. the bass is the most that's
what you think stand on this thing to
the spine fine yes you heard this you
have to discover is not to be a toy
yeah we'll see yes please let me know
will do mom wish me luck wish me luck
Bosley Bosley wish me luck
bye okay guys so for those who don't
know what my mom and dad were talking
about I'm actually on my way to the
doctors right now because in case you
missed my past couple videos I hurt my
back really bad playing basketball I was
going for a lamp and someone hit me
while I was in midair so I kind of it
was just a weird incident and obviously
when you're in midair you have no
control of your body so I hurt my back
really bad it wasn't on purpose I know
the dude you know he asked if I was okay
I'm cool with him I was playing
basketball things happen you can't
expect to play sports and I'll get
injured but it wasn't that bad right
away but then I kept playing on it
because it didn't hurt that bad when it
first happened so I kept playing and
playing and so I made it worse but now I
go to the point where I'm on my way to
the doctor I'm not gonna lie I'm a
little nervous I hope that he doesn't
tell me that it's anything too serious
I'm hoping it's something smaller than
what we all think you heard my mom and
dad they were pretty worried Jackie is
worried I always try to think positive
so I'm hoping that the doctor just you
know I think there's a fan oh there's a
good recording so the call came in from
I'm invisible one cloud
okay so shout out to those dudes in the
car one of the worst possible things is
back injuries because those can last a
really really long time so I'm hoping
it's nothing serious
we don't know yet that's why we're
headed to the doctors and we're going to
find out shortly if I learned one thing
from this it's that if you get hurt
don't keep playing and I know it sounds
like it's common sense like well does
you get hurt you're not supposed to keep
playing but I just love basketball so
much that even when I'm hurt I'm just
like oh whatever but no I learned right
now at age 21 finally I learned that if
you hurt yourself you shouldn't play
basketball I'm telling you my back was
hurt so bad and I went and played my
game last night I played all 40 minutes
I didn't come out of the game once so
that made my back a million times worse
this is probably the worst pain I've
ever felt in my life
if you injure your spine that can affect
everything that's why I'm kind of
nervous right now because back injuries
can linger on and on and on from this
eight till you get old we're almost
there and we'll see what they say
we actually oh my god I need to pick my
fantasy basketball lineup no okay guys
so we actually just got to the doctor's
however thank God and to tell me you
you're going to be like dying let me
just garnish commentators can see and
here I go because the long end is once
it turned a certain time you can't
change your lineup for a daily fantasy
basketball so I have to change it now I
can't pull my phone out from the doctor
and be like hold on doc let me pick my
lineup sorry you're dying we're here
guys but I just need to pick my lineup
really quick and we good
this is so stressful picking by daily
fantasy basketball lineup it's probably
the most stressful thing in my life
imagine I finally took my lineup and I
go down and they're closed when I
thought I was the most stressful thing
really well yeah you're for sure the
most stressful thing in my life but you
do things that at least make up for the
stress what the fuck does fantasy
basketball do to make up on a thread and
this is so hard it's rigged it's rigged
guys I'm such a fan as I told him if you
if you don't feel good at least this
MacDonald
yeah she said off your back is broken or
if you need surgery Alex there's a
McDonald's right there I said so I'm
gonna get bad news from the doctor and
I'm gonna go eat some shitty food yeah
that makes sense but no I can't rise
eyelid but we have to get Lac taking too
long doing this okay guys so we were
literally about to walk into the
doctor's office but it just hit me that
I was starving so I told Jackie let me
go get mcdonalds really quick and then
we'll go to the doctors so we're about
to go on a McDonald's day you know
jackie was just Tong Jackie was just
telling me how you know we don't really
go on a lot of days so I told her I said
you know what how about before I go to
the doctor's let me take you on a date
really quick babe I'll pay for your food
I'll pay for your food they have a value
menu we're good you don't call this a
date guys get yourself a girlfriend who
counts McDonald's as a date please just
just if you had only a hooker cosmic
Donald as a day icon because of the day
I'm not a hooker
well actually maybe my side job besides
YouTube this is a five-star restaurant
what the hell you want more can you ask
for it let's say we went to a fancy
restaurant like let's just say let's
just say we went to a fancy restaurant
would they have a playground would they
have videogames
Calibos what more can you ask for
there's food playground and video games
if I went to a five-star restaurant they
would bring you food and that's it this
offers a variety of fun I call dibs on
going down the slide first oh I want to
go down the slide with the tray see now
fun that is if I wasn't injured I would
do it that would break my back ten times
more
pareo oh my god remember him yeah he's
still alive guys oh my gosh I'm so
tempted to go down the slide with a tray
but the doctor across the street would
actually spit in my face
I love this place value menu value menu
is literally the greatest thing invented
owners look all this I'm blind to but
the value menu my eyes open up so this
where they do all the MLG event like all
the gamers stay here like faze clan and
optic and all them some of them sit here
some sit there and this is where they do
MLG Anaheim for MLG wherever let me just
say a huge shout-out props to whoever
invented the value menu because just
thing about it food fun and cheap look
they have tic-tac-toe oh my god that I
think I go oh my god I'm literally going
to own this place what a fancy
restaurant downtown would that offer a
slide gained tic-tac fucking toe
lady areolas to Barbies and it comes
with toys oh my god listen if I went to
a fancy restaurant downtown and asked
for a toy with my food they would stay
in my face but when I come and exalteth
an ass for a toilet with my food they
give me a toilet but the food is gross
what the food is gross I just come here
for the experience okay guys now this is
what I don't like about McDonald's one
they charge you for exercise they charge
you for exercise I'm sorry I forgot
McDonald's doesn't make enough money to
give out a free ten cent sauce it's not
like they make a billion dollars every
day I literally said can I get extra
sauce Oh ten cents I said all nothing
jack-in-the-box was in charge for some
Carl's jr. doesn't charge for sauce
there's like chick-fil-a doesn't charge
for sauce but you come to McDonald's a
multi-billion dollar chain and oh ten
cents for sauce ten cents my ass forgot
McDonald doesn't make enough money on a
daily basis so they need the ten cents
from us oh my god I'm talking so loud
good thing I already got all the food so
now they can't stay in it
no way look I just found a bug in my
drink
I swear look at that do you see it oh my
god this is what I get for bringing you
on a McDonald's date oh my god please
tell me you're th right there
it's literally like this is what I get
for hyping up the McDonald's value menu
and everything so do I keep drinking
here or no okay guys I'm definitely
getting a new coat I don't know how this
got in there but that's disgusting
come look him welcome welcome welcome
welcome up come on in my language means
mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth
oh sorry I thought I saying that I said
come on come on come on come on and who
would that be the biggest turnoff on
earth ha ha I'll say tonight come on
mokuba
oh yeah she's flirting with the guy for
sure yeah she said that was definitely
exciting she just asked for a smoothie
gentlemen if your girlfriend asks for a
smoothie that's flirting you expect me
to take you somewhere fancy when you're
wearing this I'm signing my contract to
enter the NBA my first contract
the rags contrast how much money like
the most you could get to max out
non-jews opium what be selling on paper
words but I'm almost on my fantasy
basketball mono and there's only five
more minutes until you can't change it
anymore I have five minutes get it done
and then after friend paperwork Neal and
Jake think I can't do cleaner to that
law of adultery you sign your papers
you're gonna die I'm going to sign it
like I'm joining the NBA on this smile
and then take a picture like dude and
send it to my mom hey mom I made it but
it's really just a sign-up sheet for the
dope
first question what's your name my name
Devin Booker it's so quiet nobody else
is here test you because why would I buy
people to watch me sign my first NBA
contract exactly so you don't want to
celebrate yet
I want to keep this secret oh yeah so I
post this video I never knew signing an
NBA contract is so stressful
maybe worth it when I finally get on the
court for the Phoenix runs but talk
about cramps man oh my god
god I always hate signing papers in
front of Jackie I guess you always make
fun of my handwriting it's so bad I'm
not he's actually like hiding it and not
even talking to me like when someone
tries to cheat off you out of school
would you like oh you're one of those no
I'll get so mad at people I would be
like how does it hurt you with a copy of
papers you had her to the harm and
they're like well I was but you did it
on my client cover the fuck up you keep
there is loose paper anyway you know
what I would take my tech I was sure my
answer love us look not like anybody
wanted school you know I was most people
get I'll be like here you want to see my
answer
that's how I was raised be nice chair
wait they trust here to school or no no
no one wanted to work on my face okay
okay yeah okay
this school was about NBA's like if all
the tests when I was asked about have a
pool for me oh yes
okay guys I'm almost done hopefully I
passed this test if I get anything
what's going to be I'm gonna be so upset
I don't know home in a little myself I
just have a couple I just have a couple
more questions and then I got to turn
into the teacher hopefully I passed my
back hurts so bad oh hold on will fail
this question it says name okay what's
your name
welcome okay so we weren't allowed to so
most responses but it was just basic
pretty much this asking question took
blood pressure and did the little finger
thing and put something in my ear
you'll bottom there's always going to be
or what actually not my kids about my
shot
and I just took notes after what
happened and then the doctor is going to
step in
soon I'll know and then the doctor come
in and then we're going to feel happy
not going to lie I'm a little nervous
not gone scared hump it but I'm eager to
see what it is I've never had an injury
this size home I'm kind of nervous to
see what it is but we will find out okay
see it's not that bad if I could still
do that right I can wait what is it okay
to shoot yourself know what fellow they
can move it every other patient
wait that maybe is bad
my god Oh God look he spilled soda sure
this is yeah because obviously when you
see a bug in your drink my drink it like
a McDonald's put pant and I drink what
did i do today I was helping them up so
much I know you can touch it yeah my my
mom used to always let me get it up my
shoulder you can toast with my lord no
No
okay guys so we're not allowed to record
with the dog says in there what did they
do is you just like asked me to see how
far I can't like move my back see how
low I can go she kind of like fell
around my back
she says the good news and thankfully
thankfully it's not the spine that's
really good news actually because the
spine if you damage your spine like I
said it could hurt you not just when
you're young but it could go all the way
up to one year older so thankfully
Papa's fine she said it's for sure the
muscles she said it's a muscle spasm and
a muscle strain so the good news no
surgeries it's not fractured it's a
muscle spasm she prescribing some
medication bottling I'm going to take it
because I don't like taking strong
medication I'll probably just take some
ibuprofen I hate I hate when doctors
give you super strong meds because I
just feel like it yeah you maybe not
pick me mine one time I feel Jackie not
to take me back I think I'll just take
some like motional no I'm not going to
pick up the prescription that they roll
she says for our muscle strain or a
muscle spasm you have to heat it I get a
heat pad take the pills which I'll just
I'm not going to go into Oakland here
because a lot of some of the office and
the sense massage and the most important
thing she said read he said if you don't
rest then you could potentially hurt it
even more which is something you don't
want to do obviously
so she said rest I asked her I said can
i still play basketball she was like she
pretty much said no she said don't play
any basketball or she said about two
weeks but I have a game in six days and
just know Jen for six days
yeah I won't I won't go to the gym for
six days I say that now but we'll see
how that goes on you won't go so you go
to sleep relax okay so I'll go to the
gym for a couple of days but I'm sorry
I'm sorry doctor there's no way I can
miss my game in six more days but how
about we change that instead of two
weeks of rest six days of rest I think
that's fine I'm just super super happy
so so blessed that it was
my sign and it was just a muscle spasms
we'll adjust the muscle spasms but still
bad but it's way better than the spine
so I'm happy thankful and super lucky
now beautiful day he told me I wasn't we
can hang her I would have done something
like play basketball
how many guys I woke up this morning and
I was like oh my god I could have what
did you even play basketball and then
Jackie's like no you could now go to gym
and play basketball yeah you make me
sound like the worst like nightmare of
your life I'll shoot everything Jackie
tells me I know it's for a good reason
she looks out for me he cares for me and
she doesn't want me to get hurt oh oh oh
I thought there was a car you scared me
aa guy on the paper when I was filling
out signing my NBA contract they said
relationship status and I put almost
married what do we relationship status I
asked you that
yeah like if you're married if yup came
almost me not yet engaged or not that
either actually got question to
celebrate that it was just a muscle
strain and muscle spasm wait why do I
keep saying that like it's nothing no
guys the muscle sprain and muscle spasm
are still kind of bad but it's way
better than a fracture so to celebrate
the good news I need to sing a song oh
okay it goes like this spring
everybody clap your hands clapping come
on now
okay no your this clap clap-clap amazed
you know that song yeah we were that
close
it's called cha-cha real food Jin Jin
Jin Jin Jin tintin I remember they used
to make us dance today in elementary
school every Friday morning and I would
be so fucking embarrassed and scared to
dance I'll always try to hide in the
back I would hide behind Olly because me
and him went to the same elementary
school he was always super tall and I
was super short so shout out to Ali's
for letting me hide why when I heard the
words freeze and I was running hide
behind my mom's eye telling me to take
the prescription but I'm hungry I'm not
a drug addict oh no I ready that feels
but looks clothing I'll just take the
regular motrin yah yeah yeah I know
doctors they lie just to get you
addicted to disguise my mom made this
cake is graham crackers Cool Whip and
cherries mom do you have extra cool whip
yeah oh they swing it upstairs yeah you
do great mom you think that stopped me
this house the doctor's office say here
you be the doctor so tell them what she
say okay guys so soon just you get a
report everyone no no she didn't do that
guys land allocation since we could have
record at the doctor's office we'll have
Jackie Rhee demonstrated kay what is the
doctor saying like this she asked me to
bend as far down as I could and I
literally went like this hey I went like
I said there's the most I can go -
because touch retos I said I can't touch
my toes right now and she said oh so
that's really as far as you can go now
what's that like unimpressed like oh boy
does do this - yeah then she said do the
side like this should I go that's all
you can go I'll like yes I'm hurt that's
why I'm here at the nope I can't go all
the way to hell so that's what she was
like yeah this is for sure a muscle
strain and a muscle spasm but God just
the thing that kind of like wing in my
ear when she said not to play
as well for two weeks I kind of just
like cell from the chair all of you just
imagine no basketball for two weeks but
no but I changed the timetable it's not
it's one week you listen to the data no
we can fix around hey I think what she
meant was that estimated two weeks so we
just say one week I'll leave two weeks
none and then yeah you take your
medication maybe we'll be able to yes oh
and she said a lot of massage without
bending yo guys I just want to close
this video out by thanking you guys so
much for how much support you guys gave
me the second you guys found out my back
was injured from yesterday's video I got
non-stop support on Twitter Instagram on
my youtube comments and thank you so
much because it was just so overwhelming
it's like I already have my family you
know my girlfriend who cares so much
about me and then it's like I have a
whole other group of people which is you
guys the Burwash squad who cared just as
much and it's crazy because you guys
have never even met me I've never even
met you guys so you have no reason to
care this much for me but you do it
anyways so it's just so overwhelming and
I can't thank you enough for the support
I love you guys all and it really means
a lot to me don't think it goes
unnoticed
