mom be safe see you Sunday
you live it yep I'm getting sent out
there by Nike like yes it's crazy so
Nike thank you so much I love you guys
oh your boy is getting sent out to Los
Angeles by Nike are you freaking kidding
me like I'm really really really blessed
downtown LA look at the view guys mob so
I can't you know Mom and Dad are you
proud of me yet but you know guys Nike
event so you already know we got the
Nike windbreakers and then you have the
Nike off-white collabs damn this line
well someone got me this on basketball
is my first smile of the day
everyone's up around the shoes and the
clothes and I'm just here like I'm
trying to play some basketball
look the court is so big this is like
heaven
you can't even blame me at this point do
I chase basketball or does basketball
follow me like I came here for a
clothing event I walked into a frigging
ball you had no idea okay
we're looking at my god debug with the
 who's that on that son capella
so I see all the all-star jerseys here
when you're done filming can you help me
find something really
I'm looking for the Devin Booker
all-stars because they have
I mean at least one Laker gotta Jersey
they don't play no more
I'm looking for the devil looking one
you know because he should have been an
all-star store oh wait he gots no debug
us no I think it's in the clearance
section over there like all of Cox's
shoes okay guys so right now we are
about to customize our speaker
Nike is giving us take a wild guess what
I'm gonna customize it had
what are you thinking so we're at the
customization table right now how do I
make this at Phoenix Sun doesn't kill
bitch I'm following the biggest
high-pitched on YouTube whatever he's
doing six and a half hours later I don't
want you guys to see my shoe just yeah
I'm working on a masterpiece but it
feels like I'm an arts-and-crafts right
now and let's just say I wasn't the
brightest student in arts and crafts so
I might have the ugliest custom shoe
here but it's all good would you guys
say that or know your songs on love
party oh when I heard the rumor that she
was pregnant my heart broke but I think
it's fate is here's the rumor is it fake
if it's my baby but if it's not mine
hey you know it's funny olives never
this focused in school but when it comes
to where I want to say that when it
comes to making Phoenix Suns themed
shoes that's another party B hey
it's a sign it's here is 100% baby's
mine 90% the rumor is not fake the
baby's mine
it look clean don't it washed it the
other day once I clean on it a Miss look
let's see what we're working with right
here we got the orange shoes purple and
Nike swoosh purple laces hashtag 70 the
day that Booker dropped 70 points
hashtag bug 2015 NBA draft that's one
Booker was drafted and he was picked
number 13
crazy sons fan-xiu normal human shoe
thousand I'll trade you bro down if you
agree that fast there must be something
wrong hyung
so they got people shooting around right
now but it's only staff and you think if
I apply for a job here really quick
they'll accept me and then I could play
I need to submit my application right
away get hired here play basketball and
then I quit
we got Kai's wajih's too hot crew in the
back the feels like I'm on a field trip
of youtubers
oh damn and he has the longest arms -
and he still didn't tell we're about to
customise our own NBA jerseys hey Dennis
what have you been saying this whole
time
there's too many stairs no no what have
you been saying about customizing a
jersey they better let me do my jersey
after I walk up all these stairs okay
they don't let you customize the Jersey
what are you gonna do take every Jersey
in the school okay so we got all the
jerseys plain right now do they make
some jerseys in LA I don't think they
have sons just oh I spotted one Oh
which team do you think I should do
there's a lot of options
I don't know this one's kind of nice but
I was kind of looking at I already
called you called that one oh really oh
really
Lou will DMM Fox Kawhi Leonard Donovan
Mitchell John Wall
DeMar DeRozan Aaron Gordon Jo Ellen bead
what hey how hard did I try for you I
tried I asked like a bunch of different
people I was trying to get Dennis at
Jersey but are you gonna write a yelp
review
how many stars negative hi try and I try
to get down into Jersey but they won't
let even tried to say that human space
drug I said there's my brother who pays
for the room service in the room so what
are you gonna do when we get back or six
jerseys of you Dennis no don't order
room service we just ate they're gonna
end up charging Mike or let's see what
I'm ordering Dennis looking guys I'm
ordering fruits when doing every foods
I'm ordering veggies I'm gonna eat those
 veggies I want to punish thank
you could say watch so Oh bacon Dennis
just because someone says oh the room
service is free if you order a million
dollars of room service it is not free
at that point
stop all body with Jersey what kind of
Jersey do you want and be straight out
right now I'll buy you a Jersey no I saw
something Jersey they didn't want to
give me and I'm gonna want order food
right now we're about to walk into a Q&A
with Kobe Bryant like there's gonna be
crazy seeing a black mamba I'm trying to
keep my cool I live in the Lakers Santa
that's crazy seen Kobe
Koby is lagging so so we're at a Nike
event and let me see your shoes and why
they didn't give you a Jersey but they
gave you a freaking media pass though
you're about to see Kobe Bryant so Kobe
bean Bryant isn't gonna be sitting right
there
and I'm sitting next to Big Time Kobe
fans how you feel how you feel hey I
just want to give a quick little message
to Kobe before he comes out he was the
rule of all my tears growing up all my
sad moments all the times I ever sat in
my room upset angry mad sad
I'm gonna be facing my childhood
nightmare honestly that's what he wants
to me my childhood nightmare if you
don't know what I'm talking about
Kobe used to all over the Sun and I
used to be a kid you're supposed to say
no we did it Randy
now I used to be a kid watching Kobe
play against the sides and be like stop
Kobe stop and he wouldn't listen by the
way the book the book who sang that so
this what happens when you to God that
actually scores the 81 not get it thank
you thank you
you know it's the last day you have to
literally leave it all out there so I
don't waste my time in the debate in a
textbook because wherever your arguments
of my debates will be being the best is
always my face argued for enjoy against
the sun's oh no not this one not this
one you know then he pulled his shirt to
the side I remember this one I cried so
much after this there's this shirt I'm
talking about Kobe I cried so much after
that all because of you
bomba out out mom play out run up why'd
you run up
Oh
so now Dennis is mad that he didn't get
to play one-on-one with Kobe or what do
you write about how come let me talk to
Cole what's gonna happen tomorrow at the
Nike event you said one driver stops
this is why I can't bring you with me I
told him it Bob I'm a Jersey Ohio Jersey
just stop okay guys so Kobe's coming
Dennis what happened how long there's
like six guys with it what's gonna
happen at that point try it try it I do
it in a good title thumbnail for this
video so if you do on a rush and you
know attack Kobe go Dennis are you all
Chuck are you going up Kobe watch it you
got the touch you got the touch oh I
thought mr. Grady was gonna bring
chompers on he reached over I want to go
on like this just like a tap like Kobe
Dennis he got scared oh oh well guys
let's forget Kobe for one second you
know I'm standing here chillin and my
manager comes up to me and he says what
yeah we just got you snapchat fair fight
you just got a snapchat verified I said
oh if you don't follow me on snap all
ready add me on the snap we're
officially snapchat there but it does
I'm gonna have to make more late
snapchats no more hitting my head on the
exit sign or more hitting my head oh no
that's what this oh that's fine so my
Twitter still to verify my Instagram
stills and verified but my snapchat is
and I'll take it for now god bless so
when you get snapchat verified you get
an emoji by your name I'll give you a
million dollars if you guess what emoji
a hat
soccer ball no now the pay goes down to
$500,000 if you get it right
tennis no now the pay goes down to $1
basketball yeah
do you have been balls I know you're a
dog that I have a dollar I just got
snapchat verified I don't even know how
but I'm so happy and my icon next to my
name is a basketball of course what did
you expect
okay we got all the depo DeRozan
karl-anthony towns Damian Lillard Kyrie
Irving no they don't talk to people who
didn't get customized Jersey from Nike
how are you even hearing the easiest
right now bro I got Nike Nike that sound
supposed to be right now we are finding
the basketball court so what do you want
to play in the all-star game
okay so Dennis came here as you know my
boy my friend I chose to bring it here I
think he in his head coming here as a
freakin NBA all-star is my main man
where's my name it I'm right here
wait is mine wait my name is out there
I'm one step ahead Nike sorry wait oh my
gosh we got this is so sick look we got
shoes we got Kobe's unreleased okay
they're on release
they're high-tops to our monthly
everyone's filming and Kai's on-the-spot
sneaker review what do you think in the
air well these are dope those are gonna
be another make although Kobe's right I
have no idea I'm the anti sneaker hair
this is so don't shout out to Nike so
Nike brought us over here to test out
these unreleased Kobe's I have no idea
about these things but Nike fun is over
they gave us all this out here - they
just want us to plain them and see how
they feel and so we're about to go on to
the courts you're - no there's my
favorite part of the day that's crazy
yo guys it's finally time to end this
video but before I go I just want to say
one thing
shout-out to Nike for bringing me out
here it's been such a crazy experience
so far and that was only the first day
they have a salary for the whole weekend
so thank you Nucky
so much love from me and I'm sure Dennis
in the bottom of his heart so much love
for you guys also I don't know I just
feel so blessed to be here right now
like I mentioned it in a video earlier
growing up I would like all these kids
would be wearing you know spongebob and
like Barney t-shirts and stuff and I'd
just be like wearing Nike and basketball
stuff it's been crazy it's been like a
dream come true and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I feel like this vlog
was really really lit and don't forget
the link in the description down below
go request your city for the first-ever
Bravada store I'm gonna be going on tour
I'm gonna be bringing my friends family
special guests and I want to be stopping
in a lot of different cities so please
if you guys are interested in seeing a
tour like this go vote your city because
I want to meet all of you guys the link
is in the description down below drop a
like on this video if you did enjoy
subscribe to the channel if you are new
and I hope you're looking forward to
more of these Nike basketball event
videos because we still got two more
dancing baby anyways Brandon here aka
bharata's I love you guys all and I'm
out peace
you never ever find the right word just
even there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
