what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and the video that I'm
bringing to you guys right now is not a
video that I had planned to upload today
it's not a video that I want to give you
guys and I feel really bad because I was
planning to give you guys my basketball
video today but instead I'm actually
about to leave to the hospital right now
and I didn't want to just not upload
today because yesterday I skipped an
upload for this very reason so I didn't
want to get two days in a row I feel
like I owe it to you guys the least I
could do even though I'm not giving me
my basketball game today the least I
could do is give you guys a video to
tell you why I missed and upload
yesterday and why I'm missing today
that's the least I could do for you guys
I owe you guys an explanation so two
days ago this was on Monday I was
playing basketball at the gym and I went
up for a layup so for those obviously a
lot of people know what a layup is but
for those that don't when you go up to
the hoop up to the basket and so I kind
of went up to the basket and someone
came from the side and I was in midair
so I had no control of my body
and someone kind of came and just I
don't even know if those with his elbow
or his knees it wasn't on purpose it
wasn't a dirty play at all it was an
accident but he kind of got me when I
was in midair and so obviously I had no
control of my body I had you know when
you're admitting and someone hits you
you're just that's the worst possible
thing so I hurt my back really bad and
it didn't feel that much pain at the
time at the time I kept playing you know
we just we kept playing with the game I
kept playing I finished that game and I
played another game after that and then
I went home and you know this was Monday
and I went to sleep I'm telling you the
pain was not in that bed so I went to
sleep Monday night I woke up Tuesday
when I woke up Tuesday the pain was bad
that the pain was terrible it felt
really really tight and my range of
motion from my back I couldn't move I
could not move and Tuesday that was
yesterday we had a game and so my mom
and Jackie were telling me to go to the
chiropractor so I took the day off
because I was going to go to the
chiropractor so I didn't upload
yesterday and that's why they upload
yesterday I apologize for
a lot of people that were upset that
I've been upload I do apologize I was
going to go to a chiropractor but then I
thought about it and if I went to the
chiropractor I know a hundred percent he
was going to tell me not to play my game
I just know it because the pain was
really bad I knew there was something
wrong and so I knew you would tell me
not to play my game so I decided you
know what I'm just not going to go I'll
go after my game so I postpone the
appointment I postponed
whatever the chiropractor visit until
today the next day so you know the pain
I'm telling you Monday Monday night was
it was bad but it wasn't anything I
couldn't handle you know I didn't tell
anybody I didn't make a video about it I
didn't tweet about it because who cares
it was going to go away right wrong
yesterday on Tuesday it was dad bad and
very bad to the point where you know I
could've walked I literally was sitting
down and I'm just like fuck how am I
going to play my game and obviously I
don't think it's going to be hard for
you guys to understand it but playing in
my game made it ten times worse I'm dumb
I'm an idiot I'm too stubborn when it
comes to basketball I love playing
basketball so I kept telling myself oh
you could play just fine you know the
adrenaline when you're on the court is
going to take over and you're not going
to feel any pain I was wrong
okay back injuries are nesting to mess
with if you hurt your back seriously
you're in a lot of trouble so I was an
idiot I'll be the first to admit I was
an idiot for skipping the chiropractor
and playing my game last night
that's just stupid of me like there
comes a point where it's you love
basketball and then there comes a point
of stupidity and I was just stupid of me
sometimes I got to let my love for
basketball chill a little and that's not
what I did so that's why I'm here to
bring you guys this video yesterday the
pain was bad after I played my game babe
my girlfriend doesn't want to be in this
video right now but just with your voice
how was my sleep last night oh my god it
was terrible
he literally it like I think we'd want
to sleep out like one so we tried to and
he still couldn't sleep and I tried to
massage him and that really wasn't
healthy so like at one point you almost
on the floor and it was just really bad
last night after my game I tried to go
to sleep like I couldn't fall asleep the
pain was so excruciating it just feels
like someone is stabbing my back with a
knife like multiple knife you know what
time I actually fell asleep I fell
asleep at 9:45 and I was in bed since
1:00 so I was laying in bed from 1:00 in
the morning till 9:45 without being able
to sleep it was just crazy and I didn't
want to take any pills because I'm like
I'm just going to fall asleep anyway so
there's no point to take a pill and I
was awake and awake and awake and my
girlfriend obviously my brother's hurt
he's hurt tell them without snow without
spoiling the game because my brother was
watching the game how bad was it like
watching me play like you just weren't
the same for what it says you really are
on the court that's all over the stage
yeah and they'll get the video soon but
for today I'm about to go to the
hospital guys oh so bad for my brother
yeah Brian saw the game yesterday it was
just me at least I just couldn't move on
the court so you just like he couldn't
take any shot I couldn't do anything so
yeah guys pretty much to sum it up
Monday the pain was bad you know that's
what happened but it wasn't it was
tolerable it was nothing that I was even
worried about was nothing I was scared
about Tuesday's yesterday the pain got
worse it got really bad it got back to
the point where I was literally about to
go drive over to the chiropractor but
then I wanted to play my basketball game
so I didn't go and at that point I
thought okay the pain can get any worse
it's already so bad there's no way it
can get worse
well here we are Wednesday morning and
the pain is with no exaggeration at all
this pain is something I've never felt
before I couldn't sleep at all last
night my girlfriend thank you to her
obviously shout out to her she was
literally staying up with me I mean I
kept hungry you could go to sleep she
was staying up she was massaging my back
and thank you he could not sleep like
I'm tired because I know that like he
has to be
but she kept trying to massage me and I
like sadly it didn't work but she tried
her best that's when I knew because my
girlfriend Chris takes everything she's
she's amazing she could do everything so
when she couldn't even fix my back and
she massaged it so long I was like yeah
I do need to go see a doctor
so on actually where we're about to go
today we're going to go to the hospital
I was going to go to the chiropractor
but this pain is so bad that I don't
even think a chiropractor is you know no
offense to any chiropractors out there
but I think this is something a little
more serious that's how bad it was I
mean it just took steps and steps and
steps for the worse it took Monday was
down here Tuesday was oh let me maybe go
to a chiropractor and then Wednesday is
to the point today where it's like yo
I'm not going to try to go to the
chiropractor I'm going straight to the
hospital
now here's where my apology comes in I
apologize to everybody who wanted a
video yesterday I thought I was going to
go to a chiropractor and when I decided
not to go I didn't have any footage to
upload so I apologize I could have made
some bullshit video and just threw that
out there but I don't want to do that to
you guys so I took one day off and today
I was planning on uploading my
basketball game and I woke up and I'm
just like we need to go to the hospital
right away and I was about to leave to
the hospital but then I was like yo I
can't leave you guys two days straight
without a video I would feel so shitty I
already feel shitty right now because I
know this video is not entertaining this
video is not you know comedy or fun it's
just me sitting in a chair explaining
how I hurt my back nobody wants to watch
that but I feel like I owe you guys an
explanation I feel like you know my job
this is this is my hobby there's my job
I tell my life to you guys and what's
going on in my life right now is I hurt
my back really bad I don't know the
severity of it yet we don't know exactly
how bad it is until we go to the
hospital but I just feel like yo what
kind of shitty human being would I be if
I woke up and just went to the hospital
and didn't even explain to you guys what
happened how shady would I be so I've
gone on my phone and just tweeted y'all
know upload today guys
see you tomorrow no I owe you guys an
explanation you guys do so much for me
you guys show me so much support whether
it's on YouTube in the comment section
whether it's on YouTube for the
like whether it's on Instagram whether
it's on Twitter snapchat no matter what
you got showing me so much love and so
much support some of you guys are hurt
some of you guys are sick and you still
watch my videos you guys still show me
support so the least I could do no
matter how bad I feel no matter how
shitty I feel and no matter how bad this
injury is the least I can do is put a
video out and explain what's going on I
didn't want to leave you guys empty
handed for two days straight so please
accept my apology I do feel really bad I
feel very very bad trust me when I woke
up I wasn't planning on going to the
hospital I was planning on uploading the
basketball game but sometimes stuff
happens that you can't control
trust me throws up to me I wouldn't make
myself be injured I wouldn't make myself
go to the hospital I'll make myself
upload a good video today but sometimes
life throws things at you that you can't
control and I hope you guys can accept
my apology I promise I promise no matter
what the doctor says or how bad my
injury is I'm going to help load the
basketball videos tomorrow so please
take take my promise on that
I'm not lying you're going to get that
video tomorrow but please don't expect
me to play that good because I thought I
was just going to go out there and play
normal well let me just say back
injuries are there nothing small they
are nothing to be messed with so I'm
going to go to the doctor's right now
hopefully hopefully I'm praying that
it's nothing too bad I'm hoping hoping
that it's nothing where I'm going to be
out several weeks or god forbid several
months that's the last thing I need that
is the last thing I need I'm hoping I
just got hit and it's maybe like a
little bruise in my back I don't know
I'm just hoping it's not a big deal but
to tell you guys the truth it feels
painful let me just show you guys my
range of motion do you mind recording
this really quick so much so right now
first of all if I look weird I apologize
if anyone sees me at the hospital I
apologize but I look like I just looked
weird but my range of motion this is as
far as I could turn here over here I
could turn a little more but it's when I
go down up so this is the most I can
just go down
if I go down a little bit more out
screen from pain and up yeah so imagine
me trying to play my basketball game
like this yesterday I just can't like I
don't know what the hell this is this is
not it's not okay it's not good we need
to go to the hospital we need to see
what's up one last time I feel really
bad that I'm getting that this video I
mean no one wants to watch this over a
basketball game I feel bad but if I
uploaded the basketball game yeah as you
guys know those are really long videos
so by the time I did it it will just be
way too late and who knows like this
pain is actually really bad so I'd
rather go to the hospital right now but
I do owe you guys an explanation so
that's why I'm giving you this video I'm
going to bring my camera to the hospital
I'm not sure how much exactly they let
you record over there but I'll try to
record what they say and what they do
and hopefully it's nothing too bad like
I said oh and for those who don't know
because I think I've explained this in
the blog before but that was a while
back so for those who don't know I
actually have a history of back pain I
used to go to the chiropractor every
single month or was it every week I
don't know it was I used to consistently
go to a chiropractor ever since I was
like 17 or 18 years old and they used to
have to align my dad they used to have
to massage me and just do all these
treatments because I've always had lower
back pain so back pain has always been
an issue for me and I stopped going to
the chiropractor once I started doing
YouTube because believe it or not
YouTube does take a lot of your time so
I don't really have that much time just
to go out and do what I want so I
stopped going to the chiropractor which
is why this is already scary for me it's
scary because I have a history with back
pain nothing bad like this trust me and
this is why it's scary again because
I've had back pain I've been to the
chiropractor I've heard what he has to
say and this hurts even more than when I
used to go so you know when I used to go
it was just because I would play way too
much
I wouldn't stretch before I played
because I would just be too happy to
play so I wouldn't really give myself
time to stretch and I would just play
for hours and hours and hours and hours
and not get myself rest so my lower back
started you know it started tightening
up so I'll go to the chiropractor every
single month and I stopped going and now
I get hit
this this is the first time that my back
is injured from someone actually hitting
it that's never happening before
obviously like I said complete accident
I know the guy you know he was asking if
I was okay I'm cooling it but I've had
lower back pains from just playing over
a long period of time never from someone
actually hitting it so there's the first
time I think I need to head over to the
hospital right now I apologize for the
last time please accept my apology guys
and you're going to get the basketball
video tomorrow today I just I need to
rush over to the hospital in case this
is something bad anyways I hope you guys
I guess you could say enjoyed this video
I don't want to say enjoy but I hope you
guys at least understand and I'm not
asking for any likes or anything on this
video just I hope you guys enjoy the
rest of your Wednesday I hope you have a
better one day than me I hope you've had
a better last three days than I have
these past Monday Tuesday Wednesday you
know I've never really want to complain
about my days because I'm living such a
blessed life I'm living such such a good
life you know super super hot girlfriend
and I'm doing what I love as a job my
hobby is my job so I'm very blessed
obviously I live with a really loving
family and I love all my family members
so I never really complain I'm sure
there's a lot of people out there who
are going through much worse than me so
that's why I don't like to complain but
these past three days let me tell you
they have been paying filled they have
been filled with pain and this past
night I was in bed from 1:00 a.m. to
9:00 a.m. without sleeping closing my
eyes trying to sleep for eight hours
it's bad but let's just hope that it's
nothing too serious let's just hope he
gives me I don't know maybe some
painkillers or something and yes anyways
sorry guys and I hope you have a great
rest of your Wednesday peace out guys
and I love you guys all oh that was cute
Bobbi it is I'm a ghost doesn't Brian
wait to make fun of me what I'm
especially yeah where is it lower back
it's medium rare what do you think the
doctor is going to say I think I'm
hoping this brains can you strain your
back
we'll see you guys hit picking stuff and
guys this is how I actually know the
injuries bad when I'm actually going to
the hospital that's how I know it's bad
because I don't know if you guys
remember but when I had the hand injury
where it was really swollen and bruised
I didn't even go to the hospital and
that pain was terrible so the fact that
I'm actually going today shows just how
bad this pain is but don't worry no
matter what the doctor says I'm playing
my basketball game next week
there is no question I'm playing in my
game next Tuesday I got six days to heal
or actually less because I'm probably
going to go to the gym tomorrow to play
basketball now I'm just joking about
these stupid well I don't know if I'm
joking or not but I'm for sure playing
in my game on Tuesday my team needs me
and I'm not letting them down
