we got fuck-boy we got rug sup guys we
gotta wing it
what's up can you take over the video
quiet what's going on the broad is here
in game four waters Hey okay God what's
up guys Brendan you're a gay bro I can't
wear this what's going on you guys
Brandon here aka four waters and today
I'm bringing you a brand new video with
big drawers say drugs and before we
start lime just get into well going
really quick this is actually a game
ward Devin Booker Jersey wait you can't
tell from how freakin oh he left you
thus I didn't even know that this is a
Devin Booker game-worn Jersey from
summer league the Sun gave us me when I
went down to Phoenix for a game they
came to my feet and surprise me with it
and they also surprise me with an
interview they interview me so shout out
to the sons this is a while back but
anyways today we are bringing you guys a
phone pic mini games or yearly look at
it Ryan's milking the shit out of this
trend a time for me to hop on milk
machine out of this video - so I've
never made a foam pit video yet there's
going to be my first one so I hope you
guys do enjoy it we're going to be
playing three different mini games we me
and I were just killing you know we're
just throwing foam blocks on each other
we were just bored we were at home and
we're sitting bad like let's just make a
video so we decided minigame number one
we're going to try to see how high we
can stack these obviously the winners
are one step it below is without it
falling and it's like super super hard
round two is going to be we're going to
put I don't know like a dildo in the
middle of the back trying to dive in and
find it so it's like needle in the
haystack
first one to find it wins and then round
three Anthony would you please show them
the really expensive basketball hoop
yeah careful careful oh sorry I forgot
so this is like the ones that actually
NBA user classified official basketball
hoops and so we're going to stand down
the middle and try to shoot into the
basket
so three mini games but you just can't
tuck is not like no official like sighs
yeah soccer it's not that's why it look
how much weird yeah we lower the who but
it's on to the official who's with you
anyways guys all before we start having
really
Marcel apology and sincere apology I
haven't gone a haircut in six days I
know I don't like six months not really
it looks like a month I like my hair
blue superdude I love riding bike in
fighting a handgun for one month I was
going to trap myself in the room and I
smell but bright let's take you along
here so it doesn't matter but don't fret
guys I'm gonna swimming tomorrow first
thing in the morning so I do apologize
but Brian Christine let's wait do this
like let's get start and jump in the
back okay
are you the director or yeah do it do it
don't put that in view it will look cool
okay let's get started do it yeah yeah
we couldn't do any like dangerous stunts
as part of the minigames cuz Bryan is
still hurt
wow I've been wow guys and if you're
wondering well I have a smile on my face
a full video is because first of all the
Phoenix Suns wanted a bright house crazy
on us oh my oh my god Ryan oh god oh my
god Tyler fucking you is broke fuck I
fucking love him what can they show we
buy those crazy oh my god I can't
breathe right I got four seconds left
tie game three-pointer to win oh my god
no sprint this is how people react when
people win like the world fucking
championship and so it that I like this
cuz Phoenix doesn't won one game look at
a buzzer beater shoutout BBN Chow
Kentucky fans Tyler Ulis was the real
deal I love it I like crazy
Brian put on a Sunday at least but
anyways that's not the only mountain
that and also because I'm soon as we're
home this video I'm gonna go play
basketball lucky I can't wait long price
alright so I'm gonna wrap in the stack
right right is it Tiger just what we
cannot wait so I'm going to go so it
right I'm gonna fix it I'm professional
there's no it's no time not time so
we'll wait for it what boy King but once
you go ready set go
all right one Devin Booker - this is not
a race hurry up all right it's just a
good stack at the hub - evil though what
time is it not worried
how are you late Alan will you uh you're
not going to make the whole son's run
Markie's quick shoutout me half five
blocks today five blocks in the game
crimes already tilted is it really I've
been trying to ask me - in person I'm
gonna win the first round I always go
hard the first round and the second
hunter and called it
I guess you could call this one two
three
O'Brien who made the rule take off up to
eight hey that's Tyler you'll run it
never if I can get nine in here I want
to just enough skip Rogers done
you're the doll right again I'm right up
so Brian at nine I have one two three
four five six seven eight so if you drop
this no pressure but if you drop it
you're done for this time and one more
food what are you standing no no it's
over it's actually over - have you guys
heard of the dunk contest
let me to tell you after he did yep
there you go too high for Jimmy wait
wait wait this is not fun unless the
loser has a punishment there watch me
no the loo they're gonna get that fixed
tonight I already have right what the
fuck is dead oh hey it's weird setting
up the night game find the needle in the
haystack how does it turn here we're
trying we're sending up the middle for
the needles I hate but no I sell another
on mail or whatever right how can you
accuse me I'm scared i ain't one year so
that's not right I called going to hell
okay
500k know what you catch Sigma also
gonna do that ticket God is not Arabic
speak
this is ticket mommy enters come on
seven
I agreed oh dear ago well what do you
ask
how are you love a dog is already
shaking there's one two three four five
six seven eight for Brandon one two
three four five six seven eight nine for
buying me tonight yep now Brandon test
night I just in mind well honey if you
can get that nice $1 more cheater are
you holding yours are not making sure
before I okay one another one more one
two three four five six I mean I need
one more let's go close okay you guys
wanna do this shit Jesse how'd you put
general your plank I'm so easy I'll say
okay pink working sorry wait this is not
gonna wear pink for pinky you know her
fucking fingers let me laughable work or
nub wait for me Brian ago okay now I go
know it you can level it you got okay
okay you are round one I vow to possibly
more than that and hit the especilly
maybe oh it is really real right no fuck
you how does that do it well how did
that get on the cube I'm scared to jump
in the middle German it was because if
you guys really want to know me and
Brian were trying to put that sign right
this is for rent on basel ii then the
know where is everyone all Bosley add
some jacket okay like that here oh okay
yes you actually do it we know if you're
a real expunge box a music you all the
ball one yard I may be in the middle
here so me and Brian don't cheat will
let Anthony plus the Lansing decided put
it anywhere you want to put the camera
down
I know don't look those don't worry l
know literally go to
they're going to get out oh it's in
business okay let me where we guys
all jump oh I'm going to put it over the
other corner on message read wait shit
can I go there in the courtroom from top
so close guys real quick so you tell
them where it is no it's right over
right turn bitch okay ready not right
before we before we start I want a if I
pretty much was doing I can find an idol
but that's all I will go into deep
depression come on you're not jumping
from right there yeah how do you how are
you going to start gotta put your back
with all the bail is so sick cause when
we go okay ready go set go this is 1
foot oh I knew you got it so funny
oh no I'm we're different this year the
corner I really did it every square
that's sort of gone hey you care about
the block you pussies gonna take care of
of the blog
I thought I ate it I didn't find it for
me cats although hey doll loudly caribou
V you have to be in there is the foot
impact of your animal heads of that
Mouse oh this one can't be a tie you
have to find you know what else
fuck why you forgetting you're talking
no it's not if it's so funny
I'm not everybody's mad my life what
about the decide to lose to a
buzzer-beater seven games this today
this video would it be going on if they
didn't I know I'll be the first in my
room get suck no way you know yeah
exactly
oh no I expected Brian today that what I
did oh my god please make it official
what the hell
this one's Brooklyn last time come on
it was on the calendar is on the couch
all right think about it if you lose
this next one Brandon you're out no I'll
get a yellow yellow the words no I hate
red yeah man how are you hello
I'm taking my earrings off fellas danger
it doesn't Postma's yong-dae no I'm
sorry but I literally added like an
extra week of recovery I'll have a
complaint on star according elbow is it
we played one big ass think about it
Brian be you the broken foot bring-bring
thanks I know what I wanted to Matty
program it wasn't there with your
positive I swear to god is it according
okay calm down for the last time
anything we tie the first one and I lost
the second one if we be real TDH what
are you explaining what we're doing yeah
whoa whoa whoa my wrist is still not
fully healed only report on each airport
you know what we'd report and hurt it
hey nose recruit for yeah everything
sports fanatic no he'll go ahead boy my
god lately sorry what did you say you
don't go hey hey hey hey cool tree for
this challenge we're going to stand back
in the middle of the foam pit obviously
the official have a basket and we're
going to see how long it takes us to
make one shot so if I major on my first
try obviously better but for me if it's
the more times it makes me the worst
crime you know no Brian won that last
now until you start so I just hop in the
middle you just down the middle pick
them up and shoot it right here look
I'll be the crowd hmm
you know what does update give you all
the fucking balloons
yes wait
hmm can you get fuck off the car take
your coat hmm
shut over one
next take the monkeys aren't you married
up Oh for two souls I got Yahoo Jordan
at the line
Oh for free how many shots me gagging
this one that's open three plus one one
for 25% we got laundry truck I like how
Brandon knows every percentage no matter
what number I don't even know what one
of four percent is I'll decide to easily
complete your percentage of the TV show
eighty-one percent
I learned that today okay yeah you want
me to go home for one fuck you we do -
you all right North Shore I'd blown it
ride blue follow me Brandon below one
for four leads is right
hey brother oh shit yeah this is you
lose rented I'm not wearing this shit
for nothing I'm not waiting for nothing
getting done behind you almost
prophesied earlier on your head my god
no that would not be his head I'll be
his body I'm trying to distract it
shangela
okay I would if you business
Oh Brandon who misses you'll loved every
day
fuck you I'm visit I love the book you
can say if I mr. Donnell Jackie don't
fuck a Miss find your fold on the line
oh my god oh my god Randy no no oh my
god you believe me
oh my god oh fuck Bryan but look at it
done that was one again okay look I will
shit look literally just one here okay
hold on right here easy PC what I shoot
like regulars and it's not under
pressure
wow this is a fuckin altro come here no
no no no where's the egg here cook you
okay guys so we got the loser here
I had no wings I've tied the first round
and lost two in a row look old hit
master now Bryan the foam pit master
he's only been defeated once and that
was defeated by a leg I only added
crippled this whole videos yeah now
Roger beat me fair and square
actually no my theory is still we'll
find out in the editing program but when
I look down I feel like Anthony has the
food section fucking cook behind me
never there
how did he get under the scene because
he's through a hard ha ok but anyway
guys I promised you a more entertaining
video today instead of just a regular
vlog - is it working - for those who
enjoy my daily vlogs more than videos
like this I apologize but I feel like
this video was much more entertaining so
sadly our loss but you got to give it up
to the winners whoo go Pedro's dance oh
he beat me and there's absolutely no
Singlish so promotion dude anyway guys
thanks for stopping by and watching this
video if you excited - really fuck you I
get feedback and rest upon this video we
might do a part 2 are you busy maybe
when Brian split heels we could do some
more dangerous stunts instead of you
know build to the top and shoot it - I'm
not going to bail out fun I don't play
basketball I'm had the advantage there
but oh tons of successful but anyways
guys thanks so much for watching this
video it really is time to go play
basketball - tomorrow I got an ear can
appointment thank you so much for
watching Brian thanks for watching guys
folks will drop a light on the thank you
for watching why your face come on
you're hot hungry oh my god oh god I did
it actually they actually didn't even
focus on my face
where is the cow dung okay we're just
just for the end of the vid this make
one from here Anthony I can't make over
the deer who this is how it's trying to
make what that's a fair hold I would've
went in back to it women alright make
one for the back alright
no backspin wait I can end this video
without making 100 so it is in it okay
okay okay pause wheezes loudly what were
you doing here breath oh wait stay down
oh my god Lunada stop it was recording :
okay guys in case you can't tell my mom
and dad are out on a date and we're
having way too much fun by ourselves we
could pause we oh my god when does the
orgy start and already started forgot
see the whole gap in the man said yeah I
mean Jackie's not here someone has to do
it for me it is time to close this video
wait oh my god how long has any don't
scare him away let me zoom into him oh
he got up Anthony bitch how does he look
so funny in the middle of all the food
away by it I can save the food for later
right
ok guys now it's official it's time to
go play basketball
shout out Tyler Ulis Devin Booker Eric
Bledsoe Allen Williams marquees crepes
dragon vendor TJ one Derrick Jones jr.
shoutout
