what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Pilates and before I jump into this
video I just want to say one thing so
last night you know I was going through
my recent YouTube videos kind of just
watching them over and I noticed that I
don't want to say they were boring but
they weren't as entertaining as they
could be so what I'm doing right after I
record this video I'm gonna hop on
Amazon and I'm just going to order I
guess a bunch of gadgets I'm just going
to search around and find a bunch of
cool things to do for my videos kind of
like if you guys notice Bryan ordered a
bunch of the foampit
or one time you order that lie-detector
test just little stuff like that I don't
think there's anything wrong with daily
vlogging I love vlogging but sometimes
you got to change it up sometimes I want
to do some cool videos so right after I
finish this video I'm a hop on Amazon
and see if there's any little cool
gadgets or cool devices that I could
order so stay tuned for videos in the
future that might involve some of those
things and if you guys hats on my
content boring or less entertaining
reasoning over this past week or two I
do apologize I didn't notice - last time
I was going through my videos and I'm
like you know what I could be doing a
much better job instead of just daily
vlogs so I do apologize for that anyways
let's hop into this video so today I'm
going to be reacting to a video that was
recorded way before I even had a YouTube
channel and way before my brother even
hit 1 million subscribers this is what
my brother was honestly I don't even
know this was 2 years ago so he had I
don't know I said a couple hundred
thousand subs which is crazy to think
about now because he has 4.5 million
which is just crazy it's amazing hats
off to my brother a pat on the back
pretend this is Brian's back not my bad
Brian Congrats that's crazy
he went from a couple hundred thousand
subs to 4.5 million in two years Brian
I'm super proud of you congratulations
on that so in this video this was before
I even had a YouTube channel this is
before Brian was even known as a
prankster so no one in the family was
really expecting his pranks he wasn't
known as a prankster I sure as hell
wasn't expecting pranks at this point
this is what Brian public's out on top
he's like you know what no one is
expecting me to do pranks because now
every time Brian does something were
like is it a prank in the prank this is
when nobody knew of Brian as the one who
did pranks so he probably felt so almond
get it easily bubble and it works
if frigging work so let's just watch
this video and see what my mischievous
brother was up to what's going on guys
yeah crime looks so young and cute well
then we're going to be making a 1v1 for
my channel today won't we want to call a
nudie so he's sitting in my room right
now it looks good this room yes suggest
me to make him a cozy shake objects come
back to the gym like 20 minutes ago but
I remembered
I bought a rose to make a challenge
video with my cousin Journal of people
so there's basically disgusting
disgusting jellybeans guys hold on first
of all I don't know which girl he was
with them but she might have had a
vampire Fang casaya exposed two kids
girls whoever the fuck it was nan de
joking but anyways Brian looks so so
young he looks so different and when it
showed me in the little clip at the top
I had no beard I had like I just looked
super different as well but uh yeah like
Ron said I had just got back from the
gym and he had asked me to make a video
with him so I told him I said okay so
I'm going to make a video with you can
you please make me my protein shake
because this is when I lift regularly oh
by the way guys let me just say
something I always get depressed when I
see old videos because I used to be I
wasn't huge I would never like super
muscular but I was I used to be much
bigger than I am right now I used to be
much bigger than I am right now
and that's because before I did YouTube
I used to have way more free time on my
hands yeah I work two jobs but it wasn't
as time consuming as YouTube believe it
or not two jobs in the real world and I
still had more free time than me doing
YouTube so when I had more free time I
would go to the gym all the time
I was lift weights I would stay there
for hours so I used to be much bigger
and now obviously it's insides of
YouTube and I have a girlfriend this was
before I had a girlfriend I had way more
free time and I'll always live and drink
protein shakes and I was getting much
bigger and I was cut and I had muscles
and now I haven't listed and so long
because I just don't have time and I
freakin look like a twig and I look like
Squidward's from fucking sponge balls
and it's still
are depressing on me to watch old videos
like this and see how I used to have
muscle and now I'm just fucking skinny
but anyway just keep watching those are
disgusting if you haven't tried them
they taste like ass not so good ass
I mean ass like bad ass
okay so Brian make me my protein shake
he blended it how just waiting upstairs
for him for us to make a video yeah he I
asked him if he blended it because I
don't usually blend my protein shakes
but he obviously blended because he put
the fucking jelly beans in there that's
why when I felt I was like wait did you
blend this because but I'm like whatever
he doesn't know how to make protein
shake that's fine watching the San Diego
Chargers game no more San Diego Chargers
all the way I say to the interpreter
could have been 21 I didn't even know he
was recording at this point well hey I
will join the team bring them really
okay our may look huge then you want my
arms to look so much nicer I'm such a
pussy now and Tarwater for H I wish I
had more time it's kind of bad oh no no
something else going to be bad I used to
love the story hey what's going on guys
from here and today I it was no
different actually been requesting him
being in my videos for a really long
time like I read all my heart got two
more minutes
oh my gosh how times have changed before
I made a YouTube channel you guys would
request me to be in Brian's videos you
guys would comment we want more of your
brother and now you guys fucking hate me
why spongebob why oh my god I look so
shy and nervous for the intro hey what's
going on guys hey bro here
I'm not even on talk on camera over here
during today actually that's another
video with my brother's one so god and
today we're actually doing a lumpy model
Call of Duty but I
using a sniper and he's going to be
using an assault rifle because it's not
fair to use a secretary isn't nice every
Oh bride will think you're good
no I know but we're watching the
Chargers game right now my brother is
just going to be focused on that route
to possession on fourth and one and you
don't go for it I don't remember when I
drink with smoothie so I don't want to
fence forward and miss the part again
the challenge blood or OGG so just like
this fucking caps with over your setup
online you would never be able to
channel again and I will never make a
video game but I doubt have actually
done that and blaziken's they've oh the
top open up you're my top like that's
like that's was no ill ill ill oh my god
Brian face did you see him fucking
sneaky Brian sneaky this is what he was
starting to become a prankster I see
that face by it
please look at his face oh my god little
sneaky Brian look at him he's like oh my
god he tasted it
what the fuck are y'all I finish it I
use fucking whey protein the chocolate
went broke
fucking well I thought he put like a
different protein in the fuck is it bad
right
he said what did it taste like we're
good I said what's the fucking you could
what's the thing and just focus it bad
worth it now can you imagine me already
this person systems in a dream on option
nutrition like a huge box office smaller
see I just thought you put the wrong
protein yeah not anything anything only
half way off
great protein ya can take to my Jail
yeah denier we had a little bit less
than the date with I don't know the date
but yeah he then at this point I thought
he put me expired milk glut oh really
okay then I found out the milk wasn't
acquired right again the entire but the
kala Cooper confused at this point
oh look our daddy oh no here goes again
here it goes good but see like if this
happened now after the first step out of
in my Brian what's the head out have
been like making but that by here two
years ago like I said nobody expected
anything of good old Brian no one knew
him as a prankster so I kept drinking
and I'm still like what is going on you
know is the protein bad is the milk bad
I still didn't suspect Brian to do this
what lies on the effect but try it I
mean you told me to make you a protein
shake right oh shit Tommy we know
exactly why can or can't out well thanks
fuckin broad you should million fucking
Brody never I decided to add some demons
love jelly beans
no you did not
no you did not take it right off oh no
no that was me oh and just a friend
it's a prank but we're starting to
dissipate your damn protein chain Thelma
catch it
guys my brother asked me to make my
second in a jam and show them out
workout flappin going to my fuzzy shake
before you fuck before we record it
before you spoke
I'm sorry I'm sorry I asked to be done
is I haven't got to be rude oh I've had
them for like three days and good on you
Lavinia yet but for our subscribers wait
two things one I haven't seen this video
and so long that I forgot I said for
Brian subscribers and I drink it see it
see how much love I have not only for my
own subscribers but for my brother
subscribers but second look at Brian
face he says why would you do that
look watch was that's so funny Kanani we
did Brian but still friend that I
thought of in five minutes and it was
pervy is all perfectly fine and stuff
okay
so really quick in case you notice
there's still over a minute and a half
left on this video but Brian's doing the
outro right now
Brian's not me his outros don't take
five or six minutes cuz he doesn't
repeat himself a million times like me
Brian doesn't outro really fast so if
you're wondering yo Brian's already
doing his outro why there's still such a
long time left on the video
well because I'm sitting there like you
know yo I don't have a YouTube channel
I've never pranked anybody on camera so
I'm not sure how this is supposed to
work but correct me if I'm wrong but if
you get pranked are you supposed to get
revenge so I'm sitting there like yellow
the cameras already on Brian's about to
end the video how can I get revenge so
you know I just got up and just just
watch the end Brian thought you were
doing now from the video done which
wants to end out we're really close to
doing this longing one my brother Oliver
that's alright well I thought about it
but at a perfect perfect prank
opportunity making a mess movie like a
fuck you Brian protege smoothie like all
these I'm going to do something to that
but yet you guys actually want to see
the 1v1 burger let me know in the car
cause a I'm doing a strong know that
they will do that one
Bobby is annoying
thank you what that literally knocked
off and went on it here do I get another
place we've got to slow motion one last
time again oh my god
watch it hat but impact was fucking hard
it would like the great khali - slash or
the big show
laughs my god you are talked about in
super their fucking behind right office
I really can't hear from my ear okay
what what I'm good monitor oh my god got
me back Oh minute after I just pranked
it oh dear just call me back okay
no okay all in my ear like me what the
hell I remember he asked me to record
that part and I'm like wait how do you
use this camera guys oh my god life was
so different before I started my channel
literally mean boozled in my protein
shake that literally okay guys that
prank backfire
okay guys so that's the end of that
video just a few things I would say
before closing out the video 1 we look
so freaking different this one's
literally less than two years old like a
year and a half I had no beard I had
like I don't kind of a different haircut
not really but just a much much younger
face and Bryan had a way younger face we
just looked so different and I was so
like shy and awkward and nervous on
camera if you notice in the introns like
this I was all stiff and nervous and
like I said when Bryan asked me to
record that end part
I was like wait how do I use this camera
and now a year and a half later this is
not frickin life using the camera and
talking on camera it's my freakin life
that's so weird
that's crazy I don't know what made me
think of revenge but I was like yeah I
could stay here and just get pranked or
I could just get some instant revenge on
Bryan so
so I decided to do and did honestly like
bloomed Brian into a prankster like at
this time he was known as they call of
duty' youtuber and everyone in the house
just knew Brian has oh yeah that's the
kid who just stays in the room all day
and play video games all my cousins knew
Brian as oh that's the kid who just
played xbox or ps3 all day that's what
we knew Matt but ever since this and so
on it's on it's on he just started doing
more pranks and more pranks and before
you know it every time Brian did
something Brian is this a joke it's just
a prank so now he's just suppressor like
I said I had to drink it like two or
three times before I even suspected
anything because he never used to prank
anyone and now the evil mischievous
Brian is on a mission every day to prank
someone
so guys I just thought this video was so
funny because of all the aspects I
pointed out how we just looked so
different and acted so much more shy and
nervous on camera oh and obviously those
like I said I'm not the strongest guy in
the world in the video heck I might be
that strong but it was way nicer and I
was much bigger than what I am now I
still can't believe I had two jobs at
this point I was working at a grocery
store and I was also working online
I was the editor-in-chief of a Phoenix
Suns section of an international sports
site so I was the editor-in-chief for an
online writing website and I was working
at a grocery store and I still had more
free time then than I do now
I'll tell me I need to go to the gym I
would play basketball for like two or
three hours and then I was live for like
an hour the gym literally used to be my
second home I used to spend just as much
time at the gym as I do at home you
think I go to the gym a lot now no I
just go to play basketball now before I
would go to play basketball just as much
and then imagine that extra hour to
listing all the trainer's knew me there
I do miss it I'm not gonna lie miss
spending that much time there but you
grow up you get priorities and you got
to get your priorities straight that's
how life works and then I would come
home I would drink protein shake and I
was getting bigger I was getting more
cut and I was super happy and then first
like I was girlfriend before I started
YouTube so that cut into my time a
little bit getting a girlfriend and then
I started YouTube so that cut into my
time a lot and now I want to go to
play basketball I don't have time to
play basketball and workout and
obviously I'm not going to put lifting
weights over basketball because
basketball comes first I'm not gonna lie
every time I see old pictures or old
videos of myself when I used to have
more muscle and I weighed more and I was
bigger I do get a little depressed so
after this video before I do the Amazon
shopping speed I might take a little bit
of time and just reminisce on the
moments when I used to lift weights and
drink protein shakes and get big and no
so skinny now I'm like a fucking twig
you know what everyone just call me
doodles
whenever you see me in public just say
hey noodles how's it going because
that's what I am guys I'm so depressed I
used to wear tight shirts and they would
cup a little bit around my arms now I
wear tight shirts and I just look like
fucking Squidward twig but anyway guys
thank you so much for watching the video
like I said much more entertaining and
much much funner videos coming soon
whatever I decide to buy from Amazon
hopefully they have some really nice
things for some videos anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
do apologize again if you thought my
videos past couple videos have been
boring I am sorry I apologize once again
and yet thanks for stopping by and
watching this video and I hope you enjoy
the rest of your Sunday peace guys
