I don't know I'm thinking about yeah Bob
Jackie go on duck call your Jackie go
you know you want to the foampit Jackie
no I look like Rhonda Allison okay okay
jack is gonna so we heard young just go
with your mom just do it just like Jane
yeah listen man
my family is evil after Brian got hurt
when he sprained his foot I told my mom
and dad I'm like yo let's not jump in
the foam pit we only had it for a couple
hours and Brian already strained his
foot I know it looks fun but it's too
dangerous
I already saw Brian sprained it but I
don't want to see anyone else in my
family hurt one day later my I see my
dad freaking jumping into the foam pit
and then I see Brian jumping with his
sprained foot he threw his crutches to
the side and jumped right after he
sprained his foot so I'm like okay you
know what there's no stopping my dad
there's no stopping Brian so I went to
my girlfriend I was like hey babe you
know Brian's not listening my dad isn't
listening so how about you listen you
know no jumping in the foam pit very
dangerous my evil family all I hear
Jackie Jackie go Jackie
jump Jackie jump and I'm just like oh my
god I just don't want to see her get
hurt I don't want to see my dad get hurt
I don't want to see Brian get hurt I
told them not to do it they don't listen
so I told Jackie not to it all I hear is
my family cheering her on Jackie Jackie
and I come out to her jumping my family
is evil again Hey not unlike me go Lynn
and he'll take 20 minutes for that to go
everybody do this with it wait I just
don't know
that's me that's me I didn't know go
Tommy can do first for buddy no it's
right now you know ya know not bleep up
you have dinner oh my god begin your
baby okay lucky I did that I did it it
okay I did but there's not enough he
didn't quite and I am she yourself what
you don't want to say but God do parts
for me because when Jackie jump my dad
was like oh she's heard but jackie was
denying it she's like no I'm not I
didn't even hurt we think she was lying
we think she got her issue adjust too
shy or too embarrassed to say it so in
this last clip I don't think she knew
she was in the camera frame but if you
look closely you can clearly tell she's
her she literally goes out and then she
starts walking up the stairs super
slowly I don't think she knew that she
was in the camera frame more than say
thank you for thank you guys for
watching Jaffa like wait I want to hate
you would put tube
week
have you ever lifted away in your life
we gas out guys hold on guys hold on
guys hold on I just fucking hit the
chairs and knocked it out
wait babe get me out here's the fuckin
big broke out oh I can't get up Babel
holy shit
hold on all my shoulders riot you light
up
you might not know no one's injured
thank you thank you for laughing it up :
see how my shoulder Larry please sorry
cool out guys hold on man
guys hold on I just fucking hit the
chairs and knock it out you Lily please
salutely that's my thing you're really
we're never getting rid of assault it
this is so fun what's this what are you
gonna leave tomorrow
Wow
can we have sex on here hey yeah one
after Hey okay my injury was for sure
career-ending thou the shoulder injury
at least it's not career-ending right
just season ended yes Brian stayed away
from the career-ending injury I have all
he died like you could have been Brandon
Roy no but Brandon Roy was someone who
had so much potential he was so good but
he just had a bunch of injuries and he
had to stop playing I know it look see
Brian Derrick Rose it's a seasoning
injury but he's coming back it could
have been like Brandon Roy god I miss
watching Brandon Ward play he would have
been so good let's go boy
David birthday boy
oh now you're happy two undefeated team
me and Ollie are going to stand watch
this game because a bunch of our boys
are playing on this team everybody on
this team we know everyone we're close
marriages Hall of Fame LA Fitness Hall
of Fame so we're going to stay and watch
this game babe you're not allowed to say
go baby for this
until they uh devour them so they devour
them
guys look what Justin's wearing a full
long sleeve with long compression tights
and look robbing - Robins wearing the
long sleeve solos wearing the t-shirt a
some David bro it's freezing in here I'm
not exaggerating when I say that it's
freaking cold I don't even know how we
play on my fingers yeah I got approval
because it's like in the mountains down
the hill see EJ's really just playing
without sleeves or a t-shirt or anything
like Robin let's go
oh yeah you know we have to support our
bois you know just in solo David EJ
Robin wears a nice hat
oh right there David's birthday boy
throw this team the White team is big
Lucas is the smallest player is like
double my size look they got three
centers on the team there big bro you
got boogie and Anthony Davis
yeah boogie and Anthony Davis and Dante
Cunningham oh they need your size always
getting old and I can't keep up with
these kids
god this team needs all these sides they
could have used him guys
let me put myself in Jackie's shoes so
I'm recording just like Jackie but hey
yeah say it's hey go go babe go go babe
oh shit oh so loud
who's my babe probably Justin guys that
Jordan's brother for those who don't
know it's out the door and I shout out
Jordan times pretty safe oh we gave him
a long enough Scott out last time four
times - Jordan shout out Jordan go baby
yeah I called Justin looking in I kind
of laggy looking for them yeah Oh AJ is
looking good well any of the babe short
nice yeah Ali so you could potentially
gold-digging I got dibs on that oh is it
be yeah hey I got Justin though the
compression type and the long sleeve
compression shirt wild babe you have a
hard job recording and tango baby this
stuff but like I see how hard it is yeah
the cameras I give Jackie credits you
have to hold the camera all game
stand up and also commentate and while
also trying to pay attention to the game
shout out babe
all he wants to play on this team so bad
we didn't get ya you won't get off the
court
go make a three
get all three from half-court
yeah I'm gone home I would have made it
though
my guy here is bad he's been the clock
game so far this team is fucking huge
they're running like a one point guard
for center line up one guard for centers
okay guys so it's 52 51 with 21 seconds
left our boys are winning our boys got
the lead the Vegas odds but the white
team is at the line getting cuter one
I'm not sure okay guys so one-point game
our boys are waiting it's freezing cold
in here and the white team is shooting
free-throws you have a girlfriend
cheering him on on the bench let's go
babe holy miss oh that's a lane
violation Oh
two shots okay guys so one more shot
let's see if there's going to be a choke
or if you're going to come through
clutch energy loading ice insane does he
have D loading ice in his veins are you
gonna go bruh wadis choke that out oh my
god he missed both Jimmy's boat they got
a foul now okay so they fouled Wow he
missed so clicking David getting right
David the game's not over David you got
a jacket on a shoot coming off I said
I'm a shooting right here execution to
see execution is critical
who they going to give the ball to to
shoot these clutch free-throws is a
dream work oh my god okay so my boy is
gonna cute some free throws it's
flagrant let's see if Justin's gonna
come up clutch or not oh yes literally
sick okay zone is your baby you go baby
baby I give you so much credit my hands
are freezing how do you record the whole
game shout-out to my girlfriend okay
first shot going up Oh clutch one more
one more one oh my oh no oh no Maude
Oh
Oh half much time out two-point game 14
seconds is an eternity oh yeah 40
seconds in basketball like 14 years of
life
it's crazy back to my girlfriend babe
really I gotta give you more credit not
only does she hold the camera for 45
minutes straight but she also has to pan
around and pay attention to the whole
game while also recording and she also
gives commentary isn't that right you
know she she reminds her for commentary
Doris worth telling myself she is or no
Mike Breen
like green on hand winner loss Waner
loss again Pope oh my god my pet she
almost got knocked
David halfway out the door thanks to the
game 16700 ten seconds left
pokey traps oh he got rid of it oh oh
wow clutch defensive play clutch defense
PJ Tucker that's PJ Tucker defense right
there oh man I don't know about PJ
Tucker defense okay he just got a hit
both okay hopefully you won't choke with
two shots let's see come on you know
first ones up and everything a vlogging
camera before that's why you've never
been on YouTube or making a half more
like a commute oh my god let's see so
next one and okay three-point game no
time
oh he bailed them out
let's see overtime or the boys going to
win right this is defense a foul on the
shot babe I give you so much credit I'm
have to give you a pep talk at home of
how proud I am of you for recording all
these games you know we all got to give
it up to Jackie right now one round of
applause from the whole broad squad for
recording all these games bro odd squad
oh oh no you don't need to know that you
don't need that oh my god you do not
need that Wow
Chris let him know you don't need that
you don't need that wow they did not
need that that wasn't too smart the
basketball i.q
yeah guys this thing's over this thing
is over
this thing's over I know he didn't try
to talk shit yo guys so I guess that
dude got mad because when he threw the
past all the way onto the other damn
core I don't know where you were thrown
at you me and all he said this thing is
over we weren't even talking shit we
said that because the game was literally
over actually do that pass so I guess
you got mad for that way I guess he got
mad that we were supporting on stretch
instead of his team I don't know but he
tried to say some shit and I'm just like
yo bro this shit's over
I don't get why he was talking shit to
us we weren't even playing in the damn
game so I just find that pretty funny
his own teammates were laughing about it
though they were like yeah that was a
bad pass so I don't get why he got all
but her but in my head I'm just like I
know he's not talking shit to us we're
just here supporting our friends we
didn't even say anything bad so yeah
guys like I said what a lot of people
don't understand there without this girl
right here there would be no basketball
game
yeah without her right here there would
be no basketball game day vlog so one
round of applause for this girl right
here whoo shoutout Jackie you can't
handle the limelight solo I never never
seen a camera before it was him I won
going on the net all day
he told it sold out there David went
halfway out the door was fuckin one
minute left you trying to get out of
here so fast
for the love of God pick him up from
here he's dying to play bro pick him up
on the team he's I know he's trying to
get sympathy we're all talking he's out
there shooting free throws yeah I'll
leave so I'm not making it Rose I trying
to show you guys you could still ball Oh
Oh what is it a private workout front of
the team private workout for the team yo
I haven't promoted my social media in so
long it's been much I'd say maybe even
almost a year since I promoted any of my
social media on my YouTube video so if
you guys watch my videos and you want to
follow me outside of youtube if you want
to follow my Twitter Instagram or
snapchat I'm active on all of those I
love using social media I'm always on my
phone so if you want to get my Twitter
Instagram or snapchat the links are on
the description go ahead and give me a
follow if you want I'm not forcing you
to but if you want I would appreciate it
and a lot of times I actually post
previews on my video on my Twitter
Instagram or snapchat so if you want to
see parts of my videos before they get
uploaded on YouTube kind of like sneak
peeks or sneak previews then go ahead
and follow my social media for ETN I
just woke up as you could tell by my
voice and I'm rewashing the something I
watched this game earlier when it was
live but I woke up I couldn't fall back
asleep so I'm we watching the game Oh
monkeys Chris for three splash
kind of looks like 21 salvage I just
randomly woke up middle of the night and
for whatever reason I can't fall back
sleep yeah I watched the game earlier
when it was live obviously and the sun's
finally fucking won so it won't hurt to
watch it again okay guys I know this
isn't my NBA channel so I don't want to
get too deep into basketball but I just
want to say one quick thing because I
know not everybody that watches these
videos watches my NBA channel so I just
want to say a quick thing about the Sun
yes I know they're having a terrible
season I know they actually tied with
the Lakers for last place in the West so
I know it's been a really really rough
season but it's so much more enjoyable
watching the games right now because let
me just say first of all Brandon Knight
hasn't played a single second of
basketball since the all-star break he
has not checked into a single game ever
since the all-star break so that's like
it's like a breath of fresh air to me
it's so much fun watching the Phoenix
Sun when Brandon Knight doesn't play and
you want to know what makes it better
guess who takes Brandon Knight spot
Tyler Ulis Tyler Ulis can flat-out play
basketball I love watching Tyler Ulis
play everyone who watched my videos who
followed Kentucky basketball BBN you
guys know Tyler Ulis can play he can
ball so every time he would sit on the
bench because we would play Brandon I a
bunch of minutes I would be so
frustrated I just wanted to watch Tyler
Ulis play so now that Brandon Knight
isn't playing and we're getting all the
minutes - Tyler Ulis it is beautiful
basketball he could defend he could pass
he just he has such great play making
ability so I love that also shout-out to
big sauce Alan Williams the dudes
getting more minutes he's getting more
playing time than Alex land and I
remember tweeting a long time ago saying
Alan Williams / Alex Len and everybody
thought I was crazy they were like are
you stupid
are you dumped where you guys at now
where you guys at now you guys all love
Alan Williams I love watching him play
so now that the Suns are I don't want to
say tanking but they're playing the
young guys a lot more you know they know
they're not making the playoffs they
know they're not going to win a lot of
games so it's not necessarily
tanking however we are losing a lot more
games and we are going to get a high
draft pick
who knows Markel folks Josh Jackson may
be long to a ball I don't know how I
feel about that yet I don't know how I
feel about that just yet it's still very
early draft time isn't here what I'm
just going to say when the young guys
play the Phoenix Suns are much more
exciting Devin Booker getting a lot of
minutes marques chris has improved like
crazy he's been knocking down a lot of
threes that was not his game coming out
of college so he's improved his
three-point shot like crazy he could
obviously jump we're giving a lot of
minutes to Derrick Jones jr. see what we
have there Allen Williams stepping up
bro he's he's almost averaging a
double-double off the bench these past
couple games Tyler Ulis like I said I
love watching him play he's really
really short but that doesn't define his
heart heart over height the dude can
play don't let his height fool you he's
literally my height he's five foot nine
and he could play so I love watching the
sun's right now I know we're losing a
lot of games I mean we won last night
but overall we're losing a lot of game
but in the long run that's going to help
we've got so many rookies we have so
many young players we have three of
Ricky's on one team and we got a bunch
of players under the age of 23 we just
got to be patient Suns fans our time
will come when it's draft time and we're
drafting either number one number two or
number three we're going to think that
we lost all these games but it's just
funny to watch with all the young guys
so i'ma stop my basketball talk there
trust me you guys know me I can go on
and on and on when it comes to
basketball talk but imma save that for
my NBA Channel for those who don't know
yes I do have a second channel my NBA
channel the link is down below in the
description so if you like interesting
basketball talk like this you should go
ahead and subscribe to that channel I'm
not going to lie I don't post on that
every single day so I'm not going to lie
to you to get more followers oh go
follow daily uploads no but I try to
post consistently other than that guys
for what it is out thank you guys so
much for watching this video
it's Friday week ended here I hope you
guys are enjoying your Friday just as
much as you guys enjoyed this video but
it's not guys I hope you enjoy your
weekend thank you so much for stopping
by and watching this video and I really
do hope you guys enjoy peace out guys I
love you guys all for walks applause oh
and don't look now but we're almost at 2
million subs oh my god that would be
such a dream come true but don't
like now guys were almost there
