oh my guys imagine if all of these were
just orange and purple only that would
be my dream obviously for the sons
okay guys redo what okay take two
actions fine what fell no way I wasn't
even on take three okay
now it's take three take three oh my
gosh babe yeah obviously the jacket
won't fit you're sitting on a floor
eating licorice this is crazy look mom
can we keep the foampit here forever it
looks so fun Wow Bob the Builder how
long did that take to build guys
thankfully for all these foam cubes
me and Jackie when we get married and
move out we don't even have to buy
furniture we could build a bed out of
these we could build couches chairs yeah
we could build a damn house we don't
even need to buy a house we can build
the freakin house this is so cool but
honestly I don't know what the hell we
are going to be doing with these even
know it because I was eating sushi mom
any idea what we're going to do with
these like where are we going to keep
them
mom why would we donate them when I'm
going to build my future house out of
these I don't even need to pay mortgage
anymore
oh yeah
okay guys so this is all fun and games
this is all fun games and beauty but the
point of this video was not fun and
games the point of this video is very
very sad or what it's sad Brian don't
you say we just go play little foam pit
I was just at the gym right now just
playing some basketball and before I
left the gym I was just watching some
snapchat stories and I came across Brian
I'm upset bad mood I saw Brian snap
Chester and he was on crutches
wait that's how you say right yeah I
thought it was crutches at 4:00 crutches
no crunches crutches like crotch but
crutches so Brian in case you guys
didn't see that video he freaking did a
backflip off I'm not gonna say where it
was a really really high place huh and
he hurt his foot okay I don't know who
the hell thought was a smart idea to let
him backflip off the table soon like
this was straight through and hit
Supreme Court I basically did a backflip
onto this right here it went straight
through like my right foot was good it
hit the foam my back everything was good
at the foam except where this was
straight who landed right on this yeah
and when Brian told me a her and that he
was going to go to the hospital I
thought they were going to say like it's
swollen and bruised and maybe give him
some painkillers but it turns out that
it's actually sprained Brian is it your
ankle or foot but oh well I've never any
part of my body in sad fact not fun fact
yeah sad fact like I've never sprained a
broke anything for my body so this is
like a weird experience in I didn't know
how it was to feel damn yeah when I saw
I quickly texted it is a season-ending
injury yeah luckily it's not like she's
saying the doctor says like three to
four weeks if the pain is so bad that
you have to come back but it should be
better
yeah so the first thing I text to them
was
I was like no surgery right like Wawa
and then I said is this season-ending
because I didn't know what it was
so it turns out Brian is going to be out
around one month three to four weeks I
say just like do for sure four weeks
just in case it's depressing part about
this obviously back yeah if you guys
watch my basketball videos ever since
ever since our first game I was all talk
about playing with Brian on my team I
made a book with you go hit your head
everyone does trust the everyone also
excited like I made a video Oh Brian
finally on my team because last season
Manning is to play with it so freaking
excited yeah and and you guys watch our
videos I always talk to Brian he always
talks to me and we're the splash throws
we were actually the top two leading
scorers on our team I was first into a
second so we like had a bond on the
court we had chemistry we loved playing
with each other and it wasn't just fun
it was working our team is five and won
five wins and one loss so not only was
it fun it could be fun and we were doing
bad but no it was fun and we were
playing good and at one point we were
both in the top five in scoring that's
just like it ruined a lot so this is
actually not only sad news for Brian
obviously he's in pain and he can't play
basketball it's also sad news for me
because I'm missing out on a lot of fun
it was a lot of fun playing with Brian
and it's also sad because hello like I
said he was our second leading scorer so
it's this is important to our team we're
going to have to play hello yeah the
next three or four games I know like to
week replace the number one seed a team
yeah oh so good yeah I know and tomorrow
we're playing a team that's literally
right below it in the standings like
tomorrow's a huge game how we got first
a sec everything we're tied for the
first four big playoff yeah yeah
tomorrow is probably our biggest game of
the season because the team is right
below it so if they win then they take
over our spot so tomorrow is going to be
crazy Brian I need to hire you as head
coach I'll be like Oh will you coming
for the game tomorrow first okay I'll
offer you a three to four week contract
then okay okay so Brian thought it was a
freaking clipboard can you wear a
fucking play tuxedo and a tie and you
get thrown out of the game and the rest
of the fucking take you out for a
technical
by getting Jackson cooking okay guys so
yeah that's honestly the sad part I was
looking forward so much to playing with
Bryan this season and the first six
weeks were so fun we had so much fun on
the court and I was working it was like
we found the perfect formula because
last year my team Brian wait does it
hurt the clip vanilla Brian is that my
nail clipper Brian I was looking for it
for so long
Brian I hit my face you bitch so yeah
guys I'm very very upset with this news
the higher risk the higher I'm gonna
have to play much much harder I might
need to step up I know she wasn't Chris
the whole team's are not to step up not
just me not just me and Chris everyone
that plays on our team are gonna have to
step up though I think we're good yeah
Brian are you gonna like fucking take
people out if they don't listen to your
plate and everything
oh no imagine fryers they get any mad at
me though in the backflip Brian the
coach where I show you don't go playing
the foam pit yeah you want to go to gym
with me tomorrow morning to play about
me of course
let's go so yeah guys I wanted to make
this video I'm sure all you guys saw
Brian's videos but I just wanted to
update you more Brian's video was more
depressing that was him in the hospital
and just talking about his life and his
career this is more from the basketball
team standpoint imma let him talk about
the personal stuff about this injury
I'll leave my video just about
basketball so no it's not season-ending
he'll be back for the playoff if we lay
on it what counts the most exactly this
is Derrick Rose the return when Derrick
Rose was in Chicago he went through so
many injuries and everybody thought his
career was over and they kept saying
Derrick Rose the return and he came back
maybe not stronger than ever but he did
come back so bro man the return the
countdown has begun three to four weeks
I say you take four weeks just in case
because we're just these people like
yeah I'm hoping like ah I don't want to
be paid for four weeks no you just have
to like take a lot like cocaine and meth
and heroin and like your pain would go
away don't worry oh really
no wonder you through your fucking nail
at my face I'm so sick you know like not
only is it this feel like I'm actually
sick why did you snort the cocaine you
didn't shoot it yeah oh so like it
already
you come back to the playoff because we
have four more games lesson on the
playoffs start and most likely obviously
fingers crossed but so far we're tied
for number one so unless we have a
really really bad choke knock on wood
then we shouldn't we shouldn't miss the
playoffs unless we choke really bad but
honestly we should make the fail I was
scared when I find snapchat I texted him
right away first of all I was scared
because I thought he was gonna need
surgery oh god now you see why I didn't
go to the hospital for my wrist because
I knew that they would tell me that it
was hurt and I did not want to hear that
because now what could happen you can't
play basketball I didn't want to hear
that news so I just dealt with it and I
just fucking said you know what I'm not
going to the hospital I don't want to
hear the news that I can't play so I
just dealt with the pain I don't care
but yeah all abroad fine take some tips
from coaching so that's Steve Kerr right
there yeah and just actually you maybe
you shouldn't take tips from Steve
Carell if you want to get ejected yeah
but college is the esophagus you'll be
dunk rivers because you want to get edge
I can go to fucking jail yeah
just don't take this from Earl Watson
you know the son 18 wins and 41 losses
so you might not want to take any system
here okay guys so we're gonna let Bryan
watch some basketball learn you know
different aspects of the game so he
could be the best head coach in men's
basketball league history wait man could
you in coach of the year oh my gosh so
guys we have a game tomorrow I feel bad
for Bryan he was really excited to play
we were actually talking about it before
he got injured because it is our most
important game of the season
Bryan hopefully you come back yeah
hopefully we win hopefully you're back
for the playoffs if we make the playoffs
this sucks I'm sure it sucks for Bryan
but it sucks for me too I love playing
with Bryan and like I'm sure you guys
loved watching the videos of me and
Bryan on the court together so this
sucks
Bryan get 85 for real good series I'll
take you out of the unit
oh wait I'm not allowed to get in fights
where the coach will take me out yes
damn okay guys so no more fight it's
going to be a challenge but we could do
it Brian we played one game without
Bryan and we won so hopefully that's a
sign of things to come
fine if we keep winning I'm just gonna
kick you off the team hey update hey
tell them what does happen you just
farted
Kate O'Brien was Tony off my head and I
farted on you now we're even hey anyway
my mom let you rest let me know if you
need like eyes or pills or head or just
anything let me know okay oh my god were
you eavesdropping on our conversation no
I did not shoot he was joking oh we
can't affect on this what are your
thoughts on Bryan's regular season
ending injury are you kidding me are you
freaking kidding me
haha I think I should be the one in the
game oh yeah you should sub for Brian I
don't like all this weight or maybe
you're hired you as an assistant coach I
don't know you know I want
you want to play yeah I really know she
learns from the best elbows I'm just
joking that's dirty don't do that this
is a very very sad day I'm sure for my
brother he has never had a sprain
he's never had a broken ball and he's
never had a torn ligament this is his
first one so I'm sure he's in a lot of
pain not just physically but that sucks
that he can't play any more basketball
because I know it was a lot of fun for
him and it was fun for me I love playing
bass all with my brother if you got
watched the first basketball games blog
when it was mine and Bryan's first game
together I was so happy and I can always
catch them the ball and just I always
look for them on the court so there's
going to suck for me and also for Brian
this is going to hurt our team there's
no way could help anytime you lose your
second leading scorer that's not a good
thing if we start losing a lot I'm going
to take a lot of blame because I feel
like Brian and my brother so for him
being out I have to step up I have to
make up for his loss and if I don't then
no matter how bad everyone else plays I
would still take the blame just because
he's my brother so I feel like I need to
make up for it I just need to make sure
that the team doesn't fall apart okay
he's going to be there in spirit though
he's going to be our head club oh he
didn't sign the contract I just hired
him to be the head coach he needs to
sign the contract babe I'm gonna write
Brian a contract and you could be his
agent so am I allowed to scam your
client I'm gonna sign him for free I'm
not gonna pay him any money
wow what a bad agent Jackie is she's
letting her client Brian get scammed
three to four week coach for three and
handwriting is good read the four week
coach for free and you have to sign here
guys I like the jacket when I when I
hurt my hand she saw my handwriting and
it was really bad and I said yeah babe
it's just cuz my hand is hurt but that
was just an excuse Dave I really have
the worst handwriting ever Brian
hopefully you're not jacking off because
I'm coming in I need you to sign the
contract
gyah three to four week head coach don't
read the line better then
- oh so you read the line I wanna take
him
Brian Jackie is your age and she said I
could sign you for free Jackie you could
call her baby hey she said it without
obviously alive if I sign this and if we
make the playoffs then I get an extended
contract Brian the only way we don't
make the plows is if we lose every
single game okay
sign it it comes with incentives if we
win every single game less than we
finished nine and one then you get
$1,000 it's like a real really
accessible yeah so I'm gonna lose the
last game on purpose I'm just joking I
have too much heart for that Lou will
and one ah okay Brian
we got you on the contract see you
tomorrow night what time you want me to
be dressed close to e8 cyma contractor
came in to who can I be Troy Bolton for
that I'll be able to lose you're the dad
my coach remember wait what's the song
it knows it's been on embed on in bed up
yeah he's fucking crying and going crazy
so fuck is what drug was he on here oh
yeah oh and then you have Gabriella
bride's the coach the dad I'm Troy
Bolton she's Gabriella Bosley is a sharp
pain but your phase it gives me strength
okay guys if you don't fuck with High
School Musical I don't like you I'm
sorry High School Musical is the
greatest movie series of all time if you
don't fuck with High School Musical
please stop watching my videos what are
you laughing at we're just talking about
don't you love my school musical like I
would say it well listen about like like
Troy Bolton and Gabrielle and need to
get married
it goes like this I've gotta go
ba-ba-ba-ba you gotta get you get your
head in the game guys do you remember
the one when Troy Bolton was on drugs he
was on all the hills singing of oh yeah
dad I did on it not a true fan oh the
one where they're dancing in the
baseball what something from my time oh
yeah we're breaking free so red line
there's not an every night we can reach
all sorry mom
my dad's asleep I forgot Brian my dad's
asleep
damn no more high school musical duet
okay guys I apologize for not bringing
you guys a wig vlog I apologize for not
having a fun-filled entertaining video
today I do apologize I wasn't planning
on making this video obviously I wasn't
plan on having Brian fucking backflips
off of the damn roof make water real yes
Brian I've watched it while you were
editing yet I have to see it up close
so Brian the partisan I'm sorry guys for
my stupid fashion no you have to
progress without planning them making a
really with videos made possibly even
pranking Brian who knows but it said we
got a do you already call me back I had
to make this video I know a lot of you
guys care about our basketball team
obviously not only from the support that
I get on all the videos but to everybody
who shows up at all the games so I know
you guys care about this a lot and Brian
hospital visit touched up more on you
know his life so I have to touch up on
the basketball aspects of it I'm very
sad right I'm going to miss playing with
you on the court just one time since I'm
going to be doing this during the game
bitch that's what I'm going to miss the
most
so guys one last time sorry for making
this video and set up a you know more
fun-filled entertaining one even though
all my fuckin videos are boring anyways
none of them are fun-filled but I hope
you what do you out yet I hope you guys
still enjoyed this video I'm going to
miss playing around on the court and
hopefully you back to the playoffs
way before we close this video out can
you please try the mint ice cream for
the Plaza
can you why where was sabe challenge
shout out Allison
wait is that Alex with all these dead
corpse only that salad avocados so I ate
the whole day I set it out and I didn't
because I freaked out I pushed my sushi
all the way to the next table what a lie
yeah oh my god and it hit the lady
and it hit the ladies tables always lose
right that mom she lied again Pinocchio
what you know what said Pinocchio was
made like to be known to have a huge
know that my nose is bigger than him
okay first of all you deserve to eat
that was hot because even if it was all
Mikado why would you eat it on one bite
like I said that's what I was doing
before I was just playing the Apple out
the Jamin in my head on my dog Lionel's
here to play I can the car going through
snapchat stories and to crush my heart
would crush her it's sad to see Brian go
oh yeah absolutely
if you guys like eternal cheeto puffs
all right what do you eat them do they
get stuck in your teeth line and then
you go like this and you take out a
monster fucking bunch of those mum's
waiting part about this year so or good
it open you open too late another one uh
almost
I don't know this sort of pisses me off
like all at the top my teeth back yeah
guys and then you go like this you
scrape it off and it's like fucking
Mount Everest right do a hopscotch
session no yeah there's a pawn shop
hopscotch when you put both feet down
I've here do that I just close them he's
throwing on my face he farted on guys
when Jackie says I deserve it because
one time I clipped my toenails and I
saved the two biggest whoa wait
disclaimer this might be a little gross
but I clipped my toenails and I saved
the two big toes I feel way like the
pinky and all those and she came in and
I told her how to surprise what I said
turn around blue eyes
and put your hand out I made her put her
hand behind her back like this and I
said okay go open it Canadian my house
and I and I put the toenails in her hand
and I said okay look and they were
fucking tell you I'm crying why's Brian
out for four weeks I'm going to sleep
mix them today just to make up for
honestly
ooh this is not the news I wanted to
bring out to you guys this is another
video I wanted to make this is not what
I was expecting I play basketball
tonight we have our game tomorrow night
and I'm still playing tomorrow morning's
too much sauce too much basketball what
what this brings but yeah
are you here you can use up like 5000
yeah guys in case you date here like
throughout this video I don't think I
mentioned it cuz like I don't out like I
never repeat myself in my videos or
anything I never repeat myself no I
don't repeat myself so yeah I don't know
if I mentioned this but Brian is
actually out for the next four weeks
with a sprained foot and he's going to
be our coach next time I want money for
cookies yeah by a fire what kind of
agent does clipboard of anything I don't
care if you don't come with a clipboard
as long as you come with a suit and tie
and you're on the crutches
I need hi hera syndulla yeah you're have
to be slick and you have to fucking say
like say if it's fucking bubbles or
horses yet crazy goods like Martlet look
yes I learned Ernie yang Karev
yeah barley Jeff Fordham is you have to
get ejected at least once you have to
Yelp the recipe I see out the team and
like you have to drag me to the bank you
say what the fuck you doing up there
that's what I want from you if you're
going to be the coach I'll just say some
dope shops about black people man dude
imagine you get so down eject because
you hear where the players mean he
fucking hates me on there no I know so
let's go to a gym play basketball for
three hours come home go to sleep wake
up go straight back to the gym play
basketball for another couple hours come
back home get ready and go to the game
and play that at night on the same day
that's what I'm gonna I don't know I
mean you have more energy to be
stem-like is better as I've only sold
out what ain't using my body is just
going to shut down and like deactivate
2600 that's supposed to be my prime but
no he's right at the rate that I go to
bat for Court just went in place for 3
hours just got back home and then
tomorrow first thing I do when I wake up
is go back to the gym to play more
basketball and then I'm going to come
home change get ready and go to my game
so tomorrow it's time to get the swing
that's all I'm going to say thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
love you guys all Barrois squads the
road to 2 mil is real thank you guys for
watching and like I said before this is
not the video I planned on doing some I
have a banger tomorrow or actually
tomorrow is going to be the basketball
game just sorry I just have to update
you guys on my brother's injury and I
had to update you guys on what it means
for our basketball team so Alvin Robson
Rob Chris and Gilbert you guys watching
this we're all going to have to step up
okay we all need to step up and make up
for my brother's lost thank you guys for
watching this video
oh my god Chris Webber state is so nice
Brian who's here guys so nice look at
him look where Chris Webber's stayed is
so nice that's a high fade skin fade oh
I don't know about right there a little
right place oh my god I'm so happy it's
not career-ending
