what is going on what is going on you
got Brandon here aka the waters and
today if you're wondering you know what
this little weird
my brother and my girlfriend meet
today's video I'll bring you guys a who
knows we bed or who know me better in
day my brother that I stood who I grew
up with what to the land wind was wicked
like we got each other's penises like he
should know me better or is it my
girlfriend you know your can this dude
do you see this because he's a shower
together and take baths again and come
to XIV yeah W for me okay but it is my
girlfriend who you know we've been
dating for almost two years now we hang
out with each other every single day you
know when I get girlfriend not to go but
with each other it is my best friend my
girlfriend she's everything so let's see
who can take home but anything I am
flirting anything but you know normal
youtubers know who knows better all you
love you on a table but this is robotics
is channel this is my tails Brandon aka
ever wanted we got it out of quick so
you already know well Haley okay I woke
a so we so we're going to be asking tank
Wendy whoever wait another three days or
not wintry the shaving cream ugly and
this is the sole Leandro Barbosa you can
okay simple he gets it right to get the
wrong shameful faces didn't provide
breakfast so without further ado let's
see who knows
Brandon better is gonna be the brothers
or is it going to be the girlfriend I'm
scared I'm scared to my wife why why I
have one day
so we're going to add more of the
letters and no one can see it okay we're
going to start off with hula massage for
Brian who is my favorite youtuber not
named Facebook angry here both knees
wait why is like this my sense is that's
right my girlfriend on a ride my
favorite youtuber aside from Brian is
anger grandpa shouts - Ramsey anthem
you'll know I like once again I do okay
oh yeah this is the bed what sigh okay
three-way - without like an acid or
anything x-ray no no you know we're not
going to do our divider this platter
across the wall three knocks June 1 yard
whistle okay okay
Hill right open it that's it it's just
illegal dollar dollar soft one for you
know I feel a little bad so this thing
goin reasonable video yeah are you gonna
do the way out here yeah Lois keep it
going the faster the better did it in
this business
okay next one this one can go multiple
different ways I might have a couple of
these but there's one ultimate one I
know you them who is my favorite Artie
Oh Jake oh yeah I mean when I said I
could go multiple labor because I only
want old Betty walk out I listen
very long I listen to a lot of Russian
children believe oh you know there's but
eat chili million dollars you fear I
don't want to Brian's place and I was
going to add more such a big place wait
you tell me your eyes of the face oh
she's going to do it what a hard-on hey
Danielle this is the lobby we're gonna
Ralph don't eat it yeah don't eat it
here no oh no I'm wiping off your lips
oh my god yeah we're chilling Geoffrey
okay next question
let's get it over with gotta get it over
with
am i literally evil and my new fish
worth no your fucking devil okay babe we
can okay next one I guess you can
classify this person as a celebrity who
is my celebrity crush yeah look let's
forget it I got out of the wagon so
competitive with embodies all more see I
feel free okay let's distance okay I'll
see Jackie today
don't oh hey Mike over you're coming ha
all right let's go next question we
can't get one out today flip it away my
favorite movie
bora-bora okay hold on alright this one
will will let it fly to the top well so
Brian said Bora and he's right I fucking
love board that is it's a little like
like that yeah you'll bring my dog go
Mary okay
that is my favorite favorite movie of
all time but ever since me and Jackie's
car today she's saying go to the movies
she always does big he wants to move
along to be a vision stalker
no and I call there Keith legless will
erupt
oh yeah I always go I say babe I don't
watch me down watch basketball so that's
not fair she showered I don't want to be
so next question Oh what was my very
first job Sunday nope obviously
nope working learning back no coming
week and a half of the heart wasn't
beating here yeah dad we're getting
three what then why do you open your
mouth at I do it I don't kind of read
next one's gonna speed this up my broker
I'm gonna pass on that I'll get on we'll
get it off your eyes okay it wasn't easy
so you guys going to be ready to answer
you guys both know this so first one to
get it how often do I get a haircut and
what when we first of all our movie last
day at the same time okay same time we
try do it how often do I get my heavily
heavily right right kind a little
headstrong we'll let this go applause I
did it you're helpless
don't look at them yet wrong yet their
lair is so safe then you got all the old
one yeah guys the charming thing you
have you use mind a good one right oh my
god is a good day to keep that Sun ville
yeah you just give me a smoke it okay
next question
oh if I was not doing YouTube right now
what would I be doing
you'd be working for the Sun you have me
watch the sitting in that pose now you
need to be I bring it you know I got
that I don't feel bad for sports analyst
oh my great is that what it is okay what
is what was your answer I basically got
a GN where the science journalism
nothing you wanted to do with Oh Frank
you nail that right on the glove you've
never ever told you what they would have
ah pun
okay so Jackie fit sports journalist
Brian got rides and working photo thumbs
but Jacqueline specifically asked
wondering if the weather for you - I
wanted to be a sports writer on court
reporter but not just a portable I want
to be specifically for the Phoenix Sun
so how does this happen to me I'm not
explain to beginning when you're doing
that that more look there's our bus is
burning
yeah we find it starts to burn down
Jackie shit burns great - oh my god
hurry up okay I remember this without
looking at my notes because I can't open
this one okay know about it at what age
what happens to our suggestions come
about what age I was my virginity they
see nothing ha no 17 18 so let's get but
he likes to me okay write your fucking
life do we need a the gold oh no no no
but for a bonus so Brian go to write I
was 17 years old
okay might open letter emotion get the
vegetables right at $16 wrong in it just
ask and I said I'm answering this you as
humanities get fucking Jimmy to me so
then she spoke about it but here I'll
get back here is something intimacy you
live I know I don't want okay yeah I'm
getting your chance right now do you run
that fuzzy field
yes I'm feel that with age sorry Jackie
when it's Jesse King gay will it no not
what was there's no name no exact you
can get where it was dead Brian walnut
pie but you won't get money to put it
right on it
devar huh Clark I don't gotta wear it I
know my little been there with me no no
Dexter he's like next question wait can
you guys hahahaha
where and when was it when I met the
fetus auntie take all you can be a
darling then one more part of the course
a ball San Diego that's me I asked you a
question
I like work but attitude I know now man
guys I just want to get it the question
has to born it's a yeah you said we're
in Westeros I mean that's the most
beautified I remember my September call
the covers the summer winter wait I'm
cookies whoa summer last summer baby
let's go daddy creep I agree but earlier
this is the whole thing how can you do
me a big a later date them wait what do
you guys need my face being now since I
don't know what base being numb me how
about you do I show me right now what
are you both you guys okay I can go
come on Jackie stick I can't see
anything hold it
just try to picture my head into
something go Dan Yahoo oh oh this is
what we mean by face top little weekly
fool on fuck you guys because I didn't
stop you guys all games like that get
people that blended I ain't happy I'm
working out
and I decided to be a good spot if you
do not show me what it fucking means to
be no thank you guys for one yeah not a
great prize Oh honestly guys I won right
right is the winner
my brother does be better my girlfriend
I'm not going a new girlfriend now how
could you do this to be broken up when
you're watching hold on baby will try to
go together yeah can you please lead us
to the bathroom under there
thanks a lot for watching this video if
you let all my notice a might hear big
happy the other one I will do a heart
for you look at me look at me wait I
literally cannot drop a like if you
enjoyed come on let's be professional
first thing then you guys to listen
welcome to video please be sure to stop
like if you get into it I hope you guys
all enjoyed your Sunday thanks so much
for taking the time out of your day to
watch this video
I love you guys all wait yet we're going
on we're going to try to walk to the
bathroom okay
is it recording yes MA I happen to be
nice oh my god okay okay and should I
walk him okay that's what we always try
to get I know they're two people you
never look away from help me because I
don't Article II baby oh you want to
downstairs okay okay bye that all right
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's not a
clue like yeah you then don't mess up my
bathroom
kind of burning your eyes oh I missed a
shower I knew it was Meghan is clearly
lies in the night
help you how I was the host of the video
and my face ended up worse than Jackie
and Brian I was a freaking host you
alone see our own reality mother country
yeah in my head I was the hole I want
you in the hall oh ho - what I was just
acting the questions I was safe and I
decided to be nice okay guys just
private like rock over yeah well my eyes
altered so I was the host and I end up
getting worse than Brian and down
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this videos just might be the
weirdest outro ever done all my channels
Brian knows me better than Jackie and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video this is
a look at your years yeah I got quick oh
it's later this whole aren't gonna go
down oh my god I can hear I can when you
poke my mom literally
my eyes that I don't wanna get me my
eyes well I was nice you didn't get a
Sloane's big court not like them oh I
didn't have a mom
okay that's hot but I cannot hear
anything I'm like no I'm Bobby gonna
shower mom hi I'm deaf from my left ear
for sure but if someone whispered
something in my ear I would literally be
like what I don't want to hear any
complaining from Brian or Jackie I got
it worse than any of them you know what
I was doing I was looking them in the
face and I was like you know I feel bad
every year I went soft and you know what
I would do if it was the law of shape
you might even wipe them off of the play
I clean their eyes I felt that then BOOM
don't trust anybody you can't trust
anybody but yourself I think I'm getting
my hearing back though so that's a plus
and now time you lost the son's game
they got the early game today so my
depression starts early today I want
easy on you guys I felt bad I went easy
I would barely smear to play but you
guys the second you got the chance ha
