what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wat it I'm happy start of the
weekend not like I do anything on the
weekend anyways but you know just start
the weekend so I'm happy I hope all you
guys are happy I hope you guys are
having a good Friday and I hope that
leads to a really good weekend so today
I'm bringing you guys a reaction video
but you know it's not just a regular
reaction for you all reacting to top 10
strangest thing this video is myself
reacting to my brother Brian his 1v1
verse right gun so before I get into
this video let me just say yesterday you
know was the NBA trade deadline you know
I was on my phone bill pretty much the
whole entire day because I was trying to
keep track of all the trades and so
since I was on my phone the whole day I
saw a lot of your guys's tweets and I'm
telling you my mentions on Twitter were
flooded with bro react to your brother's
1v1 react to Brian's won't be one verse
right cos so you know I decided you guys
asked for it so you guys are going to
get it now I'm not gonna lie I could sit
here and say oh I don't know what
happened I don't know who won so let's
just react to and see what happened I'm
not allowed I'm not gonna lie
obviously due to all the tweets that I
was getting yesterday I know who won
okay I'm not gonna lie I know who won
this game but I haven't watched it yet I
don't know I have not seen the video but
I do know who won because there are a
lot of people who are tweeting me Bauval
oh and by the way about the trade
deadline yes today
PJ Tucker I love you we're going to miss
you in Phoenix
Toronto you're getting a hell of a
defender and he gives it a call every
single night and Brandon Knight is still
on the fucking team Brandon Knight is
still on the Phoenix Suns that's how bad
he is the Suns are trying to trade him
and nobody wanted him
so Just My Luck he is still on the
fucking team I'm gonna react to say drug
verse rice gum I'm pretty much doing my
own commentary and just see what
happened in this video by the way
shoutouts Roscoe he's the homie I met
him a couple months ago super chill
dudes so 3 2 1
of course you got Brian at the agenda
show who the sea Breezie so you got you
got a 40-day with the fucking zebra easy
Brian and is obsessing with you these
you go yeah man nice not Brian loves is
easy so holy the rolls-royce pink town
rusty those words are beautiful
okay where's the game Brian finds a look
at the stripper at night she's so
beautiful
I'm jumping to look at the shape and we
just look at Jim the show was awesome
we're going back tomorrow by the way
because it's like three days for prime
oh no kids like an hour ado and right on
a motel and I'm getting dressed because
I'm doing a bumpy one
right cuz I do not have that much but
everyone watches to take a class right
here we're going to play ok bye look
into the game okay remain look you got
you an egg right what are you doing
where does the game start
Oh yogi heart playing outdoors from the
wind I hate that Brian Brian negative
excuses just like me okay so I guess
rice come brought Brian some shoes oh oh
you got him some Kobe's you got Brian
some Kobe's okay so they're playing to
11 ones into it enjoy
actually you know what there's a
basketball won't be what I'm reacting to
can you second really quick guys
give me one second guys how about the
game-worn
summer league Devin Booker Jersey
game-worn the Phoenix Sun gave it to me
when I went to their game in the
beginning of the season they gave it to
me as a gift so oh my god Booker why are
you so tall we got along the Jersey is
so now we're ready to watch the 1v1
okay so rice come starts with the ball
pulled up for to okay miss Bryan pulls
up for two and thinks it that Bryan
specialty he loves shooting those twos
or three twenties whatever you guys want
to call it you know I got rain I know
Big John your brother I know you got
rage wait
I'm impressed Bryan literally said he
told rise he's like right here I'm a
shooter from here he shot and he made it
he called his own shot so proud Bryan
maturing into such a such a good
basketball player oh man you're just
like I want my future son to be okay
Bryan
we know you got rings let's go for oh no
way not just stick those out far as I
will step query range or I'm sorry
Dallas out I just hit my fucking go Jane
on my teeth throw her out I just hit my
fucking go Jane on my teeth but that was
Devin Booker raid okay Brian so at this
point I'm pretty sure rice is kind of
shitting his pants right um I know
you're a little nervous at this point
Brian six oh and he hasn't missed a shot
yet there were no cuts Redick so forth
damn okay Brian six zero uh-oh he's
changing it up he's going to the drive
oh no he's backing it up on only going
back to the drive oh oh
oh no I'm 20 any tricks on the back and
ride
oh right mr. lay up Brian
you should have kept shooting the shot
was working oh here's the shop your shop
it's 8-0 but someone will you guys lied
to me someone tweeted to me yesterday
saying that rug loss and you should
react to the video oh my god
I got lie - unless Brian chokes you guys
were lying
did Brian win or fucking rice gun okay
now that makes it interesting so the
whole time I thought rice come one
because like I said yesterday someone
tweeted to me saying rice can beat your
brother but I'm pretty sure he was lying
Brian's up eight zero find our range
eight oh and he's made all four between
canberra's rice like that
okay so rice I'm stepping up to D O
Brien with the was the air ball uh-huh
Hey Ali's Brian he's on it he left the
air ball in the video that's okay so
write some scores it's 8 to 1 that's
what I like about Brian he's on it Abe
he left the air ball in the video Brian
good job no way
ha ha ha right done like what the fug
okay hold on hold on hold on really
quick sorry I keep pausing the video but
it should because first of all Brian
that was from long distance that was all
the way from a whole other country he's
in Las Vegas right here he shot that all
the way from my house in fucking San
Diego I don't know how that went in
Brian good shot wow I really really
wonder where Brian learned to shoot like
that like I mean I wonder who taught him
how to shoot like that that's such a
nice shot if only I knew who taught him
how to shoot like that someone told me
that right come one Brian it up
ten-to-one
they're playing to 11 1 1 11 I don't
think there's any way fucking Brian
choke this bed ok so Brian's up ten to
one on his ball this is for the game oh
he's trying to call it oh he went for
two air ball okay so rice comes ball
okay so like them in the paint he scores
tended to rice does have the size of
damage so Oh Brian you gotta play better
deed and dad you're letting PJ Tucker
down okay so rice comes going in the
paint right now he realized yo I have
the size advantage here I gotta take it
in on him so it's 10 to 4 is this song
is playing the background Iowa you
fuckin for life or whatever the fuck
that song goes that's what it sounds
like
okay rice scores again ten to five yeah
rice knows that he needs to just keep
going to the pain he can't afford to
miss any more shot ten to six pull up
right give my brother a chance stop
taking it to the pain no no yeah my
brother has a tough time guarding in the
pain
no that's ten to seven yo when I play my
brother you got comment oh stop driving
it on him that's unfair I'm only like
five eight five nine rice is taller than
me so how is this fair now I'm just
joking it's basketball there's no rule
that says you can't drive it to the
paint this is a fair game okay right in
the paint again okay that was good yeah
see that's good D by Brian but rice is
just too tall rights over the - oh my
god we got back are you all right no oh
my god oh my god bro oh come on let's
just
that's not fair right okay hold on hold
on hold on hold on right
you scared she's tougher that's the
other daughter right there miss rebound
mystery the mystery bounce boom pull
back
okay so rod can actually went for the
two he stopped driving to the pan he
missed but Brian couldn't get the
rebound
and then he missed again and Brian
couldn't get the rebound and then he
missed again and Brian can get the
rebound then again and again and again
and then rise come finally scored if I
was Brian you got a body if you got it
you gotta put your attitude to him and
fucking grab that board that's how you
bought sounds you gotta bugs out but now
Brian that was hard to stop rockin the
paint he has like a full-on youth leader
just like uh-huh okay ten to nine Brian
is still winning so he just means one
stop ten to nine rice gum ball
Brian needs a stop here please
okay rice drives it again and he made
riot now all right and oh I put the
Kyrie reverse Kyrie
okay testy tank game point that was
Brian's rebound so close oh please don't
tell me Roger drugged it into the simple
lamp on Brian to end the game I'll look
at varieties oh don't do it right at
least make the ending cool
oh here both okay Brian had a chance
brian has a chance check the tag Brian
turn out rs.1000 we have no timeouts
left
writing it by money but up step it ah
shoot that right give him that job Brian
give that job step away Brian he's been
driving all game give him the shot don't
let him drive taking it in on Brian no
don't do it right no no I date you can't
end a game like that right Brian
blue ten one lead Oh No
okay rice with a little tiger
looks like you gonna pass out
Oh me did that really happen though okay
okay okay okay
Wow I might have to get bright Brian
blue or ten one lead
forget the Warriors log of three when we
forget the Falcons long a twenty eight
to three leaves Brian will attend one
lead in a game up to 11
Brian no rice now let's keep those for
the game wonder when it was ten ten he
just went for the simple layup come on
you got to do something cool
now I'm joking they both wait a fair
game wait let me get behind in here
Brian oh you did a shower with I'm asked
to have a talk with Brian Ted one we you
can't do that
I'm hurt I can't now I can't even wear
this jersey and talk about blowing 10 1
Brian oh shit ten-to-one Oh Brian do you
realize no one because people were
tweeting me yesterday all right Gumby
your brother and I believed them then
when I watched the video and you were up
ten one I swear I thought they were
trolling I was like okay they obviously
they were just lying to me Brian how
that's what I expected your show was so
good yes I said you shot it all the way
from San Diego and you fucking made it
all the way to Vegas I just hit the ball
I know he had one position where he
missed like eight times and he just kept
getting to read up ah right you ruined
Brian Vegas trick man that bullying I'm
her Brian
oh but Brian
you have to tell them like where'd you
learn to shoot deep freeze like that oh
hey who played with the outside
everything today when we were little
kids you shoutout did I also teach you
how to lose oh I was rooting for you
though
so I guess Brian lost some people spoil
the game from you on Twitter they told
me that right someone but when Brian was
up ten to one
I thought they were lying I was about to
go back and find their twin MBI yo why
did you lie to me I actually believed
you thought like okay Andy they were
just trolling me Brian's gonna win and
then write some scores then write them
score that right Cup scored and score
discordant chord right Simon smarter he
has a size advantage on Brian so there's
no point to risky by shooting twos he
just kept driving it in on him but I do
think for the game winner it should have
been a little more fancy but anyways you
play to win right come one Brian how do
you blow the dead one lead I'm hurt I'm
probably more hurt than Brian if we're
being honest but anyways you guys want
me to react to it so I did I still can't
believe it I swear I thought when Brian
was 10 one was over and Brian was hot
too it's one thing to be up
one but you're kind of struggling the
Brian was easily hitting all those shots
it's just defense man the defense just
bad defense runs in the family I got to
tell you you know my defense isn't that
good either but anyways I hope you
enjoyed this video
Brian we got to set up a few practices
man I got to teach you when you're up
ten one you got win the game you got to
win that's the New Warriors blew a 3-1
lead is Brian blue attend will lead I
didn't know he was up 10 1 he came back
from Vegas and I was like yo Brian
what's up I missed you you were gone for
so long
if I knew he blew a 10:1 lead the first
of all I wouldn't have even opened the
door in the garage for him and second
the first thing I'll attend today Brian
you brought down one made why I'm just
joking guys look I'm not to go play
basketball right now and I bet you
anything that karma since I keep saying
Brian will attend one lead I bet you
anything that my team is going to be up
ten to one and we're going to lose that
I believe in karma so Brian it's okay if
I blue attend only you know it happens
to happen so now guys Ron's got my met
him before he's super chill so shout out
to him he'd be my brother I was rooting
for Brian I wanted Brian to win but it
didn't happen
so you guys want me to react to it so
you got it son I wanted you guys to
trade Brent and I so bad but I
understand he sucks he's just as bad a
dog shit like if you put dog shit on the
court and you put brain and I on the
court you would get the same result so I
understand why nobody wanted to take him
it's not your fault Phoenix you tried to
trade him I'm about to go play
basketball like I said earlier I hope
you enjoyed the rest of your weekend go
watch squad thank you so much for
watching this video peace
oh by the way for those wondering like
how did Brian get so good at shooting
please let me just say you know they say
that younger brothers they pick up
habits from their older brothers so you
know I'm his only older brother so if
you're wondering how he got so good at
shooting threes and if you're also
wondering why he doesn't you know clean
up after himself and make his bed in the
morning and you know but I guess you
could also blame that on me but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video go watch
wise
