I'm so impatient like once I have
something ready to go like that's it
like I have to give it the reason why
this is a surprise is because he has no
idea that I've been planning this let
alone what it is because I feel like
it's something that you guys are going
to be super happy about he wouldn't
expect this that's what I'm going to say
and I don't think you guys would either
I think that I kept it a secret for a
long time right so his mom let me until
she was in on this and she's so excited
so I hope he's just like on his way back
because I'm still ready to show him look
I'm trying it so your mom's one person
you know is not saying no let me say
like that this is gorgeous
and you're gonna be mad at her when you
find out how much it was it's so nice
mom I love it you always want to build
one you know you have the best girl I
know I was telling that guy's boyfriend
and she had the biggest heart yeah for
everyone and the biggest hat I have the
best girlfriend on earth let me just say
that she's thoughtful she has a huge
heart she's nice sweet caring funny
she's hot look now I'm gonna come hot
you mean to me I'm lucky I'm blessed and
I know it all because of hurt I just
wanted him to have something that he
wants and I knew that he really wanted
this so I know why don't bring me Devin
Booker well talking about that well
talking about that so why don't bring me
Devin Booker don't get my hopes up I'm
I'm spending something else I think it's
time to tell you at this point
I can never have a buy the right word
there's no way this is real I don't any
on the right girl so I can only say that
I think it's time to tell you at this
point me and Devin Booker have been
talking you're a liar not on his fan no
you have not and I am actually planning
something so no you're not
what do you mean you were talking to
Devin Booker yeah I thought I can't tell
you this little detail good but wait
what do you mean you talked to Devin
Booker
I thought you'd ever wonder do can judge
me ya know my friend not yours
no I know it's completely appropriate
how'd you get his attention then I sent
him a message
he did not reply to you who is God I
want Devin Booker to steal my girlfriend
if I have one weight and one dream
before I die I want Devin Booker to
steal Jackie from me it would be an
honor what is wrong with you
I'm serious if anyone else tries to take
Jackie does know but Devin Booker please
take my husband to bake bake why would
you do that to me why would you do that
to me no I am sorry
and a nice person why would you do that
okay let me just show you what you
really know we're talking to him what
you really are we're talking to him you
would not apply to you did you really
tough it
bugger that devil in dirt and he talks
like that that's how he saw wait what
did you send and why you delete it did
you send him a nude no I'm not racing
because you were gonna see it
why derenberger follow is how do you
know you were my girlfriend because he
wanted my videos he said it him and
here's what so Adams brother I watched
my videos I actually found one looks
really nice message and they said hey
I'm bringing this girlfriend like I know
that you guys are friends and then
something along those lines I can't tell
you what it is because it's a huge
surprise so they're planning for Brandon
you're totally good refresh ya know but
you don't know what it is at this point
you just no closer involving in it God
Devin Booker
so Jackie deleted the message sheets at
him I don't know probably nude I don't
care I want you to tension this is
feeling me for my race that Brenna's can
I skip to my incident I dunno crazy I
didn't
Oh God so it's a message from Devin
Booker and I know this is really him
because this is the way that he takes
like I said earlier I'm not trying to
tell coffee at all
yeah man Devin Booker I don't take the
Longo time me and I look great all
constantly me and Eric Bledsoe talk on
telly
the only reason I'll say in my blog is
because every time I do mention it
oh you think you're cool because you're
friends with Devin Booker so I don't
even mention anymore but we do attack
from time to time I really said PS
please don't tell Brandon I know you
guys are friends identical you didn't
tell me I see you
he said I'm all for it let me know the
details and I will see what works best
good to hear from you hope everything is
good what the fuck did you tell him I
mean I can't tell you what an actual
surprises oh my gosh oh my gosh God
right like when I see him we say what's
up I text him I talked to him he talks
to me he watched my videos and I still
get this hype I just I don't know but
anyway God what the fuck is going on I
just said as a joke
look this is out started you said I just
want to get him something that you know
he really wanted and I said oh why
didn't you get me Devin Booker
haha wink wink as a joke and she said
well
about that I said what and that really
is Devin Booker trophy nothing that can
help me talk um ah we haven't touched up
on everything so so far I'm not really
sure but I wanted to do something huge
for ramen and I'm so excited because
this is just the beginning of them
bragging with dices wait how did he
replied you like I have no idea how he
saw it like I was actually literally so
lucky because he doesn't follow me on
anything well you get these messages all
day from girls girls are on his dick so
I don't get how he replies to yours
shout-out to Devin you were real one
that's crazy that he saw your messages
and replies I got so lucky to imagine
how many girls message him everyday now
saying guys no offense but you know like
Devin Booker is like he's kind of
handsome
I can for sure love Brandon and that's
why did you tell him you regretted
girlfriend that's right oh oh hand by
himself
I don't know if you saw one of my blogs
earlier but I was sitting courtside and
the league wanted to interview Devin
Booker because he had a really big game
so everyone was waiting to interview him
he walked over to his interview he was
about to start and then he looked at me
and he told the reporter he said wait
hold on he ran all the way to the other
side of the court said what's up to me
talk to her a little bit and then went
back to the reporter I repeat he was
already about to start his interview the
reporter was about to ask the question
he turned around looked at me ran all
the way across the court pushed off the
interview and then ran back to do an
interview so shoutout to Devin you a
real one
okay I came a super-nice and uh Devin
Booker please take my girlfriend please
biggest year he's so he allegedly and
the thing is that I know like it's funny
because I literally met him one time
didn't take a picture probably said one
word to him and he was not nice to me so
I appreciate that because like I can
imagine he's a super hot rod that's what
I was thinking it was like I said the
message on my team that are gonna reply
no Devin Booker is super humble he's
Devin your real one thanks for replying
to my girlfriend I know you get not even
exaggerating he probably gets hundreds
and thousands of messages he heard
Sharon
I put on Brandon's girlfriend okay so
you use me forever fine yeah I did yeah
I just I love her give me kiss I love
Bosley more and Devin Booker walking
into that book her honestly I am so
excited for what we're talking about and
I'm so excited to you I wanted to say
thank you guys for watching I know it's
a little different I try so I'm excited
I'm very excited for what we have coming
up for you guys okay so anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much for watching thumbs up give it a
huge thumbs up and I need to wear the
watch
okay guys Bynes editing this video right
now but I just want to know his thoughts
how crazy is it that Jackie got in
contact with him and they're planning
something I don't know like B wait you
don't know what it is do you
she told Brian oh my god okay well you
don't know what it is
no like I just know I saw one message
saying hope all is well I'm all for it
I hope you guys are doing fine is it
crazy it's super baby I think you're in
for a surprise
Oh guys no I you know killing me you're
in for you treat like I'm jealous of you
oh my god
you know I'm sorry
okay guys really quick before this video
and I just want to get your guys
opinions I want you guys to let me know
what you think what do you think is
going on because I'm just as confused as
you guys all I know all we know except
for Jackie obviously she knows what
she's planning but all we know that
Jackie message something to Devon Booker
I don't know what she said but she
mentioned that she was my girlfriend so
he replies to her and what he said we do
know this part he said I'm looking
forward to it I hope all is well for you
guys and I hope everything's fun so I
have no ideas of what when where how I
had no idea all I know is that my
girlfriend got in contact with D book
and he replied and she's planning
something that's all I know
now here's what I think okay so first
and foremost I don't think we should be
expecting anything soon because the NBA
season is still going on Devon
Booker place for the Phoenix Suns and
the Phoenix Sun still has half a season
left they still have twenty-something
more games left and they play almost
every other day so it's almost
impossible and obviously Devin Booker
does not live here in San Diego he lives
all the way in another state but far
away from me so I don't think we should
expect anything soon anytime soon I
think if anything does happen whatever
they're planning I think it's going to
happen in the off season after the
season which is probably around May June
July something around then and my
birthday is June 23rd so I'm guessing
maybe she has something planned for my
birthday
I don't know and she won't tell me and a
lot of people would say oh well also a
weekend is coming up you know they have
like one week off well that is true but
Devin Booker is participating in the
Rising Stars Challenge and participating
in the skills competition so he's not
really free that weekend he's out in New
Orleans doing his thing yeah I am just
as confused as you guys are a what do
you guys think is going to happen you
know when do you think it's going to
happen
my guess is going to be around my
birthday the NBA season is going to be
done by then and Devin Booker might
might have much more free time than he
does right now I don't know Jackie is
she really is the best girlfriend on
earth she goes out of her way every
single day to try to do what's best for
me she goes out of her way to try to
make me happy no matter what it does to
her I mean she got me that gold watch
and then she somehow get Devin Booker's
attention and I love my girlfriend and
it's just certain things like this that
make her the best she always puts me
first
and sometimes I don't agree with it I
always tell her like babe you got to do
some things for yourself you know go out
for yourself have fun with yourself and
she's just always constantly thinking
about me so shout out to my girlfriend I
love you obviously everybody knows that
and you know that mostly and also shout
out to Devin Booker because he did not
need to reply to her he did not need to
promise anything he did not need to
agree to any of this whatever they're
planning and he did anyways so book
shout out to you by the way whenever
this happens we're going to have a talk
because we've talked ever since then
we've texted and he hasn't told me
anything so by the way got my girl
is a little upset she said she wanted to
keep it a whole surprise but she didn't
want to tell me anything until it
happened but she said it kind of slipped
out and she's blaming me she said I
baited her into it I said babe I'm
jokingly said oh well you should have
got me Devon Booker all she would have
to say was oh haha but it said she said
well about that so that's very fall
that's not my fault
but she is a little upset she said she
wanted to save it altogether but she
kind of spilled the beans but anyway I
still don't know what it's fully is I
have no idea when I have no idea what I
have no idea how I don't know I have no
clue so this is eating me inside you
guys know how excited I am and how
anxious I just I don't know what's going
on and I would kill to know but Jackie
is not telling me so we just got to wait
it out whatever happens happens anyway
thank you guys so much for watching this
video
crazy I did not believe Radford you guys
saw my face I was like don't lie stop
lying I did not believe it so have a
good Sunday well I don't even know what
to say this is crazy
Jackie best girlfriend on earth so yeah
for those people getting their hopes up
I don't think we should expect anything
soon because the Phoenix Suns are in
season and it's highly doubt Devin
Booker is going to do all the stuff in
seasons NBA players have way too much
going on they have too many practices
too many games
