okay guys so we just made it to Vaughn
now if you're wondering why I'm at
Vaughn well I'll explain later on in
this video or actually you probably
already know because of the title but I
was planning on explaining later on in
the video but I just thought about it
you guys are already going to know why
I'm here because of the title so I might
as well just tell you now baby powder on
donut prank on my brother Brian so I'm
about to go buy the powdered donut which
in case you guys don't know is one of
Brian's favorite snacks and we'll go
back home to execute this prank darn it
I was looking forward to explaining it
at home you know build up the suspense
oh wise you have on oh my gosh and now
it's all ruined because of the title and
I didn't think about it till right now
but anyways let's go buy the powdered
donut and head back home to prank my
brother oh my god I just noticed I have
so much gray on my outfit look gray
jacket white and gray shirt gray shorts
too much great way too much someone got
to teaching about style I got to listen
to Russell let's look more Fashion Week
okay guys so we're on behind for
powdered Donuts and I have no idea where
they are
every time I can't find something at a
grocery store I'm Way too stubborn to
ask the workers I always say I can find
it on my own oh oh they should be here
with all the cakes and cookies
my mom used to get so mad at me when we
would go grocery shopping together I
would never be able to find the stuff
and she'd be like oh just ask the
workers and I'm like no mom I can find
it on my own
trust me and I don't know where the hell
are the donuts there's cookies ooh these
look good and my body's for myself these
are so sweet they taste so bomb but
they're filled with sugar I swear hmm
when excuse me uh do you know where the
powdered doughnuts are okay thank you I
caved in I was in a totally different
section so good thing I ask is because I
went out looking for them we made
straight eye contact me and the workers
so I had to ask found them let's just
pretend I never asked and I found them
on my own right here and go make this
purchase hey Rachel please you don't
want to be in it guys is my old coworker
Rachel I haven't seen her in a while so
it's good to see you where's Connor oh
he's off guys I used to work with both
of them at my old job Talon Talon met my
friends low friend he's in love with you
guys insidious
it's up to Talon okay guys so I bought
the donuts and I was about to head back
home to execute this prank right but
then I spotted dunder none you guys
can't see that is chick-fil-a man I
can't be this close to 6:00 lame leave
without getting it so no harm no foul to
these doughnuts if they wait a couple
minutes while I go get some chicks away
I'll get Brian some chicks away too just
in case he's super upset about the prank
I'll be like yellow here's a consolation
prize he's probably gonna think I prank
the chicks Oy too but yeah I'm sorry
guys I can't be this close to explain
just go home without getting any so onto
chick-fil-a chick-fil-a mignon steak I
don't know why I said I just felt like
saying it honestly made no sense but
I'll say it again chick fillet mignon
steak it just rolls off the tongue
can't you tell me Sophia can I please
get to chick-fil-a sandwiches thank you
Thank You Man appreciate it
chick-fil-a workers are so nice it's
like it has me thinking that they're
robots or something they're just so nice
never have I came to chick-fil-a and
they've been mad or angry a one on the
service chick-fil-a oh shit my turn and
I don't have my car
thank you it just makes you want to be
nice right back 30 times we do this let
them turn yeah but that's the only way
to fly homeless guys okay guys
perfect where's Bryan in the shower
having a concert okay mom I'll tell you
what I'm doing I need to go upstairs
really quick oh my gosh mom did you see
Bosley in the blanket okay guys perfect
I thought I was gonna be in a room and I
was gonna have to sneak the doughnuts in
but Bryan's in the shower having his own
damn concert he brings his little
Bluetooth in there oh wait I need a
plate hold on I saw Bryan takes like 30
minutes hours could he brings a
Bluetooth speaker and you just camped
out every day hey Bosley I'm gonna prank
Ryan yes
also I need it with the rats mom I'm
gonna put baby powder on the doughnut on
the white woman I haven't told anyone
guys I would really just thought about
it when I woke up anyways as you can
tell by now this is going to be a baby
powder oh wait let me get the baby
powder we already have some at home baby
powder on powdered donut prank now I've
seen a lot of these on YouTube so I'm
not going to credit any single person
I'm just going to say obviously I'm not
going to basic this prank there's been a
lot of them on YouTube for those who
don't know Bryan loves powdered Donuts
and we haven't had anything at the house
in a while
Brides too lazy to go by and I haven't
brought any to the help so he's going to
be super stoked super excited to see
these oh wait first let me get one
myself
mmm so good so if you're wondering why I
got a plate it's because I'm going to
put a couple of donuts on the plate with
the baby powder because I don't want to
waste the whole bag now for those
wondering why
pranking Brian if you don't keep up with
my brother channel he has pranked me two
times over the past week or two first he
did a burning car prank where he
pretended that my car was on fire my new
car and I was like oh my god blah blah I
freaked out and then just recently he
did a dead rat in my brother's bed prank
he bought and I'm not joking
they weren't fake like they weren't
props from Target or Party City they
were real dead rats that they sell at
Petco and he spread them across my bed
and I sat on one and then I picked it up
and up like my brother down one was too
far that one was disgusting so I guess
this is like a little prank war because
I got my brother with the mealworms and
his sandwich and then he got me back
with the burning car soft like okay
Brian were even I got you with the worm
you got me with the burning car we're
done we did truth said he comes up with
the dead rats in my bed and I'm like
Brian you already got me with the
burning car and how many pranks are
going to do so I guess now this is a
prank war if you want to call it that a
brother prank war I thought my by it's
on I have to get him back now
oh god it's so funny I swear Brian when
I think he has a concert in the shower I
am not exaggerating I need to catch him
for one of my blogs he legitimately
sings his heart out in the shower he
played his Bluetooth speaker so loud so
you can't really hear his voice but if
you're close enough to about when you
could hear him singing so funny so I
don't know like we'll pull it will put
six that looks like a reasonable
reasonable amount and we'll save the
rest so that Brian can actually eat them
later
he's probably other thing I pranks these
ones too but no Brian when you watch
this video you draw the good one and the
trix plays good I'm not pranking you
Brian so when I said I got you a
sandwich and some fries I really did but
now pops open the baby powder and oh my
god this is perfect look you can't even
tell that the baby powder is on here oh
my god this is perfect look let me show
you an example pop they got it squirted
by face according to my face sounds
familiar shout out Jackie for the one in
the middle filled with baby powder and I
swear it looks similar too
all the other ones this is perfect you
can't even tell oh my god I'm gonna love
this prank let's just keep on pulling oh
shit I just came with a better look I
swear you can barely even tell okay now
I need to kind of blow some of it off
because a little too much ah I'm gonna
go get a new plate because there's baby
powder all over here so I'm gonna put
them in a new plate but look this is
perfect you cannot tell at all that
there's baby powder on these look they
just look like regular powdered Donuts
so let me go get another plate really
quick oh he's playing my song 21 in
afraid cute mom do you like this song do
you like the song mom when you have time
come look at the donuts they you cannot
tell that there is any baby powder on
them okay well since I've got a new
player module put some more baby powders
it's like the donuts have a rash on
their ass that's why you're putting all
the baby powder on them and now let's
transfer the donuts one shoutout Devin
Booker to shout out eric bledsoe three
shout out Jared Dudley four shout out
Tyson Chandler five and six see this you
can see all the baby powder but when I
switch them in the play you can't see
anything so now we just have mom
none of itself look don't they just end
at nothing right
can you try one okay so mom now the big
deal is how're ya put them on the table
and set my camera okay that's what I'm
saying he loves powdered donut and he
hasn't ate yet today so there's gonna be
perfect okay guys so I feel like if I
just straight up walking to Bryan's room
and be like hey Bryan try these
doughnuts I feel like that's too obvious
sided to prank so what I'm going to do
I'm just going to leave them on the
table and set my camera up somewhere and
the good thing Bryan already loves
powdered Donuts he hasn't had them in a
while we haven't had them at the house
and he has not ate breakfast yet so
hopefully he'll go there fast before my
camera dies if I leave them on the table
and my camera dies and then he eats it I
would oh it sucks this prank would be a
complete fail so let's go do that he's
still
ooh now he's listening to me goes shout
out quavo oh shit almost fell almost
fell oh my god I choose someone who's
dead holy shit the Dodos almost fell ah
this is such a cute set up you want some
buzzing okay I guess I'll just mom I'm
just gonna leave them and I'm not going
to say anything
well no no if he's taking too long my
camera is about to die I'll just be like
did you see mom brought Papa doughnuts
that's it yeah he wouldn't trust me we
have to say you brought it we just need
to cover the camera so he doesn't notice
that it's in this pod guys and now we
wait wait for Brian to get out the
shower and eat some powdered doughnuts
okay guys look like before Brian just
come and we execute this prank tonight
is the NBA slam dunk contest Skills
Challenge on three-point contest this is
one of my favorite nights a year so fun
to watch and shout-out Derrick Jones jr.
is participating in the dunk contest I'm
a roofer in to win he's the underdog and
also getting booked at competing in the
skills competition I don't know why he's
not a three-point contest why they put
him in the skill competition but I'm not
complaining because now that sounds have
two participants Devin Booker I'm gonna
be rooting for him to win the skills
competition and Derrick Jones jr. I'm
hoping you in this dunk contest it's one
of my favorite nights of the year and I
love watching it even when the Suns
don't have any player now the subtypes
two players participating it's going to
make it even more fun look you can't
even tell what it is right yeah you can
try one guys look how real they look
Jackie came and tell what I did I poured
baby powder all over them
that's perfect Brian is god she's still
doing his concert how long does bind
standard Oh knock down some shots up
Brian there's a long concert ha
Brian's going over time with his concert
today that's like ten songs
he's probably jacking off honestly
Jackie thought she wants to try it just
for fun for the video this is what makes
her the best wait why does it look like
to wait
if you like it then you're not normal
but you can try it I would put you on my
strange addiction if you were to like it
she voluntarily was like wait I want to
try it this is bad
okay don't always spit it out just throw
it away
what I like to enjoy no they don't eat
the inside go one else are you going to
hear me say spit it out don't swallow
this your only chance is it bad you
wanted to try I don't know why you
wanted to try it let's leave the rest
for a little rugrat guys so brian taking
way too long phone we just try to get
and I'm going to tell me I'm just trying
again in the kitchen
edek we're both came out and supposedly
you would actually okay mom you see no
big ego you get bigger and bigger and
singled in yeah yeah I'm not a square
we're going to eat you know black is our
human month
don't magic for you guys yeah I think it
doesn't I'm just like holy crap oh shit
Donna hmm
how much is filled up one by oh hey
what's in it why my mom thank you buddy
man what the fuck is this actually pop
you're acting so annoying
wash your face right baby
watch my feet
what laughing babies are ready baby
I don't think how much go over the chair
and my finger but also mighty thing
that's not happening give me a smile for
inflation it's a new flavor of a hostess
donut I need to taste that first oh they
look so perfect all the stuff he plays
every every little fucking shit
okay guys I thought I was going to take
a flight into the donut nobody told me
was going to a jacket like a luggage
like a wild animal like an alligator
that piece of fucking deer you barely
you ate it on my gun and my Appa
definitely did you guys forget about the
dead right
oh yeah the dead listen guys so Brian I
prank you with baby powder on white
donut hey I know I love how happy were
you when you tell the donuts on the
table that when I move when I get the
mealworm prank on Brian and he got me
back with the burning car I was like
okay fair he did one he got me back for
the one I did then when he did the dead
rat I was like two to one are we
breaking one dark spot happier wait no
like the taste is really just baby tire
good teeth look so white
maybe I should start eating big daughter
called us teeth whitening stone how bad
was it one through two I didn't take
that resin and it just teaches like
really weird I know this is button bump
Jackie tried one for fun okay guys I
hope you enjoyed this video a bunch of
people were asked me to prank Brian back
after he did the dead rat prank honestly
how that is in that yeah I don't think
this compared to the dead rat Brian that
one was bad if you thought this was bad
no that was nothing compared to dead rat
I must to get him back again but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video like I said
earlier tonight is all-star Saturday
night so if you guys aren't doing
anything be sure to watch it it's really
fun to watch
nonetheless I hope you're going to enjoy
now anything I tasted any baby powder
like behind you it's baby powder
had the prank war begun or had it not
officially been declared no it's already
begun oh okay you started I don't care
yeah I might have done years ago okay
official prank war has started thank you
guys so much for watching this video I'm
probably going to regret starting this
prank war because Brian is the original
prankster of this household so he might
be getting me back in a really bad way I
just got to keep my eyes open I can't go
to sleep anymore I can't let my guard
down I got to be aware 24/7 anyways I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of your
Saturday and thank you so much for
watching this video
peace out guys watch is anything I prank
these ones too
okay Brian I have the real ones yeah are
you sure those ones aren't prank I win
something okay buzz you want to try the
baby powder one
