so guys it's like 2:30 in the morning
right and I got out of my Oregon of
those brass band like his car and
literally there's fucking eggs all over
it and I'm so fucking mad for him
because this is so fucking messed up
like I can stain a car and there's
literally yolk all over it I just don't
know who has the type of time to do this
and so late at night like why did you
think of doing that
and I think he's like the only car that
they got it was anybody else's first of
all it's so late and I'm scared I'm so
scared of the dark but I just want to
check the other ones too
I think it was literally just I ate but
why would you do that like I just don't
see the point of vandalizing someone's
house I guess some people think that's
like funny but it's not like you're
literally making people to work at their
home I am just in shock not only that
there's cameras everywhere in their
houses so like I just don't understand I
don't even want to wake him up because
he's upstairs and he's so tired he
literally works all the time just so
that he could put out videos for you
guys and this house like I don't know
this is just like messed up you guys
like honestly and the time of day that
it is I don't think
well like look so that's like all the
eggs there literally so many eggs
and those eggs right there I don't know
if they at the door I'm kind of scared
to look
or maybe just like here specifically not
really sure but look at the car
literally I'll like egg everywhere on it
I don't know if you guys could see it my
life is super bad but if you can't see
it as slowly like stains all over it
like on the back too
and right there look like why would you
do this I'm so upset because full stunts
the type of time and I'm going to clean
it because like I know that egg stains
cars at least I've heard of that so not
trying to let have him take that rest
like literally look enough you guys can
see but it's just like all over the car
looks like dirt mixed with so but look
this egg all over right there didn't get
the windows luckily just don't
understand anybody and that's so
annoying because it's so late right in
is much nicer than me like he looks at
situations and it's like oh well I can't
do anything about it I literally get so
mad like and then I have to put water on
it because there's literally so much of
it like on the grill inside there like
on the floor even if that shit comes off
because that's literally one of the
things that you don't do to someone it's
really 2:00 in the morning
excuse me which I am just so mad Brian
in tomorrow for comforts and I'm not I
am so upset that this happened literally
like seven towels to clean because
there's like so many like areas that I
got in the car I don't even know if I
got like everything out of it because
it's so dark like I'll try to show you
guys I try to clean it up as much as I
could so like it's pretty much gone I
hope I thought it was like kind of
staining at the top like right over here
now you probably can't see it
but just what I could see from the light
so I tried taking that off first of all
because I haven't even told him like I
don't want to go wake him up and be like
hey babe Johnson week you know because
someone decided to throw eggs at your
car like he takes care of his car so
much and obviously you work so hard to
get it and then to have people like come
and do that to him like I just don't get
it why can't you just let someone be
like you really have to you took your
time out of your day to go get the eggs
or take out the eggs drive here egg
someone's car and then leave like what
is the point of that just to hurt
somebody else like not even that there's
cameras like you can get caught like I'm
literally just ranting because it's
fucking 3:45 in the morning or I don't
even know what time it is
and so upset people are like oh yeah
will he like I don't know I came
thinking of things to say and I can't
because I feel like everything that
comes out of my mouth right now I was
going to be so fucking rude and I'm not
a rude person but like things like this
get me heated and I don't know no idea
Oh time for me good to shift okay guys
so I just woke up and look at this
so obviously Jackie told me what
happened when I woke up and when I
opened my window to look at my car I saw
this and this is something that Jackie
hadn't even seen so there's a yoke to
rule my blind and so what happened was
look check this out they look at this
so okay look the egg right here the egg
on my roof and then there's still some
on top of my car
look it literally like went through look
at this
whoever threw this egg was pretty strong
cuz it like fucking bent this I don't
know so I just want to show you guys
this part because we watched over a
Jackies part of the footage and she
thought oh my gosh look at this this was
personal
only my car no one else's car and my
window yikes yo are these people
supid look there's a camera right here
facing the exactly where they threw the
eggs and face in the car I mean how do
you not see this they were legitimately
looking straight into the camera so I
don't know and there's multiple cameras
there's one right there by the door
there's one on the side of the gate and
there's just one right here how do you
not see this yeah that's what Jackie
didn't know Jackie thought it was just
my car we didn't see all this until she
woke up and I opened the window just to
check my car and when I opened it to
check my car I was like wait what's the
hell so guys I'm not sure what I did to
them to deserve it
I don't know what I did wrong literally
all I do is play basketball and watch
basketball and make youtube videos I'm
not sure how I could have possibly heard
someone to the point for them to do this
but a people do what they want to do so
I guess
what they wanted to do okay guys I'm
sure a lot of you guys were wondering
what is Brandon's reaction going to be
like when he wakes up
you know my brand-new car I've only had
this car for about two months I put my
blood sweat and tears into this it's my
most prized possession I've never worked
harder for anything in my life than for
that car so a lot of people were
wondering how is he going to react like
Jackie said earlier on in the video I'm
more of the type of person to where I
could get myself all heated I could get
myself all pissed off but then I just
look at it like what's the point the
people already came here they threw the
eggs whether I get mad or no matter how
mad I get I can't go back in time and
undo the eggs rolling I can't go back in
time and not make the eggs in my car so
whatever happened happened that's just
the type of person I am I'd rather not
get worked up over something I can't
change I can't change the fact that my
car got eggs and apparently my window
and I don't know the roofs got eggs and
don't get me wrong I'm only saying that
you've got to let it go and you can't
get yourself pissed about it because
it's already happened now it would be a
much different story if I woke up while
they was going to eggs that would be a
much much different story that would not
be a I'll just let it go it already
happened no that would be a people that
know me personally that are watching
this video I'm sure you guys know what
would happen if I actually saw the
people throw the eggs at my car it would
not whatever I'm not I'm going to try to
act up or whatever for this video but
let's just say that I wouldn't be pretty
that's one part the second reason why
I'm not getting two pitches because come
here you can step in for this part so we
talked to the police and I guess the
idiots who threw the eggs didn't realize
that we have cameras in every single
angle of our home look I came and
stopped a smile for this part so we have
cameras on a roof we have a camera on
our door we have we have cameras all
around the house so we contacted the
police police saw the footage and let's
just say that these people were it I
guess the smartest people they weren't
the brightest kids yeah we spoke to the
police
this is perfect honestly they told me
not to show the camera footage Jesse
cuz we came to a conclusion that with
these people egging my car and my roof
probably what they wanted was just
camera time they just wanted to be
featured in a video and so the cops told
me you know don't show them in the video
because that's what they wanted however
if you got do want to see who these
people are they're most likely going to
be at the police station in a couple
hours they're going to be or they might
be there by now who knows when the cops
decided to whatever the cops want to do
with them I don't know but so anyway let
me just go on to say that these people
were idiots we have cameras all around
the house police were on it like that so
shout-out to you guys um you're going to
be in a hell of a lot of trouble like I
said I wish I could show the camera
footage picking up when they do the eggs
or whatever but we decided my family and
the cops due to multiple reasons we'll
just you guys wanna go see them they'll
be at the San Diego police station later
on so we're not going to put them in I
just want to give a huge shout out come
here in my lap listen I was in shock my
girlfriend now I don't care what anybody
says she has to be the best girlfriend I
used to say the best girlfriend on
YouTube no she has to be the best
girlfriend on earth listen she went out
there at 2:00 in the morning stayed out
for one hour she didn't get back in bed
till about 3:00 a.m. clean my car all by
herself mind you she didn't wake my mom
up she didn't wake my dad up she didn't
wake me up she went out there on her own
which don't do that again because that's
dangerous you can't go out after
somebody they could have been hiding
somewhere I don't know I went through
and I got me cash me out I really
honestly okay no I don't know she she
went out stayed out and she's sick
she ate sick oh my god so okay hold on
now my leg hurts I know everybody says
too much but anyway guys so I was
talking about huge shout-out to my
girlfriend I told her when I woke up and
she told me I said first of all I was in
shock I was like wait you cleaned the
whole car I rewatched the footage that
she took with my camera and Alice
speechless I was like No who else would
do
wake up at 2:00 a.m. because I guess she
heard something outside so she went
downstairs without waking me up but by
the time she went the kids had already
left she cleaned my whole car she then
asked my mom for help she didn't wake my
dad up she didn't wake my brother up she
didn't wake me up when I woke up I was
I'm not gonna say I was mad but I was
like why would you not like why would
you do that by yourself it was late it
was cold and you know it's not your car
I should have been the one who cleaned
it and follow boss she said that I was
working really really hard yesterday for
a video I was editing for a really long
time and I just been working super hard
recently on my videos and I hardly get
any sleep so she said that she didn't
want to wake me up and August because my
hand my hand is still hurt so I don't
know I was I was speechless I was like
you really cleaned my whole card so
obviously shout out to my girlfriend I
think everybody if you fall under on
Twitter Instagram or if you somehow see
her in person I think we all need to say
thank you to her because first of all
she got my camera and decided to vlog it
I'm you're a blogger that's what she got
my camera vlog day and the most
important part she cleaned it all up my
car looks spotless for someone at 2:00
in the morning someone who's sick to go
out there and clean and scrub the whole
car you weren't even wearing shoes he
wasn't even wearing shoes
it was cold it was foggy and just I
don't know so obviously thank you to my
girlfriend when I think that okay she's
already perfect like she can't do
anything more to show that she's more
perfect she goes and does stuff like
this so am i flirting with you don't
make me blush you should have woke me up
yeah why it's my car I should have been
the one who cleaned it ya know because
yesterday you and I are talking I was
telling you I always tell them that it
needs to be healthy because I feel like
it doesn't eat you know who sleep he
worked so hard and I was like I'm gonna
wake you up while you're sleeping
well thanks we did have a talk yesterday
guys I was just telling her how I hardly
get any sleep I don't even have time to
eat because
I don't even have time to eat because I
put so much work and effort into my
videos so I guess you didn't want to
wake me up look how clean this looks
compared to what it was before look babe
thank you we're still going to take it
to a wash just in case I'm going to
clean up there my window my roof look
maybe a little bit of disdain there's
still some eggs
but anyway shout out to the people who
decided to come by and do this to my car
in my house because you are in a
shitload of trouble right now who knows
by the time this video comes out you
might be in the back of the cop car on
the way to the police station or god
knows what but just remember there's
cameras at every angle of the house
whether it's facing the street facing
the driveway there's cameras we have
cameras so I don't know I guess you they
know that or you just thought that the
cameras were fake I'm not sure okay well
I just wanted to say I'm not usually a
mean person like it just took me off for
him we are here I'll say what you're
trying to say Jackie what Jackie is
trying to say is that she came off
really rude and really mean in the first
couple minutes of this video but what
she trying to say is that's not the type
of person she was
she was just super pissed off and super
upset not for herself she was super
pissed off for me because like we said
we had just had a talk before we went to
sleep that night about how she thinks
I'm not healthy I don't get enough sleep
you know I work very very very hard on
that I never really go out with friends
I never really you know even when I go
play basketball I used to play for like
three or four hours and now I only play
for like 30 or 40 minutes she just said
that I just need to kind of just live
life that I'm taking life way too
serious so then she said you know right
after we have that talk and you know my
answer to her because I'm stubborn I'm
just like no babe I need to keep going
hard with YouTube I'm to keep working
hard at it so obviously when this
happened to my car right after we have
that talk that obviously pissed her off
because anyway guys I hope you enjoyed
this video this wasn't the type of video
I planned on bringing out today but hey
things happen those people will get
theirs I just wanna know how they feel
knowing that they had a sick
many year-old girls go out there at 2:00
in the morning and clean a hook I don't
know like you feel cool knowing that you
made a sick 20 year old female a girl go
out there dangerous world that we live
in and clean a whole car does that make
you feel cool because I mean in my head
that's what makes you a bitch that's
what makes you guys pussies that doesn't
make people cool but I don't know if
that's what you guys consider cool where
you're from then I guess and we are
going to be like oh if you should or
just clean that in the morning they
don't want the egg on the car she's a
good girlfriend she didn't want it to
stain yeah I was a bad situation
honestly thank you guys for watching
this video and hopefully it will be back
to regular videos soon because this was
in the video I planned on uploading
thank you so much for watching
you know before I started taking YouTube
this seriously I used to go out with
friends I used to hang out with family I
used to play basketball much much more
and now it's like I don't even have time
to even text back my old friend I don't
even have time to eat I don't even have
time to go say what's up to my old
family who live right down the street so
me and Jackie had a little talk and then
of course this happened right after we
had that talk
oh my gosh stop cleaning dump cleaning
and I know a lot of people would be much
more upset they'd be much more mad than
I am at this moment and I spoke to a lot
of friends who are like we Oh what the
fuck you know blah blah blah but I just
look at it as I just you can't do
anything about it the more pissed you
get yourself you know the more mad the
more angry you get you just can't change
the fact that it happened so there's no
point but I appreciate all my friends
who you know what's the fuck yo let's go
volleyball you know I appreciate you
guys you know what does though is that
every single night I parked my car in
the garage I have a spot and I parked my
car in the garage last night was the one
night where I'm like yo you know I'm
just I'm really tired right now I'm
about to fall asleep so I'm just gonna
leave it outside for one night and boom
but
