it's the most wonderful time although
you know what me men decide were not
normal
oh yeah I'm sure you guys already know
because you watch my videos but in case
you don't know like me and Dennis are
not normal like really poor not normal
like like there's no specific thing that
happened that made us realize damn we're
not normal we just kind of put
everything together on the biggest thing
we came to a conclusion of is that every
time somebody hangs out with us they
lose brain cells all for sure you guys
watch me lose roommates yeah that's our
important warning we might lose brain so
wait we forgot to say watch the most
wonderful time of the week Oh haircut
when he sleeps tux on basketball when he
gets a haircut talks about Basilone he
plays basketball it talks about
basketball hey Brandon won't even touch
on my basketball Dennis are you nervous
that being sharp are you gonna stop
talking about basketball though I mean
what's going on honestly I don't think
one basketball where that came out at
Dennis is about this whole haircut so
what do you talk about then freaking
dogs damn Danny's look fresh I can't oh
oh she recording I didn't know it that's
my vegan
you hear you play they hear on your head
on your body oh man I'm so thirsty AJ I
was wondering do you um do you have a
water bottle or no meter are you oh oh
the hardest part of the day figuring out
what to eat with a vegetarian frame oh
yeah oh can we get this no they have me
oh can we get Panda Express no they have
me all coming again start with Japan oh
I'm kind of smoothie but why are you
vegetarian because I hate plants so I
want to eat all the plants I can to like
punish them yeah oh if you set me a
bunch of candy and Gatorade is gonna
come out and like basketball Phoenix
Suns well what happens if you stab Jay
what's gonna come out greens broccoli
zucchini squash grass no guys my man
gave me my news I actually met him for
the first time over two years ago from
the start I broke his leg so he supports
me watching my video then I break his
freakin leg and then a one for Devin
Booker no chicken hey who's Jay picking
a gift for a girl
I don't know but Valentine's Day is
smaller this is definitely not the men's
section maybe get it for me
you think so hey Jay who's your
Valentine bro Jay Jay Jay he's talking
to the worker ten-and-a-half girl AJ's
in love but we don't know who though we
got to get to the bottom of this what is
he's getting catfished oh I see and you
freaking betrayers betray us that's all
yours and make new friends okay Jay
I see how it is Janna watch what no make
new friends I hope you have a ride home
I hope you have a rival what just no
you're not coming with us we came
together how do you end up before he
comes and to top it off you're making
new friends what you duck I just don't
get it why would we come into it we gave
him a ride he said your car's shirtless
you sang this car shirtless Jake and you
freakin leaveth and you make new friends
just know that's fake and don't act like
you don't hear me either
I'm not ears often why not he's scared
look no watch Jay watch it just makes no
sense like okay you see me Dennis let's
say you pick me up and you let me see in
your car shirtless his dirty body
imagine it was just at the gym what I
don't get is why were you walking by
yourself my friend
okay how about you Lou friend gives you
a ride
Brennan pushes him I am pushing in I saw
him about to do something I'm gonna
regret and it shouldn't be on cam cam
let's go I'm gonna say Jay it's like and
the don't touch him don't touch me the
best part was he's going up the
escalator I'm yelling at him and he acts
like he doesn't hear me he's putting his
back at you I cater you did that I wish
I wish my kids did that I wish hey man
you want to go in the car yeah let's go
well hey if I get into any more
oh I just want to say shout out to
everybody we mask them all but we met so
many more members of the blonde squad
and it's just crazy like the smile on
people's faces when they meet me and I'm
just like I don't know what I'd do like
I just hold a camera up to my face play
basketball I go to sleep I eat I'm just
a normal person but people get so happy
so it's so cool when I meet you guys and
but today my dad and my brother got back
from Dubai so we were on the way to the
house and I'm about to see my dad and
Brian I miss them so much
how long haven't I seen that broken I
love my family I'm usually with them
almost every day so I miss my brother I
miss my dad
not to mention I miss Bosley even though
he never left I saw him like oh my gosh
it's been so long since I've seen this
the basketball hoop my dad looked like
he hadn't been you know much fun hey Dad
how many fans did you meet envy snapped
I saw my daddy was freaking taking
pictures with fans meeting them styling
stuff at least thousand pictures on the
event I took oh my god he's thousand
commented in the video I got for them so
who would I ever thought my dad oh I'm
editing a video right now of me meeting
fans like who would have ever thought
that's great
we miss you dad miss Brian rise up in
the shower so we still haven't seen it
oh can I record him the show the video
might get taken down with oh no it's
face drug they giving 17 Brian's real
like Brian illegal obviously I'm Murray
no but like I forgot like a little bit
when I heard Ryan voice out like waiting
I don't know I just forgot Brian was a
real person you act like you act like
you've been talking to him online and
you finally met him for the first time
Jimmy here's and I finally met Brian
even money kicks that next time you're
coming to know what I don't talk to
money because he knocked you out and he
was talking about it the whole time like
anytime your name got brought up
oh it most about
play knockout see you're calling money
kicks was behind it he knocked me up oh
no I forgot what Brian felt like tell
them he's vegetarian no because also
tell them sometimes when the cameras off
he eats me sorry side this announcement
that we are about to give you I've been
holding it in for so long I might have
slipped it out a couple of times this
announcement that I'm about to put you
guys is I'm sure something that a lot of
you guys have been waiting to hear I
know something that I've been waiting to
do and I don't should I just say are
they ready to hear it so what's one
thing me you know my family all those we
love when we go out in public what do
you love so I've been in talks with a
lot of people and we are thinking of
going on a tour we don't know exactly
the specifics of the tour just yet but
you already know if it's gonna be
involving me it's gonna involve
basketball so how would you like it to
not only meet me but how about play some
basketball with me maybe challenge to a
one-on-one I feel like it would just be
such a fun idea in such a great time so
what I need you guys to do while I
figure out when I will be going on tour
I need you guys to help me out with one
thing please click the link in the
description box down below and if you
follow the instructions there you can
vote for your city because I do want to
meet all you guys however I can't go to
every single city in the world there's
no way so I want you guys to vote for
your city and look the votes don't count
you comment down below or if you tweet
me those do not count the only way your
vote will count is if you click the link
in the description down below this tour
is going to be exciting it's going to be
the first-ever Bravada tour in every
single show I want to bring special
guests for example for the San Diego
show I wanna bring my brothers my mom my
dad and every other show I want to bring
my friends I want to bring you knows
there's special guests in that city that
I want to come out I just want to make
this exciting I want to make it fun and
I need you guys Intel so please click
the link in the description down below
vote for your guys in city and I can't
wait so I got more details but we've
never done anything like this and I
can't wait to meet all of you guys okay
guys so it's time for my basketball game
right now oh look at this my solid yoga
Mel are you ready please don't make us
lose again go please like you're luckier
sama - yes I just wanna say I'm really
really excited for this tour I can't
wait for a chance to meet all you guys
I've always said that my goal is to meet
every single person who's ever watched
my video and I think the show that's
gonna be the most is the one that I
bring my whole family to but no matter
what every single show I'm gonna try to
bring all my friends some of my family
maybe some special guests so every
single show is gonna be lit and the fact
that it's related to basketball is gonna
be amazing so
Oh Mel Oh Brandon not here cooking on
them oh yeah people on the right now
already yeah no ii baked
okay so let me just get this straight so
ro Milken hit ten three-pointers in a
row from freaking Steph Curry Devin
Booker range combined he can hit ten
threes in a row with freakin five guys
hands up in his face but he can't make a
open layup I mean I just
what role Mel
like that
there we go there's a three I asked for
you let people study your game so much
by posting it on YouTube
Oh
Oh
oh hey his back is literally hurting
from caring you guys I'm hurt
emotionally hey I'm a son Stan I'm
always very emotional
we got Kenny over there limping my whole
team
ain't nobody play until next week except
me including a good friend a remote
you're ready to sleep in your car cuz
there's no way you're getting out bro
100% me and REM are going to the
chiropractor and then you have this lazy
ass Dennis it takes one second to back
out and go the right way this guy's at
88 this guy's an idiot he doesn't all
the time watch Dennis oh my gosh I'm
going with Romel to comfort him my
presence is agony anyways guys it's time
to close out this video thank you guys
so much for watching for our team we won
so shout out to my teammates we had a
good win oh and I hope you guys are
excited about the tour oh you already
know I have to bring Romel to all the
tour dates but he doesn't bring me how's
he gonna score
so I hope you guys are excited for the
tour remember you must vote by clicking
the link in the description if you
comment the city your aim those votes do
not count so please click the link in
the description get your city to be
listed as one of the cities for the tour
and I can't wait to meet all you guys
other than that thank you guys so much
for watching today's video
brandon here AKA bharata's i'm out
rahmel here ok rimmel thank you hurt
really bad
