guys so I'm shooting around right now
almost under the basket I know I know
I'm calling paparazzo this gives so much
pressure for you to make the shot
because a few minutes it's going to hit
my dad's new car so you have to make
your shot my mom keeps saying move the
car move the car but what's so fun about
the game if there is no color so come
here my son you can't do far those you
shoot for you're going to hit the car
and remember he watches your video blue
I'm not going to be okay here so shoot
it some kind of force ok this far is ok
the serious moment in life and when you
shoot it far and it misses and it's
bouncing towards the car and you
literally have to go the same ball you
have to run your fastest ever to try to
save it here I'll shoot it from here
okay once we throw another frito
Oh My you're good and then you can pull
the car up the car is garden he got bail
okay I got that
so much pressure shooting the ball when
you know there's a car right here and
you can't hit him
should I do a three 3-pointers just
begging for it to hit the car the car
has good defense so no matter what we
try to put on it won't move
oh no that was short ah oh no that was
short okay
you know he's going to see that it
literally literally took okay the one
first of all I made the shot oh yeah
that's all count Holloway
just touch the windshield again yep
that's it just barely doesn't it by the
way you look good with those clothes on
look you have to wear basketball shorts
under this way you want to be ready can
easy accident forget you know there was
a fans they called easy access the
zipper in the back little girl yeah yeah
girls yeah we have that anymore
I don't know they might well know
because nowadays this generation they
just take them off anyway so there are
most of the time yeah too early since I
love 2017 Wow
beautiful morning shoot around play some
basketball and play the game called
don't hit your dad's car or going to
beat your ass so you have to make all
your shots by the way notice in that
scene when I was shooting around playing
basketball how many cuts were there zero
cuts between myself so I didn't cut out
my misses
I made all the shit God people don't
realize even in my league basketball
games I don't cut out my misses know I
put my missus to I need to hide my game
if I miss a shot mr. Shaw I'm human I
can't make every single shot that I take
and I don't need to edit it out of the
game you need to have the dice well
short you need to have the basketball
shorts under no matter what you're
wearing at all time just you never know
where you're going to go whether it's a
restaurant or I don't know an amusement
park or the grocery store and someone
just catching you and you trying to ball
up hey yo you trying to play ball you're
like okay you take them off and you're
ready to go you got to always be handy
ninety nine point nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine
nine nine nine point nine percent of
time no one's going to test you to play
basketball but you got to be ready for
that zero point zero zero zero zero zero
zero zero zero one percent chance that
you know maybe once in a blue moon once
in a million years someone is going to
try to ball you open you got to be ready
I'm just joking honestly just more comfy
to wear basketball shorts under the hood
that's how you practice not to be
nervous when you're playing in a super
close game just get car put it under the
hoop know that he'll kill you
the ball touches the car and just try to
make your shot if there's 2 seconds less
than a close game and I have the ball
and we need to score and I'm feeling a
little nervous I could be like yo
remember when I thought my dad was going
to be my ass if I hit his car but I made
the shot I didn't hit his car that's how
you practice shooting under pressure
that's how you practice not being
nervous I mean funny message
mother-daughter duties guys I would love
to help out but vlogging duty hold it
hold it stop right there
before all the comments come down over
water through such a big you know you're
just watching your mom and your
girlfriend carry your mini fridge to
your room why don't you go help out or
whatever before you guys comment that
hold it
I was trying to help out my plan was to
help out I went I picked up the fridge
and they said no we want to do it my mom
and my girlfriend wanted to move it
together I don't know why probably so
they could talk shit about me by
themselves so I said are you sure you
want to do it on your own they said yes
they wanted to move it on their own so
before you kill me in the comment
section no I look at the sun's guerrilla
harambe on my afraid just chilling oh
babe I found the case look guys this can
save you care so much about he just
leave it on the floor huh can we tell
them why we had to bleach the whole
fridge babe was because you had a
headache or what would you I think oh
yeah guys Jackie had a really bad
headache was so I got her these veggies
like you know frozen peas frozen corn
whatever from downstairs and the bag was
open I guess I didn't know the bag was
open so you know she iced her head with
the frozen veggies and we put it back in
my fridge and it was it stayed in there
for so long that the next time I opened
my fridge
I didn't know the bag was open and it
smelled like complete let's just say the
thing that comes out of Bosley when we
take him for a walk that's what my
fridge smells like so we bleed - mom
what was the process Oh Italy stood
like slope and baby Watson we took care
of that fridge and so now it's making
its return back to my room it still
smells oh my gosh away what was it Oh
okra yeah it was like yeah just some
frozen veggies I'm owning no guys my
girlfriend does not stop cleaning I'm
serious
do you have an addiction shout out Girl
Scout cookies you know what time of year
it is mom do you prefer Simoes or Thin
Mints really mine is a toss-up I'm not
sure I got two because I couldn't decide
Samoas and thing me yeah Maya president
on the fridge why did I fridge them yeah
why'd I put them in the fridge I don't
know I feel like cookie tastes better
when they're cold yeah that might be
weird to other people I don't know but I
can't decide Thin Mint and Samoa those
are the top two for me both of them work
but Girl Scout cookies came all like yes
please Oh take some oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa mom do you have a stapler
oh my god what got into you this morning
okay
this matches look at me
oh you look hot out here scrappy oh my
god what kind of where'd you buy this
shirt who sold the shirt yeah I like
because I didn't see the back golly hey
after this three two one oh wait look at
me with the Hat you look hot with the
Hat hey no I
uh-huh well you look hot regular let me
put it why would you call me
what is barter bottle Bob the Builder
look at me you're already hot regular
now with the hat o oh my god who did
this who made it who invent ol MA hold
on babe I'm not annoying
hey that mama here please scale is a
staple
I can't staple your back I'll go to jail
then I'll really be Aaron Hernandez ha
ha Oh No
hold on don't move don't move ok hmm
there we go look guys boy babe move your
hair really quick isn't this much more
fashionable I like this better
oh my god what is happening for Brian
downstairs she I don't know where they
sold that all my is that sir from the
host store at the mall winter guys
winter oh my god they sell literally Hey
she took the tape off oh my god I know
whose kick that is definitely not mine
anymore I'm just joking it's sexy
by the way guys before anybody comments
oMG for what is it so controlling blah
blah like it's a joke I don't really we
just joke around I don't care that her
shirt is like this I already knew was
like that before I used to joke around
and just upload it and blah blah ball
until all the comments started coming
down oh jeez the water is so controlling
he's so crazy I might be a little crazy
I'm not saying I'm completely normal and
I might be a psycho boyfriend a little
more than Jackie
but it's jokes like I don't care for how
before anyone comment I went G Jackie
get out of the relationship before it's
too late brother but then you will just
don't say they didn't warn you because
they warned you
well it's under like a flashy exit like
I closed the door behind because they
warned you
well it was sort of like a flashy exit
like I closed the door behind now but
all honestly guys you know that
reputation where people are like oh
Jackie is a crazy Latina woman no I'm
not crazy I'm still calling you guys
like totally fine like think you are the
crazy one no you always strut the fine
I only start the fight when you talk
shit about Devin Booker and blood so
that's the only time I start the
argument is that true or no we held up
one of our biggest arguments what it was
you already know which one the past
three argument has not were like really
huge where because I said them and
Booker is not cute she literally is such
a liar
look look I like girl obviously I'm look
let's not deny Devin Booker is you know
he's he's handsome he's up there and
Jackie City and no and Jackie City
you're trying to tell me oh he is not
even cute I said babe get the fuck out
of here and she's like no he's not babe
so that was probably one of our biggest
arguments when she tried to tell me that
Devin Booker big you're crazy guys you
know what's funny a picture that's been
tweeted at me a million times has been
the picture of Aaron Hernandez and
everyone keeps saying well it looks
exactly like you this looks exactly like
you because there's a picture of Aaron
Hernandez going around Twitter right now
talking about how he should be playing
in the Super Bowl if he didn't kill like
three people and so everyone keeps
tweeting the picture I mean now look
maybe if I was super buff and I listed
every single day in my life
then maybe I'll look like Aaron
Hernandez so I guess you could say I'm
the brawny skinny middle-eastern version
of Aaron Hernandez and I haven't killed
multiple people I'm not a murderer
well not yet you never know what could
happen if you know me and Jackie are
walking down the street and you know
someone looks at Jackie and you never
know so I haven't murdered anybody yet
but we're not setting up for sure answer
on that yeah you know everyone's saying
I look like Aaron Hernandez and that
Twitter picture yeah
I told them how about me and you go walk
down the street and then I'll really be
in Hernandez um well you might catch
okay you guys know me I just got back
from the gym just got finished playing
basketball yes I know my hand is still
messed up I haven't taught around to
going to the doctors but that's going to
happen soon so you guys are going to not
be on how the hand feels but I was at
the gym earlier playing basketball
okay guys to close this video I just
want to address two things one I just
wanted to let you guys know that
yesterday I did upload
I know YouTube was glitching like crazy
and not just that but I uploaded on a
really really weird time I uploaded it
really late and I'm sure a lot of you
guys were asleep so in case you didn't
get to check out my video yesterday I'm
going to leave the link in the
description below
it was my basketball video you guys love
those you guys always leave so much
positive feedback on those basketball
league videos and it was the most
physical game of the season the rest
even has to stop the game in the middle
and say yo stop being so physical so you
guys are keeping physical almost work on
technical fouls and throwing people out
of the game so if you missed that video
I'll leave the link in the description
below I apologize for uploading it
really late it just took me a very long
time to edit the second thing I wanted
to address we hit 100k on my NBA Channel
and that's just it's crazy it thank you
so much and I say we because obviously
we hit it not means we did it so thank
you guys so much for that I need to
start uploading on that way more
consistently I'm not going to lie it's
kinda hard to upload daily on two
channels so I can't upload daily on that
but I do need to start uploading more
consistently thank you guys so much for
100k for those who don't know yes I have
a second channel it's my NBA channel the
link is also in the description below
and you know I don't play basketball on
that it's just pretty much me talking
about basketball debating basketball
going over you know who I think is going
to get traded you know trade rumors free
agency just stuff like that so you guys
made it possible for me to hit 100k on
that channel and I just want to thank
you guys
other than that thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I also hope you guys
enjoyed the rest of your day but watch
squad
thank you for 100k once again on my
second channel
