are you almost done so okay the game
ends in 27 seconds but in basketball
time that literally takes like five
minutes I swear
well it looks like the times are about
to lose this game what new honestly oh
sorry baby was honestly this has been a
season to forgive for us Phoenix Suns
fans
aside from Devin Booker and Eric was so
really really good play this season has
not been good this is one to forget
anyways I'm in a huge rush we are really
late to a birthday party we're about to
go to babe let's not tell them what
birthday did we're not going to tell you
whose birthday it is until you see it
let me just tell your brain and invited
me like 20 minutes ago so I'm like
literally so nasty and you have to zone
like night guys we were supposed to
leave so long ago so long ago the
reservation is at 8:00 look what time it
is and we're still getting ready because
I'm watching the son's game they kept
texting me where are you hurry up hurry
up but I have to watch the game
I couldn't leave before the game was
over so I stayed here to watch the
Phoenix Suns lose I don't know let's
watch one last play before the game end
bludsoe dribbling down down six oh the
pull-up three who bled show anyways yeah
we're really late to the birthday all
because of some games I didn't want to
miss it
Phoenix comes loose we need to get ready
and are you ready Mary well number one
pick here we come I'll take Marco folds
you know I don't mind
keep looking we'll get the number one
pick I guess but go D book Devin Booker
the sun's getting wasn't the only thing
I was watching though I was watching the
Cavs game the wizard game oh my god
LeBron the King fucking is large
oh my yup yeah that's right hey tell
them what I was doing literally ever
since four o'clock no I know because I
now guys today my whole day was best
well I woke up edited some of my video
went to the gym play basketball then I
came back home and I've been watching
basketball for hours and hours and hours
not just for some game I was watching
all the games today in Avast wanting to
go to this birthday party we're already
late thanks to the Sun game I couldn't
miss it you guys know okay babe we'll go
we'll go
how many times have we been late cuz of
the Suns game four times this just adds
on to the list shout out Anthony Davis
and God for those wondering oh wise the
waters not mad that the sun's off
honestly we've been doing so so bad
recently that at this point Muslims get
the number one page there's no point to
keep winning games just to end up super
short of the playoffs I hate when a team
is in the middle position where you're
not making the playoffs but you're not
getting a top pick you might as well be
there at the bottom or the top so you're
going to be rotated but we need to go
right now so to everybody who was
texting me telling me to hurry up and
come on we're all waiting for you the
reservations about to start I lied to
you I told you guys I was still getting
ready but in reality I was just watching
the sun's game so I'm sorry but you guys
will find out that that was a lie when
you guys watch this logs come on you
know I couldn't miss to something ball
is life sons basketball is life okay
we're not telling them whose birthday it
is rolls we're not talking about no it's
not Mandy say what's up to the vlogs
oh yeah Brian here will say it when we
see heaven okay guys so we're walking in
you're going to find out whose birthday
it is bond we're going to say that the
same time oh there's a crowd there's a
crowd but we'll find him
where is he where is it lazy
happy birthday birthday happy birthday
courtroom jr. how does it feel being a
CI y know how old are dancing how old
are you really
five junior for reelection
forleo my property 40 my penguin no I
thought I got you another five years
over like 18 you go both ways
wait they have sample sushi and no wait
don't tell me
come on sample sushi sample future yeah
but you know how old it is why this
sample worry I'm here this amanda has to
ruin everything
think that oh there's samples for a
reason they're so old okay guys so I
pulled you to the side real quick to
here do you know whose birthday you
shared these mad no no not Steve Nash
deep deep that not Steve Nash the Steve
Steve yes dinner's your honored I'm
telling you I would die the chair
birthday with Steve Nash Steve Nash the
legend jr. is so lucky my gosh calamity
ding for after the dinner UNC today I'm
surprised that Mike I'm not going to
tell you whose birthday did the ends up
being James I have your present out
I would tell junior ever since he was a
kid growing up ever since he was a baby
I like junior do you know how lucky you
are to share a birthday with Steve Nash
and he would be like who the hell Steve
mad I'll be like look junior Steve Nash
I didn't know Jamie pretty crowded here
guys Gossip Girls
we've been on five minutes and that's
all you don't get scanned Jackie the
caucus room litters me let me have a
wedding no they were talking shit nobody
was looking so I took another sushi away
I'm pretty sure they heard me what a
good girlfriend trying to heal my broken
hand or whatever the hell's going on my
hand while we wait for the food double
duty if I'm not the best girlfriend on
you - I swear to god no like don't go
around - tell you right now from the
11th so in 20 seconds something in your
guitar hi yeah but can i play about
photos of me was it planned or no
the girls are mad at me sure can you
look so handsome today was I here
damn he's only happy come getting food
paper for his birthday
yes I requested a Phoenix to junior for
the dinner and I got it I'm happy happy
I feel so bad for junior probably hates
his life right now
we got Jackie
we got Jacqueline we got dead we got
Amanda who can't wait to eat we got
Brian aka el we got kid we got movie we
got James we got Punk boy of the Tempe
and we got the grill Junior you are
getting old I know what I don't have any
oil over did you hear when yes and he
said how old are you he said 14 I was
like Junior you are getting old I can't
believe juniors 14 G's you anymore food
can I get Rocky's choice cooked medium
well and fried rice thank you where's
the medium rare medium rare
Iijima no my god
fried rice what more do you want you on
the whole damn minion Oh God look what's
going to order everything on the menu
taking it
you didn't order everything off the menu
this time shit
you got mad at Jennifer getting medium
rare that is rare you got rare not rare
take all blood Anthony's a vampire -
Anthony up blood-sucking vampires how do
you eat rare steak Jemile go integral
Eleanor period that's exactly what
you're eating we're safe way Anthony do
one for the Brawn just get someone and
I'll get on the floor no no I'll do a
different one for the blonde guy every
time we come to Benihana would take
keeper pictures of our families
it's ruling over the food Anthony do one
Anthony do Brian for the video guys
you're causing them to get their intakes
you really quick and then you quickly
take the picture when they're not
looking good Brian got in on the guy
then Brian got in and he got yeah wait
what are you doing what are you doing
how do you do that
it's like the nude we got James about
juggling precast and like what should we
caption it I don't know what Vikings
running for president bro okay guys so I
got junior a gift for his birthday and
orange orange you glad I got you an
orange yeah our burning hot
we're getting our burning pasta now the
best part of this is any Hana meal
haven't you all that is so long Oh take
your friends might think about run away
yeah Brandon smile now cry later
oh shit
tomato lovely to see but again really
nice look how much soy sauce Anthony
position that's the normal color of the
food that's how the normal color look my
antidote no you're not let's go over so
much going deaf one right what is that
I love SD we want the target back yes
yeah we would do penis
what are we building jr. my eyebrows are
done and they're all falling off so
there's no wait so since it's February 7
the discount on Valentine's dinner
Hellmouth
so I wash so I don't have to take her
out this counts as a Valentine's dinner
I want you to say that you're going to
take me out to move up at all times and
back up thanks Engineers birthday I
saved the Valentine's dinner whoo no
problem rent anybody this is the
Valentine's dinner it's only one week
apart and his family love me we went to
dinner February 7th Valentine's dinner
just cut you out Amanda you've been
taking your shit she had to take a shit
in the middle singing happy birthday Oh
take your time she has a canon g7x took
us some food
chef bug boy what when you're building
there was an accident my fingers late
let me put a family photo hey guys so we
got the family photo and I guess my hand
glitched at the wrong time I know Jess
your hair looks great family photo good
journey
oh now Brian takes a picture to my hand
glitch oh yeah
wait fuzz voice touching Jameer code
spoke white waves are going to rub all
it's your favorite song
how many times have you played it she
played the songs 40 times on the way
back who is it who is it bye
if you say my heart is beeping yeah it's
my heart is beating not BP no it's not a
fact
oh no he's coming Oh Bosley guys I'm
making my mom wash basketball I know I'm
so excited yeah can't you tell I
literally never have enough of
basketball that's all I watched all day
doctor the hand I feel bad for Jackie
she always asked us to watch real TV and
I think nope masculine it's which a
little way I switch between games I was
different game what
I know another Gong sounds game some
Cavs where there was a good team okay
Bosley good night you know I always
Betty there's gonna lose under w it you
know he's been asleep for a long time oh
my god
phone do I ever stop watching basketball
look I know if you could see the time
but it's 348 a n 348 in the morning I
just woke up cuz I'm about to start
editing my video but first watching
inside the NBA
honestly I'm dead asleep right now I
don't even know if I'm awake or asleep
right now while I'm filming this I'm
probably not even I remember this I put
in the editing program wall is life
almost 4 a.m. just soaked up to edit my
video so I guess editing videos is
life's too I got the candy cane on the
laptop so I me my candy cane to start
editing my video and watch inside the
NBA this is the best show this is the
best show on earth I swear I love this
show the funniest sports show put Chuck
and Shaq on a sports show together and
you know that's the best one anyways I
found dead because I literally just woke
up it's time to get to work by the way
guys this is a orange sour patch candy
cane it's a sour patch candy cane I
don't eat the regular peppermint shape I
don't eat the red and white candy canes
those are gross to me so for those
wondering when I said candy cane this is
what I meant a sour patch one mmm-hmm
finger-licking good
just like Jackie sighs speaking of
Jackie where is she I do miss her away
she had to go home
okay yeah guys I'm half asleep right now
I need to start working on my video
you know guys just here to remind you
that we have a game tonight we are three
and one three wins in one loss we've won
three games in a row so this should be a
really really fun game as usual the
basketball game blog will be up either
tomorrow or the next day it always
depends on how late the game ends
because some days the games end really
really late I don't really upload the
very next day but they're always up
either the next day or the day after so
not too long after anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video and
I can't wait for our game tonight
