okay guys so before we shot this video
you know nothing serious obviously just
it was just a small deal you know but
you're exactly one year ago today one
year ago from last year's Super Bowl you
know a lot of things have changed oh
please look on to the approval of it I
know everyone one year ago this was a
very very special moment in our life and
it kind of it kind of grew our
Brotherhood it kind of made our
Brotherhood stronger it just made us it
made us different people last year's
Super Bowl little dude right here you
know we both made videos about it little
dude right here you know some people
might have seen as some people having a
lot of change in the past year you want
go ahead and tell them what watch you
will can you take it over with me right
so we're gonna wrap up all right so
we're gonna wrap up all right listen I
got caught yep there's no getting out of
this I basically got caught staring at
um checking but why you have to swallow
that awkward Becca awkward so we get
your back down since that guy you're not
going anywhere so last year on the Super
Bowl you know this morning right now it
is Super Bowl Sunday
last year this little munchkin right
here got caught staring at my girlfriend
but let's go in the direction I look and
I got something you do I get it working
or boys this you know dad got awkward so
I just want to warn you you know this
Super Bowl Sunday we're both just trying
to have a good day and wanna warn you ya
know I'm gonna be keeping my eyes out
because for whatever reason I get in the
month of February on Super Bowl Sunday
you have kind of a fetish out looking at
girls asses so that's what my apology
really quick all right well it's fine
we're all man it's fine yeah I think
that really grips it just like it's
really stronger like I'm just like wait
Bryan you gonna cost seeing that
Jackie's butt and go yeah and I'm like
it just makes us stronger so what do you
say you don't what do you say you don't
do it again
I'll be good and just really quick what
was going through your head
hey what was going through your head
like when you did it
on Super Bowl Sunday last year I told
you with an accident like it was an
accident
I saw her job and unlike usual awkward
again got a bra Jackie the room on
purpose parcours yeah wise guy can you
believe Mike when Brian did that last
Super Bowl that was what like a month
after you met Jackie two months after
you met Jackie she didn't even know who
the hell she was go ahead I had the
right so I get it what what were your
thoughts
it hasn't happen and it will happen
again they had to happen in the whole
past here don't wash me right now it was
on camera Brian have the nerve to
literally he was holding my candidate
you over there Brian had the nerve to
hold my camera from the eyes be reusable
for my vlog and he's like I'll do the
outro he was doing the outro for my vlog
and you have the nerve on my camera to
do this baby I'm a savage I roll baby
whose fault is this I come on ahead
Spinelli Jackie's been Yewon yeah that's
Jackie's fall she baited he hath you so
Brian was already the savage of last
year when he had my own camera he knew
I'm gonna re-watch the quick when I
edited it Kelly and what do you think
about all this
alright it's not enough again this has
to be the most Awkward blogging clip
crying you made it weird
but it was your phone yeah Brian Noah
Jackie Claudia thanks Ryan
enjoy the Superbowl later today just
will do oh my god
so how do you feel about all this I feel
violated
was it awkward after that was it yeah I
know can you feel really two weeks so
when Brian did ouch or whatever no one
noticed anything no one noticed the
thing and then when I was editing the
video like hold on Brian come here
really quick and that's how we saw it
am I allowed to look am i and stick okay
guys it's time
moment we've all been waiting for Super
Bowl 51 Tom Brady one of the best
players to ever take a field Bill
Belichick one of the greatest coaches to
ever coach a team against the Atlanta
Falcons a young high-powered offense
Julio Jones one of the best if not the
best receivers in the game Matt Ryan the
NFL's MVP Patriots Falcons number one
offense with number one defense it's
here what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka Marauders and this is kind of a
different row because bodily did
whatever it took to take my fault
Bosley yeah this isn't right look I was
sitting like this I guess if you sit
like this and Bosley came and made his
way although it used to now much did but
anyways it's Super Bowl Sunday so well
by the time you watch this it's going to
be Monday Super Bowl day after Monday
but anyways I hope you guys are all
having a really really good time with a
ton of food and spending time with
family and friends Bosley hey buzz can I
please have my spot back no he's fell
unbothered he just literally doesn't
care about okay well doesn't care I'll
be to the Falcons and Patriots
I was watching basketball all days when
I woke up I watched the nets and Raptors
Raptors picked up that one they need is
that where they've been slumping then I
want the Clippers and Celtics
shout out to Boston shout-out Isiah
Thomas former Phoenix on I still love
him oh yeah shut up Walter you run when
you hit that laughs I know
oh my god that was crazy so shout-out to
fall skiers definitely watch the thunder
and blazers ladies have been slipping
this year thunder one welcomed us with
another great performance but what is
the part of being a triple-double
but anyway enough basketball now it's
time for the Suns game it was no Sun I
wish it was la Haine it's a Super Bowl
yeah guys honestly we're watching the
Super Bowl but I would rather walk to
Suns game if we're being honest I
pleaded that people were like OMG you
would have drawn would you would it
displays two other ones some games it's
my sweater I'm just being honest I would
much rather watch it come
in the Super Bowl but it's Super Bowl
Sunday so I'm gonna enjoy the day
wait who are you rooting for like if you
have to choose I look there's a
difference between for you okay what do
you think it's kind of like a difference
between who you're rooting for who you
think is going to win who I'm rooting
for
I want to see the Falcons win no offense
to any Patriot fans or no offense to Tom
Brady I just want to see something
different the Patriots are always in
there the patients are always up there
close but who I think is gonna win wait
all right
literally wear the same jacket oh god if
I put it chilly way it is yeah yeah
sorry so I want to see Atlanta wear this
what is something different you don't
Matt Ryan for Super Bowl and the
Patriots are always up there but who I
think is going to win you can't bet
against Tom Brady and Belichick you're
like I don't know it's just scary to
Bennigan's and Brady's always just he's
just a legend he's the goat but I think
the patient Sunderland you want a score
prediction - yeah uh yeah uh obviously
is felt in front of the scoreboard super
high scoring high-powered offense to all
save 3528 pinky I think yes you're the
ribbon of your high school but look at
we can't change it the ABS and Falcons
are playing the number one defense but
we gotta rise before 3528 Patriots
riding I already put this on my snapchat
I have 35 31 south we taking the W so I
wouldn't mind seeing the Falcons wing
we'll see what's going to happen and for
the Suns game that I wish I was watching
some wins even though there's no Sun
getting mothers to end this clip in your
kitchen full bellies it gives me so all
you Patriot fans out there that watch my
videos I know there's a lot I'm going
with you guys Tom Brady he's a legend I
don't know picking again tainted by
singing this LeBron you can't do that
you saw what happened last year in the
finals so I'm gonna go Patriots today
Brian going Falcons
we put two million dollars on this game
we bet two millions on
no we fucking - no my idea not on this
day and I was there to be pouring I know
I was not even able to walk out of whack
I was not recording but it missed our
goal
so yeah guys I'm going to Patriots 2821
I want to over and you know it's not a
Middle Eastern Superbowl party unless
there is a hookah setup actually not
just a Middle Eastern Superbowl party
it's not a Middle Eastern anything if
there's no hookah setup so no guys by
the way for everyone wondering this is
not a bong it's a hookah sit right I
don't know as people commented over your
video crucifying you that this was a
bong no guys it's a Middle Eastern
culture thing whatever we just set it up
and now time to watch the Superbowl so
much for a high-scoring game 0-0 after
the first quarter
ESPN lied to me what's new actually they
didn't lie when they told me that sons
wouldn't be good this season they were
telling the truth in I'm gonna go with I
don't know and score I said copy me with
na nanana nanan enough yeah you can't
copy me with everything in life
look guys he's even wearing green I know
Jackie just here for the commercials and
the food buzzer what's your prediction
well are your sister and brother coming
here oh so you guys might be seeing
Jackie's family here they might come
over so when does the son's game start I
mean yeah Super Bowl is cool and all but
I mean wouldn't you guys rather watch a
son's game wait where's Justin Bieber
Bieber shout out all my believers out
there watching this video just it Justin
Justin what's that song for when I was
13 my first book
but that's ludicrous part what's justin
bieber's climbing up oh yeah baby baby
baby oh there is I'll land at the 5-yard
line second in one could this be the
first score of the game
let's see natty ice Julio Jones Oh Oh
Allen Hawks shoutouts why Howard Dennis
shooter Paul Millsap can Bazemore you
think LeGarrette Blount care nothing
cause he doesn't get lost in the blood
no he's good though okay first score of
the game
Falcons touchdown Atlanta Hawks guys I'm
not having my hands broken yeah I felt
super awkwardly oh my god I Lana scored
again shout-out migos and shout-out
future shout-out Russell Wilson and we
got the food ready TBH the only reason
Jackie came no I don't blame you salsa
guac these are both homemade by my mom
this is homemade by my dad oh my god I
can't breathe bit of the smoke coming
into my nose it you know when the
barbecue smells you got steak
we have shish kebab I forgot what this
home and we got chicken literally
everyone on earth is making Super Bowl
snapchats so let's add on to it let's be
basic whoo yeah Super Bowl Sunday have
you opened the first snap chat story and
everyone is about the Super Bowl
including me
yeah including me too we might as well
add on to it
got nacho
over the world think about it everywhere
you go no matter what's happening
snapchat snapchat time that from
everyone's phone anything crazy happen
snapchat snapchat yeah I think snapshots
taking over the world and I'll admit I'm
I'm a victim of it too go son really
swings
I know except one of the son Santa so
the other one doesn't have depression
because he's not a son yeah happy got a
good workout talk about look who said it
anyways guy some of my family doesn't
respect me by how good business puzzle
look and how sanitary on the damn table
and then half of it is out of the table
and a little we see it on the floor okay
guys why talk about dancing anyway and
then my jiggler alway I have to do it
like this when I'm do you care if I make
it really quick for the bank we're just
like it's fine do you know this okay cuz
I love this song
and then who are they gonna play Papa
Papa Razzi
or do you know the song Alejandro yeah
how does it go oh wow you're actually a
big Lady Gaga fan I would cry about this
guy's is the only thing Jackie was
waiting for the Lady Gaga halftime okay
sing it polka phase it was laying a
honking it was on that one of those
that's like now employee
yeah and now that's what i call music 23
25 39 whatever the hell whoo
lady guys why do you look like you're in
love I go through this I don't know why
no like this is what I think of Jackie
doesn't even care about the game she's
just in love with Lady Gaga on the
halftime show and she loves the
commercials and the food why are you
more in love with the halftime show than
me ten minute pen in my career low
enough Lady Gaga they need to bring out
migos they're from Atlanta let me go
come out and take over this halftime
show okay guys so it's halftime right
now
the Falcons actually are up 21 to 3 and
it looks like they have this game under
control now let's not get carried away
it's only halftime there's still a whole
lot of football left to be played but
let's just say the socket look like they
came out ready to play it's not over yet
but so far 1st half dal-gu have been the
much much better football team what see
if the Patriots can make it a game in
the second half hopefully this doesn't
end up like that Denver and Seattle
gained two years ago that Super Bowl was
boring so let's hope the Patriots can at
least make this a close one but so far
elana has looked extremely impressive
hats off to the Falcons so far so weird
in the first half but they've impressed
me and they're putting on a show
go guys is Jackie's favorite song no
display way medically thanks how hey
Kahn cry guys why does my girlfriend
love Lady Gaga more than me
okay guys Jackie's brothers here I love
Jackie's brothers so we're gonna go
bring him in Bosley you know who's here
Joseph's here got Jackie still in love
with the taps I'm show
he couldn't even open the door for her
own brother I had to go get Josephine
Johnson say what's up I know my favorite
song put it on it's caught in a bad
romance story of my life so you know
I've asked you to sing every song and
you didn't know the words you know to be
yeah you know the BS the half time
show's over thought why about how good
was it that's the story of our
relationship mom she always wants more
affection yeah could you renew me mmm
guys when you come here you get
force-fed every single food that's in
the house you can't leave oh no it's
good
no that's why Bosley loves living here
because we force everyone to eat and
guys Bosley's in love with joseph now
because he has food
the Super Bowl commercials this year
have been a letdown usually everyone
looks forward to the commercial yeah you
do the commercials are super fun oh yeah
yeah I don't know this year the
commercials have been a step down 28 to
3 Falcon you guys remember that Seahawks
and Broncos Super Bowl a couple years
ago reminiscent Wow all I wanted was a
good game the Chargers are in the Super
Bowl our team is in a all I wanted was a
good game
now guys there's reminding me of that
Seahawks Broncos game yo 28 to 20 we got
ourselves a game comeback or no what do
you guys think no yes no I don't know
guys I thought the game was over when it
was 28 3 in Atlanta I was like ok this
thing's over Atlanta took it 28 to 26
minutes left we'll see if the Patriots
can complete this comeback at least this
is what we asked for yes for a close
game so we can't complain you can't ever
count out Brady and Belichick if the
falcons lose this game let me just say I
never want to hear a 3-1 joke ever again
I never want to hear warriors blew a 3-1
lead ever again because this would top
it off I'm saying the Warriors and
Warriors fans right now are praying that
the Patriots come back so that they
never have to hear a 3-1 lead joke ever
again Wow we'll see you guys Atlanta
still has the lead and the ball so we'll
see what's gonna happen oh my god that
was an unbelievable catch how does julio
jones do it look at this that's why he's
one of the best receivers in the game if
not the best receiver in the game
that's crazy look how do you get both
feet in I was fall flat on my face
dropped the ball diving at one plane
Julio Julio probably saved the game
right there with that catch Julio I'm
serious because all they need is a field
goal they need one score to put this
game away oh my gosh Julio third and 23
this could be a
huge deciding factor of the game the
Patriots need a stop right here natty
ice going back so now comes down to the
field goal and a flag wow that's a huge
cult that's the biggest call the game
and you're bringing them back pushing
them out of yeah that's a clear whole
shit you can't be doing that Super Bowl
three minutes left what are we watching
WWE this is wrestling
Wow that pushed them out of field goal
range that's you Wow okay so now third
and 33 they need to get in field goal
range or else punting that ball Dan that
was a huge mistake
yike they're punting that ball now wow
that's huge
so the Patriots get the ball back down
one score with three and a half minutes
left but before that holding called Matt
Ryan got sacked at that point you have
to get rid of the ball you can't afford
a sack before that penalty now Ryan got
hit he had to throw it away you could
afford everything but not a sack and he
got that now we've got ourselves a real
game when that Ryan got sacked why were
they even trying to throw the ball they
were already in field goal range they
should have jumpy rias they should have
just ran the ball got deeper down and
kicked the field well I don't get why
they were trying to throw and then they
they got said I'm no football coach but
I don't think you should be doing the
ball right there I feel so bad for Julio
Jones because Julio Jones essentially he
made the game-winning catch he made the
catch that should have won the Falcons
of Super Bowl he caught it they were in
field goal range all they had to do was
run the ball all they had to do was
avoid the sack all he had to do was
avoid a penalty and before you know it
they got sacked because they didn't run
it they tried to throw in Matt Ryan got
sacked and then they got a holding call
and that pushed him out of field goal
range I feel bad for Julio in his mind
he made the game-winning Super Bowl
catch just for the team - I guess screw
it up and get pushed back then I say
3528 watch 28 28 overtime and then it's
going to go 35 28 just watch if that
happens I'll predict everyone's future
$5 ahead
you know way if this is a catch no way
there's no way that they hit the white
the home that better than the New York
Giants Tyree when he caught it on his
helmet no that makes up for the Tyree
helmet catch a couple years ago in the
Super Bowl look there's one I was
talking about this made up for that
catch 28 22 minutes left
Patriots surging I still think the sons
are going to win honestly months ago
with the Sun damn another first down
first and goal a minute 45 left it was
28 to 3 28 to 3 in the third quarter not
even early in the game in the second
half it was 28 to 3 I'm in shock it's
like I'm watching the NBA Finals of last
year warriors and Cavs
o short Patriots always have receivers
coming out of nowhere and have huge
games touch down touch down needs in
people it's ok Brian just tell me how
scared would you be right now attempting
the two-point conversion I would
literally shit myself out Brian imagine
a hike the ball would slip out of my
hands from how sweaty the two-point
conversion less than a minute left in
the Superbowl this is the game right
here because my dad said Brady's gonna
sneak I think he's too old for that I
think he's gonna have to pass right here
shit oh-ho-ho white there's a flag
there's a flag oh the flag is on Atlanta
oh yeah that was on trini former San
Diego charger and ending up was called
Wow
I'm sorry Atlanta Falcons fans but this
might be worse than the Golden State
Warriors blowing a 3-1 lead I don't know
it might be too soon to compare but Wow
holy shit
hey we asked for a good game didn't we
yeah we asked for a good game this is
what we wanted the San Diego Chargers
are in it and yes I know I'm saying San
Diego I say that purposefully I don't
say the Los Angeles chargers so the San
Diego Chargers aren't in it so all we
could ask for is a good game damn Brady
s 416 yards the most in Super Bowl
history that's crazy
so the Falcons have under a minute left
and no timeouts they're going to have to
speed down the field
the Chargers beat the Falcons earlier
this year so does that mean the charges
are better than the Falcons
oh wait but we also lost to the
Cleveland Browns so I mean what is that
speaking of which how the hell do the
Chargers beat the Falcons and lose to
the Browns in the same season how that
pretty much sums up the San Diego
Chargers season this year
well the Falcons keep throwing it down
the middle you've got no more timeout
the owners probably shitting himself
right now I'm sorry if I was dead I
would be like oh my gosh now he didn't
catch that fourth down this thing is
going to overtime guys 28 28 ok so this
game is going to overtime first overtime
game in Super Bowl history and we get to
witness it what a story to tell my kids
New England called head he said we'll
take the ball damn right you're going to
take the ball oh no guys I feel like the
team with more playoff experiences has
the advantage in overtime in a Super
Bowl I know look at that evil smirk like
you thought I was scared when I was 28 3
ok what do you guys think who over time
who's winning new New England he called
come back Patriots I called the Falcons
win at Atlanta ok the underdog right
here I call 3528 before the game even
started so why change my prediction now
I just feel like the team with more
playoff experience championship pedigree
one of the best head coaches in NFL
history one of the
at quarterback in NFL history and in a
Super Bowl game in a playoff game I just
feel like the Patriots are better suited
to win this game I feel like Atlanta has
a lot of pressure right now when they
were up 28 to 3 and mind you before that
they were up 21 nothing I feel like
there's way too much pressure way to my
jitters but all I know is that there is
a super good game we're going to see
what's going to happen right now you
know I just saw someone on Twitter they
sweeted that the Patriots rigged the
coin toss to win the toss look you
haters are ridiculous I'm not even a
Patriots fan but you can't be that much
of a hater of course there's a history
with deflating balls and the Spygate
scandal but you're saying that they
rigged the coin toss come on that's just
hating I'm not even a Patriots fan
that's just too much Patriots have it
now at the 45 I'm telling you guys the
Falcons are a young team when they lose
a 28 to 3 lead that's just way too much
mentally oh no Brady's in his zone when
Tom Brady is in his zone but it's like
when Curry's hitting like six threes in
a row no matter what he puts up it goes
in that's like Brady in his zone
whatever he throws is just caught it's
weird there's no stopping Tom Brady when
they're hot do you tell em babe who
cares about the Super Bowl Booker scored
27 points in the second quarter
27 points in one quarter five for five
from the three-point line kids 20 years
old that's amazing
another first down they're threatening
to score here Brian when you're up 28 3
once that lead starts decreasing yes
it's just a mental thing it's all mental
once you the Patriots start chipping
into that lead the Falcons just get
killed mentally yeah Tom Brady is not
just Brady the whole Patriots they're
just in their own zone right now there's
no stopping them unless you're close
eyes oh wow
he started the game in his box he came
all the way down to the field to
celebrate celebrate the victory and now
this
Brian being the basic snapchatters Brady
for the win oh wow wow they threw a flag
right there I get I was win for the game
right there yeah I don't know if you
could throw that flag display in a Super
Bowl game I guess I don't know I'm not a
football referee so I'm gonna let them
do their job
but all we know is that that the flag
and the Patriots are marching down the
field no I'm just saying if the game was
first quarter 0-0 then yeah sure throw
that flag but right now I feel like
that's too close if all the rest for the
NBA I would rig every single game for
the Sun to it and I wouldn't even hide
it either I would make them 82 and oh
those Falcons need to force a turnover
that's the only way Atlanta there it is
yeah game over oh my god Wow Wow the
Warriors blew up 3-1 lead Atlanta blue
28 to 3 lead Wow Patriots hey they're
not kicking back two point no my predict
is wrong no oh there goes my career as a
future teller or a psychic whatever the
hell it's called in 4000 Wow damn I was
starting to plan my career as a sidekick
and a fortune teller and I missed it by
one point I already am the sidekick go
since I'm the sidekick in its
relationship I said psychic Wow honestly
guys I watched the NBA Finals all seven
games and I watched this game I don't
know which joke is worth the warriors
blowing a 3-1 lead or the Falcons damn I
feel bad for Atlanta and Falcon fans
because they had a great season never
count out Tom Brady and Belichick they
are crazy
I'm pissed I predicted 35 to 28 yo
everyone just pretend they kick the
extra point that's what should have
happened can i still be a psychic
not a sidekick sidekick honestly tom
brady's the best quarter
back to ever play the game don't add me
Phillip Rivers was now Tom Brady nan -
joking - any doubts that people had
before the game started that Tom Brady
wasn't the best quarterback of all time
I don't think you could argue that at
this point this comeback was Wow I'm
living a Patriots fan of Mike Moustakas
and I just went into history and I'm
glad to say that I witnessed NFL history
this was a crazy game
I'm mind-blowing I don't know they were
down 21 nothing
they were down 28 to 3 they came back
simple as that
one last thing Dean Spanos fuck you for
taking the Chargers to Los Angeles they
belong in San Diego because so we just
witnessed the first overtime game in
Super Bowl history the biggest comeback
in Super Bowl history what might be the
best game in Super Bowl history and
Jackie sad because Lady gaga didn't stay
out longer it's like our like Lady
Gaga's people I knew like all the songs
Mexico did you know paparazzi yeah how
rusty okay fine
now I'm going to research on the phone
maybe you saw that game came Duncan
gregg popovich Timmy and pop that's who
they remind me of they're the Spurs of
football they're always good they're
always there they're always good no
matter who they add or who they lose
they're just somehow they're always a
good team that's exactly how the San
Antonio Spurs are they might not win the
championship every year just like the
Patriots they don't win the Super Bowl
every single year but they're always
relevant they're always in the playoffs
they're always good the Patriots are the
Spurs of football and it makes someone
like me who is a fan of the Phoenix Suns
and the San Diego Chargers it makes me
jealous honestly okay guys really quick
before I end this video just my final
thoughts
what a crazy game I'm still speechless
this is a day after and I just have no
words to describe what a crazy comeback
that was by the New England Patriots
it's something like we've never seen
before in Super Bowl history so hats off
to the New England Patriots
the Patriots on the Patriots fan base
winning Super Bowls is nothing new for
you guys so congrats on Stanley I'm
talking to now Lana Falcons fans I'm
sure you guys are upset obviously it's
only been a day so you guys probably
aren't over it yet but look at the
bright side you guys have a young team
you have the league MVP I'm sure you
guys will be just as good of a team next
season so keep your heads up I honestly
don't know how that happened 28 to 3
giving up a lead I I don't know honestly
like I was telling Brian earlier on in
this video right here right here you
know you could beat the Patriots
physically you guys were about 28 to 3
but right here when you see Tom Brady
and Belichick you see them chipping out
the lead 28 to 928 to 20 20 to 28 it
doesn't kill you physically that kills
you mentally it just starts to make you
think it just gets you thinking like oh
shit they're coming back they're coming
back every time there's a sports choke
it's all right here it's all mental
trust me I play sports it's literally
all right here so the Falcons just
started feeling way too much pressure in
their hands mentally you know being a
young team and just it's just all the
pressure all the big Superbowl lights
just came down on them all at once
whereas Brady and Belichick they've been
there before so you know they were just
sitting there children so it was a
really good game Atlanta super
high-powered offense really fun team to
watch all season I feel bad for Julio
Jones that captured a one in the game
but some I guess you could say bad play
calling and that time management
constant anyways I hope you guys really
really did enjoy this video I love
making these Super Bowls logs is my
second one of my life first one has a
little bit of a different story you know
what Brian but I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this video thank you so much
for watching
drop a like if you enjoyed it and I love
you guys oh I hope you're enjoying your
Monday peace
