okay I felt early Saturday morning we
just woke up and there's a group of kids
or should I say supporters of our videos
or fans or so-called fans I'm not sure
what you want to call them but there's a
group of kids I've been hanging outside
of our house for a good I'd say 45
minutes now almost an hour I don't know
what their problem is but they will
community up they woke my dog Bosley up
Brian did you hear that hmm I'm not sure
they left and came back this is like the
fifth time Brian it's been like an hour
they they come bang on the gate record
some stuff leave and come back look guy
well I don't feel safe with my car out
there that's all I'm saying
should you call the cops I swear I'm
tempted to look guys I don't know you
should go out and tell them like oh just
trying to open the door
been like almost an hour no they woke me
in jail because my windows open so we
could hear everything outside this is
wrong it's not 12 p.m. it's early but
surrounding Brian's car next to the
mailbox I'm not sure what they were
doing there I don't know just like a
playground or just someone's home how
are they doing this your mum's car hold
on yo can you guys not hang out around
here
thank you saying okay literally just
like it's like up like it's a park or
like a playground mother running away
and now let me get over water haters
fans just because I said oh can you guys
not hang out around here like they were
literally on our lawn basic there were
like two right here 100 hoop mix my mom
fell one other girl that's like yeah the
exact reason why we're getting in New
Jersey exactly such that we were like
basically forced to leave our own home I
know here for 15 years the forced out of
the home because no one liked kids
literally no one respects us like how
many videos have we made of those at
like or they know that we don't want
India fans come to our house and I go
out and say hi oh yeah I saw your video
yeah it's like I know not to bang on the
gate but I just want to see exactly
exactly I don't show hi okay guys so I
guess time to go back to sleep or I
don't know I mean they already woke the
whole family up so I just told them not
to hang out around the house and now let
me get let me get there's going to be
multiple people who watch this video and
be like Oh bro water chases fans or over
water Tate's of supporters no I don't
try to explain myself
obviously you guys don't understand yeah
I know people want me how do you watch
the videos first of all say something to
you
oh yeah you hate your fans that blows my
mind but even more so that they watch it
and still come and say oh yeah what's
your videos like I told Brian one thing
is guys you won't believe how many
people because me and Brian have made
multiple videos in the past saying
please don't show up at the house you
know we have the right to call the cops
we have the right to do a bunch of other
things but we don't do it we try to be
nice we don't call the cops so we simply
ask nicely in the videos please don't
show up to the house and you won't
believe how many people come to the
house and we're like yo like did you
watch our video where we asked nicely
not to come to the house and they're
like yeah you know we saw the video but
I don't know but what I mean if you see
a video on mine and my brother's channel
multiple times with each posting more
than one video explaining why it's not
right to come to the house and you still
watch it and you still decide to come
there's no ifs ands or buts at that
point you just shouldn't come I don't
know but yeah guys this is an everyday
thing
even after myself and my brother have
made multiple videos and made multiple
efforts to get people to stop doing this
it's still an everyday thing he hasn't
stopped just because we don't put it on
camera anymore we don't show them the
blogs it's still an everyday thing
look who we come home so I come home to
fuck boys shooting around he's on the
quest to lose weight
I'm Rashad no that's no that's my that's
my mom's brother fucking love folk boy a
little taller puberty is hitting hard Oh
a should now it's the other job bro it's
Chanel it's fuck girl you're not Bashar
you're not the dad I all know are you
all over okay guys and we have fans just
showed up to the house what's new every
single day III ollie this is how it is
every day with fans I swear guys don't
get me wrong we love our fans but how do
you feel comfortable enough to get in
your car drive to our home park and get
out of the car and approach our home
like we appreciate the support we love
you guys we love that you watch our
videos bottom see where you guys are
coming from - just drive up to the house
like I don't know how you feel
comfortable enough to do that like drive
up with somebody else's home park park
right there and get out of the car and
just like while we're with our family
and everything I don't know it's just
maybe that's just me it says because I'm
seeing slug boy and Chanel we hardly
have time to see them anymore so there's
like a rare chance to hang out with our
families
no look what's your opinion on fans
feeling comfortable enough to drive up
to the house mark and are like right
here and get out and all I can say is
you guys made no videos about it yeah we
made what what's right look once one
more time I've seen you and how often do
I see you rarely rarely okay
how often do I see shadows as like an
Oliver times a year four times Hey look
bro this is family we hardly see each
other anymore because we're all so busy
answering the school Chanel's school and
work me and Bryan are busy doing our
thing I come I'm in shock I'm like oh
shit fuck boys at the house you knelt
here you know we hardly see each other
anymore
I can't even get out all these cards say
what's up to my own family before some
fans decide to show up to the home and I
don't know like Anthony said we've made
enough videos asking fans not show to
the house clearly that hasn't worked I
guess we just we have no privacy
we have no alone time we have
time to spend with our family or our
friends I already know there's going to
be a ton of ignorant people in the
comment section who don't use this they
don't use their brains and they're going
to comment saying growth those are your
supporters oh you're so mean why
wouldn't you go out and say what self
blah blah blah okay well how would you
like it if you were asleep on a Saturday
morning in your own home with your
girlfriend just laying in bed and you
hear banging on your gate you look
outside the window and there's a group
of kids surrounding your family's cars
recording every like recording all
around your property recording your
car's recording your home recording
their friends knock on your gate and
waking my family up I don't care if you
watch my videos or not that's just not
respectful so I know there's going to be
ignorant people who say oh you're so me
Volvo's well how would you like it if
someone did that's you how would you
like if you're asleep on a Saturday
morning with your girlfriend or if
you're asleep with your boyfriend and a
group of kids comes to your home
wakes you up records your everything
about your house you know it's just
playing and just horsing around all over
your lawn and your family's cars and
your front door so go ahead if you're
going to comment shit about me and
whatever you want to say about me I know
even if you were sleeping alone and not
with your girlfriend it does not matter
you just don't do that and especially
when myself and my brother like I said
before I've made multiple videos not to
do this this is what a lot of people
comment on these types of videos they
say bro if they come to your house
they're not true fans and honestly I'm
starting to think that's true because if
you come to the house either one you've
seen the videos where me and my brother
have explained why we don't want fans
showing up to the house why it's just
dangerous it's not a respectful
situation so if you still decide to come
after seeing those videos I'm sorry to
say it but maybe the people who comment
all right maybe you guys aren't true
fans I don't know because I've used this
example many many times and I'll keep
using it again I am a fan of Devin
Booker
I support Devin Booker just like people
who watch mine and my brothers videos
support us
if I knew where Devin Booker lived I
would not show to his house I would not
show up and bang on his gay and recorded
home voila but no I would not do that so
I appreciate the support you guys give
me and my brother we appreciate it a lot
we appreciate it heavily and we love you
guys if it wasn't for you guys who watch
our videos we would both have zero
subscribers we would both have zero
views but you just can't come to the
house there's a difference between
watching videos and supporting and
coming to the house and just just know
it's not respectful and I don't know how
many more times we need to explain it
honestly no more times is allowed to go
that's going to come out of this but I
was just in shock I wish I recorded what
was happening before but I didn't have
my camera they were like all scattered
around with their phones and camera
recording whatever the hell they were
recording and this was the closest I've
been to calling the cops even Jackie
told me she's like you should call the
cause that's the normal thing to do but
I guess me and my brother are too nice I
don't know okay guys so my final
statement before I close this video out
in case you haven't watched any of the
other videos where these fans come to
the house and just straight-up
disrespect or property disrespect our
home in case you haven't seen any of
those videos I explained why it's wrong
and it has nothing to do with we don't
love our fans or I has nothing to do
with oh we're just lazy and we don't
want to go outside it is all about
safety it's all about dangers you guys
might be here just to say what's up and
take a picture we don't know that we
don't know if we open the door what if
some people have a good what if some
people have something like that we don't
know you guys watch the news I'm sure
you've heard people go showing up
someone else and killing someone well
I'm sure you guys have heard of
youtubers being killed we don't know
that so we just don't feel safe with
people showing up outside the house
again you guys might just be here for
all fun and laughs and just to take a
picture and say hi and that's fine I
wish everybody was like you but sadly
it's 2017 and we live in a crazy crazy
scary world where things happen at home
all the time things happen everywhere so
we just you know the one place where
you're supposed to feel safe it's
supposed to be your home if you're out
in public and you feel scared whatever
but feeling Sierra in your own home
that's the feeling that nobody should
have to go through especially my mom or
dad my dad works till midnight how do
you think my dad feels coming home after
a long day at work at midnight and
seeing people outside of his own home
you know this is my dad's home he's a
father or how do you feel well how do
you think my mom feels you know my mom's
no thanks to any females or any girls
but she's a girl you know we're men who
cared but she's a girl she's how do you
think she feels waking up at 7:00 or
8:00 in the morning early morning just
to take out the trash and she sees a
group of people outside of our home
that's my mom why does my mom need to
feel scared in her own home my mom does
not deserve that my mom should feel safe
it's a she's a mother imagine if your
mom or whatever it's just scary it's all
about danger for the last time it has
nothing to do with Oprah Waters and
Facebook don't love their fans brew
water synthase drugs can't even go out
and say what's up it has nothing to do
with that it's all about safety it's all
about danger we live in a world where no
one knows what goes on inside of
people's head no one knows if we go out
to go take a picture with a stand who
knows he might pull a gun out who knows
we should spit we should be able to feel
safe in our own home just like everybody
else is and that's all it is - it's just
a safety issue I don't want my parents
can skin their own home it's especially
scary after my dog Bosley had that
seizure and we took him to the band they
told us obviously some really really sad
things that we don't want to hear with
our dog obviously that seizure for those
who don't know pain a long time ago
there was a fan outside the door and you
know he was banging on the gate rying to
get our attention and my dog was asleep
and what happens when a dog hears
something at the door they get startled
you know they they get excited
so Bosley my dog he woke up right away
and ran down the stairs and I guess he
got really startled so he had a seizure
and we had to take him to the vet and
just you know after that happened it
just I guess kicked from my dogs - along
with my family and sadly what my brother
said early
on in the video it's true we've liked in
this home for over 16 years almost 17
years in this home we love this hole we
grew up in this hole I'm only 21 so I've
been living here since I was 4 4 years
old
look these walls they weren't painted
like this when we bought the home the
furniture it wasn't here when we bought
the home we built this home to something
we love we built this home to just make
it feel like our place this is our place
we don't want to be forced to move
because some kids come and don't respect
privacy we don't want to be ran out of
our house and forced to live somewhere
else just because we can't control a
bunch of kids that watch our videos
that's wrong it's rude it's
disrespectful and it's just flat-out
wrong so Brian was right we are being
forced to leave this house but we are
trying hard to find a final solution and
everyone tells us the easy solution is
just call the cops call the cops call
the cops and this is where I'm going to
take blame and I'm taking blame for my
brother too because we are too nice we
have a big heart right here it's too big
every time every time someone comes and
does something rude we always say okay
next time we're going to call the cops
what happened next time people show up
and we just feel bad we feel bad we have
too big of a heart and we don't call the
cops and that's our fault
so as bad as it is for the fans to show
up to the house and disrespect our
property I'm here to take some blame too
I should be calling cops that's a
solution right there and it sucks
imagine if you guys have lived in a home
for almost 20 years and you you've
shaped the home you've transformed the
home it was nothing like this when we
bought it we've transformed this home
into something that we loved we've made
it into our dream home this is the home
we love imagine if you were being forced
out because people show up and don't
respect your privacy imagine your own
parents are scared to live in a home
that they pay for like they work their
asses off to pay for and all that would
go to waste because people come and
don't respect privacy that's just
I'm going to have to start calling the
cops that's the only way and and after I
made my last video about fans need to
stop showing up to the house I was in
contact with some officers I was in
contact with security guards but you
know what I told myself I said you know
what me and my brother both made videos
we were both very very specific on why
fans shouldn't come to the house so you
know they'll listen they'll learn so I
stopped talking to the cops I stopped
talking to the security well little did
I know people just don't learn I guess
and to the parents who bring your kids
here
would you please think about that like
you're all the kids maybe little and
maybe they don't use their head but you
guys got parents you're bringing your
kid like I don't even need to explain it
just think about that I mean how would
you like that
parents if your parents out there
watching this video how would you like
it if someone brought their kids
constantly constantly constantly to your
home that you pay for and you live in
every single day like it's some sort of
museum like it's some sort of field trip
this stuff happens every single day
every day just as I don't get it on
camera doesn't mean it doesn't happen
today I was just in shock
because they were you know surrounding
my brothers calling my mom's car at our
door and like surrounding the whole
house like it's some sort of park or
playground now I don't respect that so
final words we don't want to leave this
house we don't want to move out so
please respect our privacy just like we
respect yours and we don't show up to
your guys's home please respect it if
you guys decide not to respect it from
now on I'm sorry but me and my brothers
talked about it we discussed we are
going to start calling the cops so if
you guys want to be in some legal
trouble then I guess you could feel free
to come over if not please just don't
like we love our supporters we love you
God at the end of every video I tell you
guys I love you I tell you guys multiple
times that it wasn't for you guys I
would not be where I am today literally
if I meet you guys in public ask anybody
who has met me in public I'm I'm very
very nice to the people that watch my
videos there's been so many times where
you know I bought them food and you know
I've walked around the mall
and hung out with them and went shopping
with them and just I try to give them
the most amazing experience because like
I said if it wasn't for them watching my
videos I would not be where I'm at today
I love you guys I appreciate the support
heavily me and my brother both do and we
both trust me we both understand if it
wasn't for you guys supporting us we
would not be where we are today so we
love you and thank you so much for your
support but there's just a fine line
between watching our videos and
supporting us and showing up to the
house it's just dangerous and I hope you
guys understand I'm not trying to be
mean me and my brother are both not
trying to be rude about this it's just
the simple fact that you just don't show
up to other people's home so I hope you
guys understand where I'm coming from
and I'm hoping this is the very last
video I'm going to have to make about
this the second I upload this I'm
probably going to go back and get in
contact with the security guards that I
was talking about and see where we go
from there because this is just not like
it happens way too much and clearly the
videos don't work because we have has
fan shows to the house and say hey you
know I saw your video we watched your
video and we're sorry for coming but we
really wanted to meet you we really have
fans say that so we appreciate you guys
but it's just too much so it's probably
going to put an end to it right here and
hopefully we're not forced to move out
of the home that we've grown to love and
living for almost our whole entire lives
thank you guys so much for watching and
I hope none of you guys have to go
through what we are going through right
now
oh and lasting find this video for
people who comment cuz there's so many
people saying oh you signed up for this
you want to be a youtuber so you should
expect this um know when you be at
YouTube when you sign up to be a
youtuber there's nothing that says Oh
fans will show up to your home so no
that is not part of it and for all your
Laettner fans who comment that I think
you need to rethink what being a
youtuber is because in no way shape or
form this when you sign up for YouTube
account it says Oh fans may show up at
your house whatever guys I hope you
enjoyed this video I guess or I hope
this video kind of opened some eyes and
maybe help people understand what it
really is like I don't know
just too much and it happens every
single day and me and my brother and my
whole family frankly we can't take this
anymore thank you so much for watching
this video and I hope you guys don't
think any differently of me after seeing
this piece and I love you guys
