haha
shout out after the front line of squad
back with all these and good we have a
special guest in the back I don't know
if you guys remember her I don't know if
you know who she is but Jacqueline
Jacqueline so right now ally look at
what a good good person he is so he is
driving me and Jackie to go get our
eyebrows black first of all relationship
goals there is please boyfriend and
girlfriend goes to go get their eyebrows
flags together I'm supporting I'm there
from all supporting the pain it does
hurt for being honest but now we're
going to tell them the real reason why
you wanted to drive us all we just
picked up this new car he loved driving
he loved driving it around he wanted to
drive us honestly no matter where you
tell him to take you right now he's
still in love with this car that he
would drive it I'll lead congrats thank
you wrong look at this
hard work pays off I'll show you guys
the outside when we get down but I'm
proud of all the new cars you got to
love it one of the most exciting moments
of his life and he's he's been telling
me since we were younger ever since we
went on this car yeah he would love a
challenger and now the day has come he
finally got himself a challenger so hard
work pays off I'll be congrats and on
the way to go get our eyebrows wax
shout out who broke your heart okay guys
before we get to the eyebrow place
Ollie wanted to play but his opinion was
great about the whole time
you loved this album you know there's
album is the greatest ever go go god I
remember the god bless all me for this
but when me and Jackie first started
talking Ollie told me he's like yo you
know like if you inject your every like
in the like you know Napoleon was alone
that's happening and like the pg-13 PL
is the PG like a does bad things
happening he told me you got download to
download and get rich or die trying'
baby city and I said how is that really
means we bet you like he was a fat don't
do so yeah just trust me bro and he
downloaded on my phone and I've had it
ever since I never listened to it but I
keep it because always told me to
download it so I have to do it okay
let's go okay guys so we made it to the
eyebrow lady honestly I'm scared getting
your eyebrows it's like surgical
procedures they hurt I don't know about
thread I've never done thread but I do
the wax and that shit hurts and it makes
you like like what is that mean yeah it
makes you cringe like they put the wax
on and when you notice about this pop
you're just like and you're not allowed
to move you're supposed to go like this
but this is me what you're supposed to
be and then me
I can't so we're here I'm about to
undergo surgery everybody wish me luck
I appreciate the prayers and gonna be
eyebrow waxing with bro waters
you
you
you
I just got out of surgery surgery's done
Jackie's in the room right now getting
her surgery right there in the room
Holly screaming he's not doing any work
today I think I'm still like doped up
from all the medication that I had in
the surgery the morphine and anesthesia
but no shout-out to Timmy and hopefully
Jackie undergoes her surgery really
really fast and easy
everything goes in smoothly goes by
smooth just to Middle Eastern boys
living life or we're live we're live
however oh it's just two middle-eastern
boys trying to make a list Oh try making
this work that's all just we're just
having fun living life that their wife
it's for life a since we're getting old
I'm 21 he just turned 22 before you know
we're going to be in our 30s or just
just trying to have a higher yeah okay
four gauge we're just trying to live
life to the fullest you know play
basketball every day get haircuts all
the time just I want weight one step
back yeah and then one hook shot for the
hookers out there how was the surgical
procedure ya heard no it's not the wax
that hurt it's the plucking the wax yeah
the wax is fine yeah whatever wax is
whatever but the plucking hurts like
hell the plucking actually hurts and now
I don't know if he'll hurts but we just
like to use that lingo it hurts like
hell I almost forgot to show all these
car so two brand new challengers okay
ollie
look I like the headlights those are
sake let's go one time around the back
all are you fucking show off the back
it's just me and like this car is mean
like you look at this car and just like
whoa just take it easy man
the cars me and congrats again all these
shout out shut up
I was a call we wanted to follow your
dreams well you also want to be in the
NBA but I mean that happens yeah she
have neckline
well I've hit you hard set your goals
too high and then before you know it
like see I should have tuned it down a
notch it's fun I want to be in the NBA
to come before I decided to become a 5
foot a Middle Eastern male with no
athleticism although our NBA dreams
didn't come true because of our cancer
unfortunately this is our parents genes
fault so I just needed about five more
inches I love my boy Ali would you man
which friend do you know drove me to the
barbershop that and watch me gonna hear
you didn't even get a haircut you just
sat there and watch less the barbershop
drove me and Jackie to go get our
eyebrows done eating at his eyebrows
done just watch and just sat there and
enjoyed every second of life well I sure
as fuck did we love this exactly this is
the definition of a true best friend
shout out to all these I don't know
anyone else who's going to come to the
barbershop and the eyebrow lady just to
watch us but we're not complaining
waiting my nails come on I need to go
get them done to reassure them that
we're watching
look we're actually watching regular TV
not basketball this is a once in a
lifetime thing and we're getting it on
camera how like rare is this for you ah
where I don't think I watched regular TV
in months guys she's lucky that all the
basketball games are done today cuz if
you can't see the time all the way down
there
it is almost 1:00 a.m. so obviously 1:00
in the morning there are no basketball
games on right now so she's lucky we're
finally not watching basketball we're
watching what are you watching what is
it friends yeah what are you watching
you no way the only show I like on Nick
Nick at Nite is George Lopez I love
George Lopez guys this is the George
Lopez being constant in an engine and
instance thin ininin and
are you really honest low rider Dan and
I I'm looking at a signing deal you know
I know from Metro boomin in case you
heard that that was me bruh wat is
singing if you want to sign me to a deal
anyways guys Jackie's right we literally
only watch basketball my eyes only look
towards the TV it's basketball on the
only buttons that get pressed on the
Simo are the NBA League Pass channels
there's no games on so Jackie can watch
whatever she wants this is Jackie's time
she wants to watch TV I'll watch it with
her so I guess the watching friends yeah
this is your life wait you know this
year I made of a solution in my head
that you guys will never see me with
cracked nails but I have to bite them so
the life of a ratchet you know what I
realize you never kiss on camera no I'm
serious
is that an offer well yeah but I'm
saying like I feel like people probably
think that were friends and just like
like wow what a fucking boring kids what
are we in fourth grade acting like a so
first of all you're facing the wrong way
keep smiling look wow that's like sixth
grade why are you trying to do where's
Emma where is the 21 year old kid well
after the camera goes off are the kids
turns to little more and uses the
cameras off you can't get on camera base
two and three well you could get on
camera just not upload it to YouTube
we'll see now you just told our secret
yes needs I just want to share this
once-in-a-lifetime moment with you guys
where we are actually watching TV and
it's not basketball I know it's not
basketball the only thing that my eyes
draw towards is a basketball game so you
can just think that there's no shade
like back close or no should be easier
because they're all around yeah we're
going to go to sleep right now it's
about 1:00 in the morning and I want to
go play basketball
early hmm so when I shut the camera off
and watch TV I'm scared to sleep why
I've had nightmares I still get
nightmares guys I don't know why why do
I look like a parrot aren't you a parrot
no I look like that one with a thing
like this you mean a cockatoo okay a
cockatiel or a cockatoo I don't know
what it's called
I got a lip here too let's tie rakhie or
something it's a bird and it has a
little bit of cockatoo that's not a
cockatoo yeah cocktail okay no no okay
guys my brother just break me hospitai
it guys look oh yeah you could tell look
at the smoke in the car Ryan yes it was
a lot more this is the aftermath of the
prank Brian told me my call is on fire I
was upstairs editing this video this
very vlog the one you guys have been
watching I was upstairs editing and
Brian goes Brandon winning and I come
down and I see smoke coming out of my
car no it was worth this door was
closing the windows were cracked so in
the slovers coming out of the little I
don't know where the smoke is coming
from and like saying no and then I was
like I was freaking out I was like open
the garage open the garage so when we
open the garage the lighting of the
background wood the smoke made the smoke
was black how he thought I was funny I
was like oh shit my cars on fire
it's in my cards literally our fire was
like what's the first one yeah and then
you know and then when Brian opened the
door like to end the prank and say oh
look it's a fog machine it looked more
like it looked online no it looked like
a bomb that's what I thought
and Brian was like okay the frankly I'm
open the door look look Brian's like oh
shit open the door damn how fatty what
you think what do you think about what
I'm on fire see it looks like it's on
fire guys oh my god we can see it and
the door was closed just the windows
were cracked I was like where's this
coming from
but no Brian when you tried to end the
prank you're like oh look look in the
back instead of me saying oh hey yeah
it's a prank that's a fog machine I said
oh shit it's a bomb I thought it was a
bomb yeah that's what I thought I was
like run to the whatever I'm not gonna
go inside the car all something Oh what
the fuck is that that boundary is the
fuck is that Mike why not - dirty bomb
well I agree this need come on - why is
it looks like a fucking ball anyway guys
my brother - guys reaction oh I don't
think the mealworm one was better I
think I got nowhere yeah that one looks
pretty bad
but I guess Brian's trying to start a
prank war if that's what he wants if I
got him with the worms and he just got
me with car on fire or Bob in my car I
don't know that's not why were you going
not for the bomb right no no I on fire
we not flames but like smoke but you
know sometimes cars smoke my gosh guys
but yeah honestly if you guys want to
check out my full reaction if you want
to go watch the prank video that's going
to be on my brother's channel obviously
a lot of you guys know the channel but
if you don't I'm going to leave the link
in the description down low go check it
out I'm not gonna lie looks pretty
scared I'll like why the ia
why this car I thought it was good I
went Helen you guys might not understand
a lot of it cause I was speaking in
Kelly and I was worried I was scared so
I was speaking my first language and I
was just like call my dad call
nine-one-one what's going on
blah blah so oh wait no what was I
worried about the most basketball I mean
are you kidding me
I like Brian go get the ball go get the
basketball
well I have my bass ball and my bass
well shoes what right get my basketball
raining you will get your fucking
bathroom
but anyways take this looking for
measure now take it out the bomb oh my
god
if we're being honest I got more scared
when I thought it was a bomb than I did
when I saw the smoke like I gotta have
my car fire that I'm still vulnerable
how yeah exactly I thought I overcharged
it because I left a in charge overnight
Brian fuck you imagine the chemicals and
all that actually really make it get off
I get it out of my car oh my gosh it
doesn't smell like fire that's what
confused me I saw the smoke and I'm like
but it doesn't smell like fire what is
going on and I looked on the back I
looked right here I looked from the back
there was nothing I look from the front
there was nothing I looked up the
charging unit nothing so I'm like what
is on fire like my dashboard my steering
wheel what the hell hold fire
yo got to close this video I just want
to say I hope you really did enjoyed
this vlog it's been so long ever since I
just you know woke up pick my camera up
and just vlog my day just a simple
natural pretty much a raw vlog every day
from here from here on you know I've
been doing like challenges pranks or
specific types of videos like but I love
logging that's what I love to do and
it's been so long since I just simply
woke up and started logging so today was
one of those days I hope you did enjoy
this video it's been a long time since I
uploaded just a normal of free-flowing
naturals logs from breweries so I hope
you guys enjoyed Brian I was scared I'm
not going to Lyle is really really
scared
but hey if you want to start a prank war
you guys know me I don't back down from
challenges so if you want to start a
prank war
just remember this day Brian you started
it or actually I kind of started it with
the mealworms but Brian continued it so
if you want to start a prank well we
could go ahead with that I just wanted
to address a few things really quick
before I close this video out because a
lot of people have been tweeting me and
you know tagging me on Instagram is
these things so I just want let you guys
know that I do see that so firstly
there's that little meme that came out a
couple of days ago where it's that dudes
like this and it says do tomorrow do
tomorrow and you know everyone's
tweeting me saying bro they still you're
saying
do today do today that's what you saying
they stole it I know how could they do
that to me how could they do that to
Pilate so don't worry guys I know I see
all the all the times you guys tag me in
it I see it and by the way for whoever
made that means you got it wrong it's
due today due today not due tomorrow due
tomorrow so god I appreciate your
concerns about how someone stole my
saying but it's all good we'll let it go
secondly everyone's tweeting me you know
oh did you see the Phoenix Suns players
in all-star weekend Devin Booker dare
Jones unit yes I saw guys don't worry
Devin Booker is in the skills
competition which is kind of weird to me
I expected him to be in the three-point
contest but somehow they put him in the
skills competition I don't know what if
I'm not complaining at least and also we
can expect a ting so Devin Booker is now
the skills competition last year he was
in the three-point contest and he
challenged Steph Curry and klay Thompson
in the championship round but this year
using the skills competition he is also
in the Rising Stars game with Marquis
squid so the Phoenix Suns actually has
two players in that Rising Stars game
Devin Booker and Marquis Kris and then
they also have a participant in the slam
dunk contest Derrick Jones jr. so the
Phoenix on drives - getting some love on
all-star weekend we don't have it all
start in the all-star game although Eric
Bledsoe should have been also first of
all shout out a little 340 point games
in his last six games of 40 of 41 and
another 41 point game in his last six
games three times so shout out to his
he's an all-star in my heart but
according to the NBA he's not an
all-star but they showed us some love
with the skills competition Rising Stars
and the dunk contest I'm seeing those
don't worry nonetheless I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
lastly before I close it I just want to
say today earlier when I went to play
basketball first of all should have
listened to Jackie she told me not to go
but I took a really hard fall and I
should really ice my wrist or I don't
know whatever you want to call this hand
but I fell right on I'll trying to break
my fall and I kind of good thing it
wasn't on camera because I wouldn't want
to rewatch it was a pretty bad fall so I
kinda I don't know my mom obviously the
worry mom will go to the doctor go get
it checked out I'm gonna just see where
this goes hope
nothing bad because we have a game on
Tuesday and I just don't I don't want to
be injured someone let this try to heal
on its own I don't even want to remember
the fall because it's a pretty bad fall
so just try to forget about it if it
doesn't get better if it keeps on
swelling and keep on bruising I'm always
going to have to go check it out just in
case it's more than just a bruise but
I'm hoping it's just a bruise I also
kind of hurt my knee it was a bad fall
let me just say that and I landed really
really awkwardly on but I did keep
playing for the record I got up and I
kept playing which is pretty stupid of
me but that's what I did anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if I do end
up going to the doctors which I'm going
to try to avoid I hate going to the
doctor's I always try to heal things on
my own I'm gonna try to avoid that but
if I do go just keeps getting worse then
I'm gonna let you guys know how that
goes hopefully it's nothing serious
remember ball is life but if we're being
honest I came and fucking with my handy
if you watch the prank you could
probably see I was like this the whole
time because the prank happened right
after I got back home it wasn't even a
struggle for me to edit but anyways I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching this video and I hope you guys
have a really really good Friday
