okay and we're gonna be live once the
chain clicks what's going on you guys go
keep going with it go what is it I love
you guys Brandon here aka bruh what is
and today I'm here with shout out to the
brother lattice squad we in the building
we wasn't in the building for a while
but we back in the building yeah it's
been too long you he wasn't in the
building so a lot of you guys obviously
there's my best friend Ollie you guys
know him shoutout I don't know for
everybody who hates when I say shout out
in every single video you could blame
him because he brought that on to my
channel for those new subscribers who
don't know this is my best friend right
now and he's been my best friend since
kindergarten so we were 5 years old when
we met now I'm 21 he's 22 and we're old
old but still best friends so this is my
best friend Ollie and a lot of you guys
missed him I swear he's only been a
couple of my videos but you guys love
him you guys were commenting Oh where's
all your shit I love it yeah we miss
Ollie you know well he's back he's been
super busy you can tell them what you've
been up to recently basically I've been
busy with school I gotta say or say
University so I'm just taking a bunch of
classes 18 units so I'm really busy with
that and then bawling as usual so I
think that's the only pretty much we
really don't have time to hang out that
much anymore me with my YouTube him with
his school we only have time to see each
other at the gym play basketball but any
time that we could make time we love to
hang out so today we're bringing you
guys a story video I haven't told a
story in a really long time
shayana sporting a shout out all the
counselors you guys are gonna know what
we're talking about in a little so uh
yeah I used to love telling stories I
had a lot of things that happened to me
my childhood and this thing that
happened it happened it happened with
all these so it only made sense for me
to hit up all y'all's like yo are you
trying to tell a story I don't want to
tell this by myself so let's just get
right into it there's no point to just
keep I was a seventh grade right this
wasn't 7th grade we went to elementary
school together middle school high
school so we were 7th grade middle
school same school and we ended up
taking the same class the class that we
took together for those who don't know
it's office month
my office hall monitor's so pretty much
I don't even know why that's considered
a class it's pretty much called instead
of office monitor they should name it
hang out with your friend it was so easy
it was easy all they do so me and Ollie
would have a desk we would sit in the
office you know just kick back
sit up we would sit back we would talk
and then eventually when a counselor or
principal or VP whatever has a past that
they want to go hand out to a classroom
to go bring a suit into the office they
would be like hey I'll leave Brandon
here's a pass you know go get this kid
and bring him to the office that's it
and then it will also have the fair
share of passes over like detention
reminders yeah all the kids who had
detention after school yeah on that day
we have to go give him the passes so
pretty much all we did for the whole
year in that class was just we would sit
back and when a teacher or a counselor
or principal wanted us to go grab a
student and bring him in for whatever
reason here's the pass here's the room
number go get it so you know we started
the year off we're like we had only had
a couple of classes together before in
our whole life and all those classes
were like real academic you know mass
high so we never really had chance to
talk and hang out so this is our first
time where we have a class and we're
just chilling together so I think it was
I took the class and then like the first
two weeks you could change classes yeah
and you're in a different lesson I told
you Brandon you need to hop in the back
no I literally don't do anything I'd
actually do passes I have no one with me
here in the class we could walk around
and do nothing remember yeah yeah I was
in Spanish and I dropped the class
because all he texts me is like bro you
have to join the class with me I was
like are you sure so I dropped it so
like I said we would just hang out
during the whole class if you don't
believe us here's proof I mean here's a
pit I'll show it up on the screen it's
too hard to see it on the yearbook but
they asked us you know why'd you take
off this monitor and in the yearbook
it says kindergarten buddies all emojis
Dada and Brandon Iwata say we took off
this modern so now we can hang out
during class I don't know if it was
smart to say that to the president
interviewing us but that's what we said
so you know we're starting class and you
know we're getting passes taking them
everywhere we we'd love to going walking
around who wouldn't yeah we at the
beginning it was like a good experience
getting swagger
I agree with Joe talk about basketball
you know just okay make sure every
single little pass was delivered yeah
and you know if one class was that way
of the school and the other pass was
that way then we would split up and you
know go our own ways and eventually we
got sick of that we were like you know
what every single pass we get we're
walking together mm-hmm we're not
splitting up eventually yeah because the
rule for that class there weren't many
rules but one rule was you know if you
guys go out together and one class is on
one side of school and the other class
is on that side you just split up you
need to split up and go cuz that's
faster you can't walk to one class here
walk down the class so eventually we
followed I mean we started out following
the rules but eventually we're like you
know is it really gonna hurt if we walk
together to one class and then walked to
the other class mind you this was the
first year that our middle school had
installed cameras yeah cuz there was
like so-called gang fighting bonny
boxing yeah they called body boxing in
the bathroom for 10 seconds gang fights
so they installed cameras and you know
we didn't even know if we believed if
they were real cameras cuz all along our
hopefully it was a show yeah like we've
never had cameras in school and nowadays
you guys are probably like well of
course there's cameras in school but
when we were in middle for old yeah
we're old man we're out of our prime
that was not that was not a thing but it
turns out you'll find out later in the
story the cameras were real so you know
we started just slowly day by day kind
of not following the rules and you know
obviously now we're mature we regret we
regret it but before we were just young
kids we were what is that 12 years old
12 13 yeah something around there right
before some great isness so you know we
started like I said we started walking
together and sometimes we would deliver
the pass and instead of going straight
back to the office we'd be like okay
let's just take a couple more go to the
P area and see people play basketball
you know we would just kind of kill time
and nothing bad really just kill time
and then we would so we never actually
got to the point where we would start to
argue who ever got to take the passage
to guys because we would argue because
Room 205
oh yeah through 205 choir room
was the best building no all we had a
crush I did have a crush on one of the
girls in that class yeah so every time
the VP or the counselor would walk over
to our desk and be like oh here's a pass
all we would go crazy like oh is that
for 2:05 like that and he would go crazy
like I want to deliver that pass so
eventually we actually started to get
into a little bit of arguments because
Ollie would because you liked your to be
blah
but to me how it just be like okay let
me mess around them a little I want to
take this pass on like no it's like was
on drugs I know I'm gonna take this pad
I need to take it so we would uh like
argue over who got to take the pass to
Room 205 shout-out Shanna
no we're not gonna name your name the
Shanna you know who you are two of us
she was going bad made for middle school
yeah why are classy sync - voiceover yo
wonder what she's doing
yes probably art it's like American Idol
yeah so yeah we would argue over that
all the time but um those are the days
when all he just had a huge crush
because eventually that girl who had a
crush on kind of just fell off and so he
turned into from crushing on someone to
I guess
I don't know why I don't like a fake
middle school relations five six day
relation yeah what do you call that what
middle schools date is that like
considered boyfriend and girlfriend or
is that considered I don't know what
it's called I think it was a five six
day there's a lot yeah that was all the
time exactly five or six years pretty
much in middle school so I would like
you know I was a kid I was 12 years old
and all it would be tongue on you know
I'm starting to like day or get serious
with this girl and I'd be like what are
you talking about and then I remember
one day wasn't in the lunch court table
yeah yeah so one day we're out
delivering passes and obviously together
was this the day when her friend came up
to me told me that I was cute what you
did on the same day no no I told me that
and then I asked her out sir Mike so he
oh my god this is such a middle school
day so her friend told Ollie that you
know she thinks all he's cute and Ollie
wastes no time she was older too I know
she was you're dating all the girls
big deal and we used to think she was
so-so
all I see one guy about delivering
basket and I look and I see Ollie is
making out with her oh and to me this is
like holy shit
like we're 12 years all these making out
like with tongue I saw the tongue like
that yeah so I'm looking at what is all
we do it you know he's not a good kid
this is not only that I know but I was
so high in my head I was like yes you
caught me everything like it was I don't
know it was just crazy so and this was
all during like office monitors this is
during class this wasn't after school
one during lunch serious academic
serious serious academic office monitor
and he's out making out with a girl oh
man
so uh point in case oh just to repeat
herself this was not the girl that he
had a crush on him and she yeah this was
a whole new girl latina this one was yes
yes and like big things yeah it was yeah
she was sucking on a lollipop that she
was walking around with that lollipop
like all day that's what made you like
yeah and she know like Hobbit or in the
hair so we're getting back to the point
uh oh I'm by the way for those who don't
know everyone who went to middle school
with a shout out you already know me and
Holly we would literally like match our
clothes we went to the mall and bought
the same famous sherry be stars and
strats you guys remember that band the
the f it yes we would match it just I
think we got the limited-edition white
one it was white yeah so you know
everyone just knew me and all you guys
like oh it's Brandon they're all we must
be there Oh where's Ollie and Brandon
they're like this but uh people wouldn't
even ask Oh where's Brandon or where's
Ollie it was just a package like where's
Brandon and Ollie so okay we're getting
off topic so this is all happening
during office monitor and well one
little last side story shout-out to miss
Porter because she
not there anymore she's retired is
probably retired but me and ollie every
time we would want to go to each other's
houses after school we would be too
scared to like I would be scared to ask
my mama now ApS gonna ask my mom you
know Middle Eastern we didn't have that
we can't really let go I just hang out
unless you have permission yeah I know
where you are what you're doing what
time like all this fucking all this
summer when that we would have miss
Porter call our mom and like ask for us
oh can he you know go to his house
they're being really good today so
shout-out to you sweetheart
and miss Holmes to miss all that she was
kind of buff you know she was a very
nice lady really what she lifted yeah I
know
so anyways it gets to the point where
you know we're disobeying rules and just
little ones we're still doing our work
we're still giving the passes out
everyone still get into the office maybe
just a little late maybe the biggest
thing we were doing was was we were
throwing away the detention passes so
which were the passes you have to give
to them they have to come to class right
now which they would never find out that
if they got or not so we were like let's
just throw these attention remind walk
around this was the biggest thing that
we did and this is one like we didn't
really believe the cameras were a real
thing so you know we would we would get
the passes the principal himself would
hand us passes and we'd get up walk
around and eventually we got to the
point where we would kind of crumple the
passes or read right there or some of
them green yellow green depends on how
bad it is and we would like crumple them
and throw them away and then instead of
going to the class we would just walk
around and go back to the office and
just people would like not show up to
the detention so started getting fishy
like imagine we would give out I mean we
were supposed to be giving out detention
15 to 20 a day and you know we'd be like
oh oh but unless it was Room 205 verse
205 straight to the room so we just got
really stupid we got way too comfortable
the class was way too easy so we decided
you know oh no one's gonna find out they
don't show up to detention you know
whatever is so eventually we started
throwing away passes and
we were just idiots I'm telling you we
were too young we apologize to all the
wagon hime staff and everything for all
the trouble from all the trouble we
caused you um and so one day I guess the
cameras turned out to be real real the
cameras were real they caught the
finesse guys shout out to the cameras
because if it wasn't for you we would
have never got caught so I loved that
dream pretty much we got caught throwing
away passes when kids stopped showing up
to detention obviously like the
principal start watching the cameras I
guess mr. Guyardo mr. Garr don't shout
out that a scary guy hears that oh the
line is swiftly slanted here like
balding but still flat egg dark black
glass oh my god race soon weather yeah
and the black time oh my god
so I mean we got caught by the school
Prince and look what worst thing is
there then getting caught by the school
principal throwing up like I don't even
want to say it are we stupid
we had the easiest God and so and they
trusted us miss Porter like we were Miss
Porter's angel that I was gonna say so
when we got caught you don't understand
it wasn't just oh we got caught and you
know we got yelled at like a normal
teacher no these these counselors and
principals and vice principals they
looked at me and oli like we were the
chosen children yes oh you guys are the
best office monitors ever you know you
guys are so funny together we love you
too pleasure having you so when we got
caught it wasn't just like oh that's
typically Andalus yeah you know they're
bad students anyways we expected this no
we were so we have such good like phases
where we could just sit outside pass
away and go walk but we were just really
good at that and we felt that I was
scared I felt bad I was like these
people trusted us you know even we got
caught a lot of times walking around
together and we wouldn't get in trouble
because the counselors love was now this
time there was no getting out it was
like almost embarrassing to go back
there every day cuz they knew what we're
gonna do
yeah we just walk in and just like kind
of like put our heads down yeah it was
it's embarrassing and we felt bad there
are some kids
kids who throw away passes but we're not
like that we felt that you know these
people trusted us so we had the talk and
they decided you know this class was an
easy a we got AIDS every single time
every single student who's ever taken
that class has gotten an A and not a B
no C no the everybody and a plus for
that
I mean it's Hall on its home under so
they sat down with us and they told us
you know they're not gonna suspend us
they're not gonna give us referrals or
anything but what they are gonna do
they're gonna give us a see the grade
that they're gonna give us and you know
okay so for some people a C is a see who
cares
but for us like I said middle eastern
it's like a C is like you gotta see like
all that oh man and it was bad because
it's just embarrassing like we said no
one in hall monitor history has gotten
worse than an A now how do we explain to
our parents that we have great grades
then we have a C and easy selector that
made history
exactly maybe if no one is ever gonna
fuckin B or C so what I wanted to
explain to you guys that has a report
card right here I still kept them
shout-out to my mom wants a folder with
all my envelopes this was the saddest
day of my life because I've always
wanted a 4.0 GPA I don't know how they
do grading skills where you guys are
from or where you're at but where we are
and the time we went to school a 4.0
meant stray aids 4.0 GPA you know I had
gotten 3.8 before I had been one grade
away from a 4.0 and I'd be so mad at
myself so this time I had an am first
period and a and second and a third and
a fourth and a fifth period so I'm like
holy shit because my sixth period was
office Mona told Mike holy shit I gotta
get my first-ever 4.0 you know I'm
fuckin ideal that's such a different
page for getting good grades back then
oh I think my mom would give me like $20
in a yeah so but it was even about the
money I just always wanted a 4.0 GPA I
had never gone in I had always been so
close
it's like LeBron when he would go to the
finals and go and go and he wouldn't win
like that for me I would get so close
and this time I was like okay all I have
to do is get an aid office money you
know I got the a in pre-algebra I got
the a in science in world history in
English I did it in all the hard
subjects it's like I took down the
Warriors I took down the Spurs I took
out the cab and then I mean then the
sons I lost to the sons I got a/c an
office monitor the one year the one time
literally was the one opportunity 4.0
and let me just say that I finished
middle school after that six seven eight
grade without getting a 4.0 once I got
multiple 3.8 being one grade away and
there was like the one that got away
it really was that ruined it I did
eventually I got my 4.0 in high school
yeah but this was like me and all he had
good grades so C was such a big deal and
just I don't know guys how did that
happen out of that oh this is stupid
you know what it is I guess I track we
got comfortable females - I've been
making out making out - all were
matching with famous stars and strapping
work we were invincible yeah we were
like you know I was I was like I think I
was four foot six or four foot four in
my career for for for for six hour for
like five - yeah I'll leave I always big
deal right yeah people thought we were
brothers like he was the older brother I
was younger cuz Olly was over five feet
tall even in like a little family on me
- nice little belly oh and I was like I
was minute right I think I was like four
foot four inches or four foot six inches
basically like kind of I was for the
junior yeah J no because I remember when
I went to high school I was four foot a
yeah four foot eight when I went away to
school I remember in my first year of
high school I shot up and I was 511 or
six foot four my first year and I was
four foot eight
yeah and so in seventh grade I must have
been four foot four inches too tall and
so you know we were just these you know
Big Brother little brother nothing can
go wrong until we got bit by the school
principal in the school staff so to all
of the middle school we went to we
apologize we apologize yeah we just had
to get us off our chest we try to get is
this off our chest is there any way you
can change the C to an a now that we
apologize I'm
we're so oh boy I was a 4.0 exactly pass
me some sort of position we get some
anyways guys I mean I hope you enjoyed
that story we fucking love all the
illusions like this is it when people
say oh we've been friends for so long
you know a couple years they don't know
like me and Ollie is is like authentic
this is authentic like we literally
think the same thing and what I have to
say it
oh we know so you know French for 16
years and counting we've been through so
many things together this is just one of
the stories and you look forward to
telling you much more I want to know how
stupid you guys think we were for
throwing passes away yeah the easiest
class and getting a seat I don't know so
I know you guys missed all I had to
bring you back for you guys not out
shout out for their brought a wider
squad this thing is nice here is that
the new bruh wat is taking my spot hello
I got a basketball game tonight I'm
about to go get my hair cut I'm excited
for today
all your good love get the dumb
prediction of who's gonna win I got my
money I think was it the spread is like
minus five minus six so tonight I got my
money on the bro Addis an drug phase
drug squad so I got I got my money on
them oh and a lot of people ask every
time I post a basketball game a lot of
people ask oh why don't you put Ollie on
the team well here's a simple answer
Ollie is too good at basketball if we
the director for that lead I know I'm
serious you might think I'm joking but
at least I think I'm being serious if we
put all the on the team he wouldn't let
us play he would say that your team is
way too good cuz all these really really
good for those who have watched my
basketball videos Ollie's good so I
would love to have Ollie on the team but
we wouldn't be able to play they would
probably shoot us up to know the
directors yeah the director watches the
games and if your team is too stacked he
doesn't let you play in there so I would
love to put all the on my team obviously
but I'm the number one fan by the way
for next time when you say who you think
is gonna win and you said the robotics
and Facebook squad our team name
officially is actually the Devin
Booker's Oh next time well you know if I
was on a team and team up you call the
shaquille nails yeah the big diesels a
diesel shag diesel
salut shag if you're watching I think
Tyson Chandler is a better basketball
player than all right you know what and
you know I'm just joking guys I'm joking
do you know how good was no I know
Jack's fuckin dominant yeah yeah Jersey
in this room yes okay guys so anyways I
hope you enjoyed this video me and Ollie
had a crazy crazy blast a blue we had a
blast crazy couple years of middle
school in high school I hope you enjoyed
leave a like if you did enjoy leave a
like if you want to see more crazy
stories with me and Olly and for the
last thing before I go Olly Instagram if
you guys want to keep up with him keep
up with his life in the description
below so go give all your follow
shoutout to the brown wider squad it was
nice seeing you guys nice talking to you
guys look and for those who don't know
the reason he says brought ìletís no
that's not how you say my name it's bro
bodies but the first time he read it
because I always his bro I did so ever
since then it's been the brother lattice
squad thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
tbh peace peace
