okay guys my game starts in less than an
hour but the sun's game is on so I'm not
leaving to my game until the Sun game
finishes
luckily the sun's game is going to end
in a few minutes hopefully the Suns win
I really don't want to go play my game
after watching the sun's lose I would
literally be depressed so it's a close
game what do you know of course what a
surprise every single Suns game is close
but yeah this Suns game is almost over
they do I ever get a break from
basketball like my brain is basketball
go Booker for three oh my god that's
four in a row
four threes in a row for Devon fucking
Booker he is on a mission right now that
man is on a mission but yeah guys I
swear wake up play basketball come back
home watch basketball the sun's game and
then go to my game and play that night
I'm the definition of balls life Oh No
how's that a fellow you piece of shit
Rex rigged paid off by Las Vegas betters
breakdance league okay guys but yeah
hopefully I get to watch the suns win
right now and then go play my game
imagine how mad I would be like how
angry I would be playing if I play after
watching the Suns lose like right after
watching the Suns lose I don't know if
I've ever played basketball after her
son's lost oh well hopefully they could
win guys I'm getting the pregame
treatment every commercial break of the
Suns game it's a commercial right now so
I get the pregame massage my legs are
dead let me just say babe how much best
I'll have I played this past week the
chicken the chicken leg stretch I have
some chicken leg that's when I start
working out my legs they're with me I
work my legs up you work here but I'll
work my legs right okay okay back on
back on stretch later guys Booker's on
fire oh my god another three oh my
goodness Booker stop it
we get it you could shoot the ball oh my
god that's five threes in the fourth
quarter Booker you damn goat the
greatest of all time
to be not yet Wi-Fi bigger than your
damn head I swear
get yourself not only someone who's your
girlfriend but also personal trainer
highway oh I like I like this stretch
hey Aang say go baby for a Devin Booker
say it for the game everyone's already
waiting for me it's getting late but the
Sun game still isn't over so I can't
miss the Suns game yeah what yeah
oh my god let's go thank you so much did
I ever tell you guys how much I love
these two guys named Devin Booker and
Eric Bledsoe okay so look this and one
got them up high off the glass
Bledsoe thank you okay so the sun's are
down by one with one minute left and
Bledsoe shooting a free throw to tie the
game come on let's go please
yes tie game a minute and five seconds
left
why are the Sun listen the Suns are
literally addicted to close games and my
heart can't take this anymore
we're in so many close games every
single time we play okay don't let towns
touch the ball please nope nope yes
travel yes yes that's fun let anybody
else beat you let rid you of your cake
the Shahs and let gorgeou Jane take the
shot just don't like karl-anthony towns
or Wiggins touch the ball okay guys Suns
ball 45 seconds left
tie game please Bledsoe or Booker anyone
here but so for three wait why don't you
take a three there blood soul no we do
not need a three we did not need a three
there we should have got an easier shot
okay let's get one more stop please one
more stop don't let them score please
God owned a lot to pick left left
get up TJ get up No why'd you throw oh
my god there was three seconds left on
the fucking shot clock
dami okay guys we got really lucky
andrew wiggins missed the first free
throw
but Tyson Chandler you're a vet you're
an NBA champion you know better you
cannot foul on that play you should have
just stayed straight up anyways please
miss this wicked hmm no fuck me damn it
see Tyson's mad at himself okay guys so
the Suns are down by 112 seconds left
their balls could you imagine I have to
go play a game and the Sun oh my god
okay hurry up Earl Watson make this a
20-second timeout a lot of time I'm
going to be late for my game oh my gosh
please for the love of God oh they're
going to show the Devin Booker game
winner I knew it against New York way to
put pressure on the young kid please let
this be a part two for Devin Booker
please oh my god I'm shaking I can't
even hold the camera 13 points in the
fourth quarter for Devin Booker way to
come up clutch young Warren please you
don't even need a three I don't know why
we keep going for threes a simple two
and easy two wins the game
tell her why oh they call the foul yet
yeah they call the foul for PJ Tucker
Tucker please come up clutch PJ holy
shit Tom Thibodeau is irate oh my god
please PJ don't choke
please I'm already getting ready to
tweet away babe I'm on your account
imagine I tweeted fuzzball Allah besides
all days off of Jackie's account PJ 76%
please please oh my god after P so bad
oh my god I'm shaking for him I can't
even imagine how nervous he is just shit
shit don't bother him yes okay shit
nobody talks nobody in the house talk
don't bother him one more one more PJ
please please God it's oh my god why
does it have to happen before my
basketball game I need to go
breathe PJ if you're going to make it
yes or no yes okay if he misses it's
your fault
okay okay weakly you clutch son of a
bitch you clutch PJ hold on I need to
tweet PJ Tucker lunch ice in his veins
that's what he has ice in his veins
okay honestly I give it to Earl Watson
that was a smart play call you're down
by one with 12 seconds left everyone
obviously is expecting you to go to book
or a blood cell so the T will start
putting most of their defense on Booker
and Bledsoe and you give it to PJ Tucker
that was smart nobody thought Tucker
would get the ball in that situation so
you catch them off-guard they might need
to change
okay one more stop sign one more stop
outfit so I can't even feel pain right
now I'm too nervous okay one more stop
six seconds left
this is for the son 23 in a row I can't
even remember the last time the Cubs won
three games in a row I must have been a
baby not a joke dad the Sun went today
that's three in a row
we haven't won three in a row in so long
it's been like three years okay one stop
don't let towns or Wiggins touch the
bowl don't let towns or Wiggins touch
the bowl don't work homeroom sweetie
yeah let Rubio take that shot it's fine
no no no not Wiggins repeating gel Danza
no man what was your role Hey
no no not we can repeat it devil put
your hands up no no ha ha ha
before what the fuck what the fuck what
the fuck is that shape fuck back you
balls fuck this fucking Boris fuck that
was such good defense by PJ Tucker we're
fucking curse I swear we're fucking
curse how yeah let Rubio take a shot
it's fine no no not like repeating devil
stands up no no
fuck fuck basketball
fuck these looking for a fuck
are you fucking what the fuck why is
this shit happen
oh my god what the fuck only to the Sun
only to the Phoenix Sun I'm really
shaking money oh my god I understand if
we play shit defense and and he just got
an easy shot and they want but Tucker
played great defense Wiggins even lost
the ball any wet oh my
oh my well just the game dad did you see
the videos going yeah but that way he
lost the ball
Tucker great defense picked it up and
now they just want to piss you off
oh shit well you know what yeah it's
just a game
it's just basketball you know like I
said oh it's just a game who cared what
happened on TV doesn't affect your life
does it fuck you yes it does affect my
life it does affect my life I hate those
people when the sun's losing I'm in a
bad mood and those people come up
anything oh it's just a game whether the
Suns win or lose you're still great in
the water you're still living the same
life fuck you know my life don't get my
mood don't get Changeling son win or
lose so Joe you know what guys I'm done
yeah you know what they're right it's
just again you know I'm still the same
guy I'm done
fuck this like this God hate me I don't
know did the basketball girls hate me
yet that's the first shirt are the sons
cursed yes that like that is not even a
question
yeah I look oh my good boy deserves to
happen one oh my god and I'm late to my
bath for me because I just can't get
over this I knew as soon as Wiggins
picked it up and shot it I knew I knew I
knew a hundred percent it was going in
why you might ask what women why did you
know that I was going in oh well here's
your answer because it was against the
Sun of course we are going in of course
it's always against the Lakers or
against the Spurs or against the Rockets
or against the damn Nuggets that ball
would have rained out but because was
against the sons of course Wiggins has
to make it of course the ball went in of
course he may shoot it and it came out
unfortunately shootings and we bought it
no because we're the thumbs so
everything bad has happened to us so of
course he shot any minute of course so
if you'll ask me again open it how do
you know that I was going to go in you
said right when he shot it you knew
what's going to go in why yet I knew the
second he picked us to shoot it I knew
it was going in even if he threw it all
the way to the other side of the arena
it would have found a way to get inside
the loop because it's against the Sun
even if you shot it like this even if
you even if you rolled it like a bowling
ball the basketball gods would somehow
pick it up and put it inside the hoop
why because it's the Sun that's why Oh
enough of this shit I swear right even
if Thibodeau told the team okay you know
we got a tank we want that number one
pick Wiggins go mix that shot and
Wiggins went out on the court and threw
off of his head out of them it would
have spiraled somehow and the basketball
gods would have put it inside the hoop
to win the game
all because it was against the Suns I
don't know what I did I I don't steal I
don't hurt people I don't cheat on my
girlfriend I don't make fun of others
like what do I do but what do I do wrong
on this earth God what do I do for you
to like punish me this way why I'm not a
bad person I might not be the best
person on earth but I'm not a bad person
why do I get punished like this I just
don't understand why I get punished like
this there's this Cleveland Cavaliers
fans who steal and key and do all this
and they got to witness the championship
watching I can't even fucking watch my
team win one fucking game because they
Andrew Wiggins we hit the buzzer beater
nice why why why I can't discern be a
good basketball team like why can't I
just wake up one day and the Phoenix
Suns are good at basketball
why can't that fucking happen I don't
fucking know I don't know Andrew Wiggins
you are the devil well I'm late for my
game hopefully I get there not too late
I don't even care I haven't even watched
the shot again I'm not I'm not going to
rewatch that shot it's the highlight
come on TV I'm going to turn the TV off
if I see the highlights come up on my
phone I'm going to turn them turn my
phone off I'm not going to watch that
play again
I watched it one time when it was live
and that's the only time I'm going to
watch it I'm not watching that play
again Gigi
Kimball's Gigi Andrew wig
and now they're really like I played
that ball better one on that so I don't
know about this Matt though like usually
I'm mad but still like contained but
today like after that game after that
game winner I'm Matt to the point where
like I'm shaking I don't even know if I
could dribble a basketball but on the
bright side usually to get myself mad
before every game to get myself mad
I have Jesse lie to me and tell me that
she cheated on me some pain
on the bright side at least today she
does ask a lot of me and today I'm just
I'm already maxed when I to a point like
I don't even know if I could play like I
don't know if I could even dribble about
ball shoot a basketball fuck back I hate
basketball as my motivators for fuck the
NBA I hate this I swear literally why do
I do this to myself like am i stupid
it's almost 1:00 a.m. look 12:56 a.m.
and i'm rewashing the game for a second
time so obviously i watched it the first
time live and now I'm watching it again
before we go to sleep why am I going to
be depressed I know guys I'm gonna have
nightmares I swear I don't know why I do
this I love this team way too much so
I'm going to rewatch the game again
before I go to sleep
maybe if I watch it a second time the
outcome will be different you think if I
watch it now Wiggins might miss that
last shot or no but yeah guys I'm gonna
watch the game again before going to
sleep bled go Eric blood go yeah why do
I do this to myself I said I'm gonna
have the worst nightmares no but really
who else do you know that watches the
whole game the first time from first
quarter the fourth quarter records it
and then watches it again before he goes
to sleep I'm a crazy one I know I'm
crazy but Jackie begged me to watching
Netflix shows this is my Netflix shows
guys and you know some people might
watch the end of games like two times
but no not me I'm watching from the
first quarter till the end for a second
time
I don't skip to the end i watch the
whole thing all over again I told them
the other day in my last vlog that had a
few open my head my there wouldn't be a
brain there would just be a basketball
in there what curse we we are cursed
that the Phoenix Suns are cursed glass
cabal team and I'm a fan of a Christine
okay guys so I'm here to do the outro to
this video this is the day after the
game I couldn't do the outro of the
night of the game I was just too upset
to Matt so I didn't want to talk about
it hey I'd be lying if I said I was
fully over it I'd be lying if I said
that I don't care about that game
anymore but I am getting better I am
slowly forgetting about it now that I'm
calm let me just say GG's to the
Minnesota timber was they played a good
game they clipped 112 points Wiggins
took off in that fourth quarter he
killed us obviously with the buzzer
beater but even before that he was
playing really good he has 31 points the
sad thing is for the Suns is that their
biggest focus their main focus was
karl-anthony towns that they contained
it the only had 18 points but then
Wiggins comes out of nowhere and kills
us so hats off to the Timberwolves they
beat the Sun three times this year
there's just there's just those teams
for whatever reason that you don't match
up well against for the Suns that's the
timber was for phoenix devin booker
played well again he had 26 points and
he really came alive in that fourth
quarter he'd he went off he brought us
back he was on a mission he wanted to
win that game really bad obviously him
and karl-anthony towns they're really
really close best friend so I'm sure
Booker wanted to be him in Phoenix the
thing I love about Devin Booker is that
he was having a bad game he was having a
really bad game the first three quarters
and then boom the fourth quarter came
and he took off he went off so that's a
really really good time you know some
players to have a bad game in the first
three quarters and it just hurts them
mentally and they can't get going in the
fourth but Booker even though he was
having a bad game he just put all that
to the side and when the game was closed
he came up close
and he almost want us again he had like
15 or 16 points in that fourth quarter
black so obviously has some really
clutch plays at the end Tyson Chandler
Toxocara has been so good for us this
season and I feel like nobody talks
about it
yesterday he has 22 points and 17
rebounds against one of the best big men
in the league karl-anthony towns so
Chandler has been playing really well
for us and I feel like that's going
unnoticed oh and we got fucking screwed
by the rest look at this so this shot by
Devin Booker in the fourth quarter was
ruled a - the rest said that his foot
was on the line and they never reviewed
it they didn't go back and look at it
well after the game if you go back and
look the NBA tweeted a video of it and
it was a three Devin Booker foot was
behind the line so it should have been
three points they gave us - and guess
what we lost by one point so they stole
a point away from us and then we lost by
one point we got screwed out of that
Devin Booker hit a three the rest Canada
as a - they never reviewed it but all
the sudden after the game the NBA wants
to tweet a picture of it and his and
both of them see were behind the line so
I find that bullshit so they counted out
three which it should have been then
that would have been a cut whatever I
find it bullshit but what can you do now
it's over I'm slowly getting over this
loss I'm not gonna lie I'm not 100% over
it and I still don't want to watch the
fucking game again even though I watched
it last night before I went to sleep
anyways the suns has been playing way
better as of late they started off the
season really bad and although right now
they're not a good team they've been
playing really well recently so it's
refreshing for me as a son fans to watch
it's refreshing to see it feels so good
seeing Bledsoe play at this high of a
level Devin Booker obviously 10 games in
a row with 20-plus points he's only 20
years old he's younger than me and he's
over here scoring 20 plus 10 games in a
row that's crazy
good for him I wish that translated in
the wind but it didn't anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I know
you guys can't wait for the basketball
video that's going to be up tomorrow I
couldn't get around to editing it was
taking way too long
but I figured instead of leaving guys
with no upload I'll just upload this
today and I'll upload the basketball
videos tomorrow there was no way I could
have got it done today so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's upload and I hope
you guys enjoyed tomorrow
more following the sons one yesterday
and to close this video I'll adjust
remember Andrew Wiggins is the devil I
feel bad for a jockey because she has to
go through all this with me if I sell if
I'm suffering from the Sun she's
suffering too so I feel bad for her
