what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters and no I'm Way too tired for
this I'm sorry guys
Bosley you're awake too no I swear he's
on the mannequin challenge but be those
in the city he's still not moving okay
guys so I was going to start the vlog
right now but but you know when you wake
up and you're just so tired you're just
so dead you're just about to fall back
so I think we're going to go back to
sleep for a little bit and I'll fill you
up this vlog when we actually wake up
look I can't actually came and open my
eyes that's how tired I am
okay Bosley that means Oh turn your back
on me we have a visitor who came upon
the bed you want me to come off the bed
so that I can open the go and you can go
for a morning walk he won't let me go
back to sleep
Bosley I was up all night playing a ball
pool I need to go to sleep guys that's
literally why I'm so tired
I didn't sleep to like three or four in
the morning cuz I was playing eight ball
you know the iMessage pool I don't even
know what it's called but I was playing
me all night with all my cousin's I saw
I was doing like 90 games at once my
fingers are broken and my neck is broken
I was like this the whole night just
playing the eight ball ooh a new game
shout out a meal guys look so I lost
look when I said slug obviously because
I lost that was at three in the morning
then I woke up at 7:15 a.m. 7:00 in the
morning I don't even remember I was like
probably my sleeve and I played and then
now I'm awake again to play I don't even
remember playing at 7:00 in the morning
that was for sure in my sleep but on the
play no I'm literally addicted to this
game like my neck is broken and my
fingers are broken cuz I was playing all
day did you put in your order did you
put in your order oh yeah
like a missionary no it's not smart that
means idiot and Chaldean Brian did you
put in your order Oh Kurt I hop Brian
have you ever taken those off oh my gosh
he's wore them like nine days in a row
okay but so you don't want I hope no I'm
guessing oh it's only used a little look
we got a clip on the same place like
right there but mine went away kinda but
you can see the red mark you guys so we
are true brothers like we are blood
brothers
barely okay babe let's hit the road not
too bad
see ya Basel II Basel II Basel II okay
guys so me and my girlfriend are going
on a breakfast date so me and my
girlfriend are going to IHOP we're going
on a but not so much we are going on a
breakfast date because every morning
what do I do babe he kicked me out of
here no he has the video to make so
every morning I make a video I edit all
via Slee render upload film whatever I
do my stuff in the morning for you guys
and today I actually finished my video
really really early because I filmed it
last night it was the 2k video booth
Brian so I woke up today and I was like
okay my video is done I don't usually
have mornings off I don't usually have
morning streams so they
to state we're going to I off we never
really have a chance to go out to eat in
the morning well I know I'm super busy
but this is very rare so I didn't want
to just you know let it go to waste so
we're going to IHOP
oh wait that's me hi guys I'm a star boy
but I'm not the clean version I'm the
motherfucker I'm not the mother mother
Moses I'm the real one
oh yeah guys and we're bringing food
back for Brian and my mom actually I
don't know Brian wants but I know my mom
wants some waffles we have any way I
want to think I teach me the song I
don't even know who he is
boom play us where we are take me
somewhere we can be alone
that one come on fuck it we already know
the other I'll know about you 1022 poo
god I used to love Taylor Swift I don't
know what's happened to her now but
before she was five okay no I'd like 170
doesn't have the Ox
way does it what it doesn't have a damn
bog damn it no Taylor Swift actually no
that's not stopping me I'm playing it
off of my fault the way we can be alone
I've been drinking it's waiting now
waiting please yes did you have a
Christian no no no no I didn't like her
look I just like to
- her and Wizards of Waverly Place oh my
god I love this song
no but this is good my racket on score I
love this song and you realize I knew
you were trouble when you one can hang
on a god no we're almost there so much
by contrast the anchors are almost there
but before we go I did have to play this
no and it's not a Taylor Swift it's my
second favorite artist Oh God
I remember the second star go no no no I
play green oh I'm a Californian good
I'm literally California a male okay
guys sadly it's not that I didn't hate
when people ruined the whole song
because I don't know the lyrics like
Hawaii no I'm not gonna lie one drape
without my house and we think the theme
song there was a part when I didn't know
like yeah yeah in front of Jake bell we
made it - I think I hop drop top it
looks hot
okay guys so we made it to IHOP and we
have two huge fans right here so it's Oh
God
Glenn Cocco just yet I got thanks for
watching much guys
you won't ever get a bigger smile out of
Jackie unless you take her out to eat
you won't see her smile bigger unless
she's out eating few of them that I'm so
happy that was here because we haven't
gone out in the morning wait I can't do
this I look we always gone out to eat in
so long well you're already I'm always
working on my videos in the morning
if I could I'll got to eat every single
morning
here's a reference for yourself you got
my hand is actually broken looks like it
didn't move all night all night I was
holding onto one thing I literally slept
the whole night latched onto her butt
and now my hand is literally like numb I
can't move it
imagine all night just like every time
she please text me I literally don't let
go for but it's like my hand is super
glued on there I look at you grab me
anytime like anywhere yeah you do have
sausage fingers the Lizbeth days I don't
like my middle finger tits so long
yeah you have Vienna sausage fingers
guys there's a woman smart right now
woman March yeah people are obviously
going crazy I can't go anywhere look oh
my god it's like it's like after the
Cavs won the championships and everybody
was going crazy on Cleveland Cleveland
this is for you nothing worse than when
people don't play the eight ball pool
fast enough come on you got to replenish
I get so impatient I come on play play I
love a ball that's what it's called all
day you have to focus on the eight ball
or else you mix all the things guys I
suck at homee please guys why do couples
sit across the table me and Jackie have
always sat next to each other but we're
trying it out now hey honey how's it
going
nice to meet you sugar
are we getting it on after the breakfast
date under the table so that's my couple
say forgive me a little I don't know why
me babe do you remember the reason I
told you I sitting next to you instead
of across oh yeah one of the first times
we ever went out to eat it she thought
it was weird like sitting next to each
other instead of across and I told it
because I had to grab her butt while we
eat it so my hand just never gets a rest
it never gets a break okay so we got my
mom the food guys so we're walking back
to the car after getting my mom's food
and she hopped out the car from the
Starbucks drive to God my mom's finessed
me she asked for waffles I went brought
her waffles and she's not here she's not
home
cash nasty senesce kid my mom because we
kind of Bosley he literally went up
there laid down and he's been staring at
me and Jackie for so long I know the PAS
hanging off the stairs bodily why Oh
Bosley what's up what are you watching
we're not doing anything you know okay
guys so right now the worst part of my
day the saddest part of my day
Jackie's about to go back home because
she promised her mom by she would take
her to the mall my mom's gonna make me
go thingses so Jackie and her mom are
going to the mall hustling oh my god are
you that interested in it - yeah Bosley
Jackie and her mom are going to the mall
and while Jackie and her mama at the
mall I'm probably going to shoot around
play some bass flow outside when Jackie
is done with the mulch we're going to
come back here so I guess Jackie so
I'm Brandon Hadas aka Devin Booker okay
so Jackie's going to go to the mall with
her mom and I'm going to play some
basketball outside and Bosley is just
gonna keep being weird oh he's mad at
you you were laughing at him Bosley I'm
sorry I'm sorry here he's probably
smelling the towel
it looks so ugly I threw it I'm sure
what if you say you look ugly one more
guys I hate when she says she looks ugly
because she's hot she's beautiful and
she knows she looks hot you know your
heart yes no yes you do don't lie no
Jackie no she's hot and she says being
able to oh sweet babe I'm so fat no
you're not no you're not how are you
fast no I go like this wait wait can I
show them really quick when she's asleep
I wake up like this
gobble go go go go say bye to the brats
Claud hi guys see ya later
why you gotta fight with me at some dude
tweeted me saying you never say it on
the blogs anymore so say it anyway next
one so that was for you guys honestly
there's my favorite part of the day
shooting around by myself just me and
the courts I swear I love it ever since
I was a kid shooting around playing
basketball by myself that was my
favorite thing to do everybody thought I
was weird they'd be like oh hey come
here let's go to the park and play and
I'd be like nod rather just shoot around
by myself and now standing here at 21
years old it's still my favorite thing
to do I just love when it's me myself
and I and this boy right here it's kind
of like a stress reliever I guess or
just I don't know I guess like my time
to get away I'm always with Jackie or
I'm always with my family which there's
nothing bad about them all I love them I
love Jackie to death I love my family to
death I'm always with them or I'm always
just editing videos or filming so I
guess when I play dodgeball by myself
it's kind of like my getaway my alone
time again nothing against my family or
Jackie obviously I love them but this is
like the only time I get to be alone me
and this hoop right here Bosley are you
on duty yeah but
oh honey you're so fat she asked me for
waffles and then never came back home
guys I think my mom forgot it's all good
it's all love for you mom but you owe me
$9.99 I'm just joking okay guys so I
just finished playing basketball and now
it's time to watch basketball the son
game is about to start right now God is
my whole life literally basketball think
about it you know some people joke
around and they're like Oh ball is life
ball is literally my life all I do okay
right when I wake up I read basketball
read NBA articles I read NBA news and
rumors and then I play basketball
whether that's at the gym outside my
house and then to finish off the night I
watch basketball it's like my brain is
just constantly that like my brain is a
basketball if you opened up my school
all you would see is a basketball so I
just played basketball and now it's time
to watch the son's game so Jackie went
to the mall with her mom and she decided
to take Jackie so nice to her mom she
decided after the mulch is going to take
her mom out to dinner so Jackie is out
eating dinner with her mom they invited
me to go but I feel like Jackie never
really spend a lot of alone time with
her mom so I'm just like you guys go by
yourself it's fine and I'll just wait
for them to finish I know Jackie's mom
loves me but I told them you guys never
really spend any alone time together so
I just let them go by themselves six
hours later look who decided to show up
and eat the waffle mom yeah isn't it bad
by now it's too late I came home I got
our Jack cars all happy I brought the
bag I'll buy Oh where's my mom's not
home one hour later not home two hours
later not home I played on playing
basketball Michael maybe she'll come
home on playing no I said you owe me
$9.99 I'm good joking no really mom one
waffle was ten bucks I hope you need to
work on that pricing menu $10 for one
waffle mom
look no eggs no sausage no bacon nothing
just the waffles ten bucks I hopped you
got what I hope you got to work on that
bruh oh no no God shield my eyes Brandon
I an outside are both in the game
God someone please
so I can't I can't look no please
someone turn off the TV please Brian let
me know when Brandon night out son come
out so I could turn the tv back on
please god I can't watch those two play
basketball and night is worse than Len
by the way don't get me wrong Len is
trash oh my god a goat Devin Booker I
love you Devin Booker aka love of my
life
Alex Lannon Brandon Knight my two most
hated lookouts when just fucking threw
it right to a Knicks player Alex Len
threw it right into his arms fucking
Outland
trash oh let's see Brandon Knight
playing point what a nightmare okay you
know what let's give him a chance
oh oh oh are you fucking kidding me bro
like I can't make this up I just
recorded a random play any air ball the
fucking layup
Brandon Knight please get the hell off
this team here let's see one more play
so you guys don't think I make this up
open tonight to Alex Len Len with the
dunk oh he misses the fucking dunk oh my
god
so first outs Len passes the ball
directly to a Knicks player then Brandon
Knight airballs a layup and then Alex
went over seven feet all mixes a dunk
all this happened back to back to back
this is crazy so the reason I'm showing
you guys this is you know when I say I
when I say Brandon ayan Alex Len are
trash a lot of people tweet me saying
bro they're not that bad you're
over-exaggerating look I can't make this
stuff up I'm showing you just random
gameplay I didn't purposely look for a
time that they were bad I didn't
purposely rewind or fast-forward to when
they were bad all I did was just random
look Len already got taken out of the
game in like two minutes
trash I literally just recorded random
part and there you have it Knight and
land costing us the game Booker and
Bledsoe the only reason we've been
anything this year ok Booker 4 seconds
left
Oh turning the speed on old Booker over
porzingis oh oh and the flag okay be
booked he turned on the Jets right there
in two seconds that was good deed by
porzingis - I don't get how Booker got
that up look who's that
and just in time for the end of the game
the sun's game how was your dinner with
Mama
you're always Humpty Dumpty just the
head though I know my naughty little
body thanks for the message massage
you're very welcome
go signs let's close this game out baby
guys Brandon Knight just air-balled
another floater so that's two times in
the same game where he airball the
fucking laughs if he's still in the game
and we're watching more about slots to
the son's game i sweared that all we do
just watch basketball I know Jackie so
nervous this game is so good
Kauai on LeBron coatl guys you know
Kawhi Leonard literally went to school
like 20 minutes up the street he went to
school at San Diego State that's I swear
to you like actually 15 minutes from our
house just the crazy fun fact of the day
is that all we do we literally just be
chill we watch basketball play
basketball or I should say I play
basketball you should sell you could be
our starting point guards that I can't
cuz you don't want any be Cornelius
excuse yeah yeah I want you to post me
up and back you down like this I want
you to call for the ball so here here
and then back me down in the post I'll
let you post and like this I just
finished editing my Phoenix Suns
reaction to the sons and Knicks game so
that's going up in about 13 minutes it
says I guess it was a double upload day
for me okay go and do it to the head do
the west for gun things like in the
pocket ha ha and someone tell me why
Patty Mills looks exactly like the
weekend Patty Mills
yeah Patty Mills is the weekend twin
elite day twice a robot robots huh Rama
say it one more time nothing guys you
can't say robot yeah I do
I say robot robot Rover
okay guys so we're ending this vlog how
it started it started with us in bed
together and it's ending with us in bed
together except in the morning we were
half naked well actually now we're half
naked to put it so god I hope you did
enjoy this video I haven't just picked
the camera up and flogged a normal day
in so long a lot of my past videos have
been you know basketball videos
challenges I miss logging I haven't just
picked the camera up and vlog my day in
like a week so I missed it I'm glad I
was able to do that for you guys I hope
you enjoyed this video today was really
really fun I enjoyed spending most of
the day with my girlfriend because like
I said I've been so busy with working on
videos and just filming and editing
recently we don't have that much time to
spend together and even when we're
together I'm kind of like on my last
mission no I'm not asking you I'm doing
my work so even when we are together I'm
spending a lot of time editing and
filming so today was kind of chill
because spend time together I got my
video done very early so that was nice
we got to go out to breakfast how was
your time set with your mom it's getting
pretty late but we still have a lot of
time to spend together so I think for
the rest of the night I'm going to end
the video shut the camera off put it
away and spend the rest of my night with
my girlfriend
we got the house to ourselves my mom and
dad are out together Brian's out so I
mean so anyway guys thank you so much
for watching kind of a raw natural vlog
today I hope you enjoyed this video drop
a like if you guys did enjoy shout out
mash that like match that like button
like I'm about to smash Bosley's dog
food so he could eat it into it easier
to shout out for the Suns winning their
game today and I love you guys thank you
so much for taking the time out of your
day to watch this video and I hope you
guys enjoyed peace peace out oh yeah
yeah yeah and shout out Taylor Swift and
Katy Perry no just Genesis why not get
it very many cry at the Superbowl why
cuz she was singing so beautiful sorry
this is our type of relationship you can
call us old you could call couch
potatoes fucking I don't know those
fatties boring whatever you want to call
it but where the time to just stay in
and that it was great to finally have a
day where I got my video done early and
it will just spent me and her as you
guys could probably find my hair to
Medellin yeah it looks beautiful it
looks hot I told her I like this better
than the dark the dark wasn't ugly
obviously but this is so much hotter it
smells like it was sweaty from earlier
why I'm loving this hair actually but I
think the highlights looks super sexy
that's my favorite I like it I swear
there's my favorite here the highlights
it goes well with your skin
