look who's back and just in time for the
end of the game the sun's game there's
actually such a close game guys I know
I'm stressed out of the block go sides
let's close this game out baby guys
Brandon I just air-balled
another floater so that's two times in
the same game where he air ball the
fucking layup is he still in the game
okay guys so the Suns are down by five
with three minutes left in the quarter
this quarter has been so trashed for the
Sun we started the quarter with ninety
so we've only scored eight points
this whole quarter we won't scored eight
points blech oh please shoot the ball
more please other than our old K Tucker
with the tip I haven't done a son's
reaction in such a long time but there's
a super close game and a bunch of Knicks
fans I guess watch my video so they were
all telling me on Twitter to your
reaction so I know this is late to start
a reaction but here it is
nope zero no pudding is oh no no no okay
thumbs ball down by three let's go just
take it to the my god wrong baker's
fucking defense
okay Booker take me to the hole oh yes
oh my gosh Booker would hands in his
face but go 92 to 93 oh my god oh shit
Tyson Chandler important oh shit what's
going on there okay I don't know what
that was about so I'm not even gonna say
anything about it till I find out but
Suns are down by one a little over two
minutes left okay now that is a timeout
let me tell you my thoughts on this game
because I started this reaction really
late but I've been watching the whole
game oh wait
Oh porzingis went up to tyson first the
nerve the nerve of porzingis oh my god
damn okay I know everyone 5 to 10
seconds
hey guys so let me give you my thoughts
still on the gate dare clothes you
literally like if you only watch this
game you would think that he's playing
in Chicago on his MVP days he's going
crazy today of course in exercise Melo
is playing like he's in his prime in
Denver he has like 30-something points
and also a couple of rebounds also a
couple of minutes fucking Joakim Noah is
playing like when he was in Chicago when
he was a fucking MVP candidate yeah I
don't know what 20 rebounds watch let me
check and then Courtney Lee so
accordingly was scared to shoot the
three against Washington but today he
keeps knocking down three so the Knicks
are keep playing a good game the Thunder
playing a decent game let me see Noah
has 16 rebounds only 20 minutes
do you know how crazy that is 16 that's
almost a rebound the mini Rose has 24
Carmelo 31 I don't know at least the
sun's are kind of containing porzingis
the only has 14 for the sun's so Bledsoe
has 23 Booker has 21 rope let's go and
Booker have been carrying us all season
every single game we've won you could
look up the Blitz on Booker and say
thank you because they've been so good
for us this season marques Chris is
having a good game 15 points and five
rebounds Brandon is 5 for 12 from the
field and he's able to layups I swear on
my life Brendan I had air ball to Lance
just this game Alex Len trash he's oh
for 3 from the field and Alex Leonard
missed two dunks think about that
Alex landed seven feet 187 foot one any
bullshit back on he's 7 foot 118 inches
dunks and Brandon Knight has air ball to
layups ok let me get this better fuel to
be ok what did I say about Rose playing
like he wasn't Chicago you fucking know
Rose explained so fucking this okay so
the Sunday down by three there's two
minutes left I'm trying to get a bit of
you like me I know why does it hurt
always off the plane cocaine let's go
over porzingis no foul foul foul foul
okay guys when people ask me like when
I'm going to die and I say like when I'm
30 or 40 instead of 70 or 80 it's
because of the
it's so much stress every game Booker
just go o boquer√≥n porzingis to
upcoming stars why would you take 14
oh they call it foul Booker this is
where Booker needs to be smarter you
cannot take towards ingots to the rim
but he's one of the best shot blockers
in the whole league Jeff hornacek I
missed it
I know my dad says Jeff hold a sec
anyways Booker needs to come up close
with these three codes we need these two
first one splash thank you book oh my
gosh if only the sun's had a third star
net before the sun's out a third star
next to Bledsoe and Booker that would be
so amazing
who knows maybe one day Marquis Chris or
bender can be that guy maybe TJ Warren
yeah I like TJ - okay we'll just for the
love of God someone stop DeRose no no oh
finally he misses go blessed I'll just
attach this attack Tucker why Tucker
Tucker you motherfuck
holy shit why can't we finish a simple
fast break it's a fast way to take the
fucking lead Oh for the love of God not
Ron Baker shit of all people imagine Ron
Baker beats us at least my dad's name is
Ron okay for the love of God score here
sons one bucket we don't need a three
just a hooker yeah fuck it yet Oh will
you shout out Devin Booker let's fucking
go give you seed Booker yeah what Devin
Booker hit us Brian you didn't see the
Suns are down one with 30 seconds and
Booker hits a three yes holy shit the
clutch gene go Devin Booker
okay morning work yeah in New York 30
seconds left Sun's up I hope you didn't
see that shot guy Booker
cold-blooded I'm sorry I love Devin
Booker and you wonder why we couldn't do
shit all quarter and then Booker saved
us okay now the sons need to stop let's
not get ahead of ourselves
I know I'm excited oh and then Booker
has a stance like this while walking
back but now we need a stop we can't get
too excited the sons are up by two with
30 seconds hats off to the Knicks they
play really good this game I guess all
their players decided to have a career
game against the Sun even heard
umbrellas eNOS no yeah so I think this
is only one who were kind of Kundalini
you have a rose focused by Noah 16
rebound was was on melot melot has like
31 points please one stop son don't let
don't let Melo touch the ball please
mellows to clutch people forget mellows
one of a clutch is forwards in the week
no no oh oh let's go defense
okay how they gonna sour no no so the
sons have the ball working for second
differential score here wins the game up
score wins the game Booker you take this
fucking shot joy what I'm so good and
Booker scores are an old taxes ball
Booker you take this shot this is your
game looker oh it's the air ball
what's the air ball might help causing
it affects the game no no no no no no no
shit
laughing was over time
damn Bledsoe with the block but then we
couldn't score bulk this is what that's
what poor thing is does Volker had a
good look and the poor thing has comes
out of nowhere with his long as arms and
that's why poor thing this is going to
be so good in the sleeve okay sons look
you're up by two with six seconds left
don't beat up the threes just don't give
up a three-pointer
if you give up a to whatever if you get
a stop that's even better but don't give
up a three
look I'm literally shaking dammit
porzingis see even though pointing this
at scoring the ball he's still affecting
the game with his defense okay it's not
looking focus when I said just no threes
just get up dog wait stop I'm so scared
just get one stop okay Tucker play him
oh no he's gonna go for three he's gone
for three he's going for three let that
come out actually with that windy look
out that I want to be you put family
over everything you like mellow be : and
I said Shawn wait you have so quick
literally a second yeah the best don't
wait hold on again how did that shall
come out mellow they did not that you
know I in whose side are you on
no I just feel that for Carmelo buy
yourself a mixture as he might as well
wait look at look at this shot guys out
such as probably thought it was good I
know
oh shit no that was that was 99% down
how did he punch more had to be turned
other punches the guy behind him
yeah that look at yeah that was 99
percent in you know what mindset Brian
said oh I wish that went in lookouts at
Carmelo is the game with riot imagine
how sad I would have been if it wedding
ever
Carmelo like actually mine wouldn't have
even been sad I'll just passed out with
a heart attack
okay guys what how does that come out
God the basketball gods were in the Sun
favor because that was a good shot by
Mel oh wait I need to tweet people are
going to think I'm not even watching the
game okay guys I'll give you my analysis
and then I'll end this video wow how did
that come out basketball gods and Sun
saver damn the sun's actually swept the
Knicks how did this son team sweep
anybody okay so let me give you my
analysis flying news video so first of
all with one sorry guys I'm too excited
Suns winning the Phoenix Suns win so
it's going good nice always a good time
on the Sun win but first off let me get
my hat's off to the neck they played a
good game
Carmelo if you're watching this I know
you're not but still I don't know how
the hell that Shawn came out that was a
good shot wide open look and it
literally went 99% down he had a good
game d-rose obvious I gave my props to
him he played like his MVP days in
Chicago Joe can go grab all those
fucking rebounds poor thing is even
though if you see this is why I hate
people who just look at the stats
I hate statue watchers if you just look
out for dunya stats you would be like oh
whatever you had a bad game but if you
actually watch the game porzingis
effectives a game in so many ways just
him standing under the rim like this
affects the game and that's why when
people say oh what do you mean declared
bad look at his stats or oh this players
good look at his desk I don't buy into
that I'd rather watch the game
so porzingis had a good game courtney
lee knocked down some threes running
Goleman's have a good game but the Sun
the Sun came out victorious the sun's
I've actually been playing better as a
plate they started the season really
really bad and right now obviously
they're not a good basketball team
they're not going to make the playoffs
but let's not take away they've actually
been playing really good recently over
the past couple weeks they beat Toronto
they beat the Spurs
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
headphone users I feel bad for you so I
got Booker had 26 Booker has been on a
row any shot almost fifty percent from
the field so that's good
Bledsoe ten percent from the free-throw
line yet twenty three points five
rebounds 7 assists Tyson Chandler with
16 rebounds this was a good game at the
Sun say I'm happy babe your thoughts on
the game you're not waiting where do you
think you're going come here ok so give
us your thoughts and then you're free to
go
Caitlin wow what a good amount so much
so what higher not you know I get scared
to say anything after a win or a loss
because like he's just too crazy like
looking in hey I gave my spot to the
Knicks game engine wait until the plane
is that I'm not being also CEO for
today's bah-bah-bah no I'm giving props
I'm being respectful to end this video
this might not be too respectful but I
don't care grand a night Brandon I get
off the team the trade deadline is one
month away the Suns need to trade
Brandon night and same with Alex lands
they need to get rid of both those
players they do nothing good for the
team they've hurt the team they hurt
this team if Brandon and Alex Len are
still on the team by February 23rd which
is the trade deadline I don't know what
I'll do dick heart would stop pumping I
don't know what I would do so please
wear low godson's ship them out give
them to whoever the hell wants them hope
you guys enjoyed this video
Phoenix on win I'm happy Devin Booker
clutch 3 he wanted this fucking game
blood so clutch gained 23 points 5
rebounds 7 assists that's a really
really good stat line I'm out of breath
what a good game so yes I decided to
post it video on the main channel is
because there are so many Knicks fans I
wanted to see this video and I'm afraid
a lot of them wouldn't eat on my NBA
Channel and a lot of people are saying
bro why don't you put these types of
videos on your NBA Channel I think I'd
rather have my Phoenix Suns reactions
like live reactions to the game like
this one on my main channel and i'll
save my mba channels for like talking
for
sitting down and you know giving
opinions and debates and just all those
news I think that's what my NBA channel
should be and then my matron obviously
should include the reactions cuz that's
not really professional my MBA channels
more professional and then my main
channels just for fun you know
entertainment and I feel like these live
reactions where I go crazy go berserk
when the sons win or lose is more
entertaining for other people to watch
than it is on my NBA otherwise sit down
and debate and talk about news and facts
and statistics and all that so I hope
you guys did enjoy this video drop the
like if you were happy to see the sons
win and if you're a Knicks fan and you
didn't want to see the sons win I guess
drop a like because a loss for you guys
you guys still have your first-round
pick so closer to that number one pick
this year so either way if you guys like
this video drop a like let me know what
you guys think and thank you so much for
watching the washcloth I'm so stupid
look at the difference of its the sons
water losses but sons lien I'm all like
this I love you guys haha and if they do
don't like this oh thank you so much for
watching guys you know I hope you
enjoyed this video but they want so
thank you so much for watching this
video guys I love each and every single
one of you guys
