what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka April waters now before everybody
gets into it I know I'm wearing this
Jersey backwards because Jackie bought
me this Jersey when we first started
dating so she didn't know my size too
well so it's a little big if I wear from
the front the thing goes all the way
down here the collar so I wear it
backwards but anyways cuz Jersey's
beautiful eric bledsoe I fucking love
this Jersey the reason I'm wearing this
Jersey today because the Phoenix Suns
actually had a game yesterday and they
wore these kind of jerseys so I decided
you know let me just wear for that the
sun's actually lost that game sadly they
were up up up they were leading with a
minute left and then you guys know the
story but uh the Utah Jazz aren't a bad
team they lost to Utah each other
actually really underrated this year
anyways I'm talking too much so for
today's video we are going to be playing
deep I guess the Internet's most
impossible quiz so someone talking on
this on Facebook don't ask me why the
hell up on Facebook I just get bored and
I don't know Facebook is like my last
option
snapchat Twitter of here then it's
Instagram Facebook comes like 300
fucking levels below but I'm just like
whatever on board so someone link this
to me and they're like oh there's going
to be a good video idea so there okay
let me try it the reason I don't have a
blog up today because you know I was
trying to vlog yesterday but my mind was
just set on one thing if you got to ask
me what my mind was set on tonight's
game tonight's basketball game because
every Tuesday me and my brother claimed
this basketball league tonight's game is
against my former team it's against my
old team so I kept trying as long guest
today but the only thing I can think of
with playing tonight's game I'm so I
just want to go do it right now I'm so I
just want to go do it right now I'm so I
just want to go do it right now I'm so
excited I'm so anxious to get out on
that court and just get a victory
against my old team I love all those
guys don't get me wrong but this is
basketball I want to wait wait I look so
fucking stupid sure like this but
anyways yeah so I couldn't even blog
because I was just thinking about the
game tonight it's on it's on five more
hours and it's on so I can't wait
without further ado let's play the
Internet's most impossible quiz okay so
first off for starters
this for sure looks like a virus website
so I don't know why money but if any of
you guys want to try this out I don't
recommend it it just looks like the
websites that give you a computer virus
but candy impossible quiz net begin
start okay so three live so I guess the
game ends obviously when you lose your
life how many holes in a polo what I
mean if you got hold of your polo it
might be time to buy a new shirt that's
not fresh now I'm just joking I don't
know how many holes in a polo is there
hands
there's no fucking hands in this game ok
well the other lucky gifts can a match
box no but a tin can
ok those are two guesses I'm not good at
this I just guessed ok this is easy it
starts from the bottom up answer this
questions backwards ok backwards ok this
isn't even hard how is it impossible
click the answer
ok well all of these are the fucking
same unless they're trying to trick me
here
try to get me here huh click the answer
and look what happens when you go over
the answer it lights up click OK 4 out
of 4 put the mouse here now don't touch
the blue come on any kid who grew up
playing computer games now I don't know
if it's going to work on this quiz
because it is the impossible quiz just
like it's impossible for the sons to win
a damn game
don't touch the blue anybody who grew up
playing computer games knows this trick
click on the mouse oh it works and just
drag it across it works
I swear growing up playing computer
games that was the best trick ever um
the square root of 69 a day some right
because I'm trying well you know uh now
the square root of onion why do I think
I'm Drake I wish I'll take us where
jealous guys I'm six for six
don't ask me out because pretty much
everything was a guess but the answer is
really big
oh that's we're guessing goes wrong an
elephant okay so I lost one life that
was my first life loss guys I really
feel like my computer going to explode
this looks like such a virus website
search oh okay so keep looking
maybe there's the answer
oh wait it said no maybe not sad face
something popped up right here do not
want okay so where the hell keep looking
where the hell is the answer Yoda okay
there's a bunch of X's here xxx
my favorite site no chance
oh that was easy what was the answer to
question two why okay this is just not
fair they could at least gave a warning
on question two saying yo remember this
answer or something but I guess it
wouldn't have been the impossible quiz
then okay what was question two
question - what was that - shout out
eric bledsoe no Barilla I have to get on
this one I don't know
fuck me I have one more life oh my god
buddy huge food ah they tricked me I
thought it was like you know what is
that click the answer and it lit up so I
thought when it's a choose food the food
would've lit up okay well I mean you
can't eat a pen you can't eat a chair
eating a hand I mean that makes sense
cause Jackie sucks my finger is like you
know like this morning earlier but you
know we're like we're just getting down
earlier but I mean I don't think that's
food though that's just like a snack
when she's feeling kinky or something I
don't know if that's whatever no I
fucking lost
so what food does it give you the answer
wow it doesn't even give you the answer
after ok I'm going to try this one more
time hold on okay how many holes in a
polo four also this was question - I'll
remember that
and so the duck word click answer put
the mouse here fuck you next question
onions shallots the answer is really big
elephant search for the prostitute and
she is oh my god did they change the
location oh no right here the answer is
this what oh my god I fucking fuck this
game ok choose the food there has to be
something hidden
I don't trust Oh
the food is the mouse I don't know what
follows December 2nd okay now there's a
tricky one
it's either December 3rd or a question
mark and with the way this quick I've
been going trying to trick me and throw
out all these fucking weird answers I'm
going to question marks oh my hey what
do you mean okay see what happens when I
try to be a smartass oh well because we
have two possible answers know that
impossible is beating my ass ok I'm
going back
- wait click the answer put them out
here
da da da 7 dubbed Aires way on Ellis and
search here that one this one okay so
what Falls December 2nd and and how does
that make sense whatever element I look
like all the rise okay
click the smallest okay here's another
trick so I could either be this one or
it could be the one on the I I'm gonna
go yes what sound does a bell make
looped God look this last one right here
have you guys seen that Orlando Hudson
video on Twitter where he says what he
did to a that's so raven is this what he
said booby blah blah okay just right now
and click that all cells wrong what
sound does a bell make i don't know
let's ask the Undertaker did Kane okay
what can you put in a bucket to make it
lighter canned laughter a hole
fuck me one life now gypsies like why
would I click that why the hell that's
what I watch too much Borat all he
talked about gypsies okay I'm gonna try
this one last time guys one more wait
this is super hard but it's actually
addicting for tin cans okay the answer
da-da-da-da-da shellack elephant
prostitute this one that one and however
the hell that make sense the I staying
not thrown into Hudson sounds and now
okay so wasn't oh God what the hell's
day
okay it says sorry no skipping when we
were allowed to skip one where we were a
lot to skip this or wait what okay
whatever nay whiny how does this mix and
could you at least give me real
questions listen I didn't graduate high
school for this I'm not in college for
all this
ah thinking about our classes start
swimming sadly but why yo I'm gonna get
this wrong and you can't skip this Oh
horse oh my god Lord yo I just pressed H
like just for fun I just get wow okay
well that was pure luck I'm not going to
lie
one is the seventh letter of the
alphabet abcdefg okay now here's where
like I feel like this is too easy for
question 16 of them of the Internet's
most impossible quiz I feel like there's
a trick to this so common sense would
say G right but what is the seventh
letter of the alphabet let's see if they
mean one two three four five six seven
okay there is an H here I was hoping it
would not be there so now it's either a
chore G and I only have one more life
I'm above age Oh
24 minus 7 equals what's up oh oh my god
God Wow 1721 okay dog what does this
mean skips do these arrows meet skip wow
I had so many kids that I didn't know
about oh my god I sounded like Jack in
an argument you did that guys that is
literally Jackie I'm just okay she
doesn't argue but if she did she'd be
like it that would be Jackie was oh my
god I can imagine her clapping and
snapping both like imagine
like that I don't know who the fuck you
think I am
that's Jackie for you but anyways okay
well well I only have one more life so
I'm gonna be a pussy and skip this one
oh wait I don't have any more skips
color in the correct order
how am I supposed to know I was learned
I always learn numbers don't order one
two three four five six the alphabet
goes in order
ABCD efg but what color is going ordered
maybe it's based off the rainbow God
before being honest I don't know how the
rainbow goes from up and down color wise
home just rosy a little fuck me fuck me
okay I know I said last time was the
last ride but this is really the last
choice that's way too addicting for know
but if you can okay answer got the fuck
out one of these wrong wall going back
to where I was I'll be so pissed
just swoon the mouth shoddy would that
mouth do and I still don't know how that
makes sense
staying um fuck oh yeah torch horse aka
hordes this one I got really hold on too
much to kick am i stupid
am i fuck I just call myself a live
doing because I was going too fast
okay now I'm depressed 17 skip oh I
should have skipped this one well am i
stupid guys I'm the dumbest no hold on
sorry guys sorry for being so damn dumb
I'm not skip that painting one because I
don't know how to do it again if you
guys plan on playing this I don't
recommend you to because this website
looks really like it's going to make
your computer crash so okay h o r s e
17 okay what do you mean stop can you uh
excuse me teacher I don't want to be
rude without a question um yeah so on
number 18 of the fucking test it says
stop can you please explain that more
because that makes no sense
she's branding you're disrupting the
class okay fine great it wasn't a
fucking dick it wasn't a banana no hold
on okay there's my laptop I promise
put mouse on here shout out Allison
search for the damn yes Ted that one
this one and that one she won the q1 on
but that one huh okay holy shit I can't
wait for tonight for the game let's go
guys but everyone was tweeting me
earlier they were like oh you better
beat your team they were so bad last
year but when I left the team they added
four new players they got 400 letters on
the team so they're not as bad as they
were last year okay what is this the
damn hammer
okay I'm skipping this ah fuck you okay
Deal or No Deal we need Howie Mandel the
shit shoutout um deal No Deal
are you fucking kidding we're to steal
come into play okay oh and iron this kid
watch carefully
look quick eyes quick eyes right there
okay the choice is yours plus one life
who the fuck invented that question what
the hell is this
it says the choice is yours plus one
life I said yes and it took away life
this is some sort of saw jigsaw game you
know what no I can't do this anymore
okay actually I'm not going laughter
this video ends up probably in a plate a
million times
you know what luckily one more time one
last time
sorry guys if you're getting bored I'm
sorry but this is so addicting there's
my last time playing it I swear
I just want to get past that one
elephant yeah oh yeah okay earn the skip
which I'm going to skip the painting
click the smallest torch fucking whores
oh that rhymed maybe I am the next
coming of Drake 17 the hammerhead shark
would skip this motherfucker sealed
watch carefully Thanks II met to watch
okay so I guess five press minus one
life why the hell +1 skip I didn't get a
skip save changes to untitled Brad for
Brandon let's do that for good luck oh I
got it right okay what
what does this say lick ankles oh this
is vide from drinking short okay and I
can't skip this shit wait what
I don't get it why so surprised
wait you know this makes no sense
certainty teacher fuck you okay so I
can't skip you but I can't click
anything
you know I don't understand this and you
can't skip it okay this is going to be
the end of this quiz honestly and what a
surprise it's on number 24 that's so
ironic cuz I'm a son Stan and Kobe
fucking killed the sons one year in the
playoffs so of course number 24 whatever
guys I'm over this game huh yo this quiz
was I don't know if it was in puzzle but
it was weird it was really really weird
I don't know I don't know but it was
addicting I promise you that it was for
sure a really really frustrating quiz
like a million times I want to take my
phone and just throw it on my laptop
what's today Tuesday I hope everybody
watching is having an amazing Tuesday I
hope you guys are having a really really
good day
I tweeted earlier on Twitter today I was
just just randomly tweeting and I
started thinking about it thank you to
anybody who has ever taken the time out
of their day to watch my videos it means
a lot to me I fucking love you guys so
much you guys are my life you guys know
the reason I'm so happy I love you guys
all
anyways I can't wait for tonight I can't
wait oh my god you guys know me as a
competitor this is a game I've been
waiting for I've been waiting and
waiting and waiting anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
apologize there was this vlog I told you
I wanted to vlog yesterday but I'll just
to to in the zone I'm probably gonna go
play some basketball right now before my
game starts just cuz I'm too eager
nonetheless time to edit this video
thank you guys so much for watching and
once again for the last time I love you
guys so much peace out guys
