hey where did we just eat at Korean
barbeque nigga Bobby tell for my
brethren bringing brisket baking mo
burnt off
so we came to the mall but we realized
we all smell nasty so we're in the store
right now trying to find the Cologne so
we could spray ourselves means we have
to put Cologne we'd have time to go home
so yeah hey guys sorry about the smell
okay thank you so much so bad fire right
when we got to the Cologne why couldn't
she ask five seconds later Hey look what
are they looking okay okay okay okay
they're looking they're leaving yeah
thank you
wait you have a quick question how much
it was for that bigger bottle and it's
got caught so now he's acting like he's
looking good buy something yeah are you
getting it Dennis oh I think they have a
rules you sprayed two times you have to
buy the bottle bro then it's passed by
like 50 bottles
wait junior for your birthday gift how
about oh wait are you too old wait how
old are you like 9:15 oh my gosh you're
growing up so fast I thought I was gonna
come here and buy junior like a freakin
Lego say our play-doh 15 years old God
knows what 15 year-olds nowadays want
browsers account okay you're 15 I don't
know how a time slot but what a 15 year
olds want
that's wall shoes I respect that there
isn't nothing anything that has to do is
basketball yo guys we just met a huge
fan Roberto hey you're lucky but we just
sprayed Cologne we met other fans
downstairs
you're lucky you're lucky if you love
you guys my chef is Ross Skrudland thank
you thank you thank you Oh Junior making
his selections of kairi's did I teach
you better when you were growing up who
did I tell you we're supposed to like
now growing up I don't Steve Nash Amar'e
Stoudemire
yeah I do have carries carries are comfy
to playing yeah either one is nice what
you know what size are you oh my god I
remember what you do Jenny was like a
size two it's so crazy junior like I
remember when you were younger I should
change your diaper and like frickin I
don't know did I don't know did I ever
do that um no oh really what I used to
call you annoying a lot none of that so
you used to call me knowing how about
now that I'm here buying you basketball
shoes for your birthday you're annoying
watch we haven't bought them yet Oh sir
can you not bring them out actually I
remember last year junior would fit into
like these and now he's freaking one
year later he's buying sizes from you oh
I hate you if you're in kid size how
that got such a big discount wait you
know you should I never change your
diapers I think I'm just trying to act
like that one good like babysitter like
his favorite cousin that I never was so
all the years of me trying to get Janine
to be a son's fan all the years of me
trying to brainwash him and get him to
like Phoenix Suns players I'm just gonna
pretend that says Devin Booker yeah
that's true Devin Booker had a PE but he
doesn't have its own shoe line next year
next year 100% but wait who's your
favorite baseball team just so I know
before I buy those shoes okay yeah for
sure
and once I buy those he's changing his
answer hey all this basketball talk I
hope you're ready cuz we got to go play
right after now all these basketball
talk is making me in the mood to play
let's go you said I know he's become an
official
okay no kiss kids kids kids kids there's
no chief no no come on let's most write
a big deal I've done it I came in before
there we go another vacuum something wet
one listen I'm not a cheater
okay I'm not a cheater but it's time to
cheat on Bosley at the dog store do you
want to if you're good if you're good in
the pet store you can play after if
you're really good ten minutes now guys
I don't condone any form of cheating but
sometimes I do tend to cheat on my dog
so yeah
before cheating on Bosley this makes it
so it's okay you're bad like the bad
that you guys is done so cute
I thought only bother kissed me can you
ever get the camera more time please so
once of my life and seeing a hyper dog
yes no no no no no no listen I haven't
got me puzzled and he's a boy you're a
girl however I think the age difference
is gonna be a problem but oh just take
it oh my god exactly
now look just take my pig go it's more
comfy like this anyway
okay can I get down are gonna buy my
toes okay now I know how to do they're
like 100 States and you have to try this
okay hey I just wanted to say like isn't
it crazy how dogs are so like innocent
little do they know right now we're here
filming I just bought my cousin's shoes
but it's his birthday like they're so
like clueless living life is just eat
sleep and play like you don't look I'm
Brandon right now I'm filming I need to
film videos that's and it's pulling the
cameras and like see the doctors doesn't
care like it's a crazy dog they're so
innocent you know what I mean
and what I'm a teacher teaching kids
about dogs sure sure you're making
describe so what did you learn about
this lesson with dogs or anything that
is anything I love dogs I swear Lucas my
dream zero kids 402 dogs in my whole
like the dog doesn't know like no dogs
know that there is someone except for
Basel II Basel II knows but there's
someone named Devin Booker and he scored
70 points in one game like like dogs
don't know this they're just sitting the
Kate hello Samantha how are you was I
good enough to go there now
I didn't do anything man I'm gonna scare
the cave bro
okay well face so I can have flames in
the toy yeah I think you're gonna scare
the kids too much what about a half of
your face okay fine you can go you
already you were into it might as well
just set up a me angry right here
hey Benny we promised my mom that every
day my dad and Brian are in Dubai that
we'll spend the night over her house
just because that's my mom she doesn't
like to be alone and I don't want her to
spend nights over there alone and get
scary and lonely so okay the real reason
is not because my mom's lonely the real
reason is I feel bad for Basel you know
I just committed such harsh form of
cheating you're gonna smell you 100%
like change my clothes take a shower
should we go all be back home first no
don't they have like a man-made lake
somewhere here no I'm gonna jump in no
guys I feel bad for ballsy I gotta go
you know apologize I gotta go do my
confession see if he accepts my apology
and then we're gonna spend the night
with me montre save me Martha de meme
Anthony we bothered hey you're good eyes
say it again can you say it imagining
CJ's I'm I drew a name
yeah what's my rank what grade did you
have in Spanish in here I never took
okay that's why oh my gosh I'm walking I
see Bosley outside I'm scared to look
him in the eyes I feel so much guilt
he's right there I don't know what to
tell him Bosley please don't look me in
the eyes oh my god she knows he knows
100% it was Junior
it was junior not me hey Bosley oh my
gosh she's gonna smell me oh my god
Jackie's here Bosley okay he's going
crazy
wait jack is here okay look puzzle this
is the type of love I've wanted from you
ever since we had you I just saw Jackie
I had no idea Jackie was here I think my
mom just set me up well it's always good
to see Jackie I miss you I miss you too
I haven't seen you in like 8 hours I
know you know what I love this you're
not gonna love when you know how much it
was
call me and see my home I knew you were
coming over left before you came you
wouldn't I'm here with my mom and Jackie
I thought that the most Awkward bloke on
earth but uh yeah oh yeah I got Jackie
posted an Instagram picture and she was
eating a salad and her captain was like
2018 Jackie only eats healthy but
yesterday my mom sent me a picture of
her eating a burrito with Jackie so I
exposed you okay so what kind of gossip
goes on during these hangout sessions
there was already gossip going on when
me and Jackie were dating and she's
hanging out my mom imagine now yeah
right you think I'm dumb Bosley you
forgive me or no let's let's turn the
focus on Jackie get mad at Jackie not me
buzz Lee
okay Bosley I was with another dog
forgive me I don't want any more
punishment I know I cheated so bad with
two dogs not one no no we're good so a
bunch of people are gonna be confused
oh why Jackie here that's weird that's
creepy I'm explaining so first of all I
didn't know Jackie was gonna be here I
just watched it and I saw Jackie but
it's always a good thing when I see
Jackie but another thing and what a lot
of people don't know is that my mom
still has a really really really close
friendship and a close relationship I
know they hang out all the time I know
they talk about me all the time
when when me and Jackie broke up I told
her and I told my mom I said that
shouldn't affect you guys's relationship
so they still hate you even if you
didn't tell me I wouldn't you know hey
microwave no Barnabas my legs are tired
video no they don't watch my videos I
know okay so what do you say for HOA
I'm sorry or what mom you're making
how about you I supposed to okay what
did she say hey go back and say what you
said no pressure except the whole world
and the whole HOA watching okay so that
means I can still talk about him
which what I was gonna do anyway but we
wait mom
jack is always here I know what I
couldn't get a warning okay
come on oh do you forgive me oh I don't
know if that means he forgave me or that
means he's punishing me because his
breath smells like fish I don't know if
that's a frickin punish me like oh you
want to play with another dog here's my
fish breath look at Bosley licking the
air what are you doing bro
does the air taste that good if the air
tastes that good I'm gonna stop spending
money on food and just start eating the
air who do you think is gonna get closer
honestly I'm no bias or anything I think
my mom's gonna get closer than Jackie is
No Oh like I said Devin Booker trait
think about it my mom gave birth to me
I've never played Oh oh my goodness
damn they both made it and they both
made it and I missed I think they took
my basketball power oh well that's what
you guys were doing when you were
hanging out you guys were putting spells
on me they did like a voodoo like they
did a spell where they took my
basketball ability and they took it for
themselves
go keep talking keep talking
like I'm not standing right here hey
Dennis hey Dennis no no 0 to 10 oh my
god this is why Brandi aids in the
hospital so much how it's literally just
a past Yoga is to close out this video I
just wanted to say that me and my mom
have been seeing Brian and my dad
snapchat and Instagram post and I just
want to say it looks like they're having
so much fun over there and Dubai so I'm
really really happy for both of them I
said this in another video but I'll say
it again
Brian I'm happy for him but Brian always
gets to do fun stuff my dad is the one
who liked he loves vacations he loves
stuff like this but he never really gets
a chance to do them so seeing my dad you
see how happy he was when I told him so
over there and Dubai he's meeting all
these fans and puzzle you want to go to
Dubai okay we'll go one day thank you so
much for watching today's birthday
oh wait because I was gonna say thank
you so much for watching today's video
happy birthday jr. oh he heard me I hope
he enjoys his shoes I got him some
basketball shoes you know thankfully he
loves basketball because of you guys mom
told me I swear member when I was like
younger and I said babies engineer I
used to force him to play and force him
to watch and now he loves basketball so
jr. you're welcome if you make it to the
NBA you know you got some tickets and
everything oh and if you make it to the
NBA and you play against Devin Booker
I'm gonna need you to lose Junior
lose and let Devin Booker win thank you
so much for watching today's video
please drop a like if you did enjoy
subscribe to this channel if you are new
and Jackie's gone now so Jackie by me
and Dennis are gonna spend the night
over here and we will see you happy in
the next video peace oh and guys before
closing this video officially I just
want to say that Bosley ended up
forgiving me he ended up not getting
that I pretty much just sat down and
talked with a man-to-man heart-to-heart
I said yo pause all these other dogs you
know I see them they might be cute and I
might you know pet them here and there
maybe give them a kiss but at the end of
the day those dogs are just you know
they're like one time or he's Bosley
knows he's always gonna be there for me
he knows that he's the one he's the one
for me all these other dogs they're just
you never ever find the right word just
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
