what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka April waters and today I'm here with
my beautiful brother
Phaedra's and today's video you guys
have all seen videos like this I'm sure
it's a huge trend going around YouTube
it is called the smash or pad now some
people do celebrity addition some people
do YouTube addition and today just me
and my brother are YouTube women we
might as well go for the freaking
youtuber is it might as well go for the
youtuber edition wait before we start
this video because I was already getting
killed on Twitter for all you sensitive
people saying
oMG bulan is cheats on jianchi OMG you
would cheat on Jackie no this is just a
game whoever I say smash to that does
not mean that I'm going to go smash yes
that does not mean that while me and
Jackie are dating I would smell that
okay me and the person I say smash are
in a room together and I am dating
Jackie I would not smash I don't cheat I
would not avoid Brian so I don't condone
cheating I'm not a cheater I've never
cheated I never will T so for all you
people know this is just a game it's all
for fun without further ado Brian are
you ready I'm ready I'm afraid I'm going
to take that to everyone yeah but Brian
literally his standards are like below
the camera fell down to hell come on
okay fine usually during the couple
edition where the girl chooses the boys
and the boys available we're both guys
at least I think them yeah we're both
guys so we're just going to eat the girl
the interruption yeah an interruption
change their thinking construction going
on outside so don't they know we're
trying to a smash or pass so first
person here natural woman okay okay I'm
Ally brian answer this one first let's
go pick two definitely smash yeah this
match
I came to laughable sniper whoops yeah I
was
okay okay you can't help you out like
you it taking so long or not long like
it it's so hard for you to fail you to
match the mother the jack I look at like
yeah it's not just oh she talks math no
I got okay next
jenna Marbles for me myself she's funny
she's an OG she's a legend on YouTube
but just not my type to smash that way I
don't think I would smash Jenna yeah I
like like her so much oh yeah exact like
I like her personality a lot why I think
I was mad like I would let her friends
own me well you can find only we can
hang out and yeah there's that mix Gina
Gina from prankvsprank
honestly same thing like I don't think I
would smash that's exactly what I was
going to say because I respect you so
much
okay take respect on the equation Brian
oh no I would just be your friend
that's what I'm saying I think very
funny we like her videos
I like watching there's a good person
but I think I'll pass
just not my time I like when you blog
yeah but now my time okay I all the
answers is go first Zoe burgers test I'm
a single is Pat no you won't you liar
what for Zoey burger but like she said
happy birthday to Brian I was dying yeah
but like Lebanon bitter riot what no I'm
just like look for me it I'm not one to
smashing other girls who have been like
like hop past let's just I would pass
the pad I mean I would pass brandon
won't Bennigan's leave me but I would
actually pass ya know I would pass to
know like no disrespect to Zoey burger
like she's looking right so she makes
she makes really really good video she
has a lot of talent and she has a good
personality like that and she has earned
all the subscribers by by her talent you
know she's very good but uh that's okay
this one just go ahead and history okay
weather girl yeah Annette Garcia Brian
this is bitches Brian's close friends
girlfriend for those who don't know
face-centered girlfriend
it ok the insides are like really good
friends and this is actually my semester
past video and I said smashed bowling
we're just being real here like I would
but like you already know our respect
freakin sensors yeah like how she
memories you know about it yet know
you've told me and I reckon I said I
respect that so much and I love you to
death but this video is just straight to
the point there's no background so I
know nothing so for me look I'm dating
it undated Jackie okay Hispanic Latinos
are thing Latinas that's my thing
so I would smash but of course with
centers concentric first out Colin I'd
be like yellow Center you know if it's
cool with you if he says no that yes
everything lit up but if he says smashed
and I'm not passing this up on the other
side on whatever next okay Britt break I
think position for me we're going to go
back to the same category as Jenna and
Gina yeah really nice person funny video
good personality I'll I love her yet
what you love Reba like just like you
would have the intimate say so no no no
no I went I wouldn't smash yeah me
neither I would pass on this just cuz
she's not my type but I would definitely
hang out with her row me out would all
really like I love their videos I
seriously watch all their video but I
wouldn't I would a - I'm sorry No and
also because we respect Roman okay next
hopefully I'm saying this name right
Naza mean kobbari smash I think yeah
this one isn't too hard I because mad so
on yeah she's not bad looking at home na
Bellavia Dan okay this one hold on if
she still a lot who knows what's
happened with her recently but marina
joy right let me answer this hill first
so I would pass first and foremost she's
a little crazy I feel like she's the
type where like if you just smash one
time she'll blow up your phone when I
take a so are we married are we getting
married I love you hello you flood me
now you have to marry me all this so I'm
gonna stay away from the crazy type
and I mean based off her videos that's
how she see him so and she would like
stare deep it like an hour pass yeah I
think I was passed for marina I think
we've said the same answer every single
time Lee yeah okay superwoman superwoman
Lily okay to me it really yeah I don't
know like she has that like the body's
like a freak
yeah I kind of like a freak oh my geez I
just think she's cute overall to me it
if this was a kiss or this maybe like a
kiss on the cheek yeah but I wouldn't
smash I would pass no offense I would
smash smash finally we got one different
yeah I was passionately no pencil I mean
she's superwoman I can't yeah but yeah I
would pass on that oh okay um Miranda
sings
you don't know super popular okay
Miranda sing how would you pick that
picture that's not you look it's like
her character oh really
Hakan perp in no sense though yeah
girlfriend she's actually really funny
super popular youtuber but I would pass
on that light halftime the red lipstick
looks mean like mad I feel like red
lipstick all over my body would take
days to get that oh it's too much red
lipstick right here's myself but ya know
out pass
okay next Oh Merle twins yelling sorry
yes threesome perhaps now that I'm in a
stable I have nothing against threesomes
honestly like threesomes are they're
cool I would love yeah but with twins I
just right now be kind of weird like
like you're smashing one and then you're
looking at the other you're like wait
aren't you don't want to like I don't
know know separately yeah they're cute
but to smash I don't I just want to
leave like one or the other or both
yeah no it could be kinky like oh I
smashed twins but I just like that's
kind of weird like I'd be like freaking
out like wait what the fuck would you
just hear you so we'll see I guess my
final answer if there's a threesome
Edition I would pass but a single mmm
smash but like hold on hold on I my
dollars look no because I have guys I
didn't tell you guys at the end of this
video I have specialty ones for Brian
alone
no just a couple so this one bethany
mota smash smash mash for me it yeah
like she's are the type of girls that I
like yeah he did Remi and Bryan
different I like the Hispanic latina you
know she is cutely what I mean aim
that's it bro you know I got my job no
for me guys I don't think she's ugly at
all that isn't yeah but this is a smash
or pad and this just isn't my type of
smash so I would pass on this one are
you kidding me hey we all have certain
time why the supporter he followed me
back guys Brian it's that you like it
that much just why the picture like it
we're good no guys to smash you gotta
have a certain type I'm not the type of
guy well maybe not illusion I'm not the
type of guy that anything was a damn
pussy I'll just mad yeah to me I have a
certain time and she's cute but I just
wanted smash was L was a little quicker
I was past I think I would smash this
for the experience like the green
lipstick and I know I'm just joking I
think I was pad she is like super bunny
or Sarah Collins will always be my
favorite freakin video with that China
Buddha shovel die okay guys so that
concludes the section for myself and my
brother now I have some specialty 100
carotid you would know about this you
didn't know about this so first and
foremost Brian we're going to start off
with st. Blaise Akane Brian we do not
surpass measure passed like people are
gonna think I'm like okay I guess I'm
answering this like you would smash why
you ask me the questions bring what's so
bad about hey okay
smash for that yeah okay next Brian now
this one could cause some controversy
right here now this one though by far
the most beautiful sexiest most amazing
girl and the freakiest to this girls how
do you know Brian this girl is the most
beautiful girl out of any of the girls
that we
in the video so far okay so are you
ready yes so I mean you see her every
day I was just a girl you probably hear
her every day when my doors closed
oh and we are gonna hit you with my
girlfriend Jackie
Jacqueline figure well why would you do
that to me my girlfriend Jackie
Jacqueline just kicked amelong yes
Jackie
Jacqueline figure well why would you do
that to me why we just got it at a game
you got an answer you know you have to
answer that part of the game so what's
your answer I mean just a game it just
for fun nothing really do you think I
think she's like honestly like beautiful
yup she is what is that you're getting
out
Deal or No Deal smash okay I mean
honestly out of respect to you I would
and I might not have a half but if you
guys weren't dating when I was Manish so
you would so so Hottentot the Jun
playing boss no because I know you're on
your dating but this game doesn't have
the Haggadah if she was single and like
walking the street I'd be like holy shit
you don't I mean but if it hey I'm just
joking guys why would I want my brother
to say no I want my brother to be money
really hard I was like blah Blee shit
okay and the last actually there's two
more will go first with this yes - yes
good I would snatch it cuz like his
voice yeah and the other that scares
here okay and the last one for this
video I'm answer this myself I would
fucking smash the shit oh man fuck fuck
way Bosley like oh my god II Kings I
don't know question so hard I named
Bobby yeah he has a bubble but it's like
random buh buh buh buh buh buh okay guys
so that concludes that concludes today
man
or past youtuber Edition and obviously
all the girls that I said smash - yes
master honestly they wouldn't even touch
the level of freaking in some aegyo
forgetting my my girlfriend would trump
all of them in terms of freaking ease in
terms of sexiness in terms of just help
you how beautiful how sex you got my
girlfriend is so it's all girls like
that smash to cool the my girlfriend's
on a whole other level I'm on a new
level um my girls about a new level
Jackie gonna die but yeah so smash okay
cool but to smash that like me and
Jackie that's like I'm sure Brian here
that I feel bad from but like it's all
good well you know what else he I need
to do smash that like button ah on the
right yeah eh like hey I got no one no
one in this video would touch the level
of freaking is set just and I'm willing
to bet my life on that I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
and wait before I close this video out
let me just tell them about tomorrow
guys tomorrow
in case you guys don't know every single
Tuesday me and my brother has a slogan
League games on and for those who don't
know tomorrow's games is against my old
team this is like I bet how long I've
been counting down since before the
season started I looked at the schedule
found the game this is fuckin KD goes
back to OKC this is looking LeBron going
back to Cleveland as a member of the
heat this is last season I played with
the team and this season I made my own
team so to 220 now I'm playing against
them you guys know as a competitor this
game is huge to me so we got them
tomorrow I can't lose this game I cannot
lose I've been waiting and waiting and
waiting for the same so for those who
are interested in my basketball vlogs my
next basketball game vlog is going to be
mean against my old team the Green Team
so by the way no hard feelings against
them I love each and every single one of
them but accessible and I'm going to win
that game so without further ado thank
you guys so much for watching this video
I hope you guys did enjoy drop a like
you guys would smash Brian and this I
sounds like violence is oh yes right 500
million who wouldn't smash
so peace out guys I hope you enjoy the
rest of your Monday P wait guys one last
thing Brian Arden welcome to I just want
to say this in case this video gets hate
like some people think oh that's so
disrespectful just talk about smashing
and passing other girls and like I said
in the beginning this applies to it now
too
it's just a game it's nothing was meant
to hurt anybody's feelings nothing was
meant to shame anybody nothing was meant
to disrespect anybody it's a simple game
now I understand that some people are
going to hate on it and oh you're so
disrespectful you have no respect but
that was not my intentions at all and I
highly doubt that was anybody's
intention for any youtuber who I've made
this video so I feel like I'm speaking
for all the youtubers this video is just
a game and was made with no disrespect
or shaming any of the girls that were
using this video if anybody took offense
to it I'm very very sorry I guess it
does come off as kind of disrespectful
but it's just a game so my apologies but
none of them was meant to be taken that
way
