you know what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka Broadus and today's
video is not going to be a blog
challenge praying basketball video it's
not even any of those types of videos
today's video I'm just going to be
speaking my mind on what I feel like
that my San Diego Chargers my hometown
team are no longer the San Diego
Chargers they are the Los Angeles
chargers they pack their bags and
they're moving up to Los Angeles this
freaking sucks okay hold on before I get
into it let me tell you why I'm making
this video so a lot of people I'm
talking a bunch of people have been
tweeting me you know hey the charges are
moving to Los Angeles what are your
thoughts what do you think about this
how do you feel so instead of replying
to hundreds of hundreds and maybe even
thousands of tweets I just decided let
me make a video on this and quite
honestly I wasn't going to make a video
on this you know last night I heard the
news and I was bummed out I was upset
but I wasn't going to make a video on it
till I woke up and I went on Twitter and
I saw that not even 10 minutes after the
team announced they were going to LA
they had already changed their Twitter
to the Los Angeles chargers they changed
their BIOS saying official home of the
Los Angeles chargers
they already had came out with a new
logo LA logo and I'm just like really so
the team knew they were moving to LA
they had all this plan and everything
and they didn't tell us so I got I'm
upset I'm pissed off and so I'm going to
make a video on this let me just give a
little warning for all you people who
aren't into sports or all you people who
don't watch football or any of those
competitive sports you this video will
not make any sense who you're going to
be like why do you still care why is you
ranting it's just a team you know the
team just moved a couple hours up north
who cares right no for all you people
that follow sports for all you people
who follow football and let alone for
all you charger fans you guys are going
to know exactly how I feel so let me
start off by saying Dean Spanos
fuck you ok ok that's it he knew that
the team was moving to LA he lied to
everybody in San Diego he lied to the
whole city
he lied to everybody who followed the
team he knew he know they were going to
Los Angeles there's no way he didn't
know ok all these bullshit oh we got a
- attention we solve a couple more days
to think about it oh I'm trying to get
something done Antonio's no Dean Spanos
had his sights set on la for years now
for years and he finally saw the
opportunity so he took it back and left
to LA he liked everybody in San Diego he
gave us false hope telling us that
they're working towards building a new
stadium that they're getting some
deadline extensions to keep extending in
that he wants the same San Diego that's
bullshit that is bullshit I'm a firm
believer that human beings if they want
to do something they set their mind on
doing something they will get it done
let alone if you're a billionaire and
you want to do something you're going to
get it done my point in case is that
Dean Spanos can sit here in front of a
camera or he can go out and interview
all he wants and say well I tried to get
something done in San Diego but it just
didn't work out
that is a fucking lot he is a
billionaire he had all the power in his
hands to stay in San Diego he had all
the power in his day and he has all the
money he had all the resources to build
a new stadium right here in San Diego
and keep the Chargers here but he chose
to go to Los Angeles so if you guys
believe Dean Spanos
the worst owner in professional sports
when he sits in front of a camera and
says I tried my best to keep the team in
San Diego we just couldn't get it that's
a fucking lie that is a lie he knew for
years and months now that he wanted to
go to Los Angeles and the second
opportunity arose
aka a couple days ago he took it that's
it he is a billionaire he is a sports
owner and he has a home here in San
Diego he wanted to stay in San Diego he
would have stayed now let me explain it
from my point of view
I'm a former season ticket holder me and
my dad for I say four or five years we
were season ticket holders we went to
every single San Diego charger home
games we went to a ton of playoff games
and we supported the team obviously as I
got older as I got busier as I sent my
priorities I didn't have time to hope to
go to season ticket to be a season
ticket holder my mistake but we still
supported the teams if you guys watch my
vlogs every single Sunday I watch the
charger game look at this we have
multiple jerseys we have three four five
jersey
of the San Diego Chargers fully staged
fully authentic okay my family has
supported the team how does it feel for
us it makes us feel like shit because
not just because the team left but
because the owner did not want the same
Senegal after everything that the city
has done for him now I'm not going to
stay here in line since San Diego has
the best stance of the team know there
were a lot of games where the other team
the opposing team has more fans than the
charger
but that doesn't change the fact that he
had a chance to stay in San Diego he has
the money to stay senio he has the
resources he has a plan for a new
stadium and he chose to go to LA and he
lied he lied he kept giving us false
hope that's my big thing it's not just
that the team moved it's that the shitty
bullshit greedy owner lied to all of San
Diego telling us ok we're going to get
it done we have a plan with duties votes
and all these extensions and all this no
it's sake he knew for years that he
wanted to go to LA ok now we feel lied
to I feel like I wasted my money season
tickets jersey that we went to a ton of
charger events and even for all you
people who didn't go to the game you
guys still supported the teams all you
CNA go charger fans you guys still
supported this team as bad as they were
they've been such a shitty team for the
past couple years and we still support
them day in and day out and this is what
they do it's this is sad America one of
America's finest city San Diego now has
no professional football team and no
professional basketball team you have
cities all around the US with basketball
football baseball and then you have San
Diego which is supposed to be a premier
destination a fine fine City one of the
biggest cities in America and you have
no football or basketball team this
sucks I just don't know what to say I
love silver River is I love Antonio gage
I love a lot of the charger players but
the ownership I can't fucking stand them
and we were lied to X and E Hagins
I mean if you guys were old Seattle
SuperSonics fans I guess now I know how
you guys feel well obviously the
Oklahoma City Thunder and all that
this sucks me and my dad would pitch I
was so tempted to burn these jerseys all
of them I wanted to burn that but then I
thought about it if I'm not going to
keep them if I'm going to get rhythm I
could do a better cause with them such
as give them to homeless or give them
away I don't need to burn that now the
biggest question I've got the most
frequently asked question I've been
asked for the past day Brandon are you
still a charger 10 and I haven't
answered anybody I don't know what to
say right now I'm still kind of like
shocked I'm still processing you know
San Diego is not San Diego Chargers
anymore it is a lot of times I can't
even sit I'm still like I'm still
shocked so right now I don't have an
answer a lot of my friends are actually
a ton of San Diego I'd say at least 80%
of San Diego is saying close the
Chargers and they're finding new teams
to root for and they fucking hate the
Chargers now and you know I don't blame
them and then there's some fans here in
San Diego that will follow the charges
to LA and they'll still root for the LA
Chargers me myself I don't know I don't
know if I'm still gonna be a charge
ascend or not but I do know one thing's
for sure
watching football will never be the same
watching football whether I decide to
still be a Chargers fan and root for the
Los Angeles chargers it just won't be
the same understanding it will not be
the same as going for the San Diego
Chargers I used to wake up every Sunday
and wait till either 10:00 a.m. to watch
the game or till 1:00 p.m. or maybe a
Sunday night game this sucks this
absolutely sucks why would you want to
go to LA don't have your own Los Angeles
is a beautiful city but the Chargers
will get no support there LA already has
so much in terms of sport going for them
the Chargers don't mean shit to Los
Angeles Los Angeles does not care about
them what nobody gives a shit about the
charges in LA let me tell you I have a
lot of friends in LA I follow a lot of
people on Twitter who live in the LA
area nobody gives a shit about the
charges in LA nobody wanted the charges
from LA to move there Los Angeles is and
will forever be the Lakers town Los
Angeles is known for the LA Lakers and
then you go to football well the Rams
just moved
last year and the charges aren't that
much of a better football team on the
way it just makes no sense
so yeah San Diego might not have been
the best for business or didn't have the
most fans but la is not going to be any
better I'm telling you there's not a
single soul from Los Angeles that heard
the news that the Chargers are
relocating to LA and was like oh yeah I
love the Chargers I'm a new Chargers fan
let's go not one if you are one of those
type of people Bravo I guess congrats to
you but I know so many people in LA I
follow so many people from LA and not
one of them was excited about this move
not one of them was like oh hell yeah
I'm a Chargers fan now nope nobody so
first of all that's beyond the fact that
the Chargers rip the fucking logo off of
the Dodgers logo the new LA Chargers
logo is literally a ripoff of the LA
Dodgers logo
I guess Dean Spanos knows that he's not
going to have any fans in Los Angeles so
in his head he's like oh maybe if I
could completely rip off the Dodgers
logo maybe we'll have some fans who our
Dodger fans like the Chargers I don't
know he's trying to attract the Dodgers
fan base by ripping off their logo I
don't know so Dean Spanos you screwed
over San Diego you screwed over the city
you screwed over the fans you had a
chance to stay you chose not to stay you
lied to everybody by saying that you
were thinking about you know all these
things but in your head right here in
your head where only you knew and nobody
else knew you knew you were going to Los
Angeles you lied to everybody I don't
understand why the charges want to play
second fiddle to the Rams because that's
exactly what they're doing the Rams
weren't there last year
the Chargers just follow them they're
following a trend that's it nobody in LA
wants the Chargers nobody in LA is
excited to be the chart to exist artists
to get the Chargers and the charges will
never be la team la will always be known
as the Los Angeles Lakers
I don't care if it's a difference for
the charges will never be known as lht
so again whether or not I'm still in
charge of sin or I don't know I mean I
love Philip Rivers I can't imagine
rooting against rivers rooting against
gates I mean those I've lived in saying
it on my whole life all 21 years this
sucks
I'm a son fan there is no San Diego tea
there's
San Diego departing from a Phoenix
suntan but in my head I'm like okay well
there's a San Diego Chargers so I have a
football team true for my hometown home
city nope not anymore because of shitty
owners because of a shitty family the
Spanos family uh this sucks I'm pissed
I'm upset I'm mad angry sad I don't know
what to say it's a weird feeling uh San
Diego's we've heard for years now we
kept hearing oh the Chargers might go to
LA the charges might move to LA but in
the back of our heads were just like
yeah yeah whatever
Spanos we'll find a deal done spandy
Spanos we'll get something done you know
we hear all these rumors but we know
they're going to stay in San Diego boy
were we wrong we were wrong
just a couple days ago they got an
extension I don't know guys I'm talking
too much all I have to say that at least
me myself it's been years since these
rumors have been going on you know
charges to LA San Diego's knowing I'm
gonna have a football team but they kick
in these extensions they kept doing
these bullets they kept coming up with
these new plans so you know in the back
of our heads everybody in San Diego
we're like yeah this is kind of scary
but we know they're going to stay in San
Diego we we know we're going to keep the
team here nope we were wrong I guess and
then especially one of the rams went to
LA we're like okay so Rams already in LA
the Chargers don't want to be a follower
team they don't want to you know go play
second fiddle to the Rams boy were we
wrong again so San Diego Chargers
rest in peace there is no more San Diego
Chargers they never want a Super Bowl
here I mean they went to the playoffs
they had a lot of great teams but they
never want a Super Bowl they gave us
some shitty seasons this past these past
three or four years but I still love the
team we still watch them we still
supported them
I don't know this sucks a lot of people
are going to think I'm crazy or that I'm
overreacting or whatever it's not a big
deal but all your sport fans and
especially all you charge your fans from
San Diego this fucking sucks
as for the charger players I have love
for them I wish them luck as for the
team itself
fucking scandals I don't know what to
say
I wish the players working whatever they
do but as for the team it's for sure the
ownership I hope these scandals I hope
Los Angeles treats you worse than San
Diego every tweeted if you think the San
Diego business or marketing was bad
because that's obviously all he cares
about
then I hope LA treats you a million
times words that is all he cares about
all I cares about is money and all the
kids balls business and I guess that's
fine if at the end of the day making
money is important but when you're a
billionaire I don't know all I'm living
it when I woke up and saw that the
Twitter and the logo and just everything
was already done within like five or ten
minutes of the announcement that they
were moving that tells me that they
already knew they were moving a long
time but you can't if you announce
you're moving and then fighting so do
you have a new logo and everything has
changed on social media there's you knew
that you were moving so that just pissed
me off guys I don't know what to say I
didn't want to make a video like this
but everybody's been asking what I think
because I'm a Chargers fan as a former
season ticket holder has a huge charger
supporter this sucks and I think I speak
for everybody who lives in San Diego
this freaking sucks for all you people
who have switched teams I don't think
anyone can call you a bandwagon because
that's not your fault for everybody who
decided to stay with the Chargers and be
an LA Charger stand out even though you
live in San Diego I mean good luck I
might be joining you guys I might also
be an LA Chargers fan I don't know I
still haven't bought that stick I was
trying to get an answer for this video
because a lot of people were asking me
if I'm still a fan of the Chargers but I
just don't know yet I don't know man the
Chargers they weren't the best team they
weren't even a playoff team they were
not a Super Bowl contending team but we
still love them here in San Diego this
sucks
I don't know what to say it sucks losing
your hometown team and fuck
I don't know I really don't know what to
say other than I'm really really upset
it's going to be very weird seeing them
in a different stadium it's going to be
very weird seeing them with different
jerseys it's going to be very weird with
the name on the bottom of the scoreboard
saying Los Angeles instead of San Diego
it's just everything's about it's going
to be weird and it sucks there's no
other way to say it sucks I'm upset as a
fan this hurts but at the end of the day
there's nothing we can do about it other
than just I don't know I just want to
see Phillip Rivers do good that's it and
guys I know I hope that answers all your
guys question is this freaking suck to
close this video I already posted on
Twitter Instagram snapchat if you don't
follow me all those go ahead and follow
me my name is just robotics on all my
social media apps but I already posted
on Twitter Instagram snapchat a happy
birthday to my mom mom happy birthday
you know I love you I'm so glad I'm able
to spend another birthday with you I
hope you've enjoyed it today's your day
whatever you want to do go do it I love
you mom me and my brother went in the
room the second day hit midnight
actually we were impatient we didn't
even wait for it to hit midnight we went
out like 11:50 p.m. and we're like happy
birthday mom so mom happy birthday you
know me and Brian both love you thank
you for everything that you do for me
and Brian because if it wasn't for you
we obviously wouldn't be on this earth
and everything good that I've ever done
in my life I tracked it back down to you
and dad so thank you so much for
teaching me so much about just being an
adult life in general and just about how
to be a man how to treat women just
everything you taught me everything I
know so far I hope you enjoy your day
mom
