so in case you guys don't know the whole
fan situation where these fans that come
to our house and disrespect our property
and everything has gone really really
bad and so me and my brother have made
efforts to solve this but it just keeps
getting worse so we started looking at
houses we started talking to a real
estate agent and looking at new houses
around the area and more of a gated
community so that these fans or should I
say haters I don't know stop showing up
nothing is set in stone nothing is for
sure we are not for sure moving we're
just looking at new houses just in case
this problem gets worse but our family
has talked with a lot of security guards
a lot of cops and me and my brother have
both made efforts to stop all these fans
from disrupting our privacy and
disrupting our property we plan on
staying in this house but we did decide
to go look at some new houses around the
area just in case like I said we're not
for sure moving we are most likely going
to stay in this house but we decided why
not just look at them just in case
because we've lived in this house for 17
years ever since I was 4 years old we
lived in this house what is this a
built-in basketball hoop I choose this
house for sure mom
we can stop searching this one has a
Bassel hoop so this is the one for sure
let's stop searching for homes
Hey look I don't know if this is a house
or a zoo what is this like a snake cage
look I look like myself we can look at
ourself when we jackoff
wait is this literally like a snake I
swear I don't know if there's a house or
a zoo guys so this is only the master
bedroom look here the desk or office
area literally like a living room TV
fireplace look at the bathroom I repeat
this is all only the master bedroom this
is one room this is freaking huge what
the hell well I get the master bedroom
right or do my parents get it oh my god
this is all one room this is pretty much
the whole house babe if someone actually
like lived in this room they wouldn't
even need to ever go downstairs damn in
a balcony a pole a ratchet waterslide
that doesn't connect to the pool
Jackie what the hell are you doing
I'm not are you crazy why do you want to
take another picture in the bathroom
babe
no she literally asked me can we take
another picture in the bathroom I said
hell no come from here this is so
confusing subtile sub-cabinet master
bedroom is there a room downstairs
there's only three why bime's why would
this room's kind of weird those rooms
nice like it goes from low ceilings to
high ceilings wait you know who used to
live here Brian no Kevin the one from
Sponge Bob the picol the even wood
meanwhile a Jenner I owe you Jenny
guys there's a freaking dog hey Bosley
hey Bob 300 but this is the addicts
oh hell yeah babe keep your distance
he's a guy
hey Bosley oh it's a girl she's call it
Bosley - why can't Bosley be this
friendly hey buddy
imagine he bites my hand just as I said
that Bosley say it good
Bosley say it and shake it shake guys
we're all in shock because we've never
seen a dog listen this much when you
live with Bosley this is shocking
Bosley's never listened this much in his
life when we've had it for over three
years imagine he starts humping my dad
like bah bah that's what he was gonna do
I sue it white real estate Gilbert you
said the dog comes with the house yes
okay so if we buy the house we get the
dog - Bosley as a friend I'm just joking
I don't think it does
Brian's playing my favorite song my
intro shout out to all my day ones you
guys remember that Brian is literally
having an orgasm every single house that
was shipping ha ha
my dad said what look at this this is
just the entrance
this one looks semi haunted not as
haunted a the other one yeah this has
the haunting like the Disneyland ride um
oh the Haunted Mansion mom you think I'm
gonna separate after the ghost picture
I'm not leaving anybody and no one's
leaving me so this would be what my
dad's office
yeah Oh a gym look Oh
oh my God look oh my gosh look right a
bad energy Gilbert look you can take a
nap between your face I was hit ten reps
take a nap hit another ten reps okay
don't leave me dan this looks like a
hotel lobby yes oh yeah like a Las Vegas
hotel
wait where's Brian does Brian
I think Brian Jack's off in every single
house that we go to we always lose him
Brian oh my god I'm telling you baby it
literally comes in every house goes
upstairs to a bathroom Jack's off and
then walks out oh oh he was jacking off
to the view Brian where were you in the
backyard oh my gosh
my room is nicer with the Phoenix Suns
colored walls fuck we could teach Bosley
how to swim here
damn oh we could play some golf
wait so if I play golf does that
automatically make me six years old look
there's people there's really people
playing look they're going down the golf
cart wait look at this it looks like a
thing it has a solder to that's probably
for the pool for the
this area is too rich for me on/off wait
a holy shit look at this pool the water
is Gilbert what's it called infinity
pool and a jackass Susy jacuzzi look at
Brian Brian please fall way Brian I
would be such a good Instagram picture
oh my gosh
wait this pool is sick Brian won't let
me push him in the pool for the vlog
he's being a party pooper Brian just for
my vlog let me push you down what room
is this like the living room family room
sub bitch why does Brian keep wandering
off himself
oh my god Brian no I'm telling you Brian
is like horny for all the homes that we
see babe don't leave me I don't know
wait does this one have a dog too no I
need to go people I'm not only a Gotham
by myself if you want to come with me
I'll go look you can go don't look I'm
about to go pee and Gilbert knows cuz
used to babysit us why are we so scared
of the houses why because all you guys
did as kids was watch scary movies
except because of my mom my mom forced
us to watch The Exorcist we were kids
Gilbert used to babysit us you would
take us to Blockbuster and we do like a
lot motoring in and out rent a movie
hamburgers and that's it my mom made us
watch The Exorcist when we were like two
years old where's my room I'm Brian's
already planning rooms we haven't even
looked at it kids they go to Blockbuster
oh where are the comedy or kids or
cartoons we would go as little kids um
hi worker where are the horror movies
the worker would be like bitch what guys
this is crazy every single room no
matter how big how small has its own
balcony that's crazy this house is
beautiful
fine are you still horny for the house
haha you can't even talk to these so
mesmerized this is nice I'm not gonna
lie it's beautiful
look another balcony in every single
room why time alone okay guys I reach in
my pocket to pull out my phone and look
what I pull out literally like five oil
wipes all they were just stashed in my
pocket and they're all like halfway used
to I just pulled it out it's the only
thing I've ever pulled out in my life
let's play ready yeah
guys please tell me you see the dog
Gilbert do you see the dog look it's a
husky sitting and staring at us I don't
know if you guys can see it
what are your thoughts on this house I
think this is it
no that this is the nicest one that
we've seen out of all the other ones
look I would invite your glutes one
Devin Booker to a party here I'll invite
the whole son's team except Brandon
Knight and Alex Lynn I know the ceilings
are super nice you don't ya know my only
request mister real estate is that any
house we go to I want there to be enough
empty space where we could build an
indoor basketball hoop are you sure like
my dream my dream is to have an indoor
basketball hoop like like not one of the
ones that you set up outside but like a
real Jam with a real court wooden floor
and actual yeah it doesn't have to be
full full core it could be a half court
I don't care Gilbert
could you imagine I would never leave
that room I would literally live there
yeah what look I would tear this room
down and just put an indoor basketball
that has been my dream forever oh my
gosh I would be there till 5:00 or 6:00
a.m. 5:00 in the morning I wouldn't
leave that place dad what do you say we
build an indoor basketball court please
that would be my dream up to my brother
guys there's an intercom where you can
speak to people outside okay what would
you do what's going on guys space right
here wait what what would you do fans
show up the first day we move here hey
key please get the fuck away
yes um guys that's actually impossible
cuz there's a security guard this is
really a gated community
no it's there's a security guard up
front that checks your ID and gets your
name down checks the system so for all
the disrespectful fans or supporters
that they think it's funny to come to
the house that won't be happening
anymore if we move here so god or even
talk to you okay Brian
if she say anything bad to me I'm gonna
come back in here and kick your ass okay
where's the exam two walls mom I already
peed no Brian has to say something to me
guys this is for sure the human
centipede house though
Brian wait I can't open the damn door he
said it was tricky not that I was
impossible wait these are frogs
listen Wei Brian's talking Brian what
fuck you Brian
Brian we can understand you wait these
frogs permit or wait what's hermit the
crime I thought oh oh no that's Kermit
Gilbert swimming yeah there's some frogs
what are these Turtles Winton you're so
dumb wait guys we found the frog's way
Gilbert where'd they go there's one
right under those leaf Oh guys all that
sound came only only from like two or
three frogs or Turtles look they stopped
and whatever look at that he's trying to
camouflage yeah guys it sounded so loud
I thought they were coming from all over
it like a million different ones there
was only like two or three making all
that noise little baby ones too much
guys oh no now my girlfriend wants a pet
frog just cuz we saw those can we take
one of these why do they have a baby
what do you want as a pet a froggy
why look they already have a design for
you Oh Roy his logos already up here
he's marked his spot on here no guys but
this fresher Human Centipede house right
Human Centipede and buyers me I swear I
just feel it okay guys listen
now the frogs I'm gonna catch them off
guard oh they saw me look look look
really put the flash there's two right
there
where are you sure those aren't Turtles
hey I think I caught something different
like they're called toads you have toes
or eels or sushi weight they buy it I'm
pretty sure
look right there oh my god I stopped I
know imagine they jump out way oh come
back they're gonna jump up babe okay
pretend I'm on the other side what would
you tell me I wanna do you in a bad way
babe it's gonna come up from the other
side oh my god wait Gobert so do we have
to like do we have to take care of the
frogs like feed them and pet them yeah
wow that doesn't come on the sheet for
this house they didn't tell us we had to
take care of more pets my baby we're
back home I love this place I love this
home I swear I never want to move if
we're being honest how do you love you I
love this car I love this garage door I
love these basketballs I love bosley oh
my gosh that little ghost girl probably
raped him Oh Bosley smells that other
dog hey Bosley if we're being honest I
love this house I love the walls the
painting the decorations the Christmas
tree that couches I love this house I
never want to move
I'm serious we've lived here for 17
years ever since I was a little kid I
never want to move amazing great day and
now the depression depression starts
with the son's game every time the sons
plays my daily dose of depression
there's how you make a depression from
the sons game better a foot rub pick up
the phone
yeah one of the houses had a phone next
to the toilet and I told him even when
you're going on the potty I can still
call and argue yeah guys there was a
phone right next to the toilet and all
she thought about was oh we can still
argue when we go potty
so that just that's all that's what it
shows funny because the way that you
portrayed me it probably sound like the
one that started arguments but you have
to be know I never start argument not
less this year relationship have started
i oh yeah you always saw arguments about
food know what I mean serious with
that's why that's why I thought that
what kind of dog was it the black dog
early what's gonna hump my dad because
my dad tricks them see look at that look
Walter do you have any rules in the legs
what is going on everybody Brandon here
aka bruh waters I just want to close out
this video by thanking everybody for
watching this video I hope you guys
really did enjoy it like I said we're
not for sure moving we love this house
come on we've grown attached to this
home we love this home 17 plus years in
this very house but the whole fan
situation that goes on from day to day
on an everyday basis it is really
dangerous some people are crazy and you
never know what some fans or should I
say haters could do so it is dangerous
we've talked to a lot of security guys
we've talked to a lot of cops so looking
at all those houses was just more of a
precautionary thing was more of a
just-in-case type of thing I love this
home I never want to move I love these
walls I love the carpet I just love
everything about I've lived here pretty
much my whole life for as long as I
could remember
wait but on a side note though those
houses were those houses were beautiful
they're like that last house was like
nothing I've ever seen before
it was it was beautiful nothing more
nothing less anyways to close this video
I just want to say that later tonight I
have my first game of the league many of
you guys have been talking about you
miss my basketball league videos so
we're bringing them back tonight is my
first game you guys know me I cannot
wait to get back on the court I'm so
excited to finally get back there was a
one-month break after last season to
this season and let me tell you this was
the longest month of my life I can't
wait to get back on the court I love
basketball I love winning basketball
games I love playing basketball games in
the gun new
I have for you guys is that the team I
was playing on last year they're making
it a work only team so the only people
that can play with them are the people
that work for their company I obviously
don't work for their company so what I
did was I made my own team with a few of
my cousins and the dog
drumroll please Brian Hayes rug Brian is
on my team I picked him up obviously now
the first person I asked I wanted him to
play with me last season but we didn't
have any more spots on the team last
year you guys went crazy you kept tell
me put Brian on Team 4 on home team but
there were no more spots this year he's
all the team me and Brian playing on the
same team I can't wait I love playing
basketball with my brother it's gonna be
so fun last season I led the whole
entire league in scoring and my team
didn't even make the playoffs do you
know how much that sucks you know how
much that hurt me I scored more points
than anybody in the whole entire league
but in the standings my team didn't even
make the playoffs so I was hurt leading
the league in scoring doesn't mean shit
if your team isn't winning so I was
really upset and finally today is the
day today I get back on that core I'm so
excited and to have my brother with me
on my side to have my brother at the
teammate that makes it ten times more
exciting first game is tonight
I'm telling you guys look at me I'm
itching to get back on that court last
season my team didn't make the playoffs
I hate that what my team did not make
the playoffs god I'm telling you I was
itching to get back on the court first
games tonight I'm going to try to get
the video of tomorrow you guys know the
blog's full game vlogs with a bunch of
highlights score and everything I'm
gonna try to get that up tomorrow
nonetheless I hope you guys are just as
excited for the basketball vlogs with my
brother on the team as I am to play
because I cannot wait to play if we're
being honest I'm gonna go to that court
like two hours before the game just to
play nonetheless I hope you guys did
enjoy this video and thank you so much
for watching and to close this video out
in case you guys didn't see enough of
the home that really really nice mansion
home here's a little like a little tour
just a tour of the home I hope you guys
enjoy so we're going house shopping
right now and look at this one that we
found
oh shit and just check out the master
bedroom
the high high ceilings
this seriously could be our new house
guys
and Jim in there the office and then
look right when you walk in look at this
the view from here mom what do you think
you think this could be our new house
the high Sun with a lot of all right the
kitchen I haven't even seen the upstairs
yet
mom let's go upstairs oh this is crazy
what the heck
the balcony view it's gonna be beautiful
oh my god this is actually insane
what the hell holy shit another balcony
