what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka pro artist and today I'm bringing
you guys a brand new prank video
now a lot of you guys have been tweeting
me and commenting on my videos yo where
the hell are your pranks I used to do a
lot of pranks back in the day but I felt
like the people that out pranks started
to catch on so I kind of laid off pranks
a bit I haven't talked about pranking I
haven't even said the word prank in
months so a lot of people miss the
bravados pranks a lot of people haven't
asked me to bring them back and that's
exactly what I'm doing today I think the
last prank that I pulled was almost half
a year ago so now nobody's thinking
about a prank nobody has any idea that a
prank is coming so I feel like this is
the perfect time I really don't get how
some of these couples on YouTube be
pranking each other like every single
day I don't get how one of them doesn't
catch on it's kind of fishy to me it's
kind of sketchy now what we're gonna be
doing to my girlfriend today god bless
me I am so scared to do this first of
all know my armpits are gonna start
sweating watch I'm so freakin nervous so
for those who don't know me and my
girlfriend are about to leave to Phoenix
we have a flight tomorrow morning to
catch
we're flying to Phoenix Arizona so my
girlfriend is spending the night here
she brought her luggage I brought mine
and so what we are going to do today
babe I'm sorry I love you to death like
you're the love of my life we're gonna
live happily ever after but today your
makeup is going to get burned babe I
love you but this has to happen
the reason I'm choosing to prank my
girlfriend is because when the whole
killer Klown scare was big a couple
months ago my girlfriend teamed up with
my dad and they pranked the hell out of
me they prank the living shit out of me
so babe this is my payback I could have
got her back right after the clown scare
but like I said I wanted to wait a
couple of months all that she least
expects it everybody thought I'd quit
pranking well today we are gonna burn my
girlfriend's makeup so here's her makeup
guys I'm so scared listen girls love
their makeup so what we have here is the
makeup that jackie was supposed to take
just oh my god see she would kill me
even from that and as you're burning it
I don't know the makeup that she was
gonna take the fetus
Oh No and shout-out to my mom who is in
on this prank she knows what I'm doing
she's helping me execute this prank
she took Jackie to Starbucks so Jackie
was over here you know we were getting
ready for our trip to Phoenix but right
now my mom took her to Starbucks they're
gonna go get some coffee together just
hanging out and I texted my mom I said
try to stall her a little bit while I
set this up the whole reason I'm gonna
be pranking Jackie is this didn't really
happen obviously but this what I'm gonna
tell her when we went to the New Year's
party I'm gonna tell her that I caught
her I don't know flirting with the
waiter because there was a waiter there
this didn't really happen I'm just gonna
make up some random shit so I have a
reason to burner maker and I'm gonna be
like oh you think it's funny to flirt
with it boom and burn your makeup so
this might be the scariest moment of my
life let me just say burning a girl's
makeup guys is like if a girl were to
burn your dick off like you don't mess
with a girl's makeup like I don't know
I'm super nervous but I need to get him
back that cloud scare that she did to me
I was having nightmares for days anyways
we're gonna have two cameras babe I'm
coming prepared we're having two cameras
so if you decide to kill me or whatever
the hell you're gonna do which I don't
even want to know cuz I'm terrified we
have two cameras pray for me because
this is gone baby oh and for those
wondering don't worry I'm gonna surprise
Jackie with a gift card to Sephora I
went to the mall I bought a Sephora gift
card so after this prank I'm gonna take
her to the mall we're gonna go to
Sephora and she's gonna go get whatever
is burned don't get me wrong I feel
really bad doing this but sometimes when
someone brings you so bad like my
girlfriend did you gotta get them back
in drastic ways so we got the lighter
fluid we have the makeup and last but
not least we have the fire pit it's time
to set this oh shit I just a weld is
gonna be burnt anyways I was like oh
sure I spilled a lot of fluid words
cannot describe how nervous I am right
now this is by far the most nervous I've
ever been to pull a prank I've done some
pretty crazy pains but I don't know why
I feel like if you mess with a girl's
makeup like no you just you can't do
that that's like messing with a guy's
retro j's I don't know but actually no I
just keep remembering that clown prank
that my girlfriend pulled on me babe
payback is a bitch that's all I'm gonna
say
Bosley you want to help me praying
Jackie
yeah let's print Jackie Bosley you want
me to burn all of her makeup give me
five high five puzzle you're so fat you
can't even reach my hand okay guys my
mom just texted me saying that they're
almost home
first of all shout-out to my mom for
helping me do this and taking Jackie out
of the house it wouldn't be possible
without you mom I love you please if
Jackie kills me just please be at my
funeral okay so we can put the first
camera here obviously I'm talking too
much
I'm a dumbass my mom's coming my armpits
are for sure sweating now because of how
nervous I am I'm scared to death
babe please don't kill me
guys I'm such a crazy boyfriend that
even though obviously she really didn't
flirt with the waiter yesterday just me
lying to her and saying that she flirted
with the waiter I'm already getting mad
like my blood is boiling even though it
never happened just because I'm thinking
it that's how crazy of a boyfriend I am
and you guys think she's the cycle one
mm-hmm okay time to start this fire
we're gonna be burning a whole batch of
a 20-year old girls makeup so we need a
lot of gas and I mean a lot hey other
cameras hey other camera
hey camera here the place out there that
we discover the way I'm gonna get
copyrighted because my voice is so good
they're gonna think it's the actual song
okay so that is more than enough
gasps oh my god imagine if they come
home right now ah
Oh No oh my god
we got the makeup here and now we wait
oh my god there's lashes she's gonna
kill me she loves lashes hopefully the
gift card makes up for it anyways now we
wait for them to get here guys
if in case you never see me again thank
you so much for all the support you guys
have ever given me the oh shit the
fire's dying babe I love you please
don't kill me you could hurt me but
don't kill me it's starting to rain this
might be a fail I told my mom to tell
her to come in the backyard please don't
let the fire go out
come here
why do you think it's funny to flirt on
New Year's no move do you think it's
funny to flirt on New Year's in front of
my face on New Year's in front of my
face in front of my big I was right next
to you what do you mean what did you
clerk you know what this is
don't touch it no no don't just let it
all dirty remember what I used to brine
with the shoes and what you wish you on
the frame one word you wish with
somebody else
don't be funny to flirt with somebody
else
oh the lashes gonna burn give me the
lashes no how would you flirt with
somebody right I'm right for you you
kept on all your Hollywood 50 over all
he asked you with what kind of drink do
you want did you have to keep extra
conversation going
for what reason oh don't don't stop it
ah I didn't stop you comforting with the
guy you can't stop the fire
you go oh wait
business
I assure your the one who is flirting
with a waiter why do you have to keep
extra conversation going I was right
next year you know how don't let me
my issue you're going to learning with a
waiter why do you have to keep it the
conversation going
I was right next to you you know how
that makes me look Oh what hey hey
gave LaVon
she literally spilled all the water on
me not this Jack I was gonna wear to the
airport tomorrow hold on
no I was gonna wear the shirt to the
airport tomorrow come here I just want
to show you we can save the makeup Kahn
where are you going
See Mom
no okay where are you going where are
you going I'm recording it's a prank I'm
recording turn around turn around I'm
recording babe babe babe hold on come
here just let me do babe just let me
tell you something babe hey babe I have
a gift it's just makeup
okay fine sorry sorry I did not mean
that I'm Jen did not mean that okay I
just screwed myself babe I have a gift
card upstairs we're going to Sephora
right now babe come
babe God mom amaura she's really leaving
tell you mom I'm telling her it's a
prank no no no there's a car hey there's
some fans coming no listen listen babe
when we were in it she's not listening I
told you not to mess with the girls
makeup babe I'm sorry mom we're going to
Sephora right now guys this is guys fog
I knew not to mess with a girl's makeup
babe I don't know if she wants the
camera in her face right now so I'm
taking a risk for you guys
babe hold on I have understand this
money that was I'm sorry we're going to
the mall right now I'm gonna drive we're
going to the mall I'll buy you food at
the mall
I don't fucking for you we only Brian
tell her fucking boundaries and you
always over sucks on you okay okay just
calm down babe okay let's go put out the
fire we could save the makeup okay why
did I see the jizz afraid no she knows
it's a prank but I think I went too far
okay hold on no okay guys you're being a
poor sport
god I'm scared I'm scared I was gonna
win this to the airport tomorrow
oh my gosh just come here come here babe
I have I'm gonna apologize no I don't
wanna fucking afford okay come on come
here give me a hug give me a hug
okay we're going together we're gonna go
to the mall we'll eat hold on okay
hey mom she's still hitting me hold on
okay but where's your bag no look the
lip Russell
oh my no look the lip gloss isn't
burning my lip gloss is popping my lip
gloss is cool I would give mom okay babe
look there's one camera there into a
prank one camera there it's a prank
there's another camera in my hand look
are your lashes so good hey hey stop
stop it's okay look are your lashes
hey hey stop stop it's okay it's okay
hey Brian can you please record I need
to talk okay oh my god the smell is so
good thing with you guys hey wait what
the hell wait is that really your makeup
yeah
Vinny I got her I got her gift card Leo
I thought you were bringing like fake
makeup or something
I joined wait Jackie oh shit now I know
why she's so mad even burn no kidding
dummy okay good I'll be the first one me
I think he flinched no not the Kylie
Brandon what the hell is wrong with you
actually what the hello everybody good
prank me why would you why would you
look in the lipstick you no no no
nothing okay look not the lip kit but
yes
Brandon so everybody could prank me and
I'm just supposed to laugh look welcome
thank you
looking everyone in this out but the
second I bring someone it's halal ah
baby actually have the audacity to burn
the Kylie Jenner makeup Oh so we babe
okay okay look guys thank you so much
for watching this video I need to go get
ready for my trip babe okay I'm sorry
look we're gonna go right now just
logistical be done we're done just say
bye okay that's not funny you can
secondo did you scare me with the clown
I had nightmares for days I told him I
said babe I love you and I knew I might
have got killed
okay honestly at least I only got what
did you store me your coffee or water no
that is that water I can boil
no thank you so much for watching this
video guys I think I might have taken it
a little too far but if you guys knew
what happened with the clown prank how
much money was that possibly I got you
$10 please I got you $10 on the gift
card you can go buy land I'm just joking
I'm just joking anyways thank you so
much for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed this prank babe okay step away I
can't do the alternative dynamite I
can't deceive you leave a like if you
guys want to see more I'm just joking
I'm just joking I hope this what I'm
sorry babe look we can save some money
off the gift card this is still
salvageable ow this is still Oh what is
this uh-oh oh yeah this is still good
fire resistant the Kyle man I'll bet you
know
yeah babe let's sit around the campfire
and let's enjoy a good warm night what
hey Bryan let's all sit around the
campfire oh I thought Jackie was gonna
come to me let's all sit around the
campfire and have some s'mores okay babe
I'm very sorry okay okay okay
she broke she broke a thing on my arm
look how hard she hit it wait I just
stepped in balsa shit hold on let me see
it babe please let me see it or am i
sellout to call you babe or no Brian
look how hard she hit me on my arm she
literally broke this on my arm babe I
was gonna play basketball in Phoenix
okay I'm what did you want to do get
fake makeup and do it
my arm is broken I was planning on
playing a lot of basketball in Phoenix
but look at this you destroyed it on my
arm
dad Jackie broke your thing on my arm
when you water the plant I'll take the
blame cuz I did the prank I'm sorry for
waking you up okay oh my god she was
crazy she freakin broke the thing on my
arm a good Bosley Fozzie did you miss
Ron that's so funny
Fuzzy's hidden oh my god imagine my dad
was asleep he probably thought the house
burnt down and he woke up okay guys so
jackie is back to normal babe I'll be
look I'll be the first one mate I think
I took that a little too far because
even though I got you the gift card I
still don't think I should have burned
the makeup
Ahlan I know I'm sorry all of me I
should have thought about it before I
did it I'm very sorry but there's always
a but you got me so bad with the clown
prank babe but just tell the camera
really quick were you expecting this or
no no see that's the part of waiting
three months or like that's the perk of
waiting months and months and months to
prank someone because that's when they
least expect it but no I'm still kids a
little bit like this tiny bit burn
everything about her life like
everything she ever cared for just burn
it all guys yeah it sounds like a good
idea why not
you guys saw how she was right after I
did it
no you kiss me
um this is way better than how she was
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I swear I'm not that
mean I don't know from what I know she's
really not that mean guys are gonna
think that you're super mean but I'm
sure girls are gonna understand no I'm
I'm still like my like blood it's like
going like this cuz I'm still like
boiling inside babe I was legit scared
of you like I've never been scared of my
girlfriend physically but during the
play I was literally going like this
ever ever ever
that's the first time you've ever hit me
I swear anyways guys thank you so much
for watching this video my pain is your
guys's pleasure I guess thank you so
much for watching and I really hope you
guys enjoy it for now Barrois dias I'm
out
Jackie J figs she's out babe I promise
no more pranks honestly my mom was in on
it
we thought about it I saw your makeup
laying right here guys first of all any
coffee and I yeah wait why didn't you
get a Starbucks how you're going to
store both Elsbeth Jack in the clothes I
wanted coffee anyways thank you so much
for watching and drop a like if you
enjoyed that video I'm sorry I'm just
joking guys she's calmed down now I
finally feel safe to go next to her when
we were downstairs I had to keep like a
50-foot radius I couldn't be near her no
that was abuse yeah you've never hit me
you've never yelled at me you've never
done anything to me except for that if
there's your first time watching our
videos and you've never seen Jackie in
any of my other videos
she is not violent I just I knew not to
mess with her makeup and I sold it in no
you kiss me okay huh you come no more
more how much more
