what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and I am in the biggest
rush of my life look at this check this
out you won't believe it
so first of all I don't even know why
I'm vlogging I'm the biggest idiot on
earth for even pulling my camera out
because look so here's my suitcase right
I haven't packed anything okay no big
deal I could pack right but what if I
told you that it is eleven twenty nine
eleven twenty nine and our uber is going
to arrive at 11:30 I have one minute to
pack for a one-week trip listen guys
I'll explain later
but just know that I'm leaving to
Phoenix for six whole days I haven't
started packing because I was up all
night editing my videos I haven't slept
I have not slept a single minute I was
up all night editing for videos and I
got them done but now I need to pack and
I'll get back to you guys oh my god I'll
get back to you guys in a minute
oh my god 11:30 my mom and Jackie are
gonna kill me I swear they were so
stressed out for me I'm just like guys
chill I'm getting done well I was wrong
in the big dundun and game boxers all of
them these things whatever they're
called wife beaters all of them oh you
gotta bring a lot of basketball Elyse
hogs cuz I'm still cuz I'm gonna be
playing basketball every single day
there I swear I'm there for six days I'm
gonna play basketball every single day
for hours and hours so you gotta bring
the socks can't forget those hell yes I
cannot forget these I'm going to Phoenix
Arizona you know I got to bring these so
our flight leaves at 1:00 p.m. the
flight gets its wheels off of the ground
and takes off in the air at 1:00 p.m.
that means they close the doors to the
flight at 12:30 p.m. they usually say to
leave to the airport two hours before
your flight and we're way past that this
is my fault
I'm not gonna lies because I have to get
the videos done and now here I am and I
wouldn't be vlogging but honestly I feel
like something really bad is gonna
happen
so I'd rather have the on camera so I
could show you guys rather than not have
it I have really bad anxiety I gotta
stop vlogging I gotta get this done and
we gotta go you cannot forget the oil
wipes um how much are you gonna kill me
oh my god
we got a chill we got a relaxed
everything happens for a reason so for
late and I miss my flight everything
happens for my mom and Jackie are both
gonna kill me I swear guys I'm telling
you 99% of everything I packed is
basketball so there's basketball shoes a
ton of basketball shorts I brought a
bunch of shirts that I play basketball
and I barely brought anything to
actually go out and like I barely
brought any nice dress-up shirts
any jeans maybe like one pair of jeans
it's just basketball stuff I swear to
basketball I love basketball Hey uber
the uber is here I know he's actually
gonna fucking make me late on purpose so
guys we finished packing shoutout to my
mom for helping me a little bit at the
end oh wait I need normal pair shoes yes
sir okay mom let me do the honors so
long I a I'll miss you very much and
I'll see you on Saturday mmm love you
now time to go say bye to the second
most important thing in this house first
is my i8 then comes Bosley where's
Bosley Bosley Oh were you getting fucked
by Brian okay
Bob Bosley give me five I'll see you
saturday okay and then the third most
important thing after my car Bosley
Brian to see you saturday
six days Brian yes no guys this is the
longest trip mom come here give them
four more really be careful this is the
longest trip that I'm leaving this house
for I'm gonna miss this house I already
know he's gonna use my products when I'm
gone so just don't use too much family I
love you I'll see you in six days Brian
mom Bosley thank you
catch me on TV you guys can see me
during the son's game
course I would a pretty nice lady
Linna send it to that I send a pretty
nice little lady to Whoville
okay guys bye and my dad don't work so I
can't say too much to him and the uber
drivers gonna kill me but you got to go
sorry yes sir do you think we're gonna
make it if our flight is at 1:00 uh you
know I can get you there like thirty you
know the lines in the security at well
Phoenix I might not be like humming
airline so far I'd say it's a 50/50
chance whether we're gonna miss her flat
or not we'll see so I was up all night
getting my videos done because I didn't
want to go to Phoenix and leave you guys
empty-handed with no videos and so I was
up all night editing them and then I
didn't finish in time
so I kept trying to do it and look what
happened here we are but on the bright
side I did get all my videos done so
while I'm in Phoenix you guys are gonna
have videos for every day while I'm
there I am fashionable this is the
latest I've been what are you what's
your prediction so me Papa said we're
not going but I need to go see my
friends yeah guys I think I took my
saying do today do today a little too
far we'll see what happens we're on the
way right now for whatever reason this
light is taking super long because
obviously because we're late so
everything is taking longer that's
always how it works and I'll pick it
back up when we get to the airport
I can't
you
okay thank you okay guys so sad news um
we missed our flight this is my fault no
I take full blame I stayed home editing
my final videos I should have just taken
a day off and not uploaded today instead
we missed our flight well technically we
didn't miss our flight we just came to
late
past the cutoff time our flight wasn't
until 1:00 we got here at 12:30 and I
guess the cutoff time was 12:20 so we
got here 10 minutes late to get on the
plane and I was like is there any way we
can just get on the flight hasn't left
yet but they were like no it's past the
boarding time so the boarding time was
12:20 we got here at 12:30 barely 10
minutes late first of all the uber
driver was driving slow as hell yes
after we told them we were in a huge
rush and he told us he's like okay I'll
try to get you there sooner he was
driving really slow but I'm not putting
the blame on anyone except myself
I stayed up way too late editing my
videos I should have just skipped one
day skip one video and not uploading
instead here we are so to update you
guys on what's happening the next flight
to Phoenix isn't until 5:00 p.m.
five o'clock it's only 1 o'clock right
now so four hours until the next flight
and the bad news is we don't even know
if we can get on that flight for sure
we're on like a waiting list or like a
standby list and we can only get on that
one if people cancel out so hopefully
some people I guess don't want to go to
Phoenix anymore at 5 p.m. so that's our
only hope they put us on the waiting
list for the next flight which is at 5
p.m. wait what did she if we don't get
on the 5 p.m. what did they say we know
I don't know what's gonna happen if we
can't get yeah I don't know what that
means but this is due today due today
gone wrong oh my gosh the worst part is
like I got all my videos done so I felt
so accomplished I felt so relieved I was
like ok let's go to Phoenix all my
friends are waiting for me down there
fuck I should have listened to you guys
you guys were telling me just take a day
off go enjoy your vacation but in my
head I'm so committed to this whole
YouTube thing so I'm like no I'm not
taking any days off omitting videos done
I did a vlog I did a freakin 2k video I
did so many things and I got them all
done also I can miss my flight but I'm
not blaming anyone I'm not blaming the
uber driver I'm not blaming the airport
I'm not blaming anyone except myself
it's my fault
I should have managed my time better if
only there were more than 24 hours in
the day I wish that you know that's what
I need
bless you he has the most quiet sneezes
sometimes I won't hear her sneeze so I
won't say bless you and I'll be like
because I feel rude if I don't say bless
you something like I didn't hear you
you know if I had three wishes everybody
would wish for money or I don't know a
perfect life I would wish for more than
24 hours in the day I need that I need
more than 24 hours in a day to get all
my stuff done first of all how the hell
do I have so much energy for someone who
didn't even go to sleep I don't know how
I'm filled with energy but I'm pretty
bummed out right now
I'll keep you guys updated hopefully we
can get on the one that leaves at 5:00
p.m. I don't know if we could but we'll
see it sucks either way I guess we're
just gonna sit here for four hours and
then I don't know we'll keep you updated
this still it sucks either way but you
guys are in here with us
it's like you guys are staying at the
airport with us for four hours so we'll
see I'm an idiot I'm like I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot I should have listened you
guys you got so many take a day off my
mom and dad kept telling me just miss a
day you're going on vacation just go
enjoy your time you don't need to upload
every day but I just wanted to get a
video out for you guys every single day
so I'm like no I'm not gonna miss a day
I hate missing uploads honestly there's
hardly anything in life I hate more than
when I miss a day of uploading I just
feel like I feel like I let down 1.4
million people every day that I choose
not to upload I feel like I let down 1.4
million people and I don't like to do
that okay guys so we're actually indeed
going to over back home because if you
guys don't know my cousin rockin and his
mom and his sister they all came down
here for a week from Texas and today's
their last
eight and I didn't have time to go say
bye to them because I was finishing my
videos so I just had no time and I feel
really bad we only see them once a year
so I feel really bad I don't want them
to leave without saying bye I'm gonna
miss them those are my first cousins and
my aunt so we're gonna go back home I'm
gonna say bye to them and then we're
gonna come back I really wanted to see
them this morning and say my goodbyes
but I just like I said I was just
working on my videos
I'm such an 88 but for the millionth
time because I know a lot of people are
going to think oh you're trying to blame
it on the videos or on anything else no
I'm putting the blame on myself I'm an
idiot I should have been smarter I
should have managed my time better it's
my fault I'm not trying to pin the blame
on anybody else I understand most
youtubers would take a break at least
one day while they're on vacation but
I'm not like most of them remember when
I said everything happens for a reason
think about it so let's see what reason
this happened for no mom I'm actually
people were saying on my live stream
they said you're actually pretty calm I
would be pissed I'm taking this the
comics way possible it does suck all my
friends are waiting for me over there
they're all already there they're
playing basketball right now it kills me
to say and mom you won't believe it
one of my friends rented out a whole
theater to watch the son's game in
Phoenix with tonight and I'm gonna miss
it the game is I'm gonna miss it one of
my friends over there shoutout to Nick
he rented like a I don't even I didn't
even know you could do this I've never
heard of this but he rented out like a
theater room and they're gonna play the
son's game and they have food and drinks
and I was obviously supposed to go but I
miss my fly anyways we got to stay
positive you got to look at the positive
to every situation and I'm gonna go get
my car right now drive to go see rockin
Nora and their mom before they go Bosley
did you miss me I know I was gone for so
long huh okay you could tell your food
down later you don't want to say hi or
anything okay guys so I guess the good
news the positive of this situation is
that I get to eat I didn't eat all
morning I didn't eat all day today and
quite honestly I don't even remember
eating yesterday so it's been it's been
a long time since I last a like I said I
was just trying to grind out my videos I
just put my mind to I was trying to work
really hard
for the past two days I'm starving I
haven't ate in a while I was grinding so
hard the past two days I didn't even
have time to even sit down and eat it so
sometimes you just got to sit down
relax chill and enjoy yourself even
sleep I haven't slept it's been days
since I've actually just sat down and
kind of like okay Brandon like I've just
been so busy recently between YouTube
basketball picking my next college
classes because we're on winter break
right now it's just been hectic these
past couple of days so I guess this
delayed flight the good thing about it
is I can kind of just like recollect
myself kind of relax for like 30 minutes
and just look just sit down I haven't
sat or laid down and so long so it's all
Brian's fault because I said well there
with my phone cuz I said goodbye to
Brian my goodbye to Brian was too long I
kissed him a little too long yeah how
does it feel it's your fault okay maybe
we're on the waiting list Bosley what
does that mean I miss you oh okay Bosley
the bright side I'm missing my flight
one last family meal oh the last supper
it is the last supper but only for
disciples not 12 another plus of being a
victim of a delayed flight is that I can
read NBA articles now before I go I
could catch up on them so
what are you eating is this your
favorite article no I'm gonna see what
you my later missions you know just in
case he wants to message some girl on
this MBAs doing out care they've special
massage from me to you the hands not
with that that doesn't give me a happy
ending
ah Hardman at work
what are you raining and be hmm uber
number two is here I'm talking to my
camera yeah cuz we missed our flight we
went to the airport missed our flight so
we came back and is our second uber to
the airport today guys I think my heart
is good bye like I've stuck saying
goodbye to my mom and dad but my hardest
goodbyes to Bosley my dog oh my god my
son has really I got he begged me to
take the dog with uh uh the difference
is though your dog probably likes him my
dog hates me oh yeah okay I love the dog
he doesn't like me so guys we just got
held extra at the security check because
they had to inspect my bag even further
all I had was oil wipes gum and some
cash like five dollars but of course you
have to inspect it even more just
because I'm Middle Eastern right I'm
just joking I'm not I'm not like those
dramatic everything about race oh I got
inspected just cuz I'm Middle Eastern oh
they inspected it because they thought I
had some shit in my backpack which I did
it oh you double checked me why just
cause I'm Middle Eastern no I'm not like
that if they had to double check me for
whatever reason then go ahead double
check me first of all I don't even look
me Alicia and I look Hispanic at least
that's what I think doing yeah
well wait my hair is so crazy
okay so now is the moment of truth we're
about to go see if we can get on this
flight could you imagine going all the
way back home coming all the way back to
the airport just to not even be able to
get on the 5 p.m. flight I don't even
know what would happen after that we
have to come back tomorrow or book
another flight for another day yeah I
don't know what would happen we might
apply our own airplane
yeah at this point can we just rent out
a private jet and go to Phoenix like all
my friends are playing basketball
they're all about to watch the Suns game
in a private theater I want to be there
wait hold on wait remember the
jack-in-the-box thing yeah I almost died
exactly but last time we were here I
almost missed my flight
I ordered jack-in-the-box and then they
were about to leave so they called the
name they were like Brandon awardees we
need you on the flight we're about to
take off and so I had ordered the
jack-in-the-box I paid for it but I had
to leave so I paid for it without
getting the food I was so depressed I
was like really I was starving I was
like not only do I not get the food but
I already paid for it too that was the
worst day of my life hey where are we
going I don't know where's what Tribune
everyone's looking at me like I'm crazy
oh he's walking where are we going guys
when I vlog in public I'm telling you
everyone thinks I'm crazy I'm just
recording myself talk that's it why do
you think I can bribe people to not take
the flight so that we can get their spot
look there's so many people here waiting
I can't just bribe some people like you
I'm trying to get to Phoenix what do you
want for me to take your spot back so
we're on the fly but let's pull a little
prank on Jackie we're not on it
okay guys so she said to talk with the
people up front wait
okay guys so
like we said we were on the waiting list
and it turns out that we weren't able to
get on you know like all the way up so
we're gonna try to see either we have to
come back tomorrow or we just get our
money back and we can't go on yeah I
don't know what she was saying we have
to talk with the people up front this is
so what do you think about this I'm just
joking on the fight it's not gonna prank
I'm gonna joke it's a joke yeah so guys
she said that we were able to get on
this flight so we were able to get on
the flight but this is definitely a
lesson learned I need to get myself done
beforehand because this was way too
close okay we walked like 10 stairs I
was gonna make us go I know so yeah guys
we're gonna be landing in Phoenix I
think around 7:30 or so a little later
than we thought but better late than
never right this is the definition of do
today do today gone wrong like extremely
wrong everyone's seeing I'm just holding
the camera up to my face but look how
petty I am since everybody's staring at
me I'm just gonna keep going and keep
talking even though I don't need to say
anything else
I'm pe TTY petty yeah I'm P ITA pita
bread
I'm so excited I've never been to
Phoenix
I can actually see the court that I've
been looking at for so long to realize
hopefully we will stop behind it did it
stop guys so right now me it it stopped
they're gonna fucking fill it up with
gas why me and Jackie are trying to take
a thumbnail so we're trying to go to
every single window and there are no
planes around like we want to take a
thumbnail like you know we missed our
like we missed our flight but there's no
planes every terminal we go to shut up
oh wait this one's coming come here yes
we've went to literally every window
look all here and there are no planes
the struggle of a thumbnail they're
gonna think we're up to something we
just keep moving from another one
another plane we thought we missed it
why do planes need gas
its 2017 can they just not have fly on
their own if birds can fly on their own
then why can't planes okay wait hold on
there's no plane over there just check
if this one came back if everyone in
this Airport had a vote right now who
they think is the craziest guy in this
Airport they would for sure pick me it
doesn't really look that weird for
someone to be walking around with a
camera
maybe I'm just used to it cuz I'm a
vlogger but babe the plane the plane the
plane it's coming thumbnail time fuck
you plane okay wait
of course the smallest one don't wait oh
no it's out coming to a phaser
No hold on I said we're gonna miss our
flight again trying to take a thumbnail
get your weights cuz my big-ass head is
in the way
god I swear people just laughed on me so
hard they probably think I'm trying to
take a selfie with the end of the plane
it's for a thumbnail it's okay
YouTube wait I know that was the worst
thumbnail ever
okay now let's check if we missed our
flight trying to take the thumbnail
that's where YouTube has ruined my wife
to everybody think I'm crazy just cuz
I'm walking around the camera I don't
understand what big deal is what's the
big whoop
oh shit we're missing the Rose Bowl the
Rose Bowl is on babe how do I have this
much energy on lack of sleep guys am I
actually crazy like Jackie who got a
full night's sleep okay you slept like
six hours that's a full night you didn't
you slept in my bed I saw you going six
hours she was telling me how she's super
tired she's like babe I'm so tired and
I'm like babe I can go play a whole game
of basketball right now if I wanted to
like I do want to go play why do I have
so much energy I'm probably gonna die
when I'm like 23 no you now people crash
out like a certain amount of hours I
think I crash out a certain amount of
years so when I turned 23 or 24 I'm just
gonna done like I'm done oh shit done
well why didn't we bring Bosley imagine
if we brought me on the plane he would
pee on every single person but this fly
is not team dracky they separated us
we're far we're like five or six rows
away from each other this flight is not
team us they hate us Oh if one more
person looks at me just as I'm recording
I swear I have to make a pole Bobby
attune like always he has a camera oh my
god I'm gonna kill it
they've separated me and Jackie but we
have a strong bond we have a strong
relationship we won't let this break us
up yeah oh I almost got ran over by all
the lucky who there's a dog on our fight
okay guys so Jackie's right there I'm
right here look they have games and they
have hangman
crosswords is too much for my brain look
for sure easy will hopefully they have
fantasy basketball game pool basketball
Bryan would enjoy this flight because
they don't have okay guys it might not
have been the way we wanted to get here
but it doesn't matter because of Jesus
cuz we're here I literally have the
worst heading because on that flight I
was just playing the games
I was playing hangman chess I had my
head down the whole time it's time to
meet up with all my friends
we're what time we were supposed to get
here at 3:00 if we didn't miss our
flight and now it's like 7:30 so we're
like five hours past but you can't
complain like I said we were lucky
enough to even get another flight so
we're here we're safe that's all that
matters
what's more important than getting here
is that we got here in one piece nothing
happened so safety always comes first
were safe like I said you got to stay
positive in these situations the
positive is I got to see my dad before I
left because he was at work the first
time I left I got to eat another meal
with my family I got to spend more time
with Bosley and I got to play games on
the plane okay and now time to pick up
our luggage this way okay
this is Jackie's first time ever in
Phoenix how do you like it so far
well we haven't even been outside it's
only the airport how do you like the
airport so far guys my dad's gonna be so
upset he bought this back for Jackie he
just bought it for her he likes surprise
her with in everything and look at what
happened to it because of the baggage
thing it's oh my gosh babe my dad's
gonna be so sad
my dad surprised her with it that's so
so nice of him and now it's freakin
ruined Wow sorry dad
shout out to the homie Dennis who came
all the way to the airport and picked us
up if you guys are new subscribers this
is my homie Dennis just last month he
came all the way from Phoenix to San
Diego just so we could hang out so we
met up with homie number one and now
we're gonna go to meet up with all the
rest of the homies that are here one of
them came from North Carolina I don't
know if you know Tony but he's from
North Carolina guys my girlfriend has
never been to Phoenix this is her first
time are you excited yes I'm such a
tourist a member how many pictures I
made you take and what was the first
thing you asked if they had Jesus no
baby not these circles wings babe they
have this country really yea the
shoutout El Salvador
what was the first thing you asked when
you got here the if they have one
oh it's Starbucks if anything has a
Starbucks I like oh nail place fix my
nails before the game to her nail chip
so she needs to go fix her nails she
said this Phoenix out nail salons get
yourself friends who don't make you come
to a gated community without telling you
how to get in okay guys so we just
watched the sun's loss what's new right
now nothing's new we just watch the
sun's loss and what time is it
I'd say midnight yeah it's almost
midnight but we're about to go play some
ball honestly you might think we're
crazy but that's what we came to Phoenix
to do what better night we watch such a
Phoenix Suns loss and then we go play
some basketball
we're here LA Fitness shout-out look how
crazy are we it's 12:20 it's almost
12:30 in the morning and we are just now
arriving to play basketball I'm running
on no sleep
me and Jackie we haven't gone to the
hotel yet we went straight from the
airport to watch the son's game and then
straight to the gym we haven't even seen
the hotel
we haven't unpacked our luggage like I
said I haven't even slept this is all
crazy but ball is life mail places the
air show they were about to play ball
and are the guards near me nice so real
quick before my phone dies I'm not
playing the game but listen literally
one guy has won like six of the games
and Brandon is so mad right now
babe how mad are you
I'm so fucking bad right you know I have
a good fake smile okay so they think I'm
just playing around
I'm so mad oh this is my fake smile well
yeah the left I am laughing cuz I know
Maddie are
okay guys it's past 3:00 a.m. and we
finally made it to the hotel we're
looking for our room right now I don't
know even know what time it is right now
but we're finally here we made it but
are you sure it's this way we're a
little lost searching for the room I
don't know this place is kind of weird
and let me just say that Arizona at
night is much colder than San Diego is
so we are literally freezing our butts
off and I was playing basketball so I'm
in shorts I'm in basketball shorts we
are freezing our asses off and it's not
fair for Jackie to freeze your ass off
because I like her ass so okay guys we
made it finally this room is actually
really nice 3:09 a a we got it bathroom
babe we could the shower is nice and
here's the bed so this room is pretty
nice wait oh my God look how tired I am
I'm wearing my freakin hoodie backwards
that's how tired I am I don't even care
that she's staying on backwards guys
it's time to close the video out thank
you so much for watching
what a long long day if anything I
learned a huge lesson if you have a fly
or something really important to do
don't wait till the last second don't
worry I'm still gonna live by my motto
do today do today but some things are
just very important and I learned my
lesson guys trust me thankfully we made
it here safe like I said you got to look
at the positives we're here safe I'm
extremely tired I'm extremely sleepy but
guess what I'm going to be doing I'm
going to edit this vlog right now I'm
going to edit this video so if we're
being honest I don't think I'm gonna go
to sleep tonight cuz it's already 3:00
a.m. and we have to wake up early
because I want to play basketball
tomorrow morning so I honestly think
after I end this vlog I'm gonna stay up
edit this video upload it and then just
go play basketball when it's time
anyways oh I wanted to tell you guys
really quick what the plan for my
channel is so I promise you guys that
every day while I'm here in Phoenix I'm
gonna have a video uploaded for you guys
so today but you're getting this vlog
the vlog of us missing our flight you
are getting an NBA
- Kay video of me versus Brian I'm not
going to spoil that
but loser there was a loser bet so the
loser had to do something Friday's video
look I'm not going to spoil it but let's
just say you guys have missed these
videos and you don't want to miss
Friday's video that's all I'm going to
say so tune in Friday that's going to be
my favorite video and then Saturday is
going to be a vlog of the son's game we
got courtside seats front row on the
floor so the vlog is going to be really
really cool I told you guys I wasn't
gonna let you down I had videos up
anyways I gotta get to work I'm
extremely tired planning to start
working on this vlog thank you guys so
much for watching this video and I'm
glad I got to play basketball today I
love you guys shout out water
