what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wat is and today listen before
you guys kill me in the comment section
I know I'm a little late on this train
or should I say a lot late on this trend
but I really wanted to try it look
really fun today you guys can't tell
we're going to be doing the glowing oh
my god we're going to be doing the 1000
degree glowing knife challenge I'm here
with my beautiful girlfriend
hi we really wanted to try I know we're
late on the trend so we were telling
each other don't do it don't do it but
it just looks so fun
so today well we're gonna be cutting
through there's just a ton of games but
the main event you guys are gonna have
to wait till the end for this yard to
kind of two main events a gold watch
obviously not not real gold but an
Invicta gold watch and then a drone a
camera drone so those are going to be
the main events there's going to be a
baseball I don't know if it's gonna cut
through this this is like a like Clayton
Kershaw with a bar of soap a highlighter
whatever the hell and he said whatever
shoot we got a lot of things wait please
record fondly guys see there's so much
more pressure on me while I make this
video look at Bosley watching it's like
he's the director hey he just looked at
Jackie's bud hey he just looked at
Jackie's bud I swear he tried to be
slick I swear my dad and Bosley are
relationship goals like they love each
other so much okay guys so before we get
into the video I just want to say shout
out to my girlfriend from my outfit she
got me this mic record watch my first
time wearing it she also got me these
shoes which I'm in love with and they
matched the shirt that she didn't buy
this one for me but she picked this out
for me she bought me the shoes on the
watch and she said I look good so I have
to give her a shout out anyways work
site is the leading to Phoenix it's
tomorrow morning by the time you guys
watch this video we're going to be on
the plane we're going to be flying to
Phoenix we're excited we're going to be
there for a whole week almost six days
and I'm making a ton of
advanced this is one of them I don't
want to just leap to Phoenix and leave
you guys behind the Dell video so I'm
making a ton of videos today I'm going
to be up to like three four in the
morning
recording filming editing my videos so I
can have them up for you guys without
further ado let's get this show on the
road
chillin I'm sorry
oh wait what's his name
Bill Nye no bill no a lot the easy smart
though so now obviously it's called the
1,000 degree globe wing GL o w ing
blowing so we got to make it glow
Malcolm wearing makeup I would be the
one we gotta make it glow like Jackie
when she puts on the High Line wait babe
you could pick the first item I want
yeah
okay this was dangerous or flammable I
don't know if we should wear gloves we
know we shouldn't be doing this anyway
oh don't try this at home I forgot to
say I have the goggles on 11 models
gondola I ain't no per se well yeah okay
babe let's just do it
are you sure I wasn't raised like a
bitch oh la la la untie get burned
uh-huh hold on let me get closer hold on
wait how do you value cutting rural life
you're one of them I forgot the main
event is cutting through Japanese that
was a surprise till then because to my
heart everything how can we really call
Bobby
okay fine Phil it's going it's good
come on dumbass oh you're swallowing me
dream on I think the knife is gonna cut
before the thing no it's not gonna know
what you're her hand her finger okay
guys gone wrong
hey guys as you can see it did not work
no that won't want to fail let's do that
place over the bar of soap okay so
that's it let's get this blowing again
this was negative if then I doesn't go
through the soap I'm suing the company
that they made it go go go go go oh my
god oh hell yeah yeah cut it in half
get it get it get it get it
everyone did awful yeah this oh my let
me see now
Oh view oh the smell you know their self
was from back home the soap is from our
nights where can you smell into the
names from alright we keep it why should
I be brave oh my god and stay calm okay
oh my god please crack the garage open
please dad
okay so let's so let's get a look inside
of this shit okay but we can't waste so
we're gonna say this one wait look at
the colors oh it's pretty
where's my highlight I think my
girlfriend kid about the color of the
knife guide in Brian's video he cut
through a basketball and and I'm telling
you in my heart
he's waiting wait a minute hey hey oh no
she shit I have to show only the shower
go go go Wow okay down kiss Arledge no
it is he's going he's gonna keep going
it's like I'm cutting steak hey Toro let
show isn't Oh where's that carrot smells
so great yeah yeah yeah hey Kevin hey
this one was born let's get a good one
let's get how about
before you guys hate on me for burning a
shoe because I'll never burn a perfectly
good shoe I myself and so my mom would
rather donate a pair she pleaded but we
have no idea where the hell the other
pair of shoe is and the shoes you can't
tell
looks pretty bleached and just worn out
so I feel bad doing this we're gonna try
to cut through a shoe I don't know how
well tip the other way there's a mullet
though oh my god that's why I brought
the blue lighter Maya and that's why you
got to take risks wait am i huh well I
call you it could be safe you can't use
this on Kenyan you gonna buy me a new
one
ha better up his hands gonna burn okay
okay hold the other side Jackie oh my
god wait hold on we're getting through
this shoot
we are getting let's write down hold on
we need the mass that you know the
nailed oh yeah I swear man a ladies
we're at the salon I knew that I know
you do because this is a rubber grab I
got burn Robert Robert we're gonna die
before we get on the plane to Phoenix
carbon monoxide what they call it carbon
all right look at your eye do it do the
smile ah let's go Oh ready then feel the
heat big leak you're going Stephen okay
who the fuck invented this challenge
this is such a field ad you want to try
dad go okay guys so we couldn't get
through the shoe and Papa a wadis is
here to save the day he's gonna try to
get through the shoe himself raw on the
Science Guy my dad actually looks like a
mad scientist okay let's see big Ron cut
through the shoe oh my mom's here to
help too and my mom's waiting the gift
that Jackie got for Christmas everyone's
wearing the gifts
okay wait you look yellow yellow mellow
Carmelo Anthony dad careful Oh dad
careful
oh my god my dad just put me to shame
oh my gosh my dad my dad turn the fire
off is gonna burn is here yeah my dad is
the go Bosley something's gonna happen
Tolly
look at dad my dad is the go oh it
smells so bad let me know we have a dad
so do you think is gonna cut up yeah I
think something the man no no my dad is
literally gonna get the whole knife is
halt okay so next is the baseball
I think they officially used by plane
crash all right dad yeah or if it's you
buy a Wallace Chapman my god the smell
is terrible in here it is I'm looking
forward to meeting all you guys in
Phoenix I'm hosting a meet and greet
either on Wednesday or Thursday I'm not
a hundred percent sure yet it's going to
be the second me angry I've ever done in
my life and I'm so excited it's so fun
yeah we might die before we get to
Phoenix but if you're in the area please
come throughout look forward to now if
you're dead well okay you gotta come to
my funeral okay shut up that promise to
me I got a source of you uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
let me see hey more a cue ball of
someone to hold again yeah
no yama total of the doko kara believe
ya the ball should be between like
somewhere sitting probably failure again
wait now I know why Brian held the sword
cuz a small knife it burns um
another failure so now we're down to our
last three objects one two hey know what
no homo
that's outside you can't smell this mom
if we tried to cut through Bosley he
weighs like 600 pounds it would take so
long to cook oh my god the smell okay
what are we doing we're gonna go with
the watch that's not gonna you don't
think it's gonna cut no hell no god this
is 760,000 carrot no but really if
you're in the Phoenix area please come
through to the meet angry I want to
thank you for all the support that you
guys show me then Trista Oh God we're
telling the truth I'm so stressed out
after headed for public NGOs all tonight
I don't know how I'm gonna do it but I
don't want to leave you guys
empty-handed while I'm in Phoenix okay
connectivity the this hell no you know
what's gonna work that ox thing is gonna
work the wherever that is the spring
acts that ox socks
the spray max please work guys this is
such a fail so far
let's cut Brandon's booty I know
oh yeah shake shake that you got such a
big ass it's like a bubble but not thick
I'm like big for my proportional size
perfect huh
let's cook a lot no I won't can see you
huh uh you know what guys watch don't
throw it behind the couch okay it's a
fail
okay get this drone better you better
you're gonna get the drone and to make
up for the watch mom we need to do
Bosley we gotta do Bobby how about a
wheat full you'll be fine
you guys don't stress yourself out just
sit think about your vacation and how
much fun you're gonna have their nap
there I'm gonna go watch uh something
we're all just gonna lose I'm gonna be
even more stress know this use your
muscles don't you go to the gym every
day I go sit you to play that's why I
ain't no weightlifter okay so here's an
update on the video half of things we
tried to fail his smelled
no not like shit I wish you smelled like
shit right now smells really bad like
gas and everything rubber and the whole
knife is burning hot like right now my
hand is burning but it's so hot I don't
even feel it they need to do this right
it could go so good all right I've let
my dad down way too many times in my
life now that we got to make up for it
I'm just joking dad was our good kid
growing up you know yeah huh yes
aside from having different favorite
sport teams oh we actually we both like
if you were a perfect kid seriously
thanks mother very pretty both like the
charger so we could both suffer with
that just because our season five and
eleven and we lost the Browns last week
shit
tomato okay fine for all the day one
viewers oh shit tomatoes hey guys this
has to be good right here oh it's gone
good run hot my head
okay fuck me yousa Thomas's house
oh my god my hand it's down is going oh
yeah half metal knife it's a metal even
on the part that you hold it
fuck you drone go hold on no it did it
did Marco Bernie oh I'll get
electrocuted oh yeah my god the board
who decided to give me a knife that has
three metal parts on the handle and look
that looked down the middle of the
handle line from here yeah this isn't
right that I didn't need you couldn't
give me a guru I still want to attempt
to cut through it this was the main
event of the video let's keep going I
could've easily ended this video here
and been okay thank you for watching
but I promise you guys were gonna know I
promise you guys we're gonna cut through
the drone so we are going to cut through
this John the videos not end until we
cut through I really do apologize if you
wanted to see us at the meet and greet I
really don't think we're gonna make it
out here alive but woke up in tears this
morning as my cell died I get ya hmm
we're cutting where are you sure I'm not
gonna get electrocuted
no so no promises I might go retrieve
the batteries then you might wait got
tools I just meant oh there's a bunch of
wires if you know a few job okay oh
shoot we're going in okay what are you
get electrocuted cuz the wood that's
okay enough back home back home back
home yeah looks good from here
okay guys God do this for you guys Oh
oh it's cutting oh shit watch out guys
listen I promised 1.4 million supporters
or 1.3 and 75,000 supporters now I'm
gonna cut through the show you guys
could smell this shit oh my god oh no
listen guys I worked at Subway when I
was younger when I was like 16 or 17
years old and they taught us how to cut
bread oh hey can I have a 6 inch on
white yeah sure take the bread out and
you do this what yeah girl you want
turkey or tuna in you want to toast it
you got yo my car turnip lettuce tomato
cucumber fuck you be my god okay so the
toilet right
a subway employee of the month every
stop the kid okay guys so check out the
inside I cannot smell that doors no yes
mom hit up Tammy so we can get the I
know Tammy does nails too
yeah wait love mine crack today nice
tragic oh wait you yeah okay guys since
we didn't get to cutting the watch we're
going to do one more this right here
she's like I'm not messing around ten
jumping jacks ten push-ups I'm gonna be
playing so many basketball in Phoenix I
swear that's all I'm gonna do because
I'm meeting up with my boys and female
God listen if you're not ready I'm
meeting up with a bunch of my friends in
Phoenix I don't know if you guys are
prepared we're going to be playing
basketball Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday and Saturday we're going
to play basketball every single day that
we're there and I don't want to hear no
I'm tired oh my legs hurt no we're
playing basketball every day that were
there so remember that okay let's cut
through I'm starving I've been filming
and editing all day so I haven't ate
anything today oh go go go go this is
gold
Jesus Christ who gave me this knife oh
my god
yeah you got it
wait wasn't happy you cut through it oh
yeah okay what what what happened the
glue was at the time I was wondering why
cut through so easy because the glue is
at the top we just cut through an empty
container thing I know I said easy but I
still almost passed that what I'll try
to do it
teamwork makes dream work now I know why
this trend is dying down cuz you could
literally die down yeah look at that
water ball wedding green so taste good
relax oh you wanna Grammys they're not
blue oh my god okay now that's enough
we're going through the fucking blue we
are going through the damn blue and it's
coming out oh my god it's a wing it's
sizzling it's like a yeah it's like a
fajita from Chili's go go bill yeah oh
my god I was gonna smell this one we're
all gonna get hi mom hi let me know my
mom said we're gonna get hot she wants
to mom you can pick up some marijuana
down the street come on up smart I know
almost coming with a damn sword I know I
my strength hey you're gonna do it you
did it you did it
ah okay hold on Adele yeah yes at least
one worked
wait how are we gonna cut steak with
this knife no we gotta throw it away
Jim Hannah's mom where'd you get the
sword from there oh my god
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video please don't try
this at home
no I'm telling you seriously don't try
this at home if you guys are in the
Phoenix area I can't wait to meet all of
you guys I can't wait to see you guys
there and thank you for all the support
that you guys show me my second meetup
ever
hopefully second of many I go friend
giving me kissing face behind the camera
exactly ii need up up many more to come
honestly I want to travel around the
whole world and meet every single fan
that has ever showed me support I don't
know if I can do it but before I die I
want to travel every other world just to
meet all you guys this was I guess you
could say half fail have success anyways
I got to go edit a ton of videos to have
ready for the trip nonetheless thank you
guys so much for watching I love you
guys all
