what is going on for watch squad it's
the last day of 2016 there's Brian and
Jackie last day of 2016 it's crazy how
fast did this year go by this year like
I remember last New Year's perfectly oh
yeah
well why isn't it fuller well hold on
let it focus and needs to focus let it
focus we know you're gonna show my
pimples so the last day of 2016 and I'm
actually about to go to my barbershop
right now I need to go get a haircut so
quick little funny story for you guys
I had my haircut appointment tomorrow it
was supposed to be on Sunday January 1st
but then I sat down and I thought about
I was like I haven't got a haircut in 8
days 8 hey yeah and I had to start the
new year off right
so I call my barbells like yo Paul this
is an emergency
so we set up a little something and Paul
made extra time he's saying later at the
shop you to take me shoutout to my
barber Paul look I'm in need I don't
think I've been this dirty all year
actually no that's true this whole
entire year I did not go eight days
without getting a haircut until now so I
couldn't make it nine days I had to go
get a haircut we're about to leave to
the barbershop it's raining really hard
look watch guys oh my god you do that
is it hailing no way it doesn't snow in
San Diego the most we get is hail holy
shit Oh
it's freezing Brian house baldly gonna
shit people didn't believe me I tweeted
earlier today I'll like fine you make me
lose views get out of the frame babe
it's raining so hard put your lid on bin
put your Rodney hood on so I tweeted
earlier today I'll buy yo I haven't got
a haircut and I don't have an
appointment til tomorrow so I'm not
doing anything for New Year's I'm
staying home we got invited my mom and
dad I don't even know my mom and dad are
doing something we turned down their
offer all my friends are doing something
I turned down their offer because I
didn't get a haircut so I was gonna stay
home all night but I did get an
emergency here could appointment
thankfully so we're about to go get this
cut I don't sell male guys look oh my
god oh my god wait you know I'm
open-minded
so we're trying to find parking for my
barbershop and look there's literally
look do you see the car that just driver
drove over it it literally sunk it's
like a swimming pool
San Diego never gets this much rain this
is crazy for us God look at this it's so
deep
babe guys I don't know if you could tell
from this angle or it's so much worse in
person look
I still haven't I I guess me anxiety
I'm gonna pack the more I know that and
that gives me anxiety play which I don't
think anyone gives me more stressed and
breathable like you know when you get
stressed for him how do they call it
last minute type of person I'm like I
have to do it like but I'm good at rest
yeah I'm a last minute thing
hold on they know you today do today
seven eight seven she can yeah no it's
really good
eight days later no guys no this is aah
this is not fair okay hold on let me
tell the vlog and then you could do it
so as a joke I forgot in a relationship
were not allowed to joke I went up
behind Jackie with really really cold
eggs and I put them on her neck so I
took two eggs and as a joke I went up
behind Jackie and I went like that I put
on her neck and now Jackie is saying oh
I'm gonna be mad if you don't let me do
it back so go ahead do it back I forgot
we're not allowed to joke around in a
relationship just go actually no no I'm
allowed to joke I can put cold eggs on
your neck if I huh why did you get new
ones
no now she got new ones cuz those were
as cold just go go hey okay so now
everything I do you have to do it back
okay so when I give you a head how are
you supposed to do that back okay guys
so if you're wondering what we're doing
here we just came to Vaughn's to pick up
some food really quick we didn't want to
go to any drive-thru it's raining and so
all the dry foods are just backed up and
really busy so we just came down to
Vaughn's oh no Jackie saw the cookies
we're gonna be here for another hour so
we're gonna pick up some food some apple
cider and then go home
appropriate to sell
I mean 20s it's almost 2017 and this is
what the world has come to dick shaped
cupcakes or is that not a dick this is a
dick what is how many balls for ball
three three heads
yum time for my first meal of 2017 and
Bosley thinks she's gonna get some Basel
you can't eat Bagel Bites
okay so Bosley starting 2017 out with a
pimple right by his I know what's up
buddy so there's gonna be my first meal
of 2017 a healthy dose of Bagel Bites I
couldn't choose something healthier for
2017 oh well I never said my new year's
resolution was gonna be to eat healthy
so at least I'm not lying look am I the
only one who chooses the one with the
most pepperoni so let's see oh this one
has a lot of cheese so that's a good one
this one looks loaded so that's one that
one has a lot of empty bread so we won't
use that one that one has too much sauce
so we won't use this too much sauce it's
too much sauce we'll use this let's see
this looks good this one I don't know
what the fuck the fact makers do to this
one but they pushed half the to the side
but anyways my first meal of 2017 a
healthy dose of Bagel Bites well not
really healthy but that's what I like to
tell myself anyways guys look at the
time 2:12 I don't know if you could tell
to 12 a.m. I don't even know why this
dude's awake Bosley why are you awake
just remember next year when it turns
2018 first of all that sounds so weird
to say 2018 I don't know but when it
turns 2018 I'm gonna ask all of you guys
I'm gonna ask what was my first meal of
2017 and you guys are gonna have to
answer for Bagel Bites so don't forget
it I'm literally starting 2017 off
eating just as unhealthy as I was in
2016 oh well not my fault not my problem
well actually it is my fault but still
Bosley look you can't eat all day that's
not good for you your belly is literally
touching the floor that can't happen bro
give me five good boy that's your
exercise for the day okay now give me
your hand he's only doing this because
he thinks I'm giving him food guys am I
the only one who stops microwave right
now so it doesn't make noise except for
the fact that there's still frozen so I
have to put it for more time mas tiempo
I think that's how you say it
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka April waters and I just want to talk
to you guys for a little while first of
all I want to start by wishing everybody
a Happy New Year I hope everybody had a
lot of fun last night and I hope
everybody was safe didn't go too crazy
and I hope everybody enjoyed the year
2016 if you didn't enjoy your 2016
that's why 2017 is here to make it
better I just want to tell you guys
pretty much how much this year meant to
me I think honestly thing there were a
lot of cool things that happened to me
this year if you don't feel like
listening to this you could X out the
video but if you want to hear me out you
could stay this past year may be known
to everybody else as just 2016 but to me
this year was truly the year that
changed my life the year that changed
Brandon Awad is his whole entire life I
was just so blessed in so many different
ways this year I can't begin to explain
it so many blessings came my way from
YouTube to the love of my life my
girlfriend I'm just so grateful I was so
blessed this past year so many blessings
and I don't know where to start so first
and foremost I just want to say for all
of you guys I hope for whatever goal you
set for 2017 that you reach it not just
reach I hope you blast what you exceeded
whether that's a weight loss weight gain
like myself I want to gain some weight
whether that's a YouTube goal a sports
goal a goal that you set in school
whatever maybe everybody has different
goals I hope that not only you reach it
but you just exceeded and I know a lot
of people are gonna say oh I don't get
why people set goals the new year is
just a number you're still the same
person and in a lot of ways that is true
2017 is just a number but think about as
when you're playing a video game like
you're playing Mario and you lose the
level so you have to start the level
over is it the same exact level
it's just a level yes but when you start
over it's like in your head like okay
I'm gonna beat this level it's still the
same level that you just lost but in
your head you're like okay I started
over now I'm gonna win
same as the new year let's say you had a
bad 2016 and then 2017 comes and some
people are like it's just another year
yeah it is just another year but it's
like you're starting over it's like okay
let me start fresh it's all a mental
thing so like I said I hope everybody
reaches their goals don't let anybody
tell you you can't do what you want to
do because you're the only person who
could stop yourself some people could be
roadblocks some people could be little
obstacles in your way but at the end of
the day if you want to do something
you're gonna do it you're the only
person who could stop yourself so my
2016 let me just say the best year of my
life in every way you look at it I just
don't know how everything that happened
was possible first off let's start off
with YouTube because that is the most
important thing to me right now
I ended 2015 with I'd say around a
hundred thousand YouTube subscribers
maybe a hundred twenty-five thousand you
look at it now almost 1.4 million subs I
think I have one million three hundred
seventy thousand that is insane over 1
million YouTube subscribers in one year
are you kidding me thank you guys so
much thank you everybody who clicked
that subscribe button
thank you so much that's crazy
I'm telling you I ended the year with
about a hundred thousand maybe 150 I
don't even think I had 150 and now
sitting here over 1 million almost 1.5
mil is just insane thank you guys so
much and you know what the crazy thing
is I tweeted at the end of 2015 you know
what I said
I sent my youtube goal for 2016 is 750
thousand subscribers we almost doubled
that we literally almost double my goal
we're sitting here almost 1.5 million
subs almost double that's insane and
actually you know why the tweet says ok
fine
750 thousand subs that's because my
first tweet said I want to reach 500
thousand and then all of you guys
tweeted back to me saying bro you're
easily going to hit 500 thousand you're
easily going to hit it so that's when I
tweeted ok fine 750 thousand my goal was
just five hundred thousand so honestly I
almost
my goal I only thought I was going to
hit 500k and then you guys talked me
into tweeting 750k
but if we're being honest I didn't think
I was going to hit 750k when you guys
were tweeting me saying bro 500,000
you're gonna get that easily change it
to 750 in my head I was like yo that's
not gonna happen but whatever I do it to
please you guys so I just wrote 750 no
that's crazy
people were tweeting saying yo bro chill
you're not gonna hit 750 five hundred
thousand was enough it's too much that's
too much
no guys thank you so much I words cannot
begin to express how I feel
thank you guys so much and honestly like
I said I never thought we were gonna hit
750,000 didn't even think we're gonna
hit 500,000 so much love to all you guys
I'm not just gold YouTube wise but my
goals were reached in terms of Phoenix
Suns wise so I had a couple of my
favorite athletes follow me on Twitter
Eric Bledsoe Devin Booker
which was crazy in its own part and then
to top that off I actually met up with
them and they came down to San Diego
they hit me up Eric Bledsoe Devin Booker
they hit me up like yo we're in your
city yo that's crazy this is a team that
I grew up like idolizing this is a team
that I grew up I stayed up late nights
and woke up early mornings just to read
all about them just to watch them on TV
wore all their jerseys ever since I was
a kid I would get made fun of at school
because I went to school in San Diego so
everybody's like a Lakers fan and I'm
over here in my son shirts and Sons hats
this is a team that I just loved and I
thought you know maybe one day I can go
to a Phoenix Suns game maybe and Here I
am going to the games they follow me on
Twitter they're inviting me to places
with them it's just wow that's that's
what if you love a sports team you know
how if you're not a sports fan you're
probably like okay who cares you got
invited by some random people who play
sports you guys want to understand but
if you follow a sports scene for example
if you're a Lakers fan or a Cowboys fan
imagine if for example if you're a
Cowboys fan
imagine if dak Prescott and Zeke
followed you guys on Twitter and invited
you over to hang out with them imagine
if DLO DeAndre Russell and Julius Randle
and Joe
Clarkson all follow on Twitter and
invited you like wow it's just 2016 has
been so good to me and then obviously
last but not least my relationship me
and my girlfriend me and Jackie we ended
2015 dating and now we end 2016 still
dating obviously nothing's perfect
but we took so many big steps in this
relationship not marriage not a baby but
what I mean is that at the end of 2015
we were such I guess you could say we
were so young into the relationship it's
just crazy how so much changed our
relationship it built so much what ended
in 2015 where she was just my girlfriend
now and 2016 where she's my girlfriend
my best friend and my future wife and
it's just crazy we've taken so many
steps in this relationship over this
past year she was speaking to me last
night and it really hit me she was just
telling me like everything we've been
through this past year is if you think
if you sit down and thing about it is
crazy like not everybody goes through
what we went through we experienced so
much we had so many opportunities and
we're looking forward to more years
together so yes for those wondering 2016
was our first full year together we
started dating around halfway towards
the end of 2015 so 2016 was our full
first year together and we just
developed such a stronger bond so we
can't wait to see what 2017 hits us with
who knows maybe baby Broadus maybe
marriage no I'm just joking don't get
don't don't get carried away so yeah we
were dating in 2015 but I can gladly
look back at 2016 as the year where I
found out that this was the love of my
life I found out that Jackie Jacqueline
for those who don't know that's her real
name Jacqueline is going to be my future
wife I 2016 made me realize that Jackie
is the girl I want to marry I love you
baby my year would not have been as good
as it was without you anyways last but
not least I just want to say thank you
guys because Wow 2016 working my ass off
editing videos late night filming videos
all day to get to where I'm at today and
nothing has changed it pays off I'm
telling you if I didn't stay up all
those late nights editing my videos if I
didn't wake up early mornings before my
college classes editing my videos and
filming I would not be able to see here
and say hey I have almost 1.4 million
subs I would not be able to make this
speech if I didn't work
hard so hard work really does pay off
thank you guys so much I love you so
much none of this would be possible
without you
you guys made 2016 the best year of my
life you guys decided to make 2016 the
year that was going to change my life
forever all of you guys the Brevard
squad you guys all made me happy and I
just I love you guys for that you guys
watching this video right now are the
reason why 2016 was so special to me
robot squad thank you so much I can't
wait to see which new members jump into
the robot squad but for the ones that
are already part of the robot squad
thank you so much because if it wasn't
for you guys 2016 would just be another
year to me but instead you guys made it
the year that the here that made robot
is the year that just made me happy I
have a really really really busy day
ahead of me I have to make more videos I
have to film edit and upload four
different videos today because I'm
leaving to Phoenix Arizona tomorrow
morning tomorrow morning I'm going to be
flying to Phoenix Arizona and I'm gonna
be there for almost a week and I didn't
want to leave you guys and be like yo
hey I'm taking a break from YouTube for
one week no videos for you guys no I'm
gonna work really really hard today to
get as many videos done as I could and
I'm gonna schedule them so that when I'm
in Phoenix on my vacation I guess that
you guys aren't gonna be left with
nothing I'm gonna work to get videos
done for you guys every single day I
don't know if I could do it because it's
long enough to make one video a day so
for me to try to make 4 or 5 videos
today is going to be really tough I'm
gonna try my best I don't want to leave
you guys empty-handed
you guys have done so much for me I
don't want to just leave you guys behind
for a whole week Oh guys and you know I
stand by my motto do today do today my
luggage is it packed yet I still haven't
made the videos which I'm going to work
on today and I need to book a hotel
we're leaving tomorrow and I haven't
booked on without whatever that's beyond
my point one last time whatever goal you
set for 2017 if someone comes up to you
and says oh you can't reach that goal
you can't do this you can't do that just
remember the only person who can stop
you from setting your goals is yourself
so if you don't want yourself to stop
don't tell yourself to stop just keep
going and everybody watching this video
I want you to set a goal for 2017 and
then at the end of 2017
right when 2018 is about to start I want
you guys to come back to me whether
that's common
on this video commenting on my video
from next year and just tell me yo
Brandon bruh wadis I hit my goal I want
you guys to say that to me because I
want you guys to all reach your goals
you know what here at the end of this
video let's set a goal YouTube
subscribers cuz I want to come back next
year and look at this moment so I'm at
almost 1.4 million subs which is
actually insane I can't even say that
number without kind of freaking out
inside my head it kind of like triggers
like 1.4 million people okay I gained a
little over 1 million subs this past
year I want to say 2 mil but I feel like
people are gonna be like bro aim higher
shoot for the stars so I'm gonna go with
2.5 million subs I'm tempted to say 3
mil but honestly I don't know maybe I'm
doubting myself too much I don't know if
I could reach 3 mil by the end of this
year I don't know if I could ever reach
3 mil that's a crazy crazy number three
million Nolet let's go with two point
five mil if I were to ever hit three mil
I'm not even talking by the end of 2017
even if it's 2025 if I were to ever hit
3 mil oh my god my head is almost
exploding just thinking about that no
let's not get carried away I don't know
about 3 mil but let's set the goal to
2.5 million subs I want to see the
number two and a half million
subscribers next to my name by December
31st 2017 and I want to come back to
this moment right now and look back on
this video and say look robot squad we
did it thanks to you guys is that a
reasonable goal yes no I don't know
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching enjoy the new year and I hope
2017 is already going well for you guys
much love thank you so much for the best
year of my life 2016 because if it
wasn't for you guys my ear would not be
this good I don't know if there's any
way 2017 can be better I just don't know
if that's possible but we're gonna try I
don't know if any year of my life can be
better than 2016 but we'll see thank you
guys so much for watching and I love you
guys all and if we're being honest I
would not have won in 2016 to be any
other way
sure you could say oh but don't you wish
you got 5 million subscribers in 2016
don't you
got to play for the sun's not just hang
out with them well yeah all that would
be nice
but if we're being honest I love 2016
just the way it was and I wouldn't
change anything about it not my YouTube
subscribers not my relationship not
anything that happened in 2016
everything happens for a reason
