so I just what you guys are about to see
is gonna blow your mind I just don't I'm
oh babe I really feel like chills down
my neck when I talk about it so Brian
what's the first thing that we literally
just looked at it and we're like this
house looks haunted like visiting up and
the one was watching us when you guys
take the picture Brian Jackie save the
pictures it's not in the memories that's
the last thing in her memories
it's not on her camera roll either it
literally disappeared like it did I
don't know just in a scary movie that's
what it looked like and we were like we
pulled out our phone and we were
snapchatting we were like making jokes
we were like oh this house looks so
haunted guys so we're going house
shopping if this isn't the most haunted
house I've ever seen in my life look at
this it's like the table and Esteban got
possessed and Zach and Brian went
upstairs by himself he wasn't even
scared fuck that I'm not going anywhere
by myself in this house this is so
haunted yo ho yo ho who would live in
this room look the rocking chair the
wallpapers from the fucking Exorcist the
bed is the Exorcist the mirror is the
ring oh there's so many rooms there's
literally like nine bedrooms I swear I
can have sexual intercourse in so many
rooms I can have sexual intercourse in
here in the balcony
okay come close the door fuck the girl
doesn't fit oh my god I'm aroused ahaha
I took the picture wait so can I speak
with the man who's selling this house I
would say why the fuck are you sign is
house what part of it is possessed where
does it go slave who are you something
to shit this is the chair where that
Anibal doll sits and watches you while
you're sitting here I like this Brian
this is Annabelle the movie this is
where they filmed it in this room is Oh
the mirror you remember her okay so what
is going on you guys Brandon here aka
paratus I know I promised a basketball
video today but no like I'm sorry but
that can wait till tomorrow what
happened today is something that was the
creepiest most insane
just craziest thing that has ever
happened to me in my life and I had to
share it with you guys today I couldn't
wait on it I couldn't put it off I had
to share with you guys today I just what
you guys are about to see is gonna blow
your mind I just don't I'm on babe I
really feel like chills down my neck
when I talk about it so in case you guys
don't know the whole fan situation where
these fans that come to our house and
disrespect our property and everything
has gone really really bad and so me and
my brother have made efforts to stop
this but it just keeps getting worse so
we started looking at houses we started
talking to a real estate agent and
looking at new houses around the area in
more of a gated community so that these
fans or should I say haters I don't know
stop showing up now before I keep going
with this story nothing is set in stone
nothing is for sure we are not for sure
moving we're just looking at new houses
just in case this problem gets worse but
our family has talked with a lot of
security guards a lot of cops and me and
my brother have both made efforts to
stop all these fans from disrupting our
privacy and disrupting our property we
plan on staying in this house but we did
decide to go look at some new houses
around the area just in case like I said
we're not for sure moving we are most
likely going to stay in this house but
we decided why not just look at them
just in case
anyways that's beyond the point while we
were looking at houses we came across
the first house that we were going to
look at and instantly right when we saw
it me Jackie and my brother we looked at
each other and we were like yo this
house looks haunted haha you know it
just looks haunted it looks looks like a
house where ghosts would being we were
just joking around our real estate agent
opens the door we walk into the home and
we all start snapchatting cuz it I'm not
gonna lie it did look haunted right when
we walked in we kind of got this vibe
like someone or something was telling us
don't come inside
don't buy this house don't look at this
house I just got the five I got kind of
like these chills and I don't know but
we were all just looking at the house so
we all started snapchatting we were like
oh haha this house is haunted this looks
like this haunted movie you know we were
just joking around and we start walking
around the house and the more we got
deeper into the house the more we kind
of felt like yo the haunted jokes aren't
really jokes anymore this house really
feels haunted it just looked really old
and it looked like a mansion it was
really nice but those creepy mansions
and so oh I can't even talk about I keep
getting chills and it scares me I swear
like the hairs on my neck keep standing
up so we're looking at the house right
and we just keep making these snapchats
I made some snapchat saying yo this
house is haunted blah blah blah Brian
made some snapshots Jack made some
sachets and so me and Jackie are in this
room alone everybody else is looking at
the house by themselves and me and
Jackie were in this room and oh my god I
don't even want to say it like it just
scares me and it's gonna scare me even
worse to look at the picture when I put
it in the vlog but you guys need to see
this Jackie goes hey babe let's take a
picture and I'm like okay whatever so
we're taking a picture and we take it
Jackie posted on her snapchat story
right Jackie posted the picture on your
snapchat story and what we saw or not us
because we tried to look at it and the
picture was gone the picture was deleted
I don't know how Jackie also saved the
picture to her camera because every time
we take a picture together on snapchat
she saves it just in case you want
supposed to later on like on Instagram
or Twitter it was gone so thankfully
somebody tweeted it to us and what we
saw is something that I can never ever
get out of my head what you guys are
about to see I'm going to share the
picture with you guys
what you are about to see is going to if
you don't believe in ghosts or if you
don't believe in demons or creepy little
things like myself I never believed in
those you are going to believe it after
this so you guys know how my brother
would just witness all these little
ghost things inside our home every time
you would tell me about it because
nothing ever happened to me so every
time my brother would tell me his
stories I would be like yeah yeah
whatever and I didn't really believe him
now after today after what we saw holy
crap so I'm gonna stop the story here
i'ma let you guys see
what we saw if you're easily afraid or
if you don't like creepy horror things
then I don't suggest you watch the rest
of this video I just can't believe it
I'm sitting here about to edit this vlog
scared out of my mind I have chills
across my neck I just don't know what to
say like I said the second we stepped
into that house I just I don't want to
say I heard something but I just felt
this vibe go through my body and it was
pretty much it was someone or something
saying don't look at this house don't
buy this house like oh my god I keep
getting chills just talking about it
this is so weird
I hope you enjoy the rest of this video
I just I don't know what to say
I really really do not know what to say
other than this is easily the freakiest
creepiest and scariest thing that has
ever happened to my whole entire life
without further ado I'm talking too much
here's the video
Oh guys holy shit what the fuck
babe shoulders no no let me see your
phone let me see your snapchat story
right now guys look at this
so Jackie posted a snapchat story of me
and her and she didn't delete it look so
there are her snapchat stories that
picture is not here anymore
I like babe why would you delete our
picture with action ah she's like I
didn't delete it and it's not there on
her story anymore okay we check Twitter
somebody screenshot the picture and sent
to me and said there's a face did you
see the face I was so scared you saw
someone screenshot that way try it no
the second we pull up to the house were
like this looks haunted like so we look
at the picture that someone tweeted to
me and there's a face in the mirror then
we go to Jackie snapchat the picture is
not there she didn't delete a waiting on
what
get the fuck Brian dry faster babe here
so freaked out right now
we were like oh this one's haunted we
just said that like as a joke oh it is
we're at the next one Brian holy shit
are you blowing up the personals no but
I wasn't planning on vlogging but what
the fuck right I just checked Twitter
for fun we're in the car wat we see the
face in the mirror the creepy girl and I
was like I was like babe let me check
your snapchat let me check if if that
girl is in your snapchat story we go to
us now jack it's deleted the picture is
gone whoa
I don't know
Gilbert mom dad come here right now
just come here okay so me and Jesse took
a snapchat in that all we did was we
took a picture right and someone
screenshot and tweeted it to me saying
there's a face okay so here's the
picture look come on man
look in the mirror okay holy hold on
hold on that's not it I said babe let me
check the snapchat to see maybe this
girl just like edit it in the snapshots
deleted it's no other story I didn't
even touch it where's my picture yeah
where you guys said when we walked in we
said I was on the overall look and the
whole that's and I thought the girl who
tweeted to me like maybe she edited the
face in so I said I can't find it I
can't even find a picture I was
observing by myself yeah what right I
promise you that looks like a girl's
faces you know the two that stand in the
hall actually terrified and said that's
what I was just doing I'm a woman of God
no babe oh my god oh my gosh so cross
that house off the list for sure
oh my gosh you see why I don't want to
move I'd rather live in our home then
move into a haunted home mom that's what
I was thinking no I thought the girl
from Twitter maybe just edit it in so I
went to check Jackie's story to see the
real one and it wasn't there anymore I
don't know she did not delete the
snapchat and there's no way that girl
edited and edited the facing cuz she
tweeted it was like one second after
Jackie posted the story this is so
creepy this is insane what is this a
built-in basketball hoop I choose this
house for sure
mom we can stop searching this one has a
basa loop so this is the one for sure
let's stop searching for it wait Brian
I'm still freaked out by that picture
what the fuck how about we don't ever go
back to that house again
guys I keep trying to tell myself maybe
that girl who tweeted us a picture just
edited that face in but there's no way
she screenshot it and tweeted it to us
right after Jackie posted it and then
the picture was gone just deleted off
her story when we got to the house I
swear we were joking around we're like
oh this house is haunted Brian went
upstairs by himself and I was like Oh
Brian how did you robot
like we were just making snapchats of
how the house was haunted as a joke
little did we know I'm not are you crazy
why do you want to take another picture
in the bathroom babe no she literally
asked me can we take another picture in
the bathroom I said hell no Brian is
literally having an orgasm every single
house that was happening I need to go
people I'm not only a gossip I myself if
you want to come on me I'll go guys I
know why I'm so scared of all the houses
why me and Brian are so scared because
my mom ever since we were kids used to
make us watch so many scary movies I
need you to admit it mom and Gilbert
knows guns used to babysit us why are we
so scared of the houses why because all
you guys did as kids was watch scary
movies except because of my mom my mom
forced us to watch The Exorcist
my mom made us watch The Exorcist when
we were like two years old well look at
us now where's my kids they go to
Blockbuster oh where are the comedy or
canes or cartoons we would go as little
kids um hi worker where are the horror
movies the worker would be like bitch
what wait these are frogs listen we're
back home I love this place I love this
home I swear I never want to move before
being on this I love this car I love
this garage door I love these
basketballs I love Bosley
oh my gosh
that little goes go probably raped him
what your phone hasn't been working babe
oh my god hey Bosley by Jackie's phone
has been like laggies it's not so much
snapchats our failed to sing from the
haunted house yeah wait babe and what
did you say you saved the picture and
it's not there guys so Jackie had saved
that snapchat too when she posted as she
saved it to a camera and it's not in her
camera and it's not in the memories on
snapchat it's not in her memories either
babe that is so weird wait show it to
them it doesn't make sense look guys
look watch the end of this snapchat look
watch it hold on do you see how like we
showed again how kind of like glitches
watch there and that was the last
snapchat we took before the picture got
deleted so this is the one that glitches
and then right in between was was the
picture of us and that's gone now and
then that's in the next house so that
picture is gone but Jackie saved the
picture she saved it because she saves
all of our pictures just in case she
wants to post them on Instagram or
Twitter go to the memories it's not in
the memories that's the last thing in
her memories and then it's not in her
camera roll either yeah and then look
it's not in the camera roll either
it literally disappeared like it
disappeared that's insane it disappeared
from a whole phone that's crazy and a
little bit off hey like I don't know
what to say that was by far the
creepiest thing I have ever witnessed in
my life think about it
look through my channel there's no ghost
videos every time Brian would talk about
the ghosts in our house I kind of be
like yeah yeah whatever cuz nothing
happened to me everything would happen
to Brian or my mom or my dad but nothing
ever happened to me so I kind of never
really believed it and now we go to this
house I'm telling you look at my whole
snapchat story right when we got there I
was like oh this house looks haunted and
I was making jokes I even made a joke
like oh I want to talk to the seller of
this house and I want to ask him why is
he selling it is it possessed it just he
just gave us a vibe that it was like
someone was telling us don't buy this
house it felt like there were spirits in
there and it just felt like we weren't
comfortable in there we just felt a vibe
saying like get out of this house get
out of this house even like before we
even notice anything scary we were all
already making jokes like like oh he
went over there by himself housing he
scared or oh look at this room it looks
so scary we weren't being serious we
were just joking because it looked
haunted little did we know there was a
freaking girl I don't know guys I just
don't know I don't even want to look at
the picture again but I'm gonna have to
see it when I edit so I am NOT looking
forward to editing this video especially
this late at night I know it's one thing
to see the girl in the picture it's
another thing that Jackie saves the
statuette and it's not in her camera
roll then it's not in her memories it's
another thing that it's deleted off of
her snapchat story like what all of our
other snapshots are still there every
single one but that one is deleted thank
you so much to the girl who tweeted it
to us because it was not on Jackie
snapchat story right after you tweet it
is so this could all be just a huge
coincidence and that girl could be I
guess a shadow or a form of club I'm
getting chills just like talking about I
swear this is by far the creepiest thing
that's ever happened to me cross that
house off the list if we even move like
I said we weren't looking seriously we
were just looking just in case the whole
fan situation gets worse so nothing is
for sure yeah that house is definitely
crossed off the list I don't want to see
that picture ever again in my whole
entire life no I don't even know man no
I'm telling you like I feel like
children Wow
for someone who didn't who never really
believed in any ghost stuff or spiritual
stuff I'm telling you the second I
walked into that house I was like wait
this feels kind of like we shouldn't be
here like something or somebody was
telling us like get out of this house
anyways I apologize for not uploading
the basketball video that will be up
tomorrow I just thought this was really
really urgent you guys needed to know
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys enjoy the rest of your Friday
and hopefully that didn't freak you out
too much because it definitely freaked
me and my girlfriend now that changed
our whole life babe that changed my life
I don't care guys I even
had a video while me and Jackie were
taking that picture and I was laughing I
was like oh haha I'm around I was just
joking
but I had a video while jackie was
taking the picture I'm aroused then ah
ha ha
I took the picture I don't even want to
watch that video anymore even thinking
of being in that room just kind of gives
me like oh no no I I'm gonna clear my
memory I'm not going to think about that
ever again after I upload this video
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'm glad I'm able to share these
scariest creepiest freakiest thing that
has ever happened to me in my life with
you guys thank you for watching this
video and I hope you enjoy your date
such a fun-filled beautiful adventurous
day and now it ends my depression begins
now once the sun's game starts cuz you
all know what that means that means my
depression comes in guys I said how
watching the sun's game is depression
and what did you say dee dee meets the
Great Depression the greatest you know
how there's two Great Depression there's
just me the greatest depression no
dating Jackie's my greatest happiness
mmm I like look I don't like the ones
that I've folded in half this is how you
make a depression from the sons game Oh
dragon bender siding there's how you
make a depression from the sons game
better a foot rub from a hot sexy
girlfriend okay pick up the phone
one of the houses had a phone next to
the toilet and I told him even when
you're going on the potty I can still
call an argue yeah guys there was a
phone right next to the toilet and all
she thought about was oh we can still
argue when we go potty
so I said so that just shows how you're
a crazy latina yeah good now I will take
responsibility yeah you always Targ you
it's about food like this we are the
same round fit yeah the same round face
my mom came through with the Mexican
food shoutout my mom carne asada plate
carne asada plate part 2 and carne asada
fries I don't know if they sell carne
asada fries everywhere but if you guys
haven't tried them so good
