it is time to start editing my
girlfriend fell asleep but it's like the
only time I have to start grinding don't
stop hard work pays awesome you don't
get any sleep
no why are you so mad at me I'm just
doing my video yeah you have a slip
which it makes me mad cuz on your bags
get bigger and you don't use my clean
that I got oh so you don't think my eye
bags are sexy yes with in yes they are
but then you're sleeping for the rest of
the day no I still play basketball
that's not only this is about you being
awake to slaves you know what okay I'm
touching the cold feet no cold feet on
your tummy know what my kick you okay
kick my weight fully it's so bad because
I want to play basketball tomorrow
morning meaning I have to finish my
video right now if I don't finish my
video at night it means I have to do in
the morning and that means I can't play
basketball in the morning but if I
finish my video at night that means I
can play that on the morning that's the
reason I'm awake so late
you know guys 6:00 a.m. and I'm finally
done I have about 2 or 3 hours to go to
sleep hard work really does pay off now
I get to play that's all in the morning
are you ready mom I'm sorry I wish I can
eat trust me I smell and it smells
really good
but I woke up kind of late guys oh my
god my hair oh my god I need a haircut
tomorrow but anyways guys it's time to
go to the gym I want to show you guys
I'm whipping out the new hardens my
first time wearing them the shoes that
my girlfriend got me for Christmas
I'm gonna break them in J it's time to
go
Judd oh the rocket aka James Harden's
team just beat the sun's for action they
killed us they they embarrassed us on
the
so it's going to be kind of hard wearing
these shoes but honestly these are way
too nice to be like Oh James Harden
beater so I'm not gonna wear the look
but I'm not gonna wear them till we get
to the gym I'm just gonna put on my
slippers cuz I don't want to ruin the
grip of the shoe so I'm not gonna wear
them outside I'm only gonna wear them
inside the gym if you notice for my old
basketball shoes I'll wear them in the
street I would wear them on the way to
the gym cuz I didn't care about them
they were super old and super worn out
at this point but these ones are new so
I want to keep the grip fresh I'm only
gonna wear them on the basketball court
okay guys let go Brian look all those
new fast ball shirts for Christmas and
I'm still wearing this one got I
legitimately got like four or five new
shirts to play basketball in on
Christmas and I'm still wearing the
white one with the silver pocket tee I
love this one so I'm slipping the slides
in yup one slipping and sliding I could
swim it on that it's listen it's like
okay guys so my girlfriend okay whose
house is this
no I'm just joking I know I said she
looks hot so look she just got her nails
done let's see what color put the xanax
down I'm just joking guys it's just
headache pills we both have headaches
okay let's see the nails hold on let it
focus let us know that it's no Leo show
my cut
Asli oh my gosh Bobby's traumatized he's
never getting on this couch again just
because Jackie tried to take a picture
the meals going crazy but but we did get
the picture and it actually came out
nice
ok so these are the nails how long does
it take to freakin focus okay so the
nails did and she's wearing both of the
things I got it matches my nails the
movado watch and then the Michael Kors
bracelet we got them fitted yesterday
yesterday we actually went to the mall I
know I said I'll never go back to the
mall
rocket I literally said I'm never going
back to the mall to Christmas shopping
wait where did we go last night cuz
Jackie bought me a watch for Christmas a
Michael Kors one and I had to get that
adjusted because it was too big and then
I got Jackie a watch for Christmas and
she had to get that adjusted so we got
that out the way babe way I'm showing
them my watch what we're going to
Applebee's so look here's the Michael
Kors watch watch I'll show you guys babe
it's actually so nice so here's the
watch we are in love with each other
it's gifts Jackie's in love with my
heart ins I'm scared she's gonna steal
them back for herself she keeps saying
if I play best well I would wear those
but you don't laugh and what you guys
can't see not only she wearing the watch
knowledge she wearing the bracelet but
she's also wearing the bra that I bought
her why are you gonna put on the pink
nightgown later it sit in it really I
bought her like a pink what do you call
that
it's like lace I can take off the laces
I'm literally this right now this is not
my face hat what were you texting me in
the morning Oh heading to the gym you
were so late because Jackie saw how late
I stayed up and I almost woke up late to
the gym could you imagine if I stayed up
that long and that late working on my
video all to not play basketball I
literally woke up looked at the time I
jumped out of bed no I flew out of bed
like The Exorcist I was like this
like that jump to the bathroom brush my
teeth hopped in the damn car didn't even
eat anything I still haven't ate and I
raced over to the gym but I woke up
thanks to my girlfriends text she
spammed my phone so I can wake up and go
play basketball she was getting her
nails done and she's like babe OMG wake
up wake up go play
she called me multiple times so thanks
for how I woke up got to play basketball
I saw my boy ollie shout out shout out
shout out to the Jersey shout out I saw
Lee Ollie and Jordan actually they were
both there we played some basketball
wait babe he has a name okay bother you
want to go on the couch and take another
picture with Jackie guys look how scared
he got cuz he hates when Jackie holds
him come on let's go on let's go on the
couch and take another picture with
Jackie let's go Bosley haha you
traumatize him guys Bosley why are you
so mad I want to scratch his belly look
at how angry rub-a-dub-dub rubbadubbers
lee he actually looks like so relaxed
Bosley you need a oil wipe
he needs a oil wipe right here oh my God
look at wait Bosley has such a strong
chest I think it benches actually yeah
he probably benches like three plates on
each side Bosley benches like 500 pounds
no I'm serious Bosley's actually like
fish like he walks like this his chest
to sell out know that always ask me what
I'm playing like it's so closer than at
the end the other team Brian so I tried
to play computer last night I literally
lost by like 40 know what guys I'm tell
you I suck at video games I was playing
rocking and it was a close game and I'm
like oh maybe I still got it in me you
know I was playing Brian the other night
I beat Brian so I'm like okay maybe I
still got it in me it's time to set up
this ps4 and play myself I played
computer and I lose by like 40 maybe
that's the salsa Sun so not the best
choice of team look out what a princess
you are the pink watch pink bracelet
pink nails and you even have the pink
fuzzy thing on her
because you're being mean to me Oh guys
way babe go out someone commented this
on my other video made me laugh someone
said I don't think his mom says it but I
feel like she hates Jackie I could kind
of tell this is what I said I said my
mom openly called Jackie her best friend
like she openly has said it in the vlogs
I Jack their best friend my mom and
Jackie text and call each other randomly
they talk to each other and multiple
times mom how many times have I came
home from the jammer came home from the
mall yeah
Jackie's here with you and I don't even
know about it like just randomly my mom
and Jackie hang out together without
even telling me but yeah my mom hates
Jackie I love Jackie seriously yeah sure
yes and I consider her family so I don't
care mom I'm pretty sure someone who
come to that can't tell the difference
between cuz you know you and Jackie
always joke around they probably can't
tell the difference between a joke oh no
there goes Bosley sunbathing again
he should sunbathe like Bora and the
green have you seen the green okay guys
so we're here with the one the only
faith rug I'm just joking haha I was
gonna be like Austin I saw I already go
like this
so Blaziken enter the building there's
our first time meeting I've met the
first day of my birth dad no baekje yeah
fakie was the first phase member I ever
met I met adapt a couple months ago
there's a third phase number I've ever
met and now that their closest exchange
member you've ever the sickest one what
okay oh yeah wait I've met phase drug
two in case you guys didn't know like
like at age one for you well yeah I got
two I'm lucky I got VIP I got to me
Brian everything okay
but um wait was I gonna say I hate when
this happens
right yeah I should see that bro he's
 hilarious like he like sure dude
that's me the like so I just finished
editing my video Brian's working on his
video and blaziken's working on his
video but after they're all done we're
gonna head over to the gym and
tomorrow's video is actually going to be
a 1v1 me versus Blaziken I'm kind of
hurt because he walked into our home or
the Golden State Warriors t-shirt like
I'm hurt any editor he knocked on my
door and like step to my room on the way
do you see the room like you can't I'll
be back I'll let you guys finish your
stuff and then we'll go to the gym so he
came in and he was wearing a Golden
State Warriors t-shirt inside it's this
room inside this room and you know I was
hurt I was like yo really like you
really stepped in my room where and go
and say were you sure I told him I was
like but I'm not gonna lie the words
have been 5 10 20 maybe a million times
better than the Phoenix Suns this season
so I can't get too bad but still so I
challenged him to a one-on-one
basketball game and he said ok I just
finished my video after he's done
editing his video we're gonna head over
to LA Fitness and we're gonna play a
basketball 1v1 so this should be fun he
definitely has the height advantage but
we'll see what's gonna happen so I can't
wait for that you know I love bass well
I've never seen in place so kudos you
can surprise me go Michael Jordan on me
or he could come out and go Brandon
Knight
and just know but really there's our
first time meeting he's really cool
honestly every single phase member I met
so far has been cool adapt fakie
Blaziken
actually every youtuber I met tanner Fox
Kai somar and all others they've
actually all been really chill dudes so
we're gonna head over to the gym and get
this basketball won't be one that's
gonna be tomorrow's video okay guys my
brother is about to hit less than four
mill run less than 400 subs away this is
insane look at my things orange approval
by the Suns orange and purple but
anyways my brother's less than four
hundred subs away this crazy Brian oh my
god hey like 20 minutes I say less cuz
you know once you get closer to it it
just starts going all the way up I gave
my brother little shoutout the end of my
videos I yo everyone goes up to my
brother if you is this cuz of my help
cuz I just made my video public oh yeah
anyways guys this is insane we got some
of the family down here we're gonna
celebrate oh wait we got some balloon oh
yeah all of your videos on that yeah
yeah you know bad yeah I know dad yeah
mom Jackie's gonna come so we're setting
some decorations up mom where's the cake
oh okay guys I just ruined the surprise
I guess so we got some of the family
here Jackie's on their way and we're
gonna celebrate Brian for mill mom
orange and purple for the sons how proud
are you guys are Brian oh my god I can't
explain how proud of you and him super
proud today is at my day today's Brian's
day you don't need to say you're proud
of me
today's fades rugs day we're all super
proud of Brian everyone in the family
from aunts uncles cousins mom dad even
buzz is proud of it
four million is no joke that's a huge
accomplishment and accomplishment that
would be crazy if I even hit that one
day if I ever even hit half of that if I
ever even hit two mil that did crazy
enough the fact that my brother is out
for milk like I can't even imagine to me
I can't even begin to process how crazy
that would be and my brothers sitting
there for mill it's just crazy now no
more treat for you today you already ate
too much so yeah guys he might be my
younger brother that's true but he's
still an inspiration to me I look up to
him in this whole YouTube thing the
whole internet I look so funny with this
but you know usually the younger brother
looks up to the older brother and he may
look up to me
in a lot of different ways and that's
cool but in this whole YouTube thing I
definitely look up to my brother it
doesn't have a feeds younger he is an
inspiration to me and he might not know
it but he is and I'm super proud of him
it's gonna be crazy when his four mil
and I don't want to miss it
so we're going back upstairs is it mom
not yet soon you can come up if you want
though Reggie Jackie's on her way
everyone needs to see Jackie tubes don't
Oh Brian it's going up we're trying to
get blaziken's laptop downstairs he's
getting the live count guys less than
100 so why you guys do this to my
brother why are you on subbing for what
reason
y'okay everyone I'm subbing that's not
cool shout out my dad Bosley Bosley
would you be more excited
come on give me a 5 guys this is crazy
four mill and in it's Kylie Jenner shirt
how does it feel I feel like I didn't
like I'm probably so hard that it like
men in that shirt to the collie shirt no
no sir I think my dad's more excited
than Brian okay guys so it's prediction
time the video is not going up till
tomorrow but it's never too early to
make a little prediction Blaziken has
the height advantage I didn't think he
was just all honestly when I made him I
was kind of like I didn't think he was
gonna be this soft I don't know you're
pretty good
I've seen a few of all videos in you you
Witter handles an idea I don't know what
shooting but we'll see I don't know okay
and could be a big blowup okay
predictions in the comments I'm not
gonna lie I have never seen a play and
when he agreed to play me I was gonna
look it up but honestly I'd rather be
surprised so I have no idea Brian you
wanna give me a little scouting report
no is he good bad how could he do good
what doesn't he the only thing that you
have a height advantage okay so what's
your prediction ah
aren't you gonna close well I think I'll
have to go with Brandon yeah but I'm
gonna have to go the branded so yeah
guys you'll see I'm one last thing look
I respect him for being a warrior and
you want to know why cuz he's from the
Bay Area so you got all these warrior
fans oh I love I used to love the Lakers
useful this
I'm aware spam these focal areas so
anyways it's time to go play was Ryan
whenever you're ready waiting on Ryan he
hit four mill but it's Brian's day so we
can't rush him whatever he wants to do
today we have to let him do it says four
mill a day Brian they should make this a
national holiday Oh sexy both oh my gosh
where are you guys going engagement
right red carpet my so my dad things are
going to a red carpet event my mom said
they going to an engagement party but
mom you look so fancy yeah I don't even
have to tell my dad he looks fancy he
already knows any time I run I'm wearing
the cloak shirt oh my gosh dad the same
as the picture mom you look good thank
you
hey guys my pants are using Jackie as
the camera woman I like that they're
using Jackie and Brian as the camera
woman look at this one Bosley Bosley no
you can't you're not invited to the
wedding buzz Li Bosley are you sad
you're not invited to the wedding
shut up mom you look good that means a
lot wait Bosley keeps trying to sneak
into the party Bosley wants to sneak
into the trunk of your car and show up
to the party I wish I could take him
okay bye mom have fun hey of course me
and Jackie will behave don't worry hi oh
wait maybe I should go bring your pink
lingerie thing oh yeah Oh Brian is home
so before I end this video guys just one
little quick thing to say about my
brother Congrats on four million
subscribers thank you guys so much
obviously you guys watching his videos
are the reason he hit four mil you guys
watching his videos are the reason he's
so happy
so thank you guys on his behalf it's
crazy to see my little brother hitting
four million subscribers it makes me so
happy seeing the people that I love
happy you guys put a smile on Brian's
face
hitting four million subscribers makes
Brian really really happy and I love him
so that makes me happy
Brian Congrats it's motivating I see my
brother I seen how happy he is my
brother is motivation for me one day I
want to hit four million subs and he
motivates me he's an inspiration there
are a lot of people who say you're the
older brother you know you should be his
role model you should be his inspiration
I guess he could look up to me in real
life but I look up to him on end this
whole YouTube thing he's an inspiration
to me and it's congratulations I just I
don't know what to say Brian Congrats
keep doing what you're doing it's
obviously working and one day five
million one day six million one day
seven all the way up to who knows maybe
one day you'll hit 10 million
subscribers I'm looking forward to being
with you through this whole journey and
I'm looking forward to be by your side
whichever milestone you pass because
you're climbing up the ladder fast so
congratulations to my brother once again
I mean what he's doing is not easy some
people might think it's easy but you
guys try making a YouTube channel let me
know how many people hit 4 million subs
it's definitely not an easy thing to do
so there are a lot of haters out there
who say oh formally so who cares that's
nothing but it's easy to make youtube
videos okay then you try let me know how
many of you guys hit formula stuff so no
it's not easy my brother loved what he
does and he's having a lot of fun doing
it I'm really really happy for him you
know growing up with my brother he
always used to look up to me he always
used to tell me you know Brandon how do
I do this and I would help him out I was
his idol I was his role model growing up
so it's great that I can actually look
up to him in something it he might look
up to me in the real life the real world
but I look up to him in this whole
YouTube thing babe wait let me show the
vlog that picture no don't post it no
why would you post on engineer guys look
at my selfie with the shower Cup before
I was gonna shower hahaha
do you like it yeah is it husband day me
Justin compliment this deal that's a
good look ooh I remember the song okay
just sing the part that you know that's
all I know
this is cute Oh for you yeah that one's
huh I thought you're gonna post the show
shower cap
