okay listen I fished rainbow what do you
like to cook it no like if it looks good
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh waters and I am here with my
best friend who I just dragged out of
his room while he was sleeping so if he
looks dead excuse if he should wake up
around halfway through this video but
then it's anyways for today's video guys
I am going to be telling you the crazy
hilarious I don't know just the crazy
story of how me and Dennis met how we
became friends and then how we became
best friends and now pretty much
roommates and the reason I'm making this
video is because a lot of people know me
for who I am for what I said and I
always say like I'm a firm believer and
everybody that's in my life right now
everybody that I'm really close with
they're all people that I've known
before I was a youtuber because you know
a lot of youtubers out there know I've
talked with a lot of people you get some
subs you get some views and then all the
sudden all these fake people want to
come out and be like oh hey what's up
Brandon I'm remember me we went to
school too and you know I don't like
that so everybody that I'm close with
everybody in my circle is people that I
knew before I started YouTube or family
so everybody goes well Brandon how did
you meet Dennis because all those other
friends we knew them ever since you were
a kid but Dennis just came along like a
year ago and here is the story I'm going
to tell you guys and why dennis is the
one exception of who I'm really really
close with even after I started my
youtube channel so everybody knows me
you know big time Phoenix Suns fan and I
love the Suns there's one problem though
I live in San Diego I don't live in
Phoenix so I rarely go out to any of the
Phoenix Suns means and then you have
this dude Dennis who lives in Phoenix
Arizona or he used to at the time he
lived in Phoenix Arizona and so the one
time of year that I went out to a game i
had tweeted it was there was i'd say
last october so what a year and three
months ago a year and four months ago
around that time about less than a year
and a half ago October 2016 and you know
I had tweeted I had said in my vlog I'm
gonna be at the game because I want me
as many of you
you guys as possible so you know I'm
driving to Arizona going to Phoenix and
I'm like scrolling through my Twitter
and I see multiple tweets from this guy
at the time I had no idea who it was I
had no idea like who is Dennis who is
this guy and like so I got see these
tweets you know from this guy named
Dennis and what were you telling me like
you'll show me around here zona it'll
take me to your restaurant contenders at
the restaurant
and like oh I'll meet up with you have a
sub-game bah bah bah and so I'm reading
these tweets and now in my head I'm like
okay like it's just another family she's
gonna meet him at the Sun gate yo what's
up so you know I get to the son's game I
walk in I'm meeting a bunch of fans and
then I see like Dennis I didn't know who
Dennis was but I see like the face that
looks familiar from the tweets and I saw
him in person and I'm like yo it's the
guy that way do you remember I was
sitting I was seeing my seat and then I
remember you've looked at the scene you
knew oh oh yeah I saw them like I said
my head I'm I knew he looked familiar
like the Twitter guy without speeding at
me so I called the boat on like a
Mirabeau
and so you know Dennis came and it was
super casual we met there was just in my
head just like regular feeling you know
what's up bro thanks for watching my
videos he goes I watch every video and
that's it that's it buddy tell us
started with chocolate and instead it
was a huge fan a huge huge huge feeling
like like he knew more about my vlogs
and I know about my vlogs so he goes
back to his see whatever the day's over
the next day I had a meet and greet at
in Phoenix like I said I try to meet as
many of you guys as possible and so you
know I'm at the me and greed and Dennis
comes through to the meet-and-greet
since I had meant that it's the day
before I'm like you you could you could
come on the stage what were you kind of
like security like just on the stage
yeah yeah making sure nothing fishy
happened and uh the whole time in my
head I kind of like you know how do I
trust some fan I just met yesterday to
be security at my being greed like what
is wrong with me but anyways so we do
the meet in green the me agree is over
and Dennis is still there and he goes
like oh let me give you a little ride
back to your hotel and in my head I'm
like oh I think I'm just gonna over be
at the end of the day I don't know who
the hell dennis is in my head he's still
just some fan like some big-time fan who
watches all my videos so I wasn't really
comfortable getting in a car and you
know I thought I was gonna get kidnapped
and so I'm like I'll just take over or
whatever but then he's like okay where's
your hotel that's far away I'll just
drive you in you know me
okay fine I'll get in the car just like
it someone offered me can you could've
kidnapped me and I swear I got the food
you called you so I get in the car with
Dennis and like you guys might not think
this is weird or awkward because you
know me and Dennis now but imagine at
the time like I didn't know anything
about it
he obviously knew me like from the video
but I did not know like anything about
the guy I'm sitting there like okay like
where's he taking me what chamber what
freaking dungeon am I going to all this
stuff so we finally get to the hotel
Daniel sees the hotel and right away I
could tell in Jenna's his face his eyes
were kind of like Brandon what are you
doing like why are you staying here and
if you wanted to tell him how that would
tell love what area was it Brendan got
off the highway I'm like what is this it
was just like just trash I don't know it
was like it was looking for you know a
trap hotel yeah he walks I'm chillin you
know not just chillin they were drinking
smoking a little party with selling
drugs like outside of a freaking hotel
but I didn't know this like I said my
first time in Phoenix and so Dennis goes
uh Brandon like I don't think you should
stay here if you want I'm a huge fan my
house is your house you could spend the
night at my house and in my head at the
time I said there's no like there's no
way I'm doing that like there's no way
like now I know Danny's I love him but
at the time some random fan who I had
just met and freaking barely like knew
there was no way I'm spending the night
like at somebody else there's no England
and you know I added Dennis on snapchat
everything you got because in my head
you know he's offense for the least I
could do for him give me a ride
everything out of my snapchat follow him
on what it on Twitter and so he's like
okay bro are you sure you don't want to
come to the house and although no no I'm
okay thank you so much
go to sleep I go in the hotel and I keep
peeking out the window and I see all
these friggin drug dealers and smoking
drinking doing all this I'm just
like yo this is like crazy but I'll just
go to sleep then what I saw was
something that I'm just like yo that
this crosses the line I can't stay here
anymore so what I saw out looking out my
window I saw this girl like she was
doing some like dirty work and the guy
like that was driving the girl was
outside the car that I was driving was
like he was like trying to park to any
corners her like weird like super
disrespectful like at that moment I'm
like you told what I'm hitting Dennis up
at this point I don't care he's a fan I
don't care he's a criminal I'm spending
the night at his house I'm not sleeping
in this hotel so I hate then it's up
quickly before he got too far and I said
yo bro I'm so sorry like if you're not
too far away can you please pick me up
and you know I'll spend the night at
your house and then it's can zoom bag
like you know okay yeah yeah thank you
thank you whatever so he came he picked
me up I told him everything that
happened he was just like yeah I know
bro I told you it's not a it's not a
good hotel okay just guys please I feel
like you're not like putting yourself in
my shoes just because you guys know me
and Dennis and how close we are now but
please for one moment just wash your
brain out of every moment you've ever
seen me and Dennis have this past year
and just picture him as a fan and me as
belonging and us not knowing each other
it just picked rasca and held it was it
like midnight 1:00 in the morning it was
really really late after my meet and
greet after like all this so we're
driving to his house and I'm just like
you know your parents are asleep how am
I gonna sleep there they're not gonna
know anybody's home and then they're
gonna wake up to somebody in their
freakin house like I'll just like I
can't do it I'm sorry but then at the
end of the day he'll but you know what
my hotels just it's crazy so I gotta
sleep at your house so we go and Dennis
you know such good hospitality frickin
puts me like a little air mattress like
on the floor blankets pillows in his
room you know he'd offered me to play
too
okay but I was too scared I couldn't
even speak I can't even hold a
controller another plane the next
morning oh yeah we played the next
morning to the house surprise I woke up
alive and nothing was robbed from me
here's the funniest thing this is my
favorite part of the story so I'm about
to like lay down and go to sleep and by
the way this one I slept with one eye
open I didn't know what the hell's gonna
happen was gonna come and kill me and
everything but uh so I'm laying down and
Deb is like he's so nice
dead is like typed it types in my name
it showed all the hate comments but all
huge mentions yeah I've mentioned and
and then it's what's going through the
haze this is keep in mind the lights are
off I'm about to go to sleep dennis is
in his bed and he's reading the a cup
and then he's just like whoa like wow
they say this about you
they don't even menu like me like they
don't know you and they're saying all
this hate this is so like false like an
allergist it might have like this is so
funny like I'm laying down and like this
guy Dennis is like just telling me how
cool and like how he's like oh even
off-camera if you're like cool and
you're just the way you are on camera
your credit Dennis
are you sure so I'm trying to go to
sleep and I'm just like yeah but I don't
know why people hate you look it just
makes no sense like I know you now
evolved on all this but you know
they like one thing leads to another I
fall asleep I wake up you know that is
actually driving to the airport get so
much hospitality bro what happened to
that look at you now you ain't me and so
so that's how we first met
if you're wondering how we go the old
clothes and became like best friends and
pretty much roommates well a couple
months after I left Phoenix and like
obviously I appreciated heavily
everything that Dennis did for me from
driving me to the airport driving me to
my hotel letting me sleep in his
freaking house like just I appreciate
that so much
so he came out to San Diego a couple
months later and when he came down he
came over to my house we went to the
mall together and then we started
getting like a little bit closer
whenever I would be in Phoenix like cuz
remember we only met like a year and
three months ago
so whenever like I would go to Nome cut
it short well your informant
yeah yeah your informant October the AAA
sorry a year four months ago
we became best best friends was kind of
like the last time Dennis came to San
Diego I didn't know about it he was
surprising me him Jackie and and my
cousin Anthony Sherman the Worman they
planned for him to pop up at my house
and like me not knowing they sat me in a
chair and they closed my eyes and I was
like yo don't put no snake in here don't
like don't prank me like it's Devin
Booker coming through or whatever and
they said okay open your eyes and it was
Dennis and like literally ever since
then ever since he came to surprise me
San Diego we would just talk about how
like he kind of doesn't like it at
Arizona his lifestyle is just like
whatever and he loves being over here in
San Diego every time he came to visit he
loves my friends you know he loves my
family he loves the environment over
here and so I was like you know what
that's when I bought Dennis his
apartment right here and that's when I
moved in over here and so the rest was
history he moved over here and now you
know my family is his family his family
is my family all of my friends they all
took him as their best friend and now
we're all one big group he freaking
lives in San Diego he's in every one of
my videos
he's freaking like I don't know it's
just crazy it's so crazy how a fan who
just came to my me and Reid freaking
turns into one of my best friends it's
not my best friend freaking like just a
part of our crew me and all my boys we
met like we always say like who is in
our group it's who like it's gonna stay
that way we never ever let anybody knew
hey we don't really trust nobody but
Dennis it was just like an automatic
come here bro like you're a part of our
group okay if you hung out one day with
all of my crew by the way first of all
you would lose every brain cell that you
have over there yeah if you hung out
everybody from my crew one day you would
honestly think that maybe Dennis was
like the first person they're not the
last like we're all so close and
familywize like forgetting Dennis's in
the group chat with my family with all
my cousins and everything like it's just
crazy how what one started as like a fan
like watching
videos is now this it's just crazy I
appreciate everything that Dennis did
for me back in Phoenix and I believe in
you know paying somebody back the right
way and now a Dennis was living over
here in San Diego close to my friends
close to my family his family probably
hates me for taking him away but it was
time I'm just joking but God yeah you
got a song you ever been this nice and
set you free go let me sleep over oh we
get together to do good I'm Barney oh
you're talking about best friend by
young Doug was like did you get I get
tweeted every day I get asked every day
how did you meet Dennis you know any
fans in the room yeah whenever we need
fans together
how did you a dentist me you know like I
wish I never met that is what happened
with all I always mess around with
Dennis about this I always mess about
this so sometimes I'll just be sitting
down watching TV and Dennis will be next
to me and I'll look at that and I'll be
like yellow Dennis a year and four
months ago before you met me when you
were just this big big fan did you ever
think you were going to be freaking
living with me sitting in my freaking
room watching a son's game with me and
we just laugh about it I thought I'll be
like oh like do you want my autograph
you want to take a picture with me we
just joke about it all the time
cuz that rarely happens I know some
youtubers with my fans and they get kind
of close a little bit like they text
myself but I've never met a youtuber or
anybody that you know meets a fan and
one year later freakin it's just crazy
guys but I'm glad I met Dennis one of
the realest people I know my family
loves him i loving my friend loves me
man it's always good to have someone
like that in your life but anyways guys
thank you so much for watching today's
video I hope this makes you guys now
know the whole story of how me and
Dennis became friends drop a like on
this video for this friendship
subscribe to this channel if you are new
I am out but don't forget I love you
guys all Dennis
improvised you fit me yes oh my god I
love you guys off beef I can never ever
find the right words and there's no way
this is real life
there's no ton of you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
