so I'm just gonna does this happen every
time you try to play only the first time
you send it out first time oh my god
it's almost 1:00 in the morning it's
almost 1:00 a.m. jr. sounds like you're
getting fucked by Brian I don't know
what's going on in there
Jr are you guys fucking jr. who was
screaming jr. what the fuck was going on
oh look you guys even scared Bosley
Bosley are you okay Jenny because I'm
vlogging my first experience with the
ps4 Brian it's almost 1:00 in the
morning we've been trying to set it up
since like 10:00 and it keeps doing
these updates and all this shit 12% oh
well Elise is going by a little faster
hold on just one time for the sake of
the video Jay give me a fucking hotline
bling' do the squiggly leg oh dude
actually doesn't good okay guys so me
and rocking while my game is updating I
saw that shit fall
walking spat us out of the gym shook the
whole room it's true religion jeans but
rocket is all true religion outlook the
ass and the shirt okay God by the way
for those who don't know his name is not
really rockin his name is Eric and I
don't know why the hell I call mark and
it just sounds better but me and rockin
are about to play a game if he beats me
I have to give his snapchat a shout-out
he has been begging me for a shout-out
so I told him okay you want a fucking
shout-out if you be mean to Kay I will
shout out your snapchat cuz you know
kids these days are thirsty for
followers now I win rocket is going to
have to eat a raw egg he's gonna have to
buy this or I can try to swallow rockin
I saw you eat the burrito you could
swallow a raw egg if you really why
so we random teamed I got OKC
he got Detroit what's my plan Westbrook
that's it that's my plan that's all I
need to say Russell Westbrook
he's been a beast on the court this
season in real life now let's hope that
translates to video game Russ you scored
51 points on the Phoenix Suns the first
time you played then you got 22 assists
the second time you played
if you're gonna play like that against
my team at least let me pick up a
victory using you in the video game okay
let's see what happened it open my
garage okay now say what's up to the
vlog no babe babe
I wasn't don't worry the camera was on
when you told me what you just said
earlier wink wink
I I'm gonna open the garage now you know
how bad Jackie is she calls me so she
could talk about um wink wink
did you see how scared she was when I
told her I was blogging babe do you want
to know what you were saying that's
proof I'm not the one who initiates all
the sex I swear people say Oprah wad is
you so sexual it's Jackie
don't let her face fool you she looks
all innocent and oh I'm Jackie blah blah
blah no she initiate I'm not complaining
don't get me wrong I'm really really not
complaining but still look guys here's
the case Jackie's family got me a
Versace traveling bag for Christmas
hey babe I told them that's how bad you
are you want me to tell them oh you're
saying
no I didn't but that's proof whatever
comments OMG brats is so sexual brought
no you started you initiate I'm coming
by everybody shook a game cancel miss
you guys so I can't show you know that's
wrong my back okay guys so the 2k gamers
walking is canceled I got some business
to take care of I'm just joking Jackie's
such a good girlfriend that she waits
for me to play 2k she watches me play -
okay well can I kiss your kiss what's my
gift but who do you have your money on
me and rockin are playing if rockin
loses yes eat a raw egg yeah
oh you think arqon's gonna win look at
what look at what a good babysitter jr.
is I'm OKC rockin his Detroit okay see
you while we do I am Westman jr. who do
you think is gonna win I want you to win
if you don't deliver shut up we're
rockin I'm gonna do manual substitutions
not Otto but jr. so you got your money
on me yes
guys this game is fake
this game is rigged rockin can shake the
hell out of my screen I'm trying to
shoot a free-throw Steven Adams and
rockin shaking the hand of my screen but
I can't shake the hell out of his all
Candy's home or whatever guys we got a
visitor out the door wait oh he came in
a large lead you to come in Bosley hey
don't be mean to my mutt
what do you mean you got a boat I know
Bosley actually got a boner from rock in
Moscow okay look let's keep playing I'm
down ten to five so far
okay Bosley I asked everyone except for
you who is winning this game me or
rockin do you want to play 2k after
Jeanine such a good babysitter rockin
I mean Bosley all of us really oh my god
the song's rockin came on by the weekend
come on we want to see the score Shaq
Ernie Kenny yeah you have no freakin
Djinn
okay guys rockins beating me by one
point 17 to 16 it's halftime got Andre
Roberson what though he's just said that
in the game as he is in real life
he's had three wide-open threes listen
Andre Roberson is a three and D player
meaning he plays defense and he shoots
threes that's right called a three and D
he's had wide open threes and he missed
every single one what the hell oh my
gosh I must I need to start doing hacker
Drummond God Andre Roberson I've
literally set him up wide open these and
he missed all then he's just as bad in
the game as real life oh my god why did
I turn the volume on I just miss my
teachers Evans on it nope
guys I love Anthony Morrow oh my god no
no no no no hello yes
I Love You God mom oh fuck wait oh my
god Westbrook only has two points oh my
god wait guys
Anthony Morrow hit three threes in a row
this up oh and he missed that just cuz I
was fucking honest a young girl awful
sorry dear
fuck you you were dressing all day and
you're like five years old no no no no
yes oh okay update end of the third
quarter
fourth quarters about to start look a
two-point game rocket is up by two
wait let me show you Russell Westbrook's
stats he literally hasn't done anything
this game look five points what five
points and two turnovers but Westbrook I
should have like 30 points with him
right now in case you didn't know this
is what Steven Adams looked like before
like when you got room for everybody who
doesn't follow NBA religiously and
thinks that Stephen Evans always look
like the crazy caveman that he does now
no he actually looked like that when he
was drafted and he had no tattoos but
anyways guys two-point game I'm losing
fourth quarters about a start for all
the marbles this quarter let's go
Rockies actually played a good game I'm
not gonna lie but we'll see what's gonna
happen piss don't even ask me what
happened because I don't know guys fuck
this game I can't go cancel the update
that's happening in my room cuz I never
want to play this game ever again I
don't want to see the screen I don't
want the ps4 anymore
oh we really do know this game is fake
there's no way anybody could do this
there's no way ladies Lomo someone look
Evan Wow okay if someone actually did
then relock their elbow bone would pop
out of the fucking socket look guys no
I'm over this rocking go cancel the
update go break my ps4 shout me out fuck
this I don't even know what happened
like I really don't I just don't know
what happened
rocking out close the light of breaking
the remote and the TV yeah he's gonna
punch me good I wanted to see a raw egg
oh well you get your shadow I'm gonna go
have fun with Jackie so enjoy your shout
out shout out I'm so depressed how'd you
win by so much was a freaking finds you
I was up by two in the fourth quarter
then I just want to like went off what
I'm done with this say hi to the vlog
name I don't want the viewers to get
traumatized by my face in the night time
have you looked beautiful at night okay
it's from full house thing you'll give
me what I already gave and see what are
you okay fine guys I literally come to
my room the updates finally done but no
now I have to make a my player or I have
to make a freakin I don't know who the
fuck this is I know he's blinking fuck
you did anyone invite you he's looking
at you stop looking at my girlfriend
bitch stop uh-huh he's literally looking
at jacking on what do you mean I'm crazy
look he's looking right at you
look out disrespectful first of all this
bitch comes in my room nobody invited
him he's legit in my room skank I my
girlfriend oh well I got something and
you didn't junior no junior admitted to
me that your heart you know what he said
today I'm gonna tell her I love junior I
love Junior junior ileus Leon posses bed
you rockin I hate you I hate you you use
me first snap jab your words go back to
Texas go back junior was like grinning
can you not get mad when I tell you I
said what he said Jackie's huh I said
Junior that's good I'd rather have you
think Jackie's hot and ugly that's okay
why would I get mad have to make a my
player who thinks it's okay to come in
my room with his ugly ass staring at my
girlfriend look at you ugly look at me
bitch I dare you and then we've got side
can I make one wait Brandon no artists
and asked my favorite team I'm sorry I'm
what was my favorite team I forgot what
was my favorite team again I forgot I
don't know not like I have any hints in
my room or anything would you both like
a bitchy Jenny why here how do you even
have a ball sag you're like five years
old oh my gosh who raised these kids no
no I didn't guys you may have such born
at five yeah
no I did not make you watch you go I
think the reason junior grew up so
corrupted in the head is because when he
was younger I made him watch Borat with
me uh how old were you two news wait for
now you're a little older I hope no no
guys bora is the greatest movie of all
time
I have legit seen Bora I'd say Brock and
how many times have I watched Borat
well considering I've watched it since I
was four maybe over a million times yeah
of course both of them to watch it
before eyes the greatest movie of all
time I've seen that movie over 30 times
it is deep I love Bora like Bora is
gonna be my husband when I grow up I
love him i memorize every single line of
bora ah guys so I finished up my player
bar and look Alex asked me to update the
application I don't know what this means
all I know we tried to set it up at 10
it's almost 1:30 and I'm still trying to
set it up oh my gosh we're still trying
to set it up three and a half hours
later so now we must download another
thing 23 hours left to play 2k but you
already know while we're waiting for
this to load we got to watch some angry
grandpa
you already know guys Bryan told us he
was gonna go downstairs to brush his
heats like three hours ago jr. what did
you say he was doing three and a half
hours ago
you're probably beating me today
I don't know who raised you yeah great
now says there's a problem with your
connection to our online services why
does this happen I'm just trying to set
up my ps4 man I'm probably just gonna
try to set it up tomorrow it's almost
1:00 pawsley okay yeah guys alright
watch rockin I'm not to start editing
sorry yeah guys we just trying to start
my ps4 tomorrow try to figure out what's
happening tomorrow because it is time to
start editing I'm tired as hell my
girlfriend fell asleep but it's like the
only time I have to start working on my
videos we're about to start doing it
1:30 a.m. grime don't stop hard work
pays off so I'm about to start editing
my video I'm probably not going to be
asleep to like four or five and the more
but we'll see how this goes guys my mom
just woke up and ran into me editing
okay oh my gosh now my girlfriend woke
up time to start the party my mom's
awake my girlfriend's awake I'm almost
done
it is 4:03 a.m. and I'm almost done
oh my girlfriend fell back asleep
literally in one second
good night babe okay good night lovely
she hates me she doesn't even reply I
said goodnight lovely mm-hmm the hate is
real babe do you want water
it's 407 guys I'm being lectured at
literally 4:15 a.m. for 15 in the
morning and I am being lectured what is
this madness okay I'm gonna put my cold
sheet on you no no why am I being
lectured because I hate when you add it
to slay you don't get any sleep no why
are you so mad at me I'm just doing my
video yeah you haven't slept which it
makes me mad cuz on your bags get bigger
and you don't use my clean that I got oh
so you don't think my eye bags are sexy
yes within because they are but then
you're sleeping for the rest of the day
no I still play basketball guys she woke
up on a rampage I think she's sooner
sleep babe I'm almost done my blood is
boiling
I think she's honest
emphasis what okay babe I'm gonna put my
cold feeling you know no no yes feel
this no I feel them I feel do you want
me to put on your tummy nothing then
stop yelling at me guys my feet gets so
cold at night and I use them as a weapon
I put them on Jackie yes it's like
tension
oh babe I need a massage no no anything
why I didn't even wake you up I got in
the bed and I touched your butt that's
it that's all I did and you woke up I
forgot that boyfriend isn't allowed to
touch his girlfriend you are to touch me
that's not only this is about you being
awake to sleep
you know what okay I'm touching with the
cold feet no the cold feet on your tummy
you know I wake up early no I'll put
your toes in you know you can only put
your toes in my mouth
thank you life or you did the crazy
latina has calmed down she's back asleep
and now she's happy because I'm gonna
spend the rest time with her in the bed
so the animal is finally tamed she's not
grouchy anymore are you oh my god oh my
god she woke up she woke up babe ice
listen know what my cure
okay kick my weight fully it's so bad
because I want to play basketball
tomorrow morning meaning I have to
finish my video right now let me just
explain one one time if I don't finish
my video at night it means I have to do
in the morning and that means I can't
play basketball in the morning but if I
finish my video at night that means I
don't have anything to in the morning
meaning I can play that's all in the
morning that's the reason I'm awake so
late
no you were mr. grouchy because she's
being a doctor she said I don't like
when you don't any sleep because that's
so bad for you yeah no if I brought a
doctor to you
so you have like seven diseases what are
my seven diseases no sleep and then
black eyes underneath because we're here
black eye bags not black eyes Oh black
eye bags babe babe it's all because I
love basketball if I didn't love
basketball then I wouldn't care to play
and then I couldn't edit at more
convenient times if I didn't like
playing basketball but since I yourself
to Olli and say hey can you please make
lunchtime basketball at 12:30 but since
I love playing basketball I have to edit
videos at weird time so that I can make
time for basketball - it up to be
healthy to play basketball you know uh I
can play basketball in no sleep
you know guys 6 a.m. and I'm finally
done you don't understand how good this
feels right now oh my gosh finally and I
get to go play basketball in the morning
so that means I have about 2 or 3 hours
to go to sleep I'm gonna go to the gym
to play basketball at 9:00 so I gotta
wake up around 8:00 8:30 anyways it
feels so good to finish the video hard
work really does pay off now I get to
play basketball in the morning or you yo
guys so that little clip that you saw
where my dumb ass was like are you ready
dad's actually the start to part two of
this vlog this vlog was way too long to
put all in one video so I kind of split
it up into two parts this was part one
part two is obviously gonna be out
tomorrow it's just like a continued part
of the vlog anyways I hope you guys did
enjoy this video thank you so much for
watching by the way my brother is going
to hit 4 million subscribers today which
is oh my god that's crazy he may be my
younger brother in real life but I look
up to him in this whole YouTube thing he
is crazy 4 million subscribers Congrats
to him if you haven't said to my brother
go ahead and do that already that's
amazing I hope to one day hit even half
of that in two million subscribers the
fact that he's that 4 million is just
I'm so proud of him I'm super proud of
my little brother doing really really
big things doing really good and doing
what he loves to do so Brian Congrats
you're probably gonna hit formula by the
time this video goes up and I'm super
super proud of you other than that thank
you guys for watching this video and I
hope you got
did enjoy it
