guys I'm trying to edit and Brian's
recording the video and look there's
literally fans pulled into the driveway
they're pulled into the driveway they've
been banging on the gate for Mom just be
honest how long like 10 minutes straight
up banging on the gate
I'm telling you we'd go out but we've
said multiple times we've said nicely in
the videos please don't show up to the
house I'm doing my work Brian's doing
his work any Simon about doing the work
it's just not respectful to show up to
somebody's home uninvited and start
banging on the gate multiple times I
don't know there's not much more we
could say me and Brian have asked
politely on Twitter we got squally on
Instagram and we've made videos asking
nicely to please not show up to the
house it's still oh they came again it's
been like 10 or 15 minutes and
bro maybe the kids are too young to
understand not to do but how do the
parents allow their kids I don't know my
mom would yell at me if I went to
somebody's home uninvited banging on the
gate I don't get how the parents
whatever we've gone over the shopping me
and Brian I've asked nicely it doesn't
work I don't know what to do at this
point maybe we've got to be meaner about
it something if the kids do it that's
one thing but how do the parents tell
them oh go bang on the gate like the
parents are mature they're older I don't
get how they allow it yeah that's what
Jackie said imagine if this was the
parents home they wouldn't allow it
yeah they would probably call the cops I
don't know that's why I don't really
blame the kids because the kids are
young buck and guys me and Brian feel
bad we feel bad wait are they still
there yeah oh my god I'm really Nellie
Yanks it's been like almost half an hour
at this point but me and Brian feel bad
and we want to go out we used to go out
and say what's up to all the supporters
all the supporters that came by me and
Brian would go out to each and every
single one and say hi and meet them and
you know sign autographs take pictures
talk to them
we've even invited some of them inside
the house and fed them food but then
what happens is they start posting
snapchat or Instagram pictures or on
Twitter and then their friends see is so
their friends start to show up and then
their friends start to show up and if
our house literally became a museum for
a couple of months it was never okay in
the beginning but me and Brian were very
nice and we we still did it but then our
house I'm telling you became like a
museum all their friends would see it so
they would all come by then we've asked
them to stop that we've asked them to
stop and that clearly hasn't worked so
we just don't go out anymore
when we used to do it my mom would
literally feed and I don't know it's is
crazy now yo they're literally they're
honking the horn did you hear they are
honking the horn they honk oh my god
guys honestly I'm tell you I would have
maybe went out but I'm trying to finish
this video it's already 1:00 p.m. I'm
not even halfway done with this video
like we have work to do as well the fact
that she's even parts in your Drive
she's parked in our driveway this is no
joke I'm telling you guys me and Brian
we feel really bad we want to go out
because these people support us but we
just can't do that anymore after what
happened I'm telling you guys me and
Brian this is not how we treat our fans
is not how
we want to do we don't want to ignore
them but when we were going out cuz me
and Brian used to feel bad all the time
but what happens when we feel bad we go
out and we're like okay we'll just go
meet one of our supporters and then that
one turns into all their friends and all
their friends into all their families
right now I want to go out and meet them
I want to go out and thank them for
watching my videos but we just can't do
it I'm telling you our home turned into
a museum we had cars like he's coming
back
we will never wear the manners that's
what I'm saying there's no respect no
man's we will never ever call the cops
because we're too nice but a lot of
people have told us that is trespassing
call the cops because we feel bad we
want to go and you know pay our respect
thank you for watching our videos but
there came a point in time where there
would literally be cars lined up in our
driveway to come down and meet us and
that's just not right you know my mom
doesn't feel safe my dad has an office
upstairs he tries to do his work here
and I don't know so this is just
ridiculous has some people used to
comment oh you and your brother are so
mean you don't even go out these people
watch your videos we do I feel really
bad I know these people watch our videos
I want to go and say thank you these
people are amazing they watch our videos
but that's just too much parking in our
driveway honking the horn banging on the
gate
staying for almost one hour over that's
at that point it's just like that it's
just kind of disrespectful guys and I
just hope that people don't think that I
don't appreciate my supporters and
subscribers because of this because
that's not the case ask anybody who has
met me at the mall I love meeting people
out in public if you've watched my vlogs
I love meeting people
I've taken some fans some supporters out
and bought them food bought them drinks
hang out with them when I see them in
public you know I thank them for their
support I did my first meet-and-greet
last month I loved I'm actually planning
another meet-and-greet in Phoenix I love
meeting people in public but the house
is just like it's such a different story
even PewDiePie's made videos about this
faze clan has had problems with this
they find me people in public I love
that I love it to death it's amazing you
know I thank them for their support I
give them a hug like I said I bought
them food and just treated them out but
meaning at the house is just it's such a
completely different so it's completely
different situation and I hope you guys
understand you don't think of me any
differently it's just like a safety like
a danger hazard more of a danger issue
you never know
these people could do you know you never
know if you open the door for somebody
who looks like a fan and you don't know
maybe they like you just don't know
there are some people who are crazy out
there it's just not safe at the house
but please don't let this change your
point of view up on me because if you've
seen my videos I got the mall or in
public or if you've met me personally
you would know I love I love meeting my
supporters because if it was not for
them I wouldn't be where I'm at today
but the home is just especially after
what me and my brother experienced when
we would actually go out that our home
became like a museum we don't want to
experience that again we already tried
to ask nicely and nobody listened so I
guess now the only way to stop it is if
we just stop going out of our house okay
guys day to 9:30 p.m. on a Sunday we're
trying to go to my grandma's house hope
the car's right there
they said I see him we're trying to go
to my grandma's house because my family
from Texas finally came down we haven't
seen them in a year and they're all at
my grandma's house my mom texted me
saying I need to go but there's a bunch
people outside I watched my videos and
they're screaming reward reward squad
this is almost 10 p.m. on a Sunday night
and do you hear them my window is closed
in the car they're like it's like a
whole car full of people shouting from
my driveway saying I see him I see him
right in front of our house in our
driveway Brian my mom my dad and all my
other family are at my grandma's house
me and Jackie were just about to leave
right now but and a lot of people are
gonna say Oh bro just go out and tell
them you have to leave go out and tell
them to leave your house and tell them
you have to go see your family and I
could easily do that I could easily walk
out and be like yo you guys need to
leave the house I need to go see my
family but I don't want to be a dick I
hate being a dick to people and I don't
have time to go out and talk to them and
take pictures so now what did they just
do they're at the front door shaking the
gate now like this is just it's just
disrespectful like it's dangerous like
why I knew it someone
yeah like it's dark you don't know like
the world is a crazy place you guys you
need to be safe this is way too late to
go to anybody's house uninvited I know I
hate being a dick especially to people
who are here because they watch my
videos I don't want to be a dick to them
but you just can't be doing this you
can't have a car pull up inside of our
driveway get out right in front of our
house yell shake the gate and be here
this late at night you just it's just
rude and this happens I swear to you
guys on it this happens like on a daily
basis I'm telling you but now just
happens way too much and and look my
mom's calling me right now cuz I'm super
late we're supposed to be there so long
ago but I don't want to go out and be
rude to them you be like yo we have to
go yeah me and Jackie I've been trying
to leave but there's a car full of fans
outside I just don't get how people
think that so Kayleigh and for the
parents who bring them and drop them off
how do you see your kids doing this and
not tell them to stop look look at me
I'm a huge Devin Booker fan let's just
say somehow I came across their address
let's just say somehow I knew where
Devin Booker lived I would never ever
ever show up to his home look through
his window yell his name and bang on his
door like that's a perfect example
because these people are fans of me and
my brother and I'm a fan of Devin Booker
just because you know where somebody
lives I would not show up to his home
and that's just rude and disrespectful
of me like I don't know guys I hate
making videos like this because I
already know people are gonna be like oh
he doesn't care about his supporters or
oh he's getting annoyed by his own fans
what a mean person but I'm really not
there's just a fine line between people
showing up to your house and meeting
these people out in public I don't know
how to explain it if you guys don't
understand by what I'm saying I
apologize I'm trying to be as clear as I
could have because I really don't hate
my supporters who would hate their
supporters but it's just a whole other
level like I hate like I said I hate
making these types of videos because
people automatically jump to conclusions
or Barrois to take to supporters now
that's not it at all it's just it's just
not right it's not right and my
girlfriend is obviously super super sick
she was laying in bed okay guys so
Brian's still editing his video and I'm
still working on my
so we're both in our editing programs
editing our videos and look this car
just pulls up and traps us in our
driveway
we're like trapped they like blocked off
we'll park directly in front of the
driveway Brian what's today December
22nd me or my brother haven't done any
Christmas shopping yet we were about to
go to the mall to go shop for gifts
we're still working on our videos you
guys see it it's like not only did they
come to the house and knock on the door
but they're like parked directly
blocking off the whole driveway and
don't get me wrong me and my brother
would love to go out but like I said
look everybody in our family has bought
Christmas gifts everybody here and here
everyone's about Christmas gifts except
me and my brother see what I mean Oh see
I told you bro the parents are just
sitting in the car that's just
disrespectful just rude and you got
Bosley sleeping right in front of the
door and we all know what happened last
time someone Bosley it's okay
we all know what happened last time a
fan banged on the gate too hard when
Bobby was next to the door
Bosley ended up speeding to the door
jumping out the door and getting a
seizure so it's always scary when
they're banging at the gate and Bosley's
next to the door we don't want to get
another seizure man still it's been like
30 minutes and they're still there in
the same exact spot now they're
screaming saying hello hello and they're
still banging on the gate I don't know
yes
look do you hear that
oh listen
I'm telling you this is like a daily
thing Simon Kula swear happens like
every day I'm telling you it's just a
super bad time right now me and my
brother are both working on our videos
at the same time that we're working on
our videos we're also trying to get
ready to go to the mall because it's
December 22nd Christmas is right around
the corner and we don't even open gifts
on Christmas we open them a day before
on Christmas Eve so that means we have
even less time to get Christmas skin so
we're already super backed up but
there's people waiting outside we just
don't have the time for that and then if
we go out and take pictures or me one
family and then they post it on social
media or they tell their friends and
then that one family becomes two
families two families becomes five and
they start telling all their friends and
before you know it it's just a chain
effect and our house becomes like a zoo
or like a museum again that's how we try
to avoid that so a new day today now
it's Christmas Eve today is Christmas
Eve we just woke up I'm editing my video
so once again we're trying to get our
stuff done for today it's Christmas Eve
a day for families Brian really and
there's a car outside you know it's
almost midnight on Christmas and there
are fans outside we were literally
asleep on Christmas night this is
Christmas right now and there are people
banging on the gate that just woke us up
my mom just called me Brian
Christmas know I'm about to go out this
is ridiculous
and he's yelling our name like dude well
that was mug do you expect bro it's 1237
past midnight on Christmas that's insane
we were asleep that's ridiculous look
his mom just came down that's fucked up
dude yo yo I'm sorry
it's 12:35 yeah my brother was sleeping
under me under he it's okay I'm sorry
for this video that you're recording we
do not want people going to our house
especially just like his mom was
recording I didn't want to do that but
what's up no Bryan you didn't not dude
like I just can't believe it we and how
long were they out there they were
recording to like um I can I'm sorry
that was no I just don't attend what you
expect now let me guess now let me guess
they're gonna post a video saying old
faze rug is such a day no but you come
to somebody I just don't get what why
would what do you expect coming to
somebody's home at almost 1:00 in the
morning on Christmas night and banging
on the gate what do you expect I don't
know if you can't tell me and my brother
were just asleep and we just know that's
just weird and like I said this isn't
the first time this happened this is
definitely one of the weirdest those I
don't know why you would come to
somebody's house that late banging on
the gate for that long it just makes no
sense and I don't know why you'd be
surprised I just don't get what you
expect if we were to open the door like
for us to be welcoming somebody like oh
hey thanks for showing up to someone's
home at almost 1:00 a.m. banging on the
gate on Christmas night and waking them
up because you were screaming through
our window I just don't know what like
it's past midnight you're in our
driveway yelling through our window and
then you walk up to the door you bang on
the gate
you wake the whole family up on
Christmas night and then you're
surprised I don't know what reaction you
expected to get and for them to be
recording like it's just weird me and my
brother honestly try our hardest to just
ignore it and not go out and say
something because we don't like to be
rude to our supporters so if we go out
and say yo can you not show up to the
house we just feel like that's rude but
for example like this when these people
have been here for I don't even want to
say how long because they showed up
while I was asleep so I don't know
exactly how long they were here for it
could have been 30 minutes it could have
been an hour it could have been two
hours who knows we were asleep when
someone has been there banging on our
door for who knows maybe over an hour
recording we just we can't just say his
item be something we had to go out and
say something and when would mija I
heard you call Jack no II thought it was
my job yeah we thought it was a family
member that didn't have a key or
something
mom I took I'm telling the video every
time something like that happens we try
to just ignore and usually they go they
go away we don't like to go out and say
oh hey can you leave our house but when
how long they were there and just
knocking at this time recording the
house we had to go out and say something
oh so I just don't get it like I'm
literally not trying to be mean but how
can even like his mom not think that
something's wrong with Brian the only
reason I'm making a video or the only
reason this is being posted is because
every time me or my brother talk about
fans showing up at the house nobody
understands the severity nobody really
realizes how often it happens but this
literally happens every single day we
know we appreciate you guys whim but not
to come this late at night know how
happy you get when you see fans guys
long literally when I was Christmas
shopping this past week I would snapchat
at the mall so that people yeah you
meant so many I would like snapchat it
so everybody can come and I would
literally sit down while I'm eating and
have everybody eat with me take pictures
with me you could ask if you met me at
the mall there's just it's just two
whole different stories when you meet
someone in a public place and then when
you show up to somebody's home uninvited
it's just two different things so guys
the only reason I'm making this video is
not just to say oh look fans come to the
house no it's just to show that no
matter what time of day no matter how
old the person is no matter what day
Christmas or a regular day there's
people constantly coming to the house
and coming to the house I know we have
to move out of this house first you're
gonna move if you don't know what my
brother and I tweet about it or we snap
chat about how fans show up to the house
and everybody takes it lightly or nobody
really believes us this is what we meet
it could be midnight it could be 10:00
p.m. it could be 10:00 a.m. it could be
Christmas or a regular day there are
fans
constantly showing up to the home like
it's a museum
we just can't live like that I don't
know if you guys could live like that if
you think it's not a big deal maybe for
some people they like to live like that
but we like to have some privacy our
lives are on camera all the time we're
always out we like to come home and just
relax we like to come home and at least
have some privacy or feel like we're you
know in a place where we can finally be
alone I don't know it's just weird but
it's time to go back to sleep okay guys
a day after Christmas now
Jackie's asleep look you see the car
it's 10:00 p.m. fuck wait oh okay
they're leaving now
listen in case you guys don't keep up
with my vlogs Jackie is super sick she
might have viral meningitis she's been
going to the hospital she's on
super-strong medication so she had to
take pills right now that put her to
sleep I'm not sure what kind of pills
they are but she has pill subscribe
she's super sick and there were people
banging out the gate palsy was asleep
too look I mean I guess these people
weren't that disrespectful they just
came for one or two minutes but that's
beyond the point she has another
hospital visit coming up soon and I'm
not trying to play the sympathy card or
whatever but my girlfriend's freaking
sick and it's not just a normal sickness
it could be meningitis they don't know
yet they had to do a blood test a spinal
tap they prescribed her a bunch of pills
she has a fever cough sore throat
migraine problem and she's she's going
to sleep and there were fans in front of
the house this is what I mean how a home
should just be somewhere where you can
rest relax be alone because you never
know what someone could be going through
for example those fans came to knock out
the door and come say what's up oh they
didn't know that my girlfriend is over
here very very sick and has a hospital
visit coming up soon a doctor's
appointment and she just got blood tests
and all that so you just that's why you
can't show up to somebody's home because
that's a private area it's a private
place you never know what I don't know
guys there's just I feel like no matter
what we say people are still going to
show up and sadly the only option might
be moving we we didn't want to move
because we've lived in this house for
almost 17 years
yes almost 17 years under this very roof
but I don't know what we have to do it's
getting obviously serious
yikes so I really did not want to make
that video but honestly I think it was
time for all you guys to see exactly
what I'm talking about because from time
to time I'll tweet out there was a
really root supporter that showed up to
the house or I'll snapchat that there
was a really rude fan that showed up to
the home and nobody really realizes what
I mean or nobody really sees exactly
what happened so I decided to just put
together a few clips and experiences and
what's crazy is that these were all from
the past week maybe it wouldn't be too
bad if these happened over the past
couple months no this happened over the
past week so I hope now you guys see
what we mean when we say please don't
show up to the home because it's just
not the right thing to do if you see us
in public feel free to come up feel free
to ask for a picture feel free to
freaking hug us talk have a conversation
whatever you want but please we're
asking nicely for the last time please
don't show up to the house it's just
it's a safety thing more than anything
how often have you heard on the news
that somebody was shot at their home or
somebody was stabbed at their home
you never know the world is a crazy
place and you're supposed to feel safe
in your home your home is supposed to be
somewhere that you can go to just to
feel like it's it's your place correct
me if I'm wrong but how many times have
you guys been bullied at school and in
your head you're like oh I can't wait to
go home you know why because home is
supposed to be where you feel safe or
how many times have you had a bad
experience outside in public and you
know the first thing you think of is oh
I can't wait to be home in my room
because you feel safe there or how many
times do you feel sick out at a
restaurant and you're throwing up and
you're like oh I wish I was throwing up
in my own home not out here in public
that's because your home is supposed to
be your safe spot your home is supposed
to be somewhere where it's your privacy
you were supposed to feel safe in your
home and we don't even feel safe in our
own home now that's a problem and safety
is the biggest thing you know my mom now
she tells me and my brother that she's
scared to even take out the trash she's
scared to even
Kassite to take out the trash my dad who
wakes up at 5:00 a.m. to go to work when
he closes his store he comes home at
around midnight he comes home from a
long day at work he doesn't want to come
home to random people waiting at the
door he wants to come home to go to
sleep this is his home he's the man of
the house he shouldn't feel scared or
nervous to come to his own home a lot of
people are going to say that we should
just move but that's easier said than
done it's hard to move out of a home
that you've lived in for 17 years it's
tough I mean we might have to move but
you want to try just one last time to
just ask nicely please it's just a very
rude thing to do it's dangerous it's
scary it's disrespectful I feel like if
I just made a talking video people
wouldn't really understand the severity
of it so I felt like putting together
some clips and the crazy thing is that's
not even all the instances there are
multiple times when me and my brother
are out of the house and we come home
and we just watch the cameras for fun
and we see that people show up even when
we're not home or when we're out and
we're not home people tweet us pictures
saying hey where are you and it's just
really rude supporters at the house
taking pictures of our house saying yo
we came to see you where are you it's
just very rude and if you guys think
we're bad people or we don't appreciate
our supporters because of this I just
don't know what to tell you because
that's not the case that that's not true
at all we love our supporters we love
everybody that watches our videos if it
was not for you guys we would not be
where we are today but you just you
can't show up to somebody's home it's
crazy it's not the right thing to do and
for all the kids out there some of them
might be too young they're not mature
enough to know not to show up but for
the parents that are driving your kids
here and telling them to go down and
knock on the gate I don't understand
that that I just don't understand just
because you know where somebody lives
just because you have someone's address
does not mean that's an invitation to
show up to the house I know where plenty
of my own family members live and I
don't even show up uninvited and that's
my family and as you saw in the video
like I have things to do too there are a
lot of times where I was taking care of
my very sick girlfriend there times when
I was asleep and there are times when I
was editing my video we work to this is
this is our
job and like you're not going to go to
somebody's office when they're working
and you know disrespect them or bother
them you can't do it at the house and me
and my brother are going to try one last
time to just do this nicely we're just
going to make a video and ask nicely ask
politely
please stop showing up to the house
because there have been people who have
done much worse in some states it's
legal to shoot someone it's legal to
kill someone if they come onto your
property and other people call the cops
you know they go out and yell me and my
brother all we're doing maybe we're
being too nice who knows but we're gonna
try one last time to do this nicely
please don't show up to the house please
how would you like it if everything that
you saw in this video what's happening
at your house how would you kids like it
if your own parents were scared to live
in their own home that they'd pay for it
like my parents paid for this home and
my parents raised me and my brother in
this very home they feel like this is
their home yet they feel scared because
they don't know what's going on outside
that's a very very big problem we're
human too just goes where youtubers
doesn't mean we don't go through things
I'm not gonna lie me and my girlfriend
we we go through things sometimes we
argue we don't want to be trying to talk
things out and there are fans screaming
out of the driveway hey Brandon you know
why me and my girlfriend are trying to
resolve an issue or sometimes something
happens with me and my brother related
to something that we don't want people
to know about you know we have private
lives - our lives are on camera 99% of
the time so we should have that 1% of
privacy in our own home if we're giving
our whole life to you on camera then we
should at least feel that if the camera
is off we at least have a little bit of
privacy not oh we're at home we might
have some privacy or there might be fans
outside we don't want that you know just
like everybody else is supposed to feel
safe at their own home I think we should
be able to feel safe as well I don't
know call me crazy but that's just my
opinion you know this isn't even
everything these clips are just five or
six times I'm telling you this happens
every single day I just decided to
record some of them sometimes I didn't
even have my camera next to me sometimes
my camera battery was dead so I couldn't
record it this was only some this wasn't
even everything thank you guys so much
for watching this video I apologize this
probably was in the type of video you
wanted to see
it wasn't an entertaining video or a
funny video I apologize but I just feel
like this had to be said
me and my brother tried to ignore this
issue we tried not to talk about it for
months and months and months in hopes
that it would get better but that didn't
happen in fact it got worse so we
decided it was probably time to make
another video on this please for anybody
that lives in the area near here or you
know if you're passing by our house and
you feel like for whatever reason you
want to come to the house
just please don't maybe if we just ask
you guys not to come then you guys
wouldn't listen but I'm hoping after
seeing all the clips and how it really
feels for a family to try to be inside
the house with people disrespecting the
outside maybe if you guys see how it
really feels after watching this video
you guys would stop showing up that's
all we ask we really don't want to move
homes it's a hassle it's a lot of money
and we love this home so we're going to
try one last time please stop showing up
to the house real supporters of me and
my brother aren't going to show up to
our home so if you call yourself a real
supporter we'd appreciate it if you
don't show up to the home and other than
that thank you so much for watching this
video spread the word if you could if
you know some people that have been
planning to come to our home or if you
know some people who live in the area
that have been to our house please
spread the word share this video or just
tell them yourself you know hey it's not
the right thing to do it's not cool
anyways thank you so much for watching
this video and I hope you enjoy the rest
of your day
