okay guys Christmas gift shopping
finally over you don't even understand
how many hours were spent at the mall it
was crazy
and now it's time everybody's waiting
for me downstairs no I'm so tempted I
don't even know how I held this in I
it's so tempting to tell you guys what I
got Jackie for Christmas because I just
want to tell you guys so bad I love what
I got I feel like I got her the perfect
gift usually when I get someone a gift
I'm just like oh I don't know if they'll
like it maybe this isn't good enough but
no for Jackie I feel like it's perfect
so I want to tell you guys so bad but
we're gonna wait you guys are going to
be surprised how crazy is it gonna be
when Jackie opens over again a Z way to
like yeah I'd be crazy but she deserves
it yeah yeah Rocky knows everything I
got for Jackie's because she deserves it
she does so much for me not only when
it's old generic
what the hell did you do that's why
Jackie dinner Jamie yeah it's bad how
old are you days Junior no Jackie
deserves it because it doesn't even have
to be Christmas or my birthday or any
special type of day or anniversary she's
never ending like she does stuff for me
on a daily basis every single day while
I'm editing while I'm at the gym no
matter what I'm doing she's always doing
things for me materialistic or not she's
just always making me happy you guys see
in the vlogs and there's more off camera
all the gifts that I bought for Jackie
those didn't just come out of nowhere
those are because she deserves it so
much
rocky knows he was something like yeah
deserves it they've they've only been
here for a couple of days these two they
just came from Texas these are my first
cousins they've only been here for a
couple days and they even see how
amazing Jackie is they tell me oh you're
so lucky you're so lucky why do you
think that because you think she's hot
guys look wait look at my gift to Jackie
look okay guys this is well over 40
hours at the mall does sook what's my
new name I honestly Santa my new name is
Santa Claus wait this is really like
Brian you to everyone this is from me
look at this guys look all Dale's wrong
with you I did not get that I just
decided this Christmas time to give back
family friends
they deserve it do you guys think oh my
god are you serious
okay guys so it's time to bring all of
these down you don't understand how
amazing this feels to be able to give
back this much it's crazy all those
hours spent at the mall and on a side
note all those hours spent working on
all my videos and just it just feels it
feels crazy good it feels amazing to be
able to finally give that this is what
Christmas is all about it's fun to
receive gifts yourself obviously it's
really cool to receive a lot of gifts
but honestly Christmas is all about
giving
I feel better giving someone a really
nice gift than receiving once jackie has
entered the building
i need you to-- for my gift oh you have
to leave right now oh I have to go to
Trish if I have to leave early hang on
the church yeah okay
so who is this in from well just so this
is from Jackie her brother her mom her
mom's boyfriend and Nikki Jackie Sissel
I guess so nervous is horizon want a
fucking drone
yeah a drone are you kidding me up and
some weight thank you so much
she's trying to improve my content for
you guys are holding family thank you
should have brand anything I think
Jackie's throwing shots at me like I
don't improve your content here's a
drone oh so wait where should we go
first to record my first drone flow I
don't know now Jim no we're not going
the time the tunnel with the drone no my
backing her brother and her family
they've got so much this is gonna be put
to Eunice Ryan's already closed
yeah no I'm already I'm thinking of
where I'm gonna use this Thank You
Jackie for the gift thank you I know I
owe you some more that's it I said it
she sent more than 50 okay
that's how you were all Christmas days
okay we're not talking on this is dead
weight Brennan do you want oh go well
actually yeah yeah
it says from me how am i from that's
gonna ship thank you
okay so this is from Jackie to me are
two okay
oh wait I'll be other well why did I say
harden on the side no why why
guys I've needed new basketball shoes
for so long mine are raped
everyone comments on all my videos you
need some new Vespa shoes need some new
shoes hardens
James Harden to keep the Sun so it's
going to be a little hard for me to wear
these worse and finally I'm gonna try
these on I was gonna wait tomorrow but
the gym is closed on Christmas Day so I
can't play basketball tomorrow wait damn
those are nice just gonna have to be a
rise yeah no thank you babe I didn't
like those yeah GJ didn't help her pick
these out I did we want to put Locker
just felt like we would have three
different bloggers really yeah but some
lady was hitting on me over there I was
like look I'm just trying to buy shoes
oh crap
what was that guy hitting on Jackie
right I've needed new basketball shoes
for so long I'm so happy with these I
swear okay babe fine I'm coming okay so
this is another one I think this is too
big run bitch ever said if you don't
like it return it so I can get cash and
you won't get mad yes
watching the vegetable thing first of
all I was hesitant about the little Eva
setting it I'll let you know and bring
in some things it's like nothing
yeah like when I get super mad at the
Sun but I said all I just saw shoes how
many shoes do me
I did tell her I like these look last
big superstar oh wait can I at least get
in enjoy inside a problem kids yay
knocks I told I wanted these these are
really nice thank you babe because you
only turning guys who want to cook food
wait Sam peepee oh I love the small
machine he smells like Paris another one
is she prescribed oh Michael Kors guys
blood there's a diamond ring oh that
would be I see with the all-black outfit
goddamn Jackie Jackie Jackie went all
out
Jackie my god
wait let me a little Side Story like six
or seven months ago I went to buy myself
a watch and I was looking for months and
months and months and I never bought
when I ended up buying home for Jackie
like six months ago I never bought my
cell phone now I got this
kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss
that looks good with that outfit oh my
gosh my god right Jay look I got you a
Michael Kors watch two pairs of shoes a
drone hats at $50 you can open them yeah
with all that under fifty bucks
wait this is action super nice
this color with the all-black outfit
look rockin is still hard from this
James Harden thank you so much guys look
out Brian I look crazy right now
a lot you look good where's the fucking
blow hey guys so this is from Jackie to
meet Brandon
okay so me wrap it so my well Jenn
lovely lunch can you forgot the other
word what is it baby oh well this okay
background story
Brandon complains to me about his face
every single day about his wrinkled his
eye bag I actually every why me oh and
it has like ordinary skin turn the box
around yeah you have to open it oh
anti-age not to get vote I'm really 21
therefore result there's one for sure is
not for me I need it worse than you guys
I don't know whose jeans I got wrinkles
in my forehead wall wrinkles beforehand
take mine
wait why do you want wrinkles on your
forehead
anything I always tell Jackie on my baby
look at mommy single dad
exactly named Jackie second two for just
one though you only give them one Fisher
cat the flower one day sure
all right so from Jackie's brother to me
Simone oh my we like vomit for free all
my Eddie it Brandon stop stop random
random rant Christmas go do your feet ha
ha okay yeah girl so funny yeah shout
out GJ yeah why hide your game once it
will look more do it
okay - babe from Jackie Bay I'm tired
now
oh wait what did I you learn some
English I'm such a spoiled boy oh yeah
why
my present
oh shit I forgot to press record yeah
all the alert the one you got me for
phase one
yeah listen I could not get your money
more close because I screwed myself over
I've been buying him clothes surviving
things when it's not even Christmas or
birthday or anniversary yeah lightweight
Christmas is here we go last but not
least that's it what whom I saw Hey like
circled last year finally let's see
another shoes what he is yep hey I
wanted these guys thank you
oh gosh oh these are the boxing I wanted
them but I ended up not buying baby
three pairs of shoes guys I'm actually
so happy with my gifts thanks babe I'm
so happy this smiles not coming off my
face god I'm so happy
Ryan look more shoes alright guys so
it's 2:30 a.m. right now we just got
back from Jackie's house my family we
opened our gifts we spent our time
together and then after they got back
from church I went over to Jackie's
house we went at what midnight and they
opened all their gifts how long did that
take over two hours yeah no your mom go
like thirty gifts and now we came back
to my house so Jackie's spending the
night here everybody has opened every
good look everything is cleared out
except my mom didn't open her gift to
want to open actually on Christmas Day
everything else is open okay except for
Jackie you're scared these are my gifts
to Jackie these are the only things left
all
my cousins have opened there's my
brother has hope all of our friends I've
opened them these are the last things on
the menu first of all fries for angle
city I think bringing up me the best
gifts out of everybody just ding ok guys
so first of all before we start Jackie's
gift opening I just want to say thank
you to Jackies family they all pitched
him for the drone which is right here
and then when I went over to their house
they got me much more gifts so obviously
they need to Jackie for everything she
got me she spoils me on a daily basis
like not even on Christmas time and then
on Christmas time she did it 10 times
like I'm a spoiled boyfriend thanks to
her yeah look the hardened shoes I can't
wait to use her mom even got me these I
hom headphones color-changing ones
Scotty your mom's boyfriend got me a
Versace bag like a traveling bag Versace
I've never owned anything for Sachi so
he got me that I'm gonna take it to
Phoenix when I go down there last one on
the list last one of the night it is
time for Jackie to open her gifts let me
just say I spent countless and countless
hours shopping for these gifts no I
could have easily been like oh here's
some gift cards or here some money no I
wanted all these to come from the heart
I wanted all these to just be stuff that
she liked so hey guys so I know I was
extremely happy to receive my gifts from
Jackie her family and everybody else who
got me gifts my mom my dad everybody but
Christmas is about giving not receiving
so as happy as I was to receive these
gifts I'm even happier and way more
excited to give Jackie these gifts just
like I was so excited to give everybody
their gifts and I'm really
my mom told this one tomorrow morning
this if you can't tell a makeup bag from
Sephora oddly would you like that to my
guard for Christmas did you see you
found the pizza guys I have pizza with
any client okay I know you tried to get
the people's key remember
yes this is all I got dad shut it closed
closed for any girls that need
moisturizer this is the perfect one it
makes your skin glow thanks babe welcome
as we keep trying to get the pizza
Bosley you want buzzer you want the
pizza Bosley eh
Oh Bosley Bosley oh my gosh she went in
for the kill
okay okay guys so last night me and
Jackie decided we were going to open
Jackie's gifts until my mom and my dad
woke up as you see we don't open any of
them except for where's your makeup
thing we stopped after the makeup thing
so everything else is still there if you
notice we looked good last night in the
now it's the right when we woke up we
look dead okay so she open listen I
learned more things shopping for
Christmas about makeup I would know Oh
what she like this what kind of skin
tone I said I don't know what the hell
skin tone like here's a picture of her I
don't know just give me this one
so first mom might wanna turn
okay - oh you did oh not you're tired ah
yeah hover long sorry you're careful
cause you like this it's called a
bralette know what wait why do you like
it yeah it actually looks nice like my
tits are so small yeah oh um really sis
how do you know her size
I don't know yeah okay next is my
personal favorite - oh nice you're
putting it on backwards
the bras will still be in it I don't
know I thought the laces were in the
front what Jackie wears it will do a who
wore it best
- babe from babe I don't like again you
guys look good stop them finally let me
see the color oh my god that's her so
nice we can match now she got me we won
tonight yeah the reason is any song for
our shoes she wears like size six they
don't sell that anywhere oh we only have
size a size nine she has super small fee
so I had to go to so many different
multiple i/o and stretch them out
I'll see be a little more excited for my
time oh oh no don't get your hopes up
uh-huh yeah can you sit up don't you
think it is over she thinks I'll for
faulty wait someone last
the earrings she thought it was a ring
wait look why would they put it like
this it looked like a way to make girl
look let me see oh I love those really
those are so cute
they're from a jewelers wait black wait
why do they put it like it looked like a
ring even what you do whole girls like
that's going I'm reading today another
one's coming ok so this one if Michael
Kors doesn't like follow me back on
Twitter a shopping spree Michael no but
after all the shopping Ayesha better
Tommy Tommy I'm so excited it's a bag
again look how cute the bag first
when Michael does a good job that's all
it is this is so cute I actually was
gonna get this for my mom this is so
cute learning even the earrings okay
guys so this isn't focusing so you guys
can't really see what it is but it's a
Michael Kors bracelet mom do you like it
oh I'm gonna wear enough so there it is
guys it has like diamonds rhinestones
rhinestones
there's fun it it's so cute
please smile hey another one my best
friend
oh my owner on scared this is the
chocolate the
oh shut up Michael
at least my phone like puts in nice
stuff oh the purse no oh my god
that color look I so everything is
matching like no ever she's where you
are because she's this spoiled on this
look it matches even her jacket I didn't
even buyer that's right they said mm-hmm
there's nothing like extra on it because
it's all hand crafted it's all hand
crafted and there's only four hundred in
the world oh they said fielding so it's
not like I did the song for other purses
hey this is so cute hmm what Oh
crossbody I learned that not oh my god
seeing Brandon cross because I hate
wooly thing so I like oh my gosh this is
so cute
and it matches my bracelet look maybe
gave me better gifts in naive you know
you gave me stuff I can use like the
best well shoes mom yeah they said hand
crafts I know because there were other
pink ones but they said that this is
handcrafted and only 400 in the whole
entire world all babies are so cute I
love it and it has a little person here
Oh mom look look at the inside it's
suede oh yes
there's two more thing okay aa Li this
one I mean oh ho I'm just joking I know
it's okay he's too excited
is it's not a lot well you see the box
Oh Peter oh my gosh this is so cute
open it open it look it's white and pink
it's rose gold look guys you yeah I got
her the bracelet style type instead of
like you know that yeah
like see it has it's like a regular
watch from this side but it's like it
looks like a bracelet to anyone so rose
gold rose gold this is soaked you're all
like pink everyday I love cake babe I
don't know how to tell the time with
this like I don't get it it's not for
time I love it it's fine it's for looks
and fashion not time telling I love it
okay so I said that we'll start from the
bottom and go to the top so we have one
last gift I'm Melissa from running to
the puffer oh no dad you don't want that
one trust me haha okay so if you thought
the bracelet or purse or watch were nice
I told you we're saving the best for
love I don't even know if you know I
want you to turn around yeah just stay
like that okay guys I want to see I want
to see you don't trick me
hahaha oh my god a little oh my god I
want you to see your mother look right
is it focused yes reactionary
look oh my god oh my god hey guys so in
case you can't tell it's the famous for
wallets laughs you gonna do that pearl
that's where I want a bag that's it yeah
yeah yeah what comes with this gift is a
mental note that she has to wear that
every single phenomena so dope side
okay sorry for my lack of enthusiasm I
literally just woke up ah and if you
can't read they said don't even try I
have a boyfriend with that face
boyfriend no I like that smile if you're
so what is AI love huh oh yeah cause
before closing this video let me just
say one thing about Jackie how blessed I
am that I have as a girlfriend look at
what she did she yes she bought gifts
from my mom my dad my brother and myself
but not only that she went out and spent
her time and spent her money shopping
for all of my cousins so not only did
she shop for my immediate family she
shops for all my cousins all my aunts
and uncles my grandma and even my
cousins from Texas who she has never
even met before she shopped for them too
and even some of my family members that
I've never met her so they didn't get
her gift she got them a gift it's just
like she's such a good-hearted person
she's so selfless she's not like oh I've
never met them so I'm not gonna get them
a gift or oh they didn't get me a gift
so I won't get them one know she got
everybody in my family gifts she went
out spent her time spent her money and
it's just it's crazy how big of a heart
she has guys look so I finally wrestled
the fucking I wrestled these off of
Jackie finally guys so it's literally
2:00 in the morning right now and Jackie
they know and Jackie fell asleep you
take me call me call me weird or
whatever but when Jackie's asleep I like
to touch her earlobe I don't know if
anyone likes to do that and so I touch
it yeah and so I touch her earlobe and I
feel the earrings and I'm like babe no I
tried to take them off because I don't
want her to fall asleep with the
earrings on whatever I don't want to
fall asleep with the earrings just in
case she injured herself you never know
what could happen when you're near sleep
and she and she's she's dead asleep and
I'm trying to take them off in all your
hairs mm-hmm mm-hmm I said babe let me
take them off so she finally let me take
off the earrings yeah I had to wrestle
the set going off and then I tried to
hold her hand because I couldn't fall
asleep so I'm like okay let me just
fucking whatever song I'm trying to hold
her hand and I feel the bracelet and I'm
like baby let me take it off and she's
like mm-hmm and this is her inner sleep
babe give me it back
and I finally wrestled all my gifts off
of her she literally wanted them so much
okay but you can't sleep with them fuck
I don't my mom I just sleep with my
purse why did you take them back yes
they know you cannot sleep with things
what an experienced guys I'm just
something I wanted to say first of all I
hope you guys are all having an amazing
day merry Christmas to everybody and if
you guys don't celebrate Christmas
because I know some people don't I still
hope you guys are having an amazing day
nonetheless Christmas is all about
family gifts spending time with the
people you love and also watching
basketball so I hope you guys are all
having a really really really great day
this yesterday
this whole thing was just so emotional
you guys don't understand what it means
for me to finally give back I feel so
good I feel so good right now and it's
crazy honestly I don't want to talk
about it too much cuz I'm gonna get
emotional but I just want to say growing
up you know I just turned 21 so you know
I'm used to getting the gifts from my
aunts and uncles I'm used to getting
gifts from my grandma so for me to turn
it around and this year I was the one
who told them you know what you guys sit
back let me get you guys the gifts it
just it feels so good nothing feels
better than doing good for other people
and seeing the smile on all their faces
seeing them laugh and just be super
happy with their gifts it made me feel
so good it's just like it's an unreal
feeling and it gets me really emotional
just the fact that I'm unable to be in a
position to where I'm able to go out and
just and give back to my family give
back to my friends thank you guys so
much thank you guys I love you and it's
it's just a crazy feeling like these
people all my family members every
single one no matter if it's my grandma
my mom my dad my brother my cousins all
of them
they've given me so much while I was
growing up it feels so good to finally
be able to give back and same with
Jackie I can't wait for you guys to see
tomorrow's video because she does so
much for me it's just crazy
all those hours spent at the mall I
don't regret any of it I don't regret
getting anybody their gifts it feels so
good finally I've been getting and
getting and getting my whole life from
all of my family and now for me to
finally be able to be like hey you know
what let me do the giving you guys just
sit back I'll get you guys the gifts it
feels so good Merry Christmas to
everybody I could I coulda easily went
out and just got everybody cash in an
envelope or just got them some gift
cards but I wanted to I wanted to
actually dig deep I wanted to research I
wanted to remember what do all these
people like what do these people used to
always tell me they like when we were
growing up and I was never able to get
it for them now I'm able to get it for
them so let me try to remember and I
think I did a good job they were all
really happy anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
merry Christmas to everybody thanks for
watching hard work pays off that's all
I'm going to say hard work really does
pay off
