Brian you're so ugly
wait scooch in Oh scooch in his eyes I
see satyr scooting scooch in like goose
waits quietly Timlin so bad okay all
these pictures are for later what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka
Broadus
today is December 23rd by actually by
the time you guys are watching it
December 24th it's going to be Christmas
Eve so marry early clue married
marry early Christmas to everybody
watching and I hope you guys are all
having a wonderful holiday season guys
before we start the video let's just say
if I enter another mall I'm going to
kill myself oh my god bro like I'm not
going to the mall for another five
months right I'm not going for five
decades are you kidding me well I'm
tired of the mall I'm so incredible for
Christmas gift shopping obviously
because my dumbass waited till the last
second I went to Z Wednesday Thursday
Friday I went four days in a row you
know a normal mall trip is like one
maybe two hours maybe three hours I've
went each time for at least seven or
eight hours and you know what the best
part is I haven't finished shopping so
bad broke today I was there for eight
hours the day before seven and the day
before seven so in the last three days
that's that's 22 hours at the mall the
last three days and I still didn't
finish shopping this is so stressful by
the way shout out to all the fans we met
at the mall love you guys we appreciate
all the support we met so many fans if
my define better lining for like you
think so Brian I'm more of like a
natural life tough person but anyways
guys if I even like see another mall
Mike for me what hell is right now what
I think of hell I think of a mall like
that's hell if I see another mall and
like I'm gonna have nightmares of a mall
and I'm gonna have nightmares of
shopping it's so stressful anyways guys
speaking of christmas gifts you do not
want to miss tomorrow's video so me and
my brother are gonna post christmas gift
opening videos what we got I guess our
family and friends for Christmas so
we're gonna get a live reaction of
everybody opening their gifts on camera
is it the best part of holidays is
people opening gifts and they're fake
reactions like
when they really hate the gift oh my god
I love you thank you so much so we're
gonna get that all on camera a lot of
people are actually requesting a
Christmas gift reaction video so we're
going to do that for you guys tomorrow
on both of our channels but anyways what
does the only one you guys Brandon here
aka Brody's and today's video if you
can't tell by the title me and my
brother have a little funny story to
tell you guys we have cameras around the
house now but I wish we had cameras
around the house back then are you gonna
introduce me for the viewers Oh cuz like
I don't know you didn't say like oh and
I'm here with mom got a lot of desire my
head is literally flamed from the
Christmas shopping but in case you guys
don't know I'm here with my beautiful
handsome Purdy brother brother Brian
shoutout Faye's rug hey guys guys you
know really his name and my phone is
really brother Brian brother Brian look
look brother Brian brother this just
uses this let me show you Brian if mine
is just plain we're not making this
video what do you use anyway and I'm
gonna show them a picture of your cock
right here Brian
not even my fucking last name fine stop
shaking cocaine or meth but give me look
at my name in Brian's phone what's so
bad about that you literally says brand
your name is Brandon what the heck got
the focus I'll tell you regain focus
Brian what are you laughing at you
dumbass okay anyway guys I'm doing my
brother phase drug and today we are
bringing you guys a story about how my
brother shit in the bathroom and I
climbed the bathtub wall and nearly oh I
don't know amputated my thumb but we're
gonna start with this story first so me
and my brother in case you guys don't
know we used to you know shower bathe
together I don't know I don't know a lot
of people do that is that normal for
kids
ellee's yeah we were only like 18 or 19
18 water yeah saving me 18 or 19 okay
like eight or nine how old were we we
were
he's like eight or nine yeah okay or
maybe younger we were younger so we used
to bathe together and it was honestly
like so fun it was if there's one thing
I can go back to my childhood it would
be showering and bathing with Brian it
was actually really like how would we
play game yeah like I would lift my arm
and do this and he would move for money
I'll go like this and then he was move
for this armpit so we'd always be
together challenge together and one time
listen you know we're showering together
and usually every time before we shower
together like we're clean we usually
shit before on earlier today we've
passed before because it's not a
swimming pool like in the swimming pool
it's okay if you shit and piss in a
public pool that's fine put on a bathtub
so you know me and my brother are
sitting I always got the closer to the
land where the water came out cuz the
backside only cool
I remember that I would hate it better
I'd be so funny cold okay so it was in
this very house it's very bathroom this
is the famous bathroom where I took a
shit I would see it right here
first of all right under here so I'll
get all the warm water and he'll make
Brian sit in the back so he'll get all
the leftover cold water about a older
brother you gotta get some privileges so
Brian would sit in the back way bar
please tell me other kids used to bathe
together I was just just super weird
think people used to be together well
you have sibling value well if if you
guys didn't used to bathe together like
this is just a joke or just yeah we're
just kidding methylated so anyways Brian
sitting in the back and I'm sitting in
the front this one time I don't know
what like was going through Brian's head
confront I'm sorry I would have given
you a pass if we were like one or two
years old and you shit yourself but we
were old enough to know when the poop
was coming out and we were old enough to
speak like uh-uh
I have to go share like uh-uh I have to
go share when you're old enough the job
okay so we're just sitting we're chillin
you know when the steam that said when
you draw like on the moon I'm just a
writer like crushes first initials don't
we have to get and I used to write like
NBA players and NBA games ever since I
was a kid where it would steam up and we
would ride the ball teams and basketball
players up here so you know we're riding
and like out of nowhere I literally I
don't know
if I felt it or I look down I'm not sure
I was too young but Brian's here I'll
introduce you now brother Brian my
brother
Faye's rug shit in the bathtub he shit
in the bed John I was sitting next to
him ow
what did it doe like I didn't even need
to shit like it I was just sitting down
and like you just go no no good because
you know how I know today's slip out you
know what your shit slips out it's like
diarrhea there's like a Snickers bar it
was a full one so that I wanna see me
shitting in the battle no no I don't
know my gosh I wish I remember the exact
reason why I did it or if I like didn't
feel it coming or if I did it on parole
arsenic lies a bigger see baby stepping
ways that is how old that's all to shit
yourself okay
five five okay we were young I don't
know you tell us how about do we look in
this picture ha ha ha not that one no
you should see our faces this I'm okay
cover the car this Coggs cover the
Roosters careful okay so bright you
showed my car okay so bright you showed
my car bar you show my car ugly right
okay hold on you dummies hey wait first
of all look at my face why am I like
this yeah you literally like so scary
no no if you to focus a little bit okay
hocus pocus focus okay guys why my face
like this first focus in this picture
why is our tan line so bad look cuz look
at our tail line the ass is so nice fine
I had a bubble but mine is literally I
yeah your saggy yours is like the old
gilfs mine is literally like latina
bubble butt right there but anyways guys
first of all why did we take pictures
anyway that's me on the point so this is
how old we were and Brian just decides
to shit in the bathtub and what's so bad
right like I said I would have forgave
you go with an accent like if it was
slippery it because that means it's just
slipped out but that shit was solid like
a rock and I'm just like Brian what the
fuck did you do that for and we
remembered what we ate yeah you probably
ate some fucking talkies or something
cuz there's no Ashley you know there's
the first part of our story Brian
shit in the battery I don't need to go
you know you know what uh Brian told me
after I said uh caught up shitting in
the bathtub and he said it wasn't me gun
shooting in the bathtub it wasn't him
okay even though it was anyway guys this
second story it's another bathtub story
so I guess this video a lot of bathroom
shenanigans yeah some of them might want
to talk here yeah is some of the week
I'm just sure this you guys this was a
little game I don't know what we called
it but we used to like how stupid we
were like climb the fucking bathtub can
we show them actually really quick here
hold the camera guy so don't show the
cocks okay yeah but here's what I'm
talking about
so we would play we're like we climb
like steps like like I'm up here there
put our foot there try to climb up there
yeah try to like get up there some gap a
window like all this I don't know what
we were just some kids having some good
bathtub fun and if I did we ever well
game where like I feed you against the
wall no it's all this part of the story
where are you sure you're moving no no
like this and I'll behind you and oh so
this one of the story Brian we were
younger here he's just sitting there and
I start climbing up you know up up up
and I'm getting to like the highest
point fully naked not getting here I
fall oh this is bad word
this one was younger than the shit we
were variants I don't remember clearly
this was bad we fell or I fell I mean
and I don't know what happened to my
lung I know you're there here there here
there I don't know where hit but you
could literally see it your thumb was
basically hanging pump was like like
hanging off my face so and you could
like want to say see the bone because
let's not over exaggerate but you could
fucking see the bone yeah I felt let's
head back
let's head back to the storytime room
let's go they go liquid means rewind I
gunshot mean bow it was a we we were
working on but can overtime
okay guys so anyways yeah I fall and
there's blood blood is like gushing not
gushing like but like blood is coming
out it's dripping down and you can see
my fucking thumb bone and I'm just like
what the fuck
crying was I don't wanna say Dom because
yes okay party zero crying if I can if I
could say that you share in the bathtub
you could tell him that I was crying I
was a kid guys my mom I had to show her
I was like mom look at this and look at
all levels out of skip look oh wait is
that the song I was singing about you
come on know that what I'll see when I
was climbing the bathtub I was like some
say there's little to the shade then I
trust them up damn looking a little
miffed and I fell backwards some say
there's little to the shit and I trust
them up damn look you'll notice that I
fell backwards anyways guys my thumb yet
like I said bleeding bleeding bleeding
and I don't even know how that heals
like I said we were way too young I wish
my mom was home but she's actually out
celebrating an anniversary with my dad
happy and happy anniversary shout out
the 23rd Michael wedding third on the
27th winter
mom dad bachelor was happy anniversary
hope you're enjoying your anniversary
together sure they are we won't call you
and bother you guys yeah no but 23rd
23rd well I hope one day I can have a
relationship like mom what do they call
those birthdays like if you're turning
19 on the 19th is that what do they do
the same with industry I don't know what
I know that she I name okay so I'd like
a special birthday and like a special
interest only my third year of college I
think we've learned that yet yeah happy
to risk my mom and dad I wish my mom was
here so she could have told you what she
saw him what she said that's why I said
I wish we had cameras inside the house
at that time you so go mad you're having
that on camera Fred Brian yeah put it on
YouTube and get age-restricted but
anyways guys we have way more bathtub
stories but we don't want to tell all in
one video we have actually way way more
stories not just in the bathtub I know
like our childhood was so memorable if
you remember all of it like it's so
clear like like I want to go bet bathe
with you right now
yeah would you let me yeah why not and
would you do this and let me show you
know now watch we wait and then I bathe
in your armpit and then I bathe in your
armpit anyways guys drop a like if you
want to see more story time videos for
me and my brother I don't know whether
it's from our childhood whether it's
recent or whether it may be I don't know
a couple years ago but we have so many
stories high school middle to elementary
wait I need to focus it in what you make
your focus is you're gonna keep it in
there you know I know just making focus
yeah yeah guys drop a big fat like not
just very one with a big like that ah
yeah that like a Shaquille O'Neal like
if you want to see more story time
videos with my brother anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video
happy holidays happy holidays Merry
Christmas Eve and I hope you guys enjoy
spending time with your family don't
even say the M word ma ll guys I have to
go back I have to go back are you
kidding me maybe I wouldn't care if they
were like two or three hour trips but
like seven eight-hour trips and yeah not
I can do you think it's 1 mole per day
it's literally traveling north-south
fucking esque like with all these Brian
all these involved in one day but it's
great it's my fault for waiting till the
last second Brian what do I say what
dude huh dude - dude fuck you fuck you
do today do today you know what that
means
hmm Brian do you not watch any of my
videos weight was due today like it's
like the lightest I fit you today for
example if it's if the homework
assignments do today that means you just
do today like do today do it today and
that's what I used to use for like high
school and college and now I'm applying
it to Christmas Christmas today due
today
if it's due to front leg mayonnaise
tattoo no dude try to get rid of that
but it keeps sticking with me bad guy i
d ue today and then d all today
exclamation point so I guess that's what
I'm using for Christmas to look and the
worst part is you know how you say oh
you saw two more days the 24th and the
25th no we open gifts on the 24th and I
know
Jackies family opens gifts on the 24th
and everyone is commenting yeah does
she's Hispanic all Hispanic families
open Gabe's at midnight on the 24th for
the 25th one insurance so I don't have
two days I only have one more day and we
got to get these gifts done anyways
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys did enjoy this video leave
a like or let us know if you guys want
to shit in the bathtub with me and Brian
or if you want to climb it fall and work
your thumb off it's absorb that's ever
happened to you guys yeah or if that's
ever happened to you or if you guys
maybe have some pictures like this that
you want to share anyway thanks so much
for watching this video for bodies I'm
out rug I'm out and we love all you guys
that we met at the mall and we love all
you guys are watching this video bye
guys he shoutout I can't think guys one
last of all add to this video just
really quick cuz I felt really in the
mood to sing this song I just want now
tell me how can I rhyme or wrong listen
this should know okay no we didn't a
song which one this ready go if you
don't get the fuck from me I know you'd
all we add some in special but you don't
mean grade me cringe oh hell I'm sorry
not the one got everything I got
everything I cannot complain I can not I
don't even know how much I really made
all you I know how much you shared that
so I'm gonna get copyright Oh cuz we
seems so good everyone tells us we sound
like Drake I don't know how but I think
I yeah I sound like Drake Bryson tiller
I'm fede welcome bond yeah yeah no no no
guys but there's Brian's version I don't
even know how much a shit in the
bathroom I forgot it's a lot uh never
mind what I don't even know how much
blood I lost from that phone
I forgot hope you guys enjoyed that
little CD - yeah but I'm literally the
next Fetty WAP like peace guys before we
end this video we're here with a very
special guest who wants to wish all of
you guys a Merry Christmas Eve who is
that it's me
oh it's Jackie what a surprise give me
your phone oh wait leave this one
oh is that better lighting okay there
hold it up good we're so ratchet
are freaking lighting but what do you
have to say to the video I just want to
say that I love you guys and miss you
all and that I was shopping while me and
Ben were recording the video she was
getting more Christmas goose and I'm so
so excited for yes to see what I got
Brandon because oh that's in tomorrow's
video you guys and um I want to say
Merry Christmas I was in - Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas Eve to all of
you guys I hope you have a wonderful
wonderful day I've no idea what you got
me honestly like nothing I have no idea
what you got me someone he's gonna freak
out from all of them last year I had to
act a little fake surprise but this year
I'm really have no idea so you guys are
gonna get live reaction on camera enjoy
some time with your family your friends
I'm like so good with Christmas like
people call me Santa Claus because I am
okay goodnight goodnight goodnight guys
guys maybe you wouldn't take this long
and it wouldn't be that hard to buy
Christmas gifts if my family was not
literally five hundred people two
hundred aunts and uncles 100 immediate
family members two hundred cousins my
family Jackie's family friends like with
his family I've literally had to buy
like every single cousin I know again
this is my grandma's fault grandma this
is your fault why'd you have so many
kids and kids up my grandma aka my aunts
and uncles why did you guys have so many
kids
no but this all starts with my grandma
this is my grandma's fault if she didn't
have shoutout my grandma if she didn't
have twelve twelve sons and daughters
that I want to have to buy this many
gifts but my grandma decided to have
twelve sons and daughters a long long
time ago and now I'm screwed for
Christmas since I'm Middle Eastern and
Abba huge family and Jackie's Hispanic
so combined Hispanic family and Middle
Eastern family and it takes me literally
years to buy gifts but Jack keeps saying
that she can't wait to show you guys
what she got me and my family watch out
for the family so tomorrow's videos
gonna is very hyped up so I guess tune
into that anyways it's 2:00 in the
morning it's time for us to get some
sleep
Merry Christmas once again
