okay guys this last hey before we start
this part of the video I'm so sorry I'm
probably gonna cough the whole thing
like the whole time of the video because
I cannot stop coughing well why don't
you bring me those masks the why was
that the nail ladies we're okay guys so
she was a lot yes we just want to update
you guys on Jackie's sickness a lot of
you guys were asking a lot of you were
wondering you guys were like hey you
said Jackie was going back for more
testing for further testing because for
those of you who don't know last week
Jackie was feeling really really awful
yeah like very sick she had a really
high fever headaches but I should say
migraines what else like just very sore
body and feeling super weak did spinal
tap and I think that was probably the
worst pain I've ever had the sickest
I've ever seen here so yeah in your
whole life mm-hmm for sure so she went
to the emergency room she went she was
okay she went straight to the emergency
room they did some testing gave her an
epidural she'll put her IV took blood
from her and they said pretty much that
she was very very sick and there's a
chance that she has meningitis and they
told her to go back for further testing
so earlier today she had to go to the
hospital and a lot of guys were
wondering what did they find after
further testing is Jackie okay what
happened at the hospital so imma let her
explain exactly what the doctors told
her and just what happened at her
hospital visit well first I want to say
thank you guys for remembering I
honestly you guys send me so much
support on Twitter I honestly like I
tried favorite all of them thank you
guys
yeah thank you guys for even remembering
I didn't think anybody was gonna
remember until he told me he's like so
many before so thank you guys for yeah
so basically I went this morning first
of all I was so cranky because they
changed my schedule from 11 to 10 I've
been feeling super 6 I haven't been
waking up super early my doctor
basically just said she thought it was
more of like a stomach thing you know
there could be something in my stomach
that could be costing like all these
different
but it was like my head like just my
migraines have been getting the worst
I've ever had I've had fevers for like
like 102 103 super high Mike off and
then I've just been sneezing but
basically she said it's a lot of
different things at least that's what
she thinks we couldn't get the results
from the ER because which is dumb
because say they made her undergo so
much testing last week and the whole
time they were telling her come back
Monday for your results come back Monday
for your results she goes back Monday
and all they do is give her more tests
and more we think this is what it is it
might be this the doctor basically just
said that it could be a bunch of
different things and it's heading after
headaches they don't have any of the
other results so they have to do more
they just gave me like a bunch of
different medication for it and as of
right now they think that I do have
viral meningitis but it's like starting
they're just giving me a bunch of
medicine I have to do follow-ups right
now I'm scheduled for three so after two
weeks from now I'm gonna have to go
again it's a lot of testing a lot of
blood taking a lot of pee a lot of like
just a lot of medication no I don't like
when they prescribe my pills because in
my opinion a lot of the pills are
unnecessary but the doctors are trying
to make that why you guys unnecessary
pills I swear there's some of the pills
that they prescribed I'm just like no
there's painkillers antibiotics to
understand but some shit I'm just like
no this is unnecessary that's how
doctors make their money and I don't
like that you're the doctor I'm the
doctor now yeah stop short us off right
now I'm just still doing testing I still
don't know what it is but I feel a
little bit better so that's kind of good
I have a little bit more energy it was
bad last week like she would come to my
house and just fall asleep all day she
would have no energy even when she would
be awake she would just be like super
drowsy I don't know it's weird we
thought we were gonna get the official
results today that didn't happen but it
did kind of clear things up she's
feeling a little bit better for all of
you guys asking
thank you but the doctor still said that
it's most likely just like what they
thought viral meningitis and obviously
that's not good but it's better than the
other forms of meningitis because those
could be deadly so viral
I'm not saying oh yeah she has viral
meningitis but compared to what she
could have I mean that's fine thank you
guys so much for your support you helped
me out because obviously my girlfriend
is sick my goal is to make her happy and
you guys make her happy with your
support so you guys are helping me out
thank you guys so much for that on
behalf of myself and my girlfriend thank
you for remembering that she even had an
appointment today and asking how that
went
it's so terrible I hate it it sucks
we'll fill you guys in obviously because
she has follow-up appointments we'll
definitely update you guys thank you so
much for caring so much about my
girlfriend thank you so much for
watching this video
should they um buy some bra disappear oh
is it yes wait you guys can I tell you a
secret I wear that to the gym like twice
a week I've learned that to the mall
like four times
I warned that to sleep I just wear it I
mean you know I got erect my man guys my
to safer waters his girlfriend I'll make
that special for you
for you I have one of my friends gonna
wear Broadus his girlfriend uh brought
me bro waters has a girlfriend
you can make that appeal for me mmm one
last thank you to all you people who
comment on my videos some people they're
so nice they comment shoutout to Broadus
who is dealing with his girlfriend's
sickness and still uploading videos for
us thank you guys for noticing because
I'm not gonna lie this is Jack is
usually healthy energetic running around
the house fucking tickling me even
though I don't like it yeah you know you
don't want to know the arguments don't
tickle me babe and now it turned into
you know me trying to like cuz if she
has a normal sickness or she has a tummy
ache okay I'll bring her a cold towel or
a warm towel some ginger ale you know I
know how to take care of it with that
but this is just something so different
so I'm just like how do I take care of
her like this and I try to make her feel
better when I see her sick I get in a
bad mood I get upset so for all you
people noticing that I'm still grinding
out these videos shout-out to you guys
because I'm not here to complain I'm not
here to make excuses but it's hard
getting videos out and also trying to
take care of someone who might or might
not have meningitis but thank you guys
for noticing this sucks I don't like to
see my girlfriend in pain I don't like
to see my girlfriend sick seeing
somebody that you love every single day
just look like super weak and sick
migraines throwing up and even neck
tightness like soreness she could be
perfectly fine literally like you look
at her and there's nothing wrong with
her for like two or three hours and then
boom out of nowhere she'll be like babe
my stomach hurts she's coughing sneezing
she's super drowsy and weak and it's
just weird because I look at her dog
like babe five minutes ago you were fine
I don't know it's just honestly like the
weirdest I'm just like babe I think
she's getting possessed that's what I
think but I don't know at least and for
all you people who are hoping for a baby
bruh wadis or hoping that she's pregnant
my second appointment negative the first
thing they do was you get to the
doctor's is they a pregnancy tester for
me that's the fucking most you they do
the pizzas okay what is it called well
they just check your stuff she's not
right nigga they check don't worry and
what she is like getting tested I'm
literally wait first of all I had to lie
to my mother because today my mom was on
the phone while she was asking questions
and she knows also you use condoms right
because they have to ask you and I said
yeah wait we don't use condoms when was
the last time okay honestly the last I
can't remember what's the point what do
you mean what's the boom okay fine I'm
just joking guys stay strapped be safe
use protection Stace to a stay strapped
listen guys dying you brought it up you
know I had to lie to my doctor because
she said well you suck and I appreciate
your support heavily and thank you for
watching this video
yo guys one last thing I did want to say
before ending this video is that I
apologize I gave you two videos in a row
where it was just me talking because
regardless of what I say I know those
videos tend to be very boring and even
if you enjoy them I'm sure you'd much
rather watch a vlog or a challenge or
something like that so I do promise
tomorrow a really funny vlog
with my good friend Jay you guys all
love my promise to fool ball with him
we're gonna go Christmas shopping we're
gonna go to the mall it's gonna be a
fun-filled entertainment filled vlog my
apologies for today I was at the hostel
and it was just it was hard to vlog
today or to make any other type of video
because of what we had to do for Jackie
to make up for these past two days of
just talking videos I'll make tomorrow a
really really long entertaining funny
vlog so watch out for that once again
thank you so much for watching this
video
currently we're making tea for Jackie on
top of the fever migraines back pain and
possible meningitis meningitis she just
woke up right now she said her throat
hurts - this is something new guys fahza
what do you think about all this yeah I
know I know I know so the tea boiling is
it ready or nope okay and then the honey
and lemon and then where's the tea bag
you know tea bag from prison break oh my
dad loves tea bag so Jackie's tea for
her throat is ready in a mom cup I'm
giving it to her in a mom Cup mom for
sexy latina mommy the tea served up hot
I said the cup says mom because you are
mommy em am i up you have to drink a
while top the oils it's not effective
trust me
