you know what is going on you yo what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka bro
artist and today's video is actually not
going to be a vlog it's not gonna be a
challenge or a prank or any of those
types of videos and I do apologize for
that I really do today was my
girlfriend's doctor's appointment we
were at the hospital and she was getting
some further testing on her sickness so
we kind of had a busy day but what this
video is I have an announcement for you
guys or I guess you could call it a
surprise announcement I don't know so as
many of you guys remember when I hit 1
million YouTube subscribers a couple
months ago I hit one mil first of all
thank you guys so much for that I still
appreciate that appreciate everybody who
hit that subscribe button
love you guys so much to all you guys
when I hit 1 million subscribers I came
out with my first set of Robotics
apparel I had never ever made any
merchandise or apparel before that so
when I hit 1 mil robotics apparel
dropped and the thing about that it was
limited edition only available for two
weeks there was those types of things
where if you don't get it in those two
weeks it's gone forever and you can
never get it so I hit one milk uppal
months ago those two weeks have passed
whoever wasn't able to purchase Broadus
apparel it's gone forever right well a
lot of people have been tweeting me a
lot of people have been messaging me
saying hey yo bruh wadis where can I get
some apparel and I feel so bad telling
them you know hey the apparel at the
time ended the days to purchase it are
over so you know what I did I got on the
phone I was like yo please we need to
bring this apparel back we need to I got
so many people asking me where it is
what happened to the apparel and I want
to bring you back and you know the
company's like well it was only a
two-week thing I was supposed to be
special for when you hit 1 mil and I was
like yo I don't care these people are
asking for it go I love my supporters I
love my subscribers if they're asking
for I want to do it and the companies
like are you sure you want to do it and
I was like yes I want to do it so we got
it done everything was cool right wrong
you want to know why here's my little
surprise for you guys so they thought
everything was cool right the t-shirts
came out you know I think they were like
24 bucks and these little like crew
necks like the sweaters without the
hoods they came out I think those were
around 40 bucks and then the hoodies
came out you know regular regular price
I think like 55 or 60 bucks you know
every single youtuber that makes apparel
their hoodies go for like 55 60 80 bucks
and I looked at the prices right and I
called the company back and I was like
yo tee-shirt price is cool crewneck
price is cool but the hoodie yo 55 bucks
that's too expensive and they were like
well there's nothing we could do about
it
and I was like yo I don't need my
subscribers my supporters spending 60
bucks on the honey because I know it's
December right now it's winter it's cold
people are going to want to purchase the
hoodie not the t-shirt people are gonna
want to look at the hoodie so I told
them I was like yo I don't want my
supporters spending 60 bucks on a single
item of clothing and they were like well
I don't know what you want us to do
that's the price that's how much it's
gonna be you know what I said and a lot
of people won't believe me and I wish I
recorded the phone call but I'm telling
you guys straight up right now I told
the company I said you know what if the
price for the hoodie stays at 60 bucks I
don't want to release pro honest apparel
I told them I said I don't need to make
a lot of money off this I'm lucky that
people actually want to walk around with
a shirt with my name on it this isn't
the shirt by the way but anyway so I
told them I said if that price for the
hoodie doesn't drop I don't want to put
it out for sale and I don't want to say
we got an argument or a fight but let's
just say that the talks ended there I'm
like okay okay that's it no bro artists
apparel I lose out on it but I don't
care because I don't want you guys to
spend 60 bucks of your hard-earned money
on a hoodie and you know they call back
and after going back and forth back and
forth they're trying to tell me yo
Brandon are you stupid like are you
crazy this is your chance to make more
money and they were trying to tell me
all youtubers apparel they make hoodies
for like 60 bucks or 80 bucks why do you
want to make it 30 bucks and I told them
I said it's not even about the money and
I wish I recorded this because I know
there's gonna be a bunch of haters who
don't believe me but I genuinely believe
this I don't need to make 60 bucks off a
hoodie I don't need to make 80 bucks off
a hoodie if it were up to me I would
give hoodies out for free if it were up
to me I would put them on the website
and have everybody click and buy them
for free but it's not I can't do that I
don't run the company that makes the
t-shirts so they're trying to tell me
they're like yo you do you realize that
when you sell them for 32
so you're gonna lose money I was like
yes I understand and they're like do you
realize when you sell them for 32 bucks
that is less than all other youtubers
selling for and out like yes I
understand I have no problem with that
and they said okay well if you have no
problem with it then I guess so
boom we got it done hoodies are only
thirty two dollars we got the price down
shout out to you guys I told them
straight up I said look if it were up to
me I'll give it out for free and
obviously they can't do that so the
lowest I could have went down was 32 and
I got that down for you guys i'm telling
you we went through i don't want to say
argument but let's just say that that
wasn't the smoothest phone call that
i've been on but it doesn't matter at
the end of the day i got it done for you
guys hoodies are now only 32 if you want
to purchase the t-shirt go ahead I think
that's like 24 bucks but let me just say
the hoodies we knocked them down so
cheap almost 50% off from 55 or 60 bucks
down to 32 I guarantee you you won't
find any other youtuber Apparel hoodie
that cheap I did this for you guys man
I'm telling you
just a simple fact that anybody would
want to wear my own apparel that's nice
enough
that's crazy enough the fact that people
want to walk around out of their homes
to school or to the gym or wherever it
may be with bro wadis across their chest
I'm thankful enough for that I don't
need to make the most amount of money as
I could off of this appear I don't need
that because there's a lot of people who
work really really hard for their money
there's a lot of people who are as
fortunate as others so if you're one of
those people who aren't as wealthy I
hope that me lowering the price of my
apparel works for you my whole aim
towards this if you're not wealthy
enough to spend 60 bucks on a hoodie I
hope $30 works for you guys if not I
apologize I try my best to get it
cheaper and cheaper but that just didn't
work out this is the best I could do the
link is in the description below if
you're interested in purchasing this I
know there's a lot of youtubers who go
buy my clothing or else blah blah blah
go buy my clothing and I'll hit you with
a follow go buy my clothing and you'll
be my number one fan not man for me if
you don't want to spend your money on my
clothing I don't love you any less than
the people who do buy my clothing people
work really hard for their money money
doesn't just get thrown around so if
you're not interested in buying my
clothing or if you don't like the style
no hard feelings I'm not sitting here
and telling you
oh go buy my clothing I'm not forcing
you at all this video was not made to
force you to buy my clothing once again
I will repeat this video was not made
for me to tell you
hey everyone watching go buy my clothing
no I will say it loud and clear if you
are interested in purchasing Broadus
apparel go ahead the link is in the
description below if that's something
you're into wearing my apparel thank you
I love you if you're not interested in
in buying my apparel if you want to
spend your money somewhere else or if
you have bills to pay or if you just
fucking hate me and you don't want to
wear my clothing I still love you it
doesn't matter I don't love anybody any
more any less I love you guys all the
same you guys are all my supporters you
guys are all my subscribers whether you
have enough money to buy my clothing or
not I still love you guys all the same I
tried to go to all youtuber Appeals that
I know and I tried to make mine cheaper
and cheaper I tried to make mine the
cheapest out of all the youtubers I
don't know one last thing I have to
clear because some people actually did
purchase the same exact style the same
exact design when I hit one mil first of
all thank you guys that means a lot and
for those people you know cuz some
people are gonna be like hey I already
bought this t-shirt or the Saudi won you
hit one mil I'm bummed out I wanted I
want something new well we got news for
you guys because in a couple weeks or
maybe a couple months I'm not sure I
haven't really talked about it in detail
but what I do know is that in these
coming months either January or February
there's going to be a whole Broadus
apparel website not just one limited
edition item not just one exclusive
hoodie no it's gonna be a whole website
who knows hoodies t-shirts hats
maybe basketball jerseys basketball
shorts I don't even know the
possibilities are endless so this bro
waters design is something that you're
not interested in or it's something that
you already purchased I do apologize for
now this is the only thing that's gonna
be on sale but in a couple months mark
my words there's gonna be a whole bruh
wadis apparel website with multiple
different designs multiple different
colors so this isn't something you're
interested in again I'm not forcing you
to buy this at all I'm not gonna hate
you I'm not gonna dislike you if you
don't buy my clothing heck everyone
likes to spend their money in different
ways and if you don't want to spend on
my clothing I don't care I'm thankful
that you guys even watch my videos for
those people who are actually thinking
of wearing a bra t-shirt that's crazy to
me I'll
ever ever in a million years I would
never think a shirt with my name on it
no it's it's one thing to have a shirt
with my name on it
but it's another thing to wear people
actually want to wear it to school and
they want to wear it to go out they want
to wear my name on their shirt to go
hang out with their friends
that's so thank you so so much I am so
blessed to be in this position thank you
guys so much that's unreal to me I have
myself you know wearing Devin Booker or
Eric Bledsoe the fact that there are
people who want to wear my name on their
shirts it's unbelievable thank you so
much oh and I do have bad news really
quick if this is something that you guys
were planning on getting someone or
getting yourself as a Christmas gift I
do apologize the bad news is if you
order these they won't be here in time
for Christmas and I'm an idiot because
the reason for that is if I left the
hoodie prices at 60 bucks if I didn't
start that whole going back and forth
with them about me wanting to lower it
to 30 and they would have been able to
come in time for Christmas if I didn't
open my mouth and try to lower the price
of the hoodies they would have been here
in time for Christmas but I opened my
big mouth to get the best deal for you
guys so I ended up working I did get the
hoodies down to 30 bucks but the bad
thing about that is that since we were
going back and forth for so long book
they thought I was crazy they kept
repeating themselves they were like yo
Brandon do you realize that you trying
to make your apparel cheaper is going to
mean less money for you and I said yes I
understand that and they wanted to tell
me so then why the fuck are you doing it
but my point is since we kept going back
and forth and it actually took some time
for me to convince them because no other
youtubers do that no other youtubers beg
to have their apparel price drop that's
just a thought I was crazy by the time
we finally agreed on the price it
delayed the apparel being made which
delayed everything which means that a
few purchases it won't be here in time
for Christmas I'm not saying it's gonna
come in years it's still gonna be here
soon but it won't be here in time for
Christmas so I do apologize maybe I
should have kept my mouth shut
um so if that's what you wanted for a
Christmas gift I do apologize I really
do if you guys don't mind getting it a
couple of days late it's not gonna take
months for it to ship it's gonna be here
soon it just won't be here by Christmas
time and that's my fault because I was
trying to lower the price so that kind
of delayed the process so once again to
anybody even if you don't buy my bill if
you even
about buying my apparel or thinking
about buying it even if you don't end up
purchasing it the fact that you're even
thinking about like owning a shirt that
has my name on it thank you I would
never ever ever in a million years think
anybody would want to wear a shirt with
my name on it I'm just it touches my
heart I swear it really does so thank
you so much for that once again for the
last time I am NOT forcing you guys to
buy it people work really really hard
for their money they work hours and
hours and hours to make money so robots
appeal isn't something you're interested
in buying once again it's your money do
whatever you want with it I don't hate
you I don't dislike you it's your money
I'm not sitting here to force you to buy
it that's not the purpose of this video
the purpose of this video was just kind
of like a surprise announcement for you
guys and I wanted to show you guys out
that I was able to knock the price down
for you guys sometimes it's not about
the money not everything is about the
money sometimes happiness doesn't come
from money happiness comes from seeing
other people happy so let's see what
would I be more happy with selling a
hoodie for 60 bucks or would I be
happier with selling a hoodie for only
30 bucks and then that person tweets to
me saying hey dude thank you so much you
know since the hoodie was 30 bucks I was
able to afford it if it was 60 I
wouldn't be able to buy it I won't be
happier with selling it for 30 bucks and
then receiving a tweet saying yo dude
thank you so much for lowering the price
rather than Sonia 4:16 that person is
upset cuz you spent so much money but I
get more money no I'd rather yo not
everything is about money remember that
never let money get to your head life
isn't all about money disappear simple
its basic I made it this way so that
everybody could wear it boys girls and
you can match it with everything it's
just white and black so whether you want
to wear some blue jeans some khakis
cargo shorts basketball shorts white
shoes black shoes white socks black
socks I tried to make this apparel as
simple and you know basic as there is
but still have it looking nice don't
worry when I say simple I don't mean
simple in a bad way it's simple but
flashy and you can match it with
everything once again I hope the $30
discount is something that you got you
guys do appreciate sorry once again for
no vlog I do apologize for that and I
promise tomorrow we'll have a really
funny video I love you guys so much from
the bottom of my heart I mean that to
all my subscribers all my supporters
thank you for watching my videos thank
you for your support it really means a
lot you guys are so nice to me you guys
show me so much support you don't have
to no one's holding a knife to your
throat saying hey you
supporter Lauda's or else you're gonna
die no you guys do it because you want
to that's so nice of you guys so thank
you for your support
oh he slipped on the fucking go
