oh my god is he doing it again Oh Bosley
keeps trying to hump my dad dad it's
your fault you know when you wear the
pajama he's gonna do it
Chargers Raiders division game if the
Raiders win they clinch if the Chargers
win absolutely nothing happens because
our season is already lost
I'm surprised this is even close the
Raiders should have came out stronger
knowing that they're gonna clinch and
the Chiefs loss so this game means much
much more to the Raiders than it does to
the Chargers stop being bad to my dad
Bosley stopped oh my gosh Bosley will
not let my dad move that try to move
look Bosley oh my gosh
Bosley is holding my dad hostage dad you
have fun Bosley use protection because
that's fucking disgusting my dad can't
even move it's like Bosley's the evil
mastered he's holding my dad hostage and
if my dad even thinks about moving
Bosley does some bad like naughty bad
not-so-good things to my dad and he only
does it to my dad he doesn't do it to me
Bryan my mommy doesn't do to anyone
except my dad I don't know it makes no
sense
Oh Bryan we could leave I can't forget
my oil wipes oh they just found the damn
floor oh well you can't waste oil wipes
they're too expensive so even if it's on
the floor it's off to use it where are
we going
Souplantation where are we going where
are we going
Souplantation I'm the map I'm the map on
the map if there's a place you gotta go
I can get you there I know wood yeah
right
oh yeah I'm the one you need to suck my
dick on the map why there's gonna be my
first time getting in your car after I
got wrapped is there any different
inside no way he's lying I think yeah he
is
guys look what Jackie's sending me now
now she's sending me kiss faces
Bryan Jackie's on one earlier today look
so Jackie finally updated her iPhone
yesterday finally when you update your
iPhone you're allowed to draw on
iMessage you could send drawings she's
finally able to send drawings and look
the first drawing she sent me in the
middle of the night like past midnight
look and then when she found out look
this is what I see in the middle of the
night she said send nude sexy a couple
hours later she says you are handsome
where are my nudes why did she have to
open her phone now all she's sending me
she doesn't even text me anymore she
just sends drawings and then now she
just sent me the kiss faces when you
step into my spat no clothes oh baby
jumper no motion no Ryan Brides ratchet
now listen to this music think Ryan's
matches since when did you become wretch
I remember nice to listen to like
Shakira pink pitbull like all the radio
music and weak England
Enrique Iglesias haha fucking a Carla
song really place on tell you goes oh is
it
she got a lighter girl you've ever seen
before nothing you can ban to your
neighborhood or this she doesn't like a
girl you've ever seen before
Seve but this Aereo
it beats for you so yeah mom oh yeah I
remember Brian listening to like Big
Time Rush One Direction no big time rush
no big time rush is my favorite yeah I
know
have a surprise for you I forgot to tell
you what is it and it's not used a
condom right were quite so all that we
don't need to use condoms anymore
looking I'm just joking no Brendon oh
wait there's a user no I brought you a
non use to it
I literally used one before here Oh give
me yeah put it up how long is Jesus
our voice is so good that is gonna get
copyrighted like they're gonna think
it's just the way our voice is so good
right I'm telling you oh you know what I
told Jackie cuz this morning I told you
I keep my voice is really really good
and she started laughing and I said okay
funny about that I told I said when I'm
on stage like my first concert I'm gonna
fucking call around I'm gonna remember
that she's gonna be my motivation I'm
gonna tell the whole crowd you guys know
my girlfriend laughed at me and now I'm
on stage so anyways guys jackie is
taking a nap because she is still sick
as hell can't you tell Brian yeah she
looks a lot more pale and like no I'm
actually scared for she has a doctor's
appointment Monday that's when we're
gonna figure everything out for sure
Jackie's taking a nap right now and
there's no waking up I tried to wake her
up try to get her to come out but shit
out
she's woozy ya know who noticed she's
knocked out because of the fucking pain
medication that they give her it puts
her to sleep I try to get her not to
take but she has to do it she's in so
much pain so me and Brian decided we're
gonna go on a little date while my
girlfriend's taking a nap who eats with
you're my favorite yeah that's what I'm
saying like girls yeah pish posh but oh
and it's not even busy we are going to
Souplantation wait I don't think they
have some location everywhere put in a
video and then take the sign off oh yeah
if you guys don't know what
Souplantation is pretty good it's
usually supposed to only be for like old
people like you have to be like 80 years
old or older to come here but me and
Brian love it yeah yeah yeah that'd work
joke joke joke joke joke
tasty huh
for the whole bottle for the bottle
oh that's g30 oh I can get it as a gift
for my girlfriend then I'll have to buy
anything else thank you
they just had Brian taste test
red wine he's not in 21 and then he
asked when she brought he's like wait
it's for my salad or do I drink it she's
trying to get Brian drunk to rape in hey
wait since when
at Souplantation why I know like we
literally walk in and she's like you
guys want to taste the wine and I'm like
yeah sure no you said it's on my salad
or do I drew yeah yeah but as
Souplantation since when turn up at
Souplantation
guys I love this song wait a little too
quiet you see I'm not gonna write you a
love song there's another way
right away they saw me
I love song today guys I don't even sit
across from Jackie me and Jackie sit
next to each other but me and bronze of
course we have to sit next to each other
couples are supposed to sit across from
me and Jackie sit next to each other I
just like it that way
Steph Curry lobster bisque you does that
soup shoot breeze this soup is a good
three-point shooter
oh sorry people literally think I'm
crazy when I vlog in public I swear but
I do for you guys
wait Brian breadsticks pizza Oh Brian's
about a burn is damn arm off with the
soup and I keep trying to vlog Brian no
you're right I caught you
pitbull and ACON oh no one this is my
mom wha um you have the song that Jersey
Shore used to get ready to remember fine
surprise me just go next
salad DJ turn it ever right back rub
next next my fucking cell phone
Houston fuck a cell phone
oh that's my mom Brian imagine Kyle on
the vlog just imagine hot one like call
my mother gas station oh yeah but you
can't go from that were there someone
pumping gas guys
Brian's dumb ass literally took me to
the gas station after we ate and he said
wait Brandon I'm serious
you have to teach me how to pump gas oh
listen said Brian what the fuck you mean
stop each time I pump gas like the thing
keeps going up I put it in perfectly
exactly how you show me once I clean
glass like that and I put the lever
thing on it that it just stops after
like Oh Brian's problem is he has to
hold the gas pump the whole time he
doesn't know how to put the car gonna
teach me
yes I'll teach you he doesn't know how
to along with a snow this was supposed
to be a secret okay well Socrates Ryan
how to pump gas and let it do it by
itself where you don't need to hold it
yourself I can't remember the last time
I helped a pump the whole time I always
got the click on I don't know
okay so you got step one Brian at least
she knows step one he knows to take this
off the car so this might not be as hard
as I think Brian at least you know how
to take this out of your car wait you
know how your sis premium recommended do
you ever put premium this oh you put
that Oh
clerk ins what you have to pay the clerk
a floor up with a vlog of course I has
to happen I can't update the long run
what's going on of course Brian's car
doesn't work so we have to go inside to
pay the clerk to pay the clergyman
good win today
wait the penguin we did
Brian's card doesn't work what was the
number oh the number was way through
your it's it's three guys every time I
come to pump gas
I either pump air glenn cheales number
number two or Devon Booker's number
number one I only go to one and two
Brian came to Jared Dudley Brian wait
you already did something wrong you're
only supposed to go to book or a
blood-soaked Booker right here blitz on
the other side okay so put it now put
that there and that's it look because
you have to press it in Harlan hold on
wait yeah oh yeah
Oh Brendan helping them out look at
Brandon look at sting Brendan you got it
right
all you have to do you have to do a hard
look look you press it hey hey how
you're supposed to do it that's our or
okay then don't break my gas shit you
used to think you was just like this
right that's what I thought too but no
you have to watch it's gonna stop okay
yeah yeah exactly I told you not to
freakin mess with it what the hell's
wrong you don't know how to pump gas
here that's alright
alright that's it it's not gonna stop I
put it in so hard look it's not hanging
off oh Sh I stepped in all the gas wait
am I gonna burn on fire now oh fuck I've
seen that shit in movies were you doing
bad things to Ron Bosley gonna play to
steal really I don't even last this long
wait Bosley how do you last that long
like what tips and trick longest Amar'e
all gone way but what is he doing bad
he's a boy he has to get do things how
does Bosley last that long don't get me
wrong I could last but Bosley ever since
we're into Souplantation you're still
doing it that's ours Bosley should be
the people on the ads like on the side
you know last longer last 45 minutes as
balls Brian are you ready me and Brian
or should I say Brian and I for all you
grammatical police out there me and
Brian are about to play a game of two K
now I don't play video games Brian I
knew it grammatical look at how bad I
beat them I was losing some calves Hey
look at the score score summer you
dumbass
a hundred sixty-three
okay what difficulty were they on Bosley
all right let's go okay me and Brian are
about to play 2k no excuses but I'm
playing against a retired gamer so where
are your retired gamer or a current
gamer because last time I called you a
gamer in my vlogs a lot of people in the
conversation he called rugged gamer yes
my brother's a gamer yeah guys like if
you didn't know I started out gimmi I
still gained here live me bruh is Brian
NBA 2k wait you remember who this was my
first ever video that did good when I
first started youtube on do you remember
my NBA 2k per watt is restrained Road
and I remember it hit 20,000 views I was
so happy oh you got that video bruh
water to his face well it was my first
ever good video I guess it hit 20,000
views after like a couple months and I
went up to Brian I was like Brian 20,000
you where's oh I won't freakin face
scuff what am i doing where the face go
hey cheater you can't cheat with the
scuff wait babe are you gonna watch me
and say go baby she's gonna cheerlead
for me while I play NBA 2k wait brian's
cheating he's using the scuff what the
faze clan scuff nice matching robes my
mom brought you a blanket our whole
family takes care of her and you're
still not healed what is this wait does
that controller like she isn't if I
press these two buttons I automatically
win okay then don't use that one cheater
I'm not playing you that one Xbox women
I'm ready wait we have to do the update
Ricardo Sanibel game if you're using the
cheating control I want to play so like
if you shoot from full court with that
controller automatically goes in guys by
the way in the future if you want to see
a NBA 2k video of me vs. my brother NBA
2k leave a like on this video drop a
thumbs up on this video if you would
like to see me verse my brother in an
NBA 2k video soon not today but sometime
soon
you don't want to embarrass me Brian I
literally suck at video games even
though it's basketball and I love
basketball I suck at all video games
guys we're about to pick random team
Brian you go first Brian's playing at
home cuz it's his room so he gets
home-court advantage I'm so see you go
first
Rando brand oh wow I don't like the
Grizzlies I know I even tell Brendan
look really so important to lock
they are but they win games that's all
that matters okay there's my random
imagine you got the sons you toy not bad
George Hill Gordon Hayward Rodney hood
Derrick Favors Rudy Gobert yeah there's
a good matchup
to grind it out defensive-minded teams
wait this is a good matchup two teams
who love to play defense Kelly Oubre
look babe
which team urgently dr. Kelly brake the
Hawks and then you got traded to the
Wizards the Hawks then you got traded
watch ah I knew it
babe look Kelly Oubre got hit you hate
him why Sandra Brian I've met him like
multiple times he probably know me I met
him at summer league twice saw him again
at the Drake concert yeah yeah I said
sub Kelly said eh what's up bro find a
few thing about it this could
potentially be a first-round matchup
jazz and Grizzlies a four five matchup
maybe Kelly who raised every girl like
he's the light-skinned God yeah baby
hey my bad luck I miss hi how the fuck
can even shoot straight
haha the game is in two minutes in and
I'm even on a shoot wait this is so real
Oh Boris you bitch Laurie hey ah oh babe
you're so loud go baby almost am damn
cut guys I'm calling out to Kay Derrick
Favors is back from injury he's healthy
and they don't have him in the game
why can't use Derrick Favors and Brian's
cheating with the scuf controller cut
out when I was shooting free throws you
did to the whole screen that's what the
scuf controller does now I know when I'm
shooting free throws it makes the whole
arena shake and I still made both but
I'm mad Derrick Favors is healthy and
real-life he's back on the team and to
Kade in an updated because isn't this
cheating look at the screen if Brian was
up by 16 in the second quarter get a
violation guys I just tied the game I
was down by 16 in the same quarter
hahaha
EJ Shaq Kenny where's Chuck this is the
worst choke job ever Brian look I'm up
by two
Brian was up by 16 like five minutes ago
and Rudy Gobert who is as long as my
dick literally had like four blocks
sorry Brian
I get high okay guys Brian what's the
score 78 77 years
78-77 I'm up by one how much time left
baby here you can record the ending by
brain you started it
I'm in and a half life I'm up by one my
ball I was up by 60 am full and go bear
the Stifel fucking tower saving me gotta
kill the clock and Boris the owl the
French Akash is waiting for me
boy no
oh yeah hey Joey go fuck my house no Joe
angles the men hey Gerry well I'm
playing basketball
charging festival what what the charging
fell over when I have another Italian
scenery my calling is a break he meets
some milk
come on Marcus all easy
hey guys I'm here I'm a by 2 in 52
seconds
get back bitch boys the out the French
800 wait yeah
he's too fat that girl's gotta be down
on the floor like that go ingles bleep
this is all emoji slowest Oh Boris I
have one one - Bridget Aggie he choked
me four on one that's against the
community guidelines with you I don't
care we're on one and I literally missed
it I love words we got thinking my Megan
bore some French baguettes afternoon
okay men Rudy Gobert the French twin
towers oh yeah Tony I'm gonna dunk on
Rigobert in real life crime you have to
foul by this is fuckin bullshit ass
right now help him no this is actually a
not welcome man
Gosha hey go over no no actually Oh guys
he's gonna cheat gonna shake on Wall
Street ready ready Sam you can't get in
the head of shelving me hurty Ryan had a
16-point lead this game I know I turned
it over to miss Olivia
so much for my calling fucking
historically large contrary my colleague
you literally SunRun elite you gave it
in person hey God my probably makes so
much damn money
why the fuck are you being with Michael
Connelly senior any 425 you talk to me
never was possible
was that a drum beats another okay
without a high scoring game 416
accordion 85-82 i won actually what do
you have to say Brian well Doris Burke
here with Brian awarded I was a 16 songs
playing around the whole game no you
were
look at my whoa no no back yeah this is
how I play 2k this is how real doozie to
play 2k
yo guys Brandon here aka bruh wadis I
just want to stop by and say I hope you
guys did enjoy this video I'm sure you
guys like this video because you guys
love my brother but we had fun me and my
brother spent the whole day together
yesterday I'm I just want to address
something really quick before I did
close this video out because I noticed I
was going through the comments on my
video yesterday and a lot of people were
commenting you know this video is boring
I'm on something from your channel
because your content the past couple of
days has been shit I've noticed you're
not working hard on your video recently
so I just want this up by and say I know
my videos for the past couple days have
not been the best video they haven't
been the most entertaining videos that
I've been putting out and I'm not here
to make excuses for myself but in case
you guys forgot my girlfriend we're
dealing with something like right now
she's actually at the hospital I'm to go
visit her they're doing some more
testing on her my girlfriend is very
very sick right now this is the sickest
she's ever been in her whole life this
is I guess the biggest struggle we've
dealt with in our relationship because
she's she's not healthy right now and
it's not just the regular sickness it's
actually really scary so I understand my
videos for the past couple days have not
been the most entertaining videos but
I'm working with what I have I'm trying
my best to still put out videos while
also dealing with if we're being honest
one of the hardest things I've ever
dealt with in my life this is my
girlfriend this is a girl I love and it
kills me to see her like this
so it's hard for me to bring out really
good content and record really good
videos while I'm also looking at the
girl that I love going through such a
painful process so I do apologize for
all those people who have unsub or who
stopped watching me just based off my
past couple videos I do apologize but
for all the people who are saying you
know oh you don't try anymore your
content shit it's not that I'm not
trying and it's not that I'm not putting
the work in
it's just that I'm going through
something it's life we all go through
stuff and I just hope you guys don't
mistake it with me not working as hard
because that's not the case I'm just
dealing with something in my life right
now
it's actually really hard for me to get
videos out at this time you know I have
to wait until my girlfriend falls asleep
and then I edit a little it's like it's
really hard for me to get videos up at
this time
but my girlfriend's going through this
so when I read the comments actually
they actually put me in a pretty down
mood because I'm just like I could be
taking these days off I could be not
even uploading but instead I'm trying my
hardest time I'm trying my ass off to
get vlogs up for you guys and you guys
comment you know this is Shay I'm unsub
II you don't work as hard as you used to
no but I am trying I'm trying my best
but it's hard with what my girlfriend's
going through by the way there were a
lot of people who understood but there
are a lot of people who said hey his
girlfriend is she's going through
something right now so at least he's
putting content out there and thank you
guys so much for that because you guys
understand I need to go to the hospital
right now because my girlfriend's
undergoing some more tests I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you so
much for watching and I hope you guys
are enjoying your Monday I love you guys
all and thank you for all the support
and for all you people who understood
and didn't unsub or didn't criticize me
just based off a couple videos where I'm
dealing with something in my life thank
you I really do appreciate you and just
thank you so much I'm trying my best to
make my vlogs as interesting as I could
with what I'm dealing with right now but
it's it's really hard I'm like put in a
position where okay I want to record a
good video but at the same time my
girlfriend is super sick so I am trying
I try to make my videos interesting no
matter what I'm dealing with but
sometimes just life those things are you
that you can't control but I hope you
guys at least enjoyed this video and
just don't forget I am trying
