we both felt that don't you worry I know
we both tried to swallow it we love you
guys thank you so much for watching for
good boss go Bosley go basel you go oooh
keep going girl keep going sister
cheetah girls cheetah Oh Mia cheetahs
friends for life guys you know what
video I want to do I should be Gabriella
and you'll be joined we can remake high
school music you know I want to be
Gabriella you be Troy oh no I want to be
Troy when he runs down the hills and you
know the song and he gets all mad and
everything no oh my gosh look he rested
again my buddy how's it going pal you
good you good bro oh my god he just
checked out your babe literally caught
him right as soon as you walked by he
turned it look lip again you good good
bro oh my god you just ripped Bosley I'm
right in front of you looking at you
I caught him his head turned just as you
walked watch watch so she goes oh now he
didn't do it because he knows I caught
him look I turn around for one second
and Jackie's cleaning the whole table
babe you need to relax you're still sick
yeah girlfriend goals
oh wait behind the scenes of the
lighting even when she's sick and I'm
trying to clean my room or do something
she'll be like babe let me help I'll be
like babe why don't you relax please
it's better for you holy shit Bosley so
mad at us because we ate his treats
Bosley it was just for a challenge I'm
sorry and we gave you some after - come
on buddy you should be happy you don't
have that brain tumor it's okay okay who
got a bath today did you go in the car
and they and then after you got a bath
did you go for a walk guys I love
talking to Bob Lee because he looks so
deep into your soul he makes it seem
like he's actually gonna talk back I
swear like he's actually gonna be like
you open and shut
don't you think if Bosley could speak
that would be the first thing he told me
if Bosley ever has the ability to speak
I feel like the first thing you would
tell me you would come up to me like hey
Brandon shut the fuck up
you were deep serving everything hmm
what's tomorrow
haircut mm-hmm my haircut thank God
shout out shout out Paul the barber
peach did it mm-hmm again oh yeah can I
get a skin tapered face enough cut
enough this is why I love my girlfriend
I let her control the TV she had the
remote and she chose to put basketball
shout out babe the Tabasco still yeah my
lips are a little alone my dad's at work
my mom went out with her sister so me
and Jackie have the house to ourselves
we're gonna spend the rest of the night
just watching basketball chilling
relaxing relaxing acting all cool all
shootin some people outside school to a
couple guys there ain't no good shanshu
in the neighborhood I got one in a
little Billy do you know that song song
and then I would say I'm like oh Paris
Hilton or whatever it should be like
they keep it that way who's gonna go
downstairs and go poop outside not in
the house though outside let's go good
boy 8:00 you were sleeping on my dirty
socks Bosley let's watch the slinky move
downstairs he always stops here I hate
it and he doesn't go down into T give
him a little love tap on the booty watch
see what kind of dog does that he comes
down these stairs then he stops right
here until you go poop to his butt and
then he goes down okay let's open you
the door so you can go through your
morning shit
shout out morning shit
come here Bowser the doors open don't
make me give you another booty love-tap
good boy
and all that food you've been eating but
I know that doesn't just stay in your
stomach it's got to come out okay guys
so I have something funny to tell you
guys this sandwich is gonna get me in so
much trouble I swear just watch this
sandwich right here the bite that I'm
about to take it's gonna get me in so
much trouble let me tell you why so
Jackie's upstairs sleeping right now
she's upstairs she's asleep you know I
tried to be a good boyfriend so I
usually wait for her to wake up so we
can eat breakfast together but it's so
late she's been sleeping for so long
that that's cuz of the pain medication
that they put her on for her sickness it
makes you sleep it makes her really
tired and really drowsy so she's been
asleep she's not waking up anytime soon
so I got hungry your boys gotta eat I
made these super skinny like a twig way
way too skinny
not how I like it to be but that's
beyond the point I'm human I still gotta
eat no matter how skinny I am I still
gotta eat so so Jackie always tells me
the worst thing you could possibly do to
her is eat without her she literally
tells me babe you know what's worse than
cheating on me eating without me and I
said babe why every time I eat without
her she literally says I'm the most
unloved or and ever she said I might as
well cheat on her she said that's the
equivalent of cheating on her your boys
gotta eat I'm so hungry
so yeah that's sangwich it's gonna end
our relationship
hey brother Brian just came out of the
chopper is a sandwich worth it it decent
let's just hope Jackie doesn't find out
I gotta clear all the evidence maybe the
pain medication makes a little crazy so
she won't even notice
I don't know hopefully for those of you
confused saying wait why does Jackie get
mad if you Louie alone and not with her
first of all she doesn't really get mad
she gets jokingly mad or at least that's
what I think but not for all you people
wondering why she takes food very very
seriously she loves food wait mom what
would you do if dad ate without you yeah
like that's okay right
Jackie says if I eat without her it's
like committing a sin so guys me eating
this sandwich if Jackie doesn't find out
get away with it that's like robbing a
bank and getting away with in the cops
not finding out mom yesterday me and
Jackie did the what's in my mouth
challenge was probably the funniest
challenge we've done I'm gonna edit it
yeah I'm gonna edit right now so yeah
guys I'm actually about to start editing
the what's in my mouth challenge and
obviously if you guys are watching this
vlog then the what's in my mouth
challenge was already uploaded so if you
didn't get a chance to watch that go
check it out was yesterday's video and
honestly that was probably the funniest
challenge that me and Jackie have done
it was a mix of funny nasty disgusting
it was in my opinion one of the funniest
challenges that we've done and it was
voted by you guys on Twitter we asked
what video you guys wanted to see and
you guys voted the what's in my mouth
challenge guys my new way of calling
Brian when I want to talk to him I don't
just say yo Brian there's what I say hey
brother Brian that's a call to you so
here's a little example of what went
down in yesterday's video
she put her damn toe in my mouth her
damn toe her whole foot look look at
that low-key kinky though I did I'm not
gonna lie I liked a little bit or maybe
a lot a bit guys I want to start doing
that more often wait not the toe licking
well actually yeah the toe licking but I
want to start doing this more often like
I said I asked you guys well video you
guys want to see on Twitter and you guys
gave me this idea so I did it based off
what you guys wanted to say I want to
start doing that more often where I
asked you guys what you want to see and
I do it for you guys
Bosley Jackie's here let's go let's go
see her from the garage come on look at
this smart dog though from the garage so
guys Jackie brought some jack-in-the-box
she still doesn't know that I ate in the
morning hey BAE oh my gosh not the milk
shake I thought we were supposed to be
eating healthy I love my fingers
haha what is it cold guys Jackie thinks
what is this called a hash brown right
guys Jack no Jackie thinks the hash
brown it's called a huge Tater Tot why
and kind of tatertot they give me this
do they really yes oh wait maybe I might
be wrong
I don't know but according to myself a
Tater Tot is a small potato than the
point down in my shelves in his pockets
not that the first time she ever
me jack-in-the-box a long time ago she's
like damn I brought you a Tater Tot and
I was like wait they sell like single
tater tots and she pulls out a hash
brown but anyways guys so I have to make
my confession to Jackie what look she's
already matching it he has no idea why
she's already mad I woke up cranky I
only thought two hours ya know before I
give you my confession tell them just as
we thought the sickness was getting a
little better tell them about your night
of sleep
no I didn't love you guys probably see
these guys I literally could not sleep I
went to sleep at like 650 in the morning
all night I was like that so much pain
so bad I took you know medicine for it
and it just was not healthy so god very
cranky so whatever you need to say say
just as we thought their sickness was
going away and getting better it turns
out it's I don't know you said you had a
migraine back pain we're just gonna wait
till Monday till she gets further
testing and then we don't even want to
talk about it anymore because sometimes
we say it's getting better and it gets
worse sometimes we say it gets worse and
actually don't save and yeah it's random
so we're just gonna wait until the
official doctor testing so I don't know
how to spill the beans but let's just
say that Jackie woke up and then today I
was editing so she decided she wanted to
get us breakfast
I told you I told her I didn't want
breakfast you know I wasn't hungry the
reason I wasn't hungry is because I'm a
zombie it normally be nicer to die in
the morning when you were asleep you
slept so long bleep I want to sleep okay
I accidentally ate a sandwich sandwich
the one from yesterday the boredom mood
was arrest me now take me take me to
hell I am freakin meals all I did was
eat I ate that's it why was it I asked
my mom I said mom what would you do dad
ate without you she said nothing
exactly yapping married it so if we get
married right now then I can eat without
Jonah wouldn't matter no it has to be at
least 20 years
well I don't care anything I'm not gonna
be 11 20 more years out the things that
I eat every day fuckin fast food and
candy two years two years pushing I
don't know if I'm gonna live two more
years okay guys
in my opinion I'm lucky I go to the gym
because that alleys balances out a
little what I eat the fast food and
candy look at this
I go to Target to buy deodorant babe I
go to Target to buy the odor I leave
with sour punch straws fucking blowjob
and look or blow pop whatever the fuck
it's called oh babe hold on look what
you don't know after you fell asleep
this was open I ate oh my god guys if I
eat a meal without Jackie that's bad
enough
but if I eat chocolate without Jackie oh
someone fucking kill me now
the camera shut off but I was still
getting yelled at don't get it
misunderstood guys so let me tell you my
plans for today your boy is finally
getting a haircut you know how long it's
been babe do you know do you know how
long it's been seven days seven days
shout out Paul he made time to take me
today he was very busy so I need to
finish editing my video and then I need
to go get this you know that and then on
the skin taper and then with here it's
it's the razor blade not but mechanics
of us what about Brian oh for Brian
I said Brian's pubes for him anyways
guys so later on today after I finish
editing my video wasn't the challenge
super funny actually she got burned so
bad are your lips that oh that's
probably why you have the milkshake here
yeah I know my legs hurt so bad that's
really why I wasn't serious yeah that's
okay why did Mac my frickin head I mean
actually later on today after I do get
my hair cut we need to book our flight
so Jackie got the gig I'm so sorry to
interrupt you I said we need to grow
like I know you're gonna say I need to
break up enough yeah so the jockey and
later on uh Franco we need to break up
and then that wasn't say what no guys me
and Jackie are actually flying out the
Phoenix after New Year's on January 2nd
we're going to be flying out the Phoenix
and we're planning a meet and
we don't know exactly which day yet but
one day in the first week of January
maybe January 3rd 4th 5th first week of
January we are going to plan a meet and
greet in Phoenix Arizona so if you're in
that area or if you're interested in
traveling to that area for the meet and
greet we're gonna be there so the last
time I went to Phoenix Arizona in case
you guys don't remember Jackie couldn't
get the days off of word excited to meet
angry by myself so many of you guys
showed up I got so much love I was
speechless I made a vlog that day and in
the vlog the whole time I was just
shocked at how many people showed up so
thank you so much for that I can't wait
to do my second when I had a blast a lot
of people over there were tell me that
they had fun meeting me no it was the
opposite way I had fun meeting you guys
it was my first ever meet and greet and
I wouldn't have had it any other way so
Thank You Phoenix for showing me so much
love he was so happy he cried guys but
he told me he did so I was extremely
happy that was my first ever meet and
greet now it's gonna be with my
girlfriend I can't wait to do that one
will let you guys know exactly which day
I haven't figured it out yeah I need to
talk with a few people there to see
where exactly I could do it but if you
guys want to know the official date time
and place is going to be if you're
interested in going that's gonna be on
my Twitter I'm gonna post on my Twitter
sometime soon this is gonna be Jackie's
first time Bowman she has the days off
of work because of her obviously her
sickness we're gonna book our tickets
today on top of the meet and greet we're
also going to be going to a son's game
January 3rd Phoenix Suns vs Miami Heat
we need to get our tickets to that name
- please Phoenix I'm gonna be in
attendance please win that game for the
love of God but I went to the game
earlier this season we lost and I was
also sad for the whole night so please
Phoenix Suns Devin Booker Eric Bledsoe
I'm looking at you guys please win this
game against the Miami Heat
I know I'm gonna see Devin Booker a
little shout oh yeah I'm gonna see my
old my ex-boyfriend going drunk so now
I'm dating now dating devin booker eric
bledsoe but i used to be in love with
going draw each other's picture right
there but for now I need to finish
editing my video my girlfriend keeps
saying do we have to go to the game
because I know babe she's seen how the
team has played this season and let's
let's just say it has not been a fun
season to watch
it ah I'm such a big fan why can't my
team be good but you got to stick
through it because when the sun's
finally do become good I could say that
I've been there from from the start
truly I've been there from the start I
know Phoenix at the rate that I'm eating
this fast food all the fast without I
eat you better be good fast because I
want to be alive to see this team be
good again she keeps telling me not to
go to the game because she doesn't want
my trip ruined but no I got faith in the
team we're gonna win that game you know
the song it's the most wonderful time up
to you guys it's the most wonderful time
of the year but not because it's
Christmas but it's because it's time for
my haircut I just finished my video I'm
actually a little late to my haircut
appointment so I had to text my barber
and say yo I had to get my video done
today so can I please come in a little
later are you coming to the barbershop
or no ha ha guys this is literally my
favorite phone case of all time baby you
need a updated one with the beard
instead of the goatee so you don't just
love me you love me so much
the Chuckie Cheese song babe why do you
have a whole cereal jar oh my gosh wait
I want something it's so low but I don't
want milk
I know it's good by itself you know
today I'm scheduling 3 appointments for
haircut because you got to think in
advance I'm getting a haircut today that
was scheduled then I'm getting another
haircut for right before Christmas so I
got to schedule that and then I'm having
another haircut right before New Year's
so I gotta look fresh today
you gotta look fresh for Christmas and
then you got to look fresh for New
Year's so today is December 17th and I'm
gonna have three haircut appointments
before the new year
Brian probably is gonna have his next
haircut until like two or three more
months
shout out Brian orange juice yes sir
No
okay guys haircut done but it's not
fresh yet Jackie ordered this suit and
it's so nasty what did the guy say when
he came it was hold on
thank you I know that's it thanks for
eating the soup and it tasted very bad
and he pops him from behind me and he
was like Oh how's the soup and I'm like
oh it's good and it was right when I was
telling Jackie I was like it would try
this and I just heard his voice and I
was like oh yeah it's good but yeah guys
so I got my hair cut it's not fresh
though until after I shower I don't
judge my haircut until after I shower so
we came to get dinner at Applebee's
after my haircut are you enjoying your
meal no she's mad because I didn't give
her a kiss and I did give you a kiss
you're home I did this did I or did I
not do this yes I did I did but anyway
God we ordered off the to 420 don't
worry that that trend so dis yeah we
don't go to 420 of course we had two
guys we came straight here after my
haircut so I didn't have time to shower
and you know all the little hairs went
after you get a haircut I'm so scared to
move because I don't want the hairs to
fall in my food so I'm literally so
stiff right now I'm trying so hard not
to move them I'm literally eating like
this because if I move all the little
hairs are gonna fall into my food I'm
literally eating like this not moving at
guys look so we ordered wings
I know these under actually huh huh I
don't know if I'm the only one this
happens too but you know when you order
wings and the smell is really hot so
when you go
it literally attacks you and you're like
like the wings attack you the smell of
the wings attack like when you're next
when you go and they go I don't know
it's like this it's like the fumes of
the wings just go down my throat on my
foot
and what's up doc what's up doc do you
know that what that show is from 20
today what's up doc oh wait that was a
carer or salary
Oh with a gun this might get
age-restricted but look at me he thinks
he's so cool no it's like this when the
cool kids hold it in and then they post
on their snapchat story look except my
vape is edible guys look how cheap we
are actually no I'm not gonna call it
cheap I'm gonna call it smart that's
what it's called look how smart we are
so we each get something from the tube
for 20 I know so Jackie puts me some of
her food and I prepared some of my food
obviously she has a limit to what she
can take from my food she can only take
mashed potatoes so we each shared how
much mash potatoes do you want a la
little medium rare we're watching the
Jets and dolphins game
I'm literally number nine from the Jets
like that's me I need that Jersey
right you need pet es huh
petty ed which flight do we booked from
San Diego to Phoenix
see you soon Phoenix guys are watching
the Lakers and Cavs game surprisingly
the Lakers are keeping it close even
without oh good ball movement Nick Young
swaggy P Oh Nick Young having probably
his best game of the season
today of course LeBrons probably paced
LeBron for three Oh that's game
I said LeBrons getting pissed and right
when I said that guys I know this isn't
my NBA channel so I try to limit my NBA
talk but the Houston Rockets have been
so underrated this season look they've
won nine in a row they're trying to go
for 10 wins in a row James Harden has
been absolutely amazing the system that
Mike D'Antoni has instilled has worked
to perfection they're shooting the
three-ball historically good it's like
if you leave any of them open for three
they're going to knock it down from
James Harden Trevor Ariza Ryan Anderson
Eric Gordon is having a frickin
resurrection of his career coming off
the bench he's playing way better in
Houston than he was in New Orleans
Houston is an underrated team I'm not
saying they're gonna go out and win the
championship but nobody really talks
about them James Harden is MVP candy the
sun's already took an L to the Oklahoma
City Thunder today which by the way
Russell Westra got 22 fucking assists
motherfucking 22 what do you want me
gonna sleep okay fine guys I swear the
Warriors are so good they're not even
fun to watch every single game is a
blowout they're playing the Blazers this
should have been a good game and they're
up by 33 points I know they're so good
not even fun to watch guys this is what
happens when you wait last second to
book a flight these they don't have
seats next to each other for me and
Jackie and the only two seats left are
middle seats we're going to be sitting
next to random people and knowing my
luck the random people maybe a crying
baby or
