what is going on everybody Brandon here
aka robotics and I'm here with my
beautiful girlfriend Jackie hi guys how
are you boys what are they gonna do is
as many of you guys know jackie has been
very very sick recently what is your
next appointment I've one on Monday
Monday so until then we don't I know
Bosley so until Monday we won't have any
further information so we don't want to
talk about it yet but we just want to
say thank you so much for your support
thank you guys so much from the bottom
of my heart they're so sweet there's so
many I wish I could reply to all of you
thanks for your support for my
girlfriend and thank you for your
support for this dude right here who was
staring at us
look at me yeah yeah I can't do this
video I can't do this video when he's
right here look at this he's just
sitting there staring there's too much
pressure right now Bosley are we doing a
good job how this is too scary Bosley so
today I was planning I'm not uploading I
was planning to take one day off but
this girl right here to my right said
she misses you guys she misses being in
the vlog she misses making videos so
today we're gonna be doing something
different this is no vlog the video
we're bringing you guys today is called
the what's in my mouth challenge so a
lot of you guys might be familiar with
this as a bunch of other youtubers I've
done this I would give credit but
there's just so many people have done
this I didn't get this video idea from
any of them I got this video idea from
you guys on Twitter I asked what video
you guys wanted to see today and in a
poll you guys voted the what's in my
mouth challenge this is a video you guys
wanted to see me and Jackie didn't even
know what it was honestly we asked
someone on Twitter were like hey you
voted what's in my mouth challenge what
is it and they told us so blindfolded
what's in my mouth challenge pretty much
what this is I'm gonna have six items
that I picked out Jackie's gonna have
six items now these could be food
objects body parts I'm just joking this
isn't going to be a what's in my mouth
challenge gone sexual gone wrong in the
hood this is going to be one of those
we're blindfolded and we're gonna
shove the items inside that mouth you
can't touch it you can't look you can't
feel it you literally just have to go
and I think I get out mantich on this
well I put stuff in my mouth too but
yeah mine it's a little bit yeah so um
guys so haha
I said you this isn't gonna be gone
sexual is it stick you guys I'm sorry
anyways I'm gonna pick my items first
Jackie's gonna go second I don't know
what you wanna do while I pick my
artists but I'll bring you guys with me
I'm gonna pick guys look how scary look
how much pressure
it's like Bosley's the director look
okay babe you have to while I pick my
items I don't trust you
I really don't come here it just don't
look guys I apologize about my hair
having on a haircut six days having a
good appointment tomorrow though so
don't worry I'll be using a Wendy's bag
I got item number one hold on
oh shit scary just for me to look at
okay so I've got my six items you guys
can't tell right here and now it's time
for Jackie to get hers you guys know
this is only five but I'm gonna give him
six bullshit okay babe I'm ready I'm
ready
Wow okay guys we are ready to start it's
Sophie in the video
you look good I have my six items jackie
has her six items we have no idea why is
in each other's bags but wait we forgot
to add something we don't play for
nothing we are a competitive couple we
never play just for fun so we forgot to
add the loser aka the person who guesses
the least amount of items correct has to
eat a piece of Bosley's dog treats
it's called frozen dried beef liver okay
that shit no so whoever gets the most
items correct doesn't have to eat it
loser has to eat ballsy's dog treat
let's just go rock paper scissors to sue
Oh rock paper scissor not shoot hold on
hold on time out wait wait God is it
just me I always lose in
rock-paper-scissors like my career
record for rock-paper-scissors is like
it's like the son's record it's not good
I always lose I mean why you shoot yeah
I am so you have a body like nothing
there's no replay around this is when
you put the blindfold on first and don't
cheat look we're literally summer
we have to I know we have to use my
basketball compressions actin we don't
have a bandana or blindfold
I'll let you cheat in our relationship
you could cheat on me but just don't
cheat during this game I take this very
seriously first of all I don't cheat on
you and as you think but I would rather
hear okay
hey but I would not have you cheat on me
in this relationship than Chi on this
game this is serious cheat on me but I
don't want anybody's donkey okay all
right okay
are you swear you can't say sir how many
fingers am i holding up I don't know
just guess six cheater I'm just joking
okay
first item we're gonna start with hey
now remember no freaking baby we could
use body parts okay open your mouth ah
okay open your mouth open your mouth and
remember you can't use your hands and
you can't bite down unless I tell you to
okay open no you're gonna you're gonna
have to open water this is gonna feel
familiar open wide okay don't buy down
one more try well no open wide
like yeah okay not too hard here guess
that's spicy it's not spicy
oh that's it's fucking Ryan okay here I
have one more take a little way
do a little my backers do a little link
around it look you destroyed the shit is
that a banana yes it's a banana happy so
she got one item right uh no sorry I
think this grocery you did scratch me
your one out of one next item no wait
hello it no don't
next item hey now this one anything I
don't know I was spicy open liamail
touch it no you can't touch it don't I
don't think you should bite down on this
one this one just let it rest in
mouth open hey I know you could open
your mouth what is it I know you're
scared
hey don't tell trust me okay okay you
don't don't bite it
okay don't mind me yeah don't bite it
one more try good
don't don't swallow the shit it's not
gonna be good for you think you were
sick before if you saw this you will be
very sick shut up fucking like clam
what's clam like who grabbed things for
food nope wrong it's a fucking iPhone
charger cube you have one one right one
attitude when you charge in my mouth I
know I was charging your fucking throat
bad next way I don't like that I can't
see it's going inside I know next you
could honestly swallow this if you want
and no smelling no touching open you
might have to tilt your head a little
back and don't move because if this we
don't want this to still open why
they've opened your mouth stop cheating
I know you what is that okay I'll get
you water
I'll get you water I'll get you are oh
oh
say please I please please give me kiss
I can't I miss you because oh god we're
gonna go up brush your teeth up to this
okay what what is one the lips because
you closed your lips oh the Tabasco went
on your lips
listen guys she's sick I did not want to
make a video with her this was her idea
guys shout out to you for voting this on
Twitter then I can't talk as for GLaDOS
because nobody thinking please
Pat sighs okay yes you're right
oh that breath stank I'd rather smell
balls breath or now fruity my pockets
melted I knew what it was
okay no more we're in a drought okay
scooch this way
scooch this way which way I can't see
okay guys
three more items she's dying to write so
far so this next one don't get yeah I
know I'm sorry baby
it wasn't supposed to go on your list
but you closed your mouth so this next
one you're gonna be very very mad at me
and honestly you might not want to get
in the bed with me after this can we
agree that whatever enters your mouth
right now will not affect our
relationship in any way shape or form
then I can't speak I swear no matter
what I put in your mouth you're still
going to go upstairs and do our regular
nightly routine no matter what then I
can't feel my lips you want more water
yeah now you know how I feel because
you're a spicy latina
so every time I eat you that's how my
lips filled remember what I said no
matter what I put in your mouth right
now
don't be mad because you are going to
fucking want to kill me open they be
careful with this one
try not to buy the heart because don't
buy down on them using it Matt I don't
want that Mouse it's not a house okay do
you want it bud well I can't taste
anything my lips I came new eyes yes a
bug okay yes what is it it's a fucking
cockroach nah it's a fake one don't
worry
be nice guys the Tabasco wasn't that
idea my lips are swollen
look how middle Easterner my fucking
pita bread instead of ice listen babe it
is not opposite day I said hey babe open
your lips and you went mmm I smelled it
that's why the two more you got three
right so yeah
you can close if you want I trust you
I'm don't bite it too hard please fly
you want to feel what more are you ready
to make your guests know one month Kesha
Kesha what you're a cheater how'd you
hit me like no no man because there's
nothing else over there it's up for the
little packs of ketchup so fuck days I'm
gonna have to eat Bosley's dog tree
she's gone for and only missed one okay
now this is the last one
this one I warn you I don't think you
should bite down on it too hard and buy
I don't think you should I mean don't
fucking buy that all this too hard cuz
you would regret it here first I want
you to lick it but I cannot taste
anything okay I got enough but don't
bite down okay don't buy it
careful jaw you on the lick
um they don't bite it don't bite it give
me a bag you have to make your guess um
looks like a ball uh fake Apple a fake
Apple or an apple save you're wrong see
Barbie family feud' eggs wrong it was a
damn hey how did you get that yeah was a
raw egg
that's all telling you don't bite down
on it but I feel bad so I'll cook it for
you over there one egg do you want
sunny-side up for scrambled no but like
I can't feel anything
okay so my girlfriend is done babe you
got four out of six not bad you only
missed two I was scared we're gonna get
the riot cuz I was pretty easy it is my
turn now so my girlfriend has her six
items she got four I need to get more
than four or else I'm gonna be eating
ballsy's dog treats okay so I know she
wasn't cheating because her whole face
is red around here you could blindfold
me babe to make sure that I'm not gonna
cheat I want to win this fair and square
guys I'm a competitive dude I can't feel
my lips I can't feel my face 100 K easy
how many fingers am L
babe I can't believe these they please
untie it a little bit guys she's trying
to kill me cuz of the Tabasco babe I
didn't do it to hurt you yeah they know
that's fine just whenever you're ready
only if you ready guys oh okay just go
oh shit
coming up for what okay uh yeah like uh
oh my mouth doesn't open that way okay
okay go hold on the left
I'm right down on this one no why is
fucking what he's sucking on it babe
I said don't bite it did you buy it uh
wait one more one more
just lick it don't bite it babe what the
fuck hold on hold on I don't give up
wait what is that is that like uh makeup
what
it's a huge a scandal little bit you put
a candle I was biting it I was invited
it's this thing I was gonna say a crayon
it's bigger than my arm well you were
sucking it so let's just say okay so I
got zero okay open your mouth why
okay now I'm gonna tell you don't bite
this because it bomber why it's a cup
babe what being sexist
yeah because I learned from I saya okay
what babe look the fault
okay you can fight it up no I actually
don't buy it so I'm just gonna hurt it's
the fucking of all videos yeah I got it
oh my god I'm so scared and then I went
spicy I didn't buy it fully okay so I
got one guys I got one okay
you can't that day I'm out of my mouth
netizen turn it the other way turn it
the other way turn it turn turn that
shit just do that shit I'll tell you why
you mean you can't know you have to
guess okay it's the fucking a hooka
piece yeah yeah
yes quite that our home okay so I got
two right guys let's go
I'm so scared okay this one you can only
lick don't eat we mean you can only Lake
Bay that's not fair
babe what the fuck is that it sound way
Missy what is it what is it what is it
give me it again no don't give me that
why is it food okay don't chew it you're
not the monster - oh really no you said
it was food yeah we're not supposed to
chew it for the challenge is it I don't
know is it like the dried fruit what
fruit fucking apricot no no it's
strawberry good does that count
I don't think I said dried food babe
just go yeah you have to point well you
have yeah you have to point I said dried
fruit and then you said oh what kind of
fruit like a cheater that you are okay
just go whatever I don't care
well I can't care about you or this
relationship yes you're right if I will
count it please yes he's such a fucking
loser
I have three for your tongue out this is
something something don't fight it
okay but don't fight it okay you sexy
thing you see I I um wait just put it in
my mouth and rested there
though okay well I know the feel of this
but I don't know what in our kitchen is
like that okay so what is it one more
you're getting too many one mores what
the fuck I don't know what is he 30
years I feel like my lawyer down I feel
like you know what it is more fut
totally uh-uh
I thought you put Oh a coaster yeah what
is it it's a back to an iPhone you mean
a case yes babe you fed me a whole
iPhone case I will swallow there you
want it okay so I have three I need to
get this last item right or else I lose
if I get this right we tie babe so I
need one more and that's just a tie I
can't win
open wide okay closer hey boo hey it's
your father fuck put it back give me
give me right now you're so dramatic
because it does not taste that you just
want it suck it it's your toe he sucks
my toe enough to know what it is I'm
kinky look that's terrible Oh cuz you
don't do it back in my mind and you do
words your kinkier than me okay so I got
four I had and you fed me a red jalapeno
with the fun oh this wasn't yours
sucking it okay wait so we tied we tie
you know what we're both gonna do that
we're both gonna do it guys Bosley we're
about to eat your treats father gummy is
oh now Bosley decides to come so frozen
dried beef liver dog tree oh it's high
in protein on less than 10 calories you
said you want to start eating healthy
no wanted to stop being fat naughty ho
you know what I've never tried this baby
oh my god oh my god and it's at the
bottom so it has all the crumbs on it
babe
look how mad buzz legions guys Bosley is
staring at me like how Jackie stares I
mean when were upstairs in the bedroom
bother giving me that stare they like
don't know what the fuck this is
ah okay okay babe here open I'll take
the bigger piece in you cuz I'm the
boyfriend wait and we supposed to like
follow it we have to try babe listen let
me just say one thing okay you're
sleeping in my room tonight right okay
you have the hot sauce you're gonna
brush your teeth 90 million times and
same goes for me I'm not gonna sleep
with this shit breath okay baby you know
what guys here it is we're gonna go
three two one baby yeah okay go just go
just go babe
if you cheat I'm gonna cheat on you last
week ah
eat it choose no wait wait wait what
good
I can tell him broccoli
one come here come here buzz weenie boy
babe hold on guys
buzz we ate it bother you fat-ass babe
that is disgusting we both failed uh uh
oh my gosh my girlfriend we haven't even
done the outrun she already started
cleaning the table we both felt that
don't you worry I know we both tried to
swallow it Bosley I don't know how you
do it but if that's what you're into
that's what you're into just like I'll
be doing this and people are like oh how
do you do it where I'll be doing and um
I hope you guys did enjoy there's
something a little different than the
daily vlogs that I do I had a lot of fun
doing this other than the fact that I
got deep throated with a fucking candle
I had got toe stuck in my mouth I had to
eat Bosley's dog treats other than that
this video was really fun to make I hope
you guys did enjoy if you did enjoy this
video please be sure to drop a like this
we don't gets a ton of love that means
you guys like it which means we're gonna
be doing more of these types more
challenges boyfriend burns girlfriend
challenges hopefully you guys did like
this cuz like I said we didn't come up
with this idea ourselves we asked on
Twitter what kind of challenge you guys
wanted to see and you guys voted this
one thank you so much one last time for
your support and prayers about Bosley
because Bosley is okay now he is cleared
of that brain tumor the scare that he
might have had a brain tumor it's gone
he does not have a brain tumor that's
100% good news now we are just waiting
to see if this girl right here is
healthy hopefully the results when we
when she takes a test on Monday come
back really good and thank you guys so
much for your support because Jackie was
down upset obviously just feeling really
sick and I could tell when she goes
through her notifications on her Twitter
or Instagram and sees the support that
you guys give her she smiles instantly
smiles so thank you guys so much for
that thank you for watching this video
and we're gonna enjoy the rest of our
Friday night together we love you guys
thank you so much for watching I turn
around for one second and Jackie's
cleaning the whole table they
you need to relax you're still sick yeah
is the taste coming out babe what
oh that's toothpaste I was like I did
not already is the taste coming out with
toothpaste no fresh fresh fresh you
gotta bring out the tongue cleaner for
this one look this is called a tongue
cleaner or a tongue scraper you were
deep throwing everything hmm YUM Bali
Street nearly ten hours later now I'm
just joking we're here after the
challenge are your lips still I can't
fit hmm the Tabasco still yeah my lips
little a little oh yeah yeah the Tabasco
went all over here you really still
can't feel them it's been so long since
the Tabasco she's dying it's not even
that the Tabasco was super hot just
because it went all over your lips huh
so it burns we're having a good fight
and I hope you guys are enjoying your
Friday night well other than Jackie's
burnt lips we're gonna spend the rest of
the night just watching basketball
chilling relaxing
