you know what is going on everybody
Brandon here aka bro artist and I'm here
to bring you guys a brand new video now
today's video I do apologize it's not
going to be a vlog challenge prank it's
not going to be what you guys call an
entertaining type of video and I do
apologize I've been dealing with a lot
of these past couple of days obviously
with my girlfriend being very very sick
and the news about Bosley my in case you
guys haven't heard I'll get more into
that later for now I just want to say
the fight with everything that I'm
dealing with and I had warned you guys
that I might not be uploading I decided
to not let what's happening in my life
affect my YouTube so I make time to take
care of my girlfriend deal with what's
happening with Bosley and still make
time for the vlogs however today I just
could not do that I apologize today was
just a little too much but hey
everything happens for a reason guys I'm
not making this video to complain a lot
of people might think oh you're just
making this long guys video to complain
to us no I just want to update you guys
on what's going on you know I don't want
to disappear for a day or two without
letting you guys know what's going on I
don't think it's fair to just leave you
guys without telling you why I want to
let you guys in on my life if I don't
make a video why didn't I make a video I
don't I don't just take days off for no
reason I want to let you guys you know
why wasn't I there for you because I
make youtube videos to be there for my
supporters I make youtube videos to be
there for 1.3 million people who are
counting on my videos I don't just
disappear for no reason so this video
wasn't made to complain it was made more
to just let you guys understand why I'm
I kind of feel down could I easily just
went a couple of days without uploading
and I've been mentioned a single thing
about anything God's going on but why
would I do that to you guys you guys are
like family you guys are like best
friends to me you're like an extra 1.3
million family members you're like an
extra 1.3 million best friends and if
this is something I'll share with my
family if there's something I would tell
my own family then I want to tell you
guys anyways guys more on a serious note
right now and I hate speaking about sad
news I hate it it puts me in a really
bad mood but I just want to give my
condolences to give my words on this
although it probably doesn't mean much
to you guys but I just wanted to let it
out so this is very emotional I don't
know if you guys I've heard or not but
Craig Sager who was a TNT sports
reporter passed away yesterday and he
obviously died from cancer which hold on
guys I'm actually tearing up it's weird
like I don't know him personally
obviously I don't know him as a person
but it's still very sad he was one of
the best to ever like he was the Michael
Jordan
sideline reporters he was the best to
ever do it if you guys don't know him by
the name you guys might know him by his
colorful suits it's just sad he lost his
battle with cancer and he passed away
and he fought man years and years and
years battling with cancer and he fought
and fought fought and I actually met him
one time a couple of years ago you could
just tell the vibe that he gave off he
was such a nice person
his personality very very funny and it's
just sad this is someone who I grew up
watching ever since I was a kid while
all my friends and all my family when we
were younger and they would be watching
Barney or a spongebob where Nickelodeon
or Disney Channel I would be by myself
in my room watching sports and I would
see him reporting all the time ever
since I was a kid so many times so many
times when I was younger my mom caught
me she came in my room past my bedtime
and I was supposed to be asleep but
instead I was watching sports so many
times she came in and said Brandon turn
off your TV no sports I told you you
have to go to sleep ever since I was a
little kid and he would be the one on TV
reporting the heat like that was my
childhood it's just sad man cancer is
cancer is cool cancer as evil I don't
know what to say when I was on Twitter
this morning and I saw it and I said
wait no way like it was crazy so rest in
peace craig sager one of the best to
ever do it
legend god has a day and if God wants to
take somebody he's gonna take somebody
so rest in peace prayers to you and your
family sad but we can't do anything
about it he was getting so much love
from the MBA community today it was
great to see do it on my shirt right now
Bosley in case you guys didn't hear my
brother took balls it to the vet not for
anything serious just for his checkup
and they pretty much told us that he has
an ear infection which we already knew
we just need the proper medicine which
we got so the infection should be
healing soon but he does have a pretty
bad ear infection he has a skin
infection I'm not sure exactly what kind
but he does have a skin infection so as
if the ear infection wasn't bad enough
he also has a skin infection and on top
of all that they said that he's not
blind but they said imagine if you're
driving and then someone spills a little
bit of paint on your car windshield
that's how Bosley sees he could see but
there's kind of like some
marks in front of his vision to where he
can't see it everything fully so like I
said just imagine you're driving a car
and someone spilled a little bit of
paint on the windshield so you can still
see what's in front of you but there are
some marks that kind of get in your way
bud Lee's not he's not blind but he does
have some trouble with his visions they
said that Bosley see I didn't want to
talk about this because this is super
hard super emotional they said there's a
very very rare chance slight chance but
they did take blood just in case they
pretty much said there's a chance that
Bosley might have a brain tumor and
obviously I don't even want to get into
what we would have to do if he ended up
having a brain tumor I don't want to
talk about that and the only reason I'm
addressing in this video is because I
didn't tweet about this I didn't make a
video about you know what's going on
with Bosley I didn't make an Instagram
post I didn't snatch about it nothing
and people were asking me like bro your
dog is sick do you not care why haven't
you said anything well the reason I
haven't said anything is because I
didn't even want to talk about it like
that's so sad this is this is my dog
like this was my eighteenth birthday
gift I picked him out I'm the one who we
went to the home there were a bunch of
pugs and I looked at him and I said that
one I want that one I picked out Bosley
you guys might think oh who cares he's
just a dog or you're crazy he's just an
animal he's not a human no this is this
is my little brother Bosley is my little
brother I love Bosley I love him just
like a family member and yeah you're
right I didn't say anything after I
found out the news I didn't I didn't
tweet about I didn't snap try to make a
video on it nothing and that's because I
didn't want to talk about it do you know
how sad that is if something ever
happened to Bosley do you know no I'm
not gonna talk about it but a lot of
people were accusing me of not caring or
it's not having a heart because I
haven't said anything about it no it's
the complete opposite the only reason I
haven't said anything about it is
because I care too much I don't even
want to talk about it when I talk about
it I just feel I just get very I can't
even say upset or sad because that's an
understatement so I try my best not to
talk about it but if people were
accusing me of knocking
I have to come out and say this I love
Bosley you guys see me and Bosley art
that's my best friend Bosley is my best
friend I don't care I'm gonna say Bosley
is my little brother he's my best friend
and as if the air infection and skin
infection wasn't bad enough I'd rather
have that than anything else so I'm
praying I appreciate everybody's tweets
it's crazy how much you guys care for
Bosley there were some people or should
I say some idiots not even people who
were saying you know who cares it's just
a dog or who cares it's just an animal
Karma's real and for everybody saying
that you're gonna get what you deserve
cuz that's fucked up it's fucked up
Bosley means so much to this family not
just to me my mom loves him my dad loves
him Bryan loves him my friends love him
all of you guys love Bosley so I'm
praying I'm hoping nothing bad happens
to Bosley hope it kills me to think
about it kills me to even talk about it
I don't want to talk about it and this
is probably the last time I'm gonna
address it because I can't even begin to
think what I would do no stop what would
happen to me if anything happened to
Bosley like that's not it's not cool
it's I don't like to think about that so
that's the reason I didn't say anything
about it wasn't because I don't care
that's just that's crazy but I won't cry
in front of Bosley and I won't let
Bosley know that I'm sad for him because
you know why I believe dogs are smart as
hell dogs are super super smart and I
feel like if I'm sad around Bosley or if
I cry in front of Bosley because of him
I feel like he senses and he knows like
yesterday when when we heard the news
you know we were all sad me Brian
my mom was upset my dad was upset and
Bosley sensed it like Bosley was just
down the whole day he was upset the
whole day so from now on I'm not gonna
show that I'm sad in front of balls
because trust me he feels in I don't
want to let Bosley see that you got to
put yourself last you can't always put
yourself first for example today's
Friday the best day to play basketball
but Bosley 6r I'm not gonna go to the
gym and play basketball I'm gonna spend
as much time as I could with Bosley just
in case I don't even want to say it I
don't even want to say the words but
like I'm just gonna spend as you you
gotta cherish every single moment you
have because you don't know anyways guys
for those wondering about Jackie she's I
don't want to jump to conclusion she's
not doing that much better but
not worse that's a good thing that's
good news honestly
just cuz she hasn't really improved her
state of health that's not bad the good
news is she hasn't gotten worse she
still feels very weak and she saw him
the pain medications and her back still
hurts she had a little stomachache today
she did say she felt like throwing up
but once again guys thank you so much
for your support it's amazing to see how
much support she's gone and it makes her
feel better so all your tweets all your
Instagram comments all your YouTube
comments saying you know I hope Jackie
feels better don't underestimate how
much that's helped it has helped a lot
so thank you for that
we don't want to jump to conclusions so
we're not gonna talk about it until she
undergoes more tests she has a doctor's
appointment on Monday so we still have a
couple more days before we find out any
further information so we're not really
going to talk about it too much until
then but thank you for your support
hopefully she'll be fine that's why
today I didn't have a vlog I was just
going through so much with my girlfriend
and then obviously the news about Bosley
so I'm sorry I just I didn't have the
heart or like I didn't have the mental
stability to pick up my camera and vlog
and be all happy I just couldn't I
couldn't do that today I appreciate all
your support once again rest in peace to
Craig Sager one of the best ever do it
thank you so much for your support about
Jackie hopefully after further testing
it's not anything too too bad and we can
just get through the sickness because
like I said I don't like seeing her like
this I feel really really bad I've never
seen my girlfriend sick like this I'm
used to seeing Jackie energetic jumping
on my bed tickling me
running around the house I'm not used to
seeing her like this so I feel really
really bad and trust me if I had the
chance I would switch spots with her I
would be the one who was sick and let
her be healthy we can't do that so
hopefully everything's fine with her and
hopefully hopefully nothing is wrong
with Bosley because that was just
freaking suck that would suck so so bad
I fuck I don't even want to talk about
I'm sorry I can't even imagine life
without Bosley so you know what's crazy
about Jackie that's the strongest part
about Jackie obviously she she's had to
call off days of work you know she had
to do that you can't be working with
many
but you know what's strong about her
she's had to take college finals with
this sickness she has taken to college
finals with meningitis and she studied
for them and I respect her so much she's
so strong she's such a strong woman once
again I do apologize for no vlog footage
and hopefully we'll have a normal video
in a funny video tomorrow that's what I
do I love to make you guys laugh that's
why I say I don't say hopefully we have
an entertaining video tomorrow I say
hopefully we have a funny one because in
my opinion laughing cures everything you
could be in the worst mood you could be
in the shittiest mood you could be
depressed but if somebody makes you
laugh that instantly makes everything
better
I feel like laughing is the cure to a
lot of things and that's what I like to
do in my videos I love to make people
laugh I love to make jokes I love to
just do stupid things say stupid shit
just to make people laugh because I love
making people laugh that's what I love
to do and so that's why I hate making
videos like this where they're sad and
serious cuz I feel like when I make
serious videos with serious news I'm
letting people down I'm not upsetting
people and that's not what I like to do
I don't like to make people have said I
feel like when people click subscribe
and when they click my videos they
expect to laughs that's what they
subscribed for because I love to make
people laugh I try to be funny and when
I make videos like this I feel like I'm
letting people down but somedays I'm
sorry I'm sorry I do apologize and
hopefully hopefully I'm not gonna make
any promises but tomorrow hopefully
we're gonna have a funny video and
that's gonna put smiles on people's
faces cuz that's what I love to do I
love to make people smile that's what I
love to do that's all life is about you
need to be happy you need to smile it's
times like this where I love you guys
you know my girlfriend's going through a
lot me and my girlfriend were normally
healthy for the most part we're healthy
so I've never seen her like this so I'm
going through a law obviously the news
about Bosley and you guys make it better
your support your tweets your comments
your Instagram posts you guys helped me
get through it so thank you for that
there's just no way that I can repay you
for everything that you guys do for me
there's no way I can repay you for all
the support that you show me I apologize
for this type of video like I said I
feel like I'm letting a lot of people
down cuz it's not entertaining or funny
but I do love you guys yeah I am going
through a lot but honestly everybody has
obstacles everybody goes through parts
in life where it's not parts that they
want to go through but it's life life
those things at you and you got to
overcome them so life has thrown
something at me
and my family regarding Bosley life has
thrown something out my girlfriend and
it's up to us and we gotta get past them
that's the only way through it life
isn't perfect nobody said life was
perfect nobody said life was fair the
good thing is there are no deaths
involved you could be as sick as you
want as worse and as bad as position as
you are but as long as we're living and
we're not dead that's all that matters
and I did I got a vlog for you guys
yesterday I got a vlog up for you guys
today and both of them were like 20
minutes long so I did my best to not let
what's going on in my life affect my
YouTube channel and I did my best for
two straight days I did my best trust me
I tried and I also tried today but I
just didn't have the heart to pick up my
camera and vlog so I do apologize but I
did try please don't anybody say that oh
you didn't even try to make a vlog for
us because I did I really did but there
were just you know it's life there were
so many things going on but at least I
do feel good about myself for getting
two videos up for you guys the past two
days I edited and uploaded one today
editing uploaded one yesterday I just
found small times to do it like you know
I'd be taking care of my girlfriend in
bed and when she'd fall asleep I'll
slowly get up go to my laptop and upload
and then when she'd wake up I'd run to
the bed I go hey babe they try my best
not to let this with my girlfriend and
Bosley affect my youtube channel but
today was just too much I apologized
also not just thank you for me but thank
you on behalf of my girlfriend you don't
understand when she's going through a
notifications and she sees tweets or
comments from you guys saying you know I
hope Jackie feels better you know we
love Jackie she she gets such a genuine
smile you could tell it's such a
beautiful smile so thank you guys
because you guys are helping her so
thank you from me and also thank you
from her she would love for me to tell
all of you guys who have supported her
thank you and she appreciates it so so
much and guys look how much Jackie loves
you and cares for you guys so she's sick
the sick is not just sick but the
sickest she's ever been in her whole
life so you know you expected to lay in
bed all day
and if I try to edit a video or film you
that's my girlfriend you expect her to
be like babe why aren't you with me in
bed I don't want you to edit you know
come come from me come make me feel
better no do you know what she said
today she turns around literally she's
half asleep I swear she was like half
asleep oh it's funny she's super sick
you know she's coughing she's like hey
babe I feel bad that I'm interfering
between your YouTube channel just
because
I'm sick do you want me to help you do a
challenge video or do you want to vlog
and I can just not show that I'm sick
and I'm like babe are you kidding me
get some rest don't worry about my
YouTube channel right now I appreciate
it but you need to rest and she said no
babe I feel bad
she said all your subscribers are gonna
be upset if you don't upload so can can
I please help you film something look
what she just texted me it's almost
midnight
she said hey I miss you sorry my
sickness is coming in between your
channel I feel bad I said babe don't
worry you come first she said I feel bad
I know how much work you put into it I
know how hard you work for your fans and
for yourself I don't ever want to come
between that I love you so much you're
so amazing blah blah blah and I'm just
like babe don't work like that's how
much she loves you guys that's how much
she cares for you guys she literally
told me she said your subscribers are
gonna be upset if you don't get a video
out I said babe like thank you you're
amazing I love you but please just get
some damn rest you need to rest
I swear Jackie is an amazing person good
heart amazing girl and just I love her
that's it I love her guys but honestly
today was just hard from from my
girlfriend being sick to receiving the
news about Bosley today wasn't easy I
didn't vlog like I said I couldn't vlog
on what I did end up doing was Jackie
told me to just go to the gym and I went
to the gym for like an hour or two I
just played basketball to get my mind
off things because that's the only thing
that I could do you know when I'm
feeling stressed or upset or down the
only thing that could get my mind off of
things is play basketball so I went off
and it kind of helped it did kind of get
my mind off things and I thought it
would get my mind off things enough to
where I couldn't walk after that but it
I just I couldn't vlog today so I
apologize for that and there are some
things you guys don't see on camera so
on top of my girlfriend being sick and
you know so far no signs of her getting
better and then on top of the news we
got about Bosley I'm also dealing with
something I don't want to say but I just
want you guys to know that it's not just
my girlfriend and my dog there's also
something else that's bothering me I
don't want to talk about it I don't want
to say it on camera but things are just
piling up today was just not my day
look life nobody promised life would be
easy so do I feel a down right now yes
do I feel upset yes but nobody said life
would be easy so I can't complain
like those things at you and you got to
take them so I do apologize one last
time for no vlog today I'm going through
a lot I hate making these types of
videos but you know what's crazy to me I
have 1.3
over 1.3 million subscribers 1.3 million
supporters that I know are gonna
understand I have 1.3 million
subscribers who I know are gonna support
me and that's just crazy it's crazy
because on top of the best friends I
have in real life and on top of the
family members I have supporting you
when I'm going through something it's
like I have a whole other family which
is you guys it's like I have a whole
other set of family and best friends
made up of 1.3 million supporters who
have my back no matter what
and thank you guys thank you it's like a
safety net it's like whenever I feel
upset I know I can count on you guys I
can count on your supportive comments I
can count on your supportive tweets to
make me feel better and thank you
because it means a lot you guys might
not think it does but trust me when I
say it means a lot it does so thank you
for your support not just for myself but
for my sick girlfriend for our
struggling friend Bosley and just for my
whole entire family no matter what goes
on you guys always have our back I love
you guys but wah squad thank you for
your support for on behalf of me my
brother my mom my dad my girlfriend and
Bosley once again apologies for making
this type of video I don't like making
video that puts people in down moods or
makes people upset hopefully tomorrow
we'll be back to regular videos I might
be taking a day off tomorrow but trust
me I did try my best to vlog today it
just didn't work out so this video don't
please don't mistake it with just me
complaining it's just me kind of and
yeah I'm gonna be down and sad in this
video of course but it's pretty much
just me letting you guys know what's
going on in my life and I'm not gonna
lie basketball did help a little bit
with getting my mind off things but not
not fully but that is my go-to stress
reliever when I'm stressed a lot I just
I get on the court and like I just take
my mind off everything I just focus on
playing basketball and it helps I just I
tried to vlog I picked up my camera and
I'm just like you know what I can't do
this today today I just can't the weird
thing is I'm very very good at holding
in my emotions I'm very good at holding
in my feelings and if I want to fucking
cry about what's going on I'll do that
at night I don't need to let it affect
my youtube channel I have supporters who
want to watch my videos so I hold in my
emotions but today was just too much
from everything going on with Bosley my
girlfriend and and something else that I
don't even want to talk about on camera
but there's other things going on in my
life usually I'm good at not letting my
emotions but today I just I couldn't do
I apologize the support that not just
myself or my girlfriend but my entire
family receives from you guys is it's
utterly amazing like what there are so
many people that look after not just
myself but my brother my girlfriend our
dog my mom and dad but the support we
get from all of you guys all of you guys
watching this it's just crazy like it
I'm speechless and you might not think
it means much but to me when I see
something like that it means so much
honestly appreciates it trust me Bosley
appreciates it I tell them what you guys
say I say Bosley do you know how many
people are looking out for you do know
how many people are praying for you do
you realize how many people care for you
and I don't know if he understands me
but at least I'm telling him okay guys
just as I'm about to edit my video Brian
tell them Bosley is fine everything is
finally Bosley we literally just got a
call from the bet like 10 mins ago my
heart dropped when I answered what she's
like hi this is blank from the vet and
I'm like hi she's like um so we ran the
blood tests and the x-rays and he's
perfectly fine with ear infections ya
know she's tough give him like his
regular medicine allergies and see how
he's gonna be doing fucking Bosley
mother right I literally I had a part of
my video talking about Bosley how we
were so sad and everything they come
home with the results and Bosley is fine
one oh he still has the skin infection
ear infection and heavy I know and his
eyesight is still messed up but the
biggest thing Bosley you're fine but the
biggest thing that we were worried about
the brain tumor that there was a slight
chance of him having no he doesn't have
it mom oh my god there's old sorry
Bosley
you are not the owner guys we were so
happy but look let me tell you now why
I'm mad at Bosley so you know me I had
my double socks on okay I had my
basketball shorts on I was about to go
play some basketball you know but then I
told myself I said you know what
Bosley's home alone and he's very sick
so I wouldn't go to the gym I'll spend
as much time as I could with Bosley I
feel bad for him he just got back from
the vet so I skipped out on basketball I
came I was chilling with Bosley I even
felt so bad for him I gave him some
chicken and they'd come home all the
results are in he's perfectly fine I
said Bosley Bosley you tricked me I
didn't play basketball and it's today's
Friday Fridays are the best and bonsly
the finesse kid oh my god your arm comes
off wait I'm so happy go oh my god I can
do that better I can do that better I
knew you're gonna do they go go go Oh
actually better than mine kind of yeah
oh my god
Brian's a gymnast I'm an acrobat Brian
literally a whole part of my videos
today was talking about Bosley how we
were also sad the most depressing day
here in our house but now and I'm so I
was about to start editing the video the
part about Bosley and you guys come home
with the results I'm still mad at Bosley
though for not letting me go to the gym
I know I swear I was like you know what
you know Bosley might have a really
really serious sickness and we might
have to put him to sleep so let me not
go to the gym and spend time with him
yeah I thought it was commenting on my
video saying just put him to sleep if he
has Liz and
like a man can't say that word Bosley
look he's still the same old fat bug
just chowing down his food look at the
difference Bosley makes in the family
the Millennial wait
we were I'm just telling you yesterday
was like the most depressing day in our
household and right now I'm like super
happy exactly
Jackie needs to heal Jackie I prayed I
cried I love that girl so much girl
if you're watching I love you seriously
a hospital some people were saying that
they lost memory and that she has to
take more tests on Monday so now that
Bob is fine yeah once Jackie's fine that
our mood will fully change guys but for
now we found out Bosley's okay now we
pray and we hope that Jackie is okay and
then everything mostly everything will
be fine thank you guys so much for
watching this video what a change of
mood like my video started all the way
down here my mood and when they came in
the house it lifted all the way up here
this has to be the drastic change of
events in a video ever so thank you guys
so much
thank you guys so much for watching I
told them I said the support that we get
not just me or Jack your balls but
whenever any of us is going through
something whether it's your knees crying
my dad and any of us so many people
tweet to us and comment oh hope you guys
feel better
I know I told them it's like a extra
couple million family members like it's
just hard because instead of things
being spaced out life kind of just
throws everything at you at one time so
instead of you know something happening
to Bosley last week and then something
happening to Jackie today and then maybe
something happens to me in a month it
doesn't it's not spaced out it's just
hard because life decides to throw
everything at you all at once
everything at once a lot of people are
gonna be commenting you know
oh nothing even happened to you you're
upset over something happening to your
dog and your girlfriend blah blah blah
no like I said that something something
is affecting me it's just something I'd
rather not share on camera it's not that
big of a deal but it does have its
effects on me but one last time man life
is not
nobody said life would be easy if
someone told you life is an easy thing
to go through or life won't have any
obstacles then they lied to you because
because that's just not true life has
its ups and downs
