brah I woke up the Bozza today say
what's up to the vlog okay dad really
we're about to go play basketball have
fun be safe my bro my bro
I woke up Bosnia humping me and I didn't
know clothes in my dream or in real life
but I heard Bosley know Bosley no its
ongoing for one hour for one hour I hear
Bosley stop no so I look up and I see my
dad and my brother went to Dubai and
they're gonna be gone for a while and my
mom I used them as a bodyguard
mom Who am I gonna protect you from Wow
what am I gonna protect you from a dog
even a dog on the way and then I end up
guiding them wait am I getting paid if
I'm the bodyguard did you do things to
Dennis earlier what's up man so we
didn't want to leave my mom here alone
my dad is gone my brother's gone and
Bosley let's be hunters you know he's
big but not muscular he's just fast so
he can't really protect her from anybody
and honestly it felt like the old days
you know I woke up next to Bosley
although usually I didn't wake up to
Bosley humping somebody in my room and
now we are on our way to play some Kobe
we out here and what do we vow to buy oh
wait people are gonna think we're going
that were crazy I don't care
we're buying a ski mask and a fake gun a
fake gun a fake gun I imagine people
hear me we're buying a ski mask and oh
but yeah that's what we're buying guys
we didn't tell the remotes we're all
black yo was good well hey did you leave
why did you what are you wearing
bo I'm elected you for president next
president of the United States we were
worried well Mel wasn't gonna be wearing
all black and he already left his house
it it seems kind of sketchy it's
suspicious from well have you done
something like this before imagine
imagine will Mel like this okay calm
down
show us your baseball form remotely to
play baseball actually
oh okay remote what kind of boots do you
want hey really where where are the
cheapest gloves we're on a budget this
is for Roma
yeah I would be buying you nice boot ooh
nice gloves but like what have you done
for me just tell me score like 30 points
a game for you cause you games every
time you leave the court we win when you
play wheeler fall so since you said that
I'm the reason we lose all the
basketball games we're downgrading your
face mask from this nice one to this
sock okay let's buy you a gun so you can
hit me in the head a gun freakin gloves
and a ski mask just tell me what is the
cashier you think is gonna happen after
freaking call the cops the second we
leave get the license plate of the car
so as you guys saw this morning me and
Dennis woke up at my mom's house because
my dad and my brother are in Dubai so my
mom doesn't like sleeping the most and
you know right now it's getting late so
it's about the time where we're gonna go
spend the night with her and just you
know make sure she's safe but there's
one difference
between tonight and last night I'm
coming here my mom does not know that
rule Mills coming through so me and
Dennis are gonna walk down you know Jack
like casual and that's when Romel will
come and Romel is pretty much going to
rob me jump me you know steal my car
keys steal my wallet steal everything on
me remote you want to take my car - I
don't leave ever driven it I want to
take it for a spin do you want to take
on that car - the car you done it Oh
guys okay okay okay you can't take my
car you can take Dennis's car how about
that you wanting Dennis's car it's nice
that's trash
okay but anyways Romel is going to rob
me he's gonna jump me and Dennis what
are you gonna do when all this is
happening something you would probably
do in real life
run away in front of his mom so dennis
is gonna run away and that is going to
leave my mom who has no idea what the
hell's going on aside from her son is
getting jumped well no are you ready my
mom's gonna hate you after this boat
running away okay guys so we just pulled
up to the house right now
ain't Vermont are you nervous or no
right now me and Dennis are gonna go
inside it's getting pretty late right
now so we're just gonna you know chill
with my mom for a little bit and well
Mel's gonna get ready in the car you
know getting character getting costumes
but I feel bad for my mom mom when you
watch this I love you trust me I tried
you liar right now we're not doing this
video until you admit we were sitting in
your room we were trying to think of a
video idea and what did you say fun who
you said mom but even me and Brian who
are blood brothers we say my mom and
your mom so he's gonna steal her but
what do you think my mom's reaction is
gonna be when he steals the damn car
after beating up her son okay yeah just
put the car in good position and guys
wait wait let me get we hit the other
camera
shout out to Dennis we got his camera -
so we're gonna have two camera angles I
feel like there's gonna be perfect
Bosley did you miss Dennis's leg or way
which area was he targeting this morning
everywhere did you miss everything about
Dennis Bosley he's back for
- how are you why we're here I told you
we're gonna sleep here
damn Dennis we're not good enough no I
actually feel bad for my mom I feel like
what me and Dennis comes over it's worth
no mom but do you think this dress you
like whenever people hang out with me
and Dennis they lose brain cells like
they get dumber or more done hey Bosley
two bodies in one day you're a player
hey Dennis I think he's trying to make
you jealous bro
coming he doesn't want you anymore oh um
you know why I'm upset because there's
no basketball on the TV what is that
good Bosley you freaking homie Harper
guys my dad and Brian are in freakin
Dubai and like I'm super happy from our
brother because that's crazy like
once-in-a-lifetime experience but I'm
even more happy for my dad mom I know
because when does my dad like ever
travel so now my dad is in freakin Dubai
I'm super happy for him and I'm happy
for my brother so I hope they have a
good time we miss them No No thank you
we ate hey are you nervous my son Kurds
I swear no it's not that I'm nervous I
just feel bad no I feel so bad
especially when my mom was talking about
how like she's lonely like oh but let's
not do it let's just do like a Q&A or
something mom sometimes you got to do
what you got to do for the broad squad
but I still love you oh sorry guys oh my
chapstick
Dennis you actually look so scary if my
mom didn't know exactly how Dennis
looked you would have just been the
robber oh your hair oh my gosh and you
just got a haircut today you look like a
Mortal Kombat cake ok so right now my
mom thinks me and Dennis are shooting
around hey I didn't know robbers could
play basketball she has no idea that
we're frickin shooting around with a
criminal you know we called you to tell
you to wear all black and you're already
wearing it so have you already done
something like this before
not on camera okay okay okay what if my
mom comes out okay guys so right now me
and Dennis are just looking for two
secretive spots to put the cameras we're
gonna have two angles like I said and
pretty much what we're gonna do we're
gonna be shooting around and we're gonna
get over here oh yeah no no you can
shoot after me I'll let you match it to
if I make this okay you want to shoot
mom
oh my gosh I don't know I don't know it
hasn't he freaking bruised my head that
hurt did you really take my phone oh my
god and then here on I don't know mom I
love you I'm sorry I'm sorry doesn't
mean I don't love you just all in good
fun now I'm scared okay okay one hug a
Dennis hug hug are you okay no put on my
head hey wait really
wait wait what did you do mom I didn't
get to see cuz I was getting freakin
harassed mom okay okay okay
that happens and someone's like jumping
me or do we please don't try to play
well no you can't after what ramela did
and everything he did to me 100% he's
done this before to someone 100 were
saying he's robbed someone but wait I
never got to shoot this
I know I know that's how he thought of
it he's evil there's two ways to look at
it you could look at him go like oh
she's home alone let's not do what we
feel bad or you could look at oh she
said oh you got to take advantage of the
opportunity make a good video for who
it's not for me it's for no for you girl
odd squad I do it for you guys okay here
with you guys when Mel gets here with a
sandal for you guys then wait why did
antennas get punished mom oh my god
because my mom like I thought you guys
were coming sooner so i said call 9-1-1
cuz i thought by the time yeah i thought
by the time she went to get her phone
you guys would be here but then she
wasn't here so I had to make an excuse
to say oh my head's bleeding sorry I
love you it was just like a little joke
and how many times have you pranked me
actually doesn't matter she actually ran
towards me that's mom you can't do that
if that situation ever happens I'm hurt
you can't you can't run away yeah but
she can't control it you can't do that
god forbid that ever happens just calm
anyone or just like try to like throw a
basketball yeah yeah after further
investigation we found out what my mom
tried to throw at Rome a freaking phone
charger Dennis don't say that oh she did
break it look well mom I appreciate the
help but I think even if this hit Rome
on the head it wouldn't have done too
much okay mom can you please like hug
meeting now to adjust I know you still
love me because I'm happy I was going in
for a kiss but I guess no
mm-hmm well I'm surprised I was having
second thoughts my mom's love for me
after this prank wait Dennis why do you
get to hold real milk oh that's the
thing I was worried about the most
nervous about executing the brain goes
nervous about it here anyways guys thank
you so much for watching today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed see we go to the
extremes to make you guys happy so you
guys better have enjoyed this video drop
a like for Mama rocks sake for ro Mel's
hair and for Dennis not even getting hit
with the sand or anything subscribe to
the channel if you are new for more
crazy videos like this other than that
I'm Brandon aka paratus I'm out Dennis
out no really mom I love you one last
time no more of these videos please I
feel like I run out of ideas again
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
