we got amazing support and amazing
feedback on today's video I thought they
were going to be obviously those those
stupid haters who despite Jackie being
sick despite her being in a really
really bad spot and despite her being
the sickest that she's been in a whole
entire life
but surprisingly there were there was
pretty much for the most part no hay in
the comment section only support and
once again thank you so much for that
but I look at her now it's weird like I
could tell she's sick and I just feel
bad like I don't want to see my
girlfriend like that I'd rather be the
one who's sick and not hurt but that's
all I could tell that she's really sick
you just see it when you look at her and
I don't like it I want it to go away
I'm hoping it goes away um so basically
I was super super sick for the past
couple of days I always like had
headaches but then whereas bad as
yesterday and like I could not take it
anymore so I went literally to the
emergency room and they just have to do
a bunch of testing like a lot of blood
it took like eight or nine and my little
veins I don't actually yeah
basically they think that I have viral
meningitis which is when you have too
much fluid around your brain and it can
be very dangerous which is super scary
but they have to actually stick um it's
kind of like an epidural shot so it's
like a huge needle with and it hurts so
so bad tell you guys how painful it was
how much it meant for them to like
gossip or on Twitter so sweet as soon as
I said on Twitter because of course I'm
tweeting about it while I'm dying so
sweet I actually was like crying I'm
like oh my god I cannot believe that you
guys were being so nice yeah you guys
supportive and like asking what if I was
okay today she didn't want to be on
camera but she feels bad she just wanted
to update you guys yeah your support
just like made her super happy so thank
you for that on behalf of me okay thank
you so much I I wanted you guys to know
because I didn't feel like it was fair
for me to just you know disappear and
then disappearance we still don't know
exactly what it is so we're hoping it's
not too bad anyways I apologize for the
lack of vlog footage today in these next
couple of days in case she's not too
involved in the vlogs around case
getting too much footage you guys know
why I'm taking care of her and she
doesn't really want to be on camera so I
hope you guys understand one last time
thank you so much for your support on
behalf of me and her and to make up for
the lack of vlog footage from today
though I have a lot of footage from the
day cache nasty came down here Louis LSK
gestured the laser I uploaded our
basketball game the one where we play
for 500 dollars in you know my team took
the win you couldn't be there to support
me but it's all good
we played another game they rematch to
us they challenged us again so we won
the $500 but there was a second game
where the loser had to do the banana
sprite challenge if you don't know what
that is pretty much you do a challenge
where you make yourself throw up and
catch nasty uploaded that video on his
channel if you guys didn't get a chance
to see that go check it out the videos
in the description below but I got a lot
of footage from that day a lot of funny
footage so to make up for not vlogging
too much today
for the rest of this video I hope you
guys enjoy banana sprite challenge and
just a lot of vlog footage from that day
because I didn't want to show who did
the banana sprite challenge until
cassia's video went up because that was
his video I'm not one to steal footage
I'm not like that I want to spoil his
video so I waited until today all of
that footage
I put away I couldn't use it in my first
video but now that cache uploaded his I
could use my footage now I've logged
around with them we went to Target we
went to Applebee's and we went to a
actually special guest so you guys got
to see the five hundred dollar five on
five basketball game with the 2k
community and now you guys are about to
watch me vlogging with the 2k community
so one last time thank you for your
support thank you so much and I just
wanted to say if you guys still see me
for a couple of days I'm just really
really sick right now like I'm just in a
lot of pain it was really really painful
I don't mean to be like the party pooper
of it I see your support and I'm so so
thankful so I hope you enjoy the rest of
this video and thank you so much for
watching yo so dak Prescott just showed
up what do you think about our last two
onto LSK and geser I guess me and all
the rap we want to
it kind of hurt me because you guys
destroyed my voice like you actually
like hurt their feelings I gotta wear
yeah they were sad like actually said I
think this time we got a better chance
because I'll be playing first of all we
got cash
we got Lewis Lewis can shoot I think
Jesse's embarrassed from the last game
he was kind of shot he was really funky
he's going to be he's going to be trying
hard he's gonna be sweating about a song
we're waiting on cash lagging right now
what is the 2k servers down why are they
liking we the me right now look at these
robots hey these the hyper guns with the
Flywire it reminds me when I was like 12
11 years old that's a red setter I swear
my favorite I was surprised I even
thought of that guy love decide how long
you take it then I like is it an hour
every chickens
like Yuki when they're losing they pause
like about super servers are down that's
all I'm saying
shoutout to all we were down one
I knew what you want to sell
shoutout
look at that smile who won that game hey
that she was too close Oh 13 12 we don't
want it like that for the money one so
that first game was for the banana right
they got to do the bananas my challenge
now and the second game we're about to
play a hundred bucks each 500 total you
got a loser squad right here and trying
to figure out the game plan let's see
any words postgame interview right now
that was a good game I know too close
because this fucking shooting basketball
like you leave that IQ up cash promised
he shook on a win he said they're gonna
win this next game he shook on it too
hey now that it's for cash everyone's
got to go fuck it all
now that money's on the line
hey you guys provides a banana spy -
right
oh yeah
Hey
the pressures on
have fun
oh hey let me guess the caption of the
picture just picked up my new whip I
know he's no good lighting tosses tosses
camera on the floor just to take a
picture I'll fuck the camera
yes we're all he got cash I gave give
him all the way from Louisiana how to
disassemble how to get your son but you
came over from again open ah ah oh you
should bad no harder
Holly had a banana saved up in his
fucking car oh my god oh you got me
already game cow hey he say it's 50
cents shout out bananas getting broke at
least get the right boys you mom's will
have it tastes good 12 liters a full
liter oh well this shit's rotten on top
of doing the challenge you don't even
get good banana hey I was telling them
you can't just eat the banana and you
gotta like play around with it de Waal
can't come exactly but you can't just
shoot it okay we're done now you're
gonna play around cash was the only one
who agreed to play around with a banana
for a little bit he was the only one who
agreed to do it so I'm just like okay
you do that can she that's boring bro
you can't just okay eat the banana no
yeah you know give a little twist time
yeah yeah but it's not a myth it's not a
myth this shit's real rope oh my god
it's coming wrong after playing ball oh
oh
Oh bro after playing ball - you're
dehydrated dry mouth
no water in the system shoutout
I'm gonna do we got tears my cache is
dumb bro quick cash is dumb horn go
ahead go ahead
quick oh shit bow alright bro Ellis
games just like enjoying his fucking
sprites
hey who's down to go eat some should I
go eat something
come on Jessie let it out - everyone's
burping throwing up smells like shampoo
Ken she's crying bro he's crying it's
like the Warriors just beat the cab just
drink it drink it chug it bro chug it
no way yeah he's little right there he's
the one who said let's chug this she
started first one he said we got a
chugging bro bro he's a a feet 2 inches
you think it's really gonna go down that
easily
no let me take a while bro yeah Kasia
solid throws yeah it's gonna come you
jump over this white yeah yeah dad can
cash took the W right here with this
this one person do shoot me just point
Oh anyway helping each other I probably
would help you yeah John you got a chug
inducers okay don't go Jessie we need
more bananas if you want ya bananas on
us whoever won hey so we're all hungry
we're trying to go eat a banana
appetizers and fucking bright sprite to
drink let's go you want to watch your
Sprite Slam Dunk Contest let's go I'm
nice loaded they're giving me the
hundred and you know what I'm doing I'm
buying pressure to meet their meal you
know I believe in giving back bro we won
we won the basketball game but I didn't
anything
one off the delivery oh yeah I'm talking
about the dog oh yeah yeah you thought
of talking out of your mute no I'm just
joking I believe in giving back forgive
me 100 bucks for winning I'll buy your
meal so we're getting to 420 for sure
that's what I'm talking about
he's fixing his hair for a selfie with
the fucking puke you always got to stay
fresh
all the hair was messed up a little no
just joking I'm just joking oli oli
probably has a timer counting down when
these videos are gonna be uploaded he's
gonna watch each one one on my channel
one on cash he probably gonna watch each
one like 70 analyze each second of each
one he's gonna watch each one like 17
times then he's gonna go down to the
comment section and refresh every single
second for what two months every single
I'm like chill for two and a half weeks
at least you have to refresh all we love
I love reading comments like everything
he loves when he's in a video I hate go
home let me over light get me sit I'll
sue the mummy all right okay my lifelong
dream is to get run over by a nice car
like I want like a body is that for you
let me just run my own I want like a
lamb boar Bugatti to run me over break
my like not die but I'm not gonna come
on as long as I don't die so first I
took Justin in my car
now I'm taking Jordan they're taking
turns I don't know why you took my
brother first you've known him for like
what five years bro just as my boy I've
only known you for like 15 years yeah
like I said is that nice to me to buy
them food they came they came down here
played basketball they law they did the
banana sprite challenge the least I
could do is pay for the food so honestly
there isn't many people who are nicer
than bread and water thank you for them
and I still be getting all the hate in
the comment section I think it's
Chaldean thing every time I go to your
house it's like the nicest yeah wrong
perience every there's two people in
life there's people with bad intentions
and there's people with good hearts I
surround myself with people good hearts
Jordan on all the Justin remount a
little dark but it's fun we love
roemello we have to he's family pretty
much I'll force him to order off the two
for 20 I hope they don't wild out and go
for the two for 25
I'll speak up also 2 for 20 bro
- 425 come to my city order to 425 no
black and literally shout out Applebee's
do they know - the government BMW cash
with the cash
shout out oh you gave me extra 2000 I'm
just let me get it back okay
okay so I'll buy Cash's meal okay but at
least cash knows that he has to pick off
the two 420 that's a good thing yeah you
got the bitch I do that to my girl she's
like you driving I am I ever you're
picking off the to 420 ha
well let me see not bad for someone who
didn't do shit yo so we're just chillin
at Applebee's we're talking and Ollie
tapped me on the shoulder he's like look
I looked across look who I start fucking
bright I just came to get pickup ah
Brian I walked onto a surprise he walked
into a surprise I think you guys had
this plan for me right yeah gesture stop
holding it in were you on a face name he
started going crazy because if we're
dude yeah we really now know on the back
and let's get tell us hey we okay so so
he's freaking out on the inside oh yeah
you're trying to control it yeah what's
a couple years
oh my god shoutout you guys did the tour
- yeah yeah do you want to watch these
ones trust me yeah way I want to see
this when is it who reported it it's
like on multiple really shout out shout
out for one spot bye come here cash has
a two for 25 teams so it's my fault for
saying I'll pay hey I'll do the working
student you know the police right wet
like water that's all you need - a light
waterbed I'm like would you show a
gesture I was like nothing took it home
some meal for tomorrow for later tonight
this I'll be doing good right he's not
me John's gonna do 25 Yeah right
he must know about the finesse kid right
I got one to go eighty nine to four
twenty to twenty five
Bosley Bosley chillin buddy it's rude
wait I'm just recording on behind the
scenes
please follow me cameraman so it's
really late right now but I just want to
show you guys because this is actually
pretty funny and I'm sure it happens to
other people and if you're too young to
go grocery shopping for yourself I'm
pretty sure this happens to your parents
but Brian fuck you you scared me so it's
a let it's almost 11:30 p.m. right now
wait first of all shout out all my day 1
subscribers look I'm wearing the blue
shirt right do you remember this guy's
some people were even tweeting me
recently they were like where's the blue
shirt let's let the blue shirt make a
comeback well here it is I work for you
guys that's where it was stashed in the
back of my closet but I found it so I
just want recordings cuz I thought it
was pretty funny right so Jackie
obviously in case you guys haven't heard
very very sick has viral meningitis and
you know she's undergoing some tests
blood tests they had to take spinal
fluid from her back she was here and it
was creeping up to her curfew where her
mom on at her home so I drove her back
home and since she felt really sick I
was like okay babe it's curfew you have
to be home but I know you feel sick so
let me go buy you a drink so I went to
Vaughn's down the street she has a long
time
see former house and I went in my head
to go buy her one Gator II I dropped off
home to her cuz her mom wanted her home
I know she's 20 years old but she still
has curfew you got a respect I don't
want to get on the bad side with anyone
in their family so you got to respect
the curfew drop girls home so I went to
the ponds down the street from her house
okay I went in for one gatoring right
one Gatorade you want to know what I
came out with red velvet cake fucking
sushi a damn pile of sushi and Luanne
freakin huevos a damn loaded potato
salad fresh-baked bread which by the way
this shit was not fresh it was hard as a
rock
body armor fucking Greek yogurt oh and
and one more thing I got one more thing
guys Gatorade so I went in for one
Gatorade and I swear I came out with two
Greek yogurts red velvet cake huevos
sushi potato salad body armor bread but
the most important part at least I got
the Gatorade I just want to share this
moment with you because I'm pretty sure
that happens to you guys for all my
subscribers that are old enough to go
grocery shopping don't you always go in
for like one or two things and you end
up leading with like a million things I
swear anyways guys I hope you enjoyed
this video thank you so much for
watching once again I do apologize for
the lack of vlog footage is not only
yesterday but also today and maybe in
the coming days like I said Jackie is
very very sick well since she's still
undergoing some tests so hopefully it's
just that and that they don't find
anything new after those extra tests
it's it's very scary I've never seen her
sick like this and I feel bad that's my
girlfriend she's scared but thank you
guys for your support
trying to spend as much time as I could
with her to make her feel better make
her feel comfortable but we appreciate
the support I see all over Twitter I see
all over Instagram and I see all over
the comments section on my youtube
videos so thank you for that and make
sure feel a lot better trust me
I see her when she reads those
supportive comments and supportive
tweets from you guys and it brings like
a smile to her face so thank you for
that we'll keep you guys updated on how
her sickness goes and if they find
anything new with the new tests that
they're gonna take hopefully now we're
crossing our fingers we're praying that
they don't find anything new but we will
keep you guys updated
but yeah shout out all my dear ones who
remember the blue shirt I swear blue
shirt and blue hoodie let's not forget
about the blue hoodie either and man
shout out to the 2k community shout out
to all those 2k gamers out with gesture
lost LSK and cash nasty and dad prescott
AKA zac TCG we had a ton of fun yeah we
played some pretty serious basketball
games we were going we were going at it
at the gym you know we were
trash-talking it might have seemed like
we hated each other but at the end of
the day it's just basketball that's what
we love to do we love to play basketball
and we're just a group of friends
playing basketball so shout out to those
people all of them all the 2k gamers
they were chill as hell
they were super cool and this won't be
the last time you're gonna see them on
my channel I have a really good time
hanging with you guys by the way the
links to their channels all five of them
will be in the description below so if
you want to check out any of their
channels that is going to be in the
description below feel free to check
them out yes I moved to Brian's room for
this part don't ask why this is scary
for Jackie and obviously scared for me
because I'm her boyfriend I don't want
anything to happen to her she's never
dealt with anything like this in her
whole life so we've never dealt with
anything like this you know I'm used to
seeing Jackie all energetic happy
playful you know babe let's go to the
gym jumping on my bed fucking tackling
me tickling me and now that I see her
she's like kind of slow sluggish very
very sick
they gave her some pills obviously I
don't I don't like when they prescribe
too many pills so so we try to limit
what she takes but she has to take some
pain medication she's in a lot of pain
and I just don't like seeing her like
this honestly like you guys might think
I'm a pussy but I don't care it makes me
want to cry like when I see her like
that she's too beautiful to be like that
she's too beautiful to be super sick
she's too beautiful to have to be laying
in bed all day and not even be able to
move I don't like seeing her like that
it literally breaks my heart it's my job
as her boyfriend to come for her it's my
job as her boyfriend to stick with her
and be with her and this is a challenge
that none of us has faced but I'm ready
for it this is a test to myself to see
if I'm a good boyfriend or not in my
heart this is going to let myself know
whether I'm a good boyfriend or a shitty
boyfriend and I think so far I'm doing
good she told me I was doing a good job
so far but yeah guys it kills me to see
her like this and I just feel bad for
her now this is a girl that I love I
don't want to say the girl that I love
in pain like this it's not right I don't
like it but thank you once again for
your support cuz it really does help us
out
