guys so we were talking about how jr.
should start streaming because he plays
video games and what did you say you
wish what please just one time ok I
won't put in the vlog it's just for me
then why are you calling me just for you
so I could watch over it's funny right
oh I wish all of the girls streamers I
could just show off my big tits and get
all a bunch of donations haha J marki
not going in the video with the Jim Jeff
hornacek jr. he used to be the coach of
the sons poor zing god guys I tweeted
before the game started I was like
poison God is gonna drop a career high
on us
- good youngsters Devin Booker and Kris
jumps sup mother hello o for the gift Oh
God
you guys know Dennis right right you
guys know Dennis so in case you don't my
past couple of vlogs this dude named
Dennis really really nice guy came all
the way from Phoenix to San Diego and
he's a huge fan of my videos a really
really big supporter of my videos he's
just a really great guy he's a really
nice guy so when he came down here he
stayed at a hotel down the street but
since he was such a huge supporter of my
videos we let him come to the house we
took him in you know we watched the
son's game together he hung out with my
family we ate dinner together and he
spent a few days at the house so what he
did Brian what did he do this Dennis is
shouting Tommy jealous we love you now
Brian loves you cuz of the house Dennis
went back home to Phoenix yesterday and
in one day he sent us this fruit basket
to our home Dennis I texted you saying
not to get me anything
Dennis thank you somewhat out shout out
shout out Dennis shrewder shout out
Dennis Rodman's shout out Dennis thank
you thank you
Thank You Dennis we appreciate it you
they have to get us anything we didn't
take you into our house expecting
anything in return you're a very very
nice guy a lot of manners very
respectful and thank you for not only
supporting my videos but being a really
chill dude in person as well and when I
go down to Phoenix you're definitely
going to be the first person I hit up
one more month oh no three more weeks oh
I need to book my flight tonight guys I
need to book my flight to Phoenix
tonight so Thank You Dennis you did not
have to honestly it was a really nice
gesture and not only the fruit but also
the balloons like we're putting them up
right
yeah Bosley misses it guys this is what
happens when you give bruh water to
fruit basket and he gets too excited
look Marta that my mom said I'm an idiot
mi-jin yer janilla why are you eating
what did you forget
wait everyone on the count of three one
two three J say it
right me and Jackie were telling Jenny
to stream video games line engineer said
yeah only other girl so I can show off
my big tits and just get views like
Dennis we're all enjoying us where a
we're waiting we're waiting on Bosley
and Jackie
Bosley's here surprisingly Jackie's the
last one down for food
Brian's eating Patrick stars dick we're
all feasting Thank You Dennis and you
know whenever you come back down here
you don't have to get a hotel you have a
home to stay at we'll leave him in the
garage no but really don't waste your
money on a hotel you can stay at the
house if you want because it's probably
the healthiest thing Junior's ever ate
in his whole life most unhealthy kid on
earth a chocolate covered fruit is the
only time fruit will ever enter his body
god I don't I don't know in which world
or which country that Santa Claus looks
like this but who the hell imagines
Santa Claus to look like this skinny
literally curl my Santa Claus growing up
did it look like this I don't know where
this one was shipped from or where he
came from but I know juniors childhood
his mom ride away right when he was born
said junior Santa's not real with his
damn curly blonde pubic hair beard is
that what you like Santa guys juniors so
funny he said he was in the spelling bee
he would spell the words right but since
he has a list like a lisp they would
think he spelled it wrong and he would
get kicked out someone sent Brian a
bunch of tampons and pads and in the
mail Noah says for it said for Brian rug
a bunch of tampons and pads they know
Brian always on his period
Bosley do you see porzingis god holy
porzingis is going to be so good once
when fantasy basketball takes over your
life Brian s Tyson Chandler no yeah it
does
hi Bosley do you like sitting here and
watching the sons games with us no yes
you guys Bosley's literally mr. steal
your girl look at this Bosley
Bosley's taking care of Jackie while
she's sick is that what you want Basel
you want to take care of Jackie guys
look this isn't fair I'm the boyfriend
and this is what I have to see Bosley
pulls more girls than me even my own
girlfriend
what a life okay you guys so a lot of
people have noticed that jackie has not
been in my vlogs recently I kind of
touched up on it in yesterday's video
bye they want to go into full detail
because we didn't know exactly what was
going on do you remember that one vlog a
couple days ago when we said like we
were joking around we were like she
didn't feel good but it wasn't anything
serious but then she kept getting worse
and worse and worse that's the reason
she hasn't really been in the vlog so
she didn't want to be on camera she got
really sick here you could just tell
them what they said I'll let you take it
over I'm so basically I was super super
sick for the past couple of days um I
always like had headaches but then
whereas bad as yesterday and like I
could not take it anymore so I went
literally to the emergency room I was
there until like 5:30 and they just have
to do a bunch of testing like a lot of
blood it took like eight or nine my
little things I don't actually yeah
basically they think that I have viral
meningitis which is you have too much
fluid around your brain and it can be
very dangerous which is super scary but
they have to actually stick it's kind of
like an epidural shot so it's like a
huge needle would act it hurts so so bad
tell you guys how painful it was the
crazy part about all this is like we
noticed her getting sick and we were
like laughing about it she's like I'm
dying
you know we went to the mall that day we
were just and it wasn't it was yeah
wasn't mad and then he just kept getting
worse and worse and worse
finally the doctor's visit yesterday and
it turns out it's actually way worse
than we thought
tell them how much it meant for them to
like nothing more on Twitter so sweet as
soon as I said on Twitter because of
course I'm tweeting about it while I'm
dying so sweet I actually was like
crying I'm like oh my god I cannot
believe that you guys were being so nice
supportive and like asking what if I was
okay so she hasn't really been on camera
in the vlogs for the past couple days
because of this and so many people were
sending out support through Twitter or
they were commenting on your Instagram
and she told me that because she didn't
really want to be on camera she was so
sick which even today she didn't want to
be on camera but she feels bad she just
wanted to update you guys yeah she's
doing this for you guys she hasn't been
on camera all day or for a couple of
days actually
you guys might not even recognize her
because of her dark hair she didn't want
to be in the vlogs but to make sure to
tell you guys that your support just
like made her super happy so thank you
for that on behalf of me and Shay thank
you so much I I wanted you guys to know
because I didn't feel like it was fair
for me to just you know Twitter and then
disappear as well so we still don't know
exactly what it is so we're hoping it's
not too bad
anyways I apologize for the lack of vlog
footage today like I said I was with my
girlfriend in bed she didn't want to be
on camera I didn't want to put her on
camera you guys are lucky that we're
getting this footage right now she
didn't want to be on camera I didn't
force her but she just felt the right
thing to do was rather than just
disappear from the vlogs randomly to at
least tell you guys why in these next
couple of days in case she's not too
involved in the vlogs or in case I'm not
getting too much footage you guys know
why I'm taking care of her and she
doesn't really want to be on camera so I
hope you guys understand one last time
thank you so much for your support on
behalf of me and her I wasn't gonna vlog
at all today because I was spending time
with my girlfriend but I decided to get
some footage so I hope you guys don't
get too upset or don't get too mad or I
hope you guys understand why I couldn't
vlog too much today on top of editing
the video earlier today I was with my
girlfriend one last time thank you for
your support
thank you so much and I just wanted to
say if you guys still see me for a
couple of days I'm just really
really sick right now like I'm just in a
lot of pain it was really really painful
and I don't mean to be like the party
pooper of it so I just want you guys to
know I see your support and I'm so so
thankful guys look
Jacky bought me this painting she really
thought I was just gonna leave it hung
up
don't you know look my new favorite
thing to do every morning when bosley
sleeping since I can't talk to Baldy I
talked to the painting Bosley you want
to go in the car you want to go for a
walk
bother you want to treat I know that's
why it was tilted babe I don't think
this is a painting to me this is more of
a toy guys how amazing is my girlfriend
even though she's sick and we're laying
in bed she still watches best fall of me
and she still gets mad with me and by
the way shout-out Phoenix Suns win yeah
shout-out Erik blood cell three straight
30 point games the first Phoenix Suns
player to do that since 2010 it's been
six years since any Phoenix Suns player
has done that Eric Bledsoe did it
another 30 point game shoutout yo guys
now that Jackie's asleep let me just
tell you from my own heart thank you so
much for all your tweets and Instagram
comments to her because trust me you
know I'm a boyfriend so I come for her I
try my best to make her feel better and
it works she tells me you know when I
hug her when I kiss where she instantly
feels better but I could tell when you
guys tweet something good and she's
going through her notifications she
actually gets this smile like just thank
you from the bottom of my heart she says
thank you but I'm thank you guys because
I try my best to make her feel better
but there are some things that like you
can't do everything you guys bring like
kind of a different type of happiness
her so thank you for that you guys are
helping me out because I try to make her
feel better and it works but you guys
add on to that so thank you for helping
me make my girlfriend feel better I feel
bad like I've never seen her sick like
like I've seen her have a cold you know
I've seen her sinks you know with
stomachaches and stuff like that but I
haven't seen her like this
and I don't like to talk about this in
front of Jackie or with Jackie because
it is kind of scary but meningitis it's
serious and we were in the ER we were in
the emergency room the lady told us that
good thing we came in fast because
meningitis could be deadly it's
obviously very very rare but it could be
deadly there have been
for the deaths from meningitis and it
happens really fast it's not something
that happens over time once you get it
if you don't treat it fast it could turn
out to be deadly so it's just really
scary
she still has another test that we're
gonna go to we'll keep you updated
obviously she wants to she doesn't want
to save the on camera that I'm not gonna
say anything on camera but we'll try to
keep you updated on her other tests they
gave her a lot of medication for the
pain because they said after what the
tests that they did to her back she's
gonna be in a lot of pain which she
obviously is I don't like to talk about
this in front of her because it just
even though we both know it and we both
know what's going on it just say I don't
want to worry her I don't want to scare
it when we talk about it it's just
different even though we both know
what's going on in our head it's
different when you talk about it I mean
she might be fake sleeping right now
listening to everything I'm saying but
they gave her like medications really
strong medication for her back I don't
know it's just weird and scary I've
never seen her like this and I don't
like it when we were at the doctor's you
know I was watching them stick a needle
in her back and and getting blood from
her and I just felt bad I was like she's
too beautiful to be this sick like I
don't like to see my girlfriend like
that I was like why couldn't this be me
I would switch spot to it I would be the
one getting the blood taken out I'll be
the one sticking needles in my back I'll
be the water and in pain and in bed I
wish it was me and not her but like I
said she's she's just too beautiful of a
person to be this sick not just on the
outside but on the inside she has too
good of a horror she's she's too good of
a person to be sick like this but
everything happens for a reason
thankfully it's nothing deadly obviously
were blessed for that we thank God for
that I just I feel bad for her I love
her that's like that's my second half
she's like the second half of my life
she completes my life so when she's sick
I'm sick
when she's down I'm down when she's
upset I'm upset so I don't like seeing
her like this she's she's too good of a
girl to be like this so I'm doing my
best to try to make her feel better she
tells me it works she says every time I
kiss her every time I hunkered actually
instantly feels better and it's my job
as a boyfriend as a man to to stick by
her side and just you know come for her
that's that's what people need even if
you're not physically making them feel
better because I'm not a human pill I'm
not a human medicine I can't go inside
of her body and make her feel better but
the comfort and just our presence the
presence of the people you love can make
someone feel better so I need to do my
best with
so I apologize for the lack of vlog
footage I hope you guys understand as a
boyfriend as a man this is my test to
myself to see if I'm a good boyfriend if
I'm not sticking with my girlfriend
while she's the sickest that she's been
in her whole life and what kind of man
am i what kind of boyfriend am I
I'm not a man if I don't stick by her
yes I Love You Tube I love filming I
love editing I love going to the gym but
if I'm choosing goals / helping my
girlfriend I'm a piece of shit I'm not
I'm not a man if I do that so I hope you
guys understand if there's you know lack
of vlog footage or lack of uploads these
next coming days
but I'm doing my best to stay with my
girlfriend keep her company keep her
comfortable and just making her feel
better because she needs me at some
point in life everybody needs the person
that they love and she needs me right
now so I'm gonna do my best I'm talking
too loud she's gonna wake up and slap
the hell out of me Oh she'll sloppy even
if she's sick this is gonna define how I
am as a boyfriend if I'm not sticking
with my girlfriend through this if I'm
not with her through these times then
I'm a shitty boyfriend I'm a piece of
shit and that's not what I want to be I
want to be a good boyfriend I want to be
someone that other dudes look up to and
be like hey you know when I'm in a
relationship I want to be like him you
know I want to be a man and real men
take care of their girls real men don't
trash their girls and leave them on the
side to do their stuff real men take
care of their women real men make sure
that their woman is fine real men make
sure that the people they love are fine
before they go out and do their own
things and that's what I'm gonna do I
hope you guys do understand I feel
really bad for Jackie I love her it
kills me to see her like this I wish I
wish it was me instead of her but it's
not and I just hope that she feels
better thank you guys for your support
though thank you it means a lot even
earlier today when I was editing my
video my girlfriend was asleep I felt
bad I was like what am i doing like I
should be in bed with her the video can
wait an extra day and I just I felt that
and even today when I was vlogging you
know I was vlogging for you guys because
I want to get a video out for you guys
but at the same time I'm like I
shouldn't have the camera in my hands I
should be with my girlfriend and I feel
bad so I apologize if this wasn't the
best vlog that I put out if this wasn't
the best footage that I've recorded but
I try my best with what I had to work
with at least I got a video out for you
guys and once again thank you so much
for your support on behalf of myself and
on behalf of Jackie because you guys
underestimate yourself what you don't
understand is that simple tweet that you
tweet or
simple comment saying you know feel
better or I hope you get well soon that
simple thing changes the whole mood of
my girlfriend it makes her happy and
when she's happy I'm happy so changes
her mood and my mood and thank you so
much for the extra support thank you you
know guys is what I love Jackie like she
could be she could be dying like super
super sick about to fall asleep and all
hug her and she'll say thank you I'll be
like why she's like cuz you just made me
feel better when you hug me or I'll kiss
her and she'll be like oh thank you I
just felt better with your kids she's
six she's super super sick and she still
asks me obey what do you want to watch
what do you want to eat like there were
some people some some really ignorant
people when she was tweeting that she
was sick they were like you know get
over it's just a sickness that's really
ignorant of some of you people to say
because when they had to take a bunch of
blood from her they have they had to
take fluid from her spunk
because what meningitis pretty much is
it's too much fluid or pretty much
swollen membranes in your spine and your
brain so they said there was pretty much
too much fluid in her brain and her
spine so they took a needle and
literally took out a ton of fluid from
her spine pretty much like a tube inside
of her back and like I said this was all
happened in the emergency room and she
still has one one more checkup so
hopefully that goes well hopefully he's
not not any pain it's just bad they told
her that she can't drive for a couple
days she can't even like bend down she
has to literally just stay in bed pretty
much obviously can't go to the gym she
can't she can barely even move she can't
even drive it's even gone as far as to
pretty much she can't really eat or
drink everything she wants she has to
eat certain foods and only drink water
and Jews like orange juice pomegranate
juice stuff like that so for all you
people who were being ignorant and
hunger you know everyone gets sick it's
just a cold it's just a flu get over it
I think that's really really rude and
really disrespectful because it's
definitely not that it actually ended up
being meningitis obviously in this case
it wasn't deadly but there have been
cases where this very sickness this this
very infection has proven to be deadly
so it was very scary for us to be in
that emergency room and then there were
some people tweeting at her saying you
know get over it's just a small little
sickness I think that was very rude I
just hope you guys do understand and
hopefully she gets through this like I
said thank God because the doctor said
that the deaths that have come from any
happen happen fast but yeah for a couple
of days she pretty much can't do
anything she just has to be in bed all
day and so I need to do my best for
these next couple days to be with her
comfort her support her make her feel
good obviously now go to the gym not
play basketball I pushed that to the
side for a couple days
take less time working on my videos less
time filming if I'm even gonna upload at
all we'll see about that but I just hope
you guys do understand they did a lot of
tests on her a lot of blood tests trying
to just understand what's going on and
she still has some more tests coming up
but last night god bless her soul last
night you know because I'm watching the
Sun we were watching the Suns game
together and this time she's like oh
babe your mom made food downstairs you
want me to bring it upstairs for you you
know do you want water you want me to go
bring you water I was cleaning my room
and she's trying to help me clean I'm
just like babe relax please I got this I
could bring myself food I could get me
water I could clean my own room she
loves to help but she needs to
understand you can't doctor order
they've given her super super heavy
medication super strong medication and
they've told her you know you can't even
drive you can't even bend down and she's
trying to do all the stuff for me I
obviously appreciate it but I was like
babe just relax please you need to rest
that it's better for the both of us she
never stops trying to help me and she's
in pain I could see it usually you know
my girlfriend is she's strong so usually
even when she's down or upset or in pain
she doesn't like to show it and this
time I could see I could see she's in
pain I could see that she needs me so
for her to be showing her pain I know
that's a law for and that's how I know
it's it's a lot of pain even the doctor
said it's what they did to her back is
this is just a very painful infection
and hopefully when we undergo the other
tests it's not anything worse and we
could just deal with this what it is
right now for me to see my girlfriend in
pain it's just hard for me because like
I said she's strong so she never shows
pain whether it's emotional or physical
she she never shows it so for her to
actually be showing the pain that's how
I know it's bad I've been with her for
over a year and I've never seen her like
this ever
