okay guys so I actually just finished
editing and uploading this video $500
basketball game versus the 2k youtubers
that's right we played one game of
basketball for $500 that's how crazy we
are guys that's how crazy we were
feeling $500 on one single basketball
game I'd never bet that much money on a
basketball game in my life so it was
crazy whew didn't get a chance to watch
that make sure you watch it hey Bryan
how crazy was the game
oh yeah I watched it all pretty much oh
you did yeah for the real life gym goers
against the 2k community so go ahead and
check that out feeding at a chance to
watch I actually tried to edit in like a
really funny way that's why it took me a
while to edit this video any ways for
today's video I'm here with my brother
mr. awake with my brother and oh my god
your breath was hot like I felt it on my
finger so today's video what we're gonna
be doing is something a little different
my barbers son is actually turning 10
years old today's his birthday happy
birthday PJ happy birthday PJ and what
he doesn't know is that me and my
brother are about to go surprise him at
their home well he's already met me
because my barber sometimes takes me at
the house so he met me like last month
he already got that freaked out over a
thousand surprise in its own part but he
has not met Bryan yet he's a huge fan of
our videos so he's gonna go crazy I'm
excited yeah he hasn't met Bryan yet so
my barber hit me up the other day he's
like you know it's PJ's birthday if you
have time do you think you and your
brother can come too and surprise him
we're always down to do things like this
by the way I told my barber I said of
course my barber does so much for me
whether that's opening the shop really
early to take me or staying after really
late after they close but staying open
for me or multiple times he's taking me
to his home on his day off and come me
there so I told him I said of course you
do so much for me I believe in giving
back to people so today's video we are
about to go go surprise PJ he also has a
sister Sydney she's also a huge fan
we've met her my barber keeps texting me
he's like thank you so much he's gonna
be excited he's gonna be super surprised
a good birthday girl right there yeah
that's a good birthday gift and I need
to go I'm thinking him a gift yet this
was all so last thing I think we're
gonna stop by maybe get him a gift card
or something you get the G fuel got it
I'm gonna stop by probably gonna my gift
card to somewhere I'm not sure where
what do 10 year olds like the
generations change
when we were 10 I would look like a Toys
R Us or like something for toys but I
think this generation is changing 10
year olds now are like to find older
tell ya guys shout out my Barbara on a
side note I'm telling you guys he does
so much for me so there's at least we
could do
fugly you want to go surprise PJ for his
birthday yeah we're gonna go to Paul's
home you want to come with us come on
let's go you want to go there yeah
Buzzle you want to go okay wait we're
not leaving yet we're not leaving yet
come back in father wants to come too
what do 10 year olds like Oh games yeah
maybe Gamestop gift card what do you
think dad when you were 10 years old
what did you like my dad said candy I
think we're gonna get him a little bit
of a nicer gift than that oh good how
are you um I was just wondering cuz I
didn't want to walk in without acid do
you mind if I bring the camera or is
that cool oh yeah he would he would
enjoy that even more yeah I just wanted
to ask before bringing it but we're
gonna leave the house pretty soon
probably in like 5 or 10 minutes he
still has no idea ok this should be a
signal fun because Jackie's kind of sick
she's like throwing up that's why she's
not coming so we're not gonna say yeah
we're not gonna say for too long but
we're gonna come for a little yeah yeah
of course so yeah thank you okay we got
the okay I don't know if it's just me or
whatever but I don't like to go into
other people's houses and vlog without
asking my house is final ugh whenever I
want in my house or my parents house
whatever every time I go into someone's
home I always ask them do you mind being
on camera because out of respect for the
other people in their home I always ask
guys look at this Jackie bought this
painting for me she was shopping with
her family the other day while I was at
the gym playing basketball and she
surprised me with this it looks exactly
like Bosley even while she's out with
her own family shopping she's still
thinking about me that's why I love her
shoutout Jackie she knew I would love
this right when she showed it to me I
swear a free towels like no way is that
for me and I hung
here right away but on a side note as if
one basel wasn't enough now I have to
Bosley's dammit Bosley let's see the
head tilt you want to go in the car you
want to go for a walk
no you want a piece of chicken Bosley
you want to go for a walk you want to go
in the car
oh and I broke it do you want to go
to Paul's house and go to PJ's birthday
you want to go get chicken oh that
was too much of a head tilt almost okay
you want to go get chicken
oh no PJ with that like PJ Tucker happy
birthday PJ my brother pigeon he has a
sister her name is Sydney she watches
the videos chase no no Sydney like
Sydney Australia Sydney yeah and Nicole
Nicole Nicole shout out shout Sydnee
happy Lord there dear brother guys how
much do you love the barber how often I
go we don't know them but I love them a
lot because we take you from us every
week sometimes twice a week my parents
have a little beef with the barber
because he takes I'm just joking guys I
go to my barber so many times to get my
hair cut my parents had put pretty much
live there I might as well live there I
get haircuts like sometimes twice a week
at least once a week and he can't tell
the difference yeah you could you could
I could always tell the difference but
no one else could tell the difference I
swear
shoutout gesture the laser when we meet
them first we beat them they had to get
us new shoes then they came back for a
rematch and we beat them for $500 that
you guys want part three you got was two
L's ago for you guys want a third one no
shout out I appreciate them coming down
it's kind of a long drive it's over an
hour long so I appreciate when they come
down but at the end of the day we're
just friends hanging out we're playing
basketball that's what we love to do I
love playing basketball they love
playing basketball should we come down
and play basketball
I know I just uploaded I don't know I
took really long editing this song cuz I
was trying to make it like funny and
actually good took me like five or six
hours edit this video I'm trying to
improve my editing can you tell that it
takes long but I'm trying to work all my
vlogs used to be raw but now I'm trying
to add more to it trying to add some
spice it takes longer it's more work but
you got to do the work to see the
results am i right right one of my dad's
friends shout-out to his son he became a
Phoenix Suns fan because of me I
apologize and I feel bad for you because
I know it's kind of a tragic team to
watch but thank you for becoming a sons
man cuz of me I appreciate it guys let's
see if my mom notices it no I told them
I've been trying to improve my editing
do you notice it yes are you only saying
that because you're my mom yes really
because you're taking so long now in the
room oh yeah we're going in your car
whichever card you want you want to
drive if you want you okay why Brian can
you please get me a water but not from
the fridge or what room temperature yeah
guys I don't know if you guys have
noticed if you don't I don't know then
okay but I have been trying to work hard
on my editing I've been spending much
more time on my videos I've cut my time
shorter at the gym I've cut my time
shorter with family I know as bad as
that sounds that's not good but I have
tried my best to improve my editing
there's a lot to go
I love this camera now guys I legit
spent some people don't notice because a
lot of my vlogs are raw but I do spend
at least five hours per video every
single day like five to seven hours each
video editing how long does it take like
five hours
Brian literally comes with abandon why
are you so depressed I was like wait
Brandon you look so depressed I said a
couple days right I'm not depressed I'm
just gonna focus on Tron finishing the
video but no guys so I hope you guys
notice the improved editing if you don't
then it's my job to do a better job at
that until you guys notice but we're on
the way to gamestop right now
PJ loves Brian's channel so I'm guessing
he's a gamer and Brian also got him some
G fuel he got him some like fan drug
song exclusive Facebook stocks that have
never been released
PJ limited time edition coming your way
guys bride he's making fun of me
Bryce and I look like a bobble head oh
my god
renamed that picture of Brandon legit
looks like a bobble head in this picture
look at his head and then look at his
body how small it is it's just me and
cash nasty cash retweeted and buyers
like man I'm saving this victory I saved
the picture look at this it's the
funniest angle ever you yeah shout
out cash though cash is the homies guys
I love showing Brian my playlist good
why cuz they're all old song why I bet
you've never heard fuse oh my god the
volume not yeah I need to play guitar Oh
actually playing Fetty WAP deluxe don't
even lie you like that she liked it a
long time ago its new its own like a
year and a half fatty
look how can you miss this album cover
let's get to a song we like oh there's a
classic classic like - it's just more
classic than like thriller by Michael
Jackson let's just say that I'm just
joking guys but I love this song okay if
we're being honest buying hates
when I play my music
i shelton now hey Paul when you watch
this I already know palm is gonna say
I'll be you didn't have to get anything
for PJ just you guys showing up is
enough but where I come from the way I
was raised if someone invites you to
their house especially for a birthday
party I can't show up empty-handed
that's not the way we were raised
oh by Marshall in hand when I get hit
but yeah we're arriving at Gamestop PJ
hopefully like video games because what
the hell me and Brian haven't been to
game shop in years and they have they
have close now to spring like so much
memories we would beg my mom when we
were cater like Souplantation or like
please let us go to game shop please and
now one of them ended up a gamer oh I
thought I was a pupula I swear
wait guys me everybody were just talking
do you guys know that viral video where
the guy squared up with the kangaroo
like he tried to punch the kingroot and
then he came back again okay back to his
house and he was like yes bumping the
house like the window and he was banging
on it and he was standing like this with
his chest out and his fizzle and I'm
getting in a fight with him I would
rather I would rather fight the
Undertaker than a kangaroo where and I'm
scared of most scary his face looks so
mean II was like yeah like you look like
my dad like what is that oh man Rudolfo
shout out wait first of all why did cash
retweet that picture I look so ugly how
so funny
shout out cash she's a real fresh nasty
come on guys I found another classic to
play guys I'm the master of old songs
like I still only listen to either Fetty
WAP deluxe or views do you know the song
make you crazy but I can nothing without
you bitch don't worry my pseudo about Oh
have you heard the album trap soul but I
still learn okay yeah yeah I'll play I
like change don't why would you come up
you dumb ass but I like sorry now sorry
yes sorry no it's always a good oh my
god you don't get the bug from me yeah I
know we had something special but you
owe me
hey guys me everybody have actually
thought about like being a duet couple
for music like you would stop being a
gamer I'll stop being a vlogger and we
would just start a channel for a duet
like the singing channel here let's get
trapped so long guys look so I'm
scrolling through my artists to get to
Bryson tiller and look at the one big
time right time rush we please hat no
present the city is uh no title title
sorry no sorry
oh I like lame like how it shows this
trying oh sorry what anyway I was final
I wanted a bus like this my father died
but didn't intend to do it's about time
I do it's also time I baby spend a lot
of time on awaiting this pull up the
dozer to play that oh look at the
Christmas lights
do I know you want to say like a bride's
a queen version but you know they say be
there brother no vision is giving up
until apprentice Lee he goes ahead it
right I really think we should just
start like I think yeah what I'd like we
can all be a Gabrielle and you'll be
Troy you know that yes or do you want to
be sharp and what's the dumbasses named
Lucas Kate real how do you remember all
the I don't know actually you say this
year would happen girl that was your
baby
oh this is the one with the ending um
how does it end acquire yellow due to no
way she Georgian I'm so different not
like their mother
oh they can always still feel the same
way
blouson oh we still feel the same way to
me and never change
oh yeah guys Gen Yers in the vlog let's
see him where's Junior where's in it J
Oh buddy my punishment for going to
gamestop look at the traffic we're gonna
have to merge on there shout out Paul PJ
Nicole Sydney but we're gonna be a
little late sorry
back to Fetty WAP deluxe the song is
called rock my chain just my chain but
imagine no no my name this is literally
rock my chain except Fetty WAPs chains
are probably for nine hundred
times more dangly the chain part my part
again I hopped in the shower hope
district that help to the shop
sorry I almost missed the exit trying to
sing Ryan I say you get a damn here come
over there because you need one guys
Brian doesn't understand like the love
between a client and a barber goes so
deep it's like a different type of love
you have for your barber you know like
you love your parents a certain way and
then you love your significant other a
certain a certain way you love your
siblings a certain way but the love you
have for a barber you put your whole
life in his hands you put your whole
trust in your barbers hands let's cut
that off the most dangerous drivers
what did you say about the music oh yeah
why he listened to music so why don't
you turn it up prime asked why do you
listen to music so low
why don't you blast it I said cuz when
other people are in the colony I like to
converse in and bryson know when I'm
alone it's like this no I like to
conversate with my brother that's eaten
us no cuz there's a different type of
song there's more of like a slow later
life you're hitman ten seconds later I
hear the beat that's what good vlogger
got take some tips I'm just joking
that's how my videos are so damn long I
don't do this purposely oh wait let's
singing some fish this one's more quiet
Michael oh yeah
someone has to sign us after this video
Metro boomin I'm looking at you you
trust me no I'll let my favorite monitor
 hey yeah my dresses yeah shoutout
Fetty WAP follow me on Twitter if you're
watching okay guys we have arrived Brian
wasn't shocked he said Brandon you
really come all the way here for your
haircut I'm telling you some people just
on their sand haircut is like life or
death when you're getting a haircut oh
 the car behind you is gonna come
shout out to all people get consistent
haircuts you guys film you guys
understand where I'm coming from to
everybody else who doesn't go to a
barbershop consistently you guys
probably think I'm crazy and I do sound
crazy but Brian meet Paul Paul meet
Brian Nicole meet you finally
Paul I have a request please Brian lift
your head up for the love of God Paul
one day one day take care of him you
could be as bad as no that's not bad
okay guys we're gonna hand the camera
over to Paul the kids have no idea
they're inside right now I don't know
where you want to stand right you want
to ring the doorbell
okay Liam right all right okay it's
already recording right now I'm not sure
where you want to stand anything but say
like he walks behind us yeah exactly
so we'll go in first all right I don't
know why I'm excited he's already met me
like six yeah yeah
yeah go ahead
Meera Adya training 10 videos all right
on Darius I'll let you give time home
what's that Pisa I got you a gift man
you know if you do not properly no this
is the line yeah I got you like an
exclusive phase Red Sox's I've never
been released before never been released
exclusive and yeah we just got more deep
told ya this for you baby I don't wanna
be ready Daniel thank you no problem
I don't know if you please
yeah right I don't know so and that's
that's the safest thing to do you know
what I mean by the way shout out Paul
yeah like it looks good I wish my dad
was a fun day help yourself
we have sandwiches this is the know you
guys can say whatever you wait thank you
guys happy birthday PJ happy bread Oh
shout out to the milk planet and
mycology gang PJ and is slaughtering
here yeah you guys get something to eat
or whatever you want to do thanks for
making time yeah for sure
oh let's see who else we got oh that
form or face member oh we got and
introduce yourself
yeah we do play we do like she's fine
guys me and Brian are literally Santa
Claus we're taking pictures of everyone
where's the Santa at the mall medicine
happy birthday guys we were the Santa
you know at the mall with everyone
everyone goes quiet the awkward moment
awkward sideways stop my house I'm not
allowed to have an awkward silence here
PJ PJ Tucker
they ticket there you'll be a better
basketball present a.m. hopefully both
Brian and Brandon can play all day long
this way right here your first time
Yeah right here went undefeated all
season last action what's the boy you
guys oh yeah happy bird
to you happy birthday dear PJ PJ happy
birthday to you yeah to the wife happy
birthday PJ you're lucky Middle Eastern
families they get cake wipe it all over
the face yeah we smear all on their face
uh-huh
I got one question how do you go
undefeated in the regular season and you
lose first round of the playoffs that's
honest a but some say except the San
Diego charger testing right there it's
not okay to find time to lose
yeah terrible better than mighty moment
the playoffs
I want to Nick I'm already playing in
two different ones on oh no I'll play in
three though I don't care I'm down with
there were some friends that couldn't
make it today but they want some love
yet my friend can go and then shout-out
to you then Colin you couldn't make it
because he has a concussion whoo
Oh shout-out to my cousin's all of them
out there that's my brother that said
everyone everyone go and shout out to my
sister Christina she couldn't make it
she had a soccer I respect that sports I
respect it
come on oh and then to Nick well yeah
well if you got you guys's big again - I
don't need Nick whoa like drives I'm
here simple answer yeah that's the one
that almost cried yeah yeah no she's
smart she said shout out to everybody
I've seen so many people miss shoutouts
and their friends get mad well you
didn't shout me out everybody yeah she's
smart
you know we got out okay got in Troy
Christo and Troy okay we want to say
thank you guys for coming it really
means thank you thank you
look guys they packed us food because we
have to get going so thank you guys yeah
appreciate it guys they came out to show
some love to the car why are you so far
away you're allowed to get close you can
get close
wait don't watch us getting in we still
hit our heads we're still getting used
to getting in of course of course she'll
watch the video so I can't wait to eat
till we get home so I'm having Bryan
feed me on the way back can you unwrap
the sandwich from you yes
I'm driving I can't do it thank you you
go girl
Bryan said Benny I don't know how to
unwrap this it's like no look at it like
it did you just lick your fingers haha
okay there hurry before it turns green I
need to buy it feed me feed me it's got
your green too disagreed not the wrapper
hold it out huh close it down
like like you know when you buy the
stands when you go like this with your
okay finally good job mmm good job what
did I eat the wrapper I think right no
your good nature yeah he shut out Paul
if you want to shout out Jersey Mike's
the reason we couldn't stand we had to
leave so early there's actually serious
right now
so the reason we actually couldn't stay
too long so Jackie actually got really
really sick this started a couple of
days ago that's why yesterday she wasn't
even in my blog she just felt really
sick and we weren't too worried because
it wasn't anything too bad but she just
kept saying she felt sick you know it's
just like a normal sickness then it
actually ended up getting worse and
worse to the hospital today and if they
put an IV on her and she's back home now
she's not South the hospital they didn't
keep her there too long I mean I don't
want to say it's really bad but she's
actually sicker than what me and her
thought it's not just a regular sickness
so I have to go back and take care of
we're gonna say too long it was bad
enough on my part that I left her but we
were only there for a while like five
minutes and minutes of those fun yeah we
had to go show some love and now my
boyfriend duties look after turn the
switch on and now the boyfriend duties
have to turn on I'm racing home Jackie
needs me
my girlfriend needs me she's sick a
girlfriend senses our team I know my
girlfriend Oh Brian can you help me take
care of her like massager no no no no I
can't touch her and we didn't think was
too bad but it turns out it is pretty
bad
so hopefully everything's okay with my
girlfriend you guys are actually showing
a lot of support on Twitter you're
tweeting me and her for her to get
better so I appreciate that I'm sure she
appreciates that a lot and we'll hope
for the best
I don't want to like she doesn't want to
be on camera right now rightfully so I
don't blame her she's extremely sick and
I don't want to put on camera so thank
you guys for your support she
appreciates it and go take care of my
girlfriend now people I can't tell you
the amount of times me and Jackie I've
gone the tweets ever since Jackie got
sick
a million people bro she's pregnant you
got Jackie pregnant OMG there's gonna be
a baby bruh wadis no I guess sadly I
don't know however way you guys want to
look at it there's no baby bro honest at
least I don't think but what do you
think if there's ever a baby reward or
something wait wait oh you want to be a
grandpa you would be the uncle grandpa
I'm already look like ya already look
like a River wait would you take
care of my baby like when I went to the
gym and play basketball well would it
happier like don't have my nose we
imagine my nose and Jackie's nose
together
ah no shout-out to all you guys who so
many people were hoping for a baby me I
know I don't know not so much yet yet I
said yet I didn't plan on having kids
weekend would you name your kid like it
as a guy um pro wadis
I think I don't need no I don't know
what I'll name my kid dumbass oh yeah I
can even bro like this
oh guys honestly it's a dumbass yeah I'm
a my kid dumbass cuz that's what it is
coming from me I don't know honestly I'm
not gonna say I'm glad that she's not
pregnant but let's just say I don't
think I'm ready to be a father yet I
don't think there just yet but I do
appreciate everybody who was hoping that
Jack you expected there are so many
tweets when Jackie said she's not
pregnant she's just sick people are like
oh no baby bruh waters off man so I
appreciate that but true Benny
cyberleader me that what are you driving
why this I believe you literally
emotions ran into the frickin plans when
you're 21 years old you go through a
pregnancy scare and your girl ends up
not being pregnant sue my god pop tamale
I'm sweaty
whoo wait oh my god I think I'll have
people on my forehead and when I did
that it hurts so bad no Jackie is not
pregnant
all the girls were sad all Jackie's
female fans we're like no I'm G I wanted
a baby bruh wadis already not yet soon
though couple years trust me
actually at the rate that I don't pull
out it's gonna be a couple of days not a
couple of years guys we got a dilemma
usually when someone's sitting passenger
they get first of all Brian would you
say God is recording me right now
seriously he's a nerd girl
God is in our garage how someone
recording this is really our garage
right now and that's my car so shoes are
right there and they're really right
there but anyways guys usually when
someone writes passing you with me
they're supposed to get out before we
enter the garage because there's enough
room to get out in the garage
Brian's dumb ass we get in the garage is
like wait how much was my fault
okay fine it is my fortune I remember
okay try to get out though should I do
it yeah don't hit the cabinet Brian
careful wait coming together yeah just
try your best the only way like 12
pounds it should come out go go go go go
go Oh Oh get out here look that look you
know he did something bad
who's gonna win Patriots Ravens trying
to keep their playoff hopes alive
Patriots trying to secure home-field
advantage throughout the playoffs
we're Bosley said haha that's where you
want to sit guys Bosley has to get his
way no matter what if he wants to sit
there
he literally shoves my dad alpha spot if
he wants to stay here he'll get his way
to sit here you spoiled dog Bosley
you're so spoiled you're fat and spoiled
there's how my dad spends his nights
with Bosley and sports are you watching
the football game yo what is up
everybody I'm here to close this video
out to wish PJ one last happy birthday I
hope you your family and all your
friends out there have a really good
time and enjoy us showing up I apologize
we weren't able to stay longer obviously
because I had to take care of something
at the house I love doing good things
like doing things like that makes me
feel so good the second Paul asked me if
I was free that day and if I could set
it up to where we showed about the house
I knew right away I wanted to I love
making people happy that's what I love
to do so I'm glad we got to do that on a
side note god I felt like adding this
last clip in because I feel like it's
gonna make you guys feel better so you
know I was with Jackie last night and
I'm with her right now
and she doesn't wanna be on camera
obviously but she wanted me to tell you
guys well first of all let me tell you
that the sickness is not just a regular
sickness it's not too bad but for our
own purposes we're not gonna disclose it
but she wanted me to tell you guys one
thing you know what she want me to tell
you she said babe please tell the vlog
that all of their support on Twitter and
Instagram made me feel better she said
that the support you guys gave her while
she was in the hospital she didn't say
overnight loss when I was with her last
night but I was with her yesterday but
she said that while she was there and
while she's being sick right now
your guys's support your guys's tweets
and your God's Instagram comments are
literally making her feel better she
said she doesn't want to be in the vlog
obviously which is understandable but
she didn't want me to tell you guys that
so thank you on behalf of her
thank you because I know that makes her
happy and I know just it makes her feel
really good so thank you guys I'm saying
thank you for myself and thank you from
her I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and thank you so much for watching and
for the rest of this day and actually
for the rest of however long my
girlfriend is sick my boyfriend duties
have to be turned on and I need to be
the best boyfriend that I possibly could
and help my girlfriend get better i'ma
be by her side the whole time and
hopefully she gets through this in a
couple of days and it doesn't last too
long I'm gonna do my best to help her
