yoga so before we start this video I
just want to apologize because for the
past two days in case you haven't
noticed there have been no videos on my
channel this is something that I
actually have never ever done ever since
I first opened up my youtube channel
I've never ever missed two straight days
it's bad enough when I miss one day so
the fact that I didn't have videos of
two days in a row I just want to
apologize because I know there's a lot
of people who look forward to watching
my videos whether that's after school or
after work and it's my job to put videos
out for you guys so I apologize that
there were no videos up and the sad
thing is I actually got videos done I
filmed I ended it and I uploaded them
and then the first one it was the yoga
challenge with Jackie and that got
age-restricted because a lot of people
reported it what can you do it in my
opinion kind of bullshit because there
are literally videos on YouTube called
sex position yoga challenge up in sex
positions and they do those and the
girls are wearing like bras and
underwear like there's couples pretty
much having sex legitimately dry humping
each other on YouTube and that doesn't
even get ain't restricted but the one of
myself and Jackie where we were fully
clothed pants and shirts and we didn't
even type in sex positions we tucked in
funny yoga poses that's it so that guy
ain't restricted because so many people
reported it should they reported it and
YouTube decided to age-restricted so
there goes that one in my opinion that
was one of my funniest videos but some
things are out of our control what can
you do and then yesterday I also got a
video done and that got copyright
claimed before I even made it public so
I uploaded it it was on private I was
about to make it public and it got a
copyright claim so for the past two days
I got videos done and I just wasn't able
to put them out so what can you do
honestly at this point YouTube is broken
so I just wanted to apologize because a
lot of people were tweeting me saying
hey man where are your videos you know
are you okay I haven't ever seen you
missed two straight days there were also
a lot of people telling me you know you
deserve a break so it's good that you
didn't upload for two days but the sad
thing is I didn't take a break I got the
videos done I edited the videos I filmed
the videos I uploaded them and they're
not up on my channel due to youtube
that's kind of what made me upset that's
what made me pissed off because if I was
gonna take two days off I would have
just took two days off and I would have
uploaded but the fact that you know I
worked on the videos I spent hours and
hours and hours and one got reported
multiple times so I had to get eight
restricted and the other got falsely
copyright there was no copyrighted
material in that video but the fact that
I tried to get videos out for guys
worked on them for hours and hours and
then YouTube is kind of like glitching
and messing up right now that's the
reason I couldn't get videos out that's
what upsets me you know I tried my best
whether it's YouTube 4 or whatever
it's my job to get videos out for you
guys so I apologize and I promise you it
won't happen again one day is bad enough
two straight days will never happen
again
I hope the rest of this vlog makes up
for me missing those days because you're
in for a really really fun video I trust
me this video will not disappoint so
thank you for stopping mine I hope you
enjoy the rest of this video this jr.
tell them what just happened Wow wait
wait wait wait I just called you jr.
sorry guys J jr. put your seatbelt on do
you think you are I forgot Faro a wreck
Florida even if the jimin's one second
wasted or your C ball J tell them what
just happened B I tried to upload a
video and they got copyright strike
anytime two times he took out the port
net it said he's gonna get copyrighted
for and it's still copy yeah I was about
to make it public I got a copyright
claim so I'm like okay what the hell
this is weird I've never gone a
copyright claim YouTube is fucking
broken right now yesterday my video got
age-restricted there was no nudity but
it was a yoga challenge people do a
sexual yoga challenge where they wear
like bras and all this and that doesn't
even get age restricted but anyways I'm
talking too much
what does J and B stand for oh well J
obviously conferred Junior
okay J and B stands for Brandon so right
now guys I should have been at the gym a
while ago but I was trying to get that
whole thing with my youtube channel
figured out that did not work so right
now if you look at my channel there's
two days missing but I technically
uploaded both days we're about to go 5
on 5 2k community versus real-life
basketball players loss gesture the
lazer dak Prescott Kash nasty and LS k 5
gamers v 2k gamers against me and my
squad I picked up four guys no youtubers
just four friends and I play bass all
without the game these guys are probably
my four best friends so I just hit them
up Junior is one of them so he's gonna
be playing
I'm just joking he's not he just came to
watch you guys know ollie for shirt
let's not forget about this we played
LSK and Jess in the laser last month two
on two we picked up the win so they had
to buy us some new shoes let's not
forget about that all he helped me get
that win so I picked out lead backup for
this squad this five-on-five full
basketball game they challenged me they
said you get your five we have our five
to K community verse real-life
basketball players these guys are really
really good at to case just because
you're good at video games let's see if
I can translate on the core what do you
think to you well I don't want to be
biased by play video games but does that
translate does that give you the skills
on the court or is it just on the
controller we'll see I haven't met Louis
or hash nasty s so we're gonna go meet
up with cash starting two guards SDSU hi
Huckle my five ten to six
and what
he's a king's head so if we get held
back it's the Kings fan fall that's all
these cousin
our starting fallout in China LSK shadow
just lays between the
shout out are starting me guard okay
shooter right here so we got one two
three four or six man Junior we're just
at
oh and five is he lifting bro why Justin
lifting Justin lifting before we play oh
my god for all you people who live and
play ball you guys no lifting before
playing balls a killer
it kills you for games jr. you're a
youngster so you don't know when you
want to play ball don't lift before it
kills your whole shot it just makes you
feel so steep shoutout LS cave rubbish
is game challenge that's the lingo shut
up chance the rapper Holly you should
switch shorts Oh shoutout
why are you lifting before we play why
okay so he thought
what are you playing the one guard today
like our starting point if he looks
familiar that's because Jordan fucking
twins that's where this is joy
Jordan's older brother right here we
might have to sub junior a that's our
six man I swear six man of the year ah
and if you check your meal yeah
Oh
anyone
I
ha
three
I saw the wings
one of my best friends
five six
he has a better shot again and 90% of
the people
what's going on to Europe
picking up the W
you guys are going to win no no doubt
five percent stanza on its man every
time we play if it's out on him he said
out on me but the balloting is
installing him so you don't lie
we have to win now
i exaggerating fellas shooting skills
are not amazing he doesn't miss a shot
yo so dak Prescott just showed up but
the Cowboys have a game tonight I don't
get it taking a buy extra by the playoff
by isn't going to be enough are using
the Cowboys fan let's see the truth um I
mean yeah play on the teacher she got
drafted by them obviously so I mean they
pay my salary so but what I'm saying if
they have a game right now a division
game against the Giants he just decided
to pull up to the June but I told them
I'm like when your team's 11 and 1 you
could take some we're good man I got I
got faith in my on my little brother
Tony
what does feel right seeks to lead you
guys oh yeah takes a doll we're good man
he did he ditch the game so you better
leave with a win but um I think Jesse's
embarrassed from the last game he was
kind of shot he was really hot yeah he's
gonna be he's gonna be trying hard he's
gonna be sweat
okay
all right a bit
yeah
Oh
100 bucks
professor
come out
we're about to play 100 bucks each 500
total crazy cash promise he shook on a
win he said they're gonna win he shook
on it to a hundred bucks hey now that
it's for cash everyone's got to go fuck
it all now that money on the line
Oh
you
you
you
Oh
and to get on the board
you
game on game on up the fucking the
elevator kind of showers are doing my
refreshes our 100 bucks that's why
everybody was trying so hard I swear
that's all underestimated them honestly
in place they were up a fight they never
come all the way back so sounds a good
game by all ended too late and this
isn't going to be the home time looking
forward to another room at the time we
were down eight five and then we go
I get it go get it - and then I hit the
super game winner Justin Justin had that
one oh yeah no I only know something I
don't want to look at it I know I
thought it was gonna go paul george
injuries were like the boneless see how
I was like you saw there is get that
copy one can tell Justin self cocky look
at that one hey good luck even hate it
turned off usually after the angel
surely driving home shirtless fun do
this all right click this work away I'll
check it check it we hear how's the faux
hawk go I'm good
the Tigers good we're doing good give me
a ran I'm gonna get you a part of my
block money exhale make sure you a make
sure you guys will follow my boy bro I
did is that shout out which okay so cash
challenge me last night I only have one
day just like you get to Bob I have my
father by the way in my head I didn't
even have to think about it 1 2 3 4 3
chat that's it I didn't even think about
it you guys are ready tomorrow we're
gonna play I made him call on world I
mean in cod words self companies working
it yeah your companies are watching
shout out sorry Jana Stanley Miller this
is the part that I wanted I didn't
hesitate I didn't think about anybody
else this for look best friend since
kindergarten
best friend since second grade his
brothers are have to be friends with him
yeah that's his cousin
I still don't fucking like it
bingo
the casting I'm
so okay community doesn't want to leave
with L so they requested a
three-on-three so we're about to go meet
again a new episode of hey but honestly
it's all fun and games but it's all
funny here
it was all his birthday yesterday
December 10 I swear you guys are Twain I
swear
you know watch this is what I was
talking about way first of all look how
much stan is sweating Jesus Stan it
sounds like a wet towel right now well
and then you got G right here going to
just shot oh he used to look like Drake
he's letting his hair grow out and his
beard go out no more Drake what was
going through your head when you took
that fucking last half-court shot bro
Ali's no no what kind of show is that
where shut up no I was gonna kill him I
was like I'll leave before the game I
lectured rimmel I said listen I don't
care about three four five points
do not shoot a half quarter Oh golly al
lately but when he took that shot like
what the foot I understand sometimes he
takes in a regular pickup game but we're
playing a fucking there's like six
cameras out at the same time he pulls up
from half-court who won your series I
was trying it listen I was trying to get
Stan shot and instead I got a
three-pointer by G I got three on three
a series and I'm gonna bring the camera
just set it up
trust me I'm telling you everyone you
know they try but once the cameras out
you've never seen anybody tried that
hard trust me what is going on your
channel oh I called it to that last shot
but give me the ball see all he take the
half-court shot I was like what are you
looking good God knowing Olly Olly
probably has a timer counting down when
these videos are gonna be uploaded he's
gonna watch each one one on my channel
one on cash he's probably gonna watch
each one like 70 analyzes each second of
each one he's gonna watch each one like
17 times then he's gonna go down to the
comment section and refresh every single
second for what two months every single
it's like two for two and a half weeks
at least you have to refresh all we love
I love reading comments like everything
he loves when he's in a video and you
just watch it at milling time so show
him some little Mel loves the camera -
so she'll tell Paul have Aboriginality
I hate go home let me over light get me
sit I'll sue the mummy around here
couple plays you they know - the guy
with the BMW cash with the cash shoutout
oh you gave me extra 20 Oh I'm just
letting it in there okay
okay so I'll buy Cash's meal not bad for
someone who didn't do shit I honestly
don't I'll be the first one there Oh Mel
was just off he could claim he can
usually play hitting half-court shots
three driving in I think the camera
pressure got in here by now I was lucky
scared he's not used to the camera no
I'm not and I knew no shooting but yeah
that's what I was mad I like rimmel
shoot like I've seen you play I know you
don't play like this
