did you drink enough water I see it
dripping down your mouth Oh looky guys
he looks like a slinky going down the
stairs go down let's see the slinky go
ah so we got the Christmas tree up
shout-out to my girlfriend she put up
the Christmas tree decorations all on
her own while I was editing my video I
had no idea Christmas tree was empty
no ornaments no decorations I'll editing
my video I walk out it's already guys
look at some of these decorations oh
they're really funny so we have me okay
yes guys this was me no that is not a
picture of Josh Peck or an ugly gremlin
why elitism and ugly gremlin but it's
actually me that was my freshman year of
high school that was me in ninth grade
at age 14 or 15 I don't remember but
that's how I looked we could this line
up look at that hair line so for all you
ninth graders out there just remember
there is hope I think I was like four
foot nine in that picture four foot nine
my freshman year four feet nine inches
this is Brian in his eighth grade
because we were on the same team we were
one year apart
fucking Rico from Hannah Montana I just
don't understand what I was thinking
with the hair I don't get it
Bosley did you see how ugly I was why I
still AM but thank God not as ugly as I
was before I can't believe I look like
that in high school that's actually
crazy so for all you ninth graders out
there there is a long until what's going
on really quick so my girlfriend is
actually very very sick today I'm not
sure why she has like a stomachache a
headache for sure a cold you know where
we're entering December the weather is
changing it's getting really cold down
here in San Diego
I'm sure it's colder in other parts of
the world but for us san diego's were
used to this sunny hall weather you know
sunny San Diego so this is pretty cold
for us we're not used to this so I think
Jackie's coming down with a cold so
she's really sick she's been in bed all
day she feel like throwing up and
everything so I feel bad and you know
she always takes care of me every single
day whether I'm sick or not she's always
taken care of me so now it's my turn
finally my turn my chance to take care
of my
French so what I did was I had my mom
make Jackie's favorite salad I don't
even know what this is called here let
me show you this Jackie's favorite salad
right here it's cucumbers tomato lettuce
and I don't know what the sauce is but
guessing it tastes good there's a reason
Jackie likes it mmm time to shower give
it a little shower a loss hour actually
but it tastes good I don't know what the
dressing is let's see oh I think it's
ballsack vinaigrette this yeah the ball
sack naturally helps absorb vitamin
domino so Jackie's asleep right now and
I made her plate of the salad so this
salad my mom always makes it's Jackie's
favorite thing so I had my mom make it
for her shout out my mom thank you I'm
sure jack is gonna appreciate it she
doesn't even know yet and then Jackie
likes to eat this with rice for whatever
reason so I'm gonna put her a plate of
rice and we're gonna go upstairs and
wake her with some food the lot of
course guys of course the last thing
Jackie told me before she fell asleep
was I'm hungry babe I said babe you have
a stomachache how can you be hungry well
I thought she came the last thing she
told me was that she was hungry and then
she fell asleep so I'm assuming she's
still hungry so let's get her the food
and go upstairs yes guys I'm putting in
a cereal bowl the rice krispies one for
me and the fruit loops one for Jackie
can't forget the utensils once out for
me one bowl for me and then I have one
side for Jackie and one bowl for Jackie
I get more meat than Jackie because she
gets a pretty big heavy dose of me from
myself anyway on a daily basis so I
figured I would get more meat on my rice
way I got I thought myself a plate of
the salad too because the ball sac sauce
actually tasted good the ball sac
vinaigrette
now the struggle is gonna be getting
this upstairs so okay babe would I make
you in the morning you mean with C and
no turkey yeah I told them I said you
take care of me every day even when I'm
not sick and she doesn't let me take
care of her so now that she's sick is my
chance to show that I could take care of
her so first in the morning I made the
breakfast
I know people didn't think I could do it
I cooked what is it called cooked baked
fucking defrosted I cooked two eggs I
cooked her a two egg omelet with cheese
and turkey and bread she wanted waffles
but her stomach was hurting so I said no
syrup then she wanted coffee and I said
no coffee because your stomach hurts she
was gonna kill me for that she wasn't
too happy but look I got her a ginger
ale cuz ginger ale is good for your
stomach
but anyways she still feels like death
so I'm probably not doing that good of a
job taking care of her
we gave her medicine does annex wait did
the xanax work I'm just joking goddess
excedrin so I guess we're gonna spend
the rest of the day watching basketball
the sun's game doesn't start till 6 p.m.
why there another this game today oh my
you think Jackie's sick right now just
wait till the sons game starts I'm gonna
be just as sick if not worse this team
is so bad but when you're this big of a
fan and you love the team so much you
have to watch every game I swear I know
a lot of people who start watching their
teams in the beginning of the season and
once their team does that they stop
watching I can't do that I still have to
keep watching no matter how bad we do I
know every time we lose I tell Jackie
babe I swear I'm never watching a game
again I'm so bad one day later oh I
can't wait for the Suns game but no guys
yeah right now I'm super happy and
energetic
give me one the sun's game starts that's
when my depression starts my daily
depression starts every time the sons
play that's what our plans are looking
like for the rest of the night just
relax in bed eat
and sadly watch the Sun skin Jackie says
hi but she does want to be on camera
because she says why no I look so
fucking ugly no you don't you look I
literally feel like I'm about to die if
I thought you looked ugly then would I
still touch you yes that's your baby
and because you want something mmm I
don't only touch you when I want
something okay guys so the sun's game
starts at 6 a ka at 6 p.m. this is when
this smile goes to this who knows maybe
the Sun will actually win today that was
the funniest joke I ever told in my
whole life were you hungry here I'll
finish it for you you didn't finish
there's one more spoon okay fine
why do you think you look ugly you look
hot yeah you look like a hot crazy woman
so oh wait Oh was your knee yeah guys
look like how much Jackie does for me
she's sick she's dying and I needed help
with my homework and she's helping with
my homework me kiss
hold on guys let's take care of we have
to take care of business you know what I
did business say serge ibaka
ah guys my dad and Jackie are downstairs
literally planning a vacation for the
family I don't even know all I hear I
keep hearing Alaska I keep hearing Las
Vegas I keep hearing the cruise ship I
don't know but my girlfriend is
literally downstairs with my dad they're
trying to plan like a vacation where
Jackie's family and my family go
together a lot of you might be wondering
you know why you eavesdropping on your
girlfriend and your dad's conversation
though why are you secretly listening in
on their conversation isn't that kind of
weird
well because the last time my dad and my
girlfriend fucking planned something
this is what fucking ended up happening
that's what fucking happen if you're
wondering why I'm paranoid I don't know
what the hell goes today I'm just
editing my video and I can die here my
girlfriend and my dad try to plan a
vacation for the two families to go
together I thought you guys were talking
about going on vacation Oh Alaska I told
I said in the vlog I said I keep hearing
Alaska Las Vegas and the cruise ship I
don't know would put two and two
together ah that's my plan next year
what why Alaska why not back to the
Caribbean okay my dad has his own plan
already okay we'll go we'll take off the
Alaska cruise from San Francisco okay so
we'll go to San Francisco I want three
four days over there okay to see what's
inside go to the Warriors game warriors
were signed yeah look like that war okay
we'll see client it's clay gonna drop
sixty again
humph on the ship
who's like making this plan just you
made it all today dad what do you think
of the treat
Jackie decorated it I like it I'm stylin
yesterday you said it was unorganized
and you did it maybe it was a nice what
was Brandon's picture something there's
like one of them is broken so the whole
tree doesn't light up from the bottom
you have to like whittle it and then
this oh yeah Bosley white shell the
picture of what Bosley looks like when
he sits like that oh my god someone
please take that back all of you because
he never comes near ya guys I was
editing my video yesterday and I come
out and Jackie's decorating the whole
tree by herself porque no Dada Bosley's
new favorite thing is just sunbathe oh I
can live that even all the way the whole
time I was at the gym for a couple of
hours he was out in the Sun just tanning
no I think Bosley's jealous of the black
plugs because you know there's black
plugs to father's trying to go the
opposite of Michael Jackson balls he
wants to go from white to black so he's
tanning so heavy everyday he sits here
in front of the Sun for hours where's
the game tonight Chiefs and Raiders yeah
finally a good Thursday Night Football
game no tell Brian when are you
returning the damn mouse
I don't guys I'm sorry I don't like
rodents I know it's just a mouse but
maybe because I used to have a hamster
when I was younger it's oh so scared of
it and I'm still scared of mouse rats
snakes I know snakes aren't rodents
obviously but let's just throw that in
there I'm so scared of snakes Brian had
the mouse I don't know he prank my mom
whatever I didn't even know about it
till it happened and I was so scared I
didn't even fucking go downstairs I
thought you were to return the mouse
that's the only reason I went down I
went to the gym for a couple hours me
Jackie and my friend Dennis you guys met
him in the last vlog and then I raced
back home to finish editing my video
I can't believe I didn't finish anything
last night till what time was I wake
till editing like like four hours away
to like 3:30 or 4:00 a.m. 4:00 in the
morning trying to finish editing my
video I couldn't get it done I just fell
asleep I was so tired by that time and
so I have to come back from the gym
early finish editing my video but I got
it done look it's uploading it has four
minutes left and then I'm done this one
actually took so long to edit for
whatever reason yeah we're gonna bring
Dennis over to meet the family it's the
least we can do like I said yesterday I
don't need to explain all over again if
you didn't watch the vlog just check it
out
but I'll say one thing when I was down
in Phoenix Arizona he took really really
good care of me as he started out as a
fan and now he became a really close
friend bro the fucking mouse keeps
moving I swear it's gonna jump out the
box he became a really close friend he
let me spend the night at his house when
I went down to Phoenix so the least I
could do in return is bring him over let
him meet the family I took him to the
gym earlier plates and bow so I took him
to the mall yesterday
he's Chaldean just like me so he's gonna
get along with my parents really well
fuck the mouse
I think that's um Corey Baxter's Mouse
or what was that hamster a rat I think
that's the same one I'm just joking
Corey Baxter had a rat first of all
let's just say I met Corey Baxter at one
of the parties in Beverly Hills and he
is crazy now but I still love him
because he's Cory Baxter
Orlando Bloom yeah Orlando Bloom has
gone full crazy it was Eddie dude that
literally make it a put some clothes on
you're gonna you're gonna get
age-restricted it's naked it looks like
mr. Krabs when mr. Krabs came out of the
shell are you gonna meet Dennis first
time rob excited heard some things about
him why do you say like it's bad hey I
heard some good things about her I've
heard some good things about you Dennis
my brother's been talking about you
Dennis Rodman Dennis Schroder you watch
my videos yeah oh really yeah he watches
all of our video it is that time a him
cuz he was such a huge fan I can't wait
for this shit man we're gonna do suck
him off hey Brian please return the
mouse well wait if you brought home a
snake I cuz you think wanted to bring
home a book that did they sell 20-foot
pop-up oh they had anaconda wait did
they sell the anaconda from the movie
with Jennifer Lopez and Ice
oh look a skinny this one was oh my god
it looks like you can't look at me look
at this ballpark oh no oh my god I said
you got bit by said I'll be like a
pinprick yeah right Brian brought home a
mouse and I wouldn't even go downstairs
if he brought home a damn snake I would
jump off my roof I'm sorry I know the
idea shop but I know I'm serious that
would need to be a praying that would be
fucking stuff
I'm serious snakes and I understand
there's a lot of people who love
reptiles and I watch a lot of snake
shows and I'm actually interested like I
learned a lot about snakes I watch a lot
of snake shows I read a lot of articles
on snakes but when it comes to like
seeing them in real life or handling
them in real life no that's just numb I
remember in fifth grade we all went on a
field trip and every single person in
the class got to touch a snake like you
let it like lay in your hand and I
stepped away I was the only kid in the
class who didn't touch it I don't know
why I'm saying that like I'm proud she's
making her fantasy basketball lineup
who'd you pick today so far no I'm
really stuck because I want all the good
players will be sixteen thousand eight
because you cannot take all the good
players you're gonna run out of the
salary cap she took Damian Lillard klay
Thompson CJ McCollum Jimmy Butler Wilson
Chandler babe you're nothin not sorry
about it it's okay you're gonna be sorry
when you don't have enough to finish out
your roster she's addicted to the daily
fantasy basketball game guys I'm
actually in shock that I couldn't get my
video done I stayed up like I said till
like 4:00 in the morning last night and
then I actually set an alarm I woke up
at 8 in the morning to try to get it
done because that's how determined I was
because I wanted to play basketball and
I still couldn't get it done so I had to
leave the gym early anyways guys I just
hopped out the shower you already know I
had to wash my face extra good wash away
all the pimples people think I'm crazy
nobody believed me I blow dry my hair
after every shower Jackie knows
well you know so much there oh yeah guys
waiting on Dennis to show up I own Oh
Jackie caught me look I ate a fruit I
ate a fruit by the foot right before I
went in the shower and I forgot to throw
it away I left it in the sink and she
caught me and I find these like six of
them not only two - that's so bad I know
but it tastes so good game number one of
the night
shout out Wizards shout out Nuggets way
showed him your bag oh it's not the bag
you got yesterday the makeup bag oh this
is a makeup bag that she bought
yesterday guys holy shit my toes are so
hairy every time I'm vlogging without
socks I get so scared to show my toes
but you know what it's almost 2017 I
need to face my insecurities ah they're
literally so hairy and they're just
right because I just got out the shower
should I shave my toes why you like the
hairy toes the hair never gets in your
mouth hmm yeah guys there's a new makeup
bag I like that one better
it matches your keys you know what you
think I care about my hairy toes I don't
even care anymore look I have here here
here on my toes
at least my nails are perfectly fine but
I will admit this is like a number eight
like if you go together here can you ask
for like a number eight this is what my
toe hairs are and I have a lot of leg
here actually it comes with being Middle
Eastern I swear but no honestly I might
have to get laser hair remover on my
toes PS if you're eating during this
part I do apologize I'm wearing your
favorite socks hey guys these are my
favorite pair of socks look at this I
have perfectly good one two three four
five six I literally have like 80 pairs
of socks perfectly fine and I choose to
wear these ones my mom gets so mad fine
someone get John walsim help in
Washington oh I know he's super good but
the team needs help guys look I have to
wear the slippers like this because I'm
wearing
lux and these are the ones that have the
damn hole like this but I can't put it
when I'm wearing socks and I can't find
my regular slippers mom look have to
wear them guys dennis is about to freak
out because my dad went to his car door
oh they're right there my dad went to
his car door to open it for him and
dennis has never met my daddy he's gonna
be so excited he's gonna freak out from
joy shout out Dennis
mom he was so excited to meet you and my
dad not and I can't wait yeah you too I
feel like it's nice to bring him over to
our house after he took me in and let me
sleep at his house but yeah guys he's
been talking about our family for days
he was so excited to meet Jack for the
first time yesterday and today for the
first time he's meeting yeah because
he's a huge fan of my videos subdennis
really excited I could tell we were -
yeah Brandon and Jackie they didn't stop
talking about you because you all he
took me into his house and let me spend
the night there I feel like the least we
could do is tree and took them to the
mall yesterday to the gym this morning
but the main part to our house you went
to the gym this morning okay you played
basketball okay play with Romel just
feels real we have to treat the guests
hey you're not the guns sorry for the
short notice on pizza and chicken Arabic
snacks Arabic snacks chips onion
earrings blocks soda and it was go later
hookah uh-oh the game's on who's winning
this on sons radius what let me see the
Hat dad it's so tight on his head
dad wait what month were you born Andrew
over here fried that's what I was
recording that's support way dad so when
are we gonna go on the trip that's
fixable next year Brian hey man Jackie
planned the whole trip like without
saying anything
like just hitman Jackie going oh oh I
don't know they say just you and Jack
your mom do you let us work with you let
you go tell you we're gonna go to San
Francisco
oh not me I'm who oh my dad made the
whole clans we made a list I don't like
that warriors against who fun okay from
San Francisco how long is this cruise by
for teenagers imagine two weeks of
videos in advance
oh yeah baby does it go now although
Brian you literally Colby wears a little
lower like this yeah and so does going
Wade yeah it's not going Brian looks
like the Grandpa's that playin uh like
retirement guys we got spoiled Bosley's
Thursday night sitting in the middle of
me and Jackie getting massaged by both
of us watching basketball
oh well what look this is what you have
to do okay you have to kiss him on the
lips button yeah how will my kiss to
people in my tastic Oh different uh-huh
huh guys Bosley senses something he's
staring at my dad he sensed it before
you do Bosley did you see his shirt
what's on his shirt is that your family
yes you keep giving me
yeah yeah just look at that face and I
still kiss him oh okay Bosley Boz is
more attracted to Jackie than I am no
really I think you're awesome
okay oh no oh no oh no Bosley got horny
right now just try just try oh no oh no
Bosley has nice four oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh he didn't do it guys buzz
was gonna hump my dad I swear that is it
the robe or the pajama pants both
imagine he gets horny for each one
imagine both together like my dad right
now in ballsy's eyes is a European model
oh no oh no oh no oh no Bosley why but I
will admit Bosley's actually good like
he has a lot a nice stroke game he is
good at I swear like it took me a long
time before I was doing me like that
Bosley good boy
mom I think Basel earned cuz he sleeps
in my room and like me and Jeff well no
like he watches he learns from eyesight
the eye test my mom laughs on camera but
wait so I end this clip she's gonna slap
me in the face as he sleeps in my room
he sleeps right next to the bed hey guys
you miss it she just tried to hit me on
the clip ended I swear good Bosley guys
still living the life watching the
watching the game with us go pink
my dad is the grip my dad is Bosley's
grandpa it's like why watching the Jazz
and Warriors game really quick it's
crazy that they're keeping it close
they're missing George Hill Derrick
Favors Gordon Hayward and Rodney hood
that's for starters they're missing for
starters the only starter that's playing
is Rudy Gobert everyone else had to be a
fill-in Dante Exum Joe Johnson Boris dl
they're missing for starters and they're
keeping up with the Warriors that's
crazy
Utah's underrated I've been telling
people since before the season started I
think Utah's for sure a playoff team
well I spoke too soon the Warriors are
still the Warriors and they're crazy
good guys look my mom hates when I wear
these socks she's on who bought me my
new socks thinking she could throw these
away
and I said mom do not throw these away I
like them mom they're antique I've had
them since I've literally look I've had
these shorts since since high school
I've had these socks since high school
and I've had this shirt for like years
and years and years I'm an old-fashioned
dude guys look this is my new fashion
trend now I could show off my hairy toes
and still wear socks look and then if
you're getting insecure about your hairy
toes why Dennis do you have hairy toes
is it a Middle Eastern thing oh I knew
it I don't think anyone is as bad as
mine but look this is if you want to go
out and be classy and then if you want
to be a free can get a little trashy
then just like this yeah I know I know
there's like a Kanye West clothing brand
how cold no or you can make it like a
like a NBA let yeah like a this is what
Devin Booker wears yeah or a shooting
sleeve watch this see you guys
life is all about saving money and
making the most of your opportunities
now I just have an NBA shooting sleeve I
know
call me Carmelo oh I need another one to
be Carmelo or Westbrook
okay guys me and Dennis are walking to
his car right now because he was kind
enough to bring my mom a gift this is
from your family to my mom from his
family back in Arizona to my parents so
we're gonna get the gift and give it to
my mom shoutout Jesus what's her name
no never yeah thank you so much now oh
this means a lot thank you
shout out you're not a great son while
this dunk was so filthy I'm sorry Ricky
Rubio but no oh my god
this corporate Rana was so sick it
literally looks like bosley sitting in
the middle of the court guys shoutout
Dennis's family members we're making
snapchats and sending to them right now
they're so jealous of him that he's here
because they didn't know Dennis was here
so I took his phone and I set them
snapchats they're like what the heck did
is where you have okay well so do
homework lily and Laureen you guys - I
didn't forget about you guys why Bosley
I understand you're tired you got to
relax we go he's sitting mom oh god
listen this is to me the craziest thing
so Dennis asked me to give a shout out
just to a few of his cousin's on
snapchat because they're fans on my
videos they watch my videos so I said
yeah sure so I took his phone and we
made four shout outs we shouted out four
of his cousin's Kristin Christopher
Shawnee and Alan so you know I shout
them out I was like oh that's cool you
have four cousins that watch me you know
that's that's really cool
and then he starts getting tags and
snapchat saying what you're after waters
his house what the heck and so we only
thought there were four cousins that
watch me it turns out like Owen tends
more than ten of his cousin that he
didn't even know watched me they were
like wait what the heck you ever want to
sell so to me that's the craziest thing
it's already crazy that four people
watch me form his cousin's yeah I asked
him I said wait did you tell them about
me and that's how they know me he said
no they just they know you oh my gosh so
shout-out to you guys no that's crazy to
me because I thought Dennis told them
about me and that's how they knew me but
he didn't even he didn't tell him
anything he didn't even know that they
watch me and they just seemed like they
don't
i watch my yeah exactly i don't know
it's just I think because some youtubers
get used to what people have been doing
it for a couple years but to me since
it's still also brand new like I told
him I've only been doing YouTube for
like a year in two months a year and
three months so it's still all new to me
it's still overwhelming I don't know
it's hard to explain but it was really
cool and crazy you know what's cool what
his mom and dad watch you yeah yeah
they're so proud of virata's thank you
thank you I just always think of these
things and like I just think of how
thankful and blessed and lucky and
appreciative I am to be put in the
situation that I am in are you kidding
me people from his own family his own
blood he didn't even know they watch me
and it turns out that they all watch me
it's just crazy like I said I think
other youtubers through the years they
get used to it like they get used to
having fans and supporters so to them
it's nothing but to me I don't know it's
still so new to me I've only been doing
this for like a year so it just makes me
realize how lucky and blessed I am I'm
never gonna take it for granted I don't
know it's just I don't know how to
explain it
I trust me I know how lucky I am I know
how blessed I am so I don't take it for
granted I don't get how some youtubers
like they don't care for having fans or
they don't care for having supporters to
me it's like one of the things I
appreciate most in my life or for
example like when someone from a certain
school watches my videos and then their
friends are like oh hey I watch them too
or they'll be like oh I saw someone in
my school wanger appeal it's like damn
multiple people from a certain school
watch my video like for in my opinion
I'd be lucky for even one person from a
whole school to watch my videos and the
fact that there's like multiple people
from every school that watch is just
it's shocking to me hopefully that's a
friendship starter hopefully I start
friendships because you go to that
person and be like oh hey you
you watch grow Walt is to like I don't
know I'm lucky enough to have one person
watch me the fact that there's multiple
I don't know guys thank you so much
thank you I love you guys I'm very very
lucky I'm very very blessed I'm very
appreciative and I know it I know it
trust me and never goes don't know this
thank you guys for all the love that's
why like some people were surprised that
I let Dennis come over and I hung out
with Dennis they're like oh what other
youtuber does that for his fans they
were saying in a good way like oh bruh
Wallace is nice he does that for his fan
it's the least I could do if it wasn't
for people like him I wouldn't even
it's the least I could do for my
supporters especially one that's as big
of a support as he is
