because it's actually a super good
doubleheader on ESPN today Knicks and
Cavs is game number one but it should
still be a good game hopefully and then
the second game the main event Clippers
and warriors that should be a really
good game so we can't wait to watch that
yes I say we because Jackie loves
watching basketball now I used to say I
can't wait but now Jackie loves it too
thank God get yourself a girlfriend who
loves watching the same sport as you I
swear I trained her to love basketball
wait whose jacket is that from who wait
I that's my jacket like I bought that
wait I want to wear it trade wait when
did I buy that that jacket and where did
I buy it from
I swear I'll remember so you only way
that one or this one
I'll wear the new one you waited okay
let's trade oh hold on give me a second
this is where you're showing me you know
babe you had to throw all inside out so
I know our initial plan was Dave when
did I buy this I like this are you sure
you didn't buy it from me I might have
actually wait I think whoa I look good
in this I swear I kind of look good in
this no I bought you that because I
couldn't find this one you bought this
for me everything come November thank
you bye their mighty this one bye buddy
that one but you said okay I'll try it
on when it's hot
she bought me this jacket and I actually
look good in it wait I'll go find three
the feeling when you find a new jacket
that you don't even remember you owned
and you actually good in it yeah okay
guys let me explain to you I know I
promised because Jackie feels really
sick that we were just going to lay in
bed and watch basketball all day
what no well here's actually what's
going to happen there's a little change
of plans
so in case you guys don't remember I
took a trip down to Phoenix Arizona last
month wait hold on let's get some better
lighting I look too ugly dull lighting
but I met I don't even want to call him
a fan because we became really close we
became actually really good friends so
he was a fan when we met his name is
Dennis but now I just see him as a
friend I don't even see him as a fan or
subscriber so my friend Dennis who I met
in Phoenix Arizona I want to say he
watches all my videos but that would be
an understatement he literally like like
he knows everything about my videos he's
it's like like right when I met him he
knew everything about my videos he would
go such a big supporter and so we hung
out he's Cal D and just like myself so
we obviously we already had that
connection and so we just got really
close when we were in Phoenix Arizona so
he actually came down here he drove down
here this morning it took him I don't
know like five hours to drive all the
way from Arizona down to San Diego
California and he's staying in a hotel
down the street so I promised him we
would hang out in his time here so he
came all the way down here by himself
just so we could hang out so I
appreciate that Dennis I swear it means
a lot
me and Jackie we're just gonna lay in
bed all day but he's here he arrived and
so we're actually gonna go to the mall
we're gonna take him to the mall that's
the least I could do for him when I was
in Phoenix Arizona
I met him his family and I actually
spent one of my nights at his home I
spent the night at his house because the
hotel that I was staying at just I had a
really really weird vibe from it felt
really weird and not a good hotel I
wouldn't recommend staying there again
and he actually took me and his family
took me into their home for one night if
anything I'm not gonna have him set up
the hotel if anything it's out of my
respect we should have him sit in our
house so the least me and Jackie could
do is take him out to the mall take him
out to eat so Dennis you guys are about
to me
you know you actually haven't put it on
since I got it for you I didn't know I
had it it was hidden where'd you find it
under here yeah thanks man so yeah guys
what started out as him just being a
really huge fan turns into him
travelling down here to San Diego and
we're actually gonna go hang out right
now one last time Dennis I appreciate
you and your family for taking the end
out one night when I was in Phoenix
I appreciate me I appreciate you guys
taking me and I know you didn't have to
do that and your whole family was not
and I can't wait for you to meet my
family like I said he's Chaldean just
like myself else Colleen's we already
have a connection by the way so you guys
are about to meet don't judge me cuz I'm
ugly you're showing yourself to the vlog
oh wait oh wait you're supposed to cover
the whole thing oh oh what she stepped
on my foot when she was wearing her
shoes right now wait look
who can I be like Peter Griffin is on
the phone do you know when he does wait
what are we gonna make him try at the
mall huh guys we're gonna make him try
the hot fries at the mall
you're gonna meet Dennis tonight okay
guys after the mall I'll bring him over
to the house babe you're bothering him
so much and so I want him to meet my mom
and dad he let me meet his family I want
him to meet my family oh my gosh company
rules look look Bosley Bosley he is so
fat anyway big look at him look hey Dad
Ron while we're gone dad make him do
some jumping jacks push-ups sit-ups
anyway yeah he's gaining he's gaining
weight what do you mean oh my gosh
he said Jackie's gaining weight not
Bosley dad you know Jackie did all the
decorations okay
okay babe let's go three two one
my dad and Bosley are literally closer
than me and Jackie they're best friends
my dad and Bosley our goals
I always tell Jackie I want our
relationship one day to be like Ron and
Bosley's but yeah guys so Dennis like I
told you he knew everything about my
videos I kid you not he has seen my
videos all of them at least once maybe
two times each and so he knows me and
Jackie always eat the hot fries when we
go to the mall Christmas slides on point
these are nice the Christmas tree
decorations anyways I think we're going
to take the Lexus because this car
despite it having four seats it only
holds two people pretty much so we don't
want anyone to squish in the back so
we're just going to take the Lexus to
the mall guys by the way it wasn't just
Dennis who I met in Phoenix who was an
amazing supporter everybody that I met
in Phoenix I was just in shock at how
much love you guys showed me every
single person I met in Phoenix every
single one
I left my meet and greet over there
speechless I was just like wow to think
that I had love down here in San Diego
was nothing compared I'll take it it was
nothing compared to the love that you
guys showed me in Phoenix
honestly shoutout to everybody I met in
Phoenix and I can't wait to go back
there so I can meet all of you guys
again because I plan on going back the
first week of January so honestly in one
month I'll be there next month
you want to come trying to plan a meet
and greet me and Jackie over there in
Phoenix again so I look forward to
meeting all you guys that I already met
and if I didn't meet you I look forward
to meeting guys for the first time cuz
you guys were amazing I feel like I kind
of said this like it was a small thing
so that was my mistake cuz it's not let
me just rephrase that the fact that he
took me into his home put me under his
roof and let me spend the night there
was like I can't even explain in words
how thoughtful that was so he
have to do that just because my hotel
was very very shitty he wasn't obligated
to put me under his roof and take me to
his house but like I said us Chaldeans
stick together Jackie just gotta NBA
Alert on her phone so dry I think the
only alert Sargeras good you don't mind
yeah of course you don't mind fuck
anyways one more thing I forgot to
mention that Dennis did for me when I
was down in Phoenix he drove me to the
airport when I had to go to my flight I
plan on hanging out with him every
single day that he's here I'll try to
get him out there to the gym to play
basketball shout out Dennis shout out
Dennis shrewder God speaking of Dennis
shooter
what is your memory with him cuz we met
him last summer first let me just tell
you guys I was so nervous at Summer
League when I asked for a picture with
Dennis he goes let me take it I'll take
it he took her phone what's his last
name
he took Jagan's phone and took the
selfie himself okay guys so we just
picked up Dennis come on say what's up
Dennis okay I'll tell them how you did
so many things coming down when I was in
Phoenix and look he shows up with two
hats one for Jackie one for myself super
nice and he also got a gift from my mom
he got us like a cross for the house so
she's gonna literally like talk about
you I know I was getting pissed at him
because he always I kept on him you
don't have to bring me anything you
don't have to bring me anything and what
does he do he shows up when to head to
told them we're gonna make you try the
hot fries so again like you didn't know
yeah he expected it
you used to be a huge fan of my videos
but now you're technically just my homie
like I don't even I don't even see you
as a fan out here
shout out Dennis
oh no okay guys so the good thing that
dennis is such a huge fan of my videos
he already knows that we just come here
to eat a bunch of food so he's not going
to be surprised we're going straight to
the food court right now usually he
would have been surprised like why are
they eating so much but he knows already
fries Philly cheesesteaks sushi Cinnabon
everything this action looks old
Jackie bought me my whole wardrobe
actually does this look familiar from
the vlogs I just caught you in the vlog
ticket we took a picture she says that
she looks weird so now I have to take
another picture
imma put you on blast I'll record you
always take a picture oh my god okay
wait I missed one
okay fine I won't do it this is the
hardest fan experience I've ever done
there's like six pictures
jealous man
Oh
good
okay okay
okay I'll just cover my face no I think
she just wanted more vlog footage more
time on camera
thank you guys look we're still going
she's now she wants a selfie okay go you
can say what's up to the vlog that's it
that's my newest subscriber she just
introduced her to my channel no guys
look we gave Dennis the one with more
spices for his first time here yet look
all the spices on top it's hot guys we
got the Philly cheesesteak
the sushi more Philly cheesesteak you
thought it was a joke we come here just
to eat I swear we're trying to go
Christmas shopping for her little sister
you really look like Santa it's hard to
shop for her little sister when her
Christmas wish list literally says cash
like no Nicki we're not gonna get you
cash we're not getting you cash you take
it or leave it we're gonna get you gifts
okay I'm not gonna get anything like
this it's kind of weird for me I'll get
her some fucking cookies or something
but yeah ask me proud
oh yeah Jackie's mom's boyfriend asked
Jackie on his wishes he wanted underwear
okay
at me other like you said here which
underwear he wanted for your mom ha ha
you're literally your little red
riding-hood mixed with Santa I know you
just imagine you accidentally walked out
with it that would be a good blog but if
she gets tackled by the workers a good
thumbnail exactly yeah babe can you do
it please no this is I don't like this I
like which one oh yeah you could wear
this for me guys
ask Dennis a worker at the store next
door he said hey beautiful I thought he
was talking to Jackie so I turned my
head all there but he was talking to
someone else I thought he was talking to
Jackie I swear my leg broke cause of
health fast
I just heard hey beautiful now I go
Christmas shopping so late what's today
December 7th 8th no today is December
7th well by the time you guys watch this
- December 8th but today is December 7th
that's actually nice if you get it wait
Nikki if you're watching my videos these
aren't for you we're talking about
another Nikki yeah I weigh honestly I'd
say - like December 20th or 21st and I
get screwed over because then the malls
get really really busy and everything
expensive yeah they Jack the prices up
because they know people are desperate
at that time I'm so dumb I'm at the mall
every week and I don't buy buy Christmas
gifts till the end like I'm here right
now why am i Christian shopping I don't
know I'm asking myself the same
questions but I just don't know so I'll
probably be back with a Christmas gift
shopping vlog I'd say around December
22nd or 23rd shout out December 23rd
that's my mom and dad's anniversary they
actually have - they got made once in
Iraq and once down here December 23rd
and May 3rd I remember a shout out guys
now that I think about it my mom and dad
are spoiled who has two anniversaries
like I'm not gonna marry Jackie twice
I'm not gonna make Dennis twice like I
don't even know if I'm I marry him once
two gifts Jackie said I'm speaking so
highly and so good about Dennis she
thinks he's my side chick he might be
the main knife you might be the side
then this might be the main no Devin
Booker and Eric let's our mains Dennis's
side number one Jackie aside number two
but yeah my mom and dad have the nerve
to
get married two times y'all no offense
if any of my subscribers on these but
who the fuck would fuck somebody if
they're wearing these I'm just being
real they don't even get any ideas you
know you don't need to buy my on
anything babe I want them to match okay
my mom and all already look like twins I
don't know guys unless you're into
fucking a lumberjack
and this no just no like this you can't
get hard of somewhat like I don't know
this is it oh wait member I got in
trouble for recording in here once just
cuz I got in trouble for recording in
here once last time now I'm recording
extra in here because I asked for a
reason and they wouldn't give me a
reason so so I can't record panties and
thongs watch this I'm telling you I'm
not petty well actually I am but if you
just gave me a reason why can I record I
wouldn't mind see this is something this
is something we could work with this not
so much
I don't know and this is like you're
fucking a leprechaun no I can't do that
guys Jackie wants this you can't you
cannot use this one look it's called
scandalous what do you need to be fuckin
scandalous for where does it say my
scandalous look under so note this is
called oh so sexy I don't know how you
say it very sexy so you can use this
this this is called bombshell that's
racist what are you trying to say like
the no bombshell because I'm Middle
Eastern and now you're racist tease okay
you could tease me a little but you
can't use scandalous BAE my grandma
doesn't even Victoria's Secret
merchandise I don't think
of course Jackie wants scandalous guys
$45 for these five small bottles me and
Bosley could make this at home you tell
me sell for 45 damn dollars and yes I am
cheap like mr. Krabs but still okay guys
so me and Jackie are going through a
dilemma because know she never lets me
spend money on her she never lets me buy
her anything she never lists even when I
buy her food she gets mad oh babe why'd
you spend money on me you bum you bought
me so many things just recently I'm
going to purchase something for you she
buys me clothes foods
hey mom hey mother-in-law tell her I
said hi so Jackie wants a makeup bag or
perfume so I'm trying to buy something
for her and she won't let me so now we
have a little dilemma here he's
experiencing it look we have a guest and
she won't just say okay
she buys everything for me he sees me
he's running after man oh yeah and she
won't let me buy anything for her so now
we're not going in line just because she
wants to buy for herself I understand
she makes her own money and she works so
she does want me to on her but I'm her
boyfriend I'm a lot to buy something for
her I think she takes a lot of pride
because she works a lot so she takes a
lot of pride like no I make my own money
I want to spend it myself
she's a good girl she I just want to do
something nice for her
babe what size are you 38 d oh wait her
mom's on the phone or 38 double D babe
let me see your phone case ah guys is my
favorite part this has to be the best
phone case on earth
yeah thanks baby
not just shovel wait let it focus wait I
actually like it that much
oh wait why is her fingers so oily your
oily okay baby I'm gonna buy it for you
why not
actually babe why don't you go dig me I
mean any second now really because it
makes me mad just let me do one time why
can't you go dig me just for one day I
mean everyone comments calling you a
gold digger anyways miles well embrace
it I don't wanna be one if you don't let
me buy it nobody could buy it I'll hide
it in the store somewhere Rogers is this
your bra size 34 a haha no you're not
you're good decent size don't worry babe
no if you if you buy I'm not talking to
you till next week I swear on my life
I'm serious I'm not Dennis you know this
is our the fight Tiger now teaming up
with you the moocher you like to be like
okay don't do that
so who is the main chick you or Dennis
huh
why okay well you're not no I don't want
a new girlfriend I just want a side
chick yes are you sure you don't want
the big bottle scandalous that's all you
are that's what you are a big bottle of
scandalous sure yeah
I'm hyped she let me she let me buy this
for her
when did you die isn't that bossman
funny was so bad wait I still never
cancel my Victoria's Secret credit card
guys last year when I was shopping for
her for Christmas they tricked me the
workers here tricked me I had to open up
a Victoria's Secret credit card I
thought it was just a deal yeah I
thought of like a gift card so now I'm
Brandon Awad his owner of a Victoria's
Secret credit card huh how my cheater
she's not letting me buy the other
things only this one but I'll take one
is better than nothing
look guys happy birthday Brandon they
just got the sport wrong if they put a
basketball that would've been perfect
guys remember how before we came to the
mall I said that we were watching the
Knicks and calves and that later on we
wanted to watch the warriors and
clippers and I was like oh hopefully
they're gonna be good games I just
checked the score both games were
blowouts so good thing we didn't stay
home and watch those no bro it's sick
we're giving him a live house tour he
said when I got it he was so excited he
was more happy than me Thank You Bo you
want water or soda are you sure guys
look how many more Christmas lights my
dad still hasn't put up his dad is the
same exact way when I slept at his house
his dad was working in the backyard
denying help from everybody
that's how middle-eastern dads are they
like to work yeah they like to work and
they like to do everything on their own
no help I think it's just so they could
say oh yeah I did this myself babe what
are you eating we just ate okay keep
eating you deserve it guys we're trying
to get Bosley to me him but Bosley
snoring so loud as Dennis said that
seeing her house in real life after
seeing it in all the vlogs is like me
when I watch all the son's games when I
went to Phoenix and saw the court in
real life if you watch the house in the
blogs every day and then you see it for
the first time oh yeah this is when he's
in the deep death sleep Bosley you have
a guest
yeah this is not normal right oh you
woke what bodily it's fine it's fine
it's fine it's Jackie and that's a new
friend no I know bro fine look I know we
see him he's my friend
I love how Bosley tries to be a guard
dog is that what you are Basel you're a
guard dog wait look he's trying to scare
him here you want to go down Oh guys
this is actually good
Basel usually goes crazy when you see
someone new Liesel sleeping I know he's
in his sleep this is his dream it's okay
guys by the way I forgot to say this
Dennis lives in Phoenix Arizona but he's
actually from Chicago he lived in
Chicago his whole life so everyone out
there from Chicago shout out and he's a
Bulls fan too so all you Bulls fans
shout out okay so for everybody
wondering would you say Bosley's fatter
skinnier in person
his face is skinnier but everybody still
would you explain it to me we won't even
tell you why you wanted to the chicken
leg yeah exactly look here's the perfect
chicken leg right here guys he's saying
that everything pretty much in real life
looks bigger I want you guys for all you
fans that are watching you might never
be able to experience being in this
house I want you guys to see his point
of view I'm telling it's like when you
watch basketball
yeah you know when you actually go to
the game yeah there's more like crazy
that's right already I wish one day I
could bring all my subscribers to my
house you think you think we could fit
1.3 million people in here I don't know
maybe I hit 1.3 million subscribers
today so thank you so much for that very
thankful very appreciative of that I
didn't even notice and demand only some
people started tweeting to me isn't that
crazy
people were literally on the live
subscriber count waiting for me to hit
1.3 mil that's how much people care
about me I appreciate that so much
shout out to all the people who were
literally sitting in front of their
computer waiting for me to hit 1.3 mil
thank you I love you guys and for
everybody who wasn't doing that just for
everybody who's ever subscribed
everybody
ever watch my videos if it wasn't for
you guys obviously I would not be at 1.3
mil I wouldn't be where I'm at today so
thank you so much for that I appreciate
you guys and it's just the beginning
that I can't wait one day who knows
maybe 1.4 mil maybe 1.5 maybe 2 mil I
don't know bro if I ever hit by 10 point
stop stop if I thank you so much I'm
appreciative for what I have 1.3 mil
that's actually crazy and I can sit here
and say thank you all right over and
over again and it still won't explain
how thankful i actually am so thank you
I guess
the work you put in yoky thank you bro
cuz i think he thinks dennis is like Ron
or something because he was like
following him and letting him pay him
and everything look I swear bro what the
hell either he's still dreaming or he
thinks you're Ron maybe he thinks you're
Brian I don't know
wow what a guard dog imagine if you were
a fucking criminal or someone breaking
into the house he just fucking oh hey
was it no guys in all honesty about me
hitting 1.3 mil I keep saying thank you
and I feel like that's not enough so I
don't know what to say like I'm actually
speechless
all of you guys equally maybe one day
1.4 1.5 mil who knows but thank you i'ma
make it up for you guys with my content
I promise you guys better content more
improved content and harder work i'ma
put harder work into my videos what's
his name Dennis
she forgot it's DJ Khaled with the beard
names me and Baz they're really good
friends now yeah DJ hi Bosley it's time
to sleep in my room look he knows what
time it is
come here you're gonna go in my room
right you're not gonna try to run
downstairs let's go
no no no no no no in my room good boy
okay guys so as you see it is about
midnight it just hit midnight 12:01
actually and if you can't tell and the
editing program look that says 0 minutes
meaning I haven't even started yet
meaning I need to get to work because
because it takes me like four or five
hours to edit a single video
it's already midnight so that means I'm
going to be up till like 5:00 in the
morning and you might be saying well why
don't you just edit the video tomorrow
when you wake up well that's because I
promised Dennis that we would go play
basketball and not even about the
promise but I just love playing bass
spawn I haven't played in two days
that's why I have not played basketball
in two days and I really want to go play
so I don't have time to do when I wake
up I have to finish it tonight this
video is almost one hour before edit so
I need to get to work it's already
midnight I'm gonna be up to like I'd say
five or six in the morning editing this
video so enough chitchat I need to get
to work I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video I really hope you guys enjoy
meeting Dennis he's really really
awesome person for everything he's done
for me and this is the least I could do
for paying him back
I believe in if people do good for you
you got to do good back I believe in
good karma there's a lot a lot of bad in
this world there's a lot of bad people
there's a lot of idiots on this earth
but then there's a lot of good people
there's there's just a lot of
warm-hearted people a lot of people with
good hearts and good intentions and
Dennis is one of those people I could
tell from the day that I met him and I
believe in doing good for other good
people so I feel like it's the least I
could do for me to go out of my way and
do some things for him so the world
needs more people like Dennis the world
needs more people who do good out of the
kindness of their heart and do good for
other people without expecting anything
in return so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
imma be in for a really really long
night but I do this for you guys once
again thank you for 1.3 million
subscribers and first of all that's
crazy just saying at 1.3 million and I
can't wait to go play basketball
tomorrow that's how much I love
basketball I'd rather stay up til til
5:00 in the morning and get like two
hours of sleep and play basketball
instead of a get a full night's sleep
and now play basketball I love you
basketball this is where you are you
rest in my heart ball is life literally
and this is exactly why I'm the biggest
idiot on earth look 40 minutes later
it's 12:40 right now and I still haven't
started editing and instead what I was
doing I was just reading NBA articles of
the Phoenix Suns and watching a game
that I've already seen before I'm
literally the biggest procrastinator on
earth 40 minutes you know how much
editing I could have got done in 40
minutes but it said I'm reading NBA
articles that I already know what
they're all about and watching a game
I've already seen I am mister
procrastinate
I'm just I'm literally just finding
excuses to not start editing right now
you know how am I supposed to edit my
video with balls snoring like this
I'm sorry but that can now be normal for
a dog oh sorry
do your thing Bosley guys let me just
shut this down before anybody even
starts to comment it because because
this has happened before when I've hung
out with a fan
people are gonna comment bro he's just
using you for like a YouTube shout or
people are gonna think oh he's only
hanging out we'll need to get a Youtube
shout out first of all let's shut that
down because he doesn't even have a
YouTube channel and so other people are
gonna think oh he's just using you for a
shout out on like Twitter or social
media let me just add that Dennis
actually asked me not to put his social
medias I know believe it or not there's
actually good-hearted people in this
world who don't expect anything in
return he's just a friend and no he's
not use me for you to shout I didn't
have a chance there is actually nice
people in this world I know it's hard to
believe because we live in such a fucked
up world but that's the truth anyways
thank you guys so much for watching
tonight's Thursday it's gonna be a huge
game Chiefs and Raiders I know a lot of
people that watch my videos are Raider
fans I know a lot of people are Chiefs
fans I'm a Chargers fan so this game
doesn't matter to me our season's over
but it should be a really really good
game and a fun game to watch and lastly
i'ma say before I close this video out
maybe one day hopefully one day I can
get every single one of my subscribers
to visit my house all that was a huge
1.3 million person house party
