listen I always tell myself Brandon
don't explain yourself you do not need
to explain yourself no matter what
people comment on your videos your true
fans understand and then there's the
fake fans there's the haters people are
so people are such no I'm all myself
back but let me just explain one thing
so yesterday I posted the video about my
car explaining how somebody stole a
piece of my car and I kid you not 99% of
the comments bro nobody stole a piece of
your car that piece fell off you're so
ignorant for blaming somebody you're so
stupid for assuming somebody took it
bla bla bla the piece did not fall out
of my car I knew it my family knew it
just watch later on this vlog it's
confirmed the people at the dealership
said yes there's a cut there's a crack
somebody legitimately cut this piece out
of your car so for all those people call
me an idiot call me a dumbass calling me
ignorant for blaming somebody for taking
the piece out of my car when it just
fell off by itself despite this being a
brand-new car that I haven't even had
for a couple of weeks and I don't even
drive it every day but it was clicked
attached to the car for all you people
call me a dumbass an idiot call me
ignorant whatever thank you it was cut
somebody stole somebody got on their
hands and knees took the piece and stole
it there's a crack and a cut and the
people at the dealership confirmed it
they saw swatch later on they said
people do this to these kind of cars all
the time
they said it's pretty much their way of
saying fuck you so they take a piece
because that's an easy P it's just for
the tow hook so there's it's an easy
piece to take out of the car and they
try to sell it for some money SiC I'm
sorry I'm just gonna say follows no I'll
hold myself back for all those people
that were commenting cuz there are a lot
of these comments bro you can buy a tow
hook cover for like 50 bucks why are you
complaining you know you make enough
money off youtube to go buy one or oh
you had enough money to buy that car but
you're complaining about paying fifty
dollars for a tow hook cover it is not
about the money it's not about how much
does the tow hook cover cause it could
cost one penny two pennies to a thousand
dollars that's not my point
bro people are so you guys are calling
me ignorant you I'm speechless
if I have to explain myself it is not
about the money they were like oh you're
look it's just the total cover people
could have broke into your car it is not
about what they took or what they did
it's the fact I'm not I'm not I'm sorry
I'm not going to explain myself on that
topic if you don't understand that it's
not about how much I have to pay for the
tow hook cover it is not about what was
stolen it's just a simple fact that
people were saying oh this dude's
complaining about something that he
could easily replace for 50 bucks it's
not about the freaking money it is not
actually shout out shout out there are a
lot of people in comment section who
were saying bro it's not about the money
it's about someone came up to his prized
possession and stand tooks and damaged
it like even if someone came up to our
home and like ripped the grass that's
not expensive to fix if you rip a piece
of the grass but it still get the
homeowners mad like someone came onto
your property and ripped a piece too
quick whatever guys I told myself I
don't need to explain myself but these
type of common tarted piling up whether
it was bro nobody stole that piece from
your car it just fell off by itself
which someone clearly stole the piece
from my car there was a cut crack in
where it was taken and second bro it's
just 50 bucks you have enough money to
buy a new one it is not whatever I hope
you guys enjoy the rest of this vlog
it's actually pretty entertaining and
thank you guys so much for stopping by
and watching follow people that were
commenting that chill chill and for all
those people who understood what I was
talking about
thank you shout out to you guys I
appreciate you guys you guys are the
reason why I enjoy making these videos
so thank you so much for watching this
part I hope you enjoy the rest of this
vlog are you on to the white circle
one on one for later what can I eat both
of them now no surprise me with the last
one no cuz I don't know anyone you said
no chocolate I like blueberry but forget
that I told you that and just surprise
me
like it's so dry in the the face while
you're using probably dries out face
washer and moisturizer but if your
moisturizer has solicit acid then that
dries out your skin yeah wish I stopped
using it I don't worry I need to right
after I put my strike just don't put a
lot of moisturizer because Bosley let me
see your wee-wee it's out of the socket
but yeah Bryan just don't put a lot of
moisturizer because that happens after
you put moisturizer right yeah yeah I
don't put a lot just got a surprise
phone call from my girlfriend that she's
bullshit my thing is who did that she's
bringing me Donuts so now I get donuts
did you do you want anything else harder
bring you before should I get a donut
wait let me call her then okay bye guys
oh wait fine she's not answering this is
call number to an emergency order one
glazed one sprinkles for Brian and
Bosley wants something too
I'm just joking well he wants something
but he can't get any doughnuts Basel
you're so fat come on come on it's an
emergency
should we call 9-1-1 yeah you need your
doughnut mo to unis and donut to smoke
to unis won't show up to Houston yeah
guys he's I don't know where the fuck
he's hiding I told Ryan yesterday how OJ
Mayo got banned from the NBA forever and
Brian was in Shaw yeah he did Oh Bosley
Jackie's here get doughnuts from Jackie
because Jackie's here he actually
crossed from my girlfriend bother you
loved her more than me do you want to go
from the garage or do you want to go
from the door which one let's go from
the garage let's go okay don't pee on my
car I'm serious out
I just tried to slip on the shoes and
almost father don't pee on the lights
no look Bosley who's that over there in
the car
oh no balls I saw the neighbor you look
dead
Thank You Bosley come here he's about to
poop on the neighbor's yard right in
front of them Bosley okay is the
neighbors name Bosley he keeps looking
at me when I say from all three guys
Bosley has to be the worst dog on earth
spoiled fat does not listen to the
owners oh did you
yeah Brian would probably eat them I
don't know who the dog of the family is
Brian or balsa so just give Brian the
leftovers come here let's go inside
Jackie brought doughnuts for you
okay go pee on the fucking light do you
like his snoring from last night is he
gonna poop again I already took him out
to poop once he hasn't even ate today
and he's already gonna prove two times
okay fine he's gonna go potty she
doesn't let me say poop only potty
fine he's gonna go take a shit she
doesn't let me say it only potty
she says the other words are gross oh no
he's gonna pee on Papa rugs car oh never
mind he change his mind father go inside
pinche puto are you gonna confront him
for snoring that loud no don't get mad
at her father for snoring he can't
control it yeah you can yeah I saw your
snapchat that's messed up no yeah Brian
yeah yeah what's up we're gonna call
PETA yeah we're gonna call it a Lapita
peda pity yeah guys is this heaven
wait they look so ugly like that good oh
here look oh yeah fix it fix it well why
don't you fix my car if you could fix
that you can fix my car no donut us
mochi Yunus he's a player do you know
him shout out all things to my
girlfriend thanks babe no no tell him
what you do do they know
what do i do I just ask for kisses no
you give me wants of the day I know I
don't make it stop what because you kids
bossing will you know I don't hear huh I
won't kiss you know because I know what
you're doing
she has a theory that I don't kiss her
all day I don't get what kind of prove
it case hey what do you dream on green
yeah God's Bosley knows they're in a
fight what happened what happened cuz
what you did yesterday you know what you
did
father she's talking to you not me
Bosley it's over look Bosley literally
hates Jackie now he's just staring at
you come up oh now you listen because we
have donut on give me five no he eats
everything
look guys now he listens you want donut
with your dirty I booger crispy face
come up up buzzy up okay and give me
five give up he's gonna keep crying we
can't feed up come get Brian Peter
Griffin it's time for your food in like
ten minutes Brian's gonna put you food I
love you Kenny
well you got to see Timmy lucky way to
brighten up your day
yeah because is Jackie a cop look Donuts
coffee this early in the morning office
officer Jackie what time does your shift
start 1100 like you're in the break
you're in the break room are you gonna
arrest me yes
guys look at Bosley he's trying to
apologize to Jackie he's mesmerized by
the glades donut buzzy no I think he's
saying sorry or he's just doing love at
first sight with you I can't believe
they didn't flame in the fourth quarter
that's that's not fair to clay that well
I think they should have done is not
playing the whole fourth quarter but
Ally's flame in the beginning let him
get a few shots up if he starts missing
then take him out but if he's knocking
those first couple shots down leave him
in we're actually about to leave to the
dealership from my car
pretty soon I'm I just need to finish
editing this video
Jackie's finishing up her homework while
also watching her drama-filled shows
what it I swear I hate these shows guys
what do you mean okay love and hip-hop
okay loving hip-hop is an except
exception only cuts Fetty WAP is in it
so yeah guys I should have been actually
going to the gym after I finished this
video but if you guys didn't see
obviously what happened to my car so Jim
plans canceled for today there's gonna
be my first time not going to the gym in
like I don't know two weeks or three
weeks I've been going every single day
no Jim for me today I need to go to the
dealership as soon as I finish this
video I'm almost done I've been working
on it for a couple hours but it's almost
finished
jack is almost done with her homework
and then we're gonna go see what's up
with my car honestly it's probably a
good thing I'm not going to the gyms
shout out whoever did that to my car
because I have really really bad shin
splints all the people that watch my
videos who are runners whether that's
cross country soccer players football
basketball don't know and you guys have
had shin splints before you guys know
they're so bad so bad they're so
annoying too and I can't control myself
no matter how much pain I made I would
still be going to the gym fight I have
to go to dealership so shout out to you
who did that to my car because you're
you're stopping me from going to the gym
and that's that's literally a really
really bad problem that I possess no
matter how hurt I am no matter how sore
I am no matter how tired I am I always
have to go to the gym to play basketball
always
mother why're ya
no I think leave it for them to see it
what do you think of this did it know
stupid ignorant really good
exactly I'm saying you don't know how
hard people had to work you know how
proud they are what did he get out of
that's what I'm saying that's all I'm
saying
in my opinion they tried to get into the
car they tried to break in and when they
couldn't they were mad so they just did
something out of like in front of a
restaurant - in case you didn't watch my
video from yesterday me and Jackie were
out celebrating our one-year anniversary
it was actually mine and Jackie's
one-year anniversary dinner yesterday
we were celebrating and I took her out
to eat with me and my brother invited
the whole family cuz it was my cousin's
birthday at the same day so we were
celebrating mine and Jackie's
anniversary my cousin's 23rd birthday
and we come back out from the restaurant
and we see that I'm not sure what
somebody got out of doing that but they
literally just took a piece of my car
like there's no scratches it wasn't
another car backing into because there
weren't even any signs of people trying
to smash the windows or break in it was
literally just somebody I don't know
crazy do or somebody without a brain
without respect I don't know but they
just went down they're gone their hands
and knees I guess just took out I'm not
sure what they did so me and Jack are
about to head over to the dealer right
now and see what they have to say about
it because I was upset I mean I haven't
even had this car for one month and some
people are so heartless some people just
they don't think they don't have a brain
they don't have a heart you don't know
how hard somebody works for a car you
just you don't know the circumstances so
and I'm not even saying just because
this is an expensive car it could have
been this car it could have been some
shitty trash car it doesn't matter you
don't know how hard somebody had to work
or you don't know how much people
cherish their car because some people
were saying oh just cuz your car is nice
it's a big deal no man it doesn't matter
some people work really really hard for
a car it doesn't matter if it's
brand-new doesn't matter if it's thirty
years old a car is a car and you
shouldn't damage a car those are
expensive people work really hard for
they take pride in the car that they
drive in oh no man some people in this
world are just they're done there that's
all you could say so we're gonna go to
the dealership right now and see what
they have to say about this I don't know
guys it's just really sketchy it makes
absolutely no sense I'm curious as to
why somebody would try to do it you want
to help me figure out what
happened as I'm saying I wish it
happened at my house because at least we
have cameras here but it happened at the
restaurants restaurant they have any
cameras there in the parking lot I'm
just pissed because I park my car inside
my garage I don't leave it outside ever
I park it in my garage so that stuff
like this don't happen because I was
trying to avoid you know there's haters
out there there's people who just like I
said are heartless
they don't have hearts so I was trying
to avoid anything like this ever to
happen so I parked in my garage every
night I never leave it out I never leave
it exposed and the one time I park it
out a restaurant open this is what
happens read the vlog you're FanDuel
line up who draw edge okay wall Devin
Booker
Zoe Wellington what is this Wayne
Ellington yeah I know he's an injury
replacement oh my god Joe Jones I'm out
haha poor Zynga Krista I'm Serge Ibaka
mm-hmm and for the sole take mark if you
have enough money god she for Marcus
all's better but he's way more expensive
you wanted karl-anthony towns god she
forced me to let her make a FanDuel
lineup she only plays for free but this
is her first day doing her own FanDuel
lineup usually she copies off my lineup
but today she wanted to do her own pick
her own lineup that's not that you have
Gordon Hayward John Wall Goran Draghi
and she's about to get Marc Gasol I'm
proud she's playing for freedom could
you imagine she gets so mad and so hyped
she would probably do like a $10,000 bed
waste all of her money in on one FanDuel
game she was literally begging me the
whole time babe please teach me how to
play FanDuel please she's been begging
me for months
guys she copied my line up yesterday and
what did I get you second place out of
10 this hole here yeah guys so this is
the piece that someone took off so
George someone took a piece of my car
off right there in the front do you see
it so guys my dad has the same piece for
his cars so that's how it was connected
to it
right here and someone pretty much just
yanked it off it was last night when we
were eating and they don't have cameras
where it was parked so I know that it
will not yeah getting a piece of memory
exactly you know yeah piece of the car
I'm and then car I know I know
Papa rad yeah look guys we got the back
of my dad's car papa rug my daddy's as
real as it gets
okay guys so I noticed a lot of people
commenting on my video saying bro the
piece could have just fell off nobody
took it or nobody pulled it off Brian
was vlogging yesterday and in his vlog
he showed my car and in that part of the
vlog there was absolutely nothing wrong
with that part of my car it was in place
it was fully placed and it showed no
signs of it coming off or anything so
literally right before he went to
Benihana Brian flogged my car and there
was nothing wrong with it second guys
the piece like the wire it literally
looks like not just did it fall off it
looks like somebody yanked it off and
there's also like a crack it looked like
it wasn't coming off so they had to like
pull it really hard and it cracked
another part of it I get it trust me I
understand it looks like it could have
just fallen off but if you look closely
especially after what my dad showed me
there's no way could I just fell off if
it looked differently because I just
fell off but if you see it close-up
someone had to help hold it and they
were telling me like
George and Georgia was my neighbor and
my dad is up there telling me that
someone just stole it because they knew
was my car because oh they were telling
me that somebody stole it purposely like
a fan or a hater I'm not sure I don't
know if I believe that but you could
tell that this is my car
so maybe either a fan wanted a piece of
my car I guess shout out to you if you
didn't want that shout out for the fan
affords a hater then I don't know why
you would do that now a shout out to you
yeah that's what my family was telling
me they were telling me that they think
somebody took it because they knew was
my car I don't know we're just gonna go
to the dealership get it checked out and
then I also notice a lot of people on
the video are commenting saying WOW
Brandon you you were pretty calm if
somebody did that to my new car I would
be extremely pissed they were saying
that I took it lightly and I should have
been more mad but like I said in
yesterday's video I could have gone as
pissed off as I wanted I could have got
myself really really mad cuz I'm not
gonna lie I was upset who wouldn't be
upset but then I thought to myself
there's no point to be pissed because no
matter how pissed I get it's not gonna
make us go back in time and make the guy
not take the part out of my car no
matter how mad I get it's not going to
change the fact that my car is missing
apart and somebody took a part out of my
car so yes I was actually pretty calm
because I just told myself I was
starting to get pissed who wouldn't get
pissed seeing somebody doing that to
their car and not knowing who was of
course everybody would get pissed but I
told myself there's just no point it
still
I know Ryan even told me Brian told me
as I can
yeah Jackie and Brian were even more
pissed than me my dad was this my mom
was pissed but I just said hey I can't
do anything about it what I think
they're gonna say at the dealership the
piece that the person stole or broke or
pulled out of my car I'm not sure pull
out I don't believe in pulling out so
I'm not sure what they do with it but I
think they're just gonna order a new
part and then tell me to go back a
different day when the part ships in and
they're just gonna put it back I don't
think hopefully I'm crossing my fingers
I don't think it's going to be anything
too major but we'll see that's just my
prediction here we are I remember being
here just a couple weeks ago to buy the
car test driving it I went down this
street they cleaned it right here detail
luckily they have a spare part to put in
so they actually we got lucky they had a
spare part in here someone jerk yeah
this part was when we eat the lunch meat
that was employee someone jerked off a
piece last night just gonna yeah they
just took it out
you guys had a spare part luckily first
of all in your face to all you people
who comment on my last video people were
called legit calling me a fuckin idiot
they were calling me a dumbass they were
like do you realize that it just fell
off nobody stole it I told the workers
here I was like hey do you think
somebody actually took it I did it just
fall off they said no this is a clean
cut like somebody came up popped it out
and cut it they said it looked cut with
a what do you call it the tool whatever
you call it they said someone walked up
got on their hands and knees popped it
out and cut it and they said honestly
with this car they've heard it happens a
lot just because I don't want to say cuz
I don't want to sound cocky but they
said it themselves they said people are
just jealous and it's pretty much their
way of saying fuck you so they come and
they find that and they just fucking rip
it off so I told you guys someone took
it I knew it there was no weight just
fell off whether that was a hater or a
fan I'm not sure how that would be a fan
but or just a random person I'm not sure
but the worker said that's pretty much
when someone like has a nice car that's
pretty much the easiest way to say hey
fuck you
he had luckily one more spare part of
those missing shout out to BMW San Diego
they told me that they watch my videos
now so shout out shout out Mike
the salesperson who I bought this car
shout-out to everybody else working here
they watch my videos so I appreciate
that anyone who watches my videos all
you subscribers out there even if you're
not subscribed and you just watch and
you're waiting to know is he good enough
for me to subscribe oh I'll do my best
to prove to you guys that I am worth you
guys pressing that subscribe button but
I appreciate everybody watching my
videos so good thing we got this fixed
easily to the person who stole that
piece from my car it's always better to
be happy for someone instead of being
envious but anyways we need to get back
home before we catch traffic and I got a
son's game to watch later today so we're
gonna do that shoutout to Latrice guys
she's actually one of our most loyal
followers she follows me and Jackie on
Twitter we hit her with a follow back
she's actually really funny so shout out
to Latrice we appreciate your support
but ya guys know in all honesty I could
stay here I'll fuck you to the person
who took the peace out of my car but I
just want to say something really quick
if it was a fan or a hater whatever and
you're watching is part of my video to
have some respect like it's just not
cool people you don't know what somebody
had to go through and I'm not saying
that I work the hardest job in the world
or that I work 80 hours a week or
whatever not just myself you don't know
what other people go through to buy the
car of their dreams or to buy a car so
it's not cool obviously to walk up and
take apart you don't know what some
people are doing like for myself I was
out celebrating anniversary with Jackie
and celebrating my cousin's birthday so
it's not cool to to ruin someone's night
like that you never know somebody could
already be going through something tough
in life the last thing they need is for
their car to be messed up and come in
and spend money and buy a part so to the
person who did this I could sit here and
get all mad and cuss you out or whatever
but I'm just gonna say have a little bit
of a heart like have some respect you
never know how hard people have to work
to get their thing guys I'm sorry but
some people are legitimately stupid like
some people are ridiculously stupid and
it blows my mind for instance there's
some people commenting on my video
saying bro don't make this such a big
deal who cares someone just took a small
cap of your car first of all I guarantee
if someone just bought a car and got
anything of their car stolen or damaged
I guarantee you for those people
commenting why are you making it such a
big deal I guarantee you 100% that you
would be much more pissed I bet you
those are little ass kids who are
commenting oh it's not even that big of
a deal why are you getting upset over it
cuz I guarantee you any adult who just
bought a car or works hard to buy a car
and has it damaged I guarantee you that
they would be pissed too
they're like Bruce it's not a big deal
just buy the part off eBay you make
enough money it's not about that some
people are actually so dumb I've run
multiple comments this is why I don't
even read comments anymore I've read
multiple comments saying bro
you drive a $150,000 car and you're
complaining about a piece that cost like
20 bucks it is not about the money at
all even if the piece was free oh my god
it is not about the money I can't leave
I didn't see that coming because that's
just so stupid bro that piece isn't even
expensive don't you make enough money to
replace it that's not the point and I'm
not gonna take the time out of my day to
explain it so if you get it you get it
if not I honestly don't know what to
tell you okay god this is so bad look
we're literally moving like 4 miles per
hour 5 now look it's so backed up and
it's showing no signs of slowing down so
whoever took the piece out of my car and
made me go to a dealership today fuck
being how starving are you well Jackie's
always talking so let me say help him to
pull over and say like turned on his
lights and say I'm dying she's dying of
hunger and then get prepared to ruin my
night because of the sons game guys
every time there's a son's game I just
have to prepare to be depressed from the
second son's game starts tilt over like
those are my two and a half hours of
depression and I hate when there's an
early son's game because then my
depression starts early at least when
the son's game is late I can you know be
happy for the beginning of the day and
then get my depression when the son's
game starts because we just say
what's your name nice to meet you bro
thank you
shoutout he started waving at me through
it like there was window and I was like
wait what imagine he's the one that
stole the thing shoutout max hi can I
get one visa su-22 shrimp for comfort
okay mmmm I'm sorry can I just say this
again miso soup and then I want two of
the shrimp crunchy roll and then one
California roll and that's it so two
soups - love the shrimp allergy it's
going to be Jackie and then my phone
number is it and then can I please get
no ginger or wasabi on on the sushi
thank you so much why'd you get two
soups I said we could share why why do I
look like a pancake
that's Ashley yeah your skin color is
pancake with a little bit of butter cuz
a pancake is darker but your your the
Carla panting I'm really a creep it's so
no that's too light brian is a claim
Brian is a creep look you're a pancake
cuz your head is round but Brian's our
crepe because crepes are long on his
whole body's just like a stick like a
twig cuz he's so skinny I'm not one to
talk let's do as Jackie never lets me
share her food with her
I do you always take my stuff I hate
sharing my drinks Jackie will share her
life he'll share anything I want with
her but she will not share her food or
drinks with me I swear
no no I'll share the food even but not
to drink no you should feed me like one
bottle i buy most of the food first of
all first of all so you're calling me
the gold digger you are no but I'm
serious I hate when you take my drink
you're always taking well what what do
you want to shit what do I wanna share
my drink what we could share like a
Pepsi front I don't want to ok I'm not
sharing my life with you anymore
aka we're done yeah okay you wanna be
single watch okay guys so in case you
couldn't tell by the phone call we are
eating some sushi right now or in
actually like five minutes I don't know
if you could tell but there's a subway
right there
so you already know we had to get subway
cookies subway cookies are so good
of course you're already eating your
proof she doesn't know no no you're fake
you're fake proof that she doesn't let
me share her food with her no no she's
fake guys look at the house it actually
looks oh my god my dad is still working
on the lights guys my dad works so hard
every time around this year around
Christmastime he works so hard on the
lights
I feel bad I try to offer him help but
my dad is the type of people who he
wants to do everything on his own like
you can offer him as much help as you
want no matter what he wants to do
everything on his own there's a lot of
people like that he's very independent
but look he does all these and he's I
haven't done he has so much what look at
him he's plotting planning what to do
next as he works really hard every
Christmas time somehow they had one
extra part left of white color
like yeah they said someone just pulled
it they said someone pulled it off they
had extra parts now they had to order we
would have to wait a couple weeks tell
you for know they didn't charge us they
said some they could tell someone stole
it like they took it off but yeah that I
like the lights what more are you gonna
add guys my dad even if the whole house
breaks down and burns down in a fire
he wouldn't hire anybody to help him fix
it he would try to fix it all on his own
he hey Bosley don't bark at me yeah or
they said they try to sell it for money
time to feast simple basic California
well right here but this is my favorite
the shrimp tempura crunch well hey
they'd input the the tail this time is
Jackie a housewife I like your jacket
Jackie Jackie Jackie yes ma'am
what is ba bula I already wrote dad when
are we decorating the tree Bosley Bosley
Bosley mom I already recorded is what
bula actually this morning with this
vlog my gosh you saw dad they should've
let him play the fourth Bosley is
literally sexually attracted to my dad
know if you guys follow me on snapchat
you saw the other day that Bosley was
doing bad things to my dad Bosley late
rise to Hampton no you know the night he
was doing that to your leg I didn't let
him sleep in my room
I was scared guys the night he was
humping my dad's leg like balsa was
super horny that night I don't know why
and I didn't let ball to sleep in my
room because I was scared what he was
gonna do to me at night Bosley as nice
for
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay my
first one is out of five people I'm
Sachi and what about your own three
Emperor's make her own FanDuel lineups
and we're like halfway through the NBA
games and she's in first place in one of
her leagues and in second place in the
other leagues I should have let you play
for money you could have won us some
money
if I win hey guys Brian gets so pissed
because I play him in FanDuel every day
and I always be in time to share the
pussy why guys look guys look look look
oh he didn't do it look at the look he
gives my down I wanna treat why my
brother what are the first or one of the
two things that I told you that I loved
the most
um this nothing else get yourself a
girlfriend who works on your Christmas
tree by herself when nobody even asked
her to
haha what are you doing why where are my
gifts I have no gifts here's my gift I
know you did actually the chair I'm
wearing right now was a gift from Jackie
John Wall is going off he has almost 50
points
he's got 47 points this is for 48 right
here let's see if you get to 48 right
now it's crazy he needs some help in
Washington I swear
