yo so look at this so we got home Brian
did you see that shit we got home we
just we all went out to eat for mine and
Jackie's anniversary and for my cousin's
birthday look look at this someone
literally like took a piece or fucking
like stole a chunk from my cart look at
this so do you see that piece of the car
right there right there someone
literally decided it was cool or it was
funny
over at the restaurant I wish someone
did it here because we have a camera
right here so we would have seen it but
I guess someone at the restaurant
decided who was funny or cool or I don't
know what - fuckin literally like take a
piece of my car and that's it not
breaking not fucking smash the windows
or anything but just take a piece of my
car bro
what the fuck who is stupid enough to do
that I honestly don't know why you would
just take a part of my car like what
good does that do for you I'm not too
sure what good you got out of literally
just taking a piece of my car
supid yeah no I'm guessing that they
tried to break into the car and
obviously they couldn't get in so they
just fucking were being Petty and we're
pissed and they just took a piece of the
car yo that's not even fucking funny
like people are so stupid they had to
crack it to get it out so while me and
Jackie are out eating for a one-year
anniversary celebration that's what
happens when I'm out me and my brother
took my whole family out ten people all
of our cousins out to eat we paid for
everybody we took them out to be
ice take them out for a dinner and
that's what somebody decides to do that
whatever I'm not going to go into it
there's nothing I could do I could rant
about it for 30 minutes there's nothing
I could do whether I fucking cry about
it complain about it get mad about it
whatever happened happened whoever did
it did it there's nothing I could do
there is no point to get mad whatever
fucking person decided to do this did it
so there is no point for me to cry about
it but that's what someone decided to do
and I could complain all I want but it's
not going to change the fact that
someone literally cracked this part and
took a piece of my car this is fucking
ridiculous I came and parked my car to
go eat that's pretty fucked up I swear
some people just don't they don't have
hearts like what kind of idiot goes up
to a car I don't care if the cars brand
new I don't care if the cars 30 years
old I don't care if the car is one
thousand dollars or a hundred thousand
dollars what kind of idiot goes up to
somebody's car and just takes a fucking
chunk out like you don't know how hard
people work for that car you don't know
how much money people had to save up you
don't know how proud people are of
themselves for finally account like
accomplishing their dreams and
purchasing the car of their dreams and
you're just gonna go whatever like I
said I can't do I wanna act no matter
how mad I get no matter how upset I am
no matter how pissed off I get there's
nothing I could do so I'm going to
change the fact that somebody walked up
to my car or a group of people whatever
cracked the piece of my shit and then
took a chunk out of my car I just I
don't understand why you would do that
and it makes no sense I'm just gonna
take it to the dealership tomorrow I'll
keep you guys updated I apologize if
this is not the video that you guys
wanted to see trust me this is not the
video I wanted to upload either I did
not want to come back home from
anniversary dinner me and my brother
took my whole family out to see this but
there's nothing I could do about it so
I'm just gonna park my car inside I'm
gonna take it to the dealership tomorrow
and I guess see what they say but no I
was like about to get pissed and I'm
just like no matter how fucking pissed I
get we can't change the fact that
somebody did it look at this guys look
it's like someone literally it's like
someone literally
got on their knees and cut out like a
piece of my car and guys a lot of people
might say Oh someone probably just hit
and run like someone backed up into it
and then just left I know it wasn't hit
by a car there's no way a car backed up
into it because there is absolutely no
scratches and no marks around that spot
there's no scratches or marks anywhere
in this area it's literally just a
perfect square cut out that's it so like
it's not pushed in it's not bad it's
literally just taken out I wasn't gonna
go to sleep I don't know how that caught
my eye but I guess I'm gonna spend the
rest of my night trying to see if
there's any other parts of my car broken
or if there is any signs of someone
trying to break in it's just so stupid
because I park my car in my garage every
single night I don't leave it out of my
house I park it in my garage every
single night so that's stupid stuff like
this doesn't happen so that's some
dumbass idiot with no respect or manners
doesn't try to do something like that
and the one time I take it out to eat
and leave it out that's what happens
some people are just these have no
brains some people just don't think they
have no brains hi Bosley I'll come back
up and give you a massage that's crazy
that's so good like we'll do that I'm
telling you people just have no brains I
don't know guys but I looked at the rest
of my car and there is no scratches
there's no marks there's no signs of
anyone trying to even open the door and
trying to figure out why somebody would
do that I don't want to charge my car
tonight just in case whatever I don't
want to take that risk I don't know what
this was connected to I'm not sure what
this affects once again I apologize
because this was not the video I had
tend to upload today this was not the
video I wanted to upload for you guys
today but I mean what can you do
sometimes things happen to earn in your
control I didn't want this to happen to
my car I've only had it for a knive in
one month I haven't even had the car for
one month so we'll see tomorrow
hopefully it's nothing too serious and
hopefully they can get it fixed hi buddy
why you look so worried Bosley were you
the one who did that to my car and you
got caught oh no he likes the word ciear
Buzzle you want to go in the car
do you like to go on the car more or do
you like to go for a walk yeah you know
when we put the leash on you and we go
for a walk oh no oh no oh no the
monsters awake oh no he wants to wipe
his eyes oh no oh no oh no oh no it was
leo
you're so dirty you wanna get off the
couch okay Bosley let me take you down
guys he's so fat now came and get off
the couch myself oh my god I looked it
up today because Bosley honestly sleeps
so fucking much
he sleeps almost 20 hours a day and I
knew that was not healthy I knew there's
no way that could be normal so I looked
it up and it says that pug sleep an
average of 14 hours a day one for 14
Bosley sleeps like 40 hours a day and
there's only 24 hours in a day
aka Bosley sleeps literally all day and
more and that's not normal we need to
get balls and more active I try to play
with them all the time I try trust me he
just doesn't like to play what's up
buddy you need to lose some weight buddy
it's not good
look your stomach right here it
shouldn't be touching the floor when you
walk your stomach shouldn't be all the
way on the ground okay obviously I'm a
little pissed off I mean who wouldn't be
but I need to not let myself get too
pissed because like I said a million
times I could be as pissed as I want
it's not going to make the part go back
on my car or it's not gonna make that
idiot go back in time and not do it to
my car whatever no matter how mad I get
it's already happened you can't go back
in time and change it see what they say
at the dealership tomorrow and I'm gonna
just enjoy the rest of my anniversary
with my girlfriend no matter how mad
upset or pissed off that I get I can
always count on Bosley to make me happy
you guys won't believe I actually talked
to ball do I tell balls in my problems
he doesn't listen he literally doesn't
care for me but I still talk to him
that's literally who I've been to people
think it's funny people think it's crazy
but well there's something that I don't
want to tell anybody I don't want to
tell my parents or I don't want to tell
my girlfriend sorry babes something's
mm-hmm and I don't want to tell my
brother I literally tell Bosley and I
try to get him to listen but he doesn't
listen Bosley come here I have to talk
to you about on somebody did something
to my car coming come here Bosley
good boy hey big boy you want to send my
lap oh shit
paws they might actually be listening
today look at this guy's you want me to
take you for a walk
I like that head tool buddy you want me
to put the leash on you and and we'll go
in the car yeah and we'll go for a walk
careful your necks gonna break the end
will go in the car
okay fine now I really have to take you
for a walk guys but my legs are so done
I played so much basketball today
because Jackie slept in so I went to the
gym
I played I'd say like three or four
hours three or four hours of basketball
and I didn't really stretch before I
didn't warmup
so my legs are dead my legs aren't done
especially right here if you guys have
ever had shin splints oh my god those
are so bad I'm sure all you runners out
there all you cross-country runners
soccer players football players I'm sure
you guys have had shin splints they are
not fun and I think that's what I have
right now I've just been playing way too
much basketball every single day for
hours and hours and hours but yeah my
freakin shin splints are so bad speaking
of basketball my god I was eating so I
couldn't watch the game but don't worry
I heard about it I watch the highlights
klay Thompson 60 points listen guys 60
points the man was on fire today
Batman was all fired as if 60 points
wasn't impressive enough the fact that
he did it in 29 minutes the guy did it
in under 30 minutes of play that's
unreal that is amazing and a lot of
people are gonna look at oh wow he
scored 60 and that's impressive enough
but what people are gonna overlook is
the fact that he only played 29 fucking
minutes that's the craziest part that's
crazier than dropping 60 itself and
Steve Kerr I understand it was a blowout
I understand the Warriors have four
games and five nights coming up but
listen you should have let clay stay in
the game he should have let him play in
the fourth quarter also upset to read
that klay Thompson Dan even stepped foot
on the court in that fourth quarter
that's upsetting the man had 60 points
at the end of the third it's not crazy
to think he could
broke Kobe's 81-point record think about
it klay Thompson the same guy who scored
37 points in a corner just needed 22
more points to break that any one point
record and the Warriors didn't let him
see the floor in the fourth quarter
that's sad honestly I'm no head coach
I'm no expert in the NBA but if I was a
head coach I would let clay play I would
I would at least let him play the first
couple of minutes of the fourth quarter
just to see if he's still hot if he's
not hot anymore if he's cold and there's
no chance for him to break the record 81
then just take him out but if he's hot
and he's on pace to break the record let
him go I'm not gonna worry Fannin I was
pissed to read that he sat on the bench
all the fourth quarter anyways guys
those are my takes I'm a rest up imma
spend the rest of my night with my
girlfriend spend the rest of the night
with Bosley I'm probably gonna ice or
take a hot bath I'm not sure but my legs
are killing me I just been playing way
too much basketball I need to rest
tomorrow kinda I was one of the funniest
jokes I've ever said in my whole life we
all know I'm not gonna rest before I go
to the dealership I'm probably gonna
play some more basketball which is not a
good idea but that's what I'm gonna do
sucks will happen to my car I'm gonna
take it hopefully it's not that big of a
deal I hope you guys enjoyed this video
once again my last apology I didn't mean
this wasn't the video I had planned to
post for you guys nonetheless I still
appreciate you guys for watching and I
hope you guys have a good rest of your
day and a good night guys look this is
what I mean how I talk to Bosley and I
vent to him Bosley look he literally
turned away from me he turned his back
on me come on look at me Bob away I just
called him Bob no wonder he hates me
Bosley Boswell bobsled
hey listen today was mine and Jackie's
anniversary yeah you know Jackie yeah
she's downstairs she's about to come
upstairs but today was our anniversary
so I took her out to eat me and Brian
took the whole family Bosley that's rude
me and Brian took the whole family out
to eat and someone did that to my car
yeah can you believe that
I know Bosley I know and and I missed
the Warriors game you know klay Thompson
he dropped okay I guess that's him
pretty much telling me to shut the fuck
up no don't walk away from me guys I'm
telling you this is literally Oh Twin
Snakes I saw them in the camera view
thank God i'ma eat these all night
that's literally me venting to Bosley
ever since we brought Bosley home with
us three and a half years ago every time
I have a problem if I don't want to tell
anybody there's one person I can trust
and that's Bosley me and Bosley have
conversation well not really me and
Bosley because he doesn't fucking talk
back but I talked to ballsy all the time
I swear Bosley you really walked and
what on me when I was telling you my
problems look that face shows you how
much he cares fuck this was actually a
bummer I'd like this ruined my whole day
guys
these were my plans for the day so I
woke up made a video editing my video
uploaded it then I went to the gym with
my girlfriend I played some basketball
and then I came back I got a haircut I
actually got my haircut today I went to
my Barbara's home got a haircut and then
my parents actually let me and Jackie
have the house to ourselves my dad was
at work and my mom went out with her
sister with my auntie they went out and
so they let me and Jackie have the house
to ourselves for our anniversary so that
was nice of them and then we went out to
eat and then this happened so you know
on a side note really quick I know I
said I would end this video but I just
want to give a really quick shout out to
my girlfriend who made this anniversary
I just want to thank my girlfriend and
let you guys know I do appreciate her
she made today all about me it was it
was like you couldn't even tell the
difference whether today was our
anniversary or my birthday she made it
about me she let me go to the gym she
watched me play basketball for a couple
hours we watched basketball like we're
about to do right now she just she made
me feel super super special today even
though it was our day it wasn't my
birthday wasn't anything special for me
it was supposed to be for both of us and
obviously I made her feel special too
but shout out to my girlfriend she just
she always knows how to make me happy
she always knows what to do she knows
what to say
and so I couldn't thank her enough babe
I love you and thank you for making
today special for me even though it's
supposed to be special for the both of
us Bosley it's your favorite part of the
day ever since Brian moved out because
Bosley used to sleep in Brian's room for
those new subscribers I don't know this
used to actually be Brian's room he used
to sleep in here but he moved downstairs
so now Bosley sleeps in my room so first
what we do is we move the water in there
just in case he gets thirsty and Oh
well maybe I shouldn't be filming while
I move a bowl filled with water Bosley
fuck you this is your fault okay so
first you move the water my god look how
much I spill Bosley you already know you
need to go in my room
then you bring his Phoenix Suns logo bed
guys Bosley is so spoiled he literally
has a blanket in his bed come here
Bosley no wrong way
you gotta come in my room come here big
dog you bring this here and then you
make sure it's good so Bosley's comfy
ill I feel his fucking cum stains
he literally comes himself when he's
asleep I don't know why or how now I
have to wash my hands again I just brush
my teeth and wash my face now I have to
wash my hands again
yeah Bosley you're here for the night
this is all you okay look he's smelling
his cum Bosley you're so dirty then we
turn off the light and we say good night
Bosley
say good night good night Bosley guys
Bosley so spoiled he literally has a
blanket in his bed the bed is already
warm and then he gets a blanket on top
Bosley is only like 1 feet tall and he
has this huge bed then look at this as
if the carpet wasn't warm enough we put
Bosley a whole blanket for himself on
the floor so anyway he wants to sleep on
the floor as warm and then in case he
decides he wants to sleep on the couch
we put a blanket on the couch all for
Bosley Bosley has to be the most spoiled
dog on earth I swear who's mr. spoiled
you're mr. spoiled ok you know that say
good night to the vlog Bosley good night
no ok fine oh my God look at this juicy
chicken leg this drumstick look you guys
see it right there such a juicy
drumstick from KFC chicken leg Seahawks
are so hot right now they're getting hot
at the right time but not that injury
hurts that sucks for Earl Thomas look at
this ouch
Jackie fell asleep I know you're so away
can you please massage my shin splints
for me please Bosley don't fake sleep I
know you're awake all my athletes
what I'm talking about it's a killer I
swear that snoring cannot pawsley that
snoring cannot be normal from a fucking
dog that's so loud this is not normal
you're ready for bed
and look Bosley doesn't even wake up
we're eating we're talking and posi want
even wake up mm-hmm it's cuz he snores
louder when we talk cause he's pretty
much saying hello shut the fuck up I'm
trying to sleep
guys holy shitballs is going great how
are the shin splints feeling yeah
actually I think you need to talk to
fixies you are my doctor its Twin Snakes
hey where's mine all right hey no it's
all here pawsley
I'm serious I'm not with him tomorrow
morning no leave him I can't believe al
horford miss this game-winning lay about
the end houston one by one because
boston missed a game-winning way about
the end almost a triple-double
