what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Broadus and today's Monday December
5th and I promised no uploads today
because in case you guys didn't know
today's mine and Jackie's anniversary
first of all thank you so so much for
all the tweets in the Instagram comments
and everything thank you so much I wish
from the bottom of my heart I wish that
I could favour it and reply to every
single one of them but there's just so
many that if I were to do that I would
literally have to be glued to my phone
all day but thank you so much I see all
of them I just don't have time to reply
to all of them
Jackie sees all of them thank you so
much it's actually amazing how much you
guys support our relationship thank you
from the second I hit midnight and it
turned December 5th till right now we've
been flooded with tweets and Instagram
pictures Jackie actually last night the
first thing she told me when I hit
midnight she's like oh my gosh babe this
is so cute people are showing us so much
love so thank you guys so much for that
so yeah like I said today is mine and
Jackie's anniversary and I promised her
no upload I promised her she could have
all of me today for herself I was not
gonna upload today but she decides to be
a koala bear and sleeping in Jackie is
still asleep so I figured I'm awake it's
not time to go to the gym yet but I am
ready to go she's asleep
I still got time to make a video I
wasn't supposed to upload today so I
don't have any vlog footage or anything
but I am gonna speak in this video I'm
gonna talk so if you're not a fan of me
talking for the rest of the video I
suggest you shouldn't watch it but if
you are stay tuned for this video a lot
of people are going to be commenting bro
you're such a pussy you're such a little
girl no real men do this well you could
think that if you want that real men
don't talk about their girlfriend like
this and that makes you a pussy if you
talk about your girlfriend in front of
the whole world or if you show off your
girlfriend some people think that's that
makes you less of a man you could think
that if you want no I'm the complete
opposite way I love to talk about my
girlfriend I'd love to let everybody
know that she's beautiful and I have no
problem talking to the whole entire
world about my girlfriend in my opinion
actually that makes you more of a real
man I made you more of a man than trying
to hide her in anything so if you don't
like somebody talking about their
girlfriend or you think it makes them
less of a man I don't know what to tell
you but you probably shouldn't watch
this video so in honor of behind
Jackie's anniversary I just want to like
show you guys how much I appreciate or
much I cherish this this relation how
much I cherish my girlfriend how much
love I have for her and I feel like
words can't describe it my worth that
I'm gonna be speaking this video are in
no way shape or form able to describe
the love I have for my girlfriend but
I'm gonna try my best first I want to go
on and say babe Jackie I love you I love
you I'm in love with you you're my best
friend not just my girlfriend you're
also my best friend and I love
everything about you and I wouldn't
change anything about you if I had the
choice you guys I love you guys you guys
always comment well Jackie's such a good
girlfriend for Brandon and all you
people who watch my videos cuz like I
said you guys aren't my fans you guys
aren't just my subscribers you guys are
my friends so all my friends that watch
my videos aka all of you guys comment to
Jackie O thank you for being a good
girlfriend for my friend Brandon I love
that so much you guys see what she does
and everyone comments Wow Jackie is the
best girlfriend so thank you guys for
that but let me go on and say what you
guys see on camera is nothing like what
she does from me off camera on camera
you'll see her she gives me massages she
rubs my legs she brings me food she
surprised me from time to time like that
hotel that she got and you guys think
that's what makes her perfect there is
so much more that she does because the
camera isn't on 24 hours of the day you
guys only see like 30 minutes of our day
there's so much more that she does
throughout the day where I'm just like
how can this girl get any more perfect
than I already thought she was and here
let me rephrase that because in my
opinion nobody's perfect obviously
everybody has their flaws but how she is
the closest thing to perfect that I have
seen let me just give you some examples
of what happens off-camera that
sometimes you guys don't see of course
not today because she decided to be a
koala bear today and sleep all day but
the second she wakes up the second she
wakes up she showers and drives over
here she comes here first thing she does
is come here her reasoning I can't live
without you
right when she wakes up she wants to see
me right away so she comes here and
spends her morning with me I go to the
gym she's not really good she doesn't
really like to go to the gym she doesn't
really like to work out she goes to the
gym just because I like it and you know
what she does she finishes her workout
and then she comes in the basketball
court sit down and she cheers for me and
I'm just like babe it's just a pickup
game it's not a league game it's so
embarrassing but I love it she literally
cheers for me at the gym and she watches
me all the way Tom Dunn
and then we leave together we then
shower sometimes together sometimes by
herself but most likely together but we
shower she then spends the rest of her
day with me throughout that day you know
what she does I'm editing I'm editing my
video because you guys know I spent a
lot of my time editing my videos she is
while I'm editing my video she's
massaging my neck she's constantly
asking me babe do you want food half the
time I say no and she goes and buys me
food and brings it for me at my desk
while I'm editing I'm just like you
didn't have to but thank you you know
what she asked me this the funniest
thing she asked me oh babe do you need
help editing listen I love my girlfriend
but she doesn't know anything about
editing she can't and she that she has
never done any of this but she still
asked like just to ask and then every
single night you know what she does she
massages me all the wait I go to sleep
until I fall asleep and then she stops
the massage and I'm just like I don't
know so there's dance okay I just I
don't know what to say I'm when people
ask me about my girlfriend some people
say this has a joke oh I'm speechless
I'm literally speechless I'm sure
there's multiple times in this video
where I'm gonna have to cut just because
I'm like like I don't know what to say
you could look at the materialistic
things like oh she bought your hotel she
always buys you food those are
materialistic things but then I look at
because a lot of people can be
materialistic if you have some money
saved up or if you work anybody can be
materialistic but then you look at the
other side of it she shows me and this
is so important and I never knew this
until I made her my girlfriend she
showed me unconditional love
unconditional support unconditional
appreciation every single day non-stop
were human we like that we need to be
told that every single day at least 20
times I hear the word babe I love you
every single day multiple times I hear
this from her babe thank you for making
me happy I appreciate what you do for me
every single day out here babe you know
do you need help with this do you want
me to clean your room do you want me to
bring you food do you want me to help
you Eddie it's such a filling feeling
for my body knowing that you have
somebody who cares for you 24/7 like no
matter what I need and I'm not talking
materialistic once again just if I just
need somebody to talk to
if
I need something to make me feel better
she's there like she's there for me 24/7
she literally just makes me feel like
I'm on top of the world she makes me
feel like I'm a king she makes me feel
like she just makes me feel so good
about myself and that's exactly why she
is not only my girlfriend I'll save us a
million times she is my best friend and
my girlfriend it's just crazy how the
reason I wanted to hang out with her at
first is because oh this girl's Hall
like I could I'll just hang out with her
I had no idea who she was
personality-wise what type of person she
was hit we didn't know each other
personally we didn't know what our
personalities were like we didn't know
anything about ourselves
other than looks so I saw like she's a
hot girl I want to hang out there so the
fact that the looks are already there in
my opinion Jackie I don't care what you
guys said you guys can take your
Victoria's Secret model you guys can
take your oh look at this European model
with the sexy body you guys can take
them in my opinion Jackie is the most
beautiful girl in the whole entire world
I would take Jackie's face body anything
over anyone else in the whole entire
world you could call it puppy love you
could call I don't care what you call it
so the fact that I already think that
she's the hottest girl in the world the
most beautiful gorgeous girl in the
world and then you factor in her
personality and who she is as a person
like that just adds up anybody can just
be hot anybody can have looks and then
you could have a shitty personality but
the fact that I fell in love with
somebody who has the looks that's that's
personal opinion some people could think
she's ugly some people think she's hot
some people think she's nothing but in
my opinion which is all that matters
because I'm the one that's dating her I
think she is beautiful the fact that on
top of being beautiful you have a very
very nice personality smart hard-working
she'll working two jobs the whole time
we were dating until now she only works
one job because it's better pay so she
still works such a camper I'm so lucky
every day I wake up I don't know to
thank God I don't know today who would
you thank for putting me in this
position because I have a lot of friends
who are in relationships and I know
their girlfriends and I don't I don't
like to say that Jackie is better
because everybody is good in their own
way everybody's perfect in their own
ways but I look and I'm just like it
just makes me appreciate Jackie even
more because I have a lot of friends who
have been screwed over by their
girlfriends or a lot of girl friends
I've been screwed over by their
boyfriend and I'm just like I'm so lucky
like I just got so lucky to be put in a
position where I fell in love with not
only my friend but Jackie is my best
friend I'm telling you guys from the
first day we ever went on we told a
story on it yesterday no we didn't go to
the beach no we didn't go to the movies
no we didn't go to a restaurant we sat
together in my car in a closed car for
seven hours just talking and we both
agreed that that was one of the best
times of our life we didn't have to do
anything from that moment on I told my
mom right away all like mom I know I
don't usually tell you when I hang out
with girls but I just hung out with her
and like look at her I was showing her
pictures I was talking about her this
was after the first date and she told me
she did the same thing she listened I
said this yesterday I wasn't one to
believe love at first sight
last year I didn't believe in love at
first sight but after me and Jackie let
me just say that was love at first sight
and I can't deny it I'm not trying to
make you guys believe in love at first
sight because some people have very
different opinions on it but I tell you
what I didn't believe in it either until
that day until our first date and I fell
in love I fell in love I never knew
there could be a girl who you could like
be so attracted to sexually and and
still make her your best friend where
you can hang out there for days and
dating days a na guitar ever now after
the first time we hung out I just felt
this feeling and I'm just like well yeah
it is just like a hot girl and it went
really well so it's just a feeling of
like oh wow I just don't know all the
really hot girl no now one year later I
know we both know that that feeling was
love we felt love literally at first
sight that was our first time ever
hanging out and we fell in love with
each other look there's a lot of people
commenting because I mentioned that in
my last video loved that first side
there are a lot of people commenting oh
it's not love at first sight this is
just your first girlfriend you don't
know blah blah blah no it's not this is
that's one of the most commonly mistaken
trans I guess on my channel Jackie is
not my first she is not and I know
that's personal but i'ma just get it out
the way that's how I know it's love at
first sight because I've had other ones
and it did not feel like this I've had
other I don't want to say girlfriends
but I've hung out with other girls and
with plans to make them my girlfriend
that shit it just did not work out and a
lot of it came from my end I just wasn't
feeling it so for me to hang out with
Jackie from the first time and feel
something different I thought it was
just something different but it turns
out it was love and I've had other girls
you could tell which ones are just there
to just like just to be there and then
you could tell which ones are something
with and that's the most when people are
like yeah you're only dis in love with
Jackie because it's your first no it's
not and that's how I know this is real
love so thank you for saying that
because you're just proving to me more
that it's real love because I've had
others and none of them were the same as
this and look wait let me just point
this out before continuing with this
video people are so stupid like I see
people comment saying yo bruh wadis I
love you but you are so obsessed with
Jackie oh why are you so obsessed with
her it's weird or why she's so obsessed
with you that's crazy
bro this is my girlfriend I am her
boyfriend we are supposed to be obsessed
with each other for those people who
think that being obsessed with your
significant other is weird let me just
say that's probably going to be a reason
why you are single or you're going to be
single for a really long time it is not
eight but like what like I just don't
get it when people are like bro you're
obsessed with her that's weird
good I'm supposed to be obsessed with
her she is supposed to be obsessed with
me we are in love with each other that's
just crazy I don't know
and for all you people who watch this
video thinking while this dude's such a
pussy this dude's such a girl he's
showing his girlfriend off to the world
that's what the girl is supposed to do I
don't care I'm a gentleman I'll talk
about my girl all I want and in my
opinion talking about my girls everybody
that makes me more of a man than trying
to hide her so if you were watching this
video thinking well he calls himself a
man men don't do this go ahead you could
think that but I'll gladly disagree I
think that real men come out and show
off their girl I think that real men
come out and aren't afraid to tell
people they're in a relationship
you know me and Jackie from the first
day we hung out all the way to now so
from a year and a couple months ago a
year in almost four or five months all
the way till today December 5th 2016 we
have only gone 5 days without seeing
each other
5 days from the first day we ever hung
out we hung out again
next day the day after that the day
after that the day after that day after
that
that's unusual usually when people hang
out for the first time they'll wait a
couple of days or they'll wait a week
before they hang out again we just kept
going with it and I'm so thankful for a
girl like her to be put into my life a
hard-worker cute beautiful gorgeous with
such a nice personality one last time
shout out to all you people I don't
forget and I know you guys don't forget
there were so many people when me and
Jackie first started talking and dating
and I was really really happy Jackie was
happy I was happy like you could just
tell when we would hang out we would
have like a glow in our face like we
were in love and you know there's always
those people coming up to me or coming
up to Jackie hey you know she's not the
right one for you your relationship
isn't gonna last you know I heard this
and that I'm just like like you're
supposed to be my friend but when you
see me happy you're gonna try to tell me
something to downplay it and look at
this over a year later me and Jackie are
still together
we're still smiling we're still happy
we're still healthy and no offense cuz I
don't want to be mean but those people
all the guys are still single and let me
just say they were in relationships when
they were telling you that but they're
single now karma is a bitch because some
of them have been cheated on so karma is
real and those girls who were telling me
that Jackie's not the right one for me
they have been ran through by multiple
guys and they're still single karma is
real be careful who you open your mouth
to because me and Jackie are still
living we're still happy and all those
people just worry about yourself before
you worry about someone else maybe but
don't worry you guys shout out all you
people who send me and Jackie weren't
gonna make it I'll send you an
invitation to the wedding so you could
come through to the wedding if you want
actually all my subscribers can come to
the wedding that I promised that so long
I think I promised that when I only had
like a hundred thousand subs I said all
my subs can come to my wedding and you
know what I'm sticking through with it
whenever we get married whether that's
next year ten more years five more years
whatever no matter how many subs I may
have at that time who knows you guys are
all invited to the wedding
so remember that all my subscribers
especially all my day ones come through
to the wedding I'll send you an
invitation when we get married I
promised that when I had no idea I was
gonna hit one the I know I do I was
every we're gonna hit 200 thousand subs
on YouTube I promised you and my promise
doesn't change so you guys can come
through to the wedding I'll see you guys
there okay one last thing I want to say
cuz I can go on and on and on but like I
said I don't think I can put into words
everything that Jackie does for me by
the way she comes from a beautiful
family her mom I love her mom I love her
sister I love her brother even her mom's
boyfriend we we've hung out multiple
times and just talked about sports and
everything so she was raised by a really
really really good family and I
appreciate that about her I love I feel
like that's a really important part
about when you date somebody so the last
thing I want to say is what you might
see on camera a lot of people comment a
lot of people tweet oh you guys are so
perfect you know I wish I have something
like that listen we're not perfect I
swear to you you guys don't see it on
camera but me and Jackie fight we argue
not as much anymore because we're
obviously in this relationship in the
long run but we use all of you all the
time just because we are a youtube
couple does not mean anything we're
still human we fight we argue their same
problems that other relationships have I
guarantee you we have the same ones and
so when people say oh you guys are so
perfect I appreciate that but no we're
not so if you guys are having problems
in your own relationship or you guys are
under relationship and it doesn't look
like what ours look like on camera don't
worry about it I guarantee you we have
had the same problem the only difference
is we didn't quit we didn't give up we
just fought through it yeah we would
argue yeah we would fight and that would
maybe last I'm telling you one or two
hours and then that same night or that
same day we would just call each other
be like this is fucking ridiculous like
we love each other we're not only dating
but we're best friends we have plans to
marry each other like our families love
each other this ridiculous let's just
talk it out there were so many times
where in this relationship something
happened and I could have left I could
have been like fuck this and left or she
could have been like I've done some
things too obviously not cheating there
isn't there's no cheating involved in
this relationship when I say things that
happen like problems I'm not talking
about cheating because no that's we
don't even wanna get into that that's
the worst of the worst if no cheating
okay for anybody watching this video
that's the worst thing you could do to
somebody physically and emotionally no
cheating but I'm talking other problems
other arguments there could have been
multiple times where we just left this
relationship but with
with it we stuck with him look what
happened we're happy none of us gave up
and we're in a really really good place
my mom loves Jackie my dad loves Jackie
her parents love me we're just happy
that's all that matters that is all that
matters one of our biggest arguments and
this is why I applaud Jackie so so much
one of our biggest arguments came
because when we first started dating I
was not a youtuber me and Jackie first
started talking first hangout I was not
at youtuber I had zero YouTube videos I
was not a vlogger I had no pranks no
nothing so when I started doing this she
didn't really want to be on camera cuz
she's always been more of like a like a
private person I guess like not really
showing everything about her life so we
got in a little not an argument but I
kind of had to speak with her like hey
so it took her months it took months we
have been dating since like September or
August and she wasn't in my first vlog
till December think about that and so
the comments start piling up you know
the hate comments I'm sure you guys see
them and I'm a guy so whatever I'll take
the hey I really don't care but she's a
girl and it gets to her so we got in a
talk once where she's like I was never
one to be in front of a camera in the
first place and now with all this hate
like I don't want to be in front of the
camera and I I just sold out I was like
I'm sorry but like this is my job so
I'll try not to put you in the camera
but we hang out so much and I do daily
vlogs so what am I supposed to do just
cut you out of the camera we talked
about it and that was that was a a
pretty big problem in our relationship
vlogging and but like I said I don't
care about the hey but Jackie she used
to let it get to her and now with you
Jackie now look at her sometimes she
vlogs on her own sometimes she takes
over my vlog she loves being on the
camera now she loves you guys the hate -
Jackie now she literally looks at it and
lasts we laugh at the hate together and
let me tell you I applaud her so much
for that because that's not easy for a
girl and compared to what she was like
last year that is so different she grew
so much she grew out of that so much she
used to literally hide from the camera
she didn't want to be in the vlog now
it's amazing to see how somebody can
grow out of me I don't want to say a
fear but out of something that you don't
like so much I'm telling you she used to
let the hey get to her and now she just
looks at it and she goes out look what
someone said about me it's so funny like
I said that's why I think it's
ridiculous absol
ridiculous when people call Jackie a
gold-digger because first of all if
we're being honest she probably spends
more money and I hate that she does it
but she probably spends more money on me
than I spend on her she's constantly
buying me food constantly surprising me
with stuff and I offered to pay her back
on my baby take the money like I hate
when people spend money on me like I
said before people work hard for their
money you're not just giving money
people have to work for their money so I
hate when people spend on me I feel like
you work hard for that money and you
keep it and it's just ridiculous when
people call Jackie a gold digger because
she was with me before I started YouTube
which is why I think this relationship
is so amazing because she's been with me
from zero subscribers all the way till
now almost at one point three million
she's been with me through this whole
crazy journey she's watching me mature
she's watching me grow she supported me
through it all she's been there for me
when I was at the bottom so for those
people who think she came in when I had
like 1 million subs or when I bought the
ia or whatever false she was with me
before I started a YouTube channel when
I had zero subs like I said thank you so
so much for all your anniversary wishes
I'm so amazed and Jackie too it puts
such a smile on Jackie's face that so
many people support our relationship
thank you so much for that I wish I
could reply to all of them but I just
can't I read all of them though don't
worry thank you so much for watching the
video like I said me and Jackie as much
as it looks like it on camera we're not
perfect
we've been through it all just because
we're a youtube couple were still human
we are human beings so don't think we
haven't been through what a normal
relationship goes to we are human too
the camera turns off for a really long
time throughout the day the camera is
only on for about 30 minutes to an hour
a day we live real lives don't compare
your relationship to what you see from
us um if you have problems with it every
relationship argues there is no way
around it you can't date someone for a
year and years and just expect to have
it be perfect so just stick through if
you really want to be with somebody I'm
gonna close this video out by saying
babe I love you I'm absolutely amazed
and in shock at everything that you have
become everything that you are because I
didn't know that that existed and thank
you so much for not only being my
girlfriend my future wife but also my
best friend I think that's the most
important part that we could just hang
out and laugh and be funny and we could
at the same time you know we could go
from you know being
friends and laughing and telling stories
too you know okay let's get this going
real quick so I appreciate that no but
really I love you thank you so much for
being an amazing person and just as
you've been with me from when I had zero
subscribers and watch me grow throughout
my journey of being a youtuber I hope to
one day see you grow to do whatever you
want to do she actually wants to be a
lawyer for her country back home in El
Salvador we need that attention we need
that love from somebody and I'm gonna
used to think that you know I used it
before Jackie I used to do everything on
my own you know even if I had a girl it
wouldn't be a girlfriend like I don't
want to get too personal but like you
have girls and I would just be like I do
everything on my own like if I want to
be happy I'll make myself happy found a
laugh I'll make myself laugh if I want
to go somewhere I'll go by myself and
I'll make the most of it no I was so
wrong I was so wrong and I'm sure
there's some people who think like that
nah man we're human we need that love
and attention and affection and I just I
didn't know that until Jackie came into
my life I used to think I could do every
I could make myself feel good I said I
could do everything on my own I don't
need a girlfriend I don't need somebody
to tell me oh I love you I don't need
somebody to do stuff for me like bring
me food or my bed I was very independent
and no man we're human we all need that
attention from somebody and Jackie does
a hell of a job giving me the attention
she spoiled me she spoiled me to death
and honestly I just felt like getting
all this off my chest I wanted to make
this video to show how much I appreciate
my girlfriend and how much I don't take
this for granted I know I'm lucky I've
seen others and I know I'm very very
lucky so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and thank you so much for watching
and to top it all Huff to make things
even better she's a freaking bag she's a
freak too so to top it all off and no
trust me that part's good that honestly
might be the best part for being honest
so you know that brought into her song
when he goes she a freak and a friend
too I want to say that I can relate to
that a freak and a friend now it is time
for me to go to the gym go play some
basketball and after that I'm gonna give
my whole day my full attention
everything of me to Jackie it's our day
it's our anniversary I wasn't supposed
to upload today but she's
sleep I'm by the way corrupt to go to
the gym look she told me she wanted to
go today I can never ever find the right
word just there's no way this is real
life there's no telling you're the right
girl so I can only say that it feels
I'm saying that it feels right
