we've got a story to tell but due to our
addiction to brushing our teeth we just
say breakfast so we have to brush our
teeth before we tell this story we brush
our teeth like five times a day no but
listen also v8 eggs
that's what I'm saying yeah imagine
sitting next to each other telling a
story after eating eggs yeah I need to
go brush my teeth right now do my intro
no no no you do I can't I try to do it
yesterday all my brothers naturally
gonna do it no no no never so nervous
okay what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka bro what is okay what is going
on no no no talk with a happy boys just
cuz I have a depressive boy doesn't mean
you have to teeth brushed
everything good we're ready to make this
video right now so today's video we are
actually going to be telling you guys a
story that a lot of people have been
asking to hear our first date if you
can't tell still it was it exactly the
best first day for all you guys out
there watching this if you're looking at
some a lot of people on asking for this
video so we're gonna give it to you guys
first of all today Sunday so hope
everybody's having a really good Sunday
my chargers are about to play in a
couple hours so I'm excited to watch
that even though season is pretty much
over my Phoenix Suns got killed last
night but it's all good because we're
playing the warrior so I wasn't
expecting anything different
without further ado do you have anything
to say no yes no I'm just excited to
tell this story because I feel like
we've been asked this for so long and we
just never have maybe like from my vlogs
you've heard bits and pieces of this
story you've heard little parts of it
but today you're gonna hear the whole
thing and we're not going to talk about
how we met because that could be a whole
other story video in the other part so
at this point just know that me and
Jackie had not exactly met before but we
had crossed paths like we knew who each
other were we had never hung out we
hadn't really like we just knew each
other on a high by base we had never
talked had a conversation you know
nothing we just knew of each other
that's it
so there came a point in time a year and
a couple months ago where like I said
I'm talk about how we met how this got
set up but just know that we plan to
hang out one
okay we plan to hang out and we had no
we just planned to hang out there were
no specific plans like oh do you want to
go eat do you want to go to the movies
do you want to go to the beach do you
want to there were no specific plans all
it was oh we're gonna hang out I still
remember this day I remember the day and
everything and I remember my parents
were home and it was after school I had
my final college class and I had to meet
with my group of friends we were working
on a project and I left early so I came
home and I changed I know guys I didn't
wear basketball shorts and a white tee I
actually would evacuate some khakis I
was actually dressed not as a black
shirt black earrings and so I remember I
saw my parents and they're like oh where
are you going and I lied to them I said
oh I'm going back to school to work on
the project and they're like I acted
like yeah I forgot my USB so I can go
back and work on the project because
let's just say me and Jackie hung out
that day and eventually this
relationship didn't work out I didn't
want to tell my mom and dad oh yeah I'm
gonna go hang out with this girl because
if you guys know Middle Eastern parents
one stay here you're gonna go hang out
with a girl oh my god who is she bring
her over let me meet her what's your
name oh you guys gonna get married oh my
gosh so I decided let me just not say
until we hang out a couple more times so
I came back home got a USB cord and I
was on my way back to school to finish
my project not really that's what my
parents thought and so you know I texted
Jackie and I was like hey are you ready
and she's like yeah and I'm like do you
want me to come pick you up or like do
you want to drive to me I know how
stupid of me to ask cuz I'm a gentleman
so I should I should've just picked you
up but I was so nervous my first mint
file of the day and I knew you were
gonna say for me to come get you that
was pretty much my way of asking hey
where do you live without being creepy
but god I was so nervous I was so so
nervous like I said we had never hung
out whatever so I was so nervous and she
said oh you can come pick me up here's
my address
cuz first of all we're not lucky you
already you know asking me if you want
me to thank you when I got in my car I
literally have to stay in there just for
like at least five minutes just thinking
okay like you're about to go go pick her
up you know looking at myself in the
mirror like you know checking for
boogers doing the oil wife fixing my
hair even though I'm in here
and I was just so nervous so I started
driving to her house I'm telling you my
palms are literally like sweaty so many
times I was so tempted to just make a
u-turn and texture saying hey so I
actually couldn't make it today but I
just kept pushing myself I kept going I
finally get to her house and I text her
first of all little did I know my cousin
fucking lives literally here's her house
here's my cousin he literally lives
right across the street so I go hey
what's up could have seen me yeah a long
time so I had been to my cousin's house
a million times not knowing that the
girl I was eventually going to be dating
and in love with and possibly get
married to was living right across the
street I'd had no idea when she text me
the address I was like oh this kind of
sounds familiar but I didn't know where
what it was and so you know I text I was
like hey you know I'm here this is one
obviously I didn't call her babe it
sounds so weird hey Jackie I'm here
subjects ed okay Brandon so Jackie so
God let me just tell you I couldn't make
this part sure I'd be like so she came
out of her house but now let me tell her
I remember I literally saw the doorknob
turn like I saw the doorknob door turn I
was going to fucking floor my gas and
drive away that's how nervous I was like
right when I saw her step out I was like
fuck this I'm out of Drive awake but I
stayed I kept calling so she came out
and at that point I was like Hello
super oh and I was just like oh like I
was mesmerized cuz she looked so hot and
I was like oh shit like I'm not even
really about hangout they're like okay
so you know we go in my car and the
whole time I'm just like I'm not even
thinking about where I'm driving cuz I'm
trying to think like I'm supposed to be
a guy I'm a gentleman I'm supposed to
already have this date planned out and
just surprise her and take her somewhere
I literally had nothing planned so like
I just started driving and so Fetty WAP
deluxe is playing on my car and she I
don't want exactly I'm like oh yeah
those are like oh yes I don't want to
say that was the first thing she told me
but one of the first thing she ever told
me is what the fuck are you listening to
and I'm just like yikes like I am
dealing with a spicy latina here
and why were you so nervous like because
you are so fucking hot
well you still are but even before that
I didn't know who you were Michael
Campbell bottling all this hog girl and
like I had followed you on Twitter she
had fallen me on Twitter so I out see
the way she would talk I'm like this
girl has a spicy attitude so don't fuck
up right here so I was just so nervous
and well you already know fairy Wafaa
and I tweeted 54 so I know he knew I
would never not like him I know she had
talked shit about Fetty WAPs music
before but I was just so nervous not on
where to drive I was blasting Freddie
well she literally said what the fuck
are you listening to and I was like oh
shit that's when I found out that she
was waiting more yeah very feisty and
she was way more into music than I was
like let's be honest I like Freddie
waltz music but the best out there in
the game then I let her play her phone
she start playing some oh no Bryson
tiller and all his shit up this order
before rice until there was like huge
yeah so we're driving and like you know
what whatever so I go to Jamba Juice and
I'm like ok this is a good start let's
go to Jamba Juice we get down I open the
door for her you know I paid for her
drink and I'm like ok this is a good
very see ya and I'm like it's not is ok
he's not used to this man gold digger
status holy ok you know I was going all
good and everything we were talking no
awkward moment surprisingly for people
who had never hung out before and our
first time hanging out this is nothing
awkward so far and I'm like ok this is
cool so we get the Jamba Juice and I'm
like okay it's going smooth so far after
that moment let's just say that was
around what 3 4 p.m. stuff lean to
around 3 p.m.
let's just say she went back home at
what time like 10 o'clock like 10:30 she
went back home ok so we got the Jamba
Juice at 3:00 she went back home around
10:00 or 11:00 p.m. so you might be
wondering wow so much time what did you
do did you fucking go to the movie did
you and Reese was right there available
did you take a trip to like a whole
other country with that much time let me
tell you what we did imagine we're in my
car right now ok and I'm living
driver's seat she's in the passenger
seat seven hours later same spot we sat
in my car for seven fucking excuse my
language but we sat in my car for seven
hours okay
seven hours but now so so this is where
everyone steps in it's like wow what a
first date Brandon you know that's so
bad on your part but now let's tell them
how much fun we had no it was so I
honestly like I will never ever would
never think in my whole entire life that
we would be in our first date and have
so much fun literally sitting in the car
other than you out we didn't even step
out to go pee or anything no no we're
gas station one we drove to the gas
station just to go pee and then drove
back that spot would like the secret
spot yeah and guys I'm telling you no
awkward moments not full no silence full
of laughs full conversation and no thank
you
play future no I have to say bless you
yeah I wouldn't trade that first date
for anything like you could say while
you sat in a car for that long why don't
you take her here and there in here time
went by so fast like I noticed you yeah
yeah until I think my mom called her
yeah anyways sure she was like what the
fuck you doing at school this long so I
drove her back home and we texted each
other after were like wait did we really
just stayed in the car fine no we had
okay fine now let's tell them we did do
one thing in the car not what you guys
think that mean yeah no hold on oh oh
look this is how I knew she was the one
that's how I knew you were ho how is
your about to complain oh this is how I
knew she was the one this is how I knew
she wasn't trashy she wasn't dirty or
anything we sat in the car for seven
hours she didn't even put out I was like
what the fuck no I'm just joking I
wasn't mad but Hamid is four dollars
four dollars
yes Jamba Juice and I got you the flavor
you want up first all I
give us a hoe because I could tell from
as soon as I met you you were so flirty
like nah I was just nervous yeah you
have a sweet touch no guys this is
listen we don't even keep like touch I
don't know yeah we didn't kiss obviously
on the first day I think they were more
than a little hands I sweat and hand
like hugs no guys this is how ok cuz if
she put out the first time I would maybe
that would have changed my whole
perception like this has to be a hit it
and quit it no no offense you didn't do
that but if she put out the first time
but the fact that she stayed in the car
for that long we didn't even go in the
backseat I'm just like ok this might
mean wifey material right here we all in
backseat no one I'm just saying I have a
new part no one's bringing our best mate
let's wait till this videos I'm seeing
yeah I'm never ending this video guys
it's gonna be the longest video ever so
she did actually make me weigh in that's
unheard of in today's society so I
respect that
yeah II can't just get what you want
who said I wanted it though you you just
said Omega good G baby wait he was such
a ho I know I would not know but the
whole time we were sitting and I'm like
1 hour pass to our past 3 hours and I'm
just like and it's our first date just
like the backs he is right to the movies
have use a connect point so foggy ok so
if I tell you no I'm just letting you
know that yeah my heart wasn't really
like this is 2016 shout out to Mary Lou
for raising a real one
thank you I did get it eventually though
don't worry
it wasn't the first time though Oh show
them your phone games you did your phone
case guys if you've been a day one
subscriber you remember I made this
phone case for her she has to put it on
now wait focus it oh it's a picture of
me it's old when I just have to go tea
and I said I love him so much with the
hearts around it first actually yeah oh
no you're fine ha ha
Oh waiter no we didn't tell them I
didn't even finish but no I was it look
at that's all I'm gonna have in my mind
for the rest there's no one
okay so one thing that we did do I had
fucking bean boozled mind you ah I was
not a youtuber at this point I had no I
had no vlogs I had nope I was not a
youtuber here our first time hanging out
I had no YouTube channel or maybe I had
a channel but no videos up anyways guys
so I don't know why I had a bean boozled
day maybe it was from one of Brian's
videos or I was just just had it for fun
and I fucking literally you had the
nerve to give her a bean boozled if you
guys don't know what that is those
really really nasty jelly beans that
that literally directions it says these
taste like fart skunk stinky sweaty
socks like all that and we played it and
we were just like I'm like I actually
want to throw up yeah she's looking at
me like bitch this is our first date no
but God okay so my 10 flies already from
you yeah and we took we took one video
that I still have we still have it and
it was look how fucking caucus you are
haha she's been trying to pick with
selfie to pose for like two hours
okay sorry it takes time for such a good
she literally said in the snapchat she
said yeah it takes time to look this
good and she gave me like a little look
and I was like oh my god she is so
feisty like I had so many red flags
I don't like me me that she is so
fucking hot we gotta keep it's really
ugly then no you were not the only
reason we hung out in the first place
because you were ha I had no idea of who
you were anything anyways guys so to sum
it up our first date I picked her up I
was nervous fucking nervous as hell my
palms were literally sweaty my armpits
were sweaty I wanted to drive away from
her house multiple time before she came
out when I saw the doorknob turn for her
to come out my heart like no offense
familiar with my ballsack like I just go
all fucking so scared and so we went to
Jamba Juice and thous it
we then stayed in the car for seven
hours and I'm telling you those seven
hours might be the most fun that we've
had in this one entire relationship we
didn't do anything we just talked got to
know each other
she didn't like do anything bad because
if she did do something bad other guys
would be like oh well that's a good
thing no that would have been a red flag
so she didn't so and then after that we
just went home and from that
on from the first time we ever hung out
until to this day so over a year ago a
year in a couple of months we literally
went from you know how other couples or
other relationships or other friends
like they'll hang out the first time
then maybe they'll wait like a week or a
couple of days and then hang out again
and then maybe wait like a couple days
and hang out again until they
progressively get to hanging out every
day for us I took her back home she went
to sleep the next day oh you want to
hang out we hung out again the day after
that we hung out again you hung out
again hung out we literally from the
first day we ever hung out oh no
everything we just started hanging out
every single day and then she just
became like my best friend which
eventually led to us dating which
eventually led to me asking her out she
eventually led to her becoming my
girlfriend um our one-year anniversary's
coming up tomorrow Monday like I said
now this is why it makes sense so we
were pretty much dating for really long
too whatever I'm not gonna get into that
but we were dating for a really long
time before I even asked her to be my
girlfriend but I just waited till
December 5th for whatever reason I just
want to make it perfect and yeah to this
day I can count I can count the amount
of times that we've gone without seeing
each other from the first time we ever
hung out all the way till today December
4th 2016 over a year and a couple months
five times only five days we've gone
without seeing each other whatever that
may be because of school or work or so I
guess moral of the story is you can have
fun with somebody you love or you can
have fun with somebody that you connect
to it without doing anything you don't
need to go somewhere special you don't
need to spend a bunch of money and I'm
not saying don't take the girl you're
trying to date out anywhere special
because that came on our next couple
dates but all I'm saying is if you're
really vibe with somebody and if you're
really comfortable with somebody and you
guys just click then you don't have to
do anything special as you see our
relationship is going one year strong
and obviously we're not perfect but
we're in a good spot we're happy we're
healthy and our first date was fucking
sitting in a car for hours and hours and
hours so you don't need to do that again
that's what I'm saying I wouldn't trade
it for anything so you don't need to do
anything extremely special
I'm not saying take tips from me but if
your first day isn't
with a bunch of money spend ball a ball
you don't need to worry about if the
girl really is in T or if the guy really
is into you then they're not gonna look
at or how much money did he spend on me
or what place did we go to they're not
gonna look at that if you had fun you
guys have good conversation you guys
vibe then that's all that matters
take the mic take the mic now honestly I
think you know sometimes guys feel
pressured because I feel like you felt
nervous or something no I'm sure that's
just how it goes like you don't need to
push like any type of plan like
everything that happened was so
spontaneous it was so much fun are you
beary like I don't think there was a
time that we didn't talk and I you know
we got to know each other really well I
knew right away like right after we hung
out I was like okay hold on I have never
felt so comfortable so instantly with
somebody half-assed I had never liked
even my best friends that are guys if we
hang out for that long there's gonna be
moments where I'm just like like sitting
back and like okay this kind of boy it
never happened with her and I told my
mom right away right when I got home I
told I was like mom okay I hung out with
a girl because I don't want to say after
the first date I knew she was the one
but I'm gonna go ahead and say it
because after the first day I knew she
was the one and she told me the same
thing obviously not that but she told me
she's like hey I had a lot of fun thank
you for bubble bottle happy and we hung
out the second a third a fourth inning I
blushed a lot during that that like cuz
I'm like I was used to the spicy feisty
face so when out see here like laugh and
blush I'm like okay I must be doing
something right no no no no no I'm gonna
no I'm gonna tell them what you were
known as before we hung out and this
could be gone this could be a whole
other story for holder video but she was
literally known as Queen curve like like
she was known for all the people don't
know what that means if a guy ever tried
to talk to her or fucking hang out and
by she would lit it like she was known
as don't fucking talk to me don't try to
hang on me don't do nothing so for me to
actually proceed with hanging out there
for me to actually have a good time I
was like okay I just have a configurator
risk I was what people were turned her
out to be like well you're gonna hang
out her she's so like she's gonna curve
you like blah blah and I'm like no I'm
gonna do it like blah blah so to end
this video any cuz I know we have a lot
of subs that are
apples in a relationship thank you for
watching I hope you guys in your
relationship it good healthy and
long-lasting and all you people that are
single I hope if you're looking cuz some
people don't want a relationship if
you're looking I hope you find that one
for you obviously just let it come to
you yeah don't go out people go out
there and like both really bad because
they're like oh there's so many couples
especially dream they go out in turn
look for relationships
don't do that let her come to you it's
so like much more natural I want to give
a shout out to all those people
boys and girls because they were both
who told me that me and Jackie weren't
gonna make it
they told me she wasn't the right one I
just want to give a huge shout out to
you because no offense I'm not trying to
throw shade but all those people who
told me that Jackie wasn't the right one
for me and that our relationship wasn't
gonna work out I don't want to be mean
but those certain people have ran
through multiple guys I want to say the
guys are so single - the guys are still
single and the girls have been kinda I
don't say like hoeing around but they've
been ran through by a couple guys and
kind of let go so like I don't want to
say maybe you should have opened your
mouth but karma is real we're still
happy we're good shout out thanks for
telling me it wasn't gonna work out
shout out thanks for telling me she
wasn't the one and shout out because you
guys weren't a relationships and then
after you told me that karma is real so
thank you guys for that and thank you to
myself thank you to myself for not
listening to them and not paying any
attention to that then I would not I
mean I am king petty but at the same
time if someone's gonna tell me all your
relationship isn't gonna work out I'm
sorry to tell you she's not the one
that's why we were like such a good
master King Petty and I'm clean curve so
yeah that was a little petty of myself
but you're gonna try to ruin my
happiness those were those were friends
and some family members - not my brother
I was gonna jump to that conclusion it
wasn't my brother while I was happy with
my girl friend whatever you were to me
at the time and they're trying to tell
me oh she's not the one for you bro
don't do it and we're still together so
I'm gonna give a shout out to you guys
so thank you and maybe you guys should
worry about your own relationships
instead of coming at me
that thank you so much for watching this
video guys there's actually so many
stories that we haven't told you guys
because we just went straight into
vlogging so there's so many stories that
you guys haven't heard about our first
couple of the times hanging out and I'm
sure you guys would love to hear them
cuz they were let's just say I don't
know how she's still here I don't know I
don't know how this relationship worked
out but it didn't is still going so a
lot of people want to hear the story you
guys still haven't heard how exactly we
met that was the first time hanging out
and I really do hope you guys enjoyed
this video enjoy the rest of your Sunday
and the rest of your week I was about to
throw uh and we appreciate all the
support that you guys get annulation
shit you so much could reply to all of
them and see all of them but they're so
nice no we we do see all them just the
other night Jackie was scrolling we me
and Jackie will be showing each other
like all the people that said something
cool about our relationship so thank you
we appreciate the support
it makes Jackie well it makes me really
happy but it makes Jackie I wish you
guys could see me when I read them I
literally like tap him on the shoulder
so harlech about to break it just so you
know him one thing this is mine Gatiss
bye guys
bye thank you guys one last thing to
close this video on and I'm not here to
convince you guys whether you think love
at first sight is real or fake cuz a lot
of people have different opinions on
that but let me just say that I did not
believe in love at first sight before me
and Jackie started today or started to
hang out but now that I think about it I
know there's gonna sound corny but ever
since the first would you agree that it
was love at first sight she's asleep
right now would it's just like you you
feel something instantly like we I'm
sure she's hung out other people I hung
out other people and you just don't feel
but when we hung out you just felt
something like instantly and now one
year later we know what that feeling was
and that was love so I'm not here to say
oh you better believe in love at first
sight cuz some people don't cuz I didn't
have for us but I'm here to tell you
guys I honestly believe that's what it
really was
