oh no James what is going on you guys
been in here okay everyone I'm here with
my most hated best friend Dennis and I'm
also here with my best favorite their
closest not as a chain but like anyone
on earth just in je yeah I got you of
course and
you'd still be in the video
three crazy people are a just like we
are like why couldn't it be a hybrid
that walk that I drove on why I said
walk they had to be the loudest on earth
but anyway we decided that we're gonna
get to the mall and do a little dare
game we don't have an actual wheel to
spin but we have a spin the wheel app
and so we closed five gears on here are
you both we're all super nervous the
whole way here I'm sweating
okay so we got five gears on here I'm
gonna read them out oh my who's gonna do
the kissing a stranger jumping in the
water fountain which if you guys don't
watch face road Brian got my cousin Pam
from here because he jumped in a
fountain
case a random stranger okay who's gonna
do this first of all you spell tattoo
home T 8000 J acts like he even knows
how to spell it but getting a tattoo or
your ears pierced so I already have bro
look at what a lost cause like I'm
already half tattoo in my ears beaut sit
with random people while they eat or a
scream inside of a store
like why can't we just go to the mall
walk around each shop have fun
you have to do this in hold on hold on
hold on
I'm nervous let me eat it
now I don't wanted to go he can't catch
a pass on the basketball court you can't
make a layup you can't catch a cummings
mouth please get tattoos so that we
don't have to do that I don't have no
losses
hey Jay I get to do with a Islander
tattoos like a like a weight how do I
make it clear
hey my role my role there you keep
singing
how long all the rest you have another
lifesaver ba ba ba ba new life
hey Dennis look I'm so scalable please
get something easy all he has to do is
go to the food court
find the random tables sit with people
so who know how about 8:00 to make it
more extreme he has to eat their food
hey what are they our veggies ooh
hi Dennis your turn
something family no no I'm not doing
that let me just remove more time no you
have to let me spin one okay wait wait
wait wait wait
I'm Middle Eastern so I know where it's
coming from when he says his mom would
kill him you know what I get is mad okay
so what if I don't care whatever then
you got to do it okay Dennis watch
because I said what if I can and you
said baby you got to do it
look my husband wrote to do Dennis's mom
I gave him another chance but he
deserves it because I literally said
what if I get this any said that you got
to do it okay my friend why you so happy
you're here you know he's gonna get
screaming for kiss stranger or jumping a
lot of fun so I would rather get my
agent do any of that
how would I kiss a stranger where they
didn't get tested hey I'm looking you're
not looking okay I'm just gonna lie
about what my god okay okay guys I mean
about the kisses stranger jump inside
the same water fountain that got my
cousin Dan from the ball and I love this
moment with or scream it's out of the
store
Oh spins they see me Amy what is it I
can't see scream in store wait screams
aah and so the death on set in stone I
think then it's got the worst of it but
hey it was luck it's not like we forced
anyone to do it Andy give me chancery
spin yeah and we get my chance actually
man wait wait you and you Claire's over
here
well find some more you know then I'm
somebody get your kids me and J will
just tighten this down and see here we
got myself dragon we need to do these
years because where are we going to go
after these dares to the gym to play
some basketball not the way he does it
hurt it hurts for like one second by
everyone over things face it doesn't
hurt it hurts pretty bad well actually I
entered so bad everything right Aaron
glares whoa and I think it they do it
with a gun so might look like getting
shot in your ear 100 million years peers
make that 100 million and what one okay
they give you a teddy bear at least hey
that's bogus free ear piercing but you
must purchase the kid so it's not free
the unicorn porzingis no no no they have
basketball earrings do you guys have the
basketball earrings I bought from here
before
hey Dennis if you want to match because
he has a cross tattoo so I was thinking
if you wanted to match Tennyson's
so Dennis signing away his life hey how
nervous are you
the gun is here in case you haven't seen
a hey at least you got a lollipop right
I'll get it pierced multiple times
anyone's here here the cartilage hey
Dennis they have pizza earrings never I
don't know if hamburger know I don't
know bro I just saw they have
forgiveness pizza this is a serious push
can I play basketball right after this
oh no mockingly okay one two ten
one nah me and me here see she has you
guys your bellybutton piercing hey
Dennis you should get your belly button
pierced though yeah did you get a
lollipop after if he behaves says I'm
doing both well you pretty much got
tattoo and ear piercing now oh maybe now
you'll make some shots at the gym
hey you look good let's go out forget
the gym you're going out tonight
downtown you look good yeah I'm scared
of you boat I know he likes that and
they bad it looks good he looks cool now
you look cool yeah hey they look good
hey is there any way you can make this
private just my mom oh you mean like
blocked your mom from seeing the video
huh just text your saying don't watch
Brandon's next video
yeah I'll make I want you to make her be
for she'll calm at first in the comment
section first edit the user name for
Dennis's mom hey I respect you though
you honored your word and now it's mine
and Jay Stern I think it's okay Jay here
are your options here are your options
you see anything you like
nervous yeah bro we'll give Jason time
to think all right just let me know when
you're ready sir
I swear Jays about to run away he's
about to take off AJ don't start running
either he's about to take off Jay Jay
find his target Oh Jay found his target
- movies wallets nice J it's crazy right
okay well I'm sure you've been spotted
recording by the cage yeah we need to do
a better job at hiding between them and
they'll just need it busy sorry my
friends bothering you guys okay
oh you want to take a picture oh you all
know is a fan hey that's so funny of
course the people that J ended up
sitting makes you he watches my videos
for shout-out to Damian hey I feel like
you got out of the easy boat I know I'm
so thankful oh my gosh so now there's
one left
were you really talking about your
wallet yeah so J just bought a wallet
what's going on sir oh boy how about I
just do it at my house I'll scream at my
house hey that was so embarrassing I
went out as like a part of the skit or a
part of the prank to pull J and I'm like
oh sorry guys my friend is a little
weird he's a little crazy and they're
like oh he watches you he watches your
video then I said oh like what are you
guys doing yeah I know
hey Dennis I just want to say bro you
look handsome wouldn't you remember me
you know I'm Dennis right yeah so you're
a girl like with it would be game over
something like that would close the deal
I'm telling you next time
hey next time we go out just like talk
talk to a girl like this hey hey what's
up what's your name
honestly it looks really good if I keep
complimenting you do I not have to do my
dear I mean I'm liking it hey Dennis you
should have got these look she had bling
and shine
hey you should have but you know what
they tell you the bigger the oh the
bigger the also you definitely should
have got these moments that's a girl you
have your ears pierced how you gonna
talk to her
hey JJ you record the idea do it at um
Oh
internachi tom okay record just a few
good people here you wish on the music
this is my boy he hates me he loves
plants and all stars
oh wait you guys stole the fucking tiger
interesting i always scream or scram
whatever I did wait before you cross the
line okay so you got your ears pierced I
said I respect you because you did it
Jay did it and I was all happy for him
but when I do it nobody cares let me
finish you can see in the clip when you
watch I was talking okay well I'm proud
of you thanks bro oh wait I'm scared now
that what the earrings but I'm scared of
you like we just still be acquaintances
like I know you but I think we could be
friends
oh you know Joey badass Dennis badass
the next store that's Justin he's
vegetarian he hates me he loves plants
and Devin burger should have been
all-star yeah who should Jason which
which part should didn't get pierced
next hey Dennis next tour my friends
vegetarian but sometimes off-camera he
eats me are you gonna let me do my day
or not okay one last time before we
leave he loves doing they're both so fun
did my friend Danny's he just got his
ears pierced he doesn't know if he likes
it a nice kind of a fee for now my other
friend is vegetarian like I said
sometimes off camera he likes to eat
meat but you guys never see that my name
is Brandon I like basketball and that's
what we're about to go do right now play
some basketball
hey sorry
you kill me and I love making YouTube
videos oh shit the security card no I
forgot to save is the agent and is what
I'm supposed to fit oh shit the other
security I don't give a fuck we're
leaving hey I forgot to say this I'm
gonna say now and Jay likes his veggies
toasted on a subway sandwich
speaking some speaking of subway and I
love the broad squad I love all you guys
by the way Dennis is trying to stop
Justin from leaving bro we're gonna see
him at the gym anyways the guy's gonna
think you're crazy
look he's looking the Kisuke oh we're
gonna see him at the gym in literally 10
minutes I'm not I'm not allowed to vlog
but look who we ran into
let's get it baby long - oh holy shit
I'm sure I'm gonna get kicked out anyway
I don't care at this point
you gotta bow we walk in to go pee
really quick I freakin see Talia oh my
god now we're about a place of good
basketball hey what do you think of
Dennis's earrings
on his Instagram bio it says public
figure what should he change it to
so we're a couple games in I don't know
if it's the earrings or whatever but
Dennis made a layup I swear he made a
layup beau hey I like your hoodie beau
it looks familiar ly god I feel like I
had one same exact same size same amount
of faded hey what did Dennis do this
game both great he know he had one
there's no
there's no telling you're the right girl
