all right so what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka braudys and I am
extremely confused right now let me tell
you why so usually every single morning
before I go to the gym you know Jackie
comes over and we just hang out for a
little and then when it's time for me to
go to the gym to go play basketball she
either come with me or goes to work if
she has work or she does her homework
studies this morning she didn't come see
me and I thought that was kind of weird
and you know I don't want to sound crazy
but she was taking a little longer to
reply to my text so I started thinking
like you know what is going on I'm
trying to play basketball but at the
same time I'm like okay why didn't my
girlfriend come see me this morning like
every other morning and why is she not
answering my texts so I thought it was
weird and I got home I just got ready I
just got off the shower I got I got a
text from Jackie she pretty much gave me
an address of where to meet her she said
meet me here and I first I'm like yo did
my girlfriend get kidnapped and is she
trying to send me hints or is she trying
to get me kidnapped or maybe because
she's latina so she's a little psycho
when it comes to relationships maybe she
thinks I cheated on her so she sent me
to an address so she could tie me up
like this and fucking with me
I don't know I don't know what's going
on she just sent me an address and I'm
telling you you know I'm sitting here
I'm being stubborn I'm like babe tell me
what's going on or I'm not going to show
up and she's like just come here blah
blah blah cuz I don't like when people
spend money on me so I feel like she's
trying to surprise me and I hate when
people spend money on me I just feel
like I don't say I don't deserve it but
people work hard on their money so like
I feel bad for people when they spend
money on me whether that's my girlfriend
my parents my brother my friends like
you guys worked hard for that money keep
it for yourself my girlfriend already
bought me this Jackie
I'm waiting she bought me these socks
that I'm wearing she like my girlfriend
spends a lot of money on me so I told
her I said this veteran obvious
surprised because I don't want you to
spend money on me but she just keeps
telling me to come to this address I
don't know I am extremely confused I'm
just as confused as you guys so she just
texts me saying and bring some water
what is going on hold on what the fuck
is going on she told me not not to look
up the address and I won't be a cheater
I'm gonna be a good sport and I won't
look up the address so hopefully she's
not sending me to some fucking oh no
guys I don't know so we're gonna go on
this journey together we're gonna find
out what the hell my girlfriend's
planning so all I did today I just
cup recorded a video edited the video
went to the gym played some basketball
came back home and uploaded that video
so I've just been working on my video
and playing basketball all day today
just the usual she said that she's at
the address right now so let's go see
what's up guys my favorite cousin
jessica is parked right it's parked
right behind me we have to politely ask
her to move her car
Jess move your damn car reading what a
bunch of fucking bad words sorry guys I
can't be joining you for this beautiful
family lunch I know Jessica but the last
time Bosley jumped was 1996 yeah bye
Jess and daddy Tanya Oh another one
another 100 speak now or forever hold
your peace why is Jackie telling me to
go meet her at a random address I feel
like my mom wouldn't know out of all
people because my mom and Jackie are
literally best friends we just sent you
yeah she said don't look it up
I know Brian I know that's what I'm
thinking so I'm too scared what do you
think
no don't Brian dad my mom said no wonder
you're not eating food he's gonna eat as
a mom no you said it well and she and
she said bring water so I'm about to go
bring water gonna burn you like yeah
she's gonna oh my gosh okay guys it's a
good thing I trust ya I love you guys
all I don't know this might be the last
time I'm seeing you guys now I'm just
joking guys I love my girlfriend I just
want to see what this is cuz this is
kind of weird oh hold on guys by the way
the video I filmed today is something
that I've never done anything like this
before
so if you didn't get a chance to check
out my video I just finished editing and
uploading this video oh shit I didn't
make my friend Ilana okay guys okay I
have to do my facebook lineup before I
go against Brian if you didn't get a
chance to check out this video it's the
first time I've ever done anything like
this on my channel I actually can
about to be really really funny I was
extremely nervous recording it Brian how
nervous would you have been yeah guys
and I went through with it and did it so
if you didn't get a chance to check that
out go ahead and watch that video I need
to pick my FanDuel line up and then I'm
gonna go see or at least I think I'm
gonna go see my girlfriend I got the
water she asked me to bring water I got
three water bottles I bought the
basketball just in case you trying to
mess around and get cross up really
quick cuz you always got to keep a
basketball handy ball is life you never
know when someone's trying to mess
around you got a bowl them up really
quick so just in case my girls trying to
plan something with that I got the
basketball I got the oil wipe so we're
ready to go she actually just texts me
saying hello where are you
my girlfriend's waiting for me she's
been waiting for a long time so it's
time to go about time I do it's about
time I say ders come on oh wait okay
guys hold on so I'm getting a little I
don't want to say suspicious but so the
address she sent me says that I'm gonna
rot
I knew it I knew it I knew it she sent
me the address to a hotel I knew it the
hotels right there and it says u-turn I
knew it I am getting it in tonight they
go
yep it's the hotel I knew it okay fine I
excited no and I was a little scared but
I just like saying I knew it so that I
act like I knew it but I really didn't
do it know it knew it whatever the fuck
it's called Yelp for cars right here I
knew it well no I didn't but still
moving night at the hotel with my
girlfriend I don't know why this is
happening I don't know what I did to
deserve this but I am not complaining so
okay guys so this is kind of weird a
random Friday December 2nd a random day
out of nowhere my girlfriend tells me to
meet her at a hotel we stayed at this
hotel before let's see what this is all
about bruh wat is game tonight now we
cross our fingers for no babies tonight
well I mean I get in every night but at
least not have the you know freedom I'd
have to be too quiet I have the hotel
room to myself so I can you know do some
I could release some of my go all out
like a grizzly bear like I don't know
tell room we don't need to you know
we'll see but yeah let's go see what
this is all about I got the water
bottles loaded 1 2 3
she asked me to bring a lot of water I'm
not sure why it was so funny I wish I
was vlogging but I turned my camera off
right when I got out my car this dude
was like hey man I know this is weird I
just sounds Thanks this guy just this
guy just asked me like I got on my car
so I came in I mean I don't want to be
weird but it's cool if I take a picture
in front of your car and I was like yeah
go ahead and I got it I was like I'll
get out the way too and he's like is it
cool if I sit on any was taking picture
like this first snapchat I wish I was
blogging but magic are you nervous
stop to the novel on your tongue why are
you nervous okay guys the vlog earning
the I did look at my pockets
is there no water no I so the only basis
yeah I know I told them we say that this
hotel before so she got this hotel for
just four I love this hotel yeah it's
not the nicest or the best hotel but
this is the first hotel that we ever
stayed out together wouldn't you you
doesn't need too much yeah it was two
years our first New Year's together
oh wait that's almost exactly a year ago
floor three shout out jared dudley oh
okay this is why you picked this hotel
because they have a snack vending
machine Oh a swimming pool should I jump
from here guys no this was the first
hotel we've ever say that the TV's
already on how long were you here boo
pizza
I thought you were trying to kidnap me
or like whip me or no I need to see what
I was awesome you're watching
SportsCenter I see it what was on just
highlights Clippers oh shit oh my god
ham and pineapple breadsticks pasta and
pepperoni shout out shout out to the
boys yeah I saw Lee this morning
actually yes okay guys so what we have
to cover it so the bugs don't come I'm
sure there is no okay this took a lot
about all yourself are we gonna shower
here yeah okay
okay look okay guys hold on wait wait
hold on I wanna see this
don't worry I told you it took me like
two weeks to plan it wait I want to show
how cute this is look so from the beach
wait look at this one
whoa oh my gosh that's when I work I
love this one when he asked me out with
a ring pop your hat hey wait wait I try
to name all the moments yes let me just
tell you everything first of all I still
have flowers left but I didn't know what
to do with them do you see these they
only had a confetti of married people
look how do you assume in their hearts
and married people welcomes any this was
at this hotel guys yes let's take it out
not our first time here but we've been
here like a million times if we actually
get a view not that I show those
shoulders yeah no I printed a lot of
them were your attitude by yourself look
at this one God you sent me that well
it's so long ago hey I don't like that
one I like that one got so many hotels
around this area but we only see out
this one because it was our first one
that we ever stayed at and like it says
happy anniversary or not loving medium
Bosley I didn't marry me that day yes I
didn't mention that it was our
anniversary on the vlog because our
dates are all messed up but pretty much
guys if you're a longtime follower of my
videos then you understand you know that
December 5th 2015 was the first time I
ever asked Jackie out but I know it's
confusing but we were dating way before
that I just didn't have the guts and I
didn't have I didn't have what it takes
ask her out until December 5th but we
were already dating before that that
makes sense we just weren't I had it
fucking officially asked her but we were
already you know together taking babe I
love you bubble ball whatever you want
to call it but on December 5th I finally
asked her out but that's why I don't
really cuz people were tweeting me
saying no don't
your one-year anniversary technically
we've already been together for over a
year but if you want to go official date
then our one-year is coming up but we've
been together for what a year and a
couple months a year in a long time
shout out to my girlfriend hey is this
my jacket or your jacket whose is this
for me I know I've been stealing Brian
shampoo for the past week it's so cute
it's just great you don't worry I'll
wear that kool-aid I know hey this is
for you I know it
wait how long were you here listen I'm
gonna tell you right now this took a lot
of planning hey why'd you flip this one
pack I like it no it's not good it's not
good look shout out me and my mom guys
okay I honestly had no idea if we're
being honest we know you got actually
started an argument with Jackie the
other day wait is that where you were
when you told me when when you went to
the mall go into the mall and I was
gonna kill you guys she went to the mall
the other day and I texted her saying
are you it doesn't know I was so mad I
was like listen you have a curfew your
mom does not let you sell all night why
are you taking this long at the mall and
it turns out she was doing the pictures
and the shirts and the jacket so now I
feel pretty stupid yeah guys in case you
didn't know you heard that correctly
Jackie has a curfew my girlfriend my 20
year old girlfriend who pays rent has
curfew but it's all good because we love
her mom she's a little crazy but we
still love her mom and we got to respect
the rules why so your mom's letting you
sleep here tonight
yeah that's right no curfew tonight
we're sleeping here shout out if you
guys want to come through I'm sorry this
videos gonna be up after we already left
so that won't really work out uh-huh
look at this picture the one of you with
the makeup wow I'm actually super
surprised I had no idea this was going
on no idea
this was the hardest part yeah I'm sure
I had to put this why'd you put purple
and yellow balloons
that's for Lakers because oranges are
cool wouldn't match to the bodice laughs
look you right here I love this picture
ha ha ha
guys I just think it's so funny when I
take selfies I always laugh at myself
Oliver
shoutout Oliver this is early its
December 5th today's only December 2nd
I know but on Sundays I do so this is
why you asked me not to upload this
weekend
well this is a very very big surprise oh
do you like it mm-hmm
thank you I really had no idea and she
bought me this jacket you know going on
usually I'm the one surprising her she
caught me off guard because it's
December 2nd that's early that's not
fair there's a lot of people are gonna
say oh you guys have only been together
for a year that's crazy it feels like
more well that's because it is more we
we were dating for longer than a year
but I was just I don't want to say I was
too scared to ask her out no it's not
that I was scared but no she thinks no
she thinks that I asked her out until
December 5th because even though we were
dating I still wanted to mention all the
other girls which is not true that is
definitely not true she just she makes
that up and she thinks that in her head
but it's not the reason is because I
knew that she was the one I knew she was
the one I wanted to make my girlfriend I
knew she was perfect for me so I wanted
to ask her out in the best way I didn't
want to just go up to him guy yo you
won't be my girlfriend like are you
trying to be my girlfriend so no they
still don't know that's gonna be a good
story that would be a good story time
video but anyways so it's not that I was
too scared or it's not that we didn't
know I didn't know she was gonna say yes
or not it's just that I knew for a fact
she was gonna be the one so I didn't
want to mess it up I did I wanted to do
it in a memorable way so I waited until
December 5th but yeah guys we're already
doing all that you know babe I love you
to hang out go out go to the movies go
to the beach we are doing all that
before December 15 well when people are
like didn't you say you guys were dating
before you made a youtube channel but
you asked her out December 5th and you
made a youtube channel before that well
yes that's because I asked her out
December 5th but we were already dating
we already knew both I'm hoping I'm
making sense but I'm probably not I hope
you guys understand it but you probably
don't people are gonna be like what the
fuck Jackie has a curfew explain my -
Jones can't explain to any other way and
like she's just crazy but we have to
respect the curfew if I don't respect
the curfew of their mom her mom would
hate me and no you we have to get her
home perspective we don't like it but we
respect it we still have to get Jackie
home on time every night but today yeah
weekend's no curfew so shout out Mary
Lou shoutout to you for no curfew
tonight me and Jackie are spending the
night at the hotel babe I can't wait for
you to open the chocolate okay you folks
open already know you're gonna be the
one who need to shout out look what
we're watching Chauncey but but but
Billups guys look what I'm wearing
Lacombe dressed so first the dance socks
and sandals
then the basketball shorts and then
you're like oh at least he's dressed
nice at the top like the windbreaker
look what was under the windbreaker fuck
fucking Phoenix Suns warm up shirt okay
you're not one to talk you ain't a
freakin gray sweater the clothes are
gonna come up anyway so what the hell
doesn't matter what
two minutes I need to eat fast guys guys
we're trying to pick a thumbnail
struggling look the Sun is almost down
and we're still trying to pick up a meal
along cahier bed maybe like this guy's
she wants to kill me the road is still
have thorns on them and I picked them up
this is the one that you yeah yeah the
ocean list you're right guys fuck the
thumbnail I swear thumbnails always all
my fellow youtubers out there that are
watching this video thumbnails the
hardest thing to pick for a video I
swear I'm gonna kill someone
okay you know what mmm mother uh-oh
what are we bringing now are we getting
kinky but we're just looking picking a
thumbnail
with this Oh what are we doing from this
angle oh wait hold on try to uh a lot of
legs out my ass huh
yeah later wait Yuma looks bad how many
fake smile ah wait I know those on my
web me I'm on my laptop guys I still
have the very first pictures we ever
took there was that bar DeNoble I don't
even know why just started doing this
shit cuz I wanted to post a picture with
you I want she was studying and I was
studying but I just use that as an
excuse to hang out with her yeah she's
like a happy no one else she's like I've
to study all day oh me too I literally
had nothing to study for and then while
she was trying to study I just kept
talking with her and I'm like a way I'm
supposed to be studying Brandon come on
are you having too much fun guys
look at this
none of them are thing on your head it's
too round huh ha okay yeah why is it so
dark oh maybe I should take the cap off
the fucking cap oh we could probably get
charges oh no never mind
hotel if you're watching this video
sorry I'm putting it back on you
complain about this wait look at your
head haha guys I told Jackie I'm gonna
keep only the pictures of my face on
them the selfies and I'm gonna hang them
on my door only the ones of myself why
are you keeping the confetti and rose
petals to surprise another guy huh guys
she's keeping the rose petals and
confetti how sketchy is that cards
wedding bells and then wedding is this
if we can snapchat symbol no wedding
though I know I'm just joking what I
keep it someone we get married to can
you see oh yeah that's a good way to
save money
I am mr. Krabs oh wait it was actually
mr. Krabs birthday a couple of days ago
shout out to me aka my birthday cuz I am
mr. Krabs
wait yeah you should keep the rose-petal
wait we should do our honeymoon in this
hotel yeah why I'm serious we don't have
to travel it's right down the street
LeBron for a Chicago guys look I tried
on the hoodie that Jackie bought me yes
look you love the color guys I told her
I'm Bosley now this is Bosley's color
like a cream vanilla no babe leave them
for sentimental though why because they
are literally like flying already yeah
but they won't raw just put them in the
fridge they can last like ten years in
there thank you
pedals can last 10 years in the fridge
right there look good guys I'm literally
Bosley's colored and I look like Bosley
to see bug do I look like Bosley look
guys actually me and Bosley got in a
fight this morning you want to know why
cuz he popped one of his pimples and I
was trying to wipe I know I'll shit he
has pimples if he had a pimple right
under chin and he went like this and he
popped his eye was bleeding and I'm like
Bosley let me wipe your fucking face I
don't want you to drip blood and he
wouldn't let me wipe his face so we got
in a fight clean up clean up everybody
do your share ha ha no that's the
explicit version on Barney
but the the clean version of Barney's do
your share that is Barney song it's
called clean up clean up everybody do
your share we need to go get my
chapstick from the car when the guy
asked me if you can take a picture in
front of my car I just kind of forgot my
chapstick in the car and I'm dying
I am dying I need chapstick I swear the
perks of having a hotel literally two
minutes away from my house I forgot my
toothbrush toothpaste face wash extra
clothes I forgot everything because I
didn't know I was gonna sleep here but
I'm about to go and get all myself and
bring them down here do you remember the
pictures we took in front of this mirror
last time okay let's go oh wait this
looks so weird
I'm yes wait I look like it I look like
an H&M model but an ugly
because habit use chapstick in three
hours I never got it from my car we're
just going right now and then we're
going home
to go get my stuff can you yell out
Bosley for his pumping is pig blood not
letting me wipe it earlier
it happened at 10:00 in the morning can
I feel bad why does he have the bowls he
doesn't going through those ages my god
guys I'm a fiend I'm an addict for this
shit for chapstick finally mama Mia
mr. pimple popper Bosley popped his
pimple this morning and he didn't let me
wipe the blood did you clean your pimple
dirty bothered you remember our fight
this morning all because of this all
because of that right there guys I know
I came just to get myself but close game
alert Oh
porzingis 102 101 with six minutes left
so you know we have to watch the end of
this and a great matchup of two young
big men porzingis and karl-anthony towns
the future of NBA big men oh my god I
can't get used to this
okay fine I look good five five fine I
don't think I look good but my
girlfriend thinks I look good so that's
all that matters mom did you know about
the surprise yes I knew she knew as you
can give that one of you okay oh yeah
look who's back you got the victory
secret agenda no son no oh my brennon
good okay guys so Jackie's downstairs
look
I just booked at Benihana right now they
had a spot for two for me and Jackie no
she doesn't know I just did it when I
was in the bathroom right now so I told
Jackie I was gonna go in the shower
right okay so I told Jackie that I was
gonna go in the shower right and and I
went in the bathroom and I actually
called Benihana Benihana if you don't
know what it is it's this really really
nice restaurant you know they serve um
shrimp chicken steak lobster it's just
it's really good and it's kind of pricey
it's really fancy so it's not somewhere
you go every once in a while it's kind
of like somewhere for special occasions
like someone's birthday or anniversary
so what I did was I called and luckily
luckily they had a reservation open for
two people and I was like perfect
because it's a Friday night so I'd
imagine there would be all books and
they were all booked except for JD Hagen
okay wait I'm recording something for
the vlog if I see you close the door
then I'm not going back to the hotel I
swear okay so case in point is usually
every Friday night they're both
especially when I called this late but
just my luck they had she said that
somebody cancelled a party of two
cancelled so I said yes please that's
perfect it's just me and my girlfriend
so I got us a reservation at Benihana
and my girlfriend doesn't know and the
special thing about it the reason it's
so cool is they cook the food right in
front of I'm sure you guys know what it
is you sit around the grill until they
cook everything right in front of you
they do tricks and everything so Jackie
has no idea we're going and I'm gonna
surprise her you know she surprised me
with all that with the hotel room the
pictures the flowers balloon jackets
shirts everything she surprised me with
everything and she does so much for me
this is the least I could do the least I
could do is take her out for dinner she
does so much for me you think she does a
lot for me on camera the little massages
and the gifts that's nothing she does so
much more for me off camera and I
appreciate it so so much so this is the
least I could do
so she doesn't know yet she thinks we're
going back to the hotel right now little
does she know we are going to Benihana
it's gonna be a little tricky because
Benihana like I said it
I thought she was right outside the door
there's going to be weird because
Benihana is it's a fancy restaurant
people dress fancy I can't dress up
because she thinks for going back to the
hotel so I can't make it suspicious so
I'm just gonna be wearing some I don't
know some random clothing and she's not
dressed up so we're literally gonna go
to Benihana so underdressed right now
but it's all for the surprise guys
before we go to Ben Collins I know I'm
talking too much foot
I just want to give a quick little
shout-out to my girlfriend she is
literally the best girlfriend the world
no offense to any of you grills and
relationships any of you girlfriends out
there no offense I'm sure you guys are
perfect in your own ways but in my
opinion
Jackie is she's just I don't know she
literally does everything like she is
perfect and I know there's no such thing
as perfect so let me rephrase that she
is as close to perfect that somebody can
get she is if you think she does a lot
for me on camera you should see what she
does
off camera it's just non-stop love
non-stop support non-stop affection she
just she does so much for me and and I
can't even show all on camera but just
know that she makes me very very very
happy and and just words can't explain
how much I love her so I thank God every
single day that I got paired up with her
because you don't find you don't find
girls like that too often so I'm
extremely lucky I'm blessed and I'm
grateful to be in a relationship with a
girl like her I don't know if it was her
mom who raised her this good or for
shout out to you because you you raised
a really really really good girl imagine
I say all this and she's fucking
cheating on me behind my back I'm just
joking guys where you going
surprising Jackie cuz I have a
reservation at don't say Benihana Shh oh
I loved it was last second I just hope
do you hear the shower I told her I was
gonna go in the shower
I called him made a reservation we're
going right now at 9:00 she says she
thinks you guys are Pina Pizza I know
she thinks we're going but she thinks
we're gonna go fucking eat the pizza in
the hotel I'm bout to throw on my ultra
boots I haven't wore them out yet so cuz
these are actually sick they're like a
knockoff Yeezys I'm just joking but
they're so comfy I haven't wore them out
but I've tried them on obviously they're
so comfy it just feels like you're
wearing soft jets got one the sons one I
shouted out Oliver and Luna in my vlog
hey what are you doing bad boy
I see you let's go
Hotel time what are you doing wouldn't
you behind the back is it smell on the
floor in the trash can but my dad is in
Chile for me okay dad what do you give
him if he makes it behind the back in
the trash okay Brian that's sentimental
value no we need to review that one
yeah review let me see let me see oh my
gosh guess who parked behind me again
Jessica does not learn her lesson this
is two times in the same vlog Jessica
ready did she get ready to play no he's
out why you picked him and FanDuel
Jessica okay are you not gonna just move
it really quick back it out let me back
on right back guys we could Baz we hold
on
cor Bosley stop looking at the car the
laser beam lights are probably blinding
the hell out of him guys were late I
have to tell her where we're going right
now because Jessica took fucking so long
to move her car now we're gonna be lakes
I don't want to tell Jess we're going to
go eat at Benihana's that's your
surprise yes I know and our reservation
was at 9:00 but I didn't want to tell
Jess I didn't want to say it in front of
Jess because Jack was writing exercise
like Jess can you move your car she's
like Brandon just you could just drive
my car to the hotel and bring it back
and then I was like Jessica just fucking
move your car and she's like okay wait
and I didn't want to say we have a
reservation because Jackie was right
there so just it took forever to move a
car and now
we didn't have any spots open but
somebody canceled like right before I
call a party of two cuz it's Friday
night but you know what I was telling
them you know Benihana is like a place
where you dress fancy yeah we I know
we're so let's like buted out that
you're just like yeah guys this is this
is fancy for me that's okay this is how
you know I'm a squirrel this is dressing
fancy for me dude but anyways thank you
anyways we are on our way to Benihana
because guys this vlog is filled with
surprises first jacket surprise new
hotels and I surprise you at Benihana
and then I'm a surprised ugly H&M model
this babe I just don't think I look good
shout out you look this is the thing
with Brandon he it's like okay like
plain but like so plain that he's very
very like like piquillo what plate yeah
yeah yeah shout out Brian he said I look
good in this at least there's a Wendy's
right there so that one we're late to
our reservation and they kick us out we
can just go to Wendy's you see it oh no
I think we should actually just go to
Wendy's instead of begging I actually
realized like it's so crazy what you and
I are not like picky eaters we just get
hungry so we fucking eat anything
I know but were stressed couple of 2016
right now but we're about to be late we
need to hurry up he'll hear any hummus
guys without it walking oh they're
getting about to go say what's up to the
vlog guys we just met two huge fan
Stephanie's Stephanie and
another nice to meet you guys is that
what you're getting two guys so we're
here we just met two huge fans here
what's your name Kayleigh and agent
Adrienne her favorite videos the clown
Frank that's no that wasn't even funny
on so scared
look out what a good girlfriend Jackie
is I accidentally put way too much soy
sauce in my soup so I ruined it and she
said okay babe I'll take that for you
and you could have mine shoutout
I recorded
Oh
volcano eruption
Oh
my eyelashes are gone my lashes and
eyebrows are gone guys look what I
learned already for white goes basically
wait the heartbeat
yeah I should work here
lobster tail chicken
gallop
I try to play this game with Jackie but
she doesn't want to play why not the one
where you have to eat the food right
when it gets off the grill right away
right when the food gets off the grill
the second it touches your plate you
have to eat it right away without
blowing on it and Jackie always cheese
she says no babe is too hot guys I
literally finished all my rice before my
food even came out look everybody saved
their rice but for me I just kept eating
it look all my rice gone
everybody knows everybody okay guys it
is freezing we are reading but I'm here
to close out the vlog right now I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video this
was a fun-filled video with a lot of
surprises from Jackie surprising me at
the hotel to me not knowing what the
hell was even going on to me surprising
her with this dinner it was overall for
I feel like this was a fun vlog so drop
a like if you guys think the same happy
almost one-year anniversary December 5th
today December 2nd by the time this goes
up actually will be the third so happy
almost anniversary not yet but almost
you feel the guns in it yeah thanks
again I don't yeah so you think I don't
like the game is literally right when
the food gets off the grill you have to
eat it right away no matter how you do
it just me yeah I know the game is just
the game is haha hey don't explain my
secret the game the game is I'm the boss
and the owner of the game so I don't
have to do it guys I hope you enjoyed
this video drop a like if you did thank
you so much for watching I love every
single one of you guys shout out to
everybody who I met while while I was
eating shout to the people I met before
I was eating it was an honor meeting
guys thank you for watching my videos
and by the way we appreciate every
single bit of support that you guys send
us through Twitter we were just oh my
god I just I sent out a tweet so I hope
you guys all saw I'm honestly so
thankful for you guys being so
supportive and saying how cute
everything was
it's just Sun anything we're going
through our notifications she was like
she was like oh my gosh everybody's so
sweet so thank you guys for your support
wait guys to close out this video one
taco did somebody order a taco taco I
didn't take the ear ah
if someone ordered a taco I see that
they're all separated so I have to fill
it room
my girlfriend got to work I swear
I'm sure I'm sure those crazy
