Brian I'm bout to start wish me luck
okay so what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka boo audience and what's
today today's Friday I hope you guys are
all having an amazing Friday for
everybody in school weekend's about to
start so I'm sure you guys are happy
everybody else
Friday's usually the best day of the
week so I hope you guys are enjoying
your Friday today's video I'm bringing
you guys something that I myself have
never done before I've never tried this
before and I will admit I'm pretty
nervous this for whatever reason I'm
extremely nervous to record this video
first of all this was not my idea I just
want to give a shout out to my boy
Ramsay or for help because he did this
video and he gave me the idea to do this
video so shout out to you Ramsay on a
side note I miss you in a meal so you
guys gotta come back down here soon I'm
sure a bunch of other youtubers have
done this before I didn't make this
video up I'm not stealing anybody's idea
I know this group of guys any l.k do
these types of videos so today I'm going
to be calling in sick to places that I
don't even work at so this should be a
funny video I'm gonna call a few places
and just pretty much give them reasons
why I can't show up to work and I don't
even work there I'm hoping you guys
enjoyed this video if you think you're
gonna enjoy the video drop a life if you
want to wait till the end of this video
to judge me then you can drop a like
after that let's get started first place
I'm gonna call guys wait I am so nervous
I'm not gonna lie even though this is it
face to face and this is just over the
phone you would think oh it's easy who
cares it's just over the phone no I'm
not gonna lie I am extremely nervous to
do this even though I'm not doing this
face to face it's still extremely
nerve-wracking first I'm going to be
calling McDonald's okay and I'm gonna go
with the name mmm let's go with Frank
Frank is sick and can't make it into
work today
oh by the way guys I did get a new phone
people who watch my videos know my last
one was broken just just just broken so
I got a new phone yesterday
iPhone 7 jet black finally my first new
phone in almost three years Brian I'm so
nervous
okay Brian I'm not a call
hmm headwaters so disgusting I swear
Arrowhead water tastes like breath like
that breath
I'll tell me if I can speak with a
manager really quick um well my name is
Frank I just got hired recently about a
week ago and I have a ship yeah I just
got hired there and I have a shift
tomorrow morning unfortunately I'm not
gonna be able to make it in I'm not sure
if that's okay with you guys or well I
just feel really really sick it's Frank
Frank uh-huh my shift honestly I'd be
lying to you if I told you I knew it I
just got hired I'm not exactly sure what
time I was supposed to work whoa okay
you seem like a cool guy so do you mind
if I tell you the real reason I'm not
gonna show up yeah
a bunch of my friends invited me to go
to a strip club and I just don't want to
be a but a bunch of my friends invited
me to go to a strip club and I don't
want to be that guy who doesn't show up
just because I worried you know yeah but
but if you're gonna tell me I think so
really I mean but it's very long oh hey
do you want to come through okay but can
you if you're gonna tell the boss can
you not tell us all right bro your if
you want if you want to come through
I'll give you my number you could come
too
I appreciate you doing this thank you Oh
even if we tell that I'm sick oh yeah no
I don't do this often but it's a strip
club winning yeah
all right man thank you though yeah you
too Brian
holy shit okay Brian that was extremely
out why am I so nervous this isn't even
face-to-face boy first of all that was
rude I invite him to go gesture with me
he didn't want to show up so hopefully I
get used to this because it's I'm very
nervous
subway we could do a subway call right
now my name is Devin today for a subway
shout-out Devin Booker that's why my
name is Devin if you drink Arrowhead
water I don't trust you
I'm hi I was wondering if I can please
speak with a manager hey um my name is
Devin I just got hired there a couple of
days ago and I had a shift tomorrow and
I don't I don't think I'm gonna be able
to make it I just wanted to call to give
a little heads-up uh-huh well I'm caught
is she like the boss or the schedule
maker
um is it is it fine if you pass the
message to her because I'm kind of
scared to talk to her myself
what if you knew the reason why I'm
calling out then I don't think I should
be talking to her myself that's all I'd
rather have someone pass the message for
me do you write yeah well I mean if you
want to know the reason just so you know
why they want to tell her then if you
want to know cuz I just turned 18 years
old and you only have to be 18 to go to
a strip club so a group of my friends
invited me to go to a strip club and I
just want to be that guy who doesn't
show up because I have work you know
well no no well I don't want to tell her
that I want someone to tell you that I'm
safe that's why I want to get through to
somebody else just to tell her for me
cuz I'm not a good lawyer oh well I
don't know I was hoping you were okay
it's just it's a bad look for you okay
I'll tell her that you're not gonna make
it tomorrow because you're nuts you're
sick
are you sure are you sure you're not
gonna tell on me well you seem like
honestly a really cool person so if you
want to come through tomorrow you could
come through it's just me and the guys I
appreciate you not telling on me so if
you want to come through have some fun
you could come too
no thank you oh no you're welcome
and what's her name sorry my name is
Devin Devin Booker yeah this was gonna
be my first day that's why it's a really
bad look so I don't want to call myself
but you know what it'll look better if
you call than me telling you why I
thought you were good I thought you said
you're gonna sell it what I'm saying is
it's gonna it's going to sound better
coming from you today I am so nervous
you don't understand like I am NOT a
good liar I've been caught in so many
lives with my parents ever since I was a
kid and I just hear how about this you
think I should just show up to work and
not go to the strip club because that
could be really happy on your first day
you know starting no matter what you do
but imagine I'm making a sandwich for
someone and the whole time going through
my head I'm just like damn I could have
been at the strip club right now and I'm
just I don't think I'm here yeah but
with all my boys uh I just feel like if
I'm there at work I'm not going to be
putting my full effort into making
people sandwiches and I don't want to by
doea do okay fine I'll do that myself
but it might sound like I'm a really bad
person just from our first talk but I'm
actually a really good kid so when I do
meet you whenever that may be I want you
to think I'm a bad person
okay okay I'll let you always uh know
I'll find it thank you though I'll let
you know how it goes my first single
would okay thank you are you such a good
liar
I don't know imagine what my mom wants
you to do she's gonna be like how many
times does he lied to me shoutout Jackie
my girlfriend now she knows how good of
a liar I am no I'm just joking Brian I'm
gonna call Vaughn's Vaughn's grocery so
for those people who don't know for this
one guys my name is Eric
guys this bothers me so much I have like
OCD when one of them is this way and the
others this way one moment please
thank you hey um my name is Eric and I
just got hired there a couple of days
ago I had a shift later tonight and
unfortunately I don't think I'm going to
be able to make it tonight so um there's
one by rubio's and Taco Bell and
McDonald's and jack-in-the-box yeah
that's on I always go to buy didn't want
to work there cuz all my friends go
there okay thank you we are being
transferred hey um I actually just got
hired there a couple of days ago my name
is Eric
I had a shift later tonight I don't
think I'm going to be able to make it so
I just wanted to call in call out oh
yeah Eric I got hired into the produce
department just a couple days ago I
haven't worked a day yet so if this is
your first day at work yeah I was
telling you the fun another job because
your first day at work well trust me I
was trying to find any way I could to
make it in but if you want to know why I
can't make it in it's I mean work well
what would you do if this girl has an
open house and she invited me to go to
her house i what do you want me I don't
want to be that guy who says oh no
because I have work it's it's just not
really a good look on my end for the
girl
Oh Eric you said the girl has an open
house the girls bought herself parents
out of town and she asked me to go over
and I have work but I mean again this is
not the job for you I I mean what would
you do I it's been so long I haven't you
know I don't want even my personal
record I'm just sick and tired of my
right hand it's been you know I don't
want to get too personal but it's been
so long and my right hand I don't know
yeah okay Oh actually you talked some
sense into me so I'll show up I'll show
up okay no thank you thank you
okay guys who knows fucking scary that
one was actually scary okay hahaha it
was actually getting mad you the Eric
Eric no I can't do that okay we'll do
one more we will do one more guys I feel
really bad doing this because what if
these people are really busy I don't
want to be interfering with their work
time we'll call one more sort hold on
okay last one we're gonna be calling
Taco Bell which name should I go with
now you know what I'm Brandon that's
that's why I am I'm Brandon today
well every day by the way I'm here I'll
just wondering can I please speak with a
manager oh um well my name is Ben and I
just got hired there a couple of days
ago and I had a shift later tonight
Brandon yeah um well I haven't worked
yet this was gonna be my first day so
maybe I'm not on the schedule or
ya know I got hired maybe that's weird
and so so I don't have a job right now
that's why I'm asking am i unemployed or
oh but I was on vacation so only thing
it was supposed to be my first day back
I just came back from Ecuador okay guys
so that didn't go as planned I had a
feeling that would happen once this
video started but I went three straight
places where that day happened so I kind
of forgot about that but you figured out
what happened somewhere so we'll go back
to Subway cuz she was so nice at Subway
there's a different subway though so
hopefully they're just nice every subway
you know well there's actually my first
day it was supposed to be my first day
so I don't really have anybody's phone
number or anything
Laoghaire let's try one last subway if
this doesn't work out guys I'm have to
end the video hey um my name is Brandon
and I actually just got hired there I
had a shift to come to later tonight but
unfortunately I don't think I'm going to
be able to make it so I was just trying
to call in well
Oh honestly well I think honestly that's
perfect cuz I don't I don't really want
to talk to a manager like personally
because I'm kind of scared so I was
hoping one of you guys could pass over
the message my name is Brandon yeah I
just don't want to speak with a manager
personally because the reason I'm
calling out is kind of like it's not
really professional so I wonder if you
guys can kind of like I don't want to
stay alive but just like cover like just
say that I'm sick maybe
what was it what time was this shit it
was at five or six it was a later shift
them okay are you sure you're not gonna
tell on me for the reason it's just like
one of these girls that I know has an
open house no parents no nothing and
it's just gonna be us and you know you
usually what happens when you know I
don't want to get too personal but like
you know the bad things that happened
well not really bad but like the the
good things that happen so I don't want
to be that guy who oh I'm sorry I have
work I can't come to your open house and
you know not be able to do the bad
things okay thank you
she left I'm gonna call that person back
because I just want to make sure she's
not gonna tell on Brandon guys imagine
if there's really a Brandon that works
there and he this is you know what that
this is a funny video but I feel really
bad doing it so I don't know at least I
know I have a heart my lips are
literally the shape of the McDonald's
McDonald's logo why hi Yesenia I just I
just called I'm the one who was not
gonna be able to make it into work
tonight member um I just want to get two
things clear one I'm not I'm really not
a bad person because eventually when I
go to so we're gonna have to me and I
don't want you to think I'm a bad person
just because of this um like you know is
that you already think I'm a bad person
or okay and then the second thing yeah
you shouldn't think I'm a bad person
because if you were in my position a
girl invites me over to her house I've
been I don't wanna because this is very
personal but I've been driving for a
really really long time so I'm not gonna
turn this opportunity down I just have
to I want to say house because I'm not
desperate obviously by any means but
like you know what I mean life you know
I don't want you to think that I'm that
person er like I'm a man-whore or
anything it's just like my my right hand
is it can't do all the work you gotta
have you gotta have some fun I'm 21
years old and
but we're cool don't know like it's not
awkward when we meet or anything I mean
hard feeling
we work at the same store so eventually
gonna cross okay thank you and not not
telling me right not telling me right
okay thank you I'm done with this video
guys I have done this video was this
video was extremely nerve-wracking
I don't even want to check under cuz I'm
probably no you know what I'm probably
sweating under my armpits I don't know
if you could see or if I could see but
I'm probably sweating a little bit
this was nerve-wracking all you
youtubers who have done this video
Ramsay you shout out to you guys because
even though you're not face to face with
these employees it still it still takes
a lot of guts
so anyways first of all shout out to my
girlfriend for buying me this jacket I
love it it looks nice she surprised me
with the jacket shoutout to Verizon I
needed a new phone if you guys have been
watching my videos my old phone was so
broken that I finally got a new phone so
shout out Verizon shout-out to you guys
for watching this video I really do hope
you guys enjoyed you know I usually do
vlogs challenges pranks or some reaction
videos I have never done a video like
this I tried my best to make these long
conversations and funny and no matter
how awkward they got I tried to keep
them going so that you guys can enjoy
this video more so I hope I did a good
job with that instead of ending the
conversation early so drop a like if you
guys enjoyed this video drop a like if
you want to see more of these types of
videos I feel bad what if they're okay I
do feel bad though um I hope you guys
enjoyed it thank you for watching and
it's Friday so go enjoy your weekend be
safe have fun and once again thank you
for watching this video I love you guys
all
