hey what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka virata's and I'm here with away
you actually you could see her I was
gonna say you can't see her but if you
look in the mirror I'm here with my
girlfriend Jackie I have something to
tell you guys today I actually was
planning to take a day off I was
planning not to upload because I've
uploaded every single day I think in the
whole month of November 30 days I only
took one day off and that's maybe I
might have went the whole month without
taking any days off but from what I
remember I think I might have taken just
one day off I've just been kind of like
extremely exhausted between school the
James uploading filming I've been
extremely exhausted so I was gonna take
one day off I promised my girlfriend
I'll take a day off so I wasn't gonna
upload today but there was a Phoenix
Suns game on TV I've been getting a lot
of tweets from people saying you know
hey you haven't done a reaction to a
Phoenix Suns game in a long time we miss
those so I decided yes I was gonna take
a day off today but I'll just do a
reaction to the Phoenix Suns game so I
apologize if you're not a basketball fan
if you don't if you don't like when I do
reaction videos to basketball games I
apologize because there are some people
who don't like those and they don't
appreciate those some people only sub to
me for vlogs and pranks and challenges
so I do apologize I'm sorry but at the
same time I wasn't even going to upload
today so at least I'm getting this video
up one last time I do apologize if you
don't like my reaction videos if you do
like my reaction videos to the Sun Games
shout out to you guys all you people who
were tweeting to me for the past I don't
know a week or two because I haven't
done a reaction to a song game in so
long and people tweet to me constantly
I'm doing this for you guys so shout out
to you guys once again I wasn't supposed
to upload today but I am gonna do it for
you guys so I hope you enjoyed this
video if you don't like my basketball
reaction videos and you're not gonna
enjoy this video I apologize I promise
back to regular vlogs and challenges and
all those fun videos starting my next
video today was just I haven't done some
of the action video in a long time and I
feel like a lot of people miss those and
I think my day off I don't know it's up
to the girlfriend you got it as a
boyfriend you gotta listen to the
girlfriend so when is the day off coming
yes okay so she wants me to take a day
off this weekend and as a boyfriend all
boyfriends that watch my videos no you
got to listen to the girlfriend so if I
upload every single day of the month but
take one day off I don't think that
should be a problem so I might be taking
a day off this weekend honestly I don't
think I've taken the day off in all of
November I've busted my ass off I've
tried really really hard to produce some
good content so I hope you guys have
been enjoying my videos between college
the jam you know playing basketball and
I try to make my schedule work but
sometimes it gets really hard whether
that's like I said editing in the middle
of the night losing sleep waking up
really really early before my college
class I know that's not the healthiest
thing for my body but you gotta do what
you gotta do and here goes the Phoenix
on reaction video whoa whoa whoa what do
you know get that board get that board
get that board ugly a fat ass oh that's
my ball that's our ball that's our ball
that's our ball
oh shit hard always injured guys what do
you know another close Suns game Tim
Hardaway jr. the Suns are up by three
with two minutes and 57 seconds
my god Dudley yeah he looks extra chunky
with that t-shirt Jersey on yeah I know
guys look at the jerseys the sons are
wearing Jackie got me Eric Bledsoe one
for my birthday look let's oh I know
he's having actually a really bad game
which is surprising cuz his last game
you have 35 points yeah Dudley who
usually is already like a little chunky
a little chubby he looks extra chubby
today look at him look
Thanksgiving but Thanksgiving turkey
okay guys anyways okay well my camera
died and I just turned it back on and
the Hawks scored so Oh blood so what so
coming up clutch right after I said he
was having one of his bad game so the
sons are up by three with two and a half
minutes
oh they win I'm wearing the shirt
fucking just I'm gonna share for the
next week oh no oh no guys so yeah
another closed circuit what a surprise
aka I'm being sarcastic that is not a
surprise fuck how is every single game
so close my heart can't take this
anymore I'm sorry my heart cannot take
this anymore I understand you playing a
lot of close games but to have
everything
one close 9895 two minutes and 15
seconds left
Kent Bazemore at the line 17
motherfucking points please miss these
free throws
let's see fuck Oh guys holy shit
this is too many close games I swear
listen Booker has to close this game out
for us he's not having his best game of
the season but he has to come up clutch
two minutes left Suns are up by one
first of all we were up by 10 just a
couple minutes ago so this is bullshit
that were even in this position Bledsoe
driving it blood-soaked to the rack no
foul club fuck you Rex target Jennifer
lasya toxic gentleman had 27 rebounds
against the Hogs so I guess it's his
good luck team to play against renu-it
there's under two minutes left review
review review review review review like
this look this is shot clock this is
travel Wow
Oh Doc Rivers fucking oh my god Doc
Rivers what crazy dog curving doctor
mrs. meets the sun's loose if the Sun
blues I'm gonna go doc rivers all you
clipper fans know what I'm talking about
because when the Clippers lost to
Brooklyn look that's me oh they're
reviewing it so the sun's are gonna get
the ball back so let me just give you
some news from around the league today
while we're on break
Russell Westbrook another triple-double
that man is not human that man is not
human so uh he got another triple-double
his ninth of the season four in a row
hats off to Russell Westbrook
karl-anthony towns funk 47 points 18
rebounds fuck Brian because I played
Brian and FanDuel and he had
karl-anthony towns so there's no way I'm
winning that but karl-anthony towns is a
beast in my opinion one day I'm not
saying right now obviously but one day
karl-anthony towns will be the best
player in the league at one point in his
career mark my words karl-anthony towns
will be the best player in the league
I'll shout out Carmel well he came up
club for the game-winner after the
Knicks almost gave the game away Suns
ball up my three a minute 45 left let's
get this way because I'm sick and tired
of these heartbreaks I know a letdown
yeah
oh let's I wanted to pull that OH
Booker floor on the shot clock Booker
Booker step back yeah I told you guys I
was gonna come up clutch one stop one
stop Phoenix we're up five with a minute
twenty all we need is one stop shout out
Allen Williams who follow me on Twitter
shoutout follow me on Twitter the other
day actually a shout out Allen Williams
well again it's motherfuckers shooter
he's having one of his best games of the
season
today we're mad we met him no yeah we
met Dennis shooter you know I talked to
him at some early and I asked him to be
my vlog he didn't want to yeah that's
weird about that he said we could take a
picture but he didn't want to be in the
vlog but he would give it back to Booker
Oh blood wants to go up with it he has
to go up toku with the offense we got
get it back out no yeah
fuck are you fucking idiot there was 47
seconds left he tried to go up with it
oh my god okay if the son score here the
sons needs to score here look am I in
the fucking game what so after having
his last game 35 points 6 rebounds 6
assists 2 steals today he was happy I
don't want to say a terrible game but
not a good game but way to come up
clucks human Booker they weren't having
good games earlier they both came up
clutch in the fourth quarter that's all
we need that's what we need wait can't
take this I have some sweets
oh yeah I wear that I wear this one
backwards because I like to wear blood
so across my chest hey listen everybody
knows I'm not a big Brandon Knight fan I
want Brandon Knight traded so they're
just paying way too much money to be
averaging on the averages and he just
doesn't fit this team but I believe in
give respect where respect is due and
bring the Knights having actually a
pretty good game tonight
let me check exactly what a SATs are for
tonight he's having his best game of the
season tonight if only you played like
this every night Suns fans would not
hate him when the Suns traded for him
two years ago this is how they wanted
him to play every night this is what
they envisioned he would be like every
night Brandon Knight has to be more
consistent maybe if you played like this
all the more consistent basis
nobody would hate on him in the Sun
wouldn't be trying to trade him cuz
right now he is on the trade blog I
don't know which teams are gonna take
him but the Suns have put him on the
trade guys wait no sure Brandon Knight
has 21 points and five rebounds off the
bench not bad who does Barbosa look like
she says Barbosa looks exactly like
Usher which he does raise the crowd
Phoenix Suns win himself the sixth time
this season Phoenix Suns logic we lose
to Minnesota a non playoff team we lose
to Denver a non playoff team and then we
come and beat Atlanta who was a playoff
team in the east
how Phoenix Suns logic doesn't make
sense he's out for at least a couple
more weeks the go D book but soon to be
goat not yet TJ we miss you TJ guys he
has a head injury so he's been out for a
week and he's still gonna be out for a
couple more weeks but
miss him he was averaging over 17 points
a game for us Booker splash okay guys so
the Phoenix Suns win oh shit zoomed in
look at me the Suns are now away soom
did more the Suns are now six wins 13
losses I know I'm not too happy with
that but what can you do we've gone off
to a really really bad start guys look
at my look look at my bad luck so every
time I want the Suns to wane like
obviously when the season started
outside come on let's win let's make the
playoffs we'd fucking lose we got off to
a terrible start and then after we got
off to a terrible start I start looking
at MBA mock drafts I start watching some
college basketball highlights and I'm
like oh maybe the Sun should start
losing some games because I want a
really high draft pick in the draft
mark Hill folds Josh Jackson Harry Giles
Lonzo ball you know my goal they would
look in the Phoenix Suns uniform so I'm
like okay maybe we should start losing
some games boom we wait when I want us
to win we lose what I want us to lose we
win but I'll always take away not always
be happy with a victory Phoenix Suns win
today Bledsoe and Booker came up clutch
those are our two best players so you've
got to come out clutch guys let me just
get this straight because people confuse
it Devin Booker is going to be the best
player on the Phoenix Suns he is going
to be in the future however right now
currently this season last season Eric
Bledsoe is the best player on the
Phoenix Suns
so yes Devin Booker gets the most hype
because he is going to be really really
good he's going to be an all-star he's
going to be a very good player and he is
going to be the best player on the
Phoenix Suns very soon but don't get it
twisted Eric Bledsoe it's currently the
Phoenix Suns best player and it's not
even close it is not even close
everybody knows the best one on the
Phoenix Suns and a lot of people get it
mistaken by Devin Booker is the best
player on the Suns but that's just cuz
he gets a lot of hype he's averaging 20
points a game 5 rebounds 5 assists
there's all these other players in the
league who averaged that LeBron
Westbrook Harden Yanis and Kyle Lowry so
the Suns win by 2 points another close
game and the Phoenix Suns actually won
so yeah guys this Phoenix Suns season
has not been the best season for me to
watch but you got to stay positive it's
so early they've only played 19 games
and there's 82 games in the season so
I'm not saying we're gonna win the
championship I'm not even saying we're
gonna make the playoffs but there is
time to turn it around
we've had some injuries like I said TJ
Warren who is arguably our second best
player if not our third has missed a lot
of games Brandon Knight has gone off to
a really bad start but he showed tonight
what he could be maybe if he was more
fucking consistent then we would be a
better team this is what the Suns
brought it kills me it killed me because
us Suns fans and the Phoenix Suns know
what he could be I just don't get why
he's so inconsistent if he played like
this every night we would be so much of
a better team but for some reason he
doesn't he's just not a consistent
player there's still hope this season
you cross your fingers but honestly me
myself I'm not expecting anything when
people tweet me or when people tell me
oh I thought you said the songs were
gonna be good this year
no I didn't I love the sun's I'm a huge
Phoenix Suns fan but I never said there
would be a good team I knew we weren't
gonna win the championship I knew we're
probably not gonna make the playoffs I
know and Bailey press please shout out
to all you Atlanta Hawks fans were
tweeting me before the game saying that
the Hawks are gonna beat the Suns I
appreciate you guys on the Lakers did
beat the Bulls tonight honestly guys
here I'm a good credit if the season
ended today Luke was going to the game
you can't argue that Luke Juan would win
coach of the year if the season ended
today it's still early but he's the
favorite for coach of the year right now
shoutout to you or your fans know the
words in play today but you guys are 16
and 2 so fucking enjoy this season this
isn't even basketball this is football
but I don't care I'm happy right now
shoutout Raider fans shout out cowboy
fans because your teams are having
surprising seasons and enjoy the season
shout out Patriot fans because you guys
are never fucking bad for whatever
reason you guys are like the Spurs of
the NFL shout out the Cavs just for
wearing the title last week leave a like
if you guys did leave a like for the
Phoenix Suns winning thumbs up for the
Phoenix Suns finally winning a game if
you're Atlanta Hawks fan fine you don't
have to leave a thumbs up but if you
still want to leave a thumbs up and be a
good score then leave a thumbs up
open the door sugar what do you think if
they won I know where is Boswell come up
slowpoke
Godfather literally goes up the stairs
as slow as a snail
he's like a Rollie pollie look you'll
see his head pop up bodily the sun's one
woo do you like this um your new blanket
on your bed the sons one do you like it
oh you want to get on the couch and
watch the cars from the window go ugly
why can't you get up on your own why are
you so fat Jesus
imagine if Bosley was a dumbbell he
would literally be like 150 pound
dumbbells it would be so hard
Bosley the sons one and shout out yeah
mom he's on the couch ooh buzzer gets a
massage now that's how he was happy and
wanted to go on the couch okay Bosley
enjoy that I'm gonna go get a massage on
my own wait I forgot to shout out my
boys
well one boy one girl shout out Luna
shout Oliver I miss you guys thank you
so much for watching this video luna and
oliver if you're watching the suns one
so shout out to you guys luna oliver
luna if you're watching these we gotta
fix our relationship you've only let me
touch you one time you always run away
from me it's not fair i want to attach
this beef so if you're watching this
next time i come over we're gonna talk
it out so remember that oliver I'm so
cool with you
but not really shout out to luden oliver
those are honestly my second and third
favorite pussies my first favorite is
obviously guys way before i get in bed
with my girlfriend please just look at
my socks I don't even know how this
happened but look why I Drive BMW i8 and
I wear fucking Rick socks and the same
t-shirt every single day and the same
basketball shorts I've had since I was a
senior in high school hey I stay true to
myself
never change doesn't matter what car you
drive doesn't matter where you live
never change you wear you wear rip socks
before you got the car
you stay wearing red socks yes I told my
fans and I told myself that no matter
what happens in life I'll never change
say true to myself guys a lot of people
were wondering this a lot of people were
tweeting me yes I am going back to
Phoenix Arizona because I went to
Phoenix when was it last month and I was
only there for two days and when I did
the meet and greet in Phoenix I told all
my supporters that showed up everybody
that showed up all my subscribers now I
would be back but I didn't know when for
sure so I know I get tweeted by those
people almost every day you know hey you
promised you would be back when are you
coming back well I will be going back
and this time most likely I'll be going
with Jackie depending if she can get the
days off for work in different moments
ago I will be going back the first week
of January I'll probably spend New
Year's here with my family so I'll be
here in January first but on January 2nd
or January 3rd I'll be going to Phoenix
and I'll probably try to stay there for
more than two days too Sam who knows
maybe three four or five days so I'm
going to be going for sure on the first
week of January a lot of people were
asking me if that was gonna happen yes
it was not a lie I told you guys I'll be
going back and I'm gonna be going back
next month so if you're in Phoenix or
around that area I'll definitely be
doing another me angry hopefully this
time wait Jackie hopefully we can plan
like a huge basketball game with my
subscribers I feel like not only would
that be a really really fun video idea
but it would just be cool to just hang
out and play basketball with some of my
subscribers if I can get like an open
park or an open gym but I wasn't lying
to you guys I'll be back Phoenix I hope
you guys enjoyed this video I was
actually gonna take a day off today but
that was my plan because I've uploaded
what two or three weeks like three weeks
in a row without missing a day so I was
gonna take one day off today and just go
to the gym and spend it with my
girlfriend but the feeding son put me in
a close game so I decided that you know
what let me just get up get my reaction
for the game I'm taking a day off this
weekend okay guys whatever the
girlfriend says goes you can't as a
boyfriend all my boyfriend's
well not my boyfriend okay
but all my people out there that watch
my videos now our boyfriends you guys
know whatever the girl for
says you can't argue with it so if my
girlfriend wants me to take a day off
this weekend I think I deserve to take
one day off one day off a month if I
upload every single day of the month but
take one day off I don't think that
should be a problem so I might be taking
a day off this weekend I will be taking
I will be taking a day off this weekend
like I said I was gonna take one today
but the Phoenix Suns have a close game a
lot of people have been tweeting me are
you gonna be doing more Phoenix Suns
reactions and honestly I've been getting
so pissed off at the recent some games
that we've been losing that I haven't
even wanted to upload the reaction hope
you guys enjoyed there's a lot of people
are gonna comment we want a blog where
you know we want blah blah blah not a
Phoenix Suns reaction video but hey I
was supposed to upload nothing today so
at least I'm putting something out I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I promise
you back to a regular vlog or a regular
video I apologize if you're not a
basketball fan but I just decided to
upload this one time for all you people
who were asking me bro we missed your
reaction videos here it goes and thank
you guys so much for watching I love you
guys and I'm not only this happened
because the Phoenix ones woman I'm
always this happy so I do know a lot of
Spanish on pinche puto pendejo pinche
puto
grande Pete OH buenos noches Bonita do
you know what that means do you know
this means Bosley is pinche gordito te
amo mucho and my good Spanish speaker oh
I know this one oh I remember this one
exit Spanish puedo ear al Bano do you
know what that means
hello puedo deer al Bano mean you passed
as I think my girlfriend has came down
with this disease it's actually very
common in the US and is very scary it's
called the koala bear disease and it
means you sleep for a really long time
and you never wake up si Caro Bosa
it means I want a kiss koala bear wake
up
am I the most annoying person to sleep
with hey hey hey don't make me play
Fetty WAP because I will Fetty WAP
deluxe you want water say stay puedo ear
all agua say karo aqua what is it no
it's yo Kirra agua oh I hate my phone
sorry babe it's not working I'm so
stubborn I do now buy a new phone when I
really should just cuz I know I need a
new phone that worked uh-huh good work
just cuz I know I need a new phone I
don't buy it purposely because I'm petty
are you sleeping how no you were snoring
louder
