I'm just going to keep this short and
simple tonight I'm gonna be facing my
biggest fears and no it's not seeing her
like this look I mean what the half make
up face you look like like the Indian
tribe leaders from the Native American
days you know guys I'm I'm facing my
biggest fear tonight that's it okay hold
up let's not get too crazy maybe not my
biggest fear in life but there's no
denying I am scared of this so maybe not
my biggest fear but this is scary to me
facing my biggest fear tonight that's it
and you're gonna see it later I'm gonna
keep it short and simple you'll see what
I'm talking about I hope you enjoyed
this video thanks for stopping by
there's gonna be we'll see how the video
is going to turn out we'll see you scary
than my face I don't think that could I
know it might be just too neat guys
thank you for stopping by this video and
if you like people facing fears then
you're gonna like today's video ah look
who's still using the makeup brushes I
bought her for her birthday to use I
know I'm sure cuz I honestly didn't know
what I was doing I just bought whatever
I saw guys in case you haven't checked
that video out the way I bought her the
brushes she was just looking at Amazon
and I peeked over her head I secretly
took pictures with my phone of what she
was looking at so imagine she was laying
down and just looking at Amazon just for
fun and she didn't know I snuck up
behind her and I pretended to be giving
her a back road like a back massage but
she didn't know I had my phone out so I
was secretly taking pictures and I was
so scared she was gonna see me so all
the pictures came out really blurry but
then eventually I was sooo mning into
them and I got what the items were so I
bought her what she was looking at on
Amazon for her birthday I surprised her
she had no idea I'm sure a lot of people
have seen that video if you haven't you
could check it out I surprised her at
midnight at her house and I showed her
all the gifts
I come across this Fatiha
what is this can you explain please I
don't know that's how long I haven't
been here I haven't been here in so long
I didn't even remember that they had a
cat where's Luna Brian sky where's Luna
under the bed a no way
Wei Brian have you ever seen her I've
never seen Luna oh my god where wait
you've Walia did she scratch well she's
right there hey just a ridge I said that
she bit Janu today wait she bites - yeah
I know some cats are actually wound up
tell me how you remember feel guys okay
did you vlog yeah that's enough for Luna
where Y she here alone guys cats
computers uh Luther I don't know guys
cats are kind of scary to me Gus Luna
escaped
listen she was under Jessica's bed we
got her ran away this was my first time
I ever saw her
her tail is so long Jess I'm not closing
the door I need to run if she makes it
attack on me she's long Jess I saw how
she scratched Junior I'll be I'll keep
my distance gosh she ran in here so fast
and her tail was so big it was literally
so long
Jess how tall is she like 6 400 Tavia
have you touched her so she could get on
top this bag my bag
why no way why can't both we jump that
way how old is she like not even a year
yet oh so she hasn't even entered her
prize okay
just pin girl I'm done with Luna guys
now guys we're paying a visit to Luna
reg where's Luna
oh wait and they got another cat what's
this bitch's name Oliver guys I'm so
scared of cats when I came here last
time I did not see Luna I did not go
near Luna I didn't touch her and now
they have two two cats Khaldun count
them two marshmallows
wait just a-- so does Luna attack like
the she rush which way a job where she
takes the job wait Caleb yeah yeah we're
Jess wait why didn't she bark at me like
Bosley wood lawn hold on hold on nobody
make a sudden movement think about it
these are in the same family as tigers
and lions
luna luna you want to go for a walk
wait do cats go on walks yeah right or
no oh they just walk by themselves huh
how do cats go like know where they live
every time wait watch run back you
scared are you dumbass oh my god she's
gonna think I'm the one who yelled guys
I just I don't I'm not scared of cats
but like they just scratch and I don't
want to be scratched I when I argue a
jack and she scratches me no and you
know when we get knotty I get scratched
wait hold on let's let's get a good
angle where is she
Jay wait don't put it down oh wait a guy
wait the one that you really what Jenna
did you just flirt with my girlfriend oh
well you watch that Janu I don't want
you to throw her hold on
so how old is he not like a not even a
month old
okay does he scratch already I know yeah
wicked ones the fan we met the other day
that's junior junior went on a diet
right there well I need to watch my back
cuz Lunas under the table Jay wait you
know you guys look what Luna did to him
let's see it what the scratch oh this oh
it's kind of gone
cats but I like if you go up how come uh
she's not like Bosley like any time my
cast but I like why though so self I pet
oh she came she came wait she is like
Bosley look Luna
no come here look you can thought she's
unhappy look hurts yet wait hurt hurt it
she's actually taught her tells big-wave
Brennan has never seen one Freddie
well she's in the dark she's in the dark
I can't see her where where is she wha
where Jess she's huh what you can't see
her you can't see her why don't you turn
her locations on wait Jenna so right now
if you killed Luna then she could still
live eight more lives
Roger yeah buddy oh my god look the
pussy on the I don't know Chiquito yes
fuck Heelan you see why can't Luna be
like that
hey stop flirting with him you guys look
Jessica he tried to attack me
no tell tell the vlog what he just did
no exactly I will say down Rajani went
like this to me
Raja it is not okay Oh guys look
he's like Puss in Boots Puss in Boots
from Shrek oh it is freaking please oh
my gosh Jessica the last time Bosley
played was like in 2002 left mommy plays
for me we might look sexy but a mess if
you're lucky okay we can't do that for
Bob because of his fat jr. where's the
bitch Luna can you get her out on no I
want to make friends with Luna I've had
enough of our beef get over kukuku
good boy good boy go go I owe you on the
couch guys watch let's see if it attacks
me again he not coming all cats are
girls come in I know that's how I was
stuck calling him a girl to shake it I
can't loot is gonna come from her no
Munna does not play with toys oh hey
guys a jump on you yeah put in the
middle of your ladder if you square he
won't do they like what interested him
ya know like touch anything on him god
no okay good Hey look look how tall you
get I hope it he gets fun pick him up
pick him up tonight I want it to be a
put him in your lives I so rolled it
easy
it's like handling a venomous snake oh
my god
jump jump jump brain is actually you
know funny I don't know how your camera
hasn't died yet
so Brennan has the nerves out you could
touch her was the like warm her up first
what side should I fetch Assoc doesn't
attack inside let me smell you four is
ago that's when they corner how are the
paws did you tie the paws oh she really
doesn't buy a swear no I just touch her
now
touch her her back Stern why'd you laugh
I heard you guys turned
okay to end I'm right
Richard you're going I want to go to the
gym to Pinto and go okay here here no ma
food your food
I understand even snakes feel good - but
you can't touch everything from the bag
yes a lot from the front well it'll be
easier for you so you're not so scared
nobody gives me that God you Bluff Iago
they won't give them any turn she's
watching the thing inside go hurry
Jane gold all in my chain go all in my
way Brennan
I guess this is why I was laughing ready
I tried to set you up for failure
Jessica you dumbass I set you up for
failure you touched him yeah when she
smells and that's what she does
rajesh she's sniffing nothing come on
no she's camera shy Luna no cats are
really good people like they're very
nice and they're generous and they have
good hearts there's no reason to be
scared of cats guys Lunas a really good
girl and so doll there's a good guy
there you go can't I just be Fred they
live long healthy lives and well okay
what hope she even yeah let's get Lunada
depression because they just bought the
other house so they're gonna what he is
so they need to get used to each other
now and Luna look a beautiful color what
is this color mosaic is a ik she's like
the tile mosaic tile and what color
would you describe Oliver is probably
ash brown maybe with white freakin white
and gray with you oh I think I gotta
look at all too scared cuz Luna guys I'm
bout a bus junior he's flirting with my
girl what are you doing what are you
doing no no I caught you are we gonna
have a problem Jin you do know I'm
starving I just had my game I need to
eat yeah I'm starving well what a
surprise Jackie's hungry but um you guys
are so mean to Luna Luna come here oh
he's going to Luna yeah Jess I know look
Luna staring down Luna number two look
look Luna Luna two Lunas Jess can you I
feel bad for that Luna can you bring her
inside the house Rajesh you look sad
here let's go keep her company Luna Luna
Luna come on it's Christmas time no
don't arch your head you're not a snake
okay guys can we get back up in here
I'm serious Luda okay I just need backup
like bringa you know when you the tongs
when you're about to deal the snake
okay Luna yeah give me the toy what's
the other one's name Oliver let let
Oliver look Oliver is happy we want both
of them happy I feel bad for Buddha yeah
red eye you need to keep her out of her
depression guys Luna is she's very sad
because they have another cat now Luna
used to be the only one so she's
undergoing the change right now
hopefully she can get over this
depression right yeah if if she doesn't
get over the depression can you give
Oliver away because I feel bad for Luna
Luna was day one Luna please no lute up
you want to go to the gym and play
basketball where's the pendejo
they're good names no Oliver here now
right that's how balls we listen I want
him to sit next to me yeah yeah just
don't let me gonna wait I'm gonna wait
come on doll the mood away oh he's with
you oh he wants the ball see he's a
ballplayer see this one's great Hey oh
my god not bad I thought it was like a
tennis ball Oh Jess you should uh put
him in the like the tournaments you have
the dogs yeah get it Oliver what's what
is this Oliver like his real name is
mitchel Musso ha ha no mucho mucho like
Oliver from Hannah Montana rajak can you
bring Luna I feel bad for her Oh
easy easy easy he's not a rat no he's
gonna shit waiting at shit hold on let
him smell hold on mama don't jump don't
jump no no it's gonna hurt himself the
same way reg ad can you please explain
something to the vlog so in the comment
section of the Thanksgiving blog key
that what they were Alba Mara they were
saying why does um mama rock sister look
exactly like her and her husband looks
exactly like Papa rug my mom and Raja
are sisters and my dad and heck might
switch is her husband are brothers so
picture this imagine a pair of brothers
marrying a pair of sisters I know it
sounds weird and confusing at first but
it's actually not weird here's an
example my job because Jackie has a
young
sister so picture me and Brian marrying
Jackie and her sister so I'll make
jockey and Brian will marry her sister
that's how it is so Jessica is actually
my cousin from both sides of the family
so you know how you have all is that
your cousin from your mom's side or your
dad's side our cousins are actually from
both sides I think that's why me and
Jessica look so much alike because I
kept saying oh this is mama rooks sister
and they kept saying if that's mama Rock
sister why does her husband look exactly
like your dad like my dad and her
husband are brothers and my mom and her
are sisters so that's how it is no like
I said it sounds confusing but it's just
like me if I married you and Brian
married Nicki up here okay I know Nicki
would other culture but a pair of
brothers marrying a pair of sisters guys
Luna is giving me the stare of death
this is why I love Middle Eastern
families and their house is the snack
cabinet I'm what Roger get out what the
hell Luna Luna Luna stay don't move good
girl ROG okay what the heck why did she
do that isn't this your favorite part
about Middle Eastern houses the snack
cabinet this is how you know Middle
Eastern families are so loaded on snacks
Jessica said this is a downgrade look at
this that we're Jessica this is
everything
knockout home mod relieve me Jamie
Oliver no no hey don't do that
no like Rice Krispies net protein bars
Jessica's anymore with Jackie's but
that's all she's been talking about well
look how big it is how can you yeah
trust me I know it's not that big it's
just really nicely shaped it's round
round it's a bubble but it's to hit Luna
no draw lines on paper is Jackie wait
let's go visit Junior Humpty Dumpty head
you want to visit junior not the cats is
it uh Jackie's head Humpty Dumpty egg
I'm serious isn't it
what her head like that but out at my
favorite hairstyle for her I swear the
joystick I just love it I'm serious
we cannot put it down because it's so
long and I hate like I have to straight
hair curly and my second favorite
hairstyle from her is straightened and
parted down the middle oh yeah let's go
visit jr. Oliver I'm not scared what did
I do
redjac Oliver reminds me of the kids at
the mall you know how there's a train at
the mall like all was right around when
I see the kids at the mall called and
hatoful a high and they all start crying
no thank you a jet fly guys that does
look good but like I try to be nice and
make Oakley to their parents I don't
know how's the scale I just try to be
nice
wait I don't know where Oliver is I
don't want to step on him oh he's right
here he's eating right John he's eating
Lunas food that's not fair that is not
right did you talk to Luna like her
she's scary I don't know wait Red John
he's eating Lunas food hey wait where's
Oliver US food there's no that's foul
Oliver you can't do that that's just not
fair redjac
excuse me I'm going up with my shoes
don't kill me this is Oliver's food he's
just being petty eating Lunas food Jerry
oh that tissue box is in a good position
right right next to you what do you want
this is where you touch - it was on my
continual change so I'm here to ask you
what is your favorite video game and got
a lot of gamers on my channel what's
your favorite video game out right now
Mar warfare remastered oh you still play
minecraft no how are you doing in school
junior you better be doing good I swear
look junior is a good Junior is a really
good kid I'm serious ah I had my
basketball game today that video is not
Jeff that basketball game is not going
to be in this video
wait look please do not open my door I
have a small kitten aka Oliver in here
and Luna wants to attack dunno my door
so he doesn't leave and Luna does not
come in thank you leave my door closed
she's repeating herself so much I feel
like I'm the one who wrote this get it
cuz I repeat myself so much that is
petty you can't be eating your kitten
mates food
Oliver no guys this is not okay Luna has
real cat food
Oliver is supposed to eat the puppy food
because Oliver is still fucking puppy or
whatever the hell can whatever it's
called so these are different types of
food and he was eating the adult food
literally I said daddy dude these guys
look
Luna number two likes me look she's
literally saying the real name Oliver
and tell them he's a guy mitchel Musso
not a guy all cats are girl oh wait oh
no Charlotte oh wait how cute that mean
on him
look it's literally sleeping hey wait
why can't possibly be like this with me
this is a goals yeah pen and this is a
reason why I can't Lena here - I'm all
wound on my left side wait on the way
good ie Joey I jumped on this couch I
fucking jumped like a hundred yards and
oh he then jump he Lily's slit through
the couch away get it from your angle
Brandon imagine I dropped the camera
oh it's gold brie shh don't say that
what with your Nate I have to I can't
like normally wait should I do a taco to
here no no this is a taco wait babe let
me just fill the vlog with the taco is
they don't know guys like this is a taco
so you get any ah just
ow let me do it to you that I used to do
that did Jessica you are younger
sheesh you're waking up the cat do yours
okay yeah we go much Oh kinda hurt
there's a taco so you put all the
lettuce and me and then you go look at
this foot so pink okay it's going talk
she's trying to sleep he look great rich
I record which I wait do you hear guys I
want to be friends with Luna but wait
don't cover the top that's the
microphone where is that why if you were
covering the microphone hold on we know
is that when I record sometimes on my
camera that's why we do have a g7x
mm-hmm but Dad don't please don't bring
a guy matching up right now cuz I wanna
be happy you know I want to be sheesh
bitch don't talk he woke up Shh Bosley
sheesh ya know but right now I want to
be friends with Luna but why does it
guys I love this cat to think I couldn't
love another person should know she
didn't hear what I said
that's so cute I said I love another
person
hey yeah hey I love to actually I love 3
Luna this and why Luna what nothing like
you I know I look ok Oliver I can't take
the sails off nope me just don't leave
me don't leave me Jackie
maybe tomorrow first thing good don't
leave me Bosley already doesn't like hey
I saw you open your mouth she yawned
it's a game oh now you know we should do
a photo shoot me and Oliver you should
that would be funny look at me Jessica
engineer Roger oh my gosh homies forever
zoom into Mia Junior Jessica no Jess
were me and you twins yeah Jane I said
guys I swear my car's like my iPhone
every night when I get home before I go
to sleep Park it in the garage plug in
the charger and boom just like an iPhone
I swear it's so weird I'm actually still
getting comfortable the car like a lot
of people ask me all have you gone used
to it yeah honestly no it still hasn't
hit me like wow this is my car I still
don't believe it like I don't know guys
it's it's a really really weird feeling
but not like it's so overwhelming that
that this is actually my car guys look
what I'm watching I didn't get to watch
I only got to see the highlights but I
recorded the game so now I'm watching
the full game I haven't watched the full
game but from the highlights I read it
was a huge Clippers collapse which is
what I'm seeing right now and I saw dog
rivers go fucking crazy like he lost
himself and I would try to explain how
it looked like but honestly words cannot
even describe how crazy Doc Rivers went
so that's I saw all that in the
I have never ever seen an NBA head coach
so mad before I only saw the highlights
and I read some articles so I didn't get
to watch the game now I'm watching the
whole game because I had a recording Oh
Jeremy Lin looks stylish as fuck
but he needs to get on the court but no
guys I think like whoever saw Doc Rivers
do that live I honest and they're gonna
have nightmares about him for the rest
of their life holy shit how did the
Clippers lose this game I don't blame
Doc Rivers you know how did the Clippers
lose this game holy shit this game is
crazy it is insane this has to be one of
the best game oh Kilpatrick Oh offensive
foul
Kenny Mauer with the fucking call guys
Kilpatrick went off 20 points in the
fourth quarter are you kidding me I
think it's cuz Chris Paul went bald oh
yeah that was a foul oh my god Chris
Paul is at game time 3 the bald head
might be good luck pump splash one
second
oh gosh guys I was surrounded by some
nice calm peaceful skinny friendly cats
and I come home to this
Bosley literally sounds like if a car is
super super old and so you try to turn
the ignition on but it won't start so
goes no listen that is not normal
Bosley that is not normal buddy look
who's awake
ma Nagesh 1c why can't bother sleep in
my last come go good boy
I'm pissed that cat knew me for five
minutes five minutes and she she was
more friendly and more affectionate
towards me than Bosley has been ever and
I've known Bobby ever since she was a
fucking puppy look Bosley come here come
here come sleep in my lap and I'll give
you a kiss and I'll give you a hug and
everything and I'll pet you I was like
you know what no that's five and funny a
cat who just met me today she didn't
even fucking know who I was she had no
reason to trust me but she did and you I
feed you take you on walks pet you
freaking put your Phoenix unlock on your
bed while you sleep in my room
hey and you still won't come near me
well well well look who decided to come
sleep in my room oh wait on your cover
head it's pretty cold
sorry Bosley oh yeah go to sleep
I put the blanket under him but I also
covered him on top because it's really
cold for us tonight
they only miss you when you find
somebody else huh Bosley probably has me
on snapchat so he saw my snapchats with
the cat so he decided he wanted to sleep
in my Oh Bosley your little foot isn't
covered with the blanket no I should
keep you warm you know what they say
they only miss you when you find
somebody else he probably has me on
snapchat saw me with the cat so now he
wants me it'll miss you till you're gone
yeah Bosley you saw me go with the cat
so now you ought to automatically like
me I'm with a cat every single day
Bosley if you know what I mean guys
Bosley such a spoiled dog I swear what
kind of dog gets tucked in by a blanket
and also has a blanket under them look
how big his bed is father's only like
six foot two he doesn't need this big of
a bed
