she's getting the Cinnabon I was gonna
use Jackie's card what's the thing
called one like you can't if you're
really close to something you start
getting really bothered closer up phobic
and I it's claustrophobic yeah closer
folks know what guys shout out to my
girlfriend this girl before we started
dating I swear to you she would watch
MTV II you know all these reality TV
show love and hip-hop now dating me she
literally watches basketball by herself
she checks the NBA app all day
consistently she asks me to watch
basketball as she does still make time
for her drama shows but shout out my
girlfriend I go to your house and you're
literally watching MBA I check your
phone and the last thing that open was
the NBA app don't need you and your for
anyone it starts with ch
it's called CH IQ Donita again would
need to be cheesy to me to just ignore
any I don't even know what those mean
but I always laugh guys look how fat I
am
it's literally 512 a.m. if you can't
tell by my voice I just woke up from my
sleep and damn denim wait
I'm so bright dadandan I saw that my
girlfriend left her Cinnabon here so
time for me to have a fucking 5:00 a.m.
snack guys I literally do this all the
time I swear one day I'm just gonna
collapse in my sleep and die I go to
sleep I wake up at like 4:00 or 5:00 in
the morning I eat a bunch of snack and
then I just go back to sleep clearly I'm
like like right now I'm half asleep I
don't even know if I'm awake like I
can't tell from sleepwalking I can't
tell if I'm fucking dreaming so I just
eat old your food then I go back to
sleep I swear one time I'm just gonna
I'm sick
fucking dime I sleep too much food and
but anyways look how bomb that looks I'm
eating this shit so good mmm
I'm bout us and Jackie and snapchat
she's gonna kill me cuz these are hers
she just forgot them at my house
she takes food so seriously I'm telling
you if I did anything school related if
I did anything else she wouldn't care
but if I do something food guys she says
if I go eat without her that's cheating
on her she literally says if I go eat by
myself if I eat something without her
then that's the equivalent of cheating
on her so I'm gonna send her a snapchat
right now five in the morning she's
asleep and she's gonna wake up to it
look babe hmm okay well time to go back
to sleep guys they were actually really
cold the Cinnabon we're cold I was
supposed to warm them up heat them up I
was gonna go put them in the microwave
but then I thought about it I'm just
like middle of the night
go downstairs by myself in the dark now
I'll pass I'm gonna need no fucking
Exorcist Michael Myers fucking Freddy
Krueger come down to me I know Bosley I
know go to sleep I'm telling you right
now I really don't even know if I'm
awake or asleep like one out when I wake
up I'm probably not gonna remember
eating the Cinnabon till I have to edit
this vlog and then I'll be like oh shit
I really ate the Cinnabon Here I am I am
see no bun you guys know you know the
Apple Jacks commercial Here I am I am
see no bun okay Bosley I'll stop talking
go to sleep I know I said all supposed
to go back to sleep a really long time
ago
but then I thought about it but I wanted
to play basketball today
and the only way I could play basketball
if I finish editing my videos so and I
wouldn't have time to edit this video
and then go play basketball if I went
back to sleep
so the grind don't stop man hard work
pays off so I didn't end up going back
to sleep I'm editing this video and by
the time I should finish I'll go play
basketball so but I'm obviously not
gonna miss an upload so the only I could
get this video done an episode for you
guys today and play basketball was to
not go back to sleep so that's what I'm
doing and then after I finish this video
time for lunch time basketball you
already know some people could say oh
it's just one day if you want to go play
basketball just don't upload told but
that's not me man I don't like missing
days I don't like not uploading for you
I don't like skipping not even one day
guys she's here and she is not happy
about the ship I got hungry I find them
up for what reason were you even up who
are you texting what's up okay I won't
eat the same one anymore there's still
two more left
I don't trust you anymore okay okay this
would be a good Instagram picture that's
what I'm saying look he literally walked
up to me I know he liked Anna more than
me for sure he's chill in case you can't
tell we are here with Tanner Fox I
didn't get a chance to meet him last
time I think I was at the gym or I'm not
sure where I was but he came here and I
heard something about a backflip I just
did a back hit right now yeah he can't
that's what I was gonna get into broken
foot first trampoline we were gonna but
it's what else thank you because I
didn't want to attempt that no I'm glad
he's okay because I'm sure you guys
heard it was all over YouTube shoutouts
cares that's how I heard first he got
into a really bad car crash and it could
have been much worse but it's only a
broken foot I say only I mean that's
still bad but it could have been worse
so we're glad he's okay Bosley's really
glad he's okay
you know me but yeah you didn't pee on
him imagine he thinks Tanner is my dad
thinks Tanner's wrong so you want to
tell us which car you just picked up
2017 GTR and it's sexy that's all I'm
gonna say I saw his video on it sexy car
is getting wrapped we don't want okay
imagine yeah we don't want to spoil the
color but me and my brother got a little
sneak peek so that video should be up
whenever his car is done Bosley yeah
what does unwrap oh but they don't know
the color we just say I don't wanna
spoil it but it's Cygnus it's it's only
it made me want to get my car wrapped
I'm not gonna do it cuz I still like the
Y on my car but it made me rethink that
the Brian's going to where are you going
today
young thug 21 Savage I'm
I told I'll be scared to be young bug I
don't trust him that's uh that's what
I'm saying like brah what are you gonna
say to him like a what's up toga
what is Brian say Ryan's gonna be like
yo Duggar bohmian dude on can fight okay
guys so I'm about to leave to go play
some basketball
Tanner woulda came through but uh a
little injury right now so Sam Brian
Brian yourself got Bosley okay behind
the scenes of a Instagram picture here
here turn it to the side turn Kentucky
ain't getting any behind-the-scenes of
Instagram pictures and Bosley going
crazy this Brides about to pass out
Bosley's about to careful Bobby's gonna
attempt Oh Bosley okay
because what exactly do you do on your
channel like tramp everything all crazy
look he's probably ashamed of me I'm too
scared to even jump off the roof onto
the trampoline well he puts me to shame
teach me tell my brother not a back kick
so yeah that within five minutes legit
no promises but when you come back here
and you're healed you have a trampoline
aha I got you
well what about okay now for me what can
you promise yourself what are you gonna
do what are you gonna show us teach us
that's four years hickeys bring this
back to me I guess I'm gonna learn how
to wait if you land the flip it only
epic okay if you don't land the flip
it'll be a good video you'll be funny
yeah that would actually a good video
and I'll probably end up to win win I'll
totally end up with the same thing as
this so I guess a win-win and a little
bit of a loss
two dinners I can only imagine if he's
fully healthy because he wants to go oh
my in downtown stared at a lot of Wolfie
Wolfie call himself Savage
I don't know right here it might be a
bigger Savage right here okay guys it's
time to go to gym my girlfriend's gonna
join me yeah you can go check it out if
you want I'll lock it
oh the keys are right there I'd light it
lights on the inside light blue top
thank ya you could go ahead and sing it
well it's so hard to get in you watched
my video when I was like you burn so
many calories getting in and out maybe
you didn't believe you know it's hard to
get we're probably gonna have to help
them out actually BMW i8 vers GTR 2017
yeah go ahead bro
no it's heavy when you try to close it
okay imagine he just drives away see you
Brandon fucking crashes Jackie's car
yeah choice it's a buddy yeah and then
then push out I know that's the door
handle he's going crazy wild swapping
out Oh sick look Wiggly quickly oh I'll
just feed on
I'm in my head the first time I got 40
time
look guys Bosley just peed on Brian's
car Brian he did a small one small one
he marks his territory on the cars a lot
you just want to intrude exactly exactly
Tanner's hating on lunchtime basketball
is trying to stop me from going at my
usual table now I gotta go I'm about to
go play basketball thank god there's no
Sun game this early I'm not ready for
early-morning depression yay and save
that for nighttime like dying you're
like buying your brand-new toy oh yeah
you saw that in the video yeah yeah they
were trying to teach me everything about
the car and I'm just like honestly can I
come back in two suns and when he came
home and he rushes on today's your life
I'm up on the sun's long
okay Bosley no peeing on the tire hey
Brandon hack um you don't even have your
camera right now so this is our channel
now guys gonna be taking over
subscribe to faze rug subscribe to ten
or do that and then come be like butt
out we we saw your channel we're still
your vlog siren but we also sabotage
your i8 we're gonna wrap it pink when
you're not living
we're also pranking you right now let's
prank him there's something in this
garage that's is um just drop it just
drop it Brendon just drop it should you
really do it drop it Oh ready just got
pranked so bad just shoo prank bro I we
out so I'm editing my video and I
literally just saw that Brian and Tanner
took over my channel you guys heard the
boys go sub to them on YouTube they're
both of their links are in the
description below as if you guys aren't
already subbed to Brian but goes up to
Tanner Foxx and also my brother if
you're not stuck to him already
you want to wrap my car pink go ahead I
wouldn't mind having a pink BMW a that's
sick
okay back to the vlog let's continue
watching the vlog
Oh
Rimmel
now he's going to shoot watch Romel
loves the spotlight white watch shout
out guys I just lost we're not supposed
to smile you're gross tonight yeah guys
I fucking lost okay I hate losing but we
got next game so I'm out too playing
getting like one minute but still we
lost our first game but they picked me
up to play next so I'm playing next game
she picked me up I'm joking
she's a cheerleader okay guys so we're
back from the jam Bosley like I said
we're back from the gym okay Bosley
interrupt me one more time you're gonna
be in trouble so we're back from the gym
oh my gosh I came back really early I
only stayed for like an hour because I
didn't finish editing my video this
morning we had a guest so I gave some of
myself to him we were just chilling me
Brian and Karen pawsley just come down
come down it's me I live with you I see
you every single day oh here he comes oh
you feel the house shake when he comes
downstairs whoa I mean I had to come
home early edit my cuz I didn't finish
editing my video and I don't want to
upload really late for you guys today
it's Monday so I know people were at
school and they got school tomorrow so I
just I want to get my video up early Oh
Mike look at this hold on look at the
table look no it's mine guys look out
unhealthy my family is you now you put
out a set of fruit or vegetables look at
what my mom did holy oh my gosh what
should I start with I'm digging it Oh
orange and purple shout out Phoenix Suns
anyways guys yeah I played basketball
for a couple hours I was pissed earlier
cuz I lost but then I got picked up
shout out the homie Martin where are you
gonna go you want to tell the vlog where
you're gonna go
now I'm going to support her she lowness
afford to buy some makeup thank God I
have an excuse not to go I know I hate
you so you start heat like actually I
literally cry I cry listen it's one
thing going with a girl to shop for
clothes like that's bad enough that's
already bad but going to shop for makeup
I can't I can't do it so she's gonna go
shop for some makeup and she has like
some good deal from Sephora I don't know
if you buy enough stuff from UM from
Sephora you get these like free
makeovers or they get you like 50% off
everything peace your what I'm VIP I
don't even ought to use me VIP VIP no
you're saying B IP yeah we so she's
gonna go there I'm ahead in my video for
you guys and I wish I got to stay at the
gym longer I got some work to do
you taste the sweat you taste the sweat
hey Brian's having a concert the shower
look keep going how many concerts does
Brian have a day oh my god he does one
in the shower Walt one while he brushes
his teeth one when he wakes up in the
morning he likes it guys look my
girlfriend got her makeup done Fiona
looks good guys
they forced her to get her makeup done
over there if she wanted 50% off so you
got your makeup done you get a beautiful
look I was doing
nevermind my girlfriend likes me more
yeah I was like it took so long because
it was so busy now it's like I'm in
India in my older vlogs like last year
when I first started vlogging I used to
always vlog Brian singing in the shower
oh my girlfriend but mom this play like
you should just name it the death plate
this is my dream this is heaven for me I
swear
thank you you said it's for a Tanner
fuck guys my girlfriend brought me a
Philly cheese over here did mom Brian
sinks too right now yeah he was just
singing why you always hang 1182
my girlfriend got my back hey you drank
from it yeah I chased the make up singer
Bosley sing it Brian to extra-high she
was singing today cuz he's about to go
see young Doug and sat he's gonna go see
21 savvy so he needs to get himself an
exit they have extra tickets yeah two
extra tickets I don't think I'm gonna go
I don't know Brian
haha go concert go concert so Brian's
gonna go see Duggar and 21 savage Oh
trapped soul fire Bryson tiller to come
a daddy I can't record him he's naked
right now in the room ya know how he's
right has a nice playlist whoo thanks
babe my girlfriend got my bag that's why
I love her you know I got back from the
gym I was starving and I had to come
home and I was in a rush so I didn't
have time to eat so she went and brought
me food my brother got meet-and-greet
VIP passes to young thug what is he
gonna do like suck his dick I wouldn't
meet and greet with Fetty WAP and Drake
that's it maybe Bryce until there maybe
but anyone else
I don't know called me in Greeks what
are you supposed to do like I really
don't care I was gonna go up there and
what give him a hug get my kiss on the
cheek I don't know cuz it have been some
rumors with young thug I don't know but
yeah they do have some extra tickets I
don't know if me and Jackie are gonna go
or not because it was so last second I
just found out right now but we might
wait it's not focused oh wait now this
that's not like sweat baby really
Amos oh no I only ate too much I
literally ate at five in the morning I
was half of like I don't remember eating
uh wait please let me tell you what she
replied back to me on snapchat I told
them I sent your snapchat up at five in
the morning imagine was that a nightmare
for you to wake up to me I said she said
are you kidding me after everything
we've been through I don't know how you
expect me to trust you anymore I told
them like you think that if I were to
cheat on you with a different girl I'm
just using it as an example if arted
sorry guys
she's like Tina so so I can't even say
that which I would never do but in her
in her mind that's the equivalent like
if I were to cheer with a different girl
that's equivalent evening food without
her it's dawn you're joking it's scary
what she has to make Hey okay okay not
down there how bad is it when I eat
without you I'm 20 out of 20 for sure
action okay but what if sometimes I got
hungry what if sometimes I get hungry in
your nighttime depends what it is
what if you've already ate all your food
I'm still hungry that's still me cuz I'm
always hungry
you're never full No hey you really ate
my Cinnabon what I gonna take you're on
the road on your motorcycle okay I'm
actually just bought this oh that's nice
just kidding my home would you rather go
to a 21-7 bail cancer or just listen to
Brian scene I would rather look Brian
yeah rather than what a more militia
racers yeah Brian has like good yeah
like in the me angry I'll take I think
like Rogers gonna go and give head to
your thug like what do you do oh I told
the member my older vlogs you would hate
me when you still lived upstairs and you
would sing in the shout out before next
Friday no no Amina's not going to
college so you guys have two extra
tickets I don't know if we're gonna go
cuz I just found out like really yeah
and I didn't get a haircut okay guys
that's the real reason my haircut
appointment was scheduled for tomorrow
it's a fil G so you take about if you
want my haircut appointment was
scheduled for tomorrow and if we were to
go to a concert today I'll need as you
need to get a haircut by I think my
barber is booked for the rest of the day
so I don't know if I
can go who's playing no the sons don't
play tonight I know those like at the
concert oh it's just 2006
oh no you leave like she said who's
playing like she met at the concert I
said oh no there's no Sun here tonight
but yeah guys I'll try it if I can get a
haircut by my barber today that I'll
think about going I might go but if I
can't get a haircut you cross that off
the list slide to the right you know
what wait
do the dance of the girl eating the
chicken sandwich honey no do it with the
cookie eat it
see this is the bad thing about me want
some things in my hands I automatically
I have to eat it cross my fingers let's
see you our Lord has a spot for today I
want to wait till tomorrow let's see
call Paul Barber Paul love me I swear
watch I bet you even if he doesn't see
that little thing to the right of his
face all my stuffed animals go into
closet that I get him behind the TV
where is he you can't even see it guys
all love me I bet you even if he's
booked he'll make time for me that's why
I love my barber ah you have a special
type of love for your Barbara it's not
like the love you have for your
girlfriend or your family
it's like bestial love hey Paula uh
honestly right when I called you I
forgot it was your day off I'm sorry no
because I was going to call you to see
if I could come in today instead of
tomorrow but I forgot that it was your
day off
oh wait yeah oh my god not only did you
call him on you're his day off
ah am I hung up because my phone's
broken got my phone look how stupid I am
I'm literally a mr. Krabs my phone is
broken like it calls people randomly
hangs up on people randomly favorites
random tweets and it doesn't even work
like look and I'm such a mr. Krabs that
I didn't even buy a new phone on Black
Friday people buy new phones when
there's nothing even wrong with their
phone my phone is legit broken and I
still refuse to buy a new one because
this is how you make it work
hey Lynn your end
Oh see I told you just have to fix all
that ugly
pickle me time to call my barber back
he's probably like really get
accidentally home god I hate my phone
the pause sorry my phone is kind of
broken so hung up by itself so I was
gonna I was gonna call you because I
wanted to come into the shop today
instead of tomorrow but I forgot it was
your day off and then I want to bother
you at the house I honestly just
remembered right when I press dial to
call you are you busy later because I
don't want to ruin like I don't want to
rush you or okay so if I were to show up
probably like in 20 minutes and you'll
be able to take me yeah yeah are you
sure are you sure I'm not interfering
with anything
okay Paul leave my house right now
thank you so much again okay all right
thanks Paul if you could just send me
the address one more time because I my
message might have got deleted
I feel so disrespectful so not only did
I call him on his day off but my phone
hung up the first time and I'm about to
go to his house guys shout-out to my
barber I love my barber he's taking me
on his day off at his house when he has
a busy schedule later tonight I'm
telling you the love for my barber goes
beyond we are back guys the setup a
real-life barbershop right in the garage
see good chair I just finished my cup
first of all under great anyone okay she
gave me a cozy genius seven out of seven
right oh oh yeah now you know I like it
shout out to Paul you on the wall of
your folder literally on this day off
you took me into the home and gave me a
cup I needed it cuz if I hand my
the concert tonight Paul I saw them at
any time I try to stay away the shirts I
don't want to get no but thank you to
Paul and you guys have any worries for
the blowing yeah he means good luck as
Paul has a league game later tonight
obviously everyone who keeps up with me
my league seasons not going too well so
far so what do you want to talk about
that but I'm just going to say that
Paul's actually playing on an undefeated
team our seasons - down here his is up
here so he's wishing much together
that's a game later tonight it will be
shaking Brandon on our team well I'll be
playing with the next CJ so we might
have to be ready you might remember
first round I was leading scorer on my
team so yeah the first round on her
future second yeah yeah make sure you
subscribe thank you yeah yeah and can
hear Santa Paws is gonna watch this
video you have any words for him I hope
your legs okay he's a big fan you think
I should go to the concert they think
I'm crazy because I told them I might
not go I'd rather yeah I'd rather just
stay watch gospel play that's all but
they said one sacred 21-7 young thug
they're like yes go okay I'll think
about it I got this cuff for a reason so
we'll see guys look my phone literally
does not work I don't know let so many
women do as he says I mean make it
myself work oops my mom hurt me yeah mom
yeah it's my fault
I'll buy one soon no mom
guys my family hates each one I saved my
money
what is it bad that I like to save money
isn't that smart I know I understand but
look it works see that works ah you just
gotta give it a little mmm then it works
but yeah guys so I'm watching the
wizards and Kings game and I just saw
Markieff Morris hustle for a rebound
that's that's unheard of in all this
time in Phoenix I just saw him smile for
the first we smile - Wow in all the time
in Phoenix I've never seen him hustle
for a rebound I've never seen him play
defense he and I've never seen him smile
and he did it all in one game Congrats
Markieff you're still a bum but Congrats
I'm used to seeing him get ejected and
technical fouls and turning the ball
over and yelling at his teammates and
actually choking his teammates on live
TV
he choked fucking Archie Goodwin on live
TV I'm not used to seeing him actually
hustle a gang guys come on you wonder
why my basketball shot has been off come
on I want to check DeMarcus Cousins
stats holy shit DeMarcus Cousins 36
points and 20 rebounds fucking beasts he
went off today and look guess who got
another triple-double haha as Russell
Westbrook is a fucking animal he might
look like a ninja turtle but the dude
can play three straight triple doubles
and a on the season this district I
don't know that's crazy so what's forgot
another triple double against New York
he's insane it might not be the most
efficient triple doubles like LeBron
puts up it might be a little inefficient
but you can't knock that I wonder what
would happen to okay see if Westra got
hurt you don't hope injury on anybody
obviously but if Westra got hurt
I think he's he is literally the
workload the workhorse of that team if
he go if you were to get hurt I don't
think OKC would be a watchable
basketball team it's like that one
season when him and Durant were her
how does Steven Adams talk huh she
watched a Stephen Adams postgame
interview and now she talks like hey I
wasn't watching that I don't really know
whole time that we were at the mall
you're like if you see a woman yeah
because she kept talking like Stephen
Adam just cuz she saw one postgame
interview but yeah guys honestly okay
see they better hope and cross their
fingers that Westbrook does now get her
all season because yeah he plays he
plays so crazy and based off his
athleticism he gives zero fucks he
literally crashes after every board he
throws his body after every loose ball
he dunks with full force every time so
Rose is going off today - Rose has a 30
point game it's like I'm watching his
MVP days so guys we decided instead of
going to the concert today I know a lot
of people might call stupid because the
concert was sold out and my cousins had
extra tickets but we decided we're just
gonna stay in and watch some basketball
how old are we like 70 years old we have
Brandon are such homebody like home
we're such like like we would rather
just stay in together yeah like if we
want to like how why no wait wait wait
wait what's the stake hold you with
Hawaii no but that's all you said Ben
when we go on vacation we literally just
stay in the hotel room and watch movies
like when we go to LA Vegas like we
don't even party or anything we
literally watch like basketball I know a
lot of people are gonna call us stupid a
lot of people are gonna say well why
don't you go to the concert whatever you
want to call it we decided we're just
gonna stand stay home if it was Drake
Freddie Wong
yeah Nicki Minaj okay whatever but I'll
go to Nicki Minaj we're staying in we
would honestly rather oh wait I didn't
shy off get my hair cut the hair is
gonna get on the bed that's our
preference just chill why they're like
we just have a lot of fun we're so old
we're like 80 you figure someone who's
21 and someone who's 20 we're at that
age where we just want to go out and you
know have fun and go hang out outdoors
but no we'll just
can you please go make me a hot
chocolate yeah Jack is your type to
watch the rain outside because it is
raining today - this is weird in San
Diego having rain three days in a row
this is sunny San Diego yeah this
doesn't happen too often so Jackie loves
it she likes to stay inside get cozy
drink some hot cocoa I told her she said
babe can you please go make me hot cocoa
I said how the fuck do you make hot
cocoa so not the norm for us Sandi
agency Narain three times in a row I
wish I wish it snowed here that would be
sick but we get range from time to time
that is not what a normal human being
should be averaging in a basketball game
but he's doing it shoutout my boy Jeff
hornacek former Phoenix Suns head coach
I miss him in Phoenix you know what I am
I was going crazy people usually don't
care to me the head coach I love I love
Jeff hornacek so shout out and shout out
DeRose you have a huge game today I'm
getting ok not the butt
just the back I am getting a back
massage right now I'm telling you guys
my lower back is so messed up when I was
younger I used to have to go to the
chiropractor every single month think
about that I used to see all these older
people walking and I was some young high
school boy going to the chiropractor
every single month my back is so bad
that's because I play way too much
basketball and I don't really stretch
before I just get straight to the gym
and I play and I play a bunch of hours
every week I don't really let my body
rest when I told the chiropractor how
much I played he actually thought I was
crazy he was like do you now get tired
does your body not hurt I was like it
does the ball is life so I used to go to
a chiropractor but now my girlfriend
takes here me Jackie takes care of me
she gives me a back massage so shout-out
to my girlfriend Bev I need more but
yeah guys that's something nobody really
knows about me it's just cuz I play so
much basketball and I play for so many
hours and I don't really take rest I
don't really take a break hard babe hard
I'm a 21 year old kid but my back is
like 80 years old guys you know what
they used to do at the chiropractor it
was so scary actually they used to put
me in this chair like a it looked like a
saw device
like some chair that would be in the
movie saw you guys know jigsaw with the
fucking mask and the red cheeks and he
would tell me okay don't look they would
like put my head down and he would tell
me on the count of three one two no he
wouldn't even count to three he's alive
he would say on the count of three one
two and then he would crack it right
away first of all he lied he never
really count to three but they would
like crack all my back and they would
tell me to turn a certain position like
this and they would like I don't know
weird it looks and they lie so that you
don't expect it they say they'll count
to three or five and they do it at a
random number telling you the whole
scene looked like something out of the
movie saw character just do your best
chiropractor impression I can't and I
the neediest boyfriend oh my god haha
you're the gold digger for sure I'm the
gold digger for I'm the gold digger for
massages Giggy do boonie to me do I say
it right Leto Chiquito gordito gordita
no bonito okay go back to sleep I'm
practicing my Spanish pinche Chiquito
hey don't go back to sleep we got a good
game on tap you got a good game on the
schedule hawks and warriors deuces mommy
chul oh is that what it's called
she calls me papi chulo so that I mean I
call her mommy tuna
