beautiful family Sunday we got mama
putting the juice out rug eating his
breakfast early without waiting for
anybody but I'm not gonna lie because I
took a few pieces too we have big Ron
aka my dad cooking the food and then we
have sy the Chargers game on TV we have
I mean pretty much no hope for the
playoffs anymore what do we have for
breakfast today other than good ones
looking to us well actually the son's
game son's game starts at 12:30 today
why not hey buzzy balls is enjoying
breakfast too so yeah guys we're
watching the Chargers game on TV right
now
early game because they are playing in
Houston Chargers sitting at four and six
more than likely season's over they're
not making the playoffs sadly but you
know we're still charger fans so we're
still gonna watch the game in case you
didn't know I am a pretty big Phoenix
Suns fan I don't know Phoenix Suns
actually play at 12:30 today they have
an early game which is weird because
usually they play out like 5 or 6 so
usually my tears and sadness come later
on at night but today they're playing at
12:30 early game on Sunday so uh my
daily dose of Phoenix Suns sadness tears
frustration misery anger depression
starting early today dad the early son's
game today so I get my daily dose of
depression early usually it comes out
like 6 p.m. but today it's coming at
before 1 o'clock well guys the Chargers
scored so 7 7 and they're threatening to
score again guys honestly the Chargers
aren't that bad of a team we got screwed
over we're playing in the same division
as the Raiders who 8 and 2 Oakland I
don't even know what to say about that
super good team this year Oakland 8 into
Denver reigning Super Bowl champions and
then the Chiefs so the Chargers just got
screwed over playing in a really tough
division free dragon bender I started a
hashtag earlier this season free tyler
ulis and he's been playing recently so I
guess the hashtag worked so now my new
hashtag is free dragon bender you take
someone number four overall in the draft
you might as well play him there's no
point
taking someone that high just to sit him
on the end of the bench honestly I'm
still like in shock at the last son's
game dad I still haven't gone over it
I'm still shocked I said like that last
game was no I I can't so a lot of people
are going to be wondering you know where
was Jackie during breakfast well her
parents actually got back from Chicago
they had left to Chicago for the weekend
and they had left Jackie home alone so
they just got back so she had breakfast
with her family and actually her mom
gave us permission to vlog the house
kind of vlog on weekend while me and
Jackie were left home alone because I
kind of stayed with Jackie at the house
not really taking care about keeping
your company because why would you want
to stay alone without your family for
that long and that's what I'm actually
editing right now I'm watching the
Chargers game while editing the vlog of
myself and Jackie her house and this is
actually the very very first time ever
that I have filmed or vlog on Jackie's
house so if you didn't get a chance to
watch that go check it out like I said
her mom gave us permission to vlog there
so it was my first ever video at
Jackie's house a lot of people have been
wondering you know what a Jackie's house
look like the jacket live here - Jackie
even have a house so I filmed for you
guys I filmed her home it's actually
turning out to be a really good video so
in case you didn't have a chance to
watch that go ahead and check it out and
we just went full it was an MTV Cribs my
girlfriend's home edition that's what it
was you guys know what MTV Cribs is
that's exactly what this video was but
yeah guys that that son's game was so
bad last time I'm I'm literally like I
had nightmares about that game that was
the worst son's game I've watched
anyways guys look at the weather they
call San Diego sunny San Diego well look
at this this doesn't look too sunny to
me it's raining I'm sure it's not
raining as hard as other parts of the
world other parts of the country but for
San Diego this is that's pretty heavy
rain San Diego doesn't see rain too
often so this is kind of weird to see
sunny San Diego but it's cool i don't
really like rain myself but my mom likes
it so i'm happy for her she gets to see
the rain I'm more of a Sun type of guy
get it
Phoenix Suns I just witnessed the Kyrie
Irving takeover you know Philly was
actually up by 10:00 Kyrie Irving took
over this game look who showed up
just in time for the Suns game sucks for
you you're about to witness
just chillin I was seeing your mom gods
all my legs these are new lighting stuff
from your mom yeah these are really nice
and comfy breakfast was good we had to
actually recoup the eggs because my mom
made an omelet and it wasn't all the way
cooked ah did your mom miss me yeah she
said hi and she said she can't wait for
the video so yeah guys I'm editing it
right now see so who's waiting today the
sons are Nuggets
no just yeah what about last game fuck
that last game I'm still I'm still
having literally like reoccurring
thought say you're actually I don't know
if it's just a camera but you're really
happy today like I'm happy cuz if
something is about the star but just
wait until like literally 30 minutes
after the game
well guys Chargers win thank God as a
Chargers fan I'll take a win that's five
wins and 6 losses hey honestly maybe if
the Chargers went out when the last five
games they can make the playoffs may be
free Tyler oh no not Brandon night free
tyler ulis free dragon bender a Brandon
night miss what is new guys can't make
this up
he literally misses oh no guys when the
sun's ship Brandon died off please take
out slang and handcuffed him to Brandon
Knight and ship him off to Alex land is
a piece of trash to the Suns literally
go down big come all the way back and
then just go down big again there's no
point to come back we took Brandon
Knight out of the game he's shooting 2
for 10 guys my girlfriend's about to buy
her own son's Jersey her first one no no
Wilson Chandler no no no no no what the
I honestly can't tell if I'm watching
Wilson Chandler fucking LeBron James the
dudes been playing so fucking good not
just today the whole fucking season so I
tweeted Alex Len just cost us the
fucking game cut this man the second
this game ends what the hell then
someone else we did lend to do that you
can't be that stupid right fuck Alan
Alan loves doing dumb shit
nice going LAN and I'm not the only one
who sees this where are we going what
are your new leggings bothering you yeah
because we're going to the mall right
now so the Phoenix Suns lost another
close game what's new honestly like I
don't know Devin Booker had 30 points
another 30 point game Erik let's go have
35 which is a career high for him and
then nobody else did shit if Booker and
Bledsoe both are scoring over 30 and
you're still losing the games that's how
you know you have a bad team so we're
gonna go to the mall right now relieve
some stress honestly Phoenix Suns loss
we're gonna go ooh the hot fries why
can't the Suns just lose by like 30 at
least that's a loss but it's not a
heartbreaker I hate watching
heartbreaking losses but oh what a
surprise
this fucking shirt again is this the
only shirt I wear no guys there's this
one the oh the green one no the green
one is like four occasions I wear the on
occasion the over yo one and the pink
long-sleeve those are these are
literally the only shirts our own but
this is still number one on my list I
love this shirt she's trying to jet I
hate when my girlfriend tries to
actually make me dress nice like I'm
just trying to look like a scrub I just
want to look like a scrub I saw someone
commenting that I look different every
video and that's because of what I wish
because she don't know how to do her
makeup and that silly I don't burn
youtubers I don't know what a game who's
winning this game see I shoulda watched
this shit instead of the Suns game more
entertaining yeah so who knows maybe the
Raiders go to Super Bowl I still think
it's too imagine I still link I think
there's still a little too young it's
still too early but you never know cuz
it's the NFL they only play one game so
if they get hot like they are right now
so Raiders have looked really good this
season you never know what's gonna
happen they get matched up with the
Patriots or something like that they'll
be screwed but we'll see sorry Booker
but we are taking blood so we're taking
the Lexus today because it's kind of I
want to say training but it was raining
and it's probably gonna rain again
clouds are looking dark guys I missed
this the red leather seats Alexis I miss
this so yeah guys it's raining and my
BMW stays parked in the garage so it
doesn't really get wet so I don't want
to drive it also because it is it's not
Black Friday today Sunday but it's still
Black Friday weekend so the mall might
still be pretty busy hopefully
people hopefully guys busy I was on
Black Friday but I think it's still
going to be busy so I don't want to park
in a super populated area where
someone's going to hit my car and third
I miss the Lexus I still try to drive it
like two or three times a week I mean
there's a reason I kept it was my first
car that I paid for myself and I just
loved this car I miss it so we're gonna
take this car to the mall we are
probably the only people who literally
only go to the mall to eat like we might
we might do some shopping here and there
maybe but our main usually shop alone
because we can't do it yeah we can't
shop together
he gives me inside you know I don't I
don't mind girl shops but when someone
stays in there for a long time I'm just
like ah forever and I don't we might go
shopping for like two or three minutes
of our mall trip but honestly yeah we
just we just go for food honestly so
we're going to the mall right now I need
to eat to get rid of my depression from
that son's game and uh yeah hopefully
it's not still super busy from Black
Friday weekend but we'll see
the only song by listening to that's now
from Fetty WAP deluxe or view speaking
of that wise Fetty WAP deluxe not
playing am I crazy who kind of droves in
my own today oh my god wait the song
came on while I was getting which one
failure doing yeah well I was showering
this morning
6 7 9 6 7 9 my song just for all you
all-time subscribers all your day ones
I'll put this in right here guys I
dedicated this song to Jackie when we
first started talking remember that yes
Thursday no it was listen I'll tell you
hold on so I dedicated that song to
Jackie when we first started talking
yeah because here's what a lot of people
don't know Jackie's actually really into
music I'm not saying she's a music
Franco amusing head but she knows her
music and honestly Fetty WAP as much as
I love him he's not the most you know
he's not okay he's not the best when I
so when I dedicated the song to her she
was like did you this is one like we
first met she was like did you really
just dedicate a Fetty WAP song to me and
I was like how romantic are you trying
to be here yeah so that didn't get off
to a really good start I would pick her
up for like our first couple of days and
I'll be playing like Fetty WAP deluxe
and she would just be like what the fuck
are you listening to it I'm just like
time I went through his playlist what
did you find I find sexy chick by Akon
David what's the matter when I was oh
yeah and the Enrique Iglesias the Jersey
Shore Jersey Shore ones that Jersey
Shore get ready to at that point I was
like okay she is not going to continue
talking wait no but do you ever remember
this one time actually a long time ago
texted me you called me trap bleeped and
I said are you Amy I got so
well it was one way it was when we first
started talking a good morning trap
queen yeah I was so stupid
okay ruin the whole song now we have to
start it over yes we have to start it
over
ah okay but why do you hate him so much
what did he do to you honestly
well first okay by eating okay second I
know but he didn't do anything to you
though I know but I pay that personal
and Diana
I hate employees Hey look how busy it is
so I guess it is still is super busy for
the weekend that's what I'm saying yeah
the whole Black Friday weekend people
art stop stop bitch yeah everyone's
trying to get their Christmas gifts out
the way now because Christmas is next
month and now obviously all the deals
are here yeah I don't forget to get
Nikki her freaking Pizza goldfish and
money
her sister guys her sister really made a
Christmas wishlist and wrote money like
Ally's be secret about it damn good
thing I didn't drive my ia because it's
very busy and there's a would be a
chance someone would hit my car actually
okay guys we just arrived
first step is for sure the hall fries
right guys this is on my list hot fries
sushi well it's probably the Raiders
game they just sacked Cam Newton so
everyone's going crazy
don't forget yes I'm a Chargers fan my
family is a Chargers fan but we're in
California so there's a lot of Raider
fans here they were all watching the
game down there on my wish list is for
today hot fries sushi Philly cheesesteak
Cinnabon corndog
whoa 40% off the entire store I might
have to go shopping because we just met
boof and I in Central Park South oh my
god
what's your name Liang Liang nice to
meet you bro oh my gosh spin the vlog
we're in the book you going up tomorrow
Anthony key shout-out to you guys so the
funniest thing happened right now so
Leon right here is Chaldean and he's an
altar boy at the same exact church that
me and my brother were altar boys at
just a couple years ago I know me and my
brother used to be altar boy those guys
we already have to get the water we
already know we're going to be burning
and dying for water so we might as well
get it now look guys the food core is so
busy I'm upset everyone's eating my food
everyone's stealing my food
Oh God we ran into supporter number two
Giselle right here any words for the
blog biggest fan but no words from my
blog that hurts right here you want to
be in the blog you say what's up to the
blog 9 years old and he watches all of
mine in my brother's video guys look out
hot oh there goes the Train bye
everybody
no one ever waves back at me I swear
yeah they wave to you and not me I don't
know why I'm not scary yeah but look
it's just scary 10 out of 10 for creepy
guys they're hot today I know you can
literally taste the hotness through the
camera am I right guys now starts the
sweating and the runny nose every time I
eat these for a long time I start to
sweat and then I get a runny nose but
they taste so fucking good they're so
addicting I swear guys so we met a
supporter right here leo he looks
exactly like my cousin Junior you guys
know Jay from my video yesterday Jay did
say one time say Jay
see he is good at into thank you
Oh who's wearing that
the whole bag is showing what do you
mean it's not out the hole don't wear
that and show the back of your arm crazy
know about that I don't know about that
you really thought you're going to show
that shirt it showed your arm that's
crazy
okay guys I'm still dying from the fries
Jackie she's from El Salvador so she can
deal with those way better than I could
she could deal with those spicy foods
I can't meal number two meal number two
of the small trip away you can't forget
oh wait
not the oil wife that accidentally came
out
I meant to show this the salt and pepper
pepper no wait yeah mild little get
medium rare yeah
okay LOI hit does not make it go away he
literally puts the whole bag of salt on
my food and then he blows on it and says
that oh yeah it's fine when people ask
for a lot that means you put a lot and
then you don't blow on it if you ask for
medium you still put a lot and then you
go and then if they ask for a little
then you put a lot and then you do a
huge blow on it like like that so either
way you're putting the whole bag but
depending on how they ask for it that's
how big the has to be my Karma I put way
too much salt in mind not even though
was big enough to blow that's all away
meal number three right here eel number
three we got the sushi California roll
shrimp tempura crunch roll we are eating
good today I told you we might go
shopping we might do a little bit of
shopping but as long as I'm eating I'm
good ending up eating a little too good
I was about to have a heart attack
when you can't wash your hands because
the bathrooms too far away so you have
your girl guys I actually got caught by
Jackie and it's very sad that she caught
on to me because I'm not happy about it
I used to have a little trick that she
never my secret that she never knew
about every time we ate it so you know
how when you're with your girlfriend you
know you go like this like oh babe and
you start like rubbing her or like
massaging her like this so I would eat
and my hands and wherever we see and if
if there weren't napkins nearby I'd be
like oh babe you look so good today like
always easy so sweet and then she goes
like oh babe and I'm just like yeah like
this and finally like a couple weeks ago
she caught me so now every time I try to
do it she knows that I'm trying to do
she was like why are you all like why
are you always so sweet when we eat I'm
always like yeah any sweeter sweeter oh
wait I need to wash my hands but there's
no bathroom
washed oh my favorite part of the day
we're about to go to pink I only love it
when Jackie's actually about to buy
something because she lets me pick it
for her I'm picking your panty you need
a bra too or no - no I only help you
with the panties and bras not the
regular clothes I'm sweet guys
say no more let's go the makers of the
Green OH oh my god you mention one to
she's too shy she's nervous
so she's met the whole family she's met
me Brian mission by Jackie new panties
was a fail because they always do that
that puts that ugly-ass panties it's
five for 2750 season sdn so they put all
the ugly ones and I need to be the one
who likes them because I'm gonna be the
one who's seen them so go and imma be
the one who takes them home so I mean
Amazo be ones that I like shout out what
was your name Jaime shout out Carmen
here Hank sister um mommy shut up
Cartman
you're not okay if everyone calls you
fat but you know your ID oh my god I go
like this that is different than calling
you fat if you yourself know you're not
fat a lot of matter what other people
hey guys it's impossible to tell
everything I know ever don't ever tell
girl anything though everyday to drill
don't ever talk to a girl just you just
can't you can't Wayne you can't say
anything
hey anyways you taught me not for my
birthday yeah you can win if you buy
them cookies that's the only way hey
guys we need to try a different
Victoria's Secret cuz I just I'm very
picky
I like paying why you don't need to hit
my aunt anything she wants to buy my
aunt gift just because she invited her
over to Thanksgiving dinner I'm usually
the person that goes to the gift but
that day was so crazy everywhere more
food cookies is this the end of the food
or is there gonna be more we don't know
stay tuned to find out however you know
dumb you want to be that yeah yeah
subscribe before one meal oh yeah so
he's a day one thank you both guys I'm
so depressed why are all baby scared of
me every time I see like a baby or a
younger person I try to be nice and I go
like this and they all literally they
give me this look how is this a creep
look at okay pretend you're a baby look
at me hi they all like they literally
either hide behind their parents or they
tell on me like I did something bad they
go to their parents and tell me I'm just
like what did i do so every kid I see
I'm just like this and they all freaking
run away and I'm just like honestly fuck
am I doing wrong like um guys look at my
face I'm super happy because I just
remembered today's Sunday
which means tomorrow is Monday which
means I can go play lunchtime basketball
guys look this is what I think up to
make me happy lunchtime basketball
because they don't play a lunchtime ball
on the weekend so not on Saturday or
Sunday so I haven't played in two days
so now I'm finally going and I'm super
excited about 17 more hours to all be on
the course playing basketball I can't
wait it's been too long three days wait
that ain't right
asking the wrong person honeybunch I
don't know what straighteners and
curlers
I'm literally shopping and I randomly
get happy because I remember I'm playing
basketball tomorrow okay guys so when
looking for shampoo you always have to
have to look for frizz control code
I hear after shower trading you might
think it doesn't get crazy but it gets
crazy so by crazy means that literally
just goes up like crazy
yeah so this is first control but
doesn't smell that good please guys
you're about to hear something and you
have to guess what it is
wait walk in front all right okay I
won't make it her I'll do it in a sweet
spot okay back in the house because I'm
hurt by little by little okay are you
gonna buy you a key it's up to you it's
your money
honestly I don't know how important this
stuff is to grow so but look it's
infinity as seen on TV Oh God
as seen on TV that's always a red flag I
don't know it's your money if you want
to buy it you could buy it honestly
can I see if it's red
Jackie dragged me to the whole store
this is the whole store it is yes it
doesn't cover the wrists covers up to
here it doesn't cover the whole wrist
all the clothes in here are raped or
they show half your body what are you
looking at
winter the whole store that's a good
slogan or wind store where the hoes go
that's a good slogan look at this what
is it huh what is this what is this huh
what is this God why are you in here get
out that for me that's fine yes yeah
actually here I'll buy that I'm so
jealous of girl clothing it's so cheap
guy clothes is so expensive a hoodie is
like 60 to 80 bucks a t-shirt around 30
bucks and then girl clothing is so cheap
I wish I was a girl if I was a girl I
would definitely be a home why can't I
do well I would just slide it down bro I
assure you bro you gave me a fucking
heart attack
what's up bro dude you gave me a heart
attack on it huh what's your name Edgar
yeah to meet your leblanc Bailey I
understand I was walking on by okay
someone's gonna try and take my camera
or fucking shot me to the ground you
have any words for the vlog is thick of
it I respect the kid what he said he
said I yes Lemurian I wouldn't take them
now
hey you look good okay daddy
good I know she's lying but I like those
guys my girlfriend's buying these green
shoes she bought a drop 90 bucks I feel
bad for you I'm mr. Krabs so I feel bad
for her if only you BL SK and gesture
the laser in basketball they would have
got you these for free shoutout LSK and
gesture so Jackie was about to pick up
some heat but they don't have her size
so god I just met Omar c'mere we just
took a picture I feel like Santa Claus
but I'm sitting down he's standing up
thanks for the support you're officially
my shortest fan aka
my biggest fan though so thank you the
struggle of having tiny feet what size
are you she's like a five and a half
point six and woman her feet are that
big which is crazy because I'm like a
size 12 like 11 half 12 opposite wait
what's the shirt that Brian wears what's
the brand huh
trash yeah Thrasher that's what no you
said say it trash sure
Thrasher Thrasher just two seasons say
crazy zero crazy too
I said uh nice guys all my day one
subscribers do you remember the times a
couple months ago I tell like I don't
know four or five months ago when I was
shop watching
I mean wait nutshell watching watch
shopping then I said shop watching when
I was when I was watching I never ended
up buying a watch for myself I swear I'm
telling you I rarely spend money on
myself except obviously for the new car
but before that I never spend money on
myself all my day one subscribers
remember I had like this little phase
where I was trying to get myself a new
watch and I was debating between a ton
of watches and I just ended up never
buying one that's why my mom and dad
they were pretty much they told me to
get the car they're like you know what
you never spend money on yourself they
brought up the watch situation they like
just go for it yeah this just reminded
me because I'll come to all these stores
so all my day one subscribers remember
that guy so we were about to leave right
we're about to leave them all and we
gotta make that stop at Cinnabon so we
got our fries Philly cheesesteaks
sushi Cinnabon and cookies God's pretty
chilly down here like I said this might
not be chilly from where you guys are
from but we're in San Diego we're used
to the Sun you know 70 80 degree weather
I don't like regular cream ah yeah I do
I was early because I just sit at home
and watch movies and stuff but you of
course yeah I like to play basketball
you know I'd rather have it be hot and
sunny than cold and raining
we could get cozy at home work I love
this car so much so many memories guys
as much as we love Fetty WAP deluxe we
saw have to show Bryson tiller some love
only traps although you know someone
still to this day treats me when you
used to call ariana grande huh all over
Facebook oh wow crucify me now I was a
15 out of 15 year old boy with a crush
on Ariana Grande actually I had a crush
on Kat from Victorious it is her I know
but still it's Kat sorry not sorry and
let him know are my two favorite songs
from southern hey it's okay it's okay
there's 400 so you have to share some I
don't lie Bosley come down come down
this who we come home to get water
Bosley go argue about don't give me a
kiss
oh you miss me huh out what Marcos Oh
mucus Oh bodily okay okay okay no more
no more Bosley give me a kiss
hey we brought your teeth like five
times a day I know it's bad but it's
like a paranoia oh no my dad yeah my dad
and Jack again arguments all the time
over food but look we customized
Bosley's bed phoenix suns logo Bosley I
feel bad for you five and thirteen five
lanes and 13 losses sucks for you and
now your son's fan guys we get home from
the mall how does happen I don't know I
have no idea how that happened
Oh imagine I slapped your butt so hard
that the freaking like it came down the
whole moment of no time for some NFL and
chill we already watched the sun's lose
Kansas City verse Denver division game
there's actually a super big game seven
and three what do I get if we watch bar
rescue instead of this okay fine say no
more
this game is crazy this is one of the
best games of the season Kansas City
came up clutch but now let's see what
happens in overtime what's the thing
called one like you can if you
really close to something you start
getting really bothered closer of phobic
and I yeah what is it
closer phobic I know it's claustrophobic
guys oh my god the Chiefs got so lucky
with that fucking field I thought he
missed when I saw hit up I was like oh
damn he missed and then it went in so
the Chiefs win they're now in second
place yo the Broncos are done why would
they try to kick that 62 yarder Broncos
should have just punted it and then pin
them cuz the Broncos defense is good
enough to stop them but I don't know I
guess you could say that you win gains
by taking risks that was a big risk but
it didn't pay off guys shout-out to my
girlfriend this girl before we started
dating I swear to you she would watch
MTV II you know all these reality TV
show love in hip-hop now dating me she
literally watches basketball by herself
she checks the NBA app all day
consistently she asks me to watch
basketball and now she's getting into
football too but she does still make
time for her drama shows but shout-out
my girlfriend for learning all these
sports I'm telling you guys she's just
as big of an NBA fan as me it's pretty
crazy a little wild and a little weird
as well it is weird I go to your house
and you're literally watching NBA call
me my favorite word is finish that be
chili don't need you and your for anyone
it starts with ch
it's called CH Ike you don't eat it
again you need to vit that be jiggy
don't need to adjust dawg you guys don't
know this but like off-camera he it's
the biggest like what do they call it
when you're like like really like touchy
and lovey what is that look I always
have to do ah
okay wait yeah that's it what'd you get
- Anita Judy I'm Barney I don't even
know what those mean but I always laugh
