okay what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka bro Wallace and I'm here with
my beautiful girlfriend introduce
yourself
Jackie anyways guys so right now we are
sitting here in Jackie's car if you're
wondering why we are in Jackie's car it
is because I do not want to vlog the
outside of her house because there are
some crazy people who watch my videos
and due to the scare where I don't
really want people to find out where my
girlfriend lives because that's kind of
awkward we are not going to be vlogging
outside her neighborhood me and Brian
learned our lesson the hard way with
that when we would vlog outside of our
house before you know it you know the
story with that and my family does not
play like yeah okay before we get onto
today's video I have gotten asked I
don't know if there's any question I've
been asked in my life more than I get
asked this one every single day people
that watch my videos in the comment
section on my Instagram comments in real
life when I meet fans at the mall I get
this question all the time hey why do
you never go to Jackie's house why do
you never vlog at Jackie's house and my
answer to that answered this before but
I'll answer it again
I go to Jackie's house okay I have been
we are I saw the Jackie's house I've
been to her house multiple times
I don't vlog inside of her house because
I don't feel that it's respectful so a
lot of people have told me you know Oh
does your family hate you are you banned
from her house are you not a lot of her
house no none of that is true yeah I
know no none of that is true
I love her mom I love her mom's
boyfriend her brother her system so yeah
the the rumor that I'm banned from her
house or I'm not allowed our house isn't
true it's just out of my own respect
like every time I come to a house it's
when I've already finished my vlog
because I don't want to walk up into
someone else's house especially my own
girlfriend's house with a camera and
just start recording I know I just don't
want to do that some people don't like
when people record their homes so I
never ever record her house but I'm here
all the time yeah the difference today
is that her mom and her mom's boyfriend
and her sister they took a trip to
Chicago right for Thanksgiving they left
us they left nice very nice
they left Jackie here they went on
vacation to Chicago for Thanksgiving and
they gave us permission to give a little
house tour because so many people are
wondering what does Jackie's house look
like where does she live why do you
never vlog there so today we got
permission from my mother-in-law
oh wait sister-in-law sorry because she
looks young and very if you call them
mothers
not mother-in-law your mother-in-law or
elder she's my sister-in-law because she
looks so young
Jackie's mom you look very very good so
thank you for letting us do this house
tour Wow being a nice person grows on
hey say thank you for letting us do this
house tour without further ado so many
people have been asking me what the hell
does Jackie's house look like so today
we're gonna find out and for the last
time I'm not banned from this place her
family doesn't hate me I swear a lot of
people just because I don't blog in here
bro we all know Jackie's family hates
you we're gonna do a MTV Cribs my
girlfriend's home edition so welcome to
Mike let's get started okay she wants me
to show my slippers first of all these
are Jackie's slippers but she made me
wear them just to come outside so I
don't get my socks dirty they say sweet
dreams
okay so we have the grass right here
okay some decor shout out to Jackie's
mom's boyfriend Scott putting these out
very beautiful beautiful decoration
welcome melted melted right there see I
already feel at home a really really
good job setting this up right here
welcome and now we enter I know I was
already in here so guide us this is your
MTV Cribs we cannot we can't film in
there can we oh my gosh guys that is her
mom's boyfriend's office one time when I
went in there remember I asked him for
permission so much and I was so scared I
was like this one does it like this
first signs that you were he takes his
office Derek yeah its way office what is
that sound
my dryer first of all shout out to Scott
Scott is a Chicago Bulls fan and a
Chicago Cubs fan so you can only imagine
how hot how happy he was when they won
the World Series shout-out Scott this is
my first bathroom so this is the
bathroom
let me see yeah okay Nicki Minaj so I
mean when you're doing your business you
have a option oh wow so you have a
couple options so you're never bored
whether you forget your father you go to
the bathroom you have to wait yourself
so Oh
okay you lost a few pounds after that
pounds oh my god how much
okay so here's bathroom number one this
is Scott's office out of respect we
won't go in there okay you have the
decoration this house is very very nice
I give that an A+ first of all so here
is kind of where me and Jackie hang out
watch this is our TV - let me you're not
supposed to eat here movie
hey don't know you saw it watch it okay
but your mom will tell on me okay thank
you Mary Lou first of all look at these
pictures
okay you guys have never seen her mom in
the vlogs does she let did she let okay
fine but the story of his she literally
zone herself she cut her friends out of
the pictures frames so what was the
first time what was the first thing I
watched on this TV you thought I was
crazy cuz I got it I remember how it
happened everywhere we're sitting here
you literally jump on the freaking couch
guys oh my god this is when we first
started dating she didn't know what she
was getting herself into
yeah I was like hey I'm so Jackie this
is the firestarter conger babe I know I
used to actually call her Jackie I was
like hey Jackie do you think we could
put on the Phoenix Suns game on TV
because I don't want to miss it
she's like yeah sure what channel and
little did she know I was going crazy I
was jumping she's like oh my gosh
the Lakers was a sUNshine Lakers game so
we're through with the first bathroom
Scott's office
first of all Scott haven't seen you at
the gym in a long time so I just go to
the gym not with Scott but he would be
in the weight room and I'll be playing
basketball he would watch me play he
wouldn't is some good moments from me
over there at the gym I give the design
and decor an a-plus okay so this is come
on focus
where there is weight it's not living
room area this is where we had
Thanksgiving dinner last year guys I
came here last year for Thanksgiving
dinner not the day of Thanksgiving but a
couple of days ago they did like an
early dinner I was so scared it was my
first
you've came here a couple of times for
most of first college it was the first
holiday dress up and II and God I was so
scared of maybe II know green peppers or
green yeah you have to be forced me her
mom forced me to eat a jalapeno it's
like my first time meeting her mom she's
like oh yeah try this jalapeno and she
was just laughing him because of how hot
it was and he was trying to act like I
was like I'm okay cuz I knew ok GJ I
knew we're doing a house tour yeah we
wash out your room yeah we want to show
your room don't worry I need it right
now are you when you're he was like
pretending like he was aggressive do you
need water cuz I know I was like no it's
fine
oh yeah this is tiny Oh a lever to miss
yourself why not us oh my gosh you're
breaking the rules
look I'm respectful for this home yeah
wine cabinet is this where the wine
comes over this for water but we don't
put wine in there and yeah you can okay
that's Scotty's class when they go to
conferences okay so he brings a flask
within the school flask all her like
cups like vintage I'm telling you this
house whoever decorated it whether it
was Scott or your mom very very good job
I like it
it's very nice look at this all over the
wall the paintings this vase is a second
one this is their so only my mom and
Scott Issa so they only stay here to
watch TV and then me and Jackie sit over
there to watch TV oh and this is where
remember when I came here on Christmas
Eve that was scary too we can they got
me gifts yeah imagine I had only been
here like a couple of times before that
and they got me gifts and I was here
with their whole family and I was
opening the gifts and I was like
pretending like and I have to take
pictures member I did it Oh after
attending I actually like yeah my
mom does this thing like every gift that
you open she takes to come
Bradon going like this I don't know how
to smile I swear okay and then this is
like they're cool like little setup so
actually this one right here is one of
the fun ones that Brendan gave me yeah
what squadra Scott he's like why not
waxes it I'm he like he sprays it before
it goes out like so then it dries they
dry so that used to be a real healthy
living flower yes and this actually was
a pumpkin that Scott gave to me Luke I'm
joking okay so that's this area you got
the weights right there that's for
Jackie because she doesn't go to the gym
we'll do the backyard last the backyard
is really nice but we'll do it last so
you have the kitchen right here please
can I please show them Nicky's a
Christmas wish list yeah God Nicky how
long has up enough for like eight months
literally uh or the last like on
Halloween Nicky nice man
she literally made a Christmas wish list
in like January like I want this okay
let's see what it says so she wants wait
what does that say list okay Nicky what
the hell is this list it looks like 11
feet bTW first she wants a foam
projector then she wants money listen
she doesn't me try to hide it like she's
not even try to hide it she just
straight up put money then she wants a
scrub head uh and then this is what she
wants in her stocking so that was her
Christmas list now this is what she
wants in her stocking she separated it
she wants a gift cards and candy
deodorant
she said not too strong though so not
too close spiced Old Spice two bobby
pins a nice shavers so not just like a
razor a nice one and pentacle it's a
razor Nicky and then she said pizza
goldfish so that's Nikki's wish that
stops my eyes ours right here- 8.50 you
know that translates i translates a
negative blind yes my fridge
consignments her mom's very help very
healthy food that's why I'm never home I
don't eat her
too healthy fried Jackie her mom's the
opposite the cokes are mine
yeah the Coke and Pepsi is Jackie's
everything else is her mom's and then we
got a computer here oh yeah this is just
normal ego your only Nikki she doesn't
work here is our pantry again super
healthy I took all the unhealthy stuff
our Jackie's and then you have Scott
supplements you have his protein Brandon
got me one time yeah oh sorry I forgot
I'm just joking no ate another plan
we keep on by I'm not sure well I'm
telling you this this house is decorated
very very nice I actually still so my
mom's flowers over there the Scotty
keeps every time he gets her flowers he
keeps one and does nothing Scott is
someone I look up to I look up to my dad
first Scott a second he's very he's a
very gentlemanlike person any very
romantic to Mary Lou so I respect that
he keeps everything that people do in
the beginning of the relationship stages
and he keeps it fresh he keeps it going
guys look at Jackie
the nice pose okay
so please hold on we'll save this story
for laughs okay if you if you're
wondering why there's a chain on the
master bedroom will tell that story in a
little bit so stay tuned
yeah here's the laundry room I want to
see Scott's car Felix
uh-oh Oh spoiler alert look a Porsche
yeah and then of course show whatever is
your car she just got shit they just got
her a new car
Nikki shoutout Congrats look brand new
and no license plate yet it's nicer than
you so this is Nikki's new car but she's
in Chicago with the rest of the family
so she's not driving it yet
this is mama figs car so she doesn't
crash into them think that's what I need
I swear and this is Scott's Porsche he
doesn't really drive as you see because
it's covered are we allowed to show it
yeah okay Scott is a very successful man
oh it's a convertible too so here it is
hold on let's get you a better view so
here it is if you can't tell it's pretty
sexy so he did stuff to the inside -
honey customize it you can't really see
you know this car is beautiful drive
super fast let's just put the cover on
right now just in case we forget time
out guy so yeah they actually her family
went to Chicago because I have family
there right yeah so Scott is from
Chicago which is why he's a gold and
Cubs and Bears fan so they went to
Chicago for Thanksgiving to visit his
family but they left Jackie here because
they know how did it different they know
I'm going to depression without her so
they rocked the game huh guys when I
turned 21 Scott got me a gift card for
this bar so we can go there and talk
sports with each other oh my gosh my
baby picture oMG stop oh my gosh I'm so
cute haha yeah well you like the same
look again I'm just joking you don't the
same cheese and the under bags no it is
the same cheeks the same chick oh the
same Chiquito Chiquito me I said to
Quito okay guys so there is Jackie's
room if you can't well first here's
another patient
well first let me just tell you I have
to share her with my sister so so she
has room with her sister okay tell them
who got you these stuffed animals well
you do you still sleep with this every
night yes I actually sleep around it
they've made pillows now like this so I
got this for her for his Valentine's Day
and I got hey Nikki still using my
calendar yeah I got Nikki that calendar
last Christmas here what that's not a
guinea pig
haha your piggy bank piggy bank
yes that one you guys look alike yeah no
my mom actually came in here the other
day and said this is how I look like as
a baby this is my sister's bitch is
really very dark mm-hmm oh yeah her
sister's very mean shout out shout out
Nikki when you watch this you gotta fix
that attitude because I don't know you
can't very very mean person
that's all over so it's all good so then
here is just like my makeup so this is
really MTV Cribs since her isn't Nikki's
Nikki sealed all her clothes anyway so
Nikki almost Chicago they took fear of
my bootys they took it to Chicago so
they left on vacation and took Jackie's
clothes I'm dying
babe how many pillows do you need please
wear it
that's you to me when I start talking
about basketball GJ's room the what the
BART one day I took that Bart and put it
in the bathtub why is this we need to
prank your mom actually we need to see
he's down we need to do that soon I love
that painting Scottie gave to Jessa
that's nice
you wanna shout out your boy silver
rusty it's a JYJ's coworker watching my
videos Oh guys if you follow Jackie on
Instagram you see all her pictures are
taken right here before me and Justin
started dating because I we had fought
each other on Instagram I was like okay
I wonder where this is when I first came
to our house I was like so here is the
mirror here it is this is an infamous
Mir okay now the chain the chain
okay let's explain this to change first
of all what when I just she's a master
log word so bad word and number okay by
me my brother my brother was gonna drive
so we drove my parents to Chicago no you
did not
you drove them to the airport that's how
I get their port whatever and while
we're getting that he says he forgot his
ring and we're all like so he told so
Scott told the whole family forgot his
ring at home so he had to drive all the
way back okay we're like okay that's
weird Scotty doesn't forget anything he
asked like a man for everything shoutout
Scott weird so he goes inside blah blah
blah we drop them off we come back and
of course what do we see this so we saw
a picture and we're like what the fuck
mom where the shit is like what yeah
numbers and letters oh my gosh we
literally texted and she had no idea so
Scotty yeah and then he got caught so
Scott lied to the whole family saying he
forgot his ring when in reality he just
forgot to lock the room what was his
reason he doesn't want me sleeping in
the bed for room that's it that's the
whole hey so um do I want you to wear
her clothes so it's not just Nikki that
steals your clothes it's your mom too
okay confirm hey
basically he's psycho my mom got mad we
got mad yeah what did your mom say cuz
he didn't tell your mom let me just tell
you the text her mom didn't appreciate
Scot lying about going to lock her
daughter out of the room it's cotton
psycho I can't believe it I just asked
him he completely out of his my children
speaking now she speaks she speaks
English he says Jackie don't sleep in
the bed either irrational he crazy
she's a Jackie don't be dramatic I said
why are we abuse
yikes she said just take it out with a
bobby pin I saw it on YouTube oh my gosh
basically she tried to tell us to break
into and then she sent us a picture of
him and I said her this cuz I was being
petty
for him plug
so guys yeah that's pretty much Jackie's
home the last part is the backyard it's
very nice actually you guys have been
asking for this you guys always ask me
what does Jackie's home look like
because I never vlog in here you know
people there's just crazy rumor that
like your family hates me and I'm not
allowed in your home so guys my first
vlog in here so this usually turns out I
tried tuning on last time that um so
these are on the timer for Christmas you
can tell so usually the lights turn on I
don't know if you can see up here guys
but this is on the mountain if you can't
tell like a canyon so there could be
coyotes snakes yeah I know I've seen one
when I was driving I swear I was like
what the hell is that Bosley Hey
okay so there's a little setup here fire
hey is that what your mom made me eat no
she made me eat the green one Oh at
least it was a fresh homemade yeah
and then this is the flavor I sit on
after we get in an argument guys this is
actually a really nice view I want to
show that night we still have how much
longer do we have the house to ourselves
two days tonight hey okay okay so this
is where the coyote comes
yeah and then this is literally you can
oversee so many things that's so much
could probably see my house from here
somewhere I don't know
shout out Beyonce sweet dreams
that's my favorite song you think about
life you think about why am i dating
Broadus yeah Miss Mary Lou why did you
think it was funny
one of my first times here to feed me
and remember she was looking for a ghost
pepper but you guys didn't have it if
she fed me the ghost pepper I would be
done I think since you guys are from El
Salvador she wanted to see if I can
handle spicy food so I couldn't act like
a pussy Saul's like okay Brandon don't
do not act like a tough salt like this
mm-hmm
she's like you want more I was like
mm-hmm see what no I'm not gonna record
the master bedroom Scott would literally
then out really oh that's why he locked
Scott won't record the master bedroom
because then the rumor would come true
about how I'm banned from the family
pets have a lot of memories here
Thanksgiving last year Christmas Eve I'm
serious
gosh Scott is he's Danny Tanner he's a
really really big neat freak listen if
you spill a drop of water on the counter
you're like your life is over Scott
would literally kill you yeah and he
doesn't let you eat anywhere it is you
are not allowed to eat in the room you
know you're only allowed to eat in the
kitchen but Jackie doesn't listen I
respect his Scott but anyways I remember
when I first started dating Scotty
he he gave me a ton I mean oh wait what
haha way old ah okay I like it but not
that much when I'm sorry Mary Lou I
didn't mean him but when I first started
dating Jackie you know how like the
parents test you to see if you're the
one you know what Scott did he gave me a
towel and a Windex spray he made me wipe
down the counter and I don't know if
this is like a test to see if I was able
today Jackie or not he came he didn't
just feel it or look at it he literally
went like this he looked at it from the
bottom down the corner of his eye I was
so scared I don't know that was one of
the scariest ones actually kind of the
hey those are my cookies commenting
about a lot of scariest moments of my
life I'm happy haha so yeah guys I mean
this is Jackie's home I'm not sure what
more you want to see you guys always ask
me to do a vlog at Jackie's house and I
give you the same answer every time I
don't feel respectful walking into
somebody else's house with my vlogging
camera and just start recording so I
never did it but we finally got
permission from her mom hey what is it a
long hard day you just need a coat to
relax yeah I just talk so much any to
imagine isn't it my life every day
talking this well Brandon gets here
first thing he does oh it's tired who
knows sooner or later maybe Jackie's mom
would want to be in the videos maybe
Scott would want to be in there I don't
think Scott ever yes God never okay fine
I don't think Scott's gonna want to be
in the videos but we might have to prank
her mom so that might be the first time
you guys meet her I want to see the
telly telly telly tubby antenna the TV
antenna so yeah guys thank you so much
for watching this video thank you guys
for everything let me know what you guys
think of Jackie's house I think it's
really really nice I think it's set up
very nice
the decorate it's decorated very well
Scott and my sister-in-law
aka Jackie's mom did a really nice job
with this house oh there's a special
message to your family in Chicago I hope
you guys are enjoying
your time in Chicago hopefully it's not
too cold over there but we all know that
it's chilly it's freezing down there in
Chicago I hope you enjoyed your
Thanksgiving if you went Black Friday
shopping I hope you want it safe because
Black Friday shopping people over there
aren't crazy so I hope you are enjoying
your time and I hope you guys brought me
a souvenir for when you get back I'll be
waiting so uh thanks for letting me film
this house and thanks for letting me
stay here
we miss you guys Jackie misses you guys
GJ misses you guys hey and we'll see you
guys when you get back for you guys that
are watching this video I hope you
enjoyed this video drop a like if you
did let me know what you guys think
about Jackie's home videos here maybe
we'll do more videos here we'll see so
thank you guys for watching guys wait
before I fully end this video one last
memory I remember a shout-out to myself
I remember I brought McDonald's for the
family member your mom made some chicken
nuggets and we ate chicken babe and we
ate um chicken nuggets and burgers so
shout out to myself for treating this
family to a good nice dinner that was
like last year you remembered and your
mom tried the sweet and sour sauce
hey big head spin your Teletubby antenna
please and I missing you guys at the gym
I used to see her mom and her mom's
boyfriend at the gym all the time
because I used to go at night almost
every single day that was before I
started taking YouTube very seriously
and dogs before I just got very busy now
I only go during lunchtime guys I really
used to go twice a day I used to go
every day at lunchtime and then I would
go back at night I'll play basketball
twice a day her mom and her mom's
boyfriend go at night so I would see
them almost every day and now I don't
cuz I'm just too busy I started taking
YouTube more seriously with editing and
filming so I miss seeing you guys at the
gym guys you want to know the funny
thing about Jackie's house look look so
this is Jackie's house right
my cousin literally lives right there
that is my cousin's home right there my
first cousin hey Gilbert if you can hear
me
I texted you
someone flirty
saying what beautiful how it's bringing
in he hasn't texted me all day oh wait
actually can you tell them what Nikki
said about the Christmas gifts the
budget that she's on cuz Chicago so
expensive and I asked her what she got
me for Christmas
and she said only Christmas presents I
didn't get have enough and I said are
you kidding me as a major she goes
everything here stole person tax shit's
expensive
okay so Nikki her sister supposed to get
them Christmas gifts in Chicago and she
says she can't do it because the sales
tax is 12 percent so she can't get them
Christmas gifts from there just cuz I'm
not at my house doesn't mean watching
cops stops still gonna watch cops look
he got chased you see the wire right
there no I'm mad because you never watch
movies as well you could put a movie I
just love cops okay if you really wants
your relationship is 95 percent of right
no 98 percent you 2 percent me no it's
not 98 percent sons 1 percent me 1
percent you whatever the sons do that's
what we do can you tell Nicky to get me
a gift even if it's 12 percent tax guys
she's forcing me to watch The Hangover
do you like this movie more than cops
only cuz she's giving me a foot rub
there's my favorite part of the day
serving it up Gary's one yes
guys next season Jackie says she's gonna
buy em Bailey pesto she can watch the
NBA games yeah what have I done to you
what game did you want to watch earlier
which game though we're watching his
first and J shoutout J it worked
first of all are the Spurs ever gonna be
bad
look they're undefeated on the road and
it looks like they're gonna win this one
two undefeated on the road so far this
season and Markieff Morris got ejected
what a surprise that like that doesn't
even surprise me Gregg Popovich's what'd
you say he looks like he's full of what
wisdom he is he's like a wizard
he's crazy crazy good guys we just
watched
Russell Westbrook get his seventh
triple-double of the season that's crazy
we're watching Stephen Adams postgame
interview but Westbrook just got his
seventh triple-double
I can't see that far wait did I think
it's gonna go
