why-why-why okay there's a few things
wrong with this let me explain my point
of view so first and foremost the name
is spelled wrong
it is BOS le why this is spelled with a
Z second why is Bosley's named up on the
fridge who did this dad
okay god I mean Luigi dad I don't know
Luigi I have a few questions for you why
first of all wise bother his name up on
the fridge didn't there be like some of
my grades from college or old test from
high school or some accomplishments of
me and Brian wise Bosley's name on the
fridge oh please answer that for me he
is that's true and why is his name
spelled wrong that second my second
question why did we get a car sticker
for a Bosley whose idea was that
so we all have cars my mom dad Brian and
myself Bosley doesn't have a car so we
just got him a car sticker I don't know
maybe he's getting those toy cars from
Toys R Us
where is Bosley Oh Bosley did you see
your name up on the fridge dad you can't
scare them on thanks guys this is coming
from luigia appreciate it happy just
stepped on Bosley
wait Luigi go call my dad cuz we're
gonna say Happy Thanksgiving message
from our family so please go get him and
please get my mom please
Bosley he's gonna buy it I don't know
I'm as confused as you are with this I
wake up and I see Bosley's name on the
damn fridge and I'm just like what has
Bosley done to this
it's the only thing like I said we could
have some accomplishments of myself and
Brian maybe some old test scores but
it's mom whose idea was it to put
Bosley's name on the fridge but who
ordered him a car sticker in the first
place that's my question why did we
order Bosley a car sticker from the
dealership and we spelled it wrong guys
there's too many things wrong with this
I'm done
mom we're just waiting for Brian and dad
and then we're gonna say the message who
are you going for Mario detroy in
Minnesota
Detroit shout-out chaldeans Detroit
right Mario is a Cowboys fan my dad's a
Chargers fan boo Mario Mario is a fan of
the nine and one Cowboys
yeah Brian please go help him find my
dad because we can't find it so great
okay guys so I know yesterday's video I
set up with not upload today I'll spend
the day with my family because we've got
mom would tell them where we're going we
always we always goggle for things get
into her house yeah you make the best
fool shout out to right so I wasn't
gonna upload to now she's gonna spend
the whole day with my family but I
figured since you guys show us so much
support every single day we want to give
a Happy Thanksgiving to all you guys
watching and everybody who has ever
supported us not
other youtubers in the family but even
the people without the channels you guys
show them support too and even someone
who doesn't deserve support this guy
Bosley you so know you're gonna point at
me I'm like well to him too but hey no
from myself - so quick Happy
Thanksgiving to everybody what we're
thankful for I'm thankful for my brother
my mom my dad Bosley my girlfriend
Jackie was not here she just left but
she sent her thanks to all you guys I'm
thankful for you all you guys who show
me support every single day so shout out
you guys Happy Thanksgiving
spend it with the people you love and go
eat a bunch of food Brian up to the
podium and Paige might be my vice
president have you Thanksgiving to all
of you guys I hope you have a great day
and first of all for most I'm thankful
for my family of course family first
thankful for all my friends and thankful
for my fans all you guys all the
supporters so I appreciate all the
support you guys give us they help you
as well and yeah eat a lot today and
have a good one okay happy Thanksgiving
everyone I hope you have a great
Thanksgiving eat a lot of food thank a
lot of people around you hug your family
I'm thankful for God giving us
everything first
thankful for my family I'm blessed to
have them around me thankful for
everything that we have thank you guys
oh no with the other guys
happy Thanksgiving to everybody and I'm
thankful for thankful for everybody in
the family
and I hope you guys enjoy your cookie
and eat a lot of food including guys I'm
thankful for food and sleep thank you
have a good they're looking lovely for
Thanksgiving follow jerky my turkey is
about this big and it feeds how many
people time people think about how many
people watch almost feel how many people
you would see Jenna's video I know like
I said I wasn't sellin a but we just
wanted to give a little thank you
because we are all mom no we are all
thankful for you guys you guys we're so
happy they're here no please next video
watch someone send them up a toothbrush
no God we're obviously thankful grateful
for all you guys let's go weather for
you we wouldn't be this happy so shout
out to you guys like I said spend today
with the people you love the people you
care about
that's literally what Thanksgiving is
for if you don't celebrate things to be
true in another country then they just
have a good Thursday I guess watch some
football eat a lot of food guys this is
your excuse nobody can judge you for how
much you be you can literally sit back
like this and just keep eating and no
one can say anything it's Thanksgiving
oh and yes and I gave a shout-out to the
military all the troops who are at home
for Thanksgiving yeah shout-out to you
guys I'm sure your family's thankful for
you guys one last time from Jack because
she wanted to be like
she spent the night but she had to go
home early so uh yes yeah so one last
time thank you to you guys I'm thankful
for my family I don't think oh I didn't
go I'm thankful for the Phoenix Suns I
know I was gonna say I can we did it out
earlier I know there's a lot of Tears
frustration anger sadness broken remotes
and controllers and phone I understand
but at the end of the day this is my
team I love them I stick through them I
stick with them through thick and thin
and I can't wait for the day one day
they're gonna be holding the trophy up
right now I don't know if I'm gonna be
alive cuz keep Greinke what's the
average lifespan for a man like 70 75
years around that it might take the sons
a couple hundred years before they win
one but I'll be here in spirit so I'm
thankful for everybody but most
importantly we're thankful for you guys
it's like my mom said you guys are the
reason me and my brother are here you
guys are so happy so I hope you enjoyed
this little video and happy Thanksgiving
to all you guys peace oh say like gosh
your pizza eight ten wait please tell me
that uh sure so people don't roast me in
the comment section Brian oh by the way
guys brian is alive the killer Tom he is
alive no let me give you my side of it
I'm at Jackie's house watching
basketball and I see a bunch people
tweeting me
hello is rug okay it's rug okay and I'm
just like wait what the hell happened to
Brian like no I thought Brian died or
something I was like wait what the hell
like I'm just tweeting about path once
people were telling me bro are you
stupid did you see your brother's
snapchat it's bad lot more important
than your brother and me and Jack you're
just like wait what the hell are they
talking about and then I saw the
snapchat I I'm like skate skate time
okay happy thing sending one last time
Abby being seaming guys have a good day
oh my god you just wait we're matching I
know my mind just woke up for sure yeah
okay guys I'm depressed dad no
basketball today it's just football the
NBA is nice they're letting the team
spend time with their families videos
out okay bye dad my
be safe and like I said just a them a
lot of food that's you yeah no that's
your chances tomorrow there is no food
just in the leftovers
tomorrow some people like the leftovers
there I hope this video um felt like it
came from the heart it was sort of like
a unedited uncut video just so you guys
can kind of feel that this came from the
heart it wasn't just speaking with our
mouths we were speaking with our who's
speaking with with like I said we're
speaking with our heart so I hope you
guys heard it that way we really do love
you guys my whole family loves you guys
hi guys just to end this video first of
all if you're still watching at this
point I literally love you but I feel
like I didn't say it enough in the video
which I probably did but I don't know I
don't care I'm gonna say it again I'm so
thankful for all you guys everybody
who's ever supported not just me my
brother and also my family you guys
don't know it but you make my mom and
dad's days like when they read comments
about them like oh mama rug is so
beautiful or Papa truck is so funny it
literally makes their day and they won't
admit it but I could tell trust me
I'm their son I could tell so thank you
guys thank you for obviously putting me
and my brother in the position that we
are today I'm very very thankful and
blessed for you guys and I'm also
thankful and blessed thanks to God that
we were able to be living like this so
so thank you so much for watching this
video
I'm gonna spend today with the people I
love most my family my girlfriend and
also my distant family my cousins aunts
uncles and I want you guys to do the
same and if you're lucky and I got a
hold of your address I'll send you a
piece of Bosley I don't know we might
have some we probably won't have the
legs left over because that's the good
part we're gonna eat the legs but I
might send you some of his tail or maybe
his now I don't know we'll see no but
really if there's one thing's for sure
I'm very very thankful blessed and
grateful to be in the position that I
end today same with my brother and also
I'm thankful for you guys
