hey no warming up
cheater cheater warm up yeah no warm up
hot cheater you're still moving your
legs to warm up okay guys so if you're
wondering what this weird setup is me
and my brother
first of all shout out to my brother
supporting me right now but me and my
brother are going to be doing a shooting
contest so there's 11 cones we're going
to be shooting from each one one time
obviously everyone you make you get one
point so there's 10 right here of normal
range but then there's one which is far
away we call that the triangle shot and
that's worth 2 points so in total you
can get 12 there's a 10 regular shots
worth 1 point and then there's a
triangle shot worth 2 points so that's
their nothing hold on this is what I did
mention to my brother when you agreed to
the video
loser has to streak in their box or the
quality of neighborhood so really
whoever that's triggering their work up
they can't do that
why the hell me at all it's okay fine on
a nice body and God it might be B ought
to you guys but here in San Diego
consider he's chilly right now you know
okay I said that in yesterday's video I
got some oceaxe that are pretty chilly
Troy living in Minnesota okay living in
Alaska like okay let me elaborate get it
in other parts of the country in the
world it might be colder but we are
three months it's funny chilly it's good
yeah that started colder out there that
to us - urban training trip chilly early
morning late November it's about to be
December wintertime so who wants a song
you go yeah this is no warm-up shooting
contest me where's my brother
we're gonna be embarrassing I go first
yeah okay so it's pretty much like an
around the world okay that's your first
guys I got my pay less running shoes on
him more Winnipeg Mervin I can't lose
with you those are painless they look
nice
three
Thunder
like the right side
hmm
if I'm a triangle wave we're both at
seven right now
Oh what we do for a tiebreaker
we both got seven choose half of them so
far so we do 1 3 5 or 2 4 6 we skip
every they do even or odd numbers yeah
and then the triangle and the tiebreaker
is only worth one point fine how did I
make these rules only like eight years
away we used to always play this game
wow it's just gonna survive so complex
so ever since we were kids used to play
same all the time but I wanted to move
video
it's very well
zero
okay same thing you go out this time
another making same thing we're tied
cheater
put it back if I want to step like this
are you trying to cheat makes us unique
not tiebreaker party tiebreaker part 2
all right now so now we shoot the
opposite one this is all this is all not
both of your streaky now Oh No okay so
now the opposite both me
for the sons to draft Josh Jackson in
June that's how cyber Phoenix up season
has been I'm already looking at mob
drafts
it's not even December it's still
November and I'm already looking at 2000
something MBA mock draft that just
addressed feeling something Josh Jackson
are marquel fools
oh wait here's my
I'm sore because I played a game last
night and I didn't hire tiny bite all 40
minutes I didn't rest hmm what I like
playing on the road
brian has to make mr. time big what's
the other time your time passes like me
cheater no he moved it hey final round
her brother Lee Street that does not
sound right
what
this is so tough because it's angle
where you don't know if you should hit
it off nitrogen to this data from the
back watching angle bless you and I am
92% from the line so warm
I am 92% from the line
ah oh my gosh too much pressure you
played it too many times
started out strong right this is a hard
game I need that I mean my dad is Sean I
was making formal Treiber get on home
come on Brando
No
did you just win the championships win
the championship
yes won the championship another swish
no rim or glass straight down
you didn't wear that little okay will
you cheat somebody sign it
this sir is scary how old are you guys
Oh No off the corner of the glass again
the corner he really threw it up in the
air
if I made this than you off the street
Brian you miss up urban well they're
saying hi 99
oh great okay okay oh they don't know
yet okay if you make four in a row then
you don't have to do it I tied them cuz
my jacket s to take them all right
yeah nice but
by some in a new Thomas Tommy analyze
all baby coming what to do wait you have
to take off your boxers to know the last
one off glass is cheap are you ready
you're so annoying
waited for them to close the garage my
ass way no not only sweats first before
my armpits in life you look good
you sure running sing a song while
you're doing it yeah you know what
people who do cross country running this
all the time I know well you do it tell
me one to go ready set go
pass the baton
you're gonna get why
Oh
ah Brandon go go what are you doing
cheater
come on brother
Brandin jingle bells sing jingle bell
come back around to the mailbox spring
how was it I don't even care that the
street guy just kid I love ya ez game ez
win easy W right Jeff undefeated against
private one-on-one yeah that's true I
win these challenges but that was good
wait how old are you guys when you play
this cuz this is hard
we're like seven or hey will close my
dad okay guys okay I hope you enjoyed
this no shoes ratchets we used to play
this game all the time when we were
younger like seven or eight years old -
the streaking obviously so I figured why
not make a video out of it tomorrow then
oh sorry guys tomorrow I won't be
uploading because where are we going
we're going to my cousin's mouth we're
all going to be getting together like
I'll be going to be watching this in the
garage embarrassment oh we should have
made that a part of the deal I know okay
go you guys so I'm sorry guys
tomorrow I will not be uploading that's
gonna be my first day missing like two
weeks I apologize for that I hope
everybody enjoys their Thanksgiving wait
do you have to solve all three I'm
cooking Bosley tomorrow yeah yes I
thought he saw him tonight and yeah I
hope guys enjoyed this video
right that last shot was blue all the
glass why can I tell you a secret when
Scotty was making the turkey my mom had
just told him that she saw your dog so
he took a picture with the turkey like
this saying that it was your dog and I
didn't send it lines are long it's too
late together just gonna cook balls and
save money and it's worth it honestly
looked the same just no help and you
have more fashion probably taste good
that's what I'm saying I'll just lose
him that's it yeah okay thank you guys
for watching you have a good day alright
you cut cut screaming Brian screaming
happy Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving
everybody
yo guys in all seriousness I know not
everybody celebrates Thanksgiving so
it's not fair for me to see here and you
know oh I hope everybody has a good
thing saving but for all those people
who do celebrate Thanksgiving this goes
out to you guys spend it with your
family spend it with your friends spend
it with spending with the people who you
care about most that's what Thanksgiving
is for um tell them you're thankful for
them I'm thankful for you guys obviously
I'm thankful for my family my mom dad my
brother Bosley I'm super thankful for
Jackie I'm thankful for
Phoenix sounds even though we suck so go
spend it with your family go have fun
enjoy your dinner and tell your family
are thankful for them tell your partners
you have a partner with their boyfriend
girlfriend wife husband telling we
thankful for them and now one special
shout out shout out to all the troops
who are out serving our country so they
can't spend their Thanksgiving with
their family shout out to you guys
anyways for those of you who do
celebrate Thanksgiving enjoy tomorrow
make the most of it if you don't
celebrate it enjoy your Thursday just
like any regular Thursday and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video
