guys so we were downstairs and Jackie
was like babe go upstairs I was
surprised for you and she's like it's a
snack you know cookie jalapeno cheddar
Cheetos she brought me Cheetos this is
how you know you're dating Hispanic
thank you babe I know this is I know
you're dating a girl from El Salvador oh
yeah you are no but I actually like
these why you'll koala big eyes she was
asleep until I woke her up I laid with
her in bed and what was the first thing
you said she was literally asleep as she
woke up and she said I'm only sleeping
because you didn't feed me yeah how's
that the first thing you thought of when
you woke up I went to sleep because I
was so mad at you know I would editing
my video I cannot feed it a laptop in
the editing program I can't figure she
said no you did not
she's saying she made herself go to
sleep as if she's not always a koala
bear that always sleeps she said she
made herself go to sleep because we
didn't get food and so when I laid up
when I laid in bed with her she turned
around and she said no I'm sleeping cuz
you didn't feed me because I literally
coming okay okay let's go eat but no God
I'm so thankful for this snack from
Jackie thank you she surprised me I was
a great surprise name no you were just
smiling why are you smiling because I'm
hungry because now I'm going to call my
ordering from where I'm going to call in
a cheese cuz a deer with your accent
castle yeah haha quesadilla
what's it no we're going to go get food
hey hey wait these I ate them when all
of editing you got them for me as a
surprise you said you got me a surprise
okay say quesadilla yeah okay we're
going to Rubio's to go pick up a
quesadilla and now Jackie's happy guys
latina girlfriends already crazy but do
not mess with a hungry one wait like
hungry hungry hippo have you guys seen
the video
that little girl that's eating chicken
edits I'm just wanting this that's you
she has little buns that's me you have
big buns yes hmm
cuz of you so it's not Kay cedilha look
at what a difference so when she was
hungry she was literally gonna kill me
like I say Kay
and now just cuz I said we can go get
why do you want cheese or chicken
quesadilla you want cheese or chicken
chicken climbers cheese what's healthy
oh my god you got them for me you said
it was a surprise for me what's so bad
if I ate it
guys look at what I did you found them
give me them damn you that you found
them they're mine fuck no guys I just
got caught on camera no yesterday showed
asking where the twin snakes were and I
didn't want to give them turn because
they're so good so ever so I told her I
ate them I went like this I said yeah
they're in my belly
but they were really hidden and she just
goes hey okay fine fine
okay fine no quesadilla okay no
quesadilla babe stop eating we're gonna
go eat look at what a difference a
hungry a hungry girlfriend between one
who's about to go eat the difference in
emotions is unreal oh my god would she
believe I to me I know because I want to
eat no we can't say anymore
yeah we could no I didn't lie you
stretch the truth love to say that she
found the TWiT steaks they were in my
luggage bag oh my god guys these are so
good skuzz jackie has another complaint
as if it's so much okay tell them what
you just told me my hands what about
them
why babe you want to be fat so bad
you're not fat guys we showed up to
Rubio's and it's super busy inside I
don't know if you guys can see and we
had totally forgot today is
I talked on Tuesday so there's so many
people here guys usually like I don't
like to put workers on blast in my vlog
but honestly like so I'm holding a ton
of things in my own hand okay I'm
holding the two cups of salsa without
caps in my hand and I'm trying to open
the door for myself I see a worker walk
by with two plates in his hand so I felt
bad so I stayed and I held the door open
for him with my back all my hands were
full I held it open for him with my back
he literally walks right through walks
past me doesn't say a single word okay
but again one more time my hands are
full
I have salsa packets drink everything in
my hands and I hold the door open for
the worker first of all should have been
the other way around the worker should
hold the door open for the customers and
he doesn't even say thank you he walks
right past and then walks right back in
without saying a single word I'm telling
you I don't like to put workers on blast
because they're here to do their job
they're here to make money but honestly
like the least you could do say thank
you I hate people who are rude I hate
people with no manners I hate that I
swear it really isn't that hard to say
thank you it takes one second it's two
simple words guys one more time I really
don't like to put people on blast in my
vlogs because they're just here trying
to do their work but honestly like see
ya he could have been having a bad day
he could have been something happened
over there at work but honestly a simple
thank you is not that hard to do
oh you on it with the quesadilla she's
so busy eating okay take a bite that's
how the little girl is take a bite
she literally a role model ha ha where
we gonna go you tell me which mall to
good because I don't know okay guys
before I move forward with this video I
just want to wish a super super big
happy birthday to my brother Brian or as
you guys may know him Facebook 20 years
old right now came to my room this
morning I wish him happy birthday but
I'll do it on my camera that's crazy
20 years old I literally remember when
me and my needs to shower together and
like when we were like 19 18 years old
and don't drive no really happy birthday
if you think about this in one more year
365 more days buys ones b2100 one and
that's just I I can't even think that's
crazy to learn about I know I love Brian
that's my brother thank you and Brian
Jeff's a limo I love you dollar thank
you okay I'd uh no guys it's just
actually Craig come here sit I'll up
really quick oh because here cover cover
okay okay uh uh your bony ass is so bony
800 is no guys I'm pretty happy birthday
one last time to my brother Brian like I
said it's so weird that he's actually
twenty years old but hey Oh longer a
teenage life life you grow up you get
older okay happy birthday bro thank you
now we can continue on what you saw her
diapers no right oh really miss
obviously it's okay listen you know me
for what is you know my saying do today
do today you know like every time I have
a college assignment new or some
homework I always say that do today do
today
well that doesn't only apply for
homework because in case you didn't know
you figure out what did you get Brian
what's his gift well we're on our way to
the mall right now we're going to get
Brian's gift literally I save everything
till the last second
know why it's so bad guys all you
younger people watching my videos don't
pick this habit up do not become someone
who procrastinate and waits until the
last second because it's not a good
habit I'm lucky I still get the things
done but I just put a lot of stress on
myself so right now I'm headed to the
mall I'm seeing Brian tonight I'm seeing
him in a couple hours so I'm literally
doing this right before I see him I
don't know I was thinking cuz Brian
loves clothes you know in hobbies
whatever I don't know I'm thinking
should I get him shoes
I'm very honestly what's the key that
you should get is the same ones that you
know I don't know I'm super picky with
shoes I need it
listen Brian I'm putting you on blast
right now cuz you might have thought in
kachu last year for Brian's birthday
I'll have my jacket a hoodie from
holster guess what happened he gave it
away to one of our family members so
Brian first of all rude so if I'm buying
him shoes or I'm buying him clothes I
need to make sure it's something's gonna
wear because I don't want to waste my
money and have them not like it cuz I
leave Brian's nice enough to fake being
happy you know when he sees I'm here
like oh thank you so much I love them
and I can't tell if he's being serious
or not so I have to get something that
I'm sure he's gonna wear um I'll
probably end up getting my pair of shoes
maybe some shirts I don't know we'll see
but yeah guys do today do today and now
we're gonna go pick up his birthday gift
you're Orange like Donald Trump
okay guys so we're here at the mall I've
never been to this mall honestly we're
deep in El Cajon right here right now
but I am depressed I just fell into a
deep depression because they don't have
potato corner here so I can't eat those
hot fries you know every single time I
go to the mall down by where I live I go
to the potato corner and I get those hot
fries every time I go to the mall and
today we looked it up and there's no
potato corner here so I guess I'm not
burning my tongue tonight watch I am
because you're spicy but I'm not burning
it with food
said you can still talk some cutting the
boys like
Jacky's trying to say to get Brian oh no
I'm starving let's eat first in the wall
here Brian's games I know you're not
turning down food come on down guys were
on the hunt for the food court and
Jackie just told me she's gonna die she
doesn't eat right now okay I said I need
a fuck oh whoa
three Wetzel's pretzel shops and no food
court is that the hopefully that's not
the only thing they have here we'll see
guys I'm so high I just found a sweet
factory I don't even want to eat food
anymore I love sweet factory do I have
to eat real food so I can just go get
candy wait look guys
oh wait I always try to zoom in four
foot four front camera I forget we can
zoom in with the iPhone I left my camera
in the car guys even in a mall I've
never been to Iran to three huge
supporters let me go
what's your guy's name Randall I'm a
fella
he says he's my biggest fan but but he
reacted like you with my biggest fan so
I don't know which one I was beating yes
thank you you all take a picture yes why
guys they called one of their friends
right here say what's up to the vlog
said your brother your brother works at
Rubio's yeah okay guys so I'm gonna find
the Rubio's I'm gonna surprise his
brother he said he watches me mine and
Brian's videos to some homages go don't
tell him I'm here did you already turn
okay I'll just go surprise him on camera
da yes sir you are shaking I was so low
until everything right
he said he's more nervous than me
watching a close son game I don't know
about that but it's pretty close though
guys this is actually how many people
have we met today no this is actually
crazy so I guess the area we're in right
now the area of the small is heavily
populated with Chaldeans just like
myself
I'm Chaldean everywhere every store that
I go every turn I make there's like fans
and supporters that watch my videos so
I've met so many people right now and
like it's actually crazy I watched it
see I told you
it's for the vlog I was just telling
them how like I'm walking around
everywhere I go people come up that
watch my videos so much love in this
area like it's actually insane I'm used
to going to the mall and I'll meet a lot
of supporters and I'm like extremely
happy and extremely excited with that
but nothing like today today is crazy
like I said it's because this is a
Chaldean area and that's what me and my
brother are we're Chaldean so a bunch of
people watch us here thank you
look this is my heart from the bottom of
my heart thank you I appreciate it
oh my god women
it's crazy never get my good angles look
someone said I look better in person why
is that because you feel me from my
double chin up a little too crazy right
now we haven't even shopped for Brian
because everywhere that I go there's
like supporters subscribers so we need
to get something for Brian really quick
Brian's getting suspicious he just
texted me saying where are you guys I
found just the rack for Brian Thrasher
you know how you guys call my high beams
because he did he doesn't even skate but
he wears Thrasher so you guys make fun
of him so you know what i'ma add on to
that I'm a gamer Thrasher t-shirt
oh yeah that would actually look nice on
Brian so yeah guys let's continue the
hype east trend
let's get Brian a Thrasher shirt I hate
when people comment bro why are you
wearing Thrasher you don't even skate
some people wear baseball jerseys they
don't play baseball some people wear
basketball jerseys they don't play
basketball I hate when people comment on
and shit saying bro why are you wearing
Thrasher you don't even skate so I'm
petty so imma get Brian Thrasher shirt
and Brian loves wearing Thrasher so I
think there's a good birthday gift
connection yeah you can
I'll be working everywhere Hey they saw
me postal snapped em they race down here
and they found me over here we've been
asking all these stores do you know
where I could find this room thank you
Julie's okay is Nene bean you're on the
blog yeah guys this is this is the girl
that showed all of them about my video
we're all subscribe yeah thank you
oh wait you leave first you leaked her
phone number she just leaked nnamdi's
okay thank you
well of you were all like cyber uncle
inspiration thank you oh wait wait oh
say what's up live long
yeah Jackie's going to guy so let's me
and Jackie just signed her phone case
okay and then she comes up she wants us
to sign her $20 bill so you're so you're
never gonna use this yeah oh my gosh you
want me to sign your jacket yeah okay
you just stole $20 from someone baby I
just want mom you're on the yeah you're
on the vlog I met so many Chaldean
people I know shout out I know Mom shout
out all the chaldeans
was it I just thought I met all of them
in the world Oh guys look what sure
Brian's rocking you like it is it yeah
guys you I got him
you're welcome I got him the ratchet
t-shirt but then I also got him the
tough long-sleeve so really have any
help so this ends onto the couch I know
I'm still gonna get you like eight
thrasher t-shirts just on purpose is
mommy gonna skate yeah but I just gotten
back my favorite guys listen so me and
Brian
well Brian wanted food you wanna do -
okay fine we I don't know why we were
craving Carl's jr. problems a nation
after a basketball game we'd always get
fucked you scored zero points that means
we can't like playing as the enemy team
with that no I thought we could put up a
challenge with like not the Warriors but
like the Bulls and Raptors like no cat
yeah calves because I could go on LeBron
right yeah that's what I say okay
actually shut up good guys so me and
Bryan when we used to play right ball
when we were like 10 and 11 years old we
used to go to college junior after every
game but anyways that's me on the point
Bryan's fucking lazy ass is staying and
being so I have to go get the food and I
don't know if you guys watched my my car
video a couple days ago but I mentioned
how just cuz I bought the ia I still
love my Lexus house so happy I was able
to keep the Lexus even after buying the
i8 cuz a lot of people were telling me
to just trade the Lexus in to get some
money back but I was like I can't I love
this car so we're gonna let the i8 rest
for tonight Brian I'm taking the Lexus I
miss you shut up
look guys you remember this pretty nurse
right here and the cross and everything
Brian so yeah guys I'm taking the Lexus
I still love this car
it was the first car that I ever paid
for with my money so I kind of see it as
literally like for his car so many
memories in this car I was so happy when
I bought the i8 that I didn't have to
sell this one
ohm I got so lucky and I'm so blessed
with that so like since I love you we're
gonna go take a trip across jr. or I
should call him Bledsoe cuz that's just
all I missed this car so much I swear
you know what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bruh wadis happy
Tuesday it is almost Thanksgiving
honestly I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
past couple videos have been
basketball-related and for those of you
who don't enjoy basketball I apologize
what I do when I make a basketball video
because I know not everybody likes
basketball I try to also make it like a
vlogs I do like basketball videos but I
also incorporate my real life so it's
like a vlog and a basketball video so I
hope it wasn't too bothering for those
who don't like basketball for those of
you who love that so I hope you guys
enjoyed those videos anyways today was
back to the normal vlogs you know me
Jackie my family living our daily life
anyways like I said Thursday things have
been coming up I hope everybody's having
a great day today and I hope everyone
has a great great rest of the week so um
so you know I went to the store to buy
Turkey because you know my family does
Thanksgiving together we all get
together and cook a big dinner a nice
chicken we all eat so I went to the
sorta by turkey and the lines are
extremely long you know getting closer
to Thanksgiving so everybody's rushing
to buy one and you know I told my mom I
was like mom there's no way I could buy
Turkey the lines are long drop a big
thumbs up if you would like me to cook
vols different things
trust me the lines were extremely long
you don't want bruh wattage to wait in a
line that long just trust me give a
giant thumbs up and I will actually cook
body for Thanksgiving I'll stealth him
I'll you know butter him and I'm he
would taste amazing and obviously he's
so fast on more food to go around so
drop big thumbs ups you want me to cook
Bosley on Thanksgiving and that way I
don't have to go waste my time buying
the turkey on a side know a little bit
about referees and sports on the Raptors
got absolutely screwed over when they
play the Sacramento Kings that one night
when Terrence Ross hit that three um the
Houston Texans got absolutely screwed
over yesterday on Monday Night Football
those rats were terrible I'm what the
hell is the point of having instant
replay if you're not going to be putting
it to use
I don't know the referees in the Kings
and Raptors game and the Texan graders
game was terrible but anyways props to
the Raiders eight and two and I'm a
Chargers fan so for me to say Prosser
the Raiders is the Raiders look really
good this year and I give credit where
credit to do so Raiders right now
leading the division and congrats you
Raider fans I know there's a lot of
rated fans that watch my videos but I
was watching because last time the game
was Mexico City the Raiders have a ton
of love in Mexico I tweeted that last
night I said the Raiders playing in
Mexico City was even more of a home game
than than playing in Oakland they have a
ton of love down there in Mexico City
and by the way Bruce urban player for
the Raiders
is that you or is that future I honestly
can't tell whether that's Bruce urban
playing or future but anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed this video on another side
know my Phoenix Suns still trash but
anyways we're gonna keep watching the
games and uh yeah my team sucks I'm
fuckin I'm out guys one last thing
before I go sorry um tomorrow's video I
don't want to spoil it but it is gonna
be sort of a surprise video I've never
done anything like it so I'm really
excited to to do it and I feel like you
guys will enjoy so remember tomorrow's
video should be up same time as all my
other videos 3 or 4 p.m. my time
obviously it's gonna be it's gonna be
funny it's gonna be something I've never
done before so I'm excited to do that on
one last side note when was the last
time I've done a prank I haven't done a
prank and so long I still haven't got
Jackie back for that clown one I haven't
my brother and so long so I'm not saying
that's gonna be tomorrow's video because
it's not but I need to get a big prank
going up soon so tune in for that but
tomorrow's videos going to be a surprise
so on yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video though
