what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bharata's and today Wow like I don't
even know what to say what we thought
was gonna be one of the more quiet NBA
trade deadline in history ended up being
hectic teams uh-huh the Cleveland
Cavaliers just went ballistic the day of
the trade deadline and it's just crazy
let me just start off by saying that
this was not supposed to be my video
today me and my friends went out and did
something crazy yesterday it involves
public dares at the mall and not just
regular dudes these are extreme theories
and I was supposed to upload that today
but things just went crazy and hectic
and a bunch of people are tweeting me
tounging to give my thoughts on
everything that happened in the NBA
today and so I'm gonna save that video
for tomorrow so as for today freakin
Isiah Thomas is a Laker
d-rose is not an NBA roster right now
Dwyane Wade is a member of the heat
again it's just look I'm just like okay
sorry as a basketball fan this is really
exciting it's it's just like this is
what makes the NBA so great I'm just
gonna get into it we're gonna start off
with what was probably the biggest trade
of the day Isiah Thomas gets traded from
the Cleveland Cavaliers to the LA Lakers
yes the same Isiah Thomas that the
castrated Kyrie Irving for yes the same
Isiah Thomas that led the Boston Celtics
through so much success last season yes
that Isiah Thomas is traded to the Los
Angeles Lakers attacked Isaiah the
Lakers got Cleveland's first round pick
no it's not Brooklyn's first round pick
its Cleveland's own first round pick and
Channing Frye and the Cavs get in return
Jordan Clarkson and Larry Nance now let
me tell you why I like this trade for
the Lakers actually I like this rate for
both teams ball get more into the cast
side a bit later let me tell you why I
think this is a win for the Lakers first
and foremost the Los Angeles Lakers are
not going to keep Isiah Thomas passed
this season what this is for Isaiah
Thomas is pretty much a 20 to 30 game
audition for him to get his money this
offseason but those who don't know
Isaiah as a free agent
he's been hungry for that max contract
and he doesn't seem like a team is ready
to give it to him just yet so what he's
going to be doing for the Lakers is
pretty much like yo I'm still the same
Isiah Thomas
was in Boston what you saw in Cleveland
was a fluke that's not the type of
player I am so he's gonna try to
showcase his talent for the Lakers for
the you next 20 to 30 game and then in
the offseason I just don't see any way
the Lakers bring him back he has
publicly came out and stated that he
thinks he deserves a max contract for
those who don't know a max contract in
today's NBA he's over 30 million dollars
per year Isiah Thomas wants a near 200
million dollar contract and I just I
don't see the Lakers giving that to him
they have this guy named Juan zou ball
and he plays the same position as Isiah
and I know a lot of Laker fans are gonna
be like oh but Lonzo six foot six he
could play the two guards spot you could
just shift them over to shooting guard
but it's not just about position
they both need the ball in their hands
and just and forget all that I myself I
would not want my team giving Isiah
Thomas two hundred million dollars it's
just I don't know
so what this does for Isaiah it helps
him out of it it gives them a chance to
go go to a team who's not a contender
you know the Lakers they don't have too
much pressure on them right now he'll go
to a team and showcase his talent try to
get his money this offseason but what
this does for the Lakers and this is why
I like it first and foremost it gives
them a first-round pick the Lakers did
not have a first-round pick this year it
belongs to either Philly or Boston and
so the Lakers are about to head into
this draft and kind of come up dry but
instead they get Cleveland's first-round
pick which I know it's not a top five
top ten pick but at the end of the day
just like they did with Kyle Kuzma you
could find talent later on in the draft
so the Lakers get a first-round pick and
not just that but what of the Lakers
been trying to do with every single damn
offseason for the past five years has
been to bring in three agents and for
whatever reason they just can't seem to
bring them in however this season with
Paul George obviously a member of the
Oklahoma City Thunder but a lot of
rumors of him ending up in LA and then
you have LeBron being a free agent
DeAndre Jordan being a free agent just
just a lot of big-name free agents this
summer and the Lakers what they did by
trading Larry Nance and Jordan Clarkson
and getting an expiring contract and
Isaiah Thomas in return what that does
it in a Buhl's that two men
contract slots for this summer now I'm
not sitting here in saying that they're
gonna sign to max contract players
because as we've seen in years past it
has been hard for the Lakers to bring in
big-name free agent but at least it
gives them the flexibility that they
haven't had in years past hey if you're
a Laker fan and you wise they're tongs
to stay just know that him & lanzhou
bulking the ball in their hands he's
expecting over 30 million dollars per
year so that's gonna cripple the Lakers
calf space but you don't care about Paul
George or LeBron or anything that yet
you could reach on Isaiah Thomas the
next trade that went down today was and
I really really like this move for the
Cleveland Cavaliers so what the
Cleveland Cavaliers did they acquired
George Hill and Rodney hood they gave up
Jae Crowder
Iman Shumpert d rose d rose went to Utah
he got waived
so he got traded to Utah but he's not a
member of the Jazz right now currently
he is not on an NBA roster but I've read
from multiple different sources that the
Minnesota Timberwolves are trying hard
to sign it
obviously the connection with Jimmy
Butler Tom Thibodeau he has a lot of
connections in Minnesota he can go there
come off the bench and be a solid backup
so I think he's gonna end up in
Minnesota but as of right now he has no
NBA 18th Shumpert and Crowder gone
George nailed Rodney hood in for
Cleveland ok let me tell you why I like
everything that Cleveland did today and
it's weird because I'm on Twitter and
I'll just have the gym talking to people
in person and everyone's hating on the
Cavs moves today but please hear me out
obviously I don't play in the NBA
obviously I don't work for the NBA's so
maybe I'm wrong but let me just tell you
the Cavs got younger they got more
athletic they got better at defense and
what was their biggest problem so far
this season was defense and not just
that but the players that they gave away
they just they didn't fit this season I
mean you had the names you know Isiah
Thomas J Crowder D rolls you know that
names were there on paper it was there
but watching the Cavs play
you can tell yo these players know they
just they're just off something was just
off and look at some points like they
weren't even trying and it looked like
they weren't trying on defense it looked
like they were just like like
place it just looks like they didn't
face so you take a bunch of players who
just didn't really fit it just didn't
look right on your roster and you flip
them into Jordan Clarkson Larry Nance
Rodney hood and George Hill okay first
of all let me tell you why I love George
Hill and Rodney hood
George Hill is an underrated point guard
he will fit perfectly in that Cleveland
Cavalier system you want to know why
because LeBron James needs the ball in
his hand and that is why a player like
Isaiah Thomas would never work for
Cleveland and that is why player like
Kyrie Irving asked to be traded because
the Cleveland Cavaliers could not have a
shoe first point guard they need a pass
for his point guard that's exactly what
George Hill is he's a spot-up shooter he
could shoot if you meet him too but he
won't chuck up a bunch of shots also
he's a good defender and that's what the
Cavs need so I think he's a perfect fit
next to LeBron he won't be asked to do
too too much but he's a solid feet right
there then you look at Rodney hood who I
think in my opinion is one of the better
young shooting guards in the NBA he has
a bright future he's still very young
and he showed a lot of promise the only
reason the Cavs were able to get him
this cheap was because of Donovan
Mitchell the Jazz like what they see in
Donovan Mitchell you can't blame them
he's been really really good this year
and so they decided hey we don't need
Rodney hood in my opinion if I was a
Utah Jazz I would not have given up hood
this cheap he has shown promise he has
shown me he's gonna be a player in this
league and so on the Cavs saw that they
were able to get in this sheet they
passed all over and you can't blame them
so I think Rodney hood and George Hill
you hear the names of you're kind of
like oh whatever
but I think they're very very underrated
acquisitions for this Cleveland
Cavaliers team hood again he's young
he's a good defender he could shoot he's
long and like sorry if I'm repeating
myself but he's young and that's what
the Cavs did not have the season they
were all they were outdated they weren't
expired
they were freaking one of the oldest
teams in the league and to get one of
you know the better young shooting
guards in today's NBA for dare I say
nothing
I mean DeRose was not really performing
this season Jae Crowder had one of the
worst years of his life and Iman
Shumpert was just somebody that they
didn't need anymore I like that move and
and like I said the Isiah Thomas trade I
really
really like it for Cleveland just like I
do for the Lakers this is one of the
rare time that that I see a trade that's
a win-win for both teams Jordan Clarkson
is not bad
Jordan Clarkson is a really really good
player and look I tweeted this earlier
and I'm a state in my video player 2
player Isiah Thomas is obviously better
than Jordan Clarkson I'm not standing
here saying oh it's better than Isiah no
IT is better than JC however on this
Cavs roster
Jordan Clarkson is a better fit and let
me tell you what first of all he's a
better defender Isiah Thomas is not a
good defender and what do the Cavs need
defense that's what he accepts coming
off the bench
well that six-man role and that's
something that I did not accept you know
he's a starter and he wants to be a
starter not to mention Larry Nance you
know again young that's what the Cavs
need they need needed to get younger and
Larry Nance is you know he might never
be an all-star but when you're a team
like the cast and they were just so old
one of the oldest teams in the league
you need any young pieces you could get
and not to mention they did all this
while keeping the Brooklyn pick is just
you know I really like what they did huh
i'ma stand here and say that the
Cleveland Cavaliers although a bunch of
people think they got worse a bunch of
people are laughing and a bunch of
people are saying oh the Cavs are lost
what are they doing I'm standing here
looking the camera right through the
lens and I'm saying I believe the
Cleveland Cavaliers got better
I believe they gave themselves a better
chance at going to the NBA Finals
because hey the way the roster was set
up with their age and their lack of
defense and just players weren't even
trying it looked like they were like no
motivation they were gonna have a hard
time getting past the Celtics I would
have bet that the Celtics either beat
them or took them to seven games if the
catheter making moves today however I
think with all the moves the cast made
today again makes them favourites to
come out of the East I think that they
will beat Boston now will they beat
Golden State I doubt it I don't think
anybody's beating gold and say there's
no way that you know adding on you know
George Hill Jordan Clarkson has nice
and if that's not gonna make you beat
gold and say but I do like what the
cat's dead oh and what and the last
thing the Cavs game they shipped off to
Wayne way to the Miami Heat and I can't
wait to watch wait on the heat again
it's it's gonna be weird I mean we've
seen him into Miami Jersey but at the
same time it's gonna it's gonna look so
right it's gonna look weird but it's
gonna look so right
so the Heat are probably happy you know
they got D waves from pretty much
nothing but at the end of the day like I
said the Cavs are looking to get younger
they were looking to get more athletic
and D Way was just even though it was
playing good this season you know he's
getting up there an age and it's not the
same athlete that he once was so nothing
is gonna hurt the cats that they got rid
of D Wade and I think they did him a
solid solid favor he's mentioned before
that he wants to retire in Miami I'm not
saying he's gonna retire at the end of
this season but let's just say all you
do age fans I know it's sad and it was
great to think about the D Wade his
retirement is coming real real soon for
him but at least you could do it for the
team that he started this career for and
for the team that he wants to play for
let's see what else I already mentioned
DeRose got bought Alamo seconds going to
Minnesota and the last thing I wanted to
get into the last thing the Phoenix Suns
made a move guys the Phoenix Suns
finally did something and for once I'm
not standing here saying all what the
heck why would the Suns do that I don't
understand bottle blah know I'm standing
here and saying like yo the Phoenix Suns
actually made a really really good move
and it's weird saying that because
everybody knows the Suns for an office
is kind of uh kind of big shaking over
the past few years and they've been
known to make some pretty bad trades but
here we are and the Phoenix Suns have
acquired elfrid Payton for what no
players no first-round picks they
acquired for a second-round pick that's
it not even their own second-round pick
the Phoenix Suns still kept their
second-round pick they acquired it for a
second-round pick from Memphis and to me
I'm sitting in your life okay
the Phoenix Suns do not have a pointer
on this roster this season we've been
playing Devin Booker at point guard
Devin Booker is not a point on it's a
shooting on we've been playing in out of
position and we acquire a point guard
not all these young Alfred Payton is
only 23 years old but he's a former
lottery pick he's a decent player he's
averaging 13 points four rebounds and
six assists and we got for a second
round pick it's just like yo did the
Phoenix Suns like just were they just
joking around and they just called
Orlando said oh hey we'll give you a
second round pick for us we're paying
huh yes I don't understand that and I'm
not standing here saying Oh elfrid
Payton is the next Michael Jordan or
else our pants gonna be on all sir heck
I'm not even saying elfrid Payton is
gonna be a good starter but no matter
what when you get a player like elfrid
and you only give up a second-round pick
it's automatically a win and I mean you
look at the fit next to Devin Booker and
it's like yo the last thing the Phoenix
Suns needed is a ball chuckling point
guard the last thing the Phoenix Suns
needed was a point guard that likes to
shoot first again was Devin Booker on
the roster and also TJ won the Phoenix
Suns did not need any more offense they
needed someone who likes to pass and
that's elfrid Payton he's a past first
point guard so now Devin Booker could
kind of you know chill in the corner for
a little bit and get past and then shoot
instead of every damn plague Devin
Booker has to create his own offense
like he's been doing he finally gets
someone who likes to pass the ball first
not to mention he's long so you could
get out get some seals and start the
fast-break you know passing up to Josh
Jackson marques Chris it's just I don't
know again I'm not sitting here and
saying oh you know eltra Payne is an
extremely son legend you know the next
all-star because he's not but what I'm
trying to say is for what the sun-god
for a freaking second-round pick that
wasn't even our second-round pick is
just magical I love it
beautiful finally for the first time in
years it looks like the sun's made a
logical trade we'll see how elfrid
Payton turns out I hope and wish nothing
but the best for him you know any player
that comes to my team I hope nothing but
the best
you know I'm a Phoenix Suns fan a
die-hard Phoenix Suns fan and we'll see
how this plays out it looks like a good
fit on paper so we'll see how it goes
PS if we do draft Trey young Alfred pain
will be solid solid backup point guard
if we draft eight then elephant pain
could start next season we'll see we're
looking way too far
future but either way I like to move for
the Sun and I haven't talked to one
sunshine who hates it there's just
there's nothing you could hate it's a
low-risk high-reward move and hopefully
it pays off anyways thank you guys so
much for watching today's video I think
I've given plenty of insight and plenty
of you know what I think about what
happened today
it's just crazy I swear I woke up
checking my phone I'm like yo this trade
deadline is so boring you know nothing's
happening then that boom boom boom boom
wallet bomb after wallet bomb after wad
bomb and this is what makes the NBA so
great this is why I love the NBA and
once again if you're not NBA fans or
basketball fans I apologize but I have a
really really good video coming out
tomorrow it was supposed to be out today
I didn't know all this was gonna happen
but I had to get my insight on all these
trades people were you know spamming my
Twitter sending my Instagram asking for
this video so I hope you guys enjoyed
please let me know what you guys think
in the comments section down below about
all these strains because I'm really
curious and I love hearing thoughts from
other basketball fans so drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed subscribe to
this channel if you are new do not
forget to tune in to tomorrow the
extreme public dance video and other
than that Brandon aka bruh Wallace aka
elfrid Payton now I'm just joking but
I'm out peace and I love you guys I can
never ever find the right word just
there's no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
