Brian actually played in my basketball
game that I got him on the team I bugged
and bugged the manager of the team until
he put Brian on so me and Brian actually
played on the same basketball team
yesterday but I did record the whole
game that however is not going to be my
next basketball game because the next
basketball game video that I upload is
going to be the one from last week the
reason is my sd card chip broke then
when I finally got it back
I was one week behind so I'm going to
upload my last week basketball game and
then after that the basketball game with
Brian is going to go so right now you
guys are behind two games but I'm gonna
get both of those games up for you by
this weekend and look what time it is
10:51 but everyone who watches my videos
knows basketball what kind of basketball
lunch it's lunchtime basketball guys so
yes today's Tuesday yes I have a game
later tonight and I tweet it out cuz
every time I play basketball at the gym
and then play my game later on in the
day I always do bad because I get super
tired so I tweeted to you guys I was
like should Brandon aka paratus aka
myself play basketball at the gym before
my game or should I just rest and now go
to the gym finish editing my video and
then go play my game later tonight but
I'm not gonna check the replies to that
tweet because you guys are gonna be like
bro just rest and then go play your game
later tonight you don't need to play two
times but I love that's what I love to
play so I'm not gonna look at the plugs
on that tweet I'm just gonna go play so
yes I'm about to go to the gym play some
pickup basketball lunchtime basketball
and then later tonight in a few more
hours I have my game my league game and
I love you guys I know you guys want me
to rest you guys always come on my video
saying don't play basketball at the gym
when you already have a game later at
night I do I listen to you guys but I
can't wait I'm too impatient I can't
wait til my league game tonight I want
to play right now and I want to play my
game later tonight hopefully I don't
tire myself out too much she said you're
playing at the gym before your game yes
I played yesterday how long do I play I
say like three like almost three hours
and I'm playing right now and I'm sorry
why
because we're playing the undefeated
team yeah okay so I guess so we're
playing the number one team in the
league tonight we're playing the best
team in the league and so I guess she's
saying so what if we were playing a bad
team it would be okay for me to play I'm
not gonna be tired bid on 21 years old
I'm healthy look I Jack Jack in the Box
I know you go it's so bad visibly per
season if I was done for the day yeah at
least I you Jack the boys but I exercise
riding Jack no I take vitamins every day
no Brian well the trampoline for two
minutes and he was gonna pass out and I
swear you're like like that took all my
energy from the day we're playing the
best team in the league tonight solemn
hype even though I'm tired I always like
to play the better teams
that's what Brian and Jackie say Brian
and Jackie say I should rest for tonight
babe you're annoying him he's trying to
go to sleep
possibly don't worry no it's okay I
won't let her I know you anymore go to
sleep all this bad loudly so high father
stop smoking that ish okay he snapped
out of his high
guys I forgot Election Day so
everybody's voting either that or
they're getting ready to watch the son's
game later tonight voting or voting no I
said they're waiting for the son game
they're getting ready for the son game
tonight maybe the linkage oh yeah all
the Lakers played tonight hey guys you
got win and I buy 20 hee hee bashfulness
when the Lakers beat the Sun so I'm
upset with him right now
shout out to the front and widest squad
we in the building baby
tell them how long did this shake not
like a couple days four days four days
this is tape take me like a year they
miss you all these guys at the meet and
greet you guys are asking Oh where's all
weeping where's all leaving from my new
subscribers this is my best friend
um guys since since kindergarten my
homie right here I'm a fucking idiot I
am an idiot you know I showed you there
was nobody there nobody was playing so I
should have just left or I should've
just went home and rested for my game
but no I'm Brandon and I just had to
wait for people to show up so people
showed up and I ended up playing for
like two or three hours so if we lose
tonight I cannot use the excuse that I
was too tired because I did this to
myself I literally go to the gym nobody
was there there was like two people
there I should have just left and came
home and said on my go um Bryn and I
love best well let me just wait people
showed up I played for a really long
time
and now I'm dead I should have listened
to you go I know Bosley I know look guys
Bosley ran to the door to tell me you
should have listened you shouldn't have
played just smiling why are you smiling
well I like your show them t-shirt says
we are PHX basketball you're covering
the X sorry that's final we are pH X
basketball we are Phoenix guys are on
the way to Rubio's we ran into a bunch
of fans where you guys just got what you
got kicked out shout out who face jab
Renzo shout-out to Henry they just got
kicked out of the area right there where
we're going I don't know disobeying
property I bro stay up love you too no
more getting kicked out I'm going for
Gary Johnson yeah fair you guys want to
know Gary
motherfuck Johnson I'm a joking
literally Hillary or Trump
are about to win literally the next four
years of this country and I'm over here
watching fucking nets and t-wolves
someone just sweeted up to me cuz I
tweeted about basketball and he's like
bro the state of this country is in play
for the next four years
and you're over here tweeting about
basketball babe I'm not a professional
NBA player it hurts that's why you have
to do she saw when we were sitting
courtside at the Suns and Lakers game
she saw how the Laker players were
getting stretched and she's like oh
that's honey to stretch you babe okay
those players have professional trainers
and professional nutrition tip babe I am
NOT a professional athlete okay I'm not
athletic enough like them I'm not as
flexible guys get yourself a girlfriend
who stretches you before your game maybe
not one who tries to stretch you like
you're a professional athlete in the NBA
but at least get your girlfriend who
stretches you I appreciate that
it helps me from now cramping and
remember always tie your left one don't
tell you right once you get on the court
hey ow
so on my way to the game
it starts in about ten minutes I don't
know why I always come so late I barely
have time to warm up or anything but I
hope we win today because we're already
two and four two wins and four losses
and honestly two and five is a really
bad start I mean three and four isn't
the best three wins and four losses but
it's way better than two and five so I
hope we win today it's gonna be really
hard we're playing the best team in the
league and like I said before our team
is in the most talented team that is
playing in this league so I hope we pull
it off
the good thing is
a lot of people get scared when they
play better teams I'm different I like
the competition I like the I like
stepping up to the challenge so I
actually like when we play better teams
I want to see I just want to see what we
could do against the good teams I'd like
to step up to the plate when there's a
big challenge at hand so in my opinion
that's when I play my best so hopefully
not just me playing my best but
hopefully my team can play really good
as we need this win only the top six
teams make the playoffs and there's 11
team so if we lose this game and go 2
and 5 I highly doubt we're gonna make
the playoffs so this is for sure the
biggest game of the season
my teammates text me every single game
before the game saying hey you're our
best player and we want to make the
playoffs so please win this game for us
and honestly if you ask me that's a lot
of pressure to put on one person
especially considering they don't know
me they just met me a couple weeks ago
if we lose this game we're probably not
going to make the playoffs it's not for
sure but most likely so I mean they tell
me in person they say hey you know what
you're your best player you're the only
player on the team who has the ability
to carry the team so please you know I'm
pretty sure they made a bed like within
their company that they're gonna make
the playoffs so it is a lot of pressure
but like I said I like to step up to the
challenge so on yeah we're here on
bought a park and get down less where
the game starts in like five
whoo
swish
Oh
you're sexy
three points to the other team because
one those amateurs
let's go baby
you
you
Wow
hi baby
baby
I think
there are teams of 13 so it's a time
ha why is it confused
you
14:13 so there have one point lead
I'm out
go ahead
Oh
Hey
babe you're hot
sighing now I'm dying because I can't
yell my throat still hurts from the game
let's go baby let's go
get the ball get the ball get the ball
we're down by two points go go go
come on guys
ooh free-throws
18 to 25
man go baby go back
27 to 20 has come back to rest just hit
me from the other light game just hit me
with the ball and I have to pretend like
a dinner her put her it's so bad
okay 22 or 23 to 27
dang it
let's go there it is 28 to 27
there he goes
let's go
32:31
game husband clothes I'm away
come on babe come on
Oh
you
well done my wrath
let's go
you
36 to 37 just like that
you
yes
you
3838 oh my god
let's go baby
ah
you
you
thirty Seconds 42-38 oh my god oh my god
Oh point three seconds 38 to 40 let's
I say we like I did anything
guys I'm so fucking happy we won I play
like shape I don't even care I don't
even care that I played like shit we won
I'm so happy I've said all along I've
set this whole season because I always
score a ton of points and I'm always
like oh yeah I scored a lot but we lost
so it doesn't matter and I always said I
always told people
I'd rather score zero and take the win
I'd rather score less and take the win
then score a lot and take the loss and
nobody believed me they're like yeah
right you just want to score more you
don't care about when you are losing
look at me I play like shit I'm Alan
scored like 15 or 16 points and I'm so
fucking happy because we won bro oh my
team played so good today that was you
leave out our best game of the season
because our deep our offense was okay
our offense was decent wasn't that good
but our defense that team scored so much
won they only scored 38 points today I
don't know if they were missing a player
or our defense was just super good but
so fucking happy shout out Charles that
bigger Samoan dude if we had him on our
team for the whole season we'd be so
much better but he works half the time
so he can only play half the games a lot
of people are wondering what has he been
he works on half of the game day so he
can only play half the games but I'm so
happy guys we won this is I've said all
along every time I look at the website
I'm the leading scorer I look at the
wins and losses and I'm like yeah I'm
the leading scorer that's cool and all
but my team is still we're still losing
too many games we're still bad I'd
rather score less I don't even care if
I've scored zero as long as we're
winning and people didn't believe me
they were like yeah right you just care
about scoring no I fucking don't we won
I'm never going to the gym before
playing a game again my legs were so
fucking dead not just my legs but my
throat was fucking done and I didn't
have a water puddle literally the whole
game oh my god I'm never playing
basketball right before my game ever
again but that's what I said every
single time and I still go play but
anyway shout out to my team shout out to
Charles for all those boards they
couldn't stop him he's too big shout out
to Matt who hit all those three tell me
things you have like three to two or
three three-pointers bro oh my god I'm
so happy I swear now time to go watch
the Suns game
yeah I'm probably getting sad all over
again
wait my back hurts oh god while Jackie
was Phil man I set it on there I really
have to pretend like I'm okay because I
got your back ready no I have a cramping
I'll rub it out the refs like I swear
they stop calling things for me because
in the beginning of the season I'll get
to the free-throw line a lot and people
just follow me all the time because I'm
small and skinny and I Drive and people
are like oh I could block this guy so
they always like me but I swear the refs
stopped calling it because the game
slows down I don't think that's fair
because if you get fouled you get fouled
if you get here you get hit it doesn't
matter if the game slows down the rest
it's because the game was running late
the game started late so everybody was
running late so they weren't calling
fouls they were even kind of laughing
about it I was like I was kind of joking
around I was like bro honestly I
understand we're running late but if I'm
getting here I'm getting hit like I'd
only like 15 or 16 but I don't care
because we got the win anyways now time
to go watch the son's game and probably
have my sadness all over again so
usually we don't play physical we don't
box out we don't get rebounds today
meeting my friend Matt before the game
we told our bigs we're like but we're
like honestly our seasons pretty much on
the line our team is good at offense my
team is gonna Ethan but we don't box up
just play more physical what happened
our big stepped-up they played super
physical when you're playing physical
and you're boxing out and playing tough
it gets in the other team's head like oh
we don't want to drive on these guys so
shout out to the bigs for listening
before the game and they played way more
physical started boxing out that's been
our kryptonite the whole season I see
Alex lending to take tips from them
that's who Alex lending to take tips
from okay so I just got back from my
game I missed the first five minutes of
the son's game just the first five
minutes and look 32:14 is literally I'm
telling you before the season started I
was even about Brandon Knight I was like
okay last season was his first full
season in Phoenix and he was injured
maybe he just needs some time to adapt
you know and I gave him a second chance
I was like let's see how he does off the
bench this kid is fucking trash he's
trashy he can't score when he's a scorer
he can't shoot but he's a shooter he
can't facilitate a fucking offense but
he's a point guard he can't play any
fucking defense this
his trash bro I can't wait for the day
he's traded I swear oh let's see Brandon
i-43 Clank what a surprise
guys I literally missed five minutes of
the game five minutes and I fucking come
back today it's like God's I'm telling
you I left my game like the game
finished I'm like okay I missed the
first like three or four minutes of the
Suns getting no big deal you know the
game just started come turn on my TV to
see this are we gonna play any defense
you realize the Blazers are shooting 14
for 15 from the field 14 out of 15 yes
moral of the story don't miss not even
one minute of a son's game just give
Booker the ball every single play he's
the only one scoring he's the only one
facilitating he's the only one playing
defense yoga I saw my prime now it's
like I don't know 1:30 a.m. almost 1:30
a.m. I'm editing my video but I'm on an
editing break and you already know on
editing break I read all these Phoenix
Suns articles all so upset today because
we started so bad and we came all the
way back and then look at this title
Suns can't finish comeback lose to the
Blazers 124 121 so we started off
extremely shitty we started off the game
really really bad and then we came all
the way back we kept chopping at the
lead chopping at the lead blood so
scoring Booker scoring tj1 scoring we
came all the way back just to fall a
little bit short I lose by three points
at the end I was so upset but man if one
thing is for sure Brandon Knight and
Alex Len need to go those have been for
sure the two negatives of this season
shows they've just lost some really
close games and another one tonight I
don't know I didn't want to record my
reaction I was fucking you guys know me
I was going crazy imagine a comeback
just to lose at the end that I record
any footage of my react
