I know my god guys it's pretty scary
hold on wait Wow well let me get back
home and I'll I'll explain to you what
just happened so guys here's what's
crazy I'm not sure if everybody that
watched my videos believes in God I'm
sure there's some people that don't so
not gonna act like a preacher whatever
if I'm not gonna get into this whole
real joke I put a rosary around here for
every car that I've had right here just
I just feel more safe when I have a
rosary in my car and I had a rosary in
my Lexus and you know I'm every time
I've driven this car for the past two
days I'm just like wait what's missing I
don't know what's missing I check I have
my license I have my insurance you know
I have my registration up there I'm just
like why does it feel like I'm missing
something and like it's like something
kept telling me okay you're missing
something you're missing something by
didn't know what it was and it just hit
me the rosary I was supposed to bring it
out of my Lexus and put it in my BMW
that it's so weird cuz I'm telling us
the feeling was like I just felt like
something was telling me like you're
forgetting something
and I didn't know what it was and I
don't know guys that's that's pretty
weird but weird in a good way so I need
to bring the rosary in here put it up
here yes what a lot of people don't know
me and my family we're Catholic we're
Catholic okay guys so 5:00 p.m. I got
back from the gym then I know that
literally you it looks like you know it
actually looks like Walter Jake and
Josh's dad okay guys so yeah I just got
back from the gym about an hour ago I
just finished editing and uploading this
video 2017 BMI test drive and card tour
you guys were all asking me to do a full
in depth contour cuz when I posted the
vlog of myself buying this car it was
just pretty much me at the dealership I
didn't get indeed tower in depth about
anything of this car so you guys were
asking for a full car tour and kind of
like me getting the car and driving and
showing you guys around the car I just
finished I worked really hard on that
video actually I think it came out
pretty dope it took me about seven eight
hours to do so if you guys didn't get a
chance to see you go ahead and check it
out now I have to take a shower because
I still smell like basketball sweat guys
there's a difference they're smelling
like sweat and then they're smelling
like sweat for playing basketball in the
basketball gym sweat is just that so
babe I'm about to take a shower and then
I could take care of you guys my
girlfriend feels really sick kind of
it give me kisses I'll even watch the
games to me how many games are you gonna
watch a live stream
ah so you're gonna watch this one gosh
II was mad that LeBron wasn't playing
because she wanted to watch a good game
there's still a pretty good game
actually even without LeBron
oh and one Myles Turner oh oh Richard
Jefferson oh yes
ah well Don stop focus look at Jackie
guys when she was younger hold on oh my
god babe we're gonna have to break up
right now I'm just joking oh so cute
okay and what game is starting in one
hour that we're gonna watch why you're
not allowed to be over them I know we
started we started three and eight three
wins and eight losses but there's still
time to turn the season around so which
game are we watching at 6:00 p.m.
okay who are the sons playing she
literally a bigger NBA fan than me I
swear okay babe I'm about to take a
shower so I could take care of you she's
sick I need to take care of her she
wants cuddling kisses and all you
boyfriend's out there let me just give
you a tip if your girlfriend is sick and
she asks you to do something do it for
her watching this game really there is
no face that could explain how it is to
watch a son's game okay guys so we're
watching the Warriors and Raptors game
at Jackie requested a new game she has a
preference to watch now what game did
you wanna see I wanna see
Hardin versus what she wants she
requested heart and Bruce Westberg I
want to watch that game too that's gonna
be a super give me on a sidenote
the Clippers have looked so good this
season they're obviously known for
choking in the playoffs let's see what
happens this year in the playoffs
they're obviously going to make it but
I'm talking regular-season only the
first 11 games Clippers look like so far
they've been the best team in the league
I'd say the Cavs are a close second but
the Clippers have looked really good
called Clippers psyche
my god has PJ Tucker made a shot all
season yeah the sun's fucking but listen
oh my god I understand I bash man
tonight
i bash Alex Len but though
the soul sons team is so bad look imma
be bold and say something really quick
this Phoenix Suns team is worse than
they were last season and that's saying
a lot because for those who don't know
last season the Phoenix Suns had their
worst season in Phoenix Suns history so
for me to say watching this team play
this team is worse than last season
that's saying a lot but that's the
fucking truth
snowball moved me no fluidity on all
fans no nothing it's just a bunch of
standing around and watching no
rebounding no defense guys and it's not
even only Brandon Knight Alex Lang -
Alex Lana's he's so soft
for someone who's seven foot one and he
can't catch anything his hands are
literally like made of raw his hands are
made of stone everything that touches
hand he just drops it you have Brandon
Knight taking shots out here like he's
Steph Curry why are you shooting that
far guys don't get me wrong you know me
you know I love my sons I love my
Phoenix Suns but for the love of God we
are so bad like changes need to be made
whether that's at the trade deadline or
the offseason I don't know changes need
to be made this team is not looking good
I mean I didn't expect much out of them
anyways going into the season I didn't
expect us to make the playoffs or
anything
but I didn't expect us to look this bad
either well guys the sun's game just
ended what do you know another loss
we're about to go eat dinner right now
babe how old are we know we are going to
Souplantation we're so old uh Bosley all
eyes on those frickin Souplantation
what's so bad we're going to
Souplantation honestly if you're
wondering I'm not even fucking mad that
the Suns laws I'm fucking used to it at
this point seven years in a row without
playoffs here I'm here I'm here sir what
else so good ah
why are we so bad no guys we're going to
Souplantation they closing a little so
we need to hurry up Wow my girlfriend
looks hot new jeans and a new shirt and
such a round pumpkin head you did the
joystick here I want to play look guys
it's a joystick
okay fine sorry hey yeah guys I actually
um took a break from Souplantation I
used to love Souplantation I eat there a
lot but then they took out eggs Bosley
you why do you hate the white
Souplantation
they took out eggs cuz they went through
some sort of like chicken scandal Bosley
it's me okay fine I'll stop saying
Souplantation what oh my god every time
I say Souplantation
y-you like Souplantation oh never mind
when we buy meals with a lot of other
pugs so imagine one of their names with
Souplantation so not swinging him other
memories no god I literally took a break
from Souplantation because they went
through this whole chicken scan the way
they didn't have eggs anymore and they
have the nerve to take out string
croutons so you know how there's like
obviously the square croutons but
there's also the string noodle ones
Souplantation took out the string
croutons so you know I I went on a
rampage I was like I'm never going to
supplementation again first of all no
eggs because I don't know if they ran
out of chickens in the kitchen I don't
know all of them died or something so
they didn't have eggs and then they just
took out the string croutons but we
called they brought back the string
croutons
they have egg again I guess the chickens
are alive and healthy handsome and
wealthy so we're about to go to
Souplantation guys I'm telling you what
I'm about to say is scary
this year's Phoenix Suns team is
actually looking worse than last year
and that is a very very scary thought
whoa well well look who we decided to
put in with 30 seconds left
dragon bender your fourth overall pick
correct me if I'm wrong but your fourth
overall pick should be getting some more
plaintiff whatever I'm done I'm done
okay keep going keep going keep going
guys they close at 9 so we have to get
everything now we came super late and
guys look this is my fault how I was
talking about the eggs and the chicken
they ran out of eggs
I swear this is my fault for jinxing it
at home they have no eggs hey guys so we
have to get
everything in advance because they're
about to close everything down Jacky's
ice cream is going to melt so bad by the
time you eat your food wait so if we eat
at Souplantation one time does that mean
we have to be vegetarians now okay guys
so now I have to be a vegetarian cause I
eat at Souplantation
I love Souplantation I swear except not
when they don't have eggs but at least
they have the string croutons
don't you hate my biggest pet peeve on
earth boy I think I said pet peeve with
Josh Peck beef my biggest pet peeve on
earth when my girlfriend finishes her
Oreos and asks me for some I'm serious
you did donate anything else I gave you
four I swear okay guys I only had this
much look okay let's go guys I feel bad
at babe they're trying to close guys I
hate coming to a restaurant right before
they close because like I just feel bad
for the workers and I feel like they
hate us doesn't talk so much shit about
us so I'm trying to leave I'm your
number one fan I usually watch them as
soon as repulsive but today was
literally uploads wait guys do I
literally not breathe between my look no
say a hundred words before and then I go
boy no a little is a 100 words and I go
look play it guys go fast and how much
you guys could only imagine the argument
oh my god
how much do I dog I talk so fucking much
go on board
you think I'm undefeated in argument
sing I'm pagolis a war 73 and 9 in
arguments your legs even a smattering
guys I found a California burrito in my
room and I'm not sure how long it's been
there cuz it doesn't look too old so I
want to eat it I am gonna eat it
actually I'm starving and this burrito
looks so good look I am eating this
burrito her girlfriend is so sick I'm
serious but we already planned after I
shower I'm going to make her feel better
and then I'm going to put her cereal is
that what you want what kind of cereal
oh good what chocolate what though the
cocoa pods wait tuck it in the burrito
is gonna fall apart from the bottom I
hate when that happens you're a
California burrito with extra pico de
gallo when Jackie told me she wanted
cereal I said babe when you feel sick
it's not that good to eat cereal because
it has milk and milk is dairy obviously
and she said she's never too sick for
food ah guys so my mom is out with my
dad she's like on a date with my dad
they're both out me and Jackie are at
home alone and so my mom sends a text to
Jackie right so I'm expecting her to say
hey how are you guys or she's sexing
Jackie like hey how's Brandon I don't
know my mom takes Jackie what did the
text say how is Bosley's okay thanks for
asking me my mom and dad are out on a
date me and Jack you're home alone and
we get a text from my mom saying hey how
is Bosley oh no way guys life does not
get much better than this massage from
your massages or massages from your
girlfriend while watching basketball
if only my team was good wait guys look
at this my cousin got it from me from
Mexico when she went to Mexico babe it's
a replica of yours
I think they my cousin told them to make
customized it to be Jackie's body so I
can love it no your butt is exactly like
this trust me look
yeah it's exactly the the colors a
little too dark but yeah uh-huh
this is custom-made from your body it's
like they actually took your button
molded it I did this is custom to be
yours see I can kiss it mmm my cousin
told the lady make it custom like
Jackie's it is a bully she has a belly
bump like not fat but this Jackie said
now really God yeah but you don't wear
red I don't like when you wear red yeah
guys son yeah it is a little pouch it's
why I have Jackie always tries to tell
me babe I'm fat I'm fat no you're not
hey I'm cheeky - yeah my girlfriend
attention to date Sandro that's a record
yeah cheeky don't need your good you
good ha ha that's my favorite thing
Thank You private Brandon here aka bro
waters I'm here to close out this video
before I get into the final segment let
me just say last night Devin Booker had
the smoothest ejection in NBA history he
had he went out in the the cool I don't
care I've never seen anybody get ejected
and go out and cool away than Devin
Booker deep
this dude is petty Devin Booker I know
you want some my videos if you're
watching this petty I was fucking dying
listen he is king of petty watch this so
Devin Booker got ejected for picking up
two technical fouls the second technical
foul was some literally bullshit he
didn't do anything
so you know he was like okay and he's a
really really young player it's only
second year he just turned 20 years old
and he's never been ejected before so
you know the rest throws him out and
first Booker it looks he's like smiling
and he's like he asked the ref he's like
well where do I go and you know Booker
listen I know you've never been ejected
before but you've been watching bass all
your whole life you know where you go
after you get ejected so you know he's
being petty he asked the refs like where
do I go
and the ref pointed to the exit so
Booker then looks
the refugee goes like this he gives him
a fucking the most sarcastic thumbs up I
have ever seen in my life okay he then
looks at the sons bench any waves like
this he then walks it up he's then
walking to the locker room I Security's
behind into escorting him out cuz he got
thrown out of the game he stops for a
fan and signs and autographs and
security looking at in my bro what the
fuck you doing after he signs the
autograph he then fist bumps another fan
and then he leaves the arena so you know
you get ejected you leave the arena now
Devin Booker made sure his time was
worth it Devin Booker this is what makes
you the greatest of all time you know
that they have Jordan they have LeBron
you know then people think Kobe but
devin booker is obviously a greatest
player of all time so honestly the
smoothest ejection i've ever seen my
whole life balls dying
john way on a side note drake is wildin
out with doors Berg that is not okay
when I seen that shirt I was like I knew
right away before they even interview
Drake I was like wait that's doors Berg
and then you invited her over for dinner
then she tweeted at him no Drake mmm I
don't know in my opinions Rihanna or
even fucking Taylor so if you take
Taylor Swift but not Doris Burke he'll
even take Trey Burke but not Doris Burke
drapes gone wild I guess the money gets
to his head I don't know anyways in case
you guys don't follow me on Twitter you
guys probably have not heard but
Christopher London LSK aka mister banned
from 2k which I'm part of the movement
free LSK because that's pretty fucked up
but anyways him and his homie gesture
the laser they challenged me to a
basketball game a two-on-two basketball
game you know they're homies Christian
sir so they challenged me and you know I
was so tempted I was about to pick my
phone up all about the hit up Devin
Booker I was about to hit up Eric's leg
so kind of like a little special guest
appearance and surprise them and just
show up to the gym with Devin fucking
Booker but Devin Booker's mid season
right now is in the middle of a season
they're on a road trip down a six-game
road trip for on the East Coast
so there's no way I can do that and I
didn't want to be chief I don't want to
cheat so I hit up my boy Ollie you guys
know all the obviously you guys love him
shout out to the bro a lot of squad that
ollie
we're getting ready to play them we're
gonna play them this weekend a
two-on-two me and I'll leave again
Chris and Jess I know Chris London like
I don't know eight feet tall without
however tall he is and gestures
obviously no joke I've seen both I've
seen highlights of both of them playing
so um this is not going to be easy I'm
not saying this is easy they obviously
have the height advantage in case you
didn't know jess was over six feet tall
and Chris London like I said is I don't
know if you guys know this guy that goes
by the name of Kevin Durant but yeah
they're the same height so it's not
going to be oh um what is this Chris
London just actually just tweeted a
video to me we ready for this weekend
all it never solves around here will
ball never stops around here either
honestly Chris in case you didn't know
I'm about to go play some ball I know
the fucking clown shoes don't it's fine
don't roast me but I'm gonna go play
ball right now too but let me check what
this video is all about we ready for
this weekend at bruh wat is let's see
promise I'll be ready big boy
in one second really quick hold on me
see
he just dunked that one hand off the
backboard quick unless I'm seeing wrong
oh my god guys I gotta make a call
really quick hold on let me just make a
call to uh
the homie really quick and we'll get
this taken care so I'm just playing what
do I need blood so for like I said this
dude's like eight feet tall it's not
that hard to dunk when you're standing
that tall I mean look at look at Alex
Len he's fucking trash but he could dunk
the ball now I'm just playing for those
who can't tell I'm being sarcastic
oh let's see if he has a jumper oh oh ah
oh hey on the three oh no oh he's going
Steph rein she's going Steph Range six
foot green line machines we are your dog
yeah like I said man these dudes good
ball I've seen obviously not this way
I've seen highlights of them play I've
seen the both of them play they
obviously have the high advantage that's
that's no secret I don't know there's
this little saying called heart over
height and that's what we're gonna go
buy ask Tyler Ulis or a former Phoenix
son all-star Isiah Thomas ask them cuz
let me tell you they're both my height
so we're gonna go into this weekend
we're gonna go into this game me and my
boy ollie
all these only six three so we're gonna
go into this game with that mindset
heart over height Chris jester we're
ready we're ready but it doesn't end
there it's not just the game there's a
stake loser has to buy the opposing team
pairs of shoes of their choice from the
mall after we play so that adds
motivation you don't I mean nobody wants
to lose and go to the mall filled with
embarrassment by the other team pairs of
shoes are you kidding me
so they challenged us so I'm guessing
this videos gonna be on one of their
channels either gesture the laser or
Christopher London I'm not sure for one
last time free LSK like I said these
dudes can ball but it's still opponents
we don't leave too much props to the
opponents so we'll see what's gonna
happen they do have the height they do
have the advantage but uh we'll see I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching
it's time to go play some lunchtime
basketball Brian actually played in my
basketball game yesterday I got him on
the team I
again bug the manager of the team until
he put Brian on so me and Brian actually
played on the same basketball team
yesterday I'm not going to say if we won
or lost but I did record the whole game
that's going to be up a Saturday that
however is not going to be my next
basketball game because the next
basketball game video that I upload is
going to be the one from last week the
reason is because in case you don't know
my chip broke my SD card chip broke then
when I finally got it back I was one
week behind so I'm going to upload my
last week basketball game tomorrow and
then after that the basketball game with
Brian is going to go up so right now you
guys are behind two games but I'm going
to get both of those games up for you by
this weekend so my next basketball
league video is going to be of last week
where it's just me myself and then the
one after that is going to be from
yesterday where it's me and Brian on the
same team
