Basel you want to go downstairs we're
gonna go do a cart or you want to help
me do a cart or yeah we're gonna go
you're not allowed to go in my car
though because you shed a lot of hair
but but Godley if you come with me
downstairs you can watch me do the cart
or you want to do that let's go come on
let's go and I'll open the backyard or
so you can go poop you want to go poop
let's go come on let's go poop I know
you got something hiding in this belly
let's go go downstairs go look at the
slinky go down okay I'm coming Rosie
alright so we're gonna go let Bosley do
his thing Bosley go go poop go pee do
your thing Bosley when you're done go
have some fun on the trampoline low you
get up on the chair get up in there go
unleash your party somewhere over there
I'll clean it up later sadly and then go
have fun on the trampoline I'm about to
go do my car tour okay Bosley uh uh
Bosley I can't come with you to go poop
- Bosley Bosley no no no no no no you
know you have to go poop I see a hanging
out of your butt anyways try to unleash
a lot of poop balls you got to lose some
weight okay do it the easy way or stick
your paw down your throat and throw up I
don't know it's up to you but just do
that okay so we're about to start this
car tour right and someone is watching
me I'm not gonna lie I'm getting a
little nervous but someone has front-row
seats for this video I guess you
enjoying your view Bosley okay so what
is going on you guys Brandon here aka
Broadus and today's video if you can't
tell by the title above is going to be
kind of an in-depth full details what is
inside of this car what does this car
have what are its features so I have my
one video with this car that was a video
when I was at the dealership and I
purchased it but that was more of a vlog
I didn't really go over what this car
has what it does I don't know what is
this car the spaceship I'm not sure what
this thing is but that first log which I
got a ton of a ton of really really nice
really really good feedback on thank you
guys so much for that see like forty two
thousand or forty three thousand likes
in less than two days so thank you guys
so much for that but that was more of a
vlog I'll just have the dealership and
that's it I think it's gone
what really is the BMW i8 a lot of you
guys rising for it on Twitter a lot of
you guys were commenting on my YouTube
video saying give us an in-depth look at
what this car really is so I'm gonna do
just that for you guys now first let me
get this out the way I'm not going to
see me an act like I'm a car expert well
I know everything about this car I've
only had this car for two days now and
while the workers the employees at the
dealership we're trying to explain to me
everything about this car I don't know
if you guys know but every time you buy
a car the workers or the employee at the
dealership pretty much they sit with you
in the car and they go over everything
about it well the day that I bought this
car there was a Phoenix Suns game and
the game was about to start so I told
the worker I was like I'll just rush
into everything he would tell me I'll be
like oh yeah yeah and then I told him so
I realized that Suns game was about the
start I didn't want to miss any son's
games obviously so I told them I was
like you know what uh can I just come
back and we could explain this in full
detail you know like I got something to
do and he said yeah sure here's my
number come back anytime you want
so I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna say
you're an iPod I know everything about
this car but I'm gonna do my best okay
and don't worry I will be taking this
out on a test drive for this video so
we're kind of going to go over the
exterior the outside of this car we're
going to get into the interior and then
we're going to take it out for a test
drive and that's sort of what this video
is going to be so first and foremost
guys the reason I'm in my garage first
of all I parked the car in the garage
but second it's because it's windy
outside and so I don't want the wind to
go over the sound of this video go first
here let's get it unlocked so there's
the sound for people who are into sound
so if you see inside its it shows the
bar it's okay there's four bars oh well
well it did show it and what that means
is that the car is charging okay you see
the blue light so it's charging here
let's take it out of charge for a second
I'll go into what that means so okay the
car is no longer charging
so in my opinion that is the craziest
thing about this car yes you charge this
car of course there's a gas tank on the
other side but this car is mainly
electric every time you're driving 40
miles per hour or under so pretty much
every time you're driving in the city it
doesn't burn any gas so honestly I don't
even know if this is like my car or my
phone because every night when I come
home and parking in the garage I
literally go like this it's just like a
phone I open the charging unit and I put
it in charge and then you come right
here and it shows you the charge so in
my opinion that is one of the craziest
things about this car is that unless
you're going over 40 miles an hour it
doesn't burn any gas so it's very very
fuel efficient and even if you are
burning the gas for example if you're
going over 40 miles per hour or if this
car is out of charge if it's out of
battery it's still 28 miles per gallon
almost 30 miles per gallon so even when
you're not using the charge and you're
actually using the gas it is very very
very good on gas and I believe that's
one of the biggest reasons why it's such
an expensive car because you save a lot
of money on fuel the weirdest thing I
made a snapchat last night if you follow
me on snapchat you saw it I pretty much
said is this my car or my phone it feels
weird charging the car every single
night
so yes here's the charging station but
like I said it does still take gas it
takes gas when you're going over 40
miles per hour so of course it has a gas
tank here's the gas tank guys let me
open the garage just to have some more
room hopefully the wind doesn't
interfere I can't wait to take it out
for a test drive for you guys that's
right guys these stuffed animals are
creeping me out look you got Eric Booker
right there you got the damn frog right
here and then the scariest perhaps the
scariest of them all you have Brian over
there okay so let's go over the back so
this is actually a very very wide car
it's actually wider than my Lexus right
there which is surprising because it's
so short but it is indeed very wide I am
going to be getting the windows tinted
I'm going to be doing a full limo tint
right here and these back ones in the
front I don't think I'm going to do a
limo tint because in case you didn't
know in California that is illegal and
the last thing I want to do is draw a
ton of attention from the cops so I'll
probably get these tinted but it's not
going to be a full limo
but I will be going Fulham on the back
here let me turn the lights on for you
guys so obviously one of the coolest
things about this car is the doors or as
BMW calls them the wings when I bought
this car they said go out and spread
your wings and I mean that's corny but
it does sound cool so we'll go with it
let's open the wings of this car okay so
obviously here is this is what stands
out most about this car this is what
most people know the BMW i8 for I love
the doors but I'm not going to lie
getting in and out of the car it does
require a little a little stretching you
know it hurt I burned a lot of calories
getting in and out so so here's getting
into the car not too bad right getting
out okay
getting out is not a walk in the park
there's no handle to hold so you just
gotta i always almost fall when i get
out i always go like this so it is not a
walk in the park to get in and out of
this car but it's fine
okay i said i'll turn the lights on so
lights are on and let's see okay so here
are the taillights obviously extremely
sick extremely nice you got light right
here on the side and then you got the
LED lights on the license plate let's
see the turn signal guys at first when i
purchase this car I thought the turn
signal would be right here obviously no
this is actually the turn signal watch
let me turn it on actually I'm not in
the mood to make a right let's make a
left today so let's turn it on obviously
oh well I'm an idiot the cars I've been
on hold on guys
I'm so fucking stupid I'm like wait why
isn't the chasing noise yeah I got on my
back Oh getting into this car man hassle
I'm telling you see so the signal
actually comes from right there
so that's right stick let's check it out
on the front obviously the front not
much to do with that right here
so we went over the back the front now
the front lights are extremely bright
when they were explaining this car to me
at the dealership they were saying the
front lights are laser look bro this is
fucking creepy okay the front lights are
laser lights they're laser beam lights
they said there's nothing like it
they're different than LED light because
there are cars with LED lights but they
said this is something very different
they said it looks like something from
outer space like a spaceship so on let's
check out what they mean by these lights
okay so hey buzz Li okay so these lights
if you can't tell I'm pretty here let's
try to see them in the dark buzzer don't
pee on my car don't that was the first
thing Bosley did he peed on my car the
second I got it okay watch out Bosley
good boy you're actually singing today
okay there are the lights kind of hard
to see them in this lighting but
extremely extremely bright lights Bosley
just go out just go don't if the mailman
comes don't chase him or her just go out
guys so we're almost done going over the
exterior obviously in my opinion what
makes this car so beautiful Bosley don't
do it what makes this car so beautiful
is the blue trim because you have
obviously it's a white car and it has a
ton of black so that's already really
nice black on white and then this blue
trim I think that's what makes it really
nice in the way it feels so you have a
blue trim going around here you got the
blue trim obviously on the other side
and then the blue trim comes down along
the bottom right here okay
it comes down along the bottom the seat
belts are also light blue the stitching
along the top of the dashboard is also
light blue the steering wheel and then
you have right here along the dashboard
light blue and the doors now the rims
right here twenty-twos I'm just joking
guys I've no idea what kind of rims
these are like I said I rushed the
process when they were explaining
everything to me just to watch the
Phoenix Suns lose not even Wayne they
didn't even win look I said it right
here I don't know if you could read it
BMW laser light it says right okay you
can't read it so the blue trim continues
on over here I think that along with
obviously the doors are what make this
car
and out it just like I don't know it
doesn't even look like the cartilage it
looks like a spaceship I love it already
I've only had it for two days and I love
it Oh someone just yelled Bosley hey
George good morning
oh now I have to pick it up Bosley just
pooped on the neighbors lawn so I said
pick up the poo and my neighbor saw him
good thing he's really nice
Bosley why there hold on guys time out
luckily my neighbors are really nice
person and he knows that we pick up
Bosley's poop of course it was the wet
poop Bosley why what did you eat last
night Carl's jr. shit it was the wet
poop of course I use gloves but still
that shit's nasty aside from the doors
and the light and the fact that it
charges the crazy thing is that the
engine is actually in the back of this
vehicle the engine is right here it's in
the back so uh Bosley don't pee on it
don't I know that's what you want to do
you trust tamarcus here to rebuttal
you're ruining my Carter video please be
a good boy or just for today one time in
your life I think that's enough of the
exterior you guys have gone the outside
you get a little feel of what it is hold
on okay let me show you guys the trunk
and then we'll move on to the interior
so the trunk just opens up like this
right doesn't have too much say so
here's actually the engine so the
engines actually right here which is
crazy I think that's pretty neat so
there you have the exterior the outside
of the BMW 2017 I ate in my opinion it's
it's beautiful if Bosley you just peed
on Brian's Range Rover two times two
times
hey come inside I need to back up my car
go guys sometimes I just wish that balsa
could talk back to me like I'll be like
hey balls are coming signing to back up
my car and I wanted to say hey Brandon
shut the fuck up but he doesn't talk
back to me so I don't know what he's
thinking going but go on I want to get
into what I keep in my car and what this
game WR viously okay so we're gonna turn
it on obviously push start stop put my
seat on because then it makes it sound
so cool thing obviously is the blue
lighting right here you see it goes
along the doors the dashboard there's
blue stitching this is the blue
stitching right here
but then this is actually light and you
can actually change the color of the
light so let's go ahead and see what
colors they have I think they have three
different colors lighting okay right
here so lighting design there is blue
let's see orange okay so here's the
orange oh wow this is actually pretty
sick so goes to orange white let's see
what well though the whites pretty sick
but since it's daytime right now you
can't really see it I myself like the
blue just because it goes with the blue
stitching right here so I'm gonna leave
it at blue okay
so honest guys in my opinion actually
prefer the interior or the dashboard of
my Lexus this dashboard because this is
such a small cards it's very sporty they
don't have too much room to add too much
to the dashboard so it's very basic
there's obviously the a/c unit one one
AC port the screen but I mean other than
that there's obviously the shifter or
the mouse pad as people like to call it
other than that honestly the the
dashboard is pretty basic compared to
like the BMW m6 or like the 7 Series or
even some of the Lexus's that were down
the street this BMW dashboard is pretty
basic my Lexus is250 the explore
actually had kind of a nicer dashboard
that's cuz this car so sporty are so
small they cannot add too many things
inside it would just become way too
cramped and anyways the majority of
people that are paying for this car is
not really for the dashboard or the
interior they're paying for first of all
the costs of saving gas and because the
exterior I believe the majority of what
goes into making this car is based off
the outside the looks of it the doors I
don't think too much is on the inside so
here's what this looks like you have how
fast you're going which obviously is
needed for me because I tend to speed a
little and then you have right here
which I guess you could call it mode
you're in because there's a comfort mode
there's an eco pro mode I don't really
use the Eco Pro nom there's the PRNDL as
mr. Moseby likes to call it you guys
know what I'm talking about I think the
other interesting thing about this is
obviously no it's not a convertible but
it doesn't have a sunroof which i think
is pretty weird because I imagine this
car would have a sunroof but no it
actually doesn't have a it doesn't have
a sunroof no obviously leather seats I
got the spiced gray interior there was
like a crown or
right a full black I kind I think the
gray goes with the light blue and the
gray just kind of goes with the seats I
like the grey or spice gray as BMW likes
to call it on the other downside of this
car which like I said it's because very
small very sporty you cannot really sit
people in the back so no it's not a
two-seater actually has seats in the
back but you can't sit people in the
back there's just no way yesterday we
fit Brian in the back but that was a
such a hassle and Brian's a small human
so could you figure an axle like a dual
sized male in the back no there's no way
so yes if you guys can oh there it is
there's Devin Booker my basketball so
yeah if you guys can't tell there is
seats and there's seatbelts in the back
but honestly there's no you cannot fit
anybody in the back unless I move my
seat all the way up and drive like this
with my face Milan the viewing will and
you can't fit people in the back so they
say it's a four-seater but honestly in
my opinion it's a two-seater i guess
maybe if you're a very very small child
you could fit in the backseat but adults
don't expect to be sitting in the back
over here honestly for me that doesn't
matter though because I'm always either
driving with me and Jackie or just me
and Brian I don't really take a lot of
people inside my car in the first place
up here there is the bars on the left is
the gas used and then the bars on the
right is the charts so if you can tell I
have 15 miles left to use before I have
to recharge it again but once those 15
miles right now it's not like your car
dies it then proceeds over to using gas
so it's not like once the 50 miles of
charge your car just gets stranded in
the middle of nowhere
I'm not I mean this is pretty much its
asks you how you want it to charge all
the head-up display so I think this is
really neat because okay what a head-up
display is if you can't tell I'm not
sure if you could tell because we're
it's white on white but ya know you
could tell right there right so what it
shows is it shows 40 on the left which
means the speed limit so I guess the
speed limit for my garage is 40 miles
per hour but I'm sure that's pretty
wrong because if I go 40 miles per hour
inside my garage I'll crash through the
house and then it shows how fast you're
going I'm parked obviously so zero miles
per hour
but I think that's extremely neat it's
like a hologram for you to have like a
hologram that showed you the speed limit
of every single Street you drive on and
then it shows you how fast you're going
right next to it so you don't even have
to look down right here and you'd have
to look for signs of the speed limit it
shows you all right there the other neat
thing is you the driver are the only
person who could see it Jackie was
sitting next to me and I'm like babe
look ahead and she's like what I'm like
look it shows it's a hologram she's like
babe I can't see it and I was like babe
are you blind
look and she's like I cannot see it and
it turns out I'm the only one who can
see it because I'm sitting in the
driver's seat but I didn't know that so
I feel kind of stupid windows they don't
go down all the way they stop right here
which is whatever so we're gonna put
this car in reverse and get it out and
take it for a test drive really quick so
parking brake off reverse so what I like
is the mirrors instantly the signage
okay okay good the side mirrors
instantly shrink up they come closer and
kind of close up when you're about to
back out just in case you hit anything
so that's me
um you also have this camera view or you
have you can choose to go this camera
view which this this is really really
neat because so the camera comes from
the sky so God is actually recording you
I think that's why this car is so
expensive because you pretty much are
interacting with God God is recording
you back out now I'm just joking guys
the cameras are right here they're on
the side of these so it shows you like
backing out for example right here and
so let me back out really quick and get
you guys on a test drive okay guys so
before I go on the test drive let me
just say that I love the quality of this
new camera the canon g7x more
dose you guys loved it you guys gave me
so much good feedback on the quality of
my recent video because yes in case you
didn't know I switched over from a sony
a 5100 to a canon g7x and honestly i
love the quality so HD which is bad
because it doesn't have my pimples or my
wrinkles that i got from being so
stressed over Phoenix Suns games at
least in my opinion cuz I'm really too
young to be filling this old now when
you're watching Phoenix on games every
single game for the past fucking
literally 5 or 6 years you're gonna have
some wrinkles because the Phoenix Suns
are not that good of a basketball team
but our time will come I want to show
you guys the sound system but I don't
have my phone with me so we're gonna go
inside get the phone to show you that at
the end let's put this baby in Drive
we're not gonna go too far because first
and foremost I don't want to record when
I'm driving that's kind of dangerous so
I'll do it for a little but I want to do
for too long so they're in the head-up
display tells you how fast you're going
along with right here the car itself
drives extremely smooth I mean like
right now I can't even feel it going and
it's going under 20 but honestly even
when I'm going fast you could barely
even feel the car the gas is extremely
light what I mean by that is this car is
extremely fast you don't even have to
you could barely tap the gas and you'll
be zooming down the street so you got to
be careful with that when my Lexus was a
little different I would press the gas
and it would just drive normal this if I
press the gas and floor it it'll it goes
and I'm talking about
it goes goes goes that's what I mean
it's make a slight right turn in the
street I mean I can't really make a left
rim because it's a one-way so unless I
want to get my head decapitated by the
cars coming here then I won't make a
left turn but okay hopefully no runners
we're not gonna run over any runners so
here's what I mean by the guys okay
that's what I mean oh shit
10:15 a.m. it's almost time for a
lunchtime basketball so yeah guys I mean
I'm not sure what more you want to know
about this car I can't lift the hood up
you see now the speed limit is 50 so it
changes on the head-up display so I
can't really pop the hood to show you
inside because this car is weirdness you
need two people to pop the hood for this
car because you don't just pop it up and
let it stand like with a stick or a
holder you need two people to be holding
at the same time because it opens from
two separate sides and they told me at
the BMW dealership not to do on my own
because it's pretty difficult so they
told me every time I have a problem that
to take it into them and you pretty much
there's kind of like keys on the side of
the door for the hood and you got to
take the keys out it's just weird if you
watch my vlog my purchasing this car
vlog um you saw them open over there
just because we wanted to check it out
and they were even saying that they've
never seen the hood of this car popped
up so I would show you that but I can't
get into it if you're really interested
in seeing that you want to check it out
it's end up in the vlog where I bought
the BMW it's a beautiful beautiful car I
love it I am extremely thankful that I
was put in this position I have the
opportunity to buy this car I'm very
very blessed and I love it already it's
beautiful and I don't take this for
granted I know that I'm extremely lucky
I'm extremely grateful God put me in
this place we don't take that stuff for
granted so I love this car I'm extremely
happy where I'm at in life right now and
everything's going good so let's hope it
keeps going knock on wood okay so here's
how you put it in park
and the parking brake goes up
automatically like three minutes or less
runs likes you you have boogers and the
right nostril so yeah guys I mean this
is my car tour I'm not sure what much
more you want to know about this car
like I said I'm sorry I'm not an expert
on cars oh and this is what I keep in my
car for those wondering so right here
there's obviously my insurance card my
license and you can now forget the
chapstick you cannot forget the
chapstick I like Burt's Bees more but
right now I'm out of Burt's Bees that's
what I keep in here there's obviously a
phone charger you know you got to keep
that and then gum you can't be walking
around with stank breath like can't have
stank breath that's a number one
wife and then all your wife speaking of
oil wax I'm cooking like a motherfucker
Sonia oh my god it feel between my seat
ah okay I got it
speaking of oil wipes feels like I could
cook three eggs on my damn face which
does sound good because I need breakfast
but I won't cook it on my face so we're
gonna clear this with the oil I boom
boom boom you know just in case someone
on the streets giving me the look and
I'll be like are you really trying to
ball up right now like let's go
you know people give the look and they
floor the gas like they're trying to
race you know I'll throw my gas back but
then I'll pull out the ball and I'll be
like you're trying to ball I'm not
trying to race but we could ball come on
now you always got to keep a ball in the
back seat okay someone's trying to get
the ankles broken or in case someone's
trying to break your ankle so you got to
supply the basketball for them that's
ball comes in handy you never know the
ball is live so you never know when
you're gonna need to ball up so to end
this video I'm going to be showing you
guys the sound system it's I don't have
anything installed I didn't put anything
in so there's just a stock sound
everything in this car is stock I
haven't put anything in yet we don't
know what might go through my head my
mischievious brain but Jackie always
calls me that she called me an evil
mischievous munchkin
well munchkin I guess is her way of
saying yeah you're evil you're
mischievous but you're so cute I don't
know guys I always get so scared that
I'm gonna hit the car next to me and I
open with the words but I guess not so
yeah guys before I show you the sound
the music I just want to say I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I'm not a expert
in cars like I said but you guys really
wanted to see this video so I gave it to
you guys I'm not gonna be doing I know
some people who buy new cars and they
make tons and tons of videos on them I'm
not gonna do that because I just feel
like it'll come off as bragging or me
trying to show off or me trying to be
cocky that's not what I'm trying to do I
bought this car for myself not for me to
show off or brag to everybody else I
bought it because I really liked it so I
don't want to come off that way this is
only my second video on the car I had
when I purchased at the dealership was a
vlog right now which is what you guys
asked for showing you the inside and
outside of the car taking it for a test
drive and then I want to do one last
video on the car which is none of my
friends and family members have seen
this car so well obviously
except for my family in here in the
house but nobody around the community
none of my friends or my cousins have
seen it so someone suggested to me on
Twitter saying you should show all your
friends and family your car for the
first time and record their live
reaction on camera so I feel like that
would be a neat video I didn't think
about that Brian actually played in my
basketball game yesterday I got him on
the team i bugged and bugged the manager
of the team until he put Brian on so me
and Brian actually played on the same
basketball team yesterday I'm not gonna
say if we won or lost and I'm not going
to say how we played but I did record
the whole game that's going to be up
either Friday or Saturday that however
is not going to be my next basketball
game because the next basketball game
video that I upload is going to be the
one from last week the reason is because
in case you don't know my chip broke my
SD card chip broke then when I finally
got it back I was one week behind so I'm
going to upload my last week basketball
game on either tomorrow or Friday
tomorrow Friday my basketball game from
last week is going to go up and then
after that the basketball game with
Brian is going to go up so right now you
guys are behind two games but I'm going
to get both of those games up for my
next basketball league video is going to
be of last week where it's just me
myself and then the one after that is
going to be from yesterday where it's me
and Brian on the same team anyways
too much talking Brandon girlfriend is
tripping they haven't checked my phone a
long time latina girlfriend it's tough
guys so anyways guys before we get into
the contest the sound thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video it's what you guys asked for
I like to entertain my audience and give
them what you guys ask for oh my god I
almost killed myself with the wing of
the car not sure what song you guys are
trying to hear but I'm gonna pick on off
fuse you already know you know me me and
my views I'm still listening to view
seven months later I still listen to on
a daily actually no actually today is
the five year anniversary of take care
five years ago today take care Drake's
album came out so we're gonna play a
song off take care you already know I
had that downloaded too I still listen
to take care on a daily basis
happy five-year anniversary take care by
the way he peed on my car Bosley Bosley
prime he peed on your tire two times
today look at
there buddy wait Mazel you bitch you fat
bitch okay so now first we have
headlines let's put this volume up I
just say clap sound without fear so like
I said it's all stock it's nothing
special right now I don't know if I'm
gonna add anything to it but before we
end this video you know I gotta end it
with something special man I love the
song every time the Phoenix Suns lose
and you know I just feel you know I just
feel down you know I'm looking at my
team like I support this team so much
and they came to make the playoffs and I
just start rethinking life like bro why
does my team have to be so bad I just
flipped this song on and it just it just
kind of gets me my feels but bitches
above all
I've been a fan too long why can't we be
good we drive to Devin Booker why can't
that result in some wins I still think
about Steve Nash that we had we need
Steve Nash in tomorrow Sodom are back
that's it guys thank you so much for
watching on my end this video right here
I love you guys all look who brought me
food the one and only I mentioned how
you text me while I was making my video
and you went crazy on me so this is why
you went crazy on me so you can bring me
food because I was filming thank you
though guys so she's not crazy she was
blowing up my phone to see what I wanted
from jack-in-the-box I didn't I couldn't
reflects on making a video and she still
got my order right thanks but how do you
feel like shit
