what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bro what is what's today Tuesday
okay so you got through the hardest day
of the week Monday so I hope all you
guys have a blessed rest of your week
and I hope you make the most of it
before you know it just like that it's
gonna be time for the weekend so just
hang in there for all you people in
school or all you people working your
full-time jobs
hang in there it's gonna be the weekend
before you know it so if you follow me
on Twitter I know I tweeted earlier
today I tweeted I said hey guys I'm
sorry I'm going to take a day off today
I'm not going to upload and the reason
for that is because you know how when
you get a new car or a new house
whatever it may be something that you
worked really hard for all your friends
congratulate your family congratulate
you and they want to see they want to
see it so um yesterday was my first day
with my new car I uploaded a 40-minute
vlog and it took me a really long time
to edit so all of my friends and all of
my family members who wanted to come see
me and come see my car I didn't have
time I told them I was making a video so
I promised them that today I was going
to see them today I'll meet up with all
them my friends family and then they
could see my I was just gonna kind of
save this day to be spent with my
friends and family well I started
looking over the comments on my video
yes and I started looking back at the
tweets and I noticed because yesterday
and throughout my 40-minute vlog there
were parts where I was kind of speaking
from my heart it wasn't really from my
mouth I was speaking words from my heart
and I guess those words touched a lot of
people people were tweeting me saying
thank you for that motivational talk you
know you changed the way I think about
life or you changed the way I want to
achieve my goals and I thought about it
I'm just like those were small parts
throughout a 40 minute vlog so if there
were people getting inspired by those
words and and I was able to make a
difference in some people's lives in a
good way not a difference in a bad way
then I want to make a whole video for
that because I literally I don't want to
say I live for making people better but
I love when like it's amazing to me when
someone is down in life or doing that
and they watch my videos or they listen
to me speak and they tell me that
they're doing better and that just makes
me feel so good it makes me feel so
happy I love when people do good I love
when people are in a happy place in life
so I told my friends and family you know
I apologized to them I said hey I know I
promised that we could you know meet up
and and you know say what's up and check
out my car today but let's push that off
for another day because like I said
after I saw that I changed a few
people's lives I
had to make a whole video about this I
want to speak out and maybe change more
people's lives who knows that's what I
love to do so for today's video first of
all I want to thank you guys because for
all those people who tweeted me or
commented on my youtube videos saying
that with me purchasing that new car and
just seeing myself do really good in
life
I changed the whole way that they look
at their life I want to say thank you
because that makes me feel really good
it makes me feel really good to know
that I've made a difference in
somebody's life and I don't even know
them personally so thank you for that me
growing up let's not forget just because
I have a big following right now I was
human too I went to high school as a
regular kid I went to middle school I
didn't have a perfect life there were
times when I wanted to I don't want to
say in my life because that's not true
but there were times when I wanted to
like stop pushing and stop going and I
had to stop and think and just be like
okay where is my life going what am I
going to do in my life you know things
aren't working out I was at that say to
I'm sure a lot of people that watch my
videos are either at that stage right
now or they've been at that stage or or
you're going to hit a stage where you
just sit back and you look at your life
and you're like wait I'm not happy what
am i doing in life so here's where I
come into play I'm not gonna sit here
and act like I'm a preacher or a pastor
on the second coming of God I'm not here
to do that if you take my words and you
listen to them go ahead if you don't and
you think I'm just some stupid kid who
sitting behind the camera then that's
fine I'm not forced to to listen to my
words I'm just gonna speak if it
influences kids or even people my age or
even people older to do something
different then I feel like I've
succeeded if my video today changes the
way some people go after their goals and
follow their dreams then in my opinion
I've succeeded so I'm just gonna start
out by saying that none of this would be
possible if I let toxic people stay into
my life let me tell you the biggest
thing the biggest takeaway from my video
yesterday other than me buying the new
car I'm talking about from my words is
there are going to be people who don't
want to see you do good you know you may
have those really close friends and
really cool family members who when you
do something good and you're doing good
in life they congratulate
you and they hit you up and say hey you
know what keep doing what you're doing
but let's not forget there's always
going to be people who are jealous
there's going to be people who wish bad
for you there's going to be people who
see you doing better than them instead
of congratulating you they're like fuck
that
I don't want anybody to do better than
me listen the best thing I did in my
life is cut those people out of your
life listen as hard as it is to believe
there is people like that there is
people who only want to see you do bad
there's people who will come up to your
face and say oh hey what's up you know
and be all act all cool if you act like
they're your friends and behind your
back they're wishing and hoping that you
do bad you gotta cut those toxic people
out of your life trust me trust me I
would not be where I am today and my
brother would not be where he is today
if we let those people stay in our lives
they're going to be telling you things
they're gonna try to tell you things and
they're gonna try to do things to bring
you down you can't listen and I
understand for me being an adult 21
years old and my brother is about to
turn 20 there are people older than me
watching my videos we understand you
know don't listen to people they're just
hating they're just trying to bring you
down don't listen to them but I
understand that people younger than me
when you're kids it's hard not to listen
to people you tend to take what people
say more to heart so let's say you're an
adult and you're doing what you love to
do and someone tells you oh you're
pathetic why are you doing that then you
kind of brush it off you're older but
when you're younger and you're a kid and
you care so much about what people think
and someone tells you oh you're pathetic
why are you doing that even though you
enjoy doing it you kind of let it hurt
you you kind of let it get to you listen
I understand because you guys are still
young you guys are still kids I
understand it's hard to just let it go
and brush it off but you have to do just
that
you have to do just that follow what you
love to do because at the end of the day
who is going to be living your life it's
not going to be those friends who tell
you that you're stupid it's not going to
be those family members who are salty
about you doing good and they don't
congratulate you who is going to be
living your life at the end of the day
you so if you like to do something do it
you think in high school the cool thing
was because my dream was to be like a
sports analyst of Sports Reporter I
wanted to report for the Phoenix Suns
and there were people in high school oh
I want to be an NFL player you don't
want to be a doctor you think the cool
thing to do in high school was when
someone has
what did you want to be I said oh I want
to be a reporter a journalist no but
didn't matter because what was I doing
before YouTube I was writing articles
and I was happy I was the
editor-in-chief for a Phoenix Sun
section on an international sports site
and I was writing articles and that was
my job and people would tell me like
hello you know you got this guy working
here and this guy doing this was life
and you're writing articles and I'm just
like hell yeah I'm happy with that like
like if something is your dream then you
do it people are gonna try to bring you
down
don't let them do that okay do not let
people try to bring you down because
there is people like that in this world
and they're everywhere trust me whether
its family members close friends some
people just they get jealous they don't
want to see you do better than that
surround yourself with positive people
that's all it's about surround yourself
with people who want to succeed and
surround yourself with people who want
to see you succeed nobody has time for
any of that negative vibes shit my other
biggest thing is keep following your
dreams it does not matter how many times
you fail listen we're human we make
mistakes we feel I've made plenty of
mistakes in my life and guaranteed I'm
going to be making more mistakes as I
get older nobody's perfect so if you're
going after a goal and you're you have a
dream and you're following it and you
know you fail don't stop just remember
everybody makes mistakes
you make one mistake you get yourself
down bounce back up honestly to me
sometimes I like to fall back down I
like to make a mistake so I could learn
from it and bounce back stronger that's
what I told one of my friends at the gym
you know he used to be really really big
and I saw him and he was kind of don't
want to say skinny but he had lost a lot
of muscle and he was kind of depressed
he was like because you know he was a
bodybuilder so they take that stuff
really seriously and he was kind of
depressed and I was like bro honestly
sometimes when you're working out you do
you're pushing a ton of weight you can't
go any higher so I told him honestly
it might be better that you fell a
little bit back down because I could
push yourself to keep going higher and
higher and higher and you could see
yourself get back up and he told me he's
like you know what thank you like I
needed that and he told me he's like I'm
older than you but I respect you thank
you
and he's not talking YouTube at all he's
not talking about my following or
anything he doesn't even know I do you
too he's just saying in general he
respects me listen if you're following
your dreams and you stop because you
made a mistake okay whatever we all make
mistakes just bounce back up but if
you're following your dream and you stop
because some idiot is telling you that
you can't do it or some idiot telling
you that that's not cool don't please
please take my word don't do that if you
have a dream like I said it's your life
you follow it trust me follow your
dreams but at the end of the day this is
my biggest point not everything comes
easy if you set a dream and you set a
goal you can't just sit back and wait
for it to come to you hard work pays off
I'll repeat that and I'll repeat it a
million times throughout my life hard
work pays off trust me trust me you know
I look in the mirror now and you know
what runs through my head all those
nights that I literally did not sleep
and I don't mean pulling all-nighters by
oh I slept for one or two hours I mean
there were nights where I went without
sleeping a single second to work on my
videos whether that's filming or editing
there were times when everybody in my
household my mom dad Brian everybody in
my whole entire neighborhood everybody
in the community that I lived in was
asleep and I was awake working on my
videos there were times when my friends
message me you know hey we're going out
you know time to have some fun come on
and I'm like I politely turn it down no
thanks I'm working on my video and they
look at me like bro are you crazy you
can take one day off come on you know we
miss hanging out with you
and I'll be like I'm sorry I want to get
a video done for today I've missed my
friends and family's birthdays my
friends and family's graduation from
college so many times I'm packing for a
vacation and my mom and dad are in my
room begging me they're telling me
Brandon don't take your laptop don't
take your camera it's a vacation just go
enjoy your time take one or two days off
and I look at them and I'm like mom dad
it's fine I want to edit I want to
record on vacation
Jackie can look me and says babe please
just take the days off and I say no it's
fine I'm gonna record it I don't want to
take days off it's a vacation but I
still want to work on my vacations
although I can't even remember how many
times I've I've had my laptop in my hand
it's been like 2 or 3 in the morning and
I'm editing and you know I just fall
asleep I literally sleep like this on my
chair and I'll wake up at like 7:00 in
the morning and it's time for college
and I it's time for my college class and
I have my laptop in my hand I don't even
know how many times that's happening
it's been so many times I can't remember
how many times I've been sitting in
class in college and I'll be taking
notes with my right hand listening to
the teacher while trying to edit with my
left hand you know so many times my
friends and family are out having fun
and hanging out and just being with each
other and I'm I'm in this room editing
or filming so many times I've missed a
college class which isn't good but so
many times I've missed the class so I
could stay in and edit and record my
video so many times I've turned down
playing basketball so many times I've
lost sleep I don't sleep anymore I stay
up till 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning
every night and then as a thousand bad
enough I have an alarm set early every
single day to wake up and finish my
video all this I look in the mirror and
I look at myself and I'm just like wow
hard work really does pay off it pays
off so all those things my friends told
me about come on man you know just come
hang out this one time and I turn them
down it pays off and no I haven't I
haven't reached the top I'm not saying
I'm the best in the world but hard work
pays off trust me and success it feels
so good so yeah it's very tough and it's
very hard but it's so worth it at the
end I understand a lot of work is not
fun nobody wakes up and says oh I can't
wait to do a lot of work today no it's
not the fun thing to do but like I said
it pays off and here this little segment
I'm about to speak I'm not trying to
sound cocky at all I'm not trying to
brag about myself
but I'm just gonna speak the truth
really quick honestly I would not be
where I am today I would not have been
able to go to the dealership and
purchase that car and I would not be
able to be helping my parents out with
bills or anything if I did not work hard
yes I know I got a really really nice
head start I know I'm surrounded by
people who already have what it takes to
be successful but at the end of the day
I stay up all night editing my videos I
make the choice to record and upload
every single day I'm the one who wakes
up early before my college class and
uploads my videos set a goal set eight
you have a dream
go after it but don't relax you got to
step on the gas do everything you could
and work hard nothing comes easy
nothing is handed to you this is life
life is hard life isn't fair remember
that and you just got to keep working
trust me it pays off at the end of the
day I'm telling you do not many people
texted me that we're hating on me in
high school or that we're not even
friends with me and I don't want to say
bullies but they could care less about
who I was and they texted me or they
messaged me oh you know hey man Congrats
it's nice to see you do good and you
know what I should have replied was fuck
you like you made my life miserable in
high school and now you're gonna be
coming up to me like that but I'm a nice
person and I believe in good karma and
it's all this I don't believe in that so
I replied I'm like thank you like I
appreciate it and I hope you're doing
well too success is the best revenge I
will say that 3 million billion trillion
times over and over and over success is
the best revenge
some people talk shit on you some people
try to bring you down and you could
start a fight with them you could go to
them be like fuck you blah blah but you
know what I do I like to sit quiet and I
like to let them keep talking just keep
talking keep talking boom success is the
best revenge I don't need to hit them I
don't need to egg their house I don't
need to stab them no to me yeah some
people think violence is the best
revenge
success is the best revenge I guarantee
you I think if you were motivated by my
video yesterday I'm hoping to at least
motivate some people well before I end
this video I kind of want to give some
things to people that deserve it I kind
of went into this in last night's video
but I want to go more
today first and foremost I want to thank
you guys because let me keep this short
and simple I thank you guys a ton I
thank you guys at the end of every
single video and I think you guys
big-time yesterday in my video so I'm
gonna keep this short and simple if it
was not for you guys there would not be
any bro bodies like I said yesterday
there are some things that people are
forced to do for example when you go
into work you're working in 96 you're
forced to be there when you go to school
when you're in high school you're forced
to go to school okay when your mom when
you're a kid and your mom is making you
eat your veggies you're forced to eat
your veggies you know what you're not
forced to do you are not forced to come
home sit on your laptop or your phone
and watch my videos but you know what
you guys do you do it anyways I
appreciate that so much I think about
that every day nobody's forcing you to
watch me nobody's forcing you sit down
and literally watch my ugly ass tongue
nobody's forcing you to do that but you
do it anyways so thank you guys thank
you from the bottom of my heart wherever
my heart ends I don't know in my stomach
or my head I don't know but thank you so
much thank you I don't like I don't it
doesn't make any sense to me because you
guys you give me so much the point so
much feedback and what do I do for you
guys I don't like thank you guys thank
you thank you thank you so much you guys
are supporting someone in me that I
don't really do anything for you guys I
mean I'm not paying for your family's
house I'm not buying you guys cars like
and you guys still support me so so much
thank you so much for that every single
comment that you leave good feedback it
makes my day some people don't believe
me because I get a lot of comments no
every single one of those make my day so
thank you so much for that thank you to
anybody who's ever watched me they used
to anyone who's ever you know spread my
name around whether that be through
social media or going through your
friends and be like hey have you seen
this guy bro Wallace watch this video
thank you guys thank you for everyone
who's just supported me it's just it's
amazing so thank you for that I want to
say thank you to my parents like I got
into yesterday thank you to my mom a
huge huge thank you because she she
always is there for me whether she's
always the first person to ask me if I
need help without even me asking for her
for her help you know some people are
hey can you help me with this and the
other person is nice and
to say yes my mom literally comes up to
me even when I'm doing just fine and
says hey Brandon do you need help do you
need so thank you to my mom I love her
that's the least that she does but I'm
just gonna keep it short my dad you know
I mentioned how I work on my videos
everyday you know day and night just
like today I wasn't supposed to upload
but I got the urge to upload
that's called work I think I have a
strong work ethic and that's thanks to
my dad that is all thanks to my dad
because when I was growing up you know
how when you're a kid you pick up what
you see well when I was growing up I
would see my dad work every single day
for hours and hours and hours non-stop
work whether that be at the store or in
the house and I picked it up if it
wasn't for my dad I would not have this
wrong work I think if it were not for my
dad I would not know how to push myself
to work hard every single day so I want
to thank my dad for being such a hard
worker because he set a good example for
me as a kid so dad thank you for that I
want to thank Jackie my girlfriend
because first and foremost talk about
support like I said about my mom Jackie
supports me through everything
everything I'm talking about even
something that she's completely against
and she doesn't agree with and she hates
it if I say I like it okay babe you have
my full support she supports me through
everything but the biggest thing the
biggest thing like I said I'm human just
like you guys and I was at a point in my
life last year I'm not saying I was
depressed but I wasn't the happiest guy
on earth Jackie has put me in a spot in
life where here let me just give you an
example here is happy here's sad and
here is where Jackie makes me she makes
me feel so like I can't explain it
honestly baby you know I love you thank
you so much for everything you do for me
you guys see on camera sometimes she
brings me food she massages me you know
she says cute things to me that's
nothing compared to what she does off
camera
it's it's insane the amount of love and
support she shows me and I love her so
babe thank you so much for that and by
the way on a side note for everyone
you dumbasses Congre gold digger yes
everybody who has called you a gold
digger is a dumbass because um I started
my youtube videos my youtube channel
last September Jackie was with me since
last summer yes that is correct my
girlfriend aka Jackie has been with me
since before I started my youtube
channel
so for everybody who commented on their
picture or comments on my video saying
Jackie's a gold digger because I bought
that car so did I so did Jackie just
come up to me yesterday and start dating
me I'm confused
I don't know because last I checked I
did not have a YouTube channel a year
and a half ago yet Jackie and myself
were dating so it's kind of
mind-boggling how somebody can be a gold
digger even though I did not have
anything at the time when she started
dating me I don't know but I'm gonna let
you guys keep thinking what you like to
think so babe I love you oh yeah and
does a gold digger work two jobs because
that's what Jackie does she works two
jobs and there's a gold digger still go
to college because that's what Jackie
does go to college but most importantly
does a gold digger start dating somebody
when he is empty-handed because that's
what Jackie started doing with me
I don't know how much you guys keep
thinking what you like to think last but
not least first of all let me get into
this so I won't give a big thank you to
my brother and let me address this
because people were commenting on my
video yesterday cuz you know I gave my
brother a thank you I gave him a big
thinker I told him I loved him but
apparently that wasn't good enough I
think you guys a lot of people who
commented they expect me to get on my
knees and stuff my brother's dick or
something I'm not sure I promise if
that's what makes you guys happy then
I'll do that next time but you guys need
to realize these videos are 20 to 30
minutes long there are 24 hours in a day
not everything that I do or me and my
brother do goes on camera so for though
all the people who think who say oh wow
your brother helped y'all so much and
you only thanked him for one minute how
do you know how do you know what go what
happens behind closed doors how do you
know I wasn't in his room for 23 hours
yesterday saying thank you thank you
thank you but how do you know I saw
people commenting saying wow all you
said was thank you to Brian that might
be the truth on camera but do you
realize that there's 24 hours in a day
and you don't know what happens behind
the camera so not everything we do has
to go up on camera just because I didn't
give him a huge thank you and a huge
shout out on camera does not mean I
didn't do that in real life so I'd
appreciate if you guys stop making
assumptions because that's just
ridiculous okay just because I don't do
something on camera doesn't mean it
didn't happen you four
yeah there's 24 hours in a day and you
guys only see about 30 minutes of my day
but if it's gonna make everybody happy
then I'll give my brother a huge thank
you right now Brian thank you so much I
love you thank you for everything you've
done for me and honestly no this is
fucking ridiculous me and my brother
there's us on camera and then there's us
in real life and the fact that you guys
think
I don't know I'm done I me and my
brother have real life and then there's
Cameron Justin I don't think my camera
doesn't mean shit we talk in person in
real life I love my brother so much I
love him to death he knows that I know
that my family knows that and if you
guys don't see that if you guys think
whatever you want to think that's up to
you I don't care I need to explain
myself with that brother his brother
family's family if you want to make your
assumptions or do whatever you want you
can do that by the way just to clear one
thing up like I cleared up how Jackie's
a gold digger even though she's been
with me before I've ever made a YouTube
channel let me clear this up because
people were commenting saying bro if it
wasn't for your brother you'd be
flipping burgers and all this shit or if
it wasn't for your brother you know
you'd be living in the streets no that's
not the fucking truth did my brother
help me with YouTube yes would I have a
million subscribers without my brother
hell no hell no my brother helped me out
so so much with YouTube no he doesn't
edit my videos I'm the one who edits all
my videos and records them but he is you
guys know what I mean my brother is a
huge part of why I'm so big on YouTube
and I love him to death and I think him
for that but a few idiots think that I
was some sort of loser before I started
my youtube channel that's where you're
mistaken because in case you did not
know first of all I was in college
full-time passing all my classes well on
my way to transfer to a university and
do you know what my job was no I wasn't
flipping burgers and yes I mentioned I
used to work at Subway that was when I
was 16 or 17 years old that was not my
job right before YouTube I didn't go
from Subway to YouTube that was about
five years ago my job before YouTube and
trust me I was getting paid well so now
I was not gonna end up on the streets
nor was I going to be a lost cause
without this YouTube channel I was
writing articles I was the editor in
chief the manager of the Phoenix Suns
section for the International Sports
site that was my job I was getting paid
for it and I had a media pass I was
credentialed to wear every game I was
invited to I was able to go in the
Phoenix Suns locker room and
interview the players and coaches and I
had an invite to go to the NBA Finals
two years ago and interview my choice of
whether it be the Cavs or the Warriors
and their coaches and that was me at 19
years old the youngest manager on the
whole entire website so for all you
people assuming that I was you know
gonna be working at Subway for the rest
of my life not knowing that that was my
job when I was 16 years old or for all
the people who assumed that I was some
high school dropout or wasn't gonna be
anywhere without YouTube you're mistaken
so yes Thank You Bryan so so much for
helping me out with YouTube but you guys
don't get it twisted I had a job lined
up and I was working and doing something
that I loved either way I loved doing
YouTube and I loved writing articles I
was 19 year old the youngest manager on
the site being able to interview all
these players and coaches and and
getting paid for that so don't get it
twisted I'm very I'm very thankful for
what my brother did for me and I love
him to death and we talked about that
off-camera all the time but you for all
you idiots who are assuming that you
know I'm some dumbass not don't worry
man I can't believe I even have to
explain myself on this for all those
people saying oh your brother pretty
much got you that car cuz he shouted you
out on YouTube let me just see here and
think my brother has shouted out
multiple people on his YouTube channel
and I'm sitting out over 1 million
subscribers and and the other people my
brother I shouted out so I doubt all it
is is just getting shout out by your
brother and then you get big secondly
yes thank you I love my brother first
shoutout but is he the one who's losing
sleep over editing my videos is he the
one who records my videos for me is he
the one that is skipping college classes
to edit his videos is he the one that's
giving me the video ideas no sure my
brother gave me a shout-out and I love
him for that but I'm the one doing the
work giving a shout out can only do so
much like I said before I know multiple
people that my brother has given shout
outs to and if you look at their
channels it's not whatever I'm not gonna
get into that so a shout out can only
get you so far
shout out did not do all this just
because my brother shouted me out he did
not force people to go on their computer
and click subscribe it's whatever I'm
not gonna get into that anyways I hope
this video the my main point and main
focus of this video was to inspire and
motivate people cuz I've heard way too
many stories of people who have had a
dream or had a goal and they stopped
chasing it for whatever reason I want to
get out there myself and be like no
don't stop following your dreams don't
stop trying to go after your goals so my
point for this video is
I just hope if I'm even able I don't
know how many views this videos gonna
get but if I'm even able to change one
person's life or two people's lives it's
a success from me I swear to sum it up
please all those toxic people who try to
bring you down all those fake friends
all those people who want to see you do
bad cut them out the sooner you cut them
out of your life the better keep chasing
your goals we all make mistakes we all
fail at some point of our life
don't stop chasing it because at the end
of the day what's gonna make you happy
you don't want to be working a job that
makes other people happy but it makes
you mad you want to be working a job
that makes you happy because you're the
only gonna be working it just keep
pushing don't stop and at the end of the
day you're gonna have a goal you're
gonna have a dream don't sit back and
wait for it to come to you
okay do not sit back and wait for it to
come to you go after it chase it work
hard I'm telling you hard work pays off
hard work pays off nobody sits on their
butt all day and gets what they want now
a lot of people are commenting you know
oh that YouTube money that you to money
pays off you know or off it wasn't for
your brother getting you all that
YouTube money you wouldn't have had this
car look I'm not gonna sing here lies
say that I don't make any money off
youtube do I make money off of youtube
and now the huge reason why I bought
this car yes but like I said another
huge reason is because I had a job
before this I was making money before
this I was not some dude just sitting
and living off my parents which is when
people assumed but no I had a job before
this I was saving my money so yeah
YouTube money played a huge part of I
saved a lot of that too
but I had money saved up from before
that you know I worked whatever since I
was 16 17 years old and more importantly
the job I had right before YouTube where
I was a manager for an international
sports website interviewing players I
saved a lot off that and like I said
these earrings they're fake this shirt
was given to me as a gift by Jackie this
chain do you realize this chain I this
is I think in the past year in the past
year other than a few t-shirts for like
five or six bucks I think this is the
only thing I bought myself there was a
time when I was opposed to buy myself a
watch I didn't do I ended up buying one
for Jackie I didn't do it there's a ton
but my phone has that my phone suite has
been cracked four different times
four times and instead of buying myself
a new phone I just kept trying to go get
the phone screen fixed I still haven't
bought myself a new phone so no I don't
spend my
carelessly I don't if I see a shirt
that's 55 books just because it's
name-brand and I see a shirt that looks
the exact same thing for five bucks and
I'm gonna buy the loan for five books
like this chain you can even ask my mom
I'm so depressed when I bought it I was
like mom I spent so much money on this
she's like it's okay you deserve it you
never buy anything for yourself and
there were people commenting cuz I said
yesterday that you know I'm not one to
flex on people by buying all these nice
clothes and nice shoes and expensive
jeans and all that and they're like oh
he said he's not the one to flex but he
bought an i8 well then let me rephrase
it I'm not the type to flex with you
know everyday things and buying a new
shirt every day and new jeans I'd rather
look like a casual normal person and be
just like all all my other friends and
then save up for something more
important whether that be a house or a
car and I think I feel like that's more
worth it and a lot of people in the
comment section were commenting oh he's
taking shots at rice gum or he's taking
shots at faze clan or he's taking shots
at his own brother now I'm not taking
shots at anybody I understand there are
a lot of youtubers who purchase a lot of
clothing and they spend a ton of money
on things such as huge bigger chains in
this one and huge watches and hey to
each their own everybody lives your life
a different way if you're making money
I'm not wanting to tell you how to spend
it a lot of people spend their money
different ways a lot of people spend it
it's your money you spend how are you
I'm not taking shots at anybody I myself
don't really see the point in buying
hundred dollar shirts and $500 jeans but
that's myself other people could do what
they want not taking shots at anybody
especially my own brother which he is an
idiot for spending that much money on
clothes but I still love it anyways
thank you so much for watching this
video
but what is I'm out I hope you guys took
something good out of this video oh my
next two videos are going to be tomorrow
I'm going to be giving you guys a full
in-depth look at all the features and
everything that comes included with my
car I probably take it out for a drive
or a little spin and I'll record that so
tomorrow's video an in-depth look all
the features that comes with my car and
then the day after that so then on
Thursday Thursday is going to be my
basketball game my league game you guys
love watching those so those are gonna
be my next two videos thank you so much
for watching and I hope you guys enjoyed
this
video and remember I love each and every
single one of you guys
