Oh
the cowboy doing the work in the fucking
ranch house on like five guys
I blew 72 no you did not expect it Brian
is working us like dogs brian is working
us like slaves help me is a marina joy
situation I hear he'll help Brian is it
mean owner I mean is working I see like
farm animals I can't do this anymore
guys please save us
yeah I'm scared of Brian sees me not
doing the job right he'll with me again
Brian I'm doing it don't worry haha I
told them how you would because I wasn't
doing the job right this is actually you
guys might think this is funny you might
think is fun and games he might think
it's fun and games but when you're doing
something like this there's always a
risk there's always a chance that
something could happen Brian or my dad
they never think anything bad could ever
happen but you never know so you just
got to hope there's no injuries and it
ends up being okay although this is
Brian's video you already know my dad
always comes out with some crazy oh let
me try let me try cuz my dad is
hilarious so hopefully it turns out okay
honest wait
I told you guys my dad always has to do
something crazy got no way you can't
step on that oh my my dad's gonna go
from the roof fucking he said I wrote
the roof dad be careful
oh my dad no he's gone oh my god Oh
with all the flavours your night where
are we going we're gonna go to Vaughn's
and we're gonna whoa whoa whoa whoa hold
on I just said where are we going next
question okay where are we going
Vaughn's next question what are we gonna
buy we're gonna buy balloons cake and a
couple other things
no no snacks this time look popcorn
Twin Snakes who is the cake and balloons
for dun dun dun my brother
it's her brother's birthday tomorrow her
brother's birthday shout out to Joseph
aka GJ GG guys you know there's JJ or GG
his name is GJ shout out to Joseph happy
birthday Halsey 22 now he's turning 22
years old so we're gonna go to Vaughn's
again look cake we're going to a dinner
tomorrow but I always do the cake and
balloons and all that Sh ending shindig
for those wondering cuz I know people
are gonna be like Oh who's her brother
have you ever been in any of your videos
no he has not been in any of my videos
yet like I said every time I go to
Jackie's house I don't bring my vlogging
camera I don't I don't record there I
just don't I don't think it's respectful
for me to go into somebody else's home
especially my own girlfriend's home too
long but would you record a clip okay
guys so later on in this vlog you'll see
when she goes home get a small little
clip just so you guys can see him do
people say you look like yeah yeah okay
so G once again GJ happy birthday oh
guys yeah actually you've never seen
Jackie's mom in my videos you've never
seen her mom's boyfriend Jackie actually
has a sister how old is Nicky 16 Oh
so she has a 15 year old sister she has
a 22 soon to be 22 year old brother
they've never been my if they come over
to my house or if we go out in a public
place I'd be more than happy to put them
in my videos but I just don't we've gone
over this before I don't want to walk
into somebody else's house let alone my
very own girlfriend's home and just
start vlogging everywhere like that's
not my time or place to do how's the
wrist one goes go boy first of all I
like my dad's hair it's very cold
haha okay guys I don't know yeah you can
tell look this one is swollen I swear
look and this is one right here right
all of them yeah look oh my gosh okay
dad why don't you go to the doctors or
urgent care at least yeah my dad doesn't
believe in doctor that's where he's
typical Middle Eastern day
my dad is typical Middle Eastern at
anything that happens all I can fix it
on my own oh I can do it on my own okay
dad can you move it I come over but I
cannot open what I can I said in the
vlog you'll hear when you watch it
tomorrow I said guys I'm saying prayers
up for a Brian and my dad because yes
it's Brian's video and Brian's gonna
jump but I knew my dad it just always
has to add something into the video and
I said there's a small chance something
could go wrong and look what happened my
dad has to come in off and jump in the
thing I didn't even joke my dad loves
watching himself on the vlog that he
does I paid for yeah you pay for a big
time people was not broken right no but
it could be jammed swollen sprained
maybe but not broken
no dad I say you just go to the urgent
care that's my opinion
longer that you wait the worse that it
can get okay dawg it's happen to my
brother before my GJ yeah
just people for GJ oh should I get him a
cooking kitchen his first cooking
kitchen for GJ or should I get him
frozen food like Marie Callender's or
hotpokket is like would he love me more
if I get hit that no no not for you guys
look out selfish Jackie is she said her
brother loves this one
oh but then she said all but that looks
so good I said babe it's not your
birthday did I say it I know they do
why you gotta fight with me it
why you gotta fight with me a cheese can
you know I gotta go sale magnetized guys
Jackie dragged me to the snack aisle I
knew this would happen
all this time I got healthy things okay
fine I got myself a slice of cake look
guys look wait what was your name Adria
Adria okay here say what's up to the
blog you want to shout out any friends
or no nothing none of your brother's
Alec Damien and Alec shout out to you
guys
he told me you guys watch all my videos
and my brother's so shout out shout out
to you guys then pardon the interruption
shout out to those who's for watching
mine and my brothers videos but look at
this I knew we would end up in the snack
aisle I did get me a slice of cake I'm
not gonna lie but I made up for it with
I got me two huevos is that what it's
called babe right here GJ I was gonna
give you the boiled eggs for your
birthday but honestly I'm just gonna eat
them myself so at least we got your cake
so I won't dig into your cake I got my
own slice but happy birthday once again
you guys might be seeing GJ later on in
the vlog Joseph GJ guys I am so scared
for my life right now okay so me and
Jackie decided that babe I'm scared me
and Jackie decided that we're gonna go
to the mall you know we're just bored
there's no Phoenix Suns game on TV
we already got GJ his gift so we're
bored we're like let's go to the mall so
you know I'm waiting for her to take me
back home so I could get in my car and
I'll Drive us to the mall right and she
goes babe I'll just drive and I'm like
uh I'm not about that babe let me drive
and then she's like no I'll just drive
okay Jackie is a crazy driver oh babe oh
my god the balloons guys so if you've
been watching my vlogs for a while you
noticed that I always drive always
everywhere we go whether we go on
vacation or baby
whether we go on vacation whether we go
to II no matter what I'm always driving
and no it's not because Jackie does not
drive look she's driving right now it's
just because well first of all it's the
more gentleman thing to do for the boy
to drive and also because Jackie is a
crazy driver so right now she's about to
drive to the mall cuz she insists why do
you want to drive to the mall
he says she wants to drive I told to
take me home so I could drive us do you
even know how to drive on the freeway
Park what I'm holding the balloons
I'll hold in the front so just drive
home oh god I don't know why I'm so
scared I long have you been driving for
five years so in case I do pass in case
I go I love you guys all thank you so
much for all the support you showed me
on all my videos all the dedicated
support not just support you guys are so
dedicated to my videos I love you guys
also whoever finds this phone after
something happens please put this clip
out my funeral guys if I have something
happens to me just remember Jackie was
driving I didn't want her to drive way -
you just called someone pussy-ass
because they didn't let you go okay guys
I don't know why I'm talking I'm a
crazier driver okay say bye bye guys bye
guys pray for me away I have to do so
here on I'll guide you with how to drive
ok pass this car goes go Oh way over the
speed limit pass them go go hit the red
light go go go go ok ok fine see you
guys she's not a good driver okay I want
you to flip off the person in front of
you after you pass them on there no no
no no the person in front of you person
on your left is innocent I want you to
bump the back of their bumper hit it
leave a little scratch run flip them off
and then speed off run we're just we're
just soaking come see you guys if she
drove like me I want to be scared but
she drives too safe I don't like it but
ya know all you have to do is just hit
all the red lights go over the speed
limit make sure to bump some cars and
we'll be there in no time
oh wait notification with less than 1
min I can
many helices lead books 108 105 Jackie
gets notifications of MBAs Coursera
phone
update to the vlog so we're on my way to
my house right now not the mall because
we remembered we got cake so we have to
go put it in the fridge or else is gonna
go bad by the time we go to the mall so
we're already going to my house I'm like
yes I can drive right what did you say
she still insists on driving everything
still applies if I die I love you guys
so so much I swear the only people I
love more than you guys are Eric Bledsoe
Devin Booker and Jackie and Bosley well
guys we were gonna go to the mall but
mall plans canceled because close game
one-point game with a minute ten left
and ball is life so we are staying to
watch this game what why did when we
leave who didn't give him money
haha how's the wrist I told him you have
to ice it he said he iced at one time I
said you have to ice it all night at
least at least for this night God look
at my dad's bag of ice this is bigger
than the whole bag of groceries that me
and Jackie just want okay no late on
your stomach
there leave it on guys
Eric Weddle former former charger just
picked it off
do you miss Weddell yeah we miss wet on
San Diego waddle cause Bosley's watching
the football game Oh
Basel you're a Browns fan now I know why
you're depressed all the time that makes
sense
we're all downstairs having fun and
Bosley's alone upstairs watching his
game Boz was watching the game by
himself I think he's a Browns fan that's
why he's so depressed all the time
are you okay watching the game you don't
want to watch it anymore is it done
Jackie's here and my mom and my dad
we're gonna go get chicken no good boy
you're too big to get off the gun myself
uh oh my god well you are watering any
one guys all jokes aside honestly for
how bad the Browns always are I am
giving it up to their fan base they have
literally the most loyal fan base no
matter how bad that even Browns are they
literally have a packed Stadium every
single game their fans are loyal as hell
I give it up to you guys Cleveland Brown
fans now the whole family's here
oh God dad dad your favorite player oh
he was like play no but what did you say
about him earlier the next focus and
what's his name
well sorry buddy
my dad said Steve Young no not the
quarterback the shooting guard is the
next Kobe for the Lincoln
I guess that's enough optimistic view
cuz tell me what you guys want from
Subway mom what do you
all my Chaldean subscribers shaniyah had
you not my dad
literally Zappos he won't eat anything
healthy nothing healthy look dad that's
why the belly is there text me your
guys's ordered oh my god
honestly you guys one eat subway you eat
the bread and veggies you don't even
taste anymore get well we'll get extra
me nominate my favorite gun what cheese
okay so you complain about me and
veggies and bread but you're gonna eat
cheese by itself
God's key look this is a middle-eastern
favorite meal go goat cheese right guys
Jackie said Hispanics do what when your
mom stops buying groceries when we ran
out of food and she'll buy anymore we
would have to get a tortilla we would
have to get cheese I need a real cheese
and sometimes hot sauce into the house
cause that's how his families do it guys
I share my whole life with her and she
won't share her drink I share my life no
this is for us to share go ahead
I'm not drinking after your germs okay
guys my favorite part of the night so we
got Bosley's bed in here we move the
chair to the side we got his water ball
and now it's time to bring him in he
hates coming Bosley you know what time
it is come on come on come on let's go
my room good boy God she only listens
when he's tired good boy keep going not
wrong room wrong room keep going
straight good boy Asli good keep going
good boy good boy and oh no bed this
time Oh
oh and guys look how petty is he
literally sleeps the closes he can be to
the door just to show me how bad he
wants to get out okay Basel you're a
petty but I love when Basel sleeps in my
room
good night buzz Li okay Joe come
surprise for you
just got off work I was surprised for
you hi what's your name how old are you
you wish
here's your gift do you like the balloon
oh my god first thing you doing that's a
freaking beer robot squad yo rusty if
you're watching this you're scrub bro
you're scrub I told you already
you're just he watches Brennan's of you
what's your name buddy is my brother
being mischievious a.m. what are you
doing
you're gonna get him out yeah I don't
want that one though the black one happy
looking at the dog Simon we got him out
happy birthday I told him your gift is
looking at dogs that we're not going to
bind how are you Joe
oh my gosh my feet so fat from that
Eagles
oh thank you
you are so cute happy birthday Joe we're
not so how do you like your gifts I like
them and I like the doll minions oh my
god I didn't feel that I was thinking
about to play events yeah when we went
to the store I said Dalmatians Alemany
ins I didn't know that though it was
called dumb - Dalmatians come out and
she goes oh my god it's the domain Ian's
and the guy next to her is just like
what Barbie you're there every day and
you don't know it's doctor I'm not there
in the briefs come on hey why are you
filming me this is gonna be on Brenda in
the blog or something ah happy birthday
Joe oh my fuck Scott tofu yeah Nikki
your rice is so hot
hey guys I hope you enjoyed this video
it was something a little different
actually something very different you
know me and Jackie will talk from time
to time about her brother and her sister
but they've never been in my videos so I
hope you guys enjoyed meeting them time
will tell us they'll be in more of my
videos maybe we'll do like a challenge
together I don't know once again happy
birthday to GJ shout out to Nikki I
didn't even know she was going to a mall
you guys Nikki shout out to you I'm
super close to Jackies family I love her
mom I love her siblings her mom's
boyfriend Scotty shoutout to him her mom
wasn't in this video but mom or actually
should I call her sister she actually
she looks that young she can pass by
Jackie sister so let me rephrase that
sister we need to get you one of my
videos soon it's up to you whenever you
want to be on them uh maybe GJ and Nikki
they'll be in more videos who knows but
I hope you guys enjoy meeting them like
I said I just have never logged them or
I just don't wanna bring my vlogging
camera inside their home so that's why
they haven't been my videos yet anyways
I hope you guys did enjoy this video
thank you so much for watching what's
today oh today's Saturday it's a weekend
so enjoy your day there's a Phoenix Sun
game actually in a couple hours so you
know what I'm gonna be doing tonight
Phoenix Suns verse verse Brooklyn Nets I
hope we win tonight you guys know me
when the sun's ooo so let's hope that
doesn't happen
hopefully my dad's risk feels better my
dad's and you'll have an update on that
in tomorrow's video and uh yeah anyways
thank you guys so much for watching and
I hope you enjoy meeting some of
Jackie's family by the way coming soon
it's so tempting not to spoil it because
I'm so bad at keeping in secrets I'm so
bad at keeping things that I know to
myself but I'm not gonna spoil it just
know that okay it's not going to be
tomorrow to do but either Monday or
Tuesday is video one of those so I'm not
sure yet there's going to be a huge
surprise like I mean something that
nobody is expecting and I'm extremely
excited I am look if I keep talking
about it then it's gonna come out it's
gonna be spoiled but just look at the
smile on my face I am super excited so
on look at wait hold on I came to
control my smile let me try I can't I'm
so excited but just tuned in either
Monday or Tuesday to do one of those a
huge surprise I might be dropping some
hints on social media so follow my
snapchat Twitter Instagram all those
links on the description below um who
knows but stay tuned for that
