this game was not this Tuesday's Pass
game this game was not from two days ago
this game was from last week um the
reason it's going up right now is
because like I said my chip was cracked
but I got it fixed my camera doesn't fix
my camera still in the shop but I told
you guys I told you was my fault was
trying to get this game up for you guys
I just got my chip back yesterday they
fixed it thank out the footage was still
up so I got it done for you guys I
apologize it came really really late but
there are just some things that are not
in my control I couldn't control my chip
breaking I couldn't fix it myself
so I had to wait for them to fix it my
game from this past Tuesday is either
going to go tomorrow or Saturday so if
you guys love my basketball videos this
is good news you're getting one
basketball video today and you're
getting another one either tomorrow or
Saturday so because I want to get you
guys updated I told you I wanted to
upload this a long time ago but my chip
was cracked so I had to wait but now
that my chip is fixed I can upload my
second one either tomorrow or the next
day it depends how long it takes to edit
cuz these basketball game videos take
really long to it I have to go through
the whole entire basketball game and see
which parts to make interesting in all
that and on top of all the basketball
game footage which already takes long
enough because it's such a long game I
try to make it like a full day's vlog
for guys I don't I don't like to make it
oh here's my bass or video and it's just
the basketball game I like to make it
the full day vlog from the morning till
night so it kind of feels like not just
a basketball game vlog but the whole day
of just kind of everything I do before
my game and what happens after my game I
feel like you guys like that more it's
more interesting for you guys anyways
you guys have been asking for this video
you guys have been begging for this
video you've been waiting for me to
upload it finally here it is I hope you
guys enjoy it and thank you for clicking
this and thank you for lunch guys oh my
gosh buzz I had my haircut appointment
8:30 I overslept for my haircut
equipment look I'd really just won't cut
brush my shout out to Jackie look she
woke me up oh my god look I wake up to
this even my barber texts me I just told
him I was gonna be late oh my god Jackie
woke me up because I have an appointment
look look what a good girlfriend holy
shit have to go
look wake up babe you have your haircut
hello
omg omg guys now my Barber's for sure
gonna go and just mess up my whole head
now I'm just joking he said he said no
problem
aka just wait till you get here sucking
my slipper here guys fun chat my god
every time I step in the garage finds
car gives me a heart attack but here's a
fun fact
I've never been late to a haircut
appointment did today's my first oh hi
no it's okay it's okay my god and now I
don't have my card today's my first time
being late to a hair get up I'm I just
forgot the set no I'm on my phone I
swear I'm just out of a guy I need to go
get my hair cut damn guys I'm so upset
like it's one thing you can lose your
pants trust you could lose your
girlfriend's trust but you cannot lose
your barbers trust like once you lose
your barbers trust it is all over I'm
hoping he could forgive me I don't know
guys I'm I'm about 15 minutes late right
now I'm turning into the shop and said
right now if this car goes wannabe talk
I feel bad for him i'm be talking to him
the whole time about the phoenix suns
start to this season you know what fuck
you
No
whoa i'ma go get my haircut yeah I feel
bad for you Paul you're gonna be hearing
a lot about the Phoenix Suns Oh guys my
mom says she wants to imitate me really
quick mom how was I last night Campbell
what the fuck happened to them I wanted
them to one who the son of course look
what they did fuck them up I'm sorry
that's good that's not the real my mom
she's just imitating me so don't worry
guys look Jackie brought me food before
my game while I edit Nam on editing
breaks she brought me food you have a
crimp cut hook sorry mo she she cute let
me get it up she's never stretched her
exercise in her life ah you know what
she asked me today what did you ask
about the stairs how many times do I
have to go up and down these stairs to
count as gym liar you said 15 we
couldn't go to the gym today because I
had to edit my video and Jackie doesn't
like to go to the gym by herself so she
what she wanted to do a Stairmaster
another machine where you go up the
stairs like this she wants she said how
many times I have to go up and down your
chest for it to count as when I go to
the gym she brought me food rubios so
shout out to Jackie does it really hurt
that bad
like what is it Tai or okay go like that
like you're The Exorcist when she
spotted walk down the stairs
waitresses Oh your hair's babe you do
look like The Exorcist
mm-hmm I know you got your eyebrows done
so you're the ha version of Exorcist
not really guys who's hotter The
Exorcist or her you're the harder
version of Exorcist
okay time to eat yeah imagine how not
enough flexible she is yeah like she can
go up in the sky Oh like close up
okay tell me how many times did you call
me this morning for my haircut
how many times do you call me this
morning to remind me for my haircut at
least 10 get yourself a girlfriend who
remembers your haircut appointment when
you forget it
I woke up I looked at the clock I was
like oh shit I've logged it a little bit
then I showed your messages and your
phone call she she probably did that cuz
she thought I was cheating on her or
something no she called me everyone for
her out I miss my hair coat on there no
babe oh my god it's so that wait how do
you remember I had a haircut if we mice
we're like I forgot yeah right or 8:30
usually thirty in the morning before
class yeah guys I woke up and I swear to
you the all the closest I've ever been
to a hardest you're not getting the coke
Kiko drink water you have a cramp
don't give me oh give me a coke go get
water
got a little lie I looked at the clock
and it was eight it was past 8:30 and I
was like oh shit I was wrong I was like
father close that up into a heart attack
I've never been late I felt so
embarrassed you didn't mind though well
my reaction when I woke up
I'm serious guys we got my dad's hoodie
onto the game I like it
it is game day mom guess why I kept the
glitter number zero undefeated guys look
my team is sadly we're right here at the
bottom eight seed right now only the top
six make the playoffs we've won two and
lost three we're two and three with the
glittery number zero we're two and oh we
won two times when this zero was off
we're om3 we've lost three times so - a
note with the glitter oh and three
without it so I'm obviously going to
leave it on today we play oh shit okay
so today we play a team whose foreign to
their top four so obviously one of the
better teams in the league guys look
guys I'm still the leader of the league
that picture is so ugly and they still
spent my last name wrong after I told
them about it but look I'm number one
twenty point two and then number two is
fifteen point three fifteen fifteen but
yeah guys so we're playing a better team
hopefully we can pull the upset if we
win today three and three like I said
only the top
six make the playoffs oh there's
obviously more games left but we need to
win this I want to be 500 guys honestly
I'm extremely proud of my team because
last week we were playing a better team
and it was a super super close game I
don't know if you saw the video if you
didn't we got though it was a chippy
game I got the technical foul I had to
sit out at the end and we won we won
that game so and we're playing a better
team you do look like Humpty Dumpty look
but I love one your hair is tied up the
top is so sexy
anyways guys so yeah last week we beat a
better team and now we got a team that's
four and two so two tough games in a row
let's see if we could do this
guys I'm honestly surprised that I'm the
leading scorer like if you guys told me
that five weeks into the season I would
be number one in scoring I wouldn't
believe you that's actually crazy but
thankfully I'm painful that I'm I don't
know it's a surprise but it's a good
surprise it's a pleasant surprise I'm
actually I don't want to say it because
God isn't this so dumped even if I say
yeah guys I'm proud of myself for being
number one people in the comment section
oh you're so cocky bro
be humble like your tattoo said who
cares if you're number one in scoring
all I'm saying is I'm proud of myself
because I did not think I would be
number one in scoring I've never ever
been number one in scoring so when I say
I'm proud of myself
I'm not saying in a cocky way I'm simply
saying that I've never done this before
it's an accomplishment that I'm proud of
you know I love basketball you know I
take that well very seriously so when I
say that I'm proud of myself and it's
surprising in a good way I'm not trying
to be cocky I'm just really happy that
I'm number one look at this I would not
have thought look even though there's my
last name wrong on that pictures me if
you can't tell and ugly me but yes
people mistake me being proud of myself
for being cocky I'm not being cocky
I'm just saying and I've said multiple
times and I'll say it again today
I would rather score zero points and
have my team win every game I would
trade all the points I've scored all
season for my team to win that's I'm not
a cocky player yes it's cool that I'm
number one in scoring it's cool down
averaging over 20 points per game but
this is what matters this right here is
what matters and we're number eight if
we're not in the top six we don't make
the playoffs so none of this stuff even
matters the leading scorer and 20 points
a game if we can't even make the
playoffs a we're losing
none of that even matter so yes I'm
proud of myself yes I'm happy I'm number
one
but we need to do better in the win-loss
column because that's more important to
me here's where scoring matters and
here's where wins and losses matter
every bounce ball player knows it's cool
and all the score a lot of points but
the most important thing the thing that
comes first is is your team winning
right now we've won two and lost three
so that's not too bad but it's
definitely not the best we could do so
we got to go do better hopefully we can
pick up the victory today like I said
we're playing a better team I've no idea
who this team is I would honestly look
at my face I'm not lying look at this I
would trade every single player score I
would be lasting the league in scoring
last dead last if we would have won
every single game
he's got mom nice jacket ah mom I was
just telling them I'm proud of myself
look look at the picture listen what I
was gonna say something number one yeah
oh my god you made me so happy I know I
was small okay guys so I just got the
text from my teammate I'm telling you
every game I don't know if my teammates
like to scare me or if they just I don't
know what they do but before every
single game I'm telling you my teammates
because they're all friends they all
work together in the same company
they've known each other for years and
years and years then they know like if
you've watched my Boswell videos they're
not that good at basketball they no
they're not they make fun of themselves
they come up to me and be like hey man
can you teach us how to get better all
this they just joke around about it in
every game before the game they
literally text me saying hey hey do no
pressure but you better win this game
for us you know you better take all the
shots and win this game we're relying on
you and I'm just like easy-easy puts a
little bit of pressure on me but uh now
I like to step up to the challenge I
like to step up to the plate so I like
when people challenge me I want to see
if I can accomplish it but uh yeah they
always tell me they say that they made a
bet with one of the people in their work
he bet that they weren't gonna make the
playoffs but everyone playing on the
team said that they would make the
playoffs so they tell me they don't want
to lose the bet and you know they tell
me they joke around they're like we know
we suck but we know you can lead us to
the playoffs and in my head I'm like
okay that's kind of a lot of pressure
basketball is a team sport but now my
teammates have been getting way better
every game that we play I notice they
get closer as a team they get better
they trust each other more so on but I
guess that doesn't change the fact they
text me before every game saying hey
dude you better win this game for us I
don't know if they're joking or not
honestly I want to
but it is a lot of pressure because they
tell me that they want to make the
playoffs only the top six teams make the
playoffs and so I'm gonna do just that
and help my team make the playoffs
so for everyone who calls me a ball hog
I literally get a text from multiple
teammates of mine saying shoot the ball
take over the game
shoot the ball win us this game we're
relying on you take all the shots you
want and need
so whoever calls me a ball hog mm-hmm my
teammates are literally telling me bro
take all the shots we know we suck we
don't need to shoot that many shots
hey buzzy what's up are we winning or
losing tonight winning you don't have to
say just cuz you're my girlfriend
predict the truth when they're there the
second-best team four wins and two
losses I always want to be right to lie
I want to say bye 5k won by five years
for at least 20 to 22 yeah dad
are we winning or losing tonight the
team were playing is a little better but
we beat a better team last week all
going to the game so are you good luck
or bad luck
okay so win one good my dad the chef for
muscly he makes me smell his hands after
okay dad so we're winning how much are
we winning by Jackie said win by 5 1 by
2 2 how many points am I gonna drop 18
18 okay wait mom we need to go pick up
my ball
I left my basketball at my cousin's
house and you could say oh well just use
someone else's basketball for this game
no I'm very very superstitious once when
it comes to basketball I believe in the
little things matters so I always like
to play with my basketball I always do
this in case you didn't know I tie my
left shoe at my house and I don't tie my
right one till I get on the court that's
one of the superstitious things I
believe helped me win which clearly
doesn't work because we're two and three
the other superstitious thing is every
time I play in a league game I like to
use my ball because it says Devon Booker
on it so in my head that helps me make
my shots I don't know guys I'm a little
crazy I'm very passionate about
basketball
and I do not like to lose I get very
passionate I'm very into the game when I
play so I believe in these things and I
don't like to mess up my routine yeah
guys I could have just used someone
else's ball for today look we have so
many balls here but I like to use the
one that says Devin Booker cuz in my
head that helps me and I left it on my
cousin house we have to go pick it up
look who's driving gosh my dad having me
drive his brand-new car I'm behind the
wheel a brand new Mercedes I said my
last prayer hey I'm a good drivers wait
I love the rooftop you like it yeah it's
blue I don't know if you guys could see
that cameras coming dark good I had to
either to get on the car these are 60s
you better be ready to sell
it's just a prank in the costly
gah babe
go back
oh oh
how many times
whoo a lot of Tears
Oh
Oh
Oh
oh that's still
the team is prospering I repeat the team
is prospering
I'm out already
we're 13 to 8 11050 4 seconds left
so sexy
bed
you
they're 15 to 15 at 4:15
this last brother
Oh
you
first half 17 to 20
the camera keeps dying
but on my phone anywhere
gets a steel baby
Oh
yeah
zero queen
Oh
oh he's because now
you
Romi
you
26 to 27
ah
you
go
oh my god 29 to 28
ah
Oh
Hey
go baby
ah
Oh
we are at 1:48 31 to 29
mom babe
you
32 to 34 37 seconds
let's go
oh my gosh
you
oh wow
buzzer beater listen those revs fucking
I was just saw my mom and dad right now
if we lose in it's our fault I really
don't care that everybody loses games we
played a bad game we lost when we lose
because of the fucking refs that's what
pisses me off and the fact that we pay
them seven dollars every single game so
hold on let me count this up we have
seven eight players on the team times
seven what is that fifty six times ten
ten games so we pay them five hundred
and sixty dollars to do this for this
shit those refs were idiots
let's give you one example first of all
that and one member when I made that
shot that's called continuation that
there's no exit here that's called
continuation if you don't travel or
dribble after you have felt when you put
the shot up that's an an one okay I
don't care the pizzette first of all
there were plenty of times when I was
going up for the shot and they didn't
call they called it on the floor which
is bullshit and then that last shot when
we were down by two with six seconds
left and I drove it in for a layup and
the guy hit me and they said on the
floor that means take the ball out
instead of free throws they didn't give
me two free throws let me just ask it's
common fucking sense what the hell is
the guy going to do for example me I had
the ball we're down by two is six
seconds left what am I going to do when
I'm right under the hoop and I'm driving
to the hoop clearly I was going up for a
layup I was going for a layup meaning I
get two free throws the fact that they
called that on the floor but the fact
that they're getting paid they're taking
our money for this like so stupid it's
cuz and I'm telling you the other team
before the game they're talking to the
ref and you know being all nice and
sucking his dick so obviously they get
all the calls
so I guess whichever way you want to win
then I guess you could win but yes I was
just asking them when I when I was going
up for a layup look I'm a shooter I took
how many shots that game I shoot a lot
there's six seconds left we're down by
two I drove it to the hole obviously to
tie the game I got hit under the basket
and they called on the floor take it out
I'm sorry what does that mean I wasn't
gonna shoot the lab so was I going to
pass it out of bounds was I gonna pass
it to the hoop I should have got two
free throws here I would have tied the
game and then on that last play before
when I shot the three our teammate got
literally shoved to the ground it was
bullshit I don't even care
we I'm not saying we played good but
those reps were done a Wiggins 17 points
karl-anthony towns only had 11 points
she's giving me a massage after my game
guys get yourself a girlfriend who KITT
gives you a massage and stretches out
your leg after your game who do the
stretch now do the stretch uh ah my legs
are so here you owe my god there's a
million and thirty five point fifteen
Vica is that good yeah okay guys let me
just explain really quick because I was
extremely angry right after the game so
I don't think I should end the video on
that note because now I've had some time
to cool off
um I've said all along I always say this
I don't mind if my team loses because we
play bad everybody has an off day
everyone plays bad once in a while but
when we lose because of the rest I hate
that and if I was just speaking tongue a
story and there was no video footage
then you guys could call me a liar or
whatever but you guys saw exactly the
game that I was playing in those reps
were crazy how many times was I going a
first shot and they said no on the floor
and that's a big deal because the
difference is whether you shoot two free
throws or you have to take it out that
last shot man
six seconds left I'm going up for the
layup what else would I be doing we're
down by two with literally six seconds
left what else would I be doing so I was
just upset but at the end of the day you
can't blame everything on the rest my
team did not have their best day I did
not have my best day honestly I was
beating myself over if you saw me at the
end of the game I was yelling at myself
I wasn't yelling at my teammates I never
do that I was a young at the opposing
team
I was yelling at myself because I feel
like I should have made that last shot
um yes there was a lot of pressure the
time was running down and it was a far
three but I should have made I should
have made a game-winning three-pointer
at the buzzer do you understand how
badly I wanted to make that shot
I missed so although the rest did a
horrible job like you guys saw you can't
put all the blame on the rest if we play
better we would have won we didn't have
our best game I didn't have my best game
I should have stepped up I need to play
better anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
mmm shouldn't win that game man put the
rest aside I swear I should have made
that last shot um but yeah you can't
blame everything on the rest we didn't
play our best game so we lost we lost
anyways happy Thursday I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thank you so much for
watching
bruh wha T's Brandon I'm gonna help my
brother do his just watch my brother's
video later today he's doing something
with the trampoline so I'm gonna help
them set it up and thank you guys so
much for watching oh and one last thing
I don't even know people are still
watching at this point if you are was
still watching at this point then you're
real because this video so long but I
want to clear this up because there are
a ton of comments on all my basketball
videos saying bro playing a better
league this competition sucks you know
everyone looks old everybody looks like
they're trash blah blah blah playing the
league that's on your level blah blah
blah well if you watch my first vessel
video I explained it but I haven't
explained it since then I was not
planning on playing in a league I played
in a league before with a lot of my
friends in much higher competition in
the level that I'm capable of playing in
but all my friends were busy for this
season so we decided not to play then
one day one random day I was just at the
gym shooting around and my teammate Matt
came up to me mind you I had never seen
this guy before I did not know who this
guy was he came up to me he's like hey
man you know me and a couple buddies we
work together we got a season that
starts tomorrow and we don't have enough
players to play I've seen you play out
the j-man you're pretty good so would
you like to join our team and it would
be extremely rude of me
to say no and uh although my friends
were busy I wasn't busy so I wanted to
play so I told him I said yeah I'll play
I had no idea what League it was I had
no idea the competition I had no idea
the level of play I didn't know I just
said yes I didn't want to be
and now I'm in this league it wasn't my
choice it wasn't the team I created it
wasn't the league I chose to play in so
for everyone telling me like go plan to
leave your own competition or bro you
suck you're playing in a league with a
bunch of people older than you it's not
my choice I just got asked by some dude
who apparently has seen me play before
and want me to play with them and
literally the day before the season
started I was just like okay yeah sure
I'll play I had no idea I was even
playing in a league so anyways yeah I
just cleared that up
