okay this whole dirty recording okay
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and I never like to start
a video off with bad news but that's
exactly where this video is going well I
don't know if you call it bad news it's
definitely bad news for me I don't know
about you guys if you can't tell by the
camera quality and probably the sound
here's the camera I usually use okay
here's my Sony 5100 my camera broke okay
I'm not sure how but apparently the SD
slot where you place the SD card your
chip obviously is it cracked I'm not
sure how it crack I don't know how it
happened I had made a video this morning
it worked perfectly fine there was
nothing wrong with it and I don't know
where my chip started it wouldn't fit
look my chip doesn't fit and it just
won't go in so something mine and write
something small right I take it to Best
Buy and Best Buy goes yup it's
definitely cracked inside and they said
it's bad they said there's nothing that
they could do about it it's um it's
pretty deep and I said how did that
happen it was working just fine and they
said they asked me to use if I use my
camera a lot and I said um yes pretty
much every single day that's like I'm
now I'm a daily vlogger ideally upload
so they said what happened was the wear
and tear just from taking the chip in
and out in and out multiple times every
single day just it just took a toll on
the camera which i think is pretty
bullshit because a camera that's
expensive and I've only had it for less
than a year should be able to take
whatever I don't know I'm not gonna get
into that but they weren't able to fix
it they said you do have a one-year
warranty so you can ship it over to Sony
and they can fix and send you your new
one and I was like ok cool how long is
that gonna take
they said it could take up to three
months and I said well the problem here
is that you know like I said I'm a daily
vlogger up daily upload so you know what
I'm going to get this fix but in the
meantime I'm gonna have to buy a new
camera so I ended up buying this camera
um I don't know how it's gonna turn out
I hope you guys like it I hope the sound
is good I've never
recorded on the camera like this before
okay guys so here's my key there's all
to my old camera here's my new camera
last second pickup super rushed Sony
what is it Sony HD RCX 675 the handycam
I've never owned one of these I don't
know if I'm gonna keep using this when
that gets fixed hopefully it does get
fixed I might go back to using this one
we'll see how you guys like it how I
like this it's not bad guys
not that I've never owned one of these
so hopefully I like it we will see it
feels pretty weird holding it cuz I'm so
used to holding this one so it feels
weird having a screen on the side just
turn it off a little quick so you guys
can see it handy cam HD RCX 6 7 v well
hopefully this one can get fixed I can
go back to using it now the bad news as
of me having to buy a new camera I spend
unnecessary money wasn't bad enough the
chip cracked okay so while we were
trying to put it in and try to make it
fit the chip cracked I don't know if you
can tell look whoa okay see I'm still
gonna use of this camera but look right
here the chip cracked the chip no longer
fits into my laptop now what video was
promised today my basketball video my
game I promise you guys I was going to
upload it today there's one problem the
footage is right here on this chip the
chip does not fit in my laptop anymore
doesn't go on my camera I can't use this
chip I spoke with Best Buy the good news
is is that they said this chip is not
cracked they said that they could
somehow make it fit my laptop if I bring
it back to them so the good news is even
though you're not getting the basketball
video today which I'm extremely upset
about I've been working on it for a
really long time and it's a really good
vlog not just the dodgeball game it's a
good vlog overall and it's taken me a
really long time to edit you will get it
it just won't be today
um they somehow suck they're gonna fix
it I'm happy because I thought all my
footage was gone
the good news is they told me to bring
my laptop in and they could fix it the
bad news is you guys won't be getting
that for a couple days because me and
Jackie are leaving to Los Angeles to
morning we are going to Disneyland
tomorrow and the day after we're going
to be going to the Suns versus Lakers
game so I'm going to be in LA for the
weekend like I said if you guys are
gonna be at Disneyland tomorrow come by
and say what's up if you're gonna be at
the Lakers game on Sunday come by and
say what's up I'm gonna be at both those
places I cannot wait for the Suns and
Lakers game
nonetheless I don't want to leave you
guys empty-handed so after Best Buy
after I went to Best Buy I put together
a little vlog with this camera so
although you don't get the basketball
game that I played in and you don't get
the Phoenix Suns reaction which sucks I
really wanted to upload either one of
those for you guys I know you guys love
those videos there's honestly I
apologize I'm extremely apologetic but
this is just not my fault something God
does not want me to upload the
basketball game for whatever reason
because yeah this is pretty bad I can
see it inside and then the chip breaks
the chip but thank God they said I
didn't lose any of the footage they said
they could get it into my laptop if I
bring it in shout-out to Geek Squad on
Best Buy the good news is the video does
not end here I didn't want to just post
a video of me talking for you guys so I
made a little bit of a vlog I recorded a
little bit after the son's game for you
guys so I had something up for you guys
I hope you guys enjoy the rest of this
video like I said by the time you guys
watch this I'm going to be in LA I'm
leaving right after my haircut
appointment tomorrow yes you already
know I have to schedule my barbers
coming in early tomorrow 8:00 in the
morning so I'm going to the barbershop
at 8:00 a.m. and then I rise to my
haircut we're going straight to
Disneyland so I'll be in LA this weekend
all you guys in Los Angeles I know I
have a lot of love and a lot of support
in Los Angeles so thank you guys so much
for that and I hope to see everybody who
wants to meet me everyone who supports
me out in Los Angeles I hope to meet you
guys I hope to see you guys if you see
me do not be shy come up take a picture
ask me questions let's go grab something
to eat if we're at Disneyland I don't
know just don't be shy I know it's a
bummer I'm extremely upset I hope I can
get this fixed and once again I do
apologize a lot of people have been
asking for my basketball game and I just
the footage is on here you cannot be
transferred on to my laptop so that'll
be up soon anyways I hope you guys enjoy
the rest of your weekend and I hope you
enjoy the rest of this video I could
have easily been like I could have
easily just made a video explaining why
my camera broke and I can't upload a
video but instead I'm explaining that my
camera broke and I'm also vlogging for
you guys because I don't want
leave you guys empty-handed how easy
would have been for me to just sweet oh
sorry guys my camera broke no video for
today but uh this video comes from the
heart
I went got a new camera bought it bought
a new SD card and made a vlog for you
guys so it might not be the best vlog
because it was super last second but I
didn't want to leave you guys
empty-handed I know a whole lot of
people who would their camera would
break and they would just tweet or post
on snapchat hey guys sorry my camera
broke no video for today but I got you
guys don't worry I got you guys with a
video for today despite the camera
breaking last second I you know I was
gonna leave you guys empty-handed come
on you know me by now yes I know guys I
don't wear anything other than this
shirt
I understand wait wait babe
that's what shirt I'm wearing here's a
hand all the comments on YouTube do you
only own one shirt you wear that you're
all the time no Brian you dumbass
because yes I only wear this fucking
shirt I used to only wear like two times
a week but then when all the comments
are saying you only wear that shirt you
only own that shirt I started weighing
every day cuz I'm Petty Bosley do you
like this shirt I used to not wear this
shirt every day but since I am petty
everyone just comments bro do you owe me
on that shirt you wear that every day so
now I really am gonna wear every single
day thanks to you guys ok so my
girlfriend just went shopping and she
told me she came back with a bunch of
stuff I don't even know what she's
bought so we're gonna see what she
bought ok wait you bought two pairs of
shoes my god
oh hey that's gonna make you like Maya
more like six three okay so there's
boots two pairs of boots they look
pretty similar okay so okay in the back
so that's lace and this is slip-on yeah
okay I rate this one eight out of ten in
this one seven what I'm honest trader
who I love sweater season sweater SZ and
that's nice sounds easy to take off
yes okay I give that one a eight also
not bad not bad I give that a seven kind
of plain but it's it's nice I know but
wait Bosley what do you rate this huh
yeah body's not having it with your
clothes you bought matching socks well
you're gonna wear them like not matching
right guys look at her socks just
showing right now so ratchet you don't
match socks ooh I like that color
oh let's let's see the color gives it an
eight but let's see if the su wait what
the fuck is that
oh okay okay I give that a 8.5 mm hmm
any time chica any time gordita
okay that's nice that's a a as well I
like the color how much money did you
spend
hiiii
I know oh I like why it makes you look
like an angel
I give that 8.50 you can wear that with
the ripped jeans with those ones hey you
went to the whole store shimmer
oh no that's when sort way what's the
whole store called when winter
okay good don't go there oh not bad the
detective trenchcoat are you gonna go
looking for the shooter of Mira Mesa
with that Detective Jackie oh shit she's
gonna go detective the girl cheating on
me
next up not bad it goes below the belly
right yeah hey hey that's kind of short
mmm not bad Bosley what do you know what
do you think is that good enough length
does it go down Oh tell me for me
there's no attitude I like that color I
just told you I like that color
oh man but I was gonna wear this every
day to be petty for the people in the
comments look I really like this and so
I can look really good guys hold on let
me try it on
oh yeah I like this one and imagine it
with some jeans or even the car goes we
know guys do you like this I'm Kanye
West - the rips in the show all you need
is that how about tonight
yeah I know this is so nice thank you
guys thanks big and try this one just
plain buy another one
look we're matching extra you hey Jess
shut the fuck up
okay okay guys Jessica come to a house
and rates just for snacks she comes go
gummy
she comes to my house get snacks and
leave yeah that's right now yeah this
sounds nice thank you I won't put it in
the dryer so doesn't shrink oh good good
I like black guys I like like I look
like VALIC did you guys don't know VALIC
he's a vampire from a really really old
like damn good way I looks good and
scary in black like I could kill some do
you okay how can I get the dress out you
guys no that's too much money to spend
on me yes and no was not what I said oh
okay that's all that much but listen
that I really like that take off guitar
I was gonna return and keep the money
behind your back
I'm just joking don't don't step away I
need to take it off after the piece ah
what are you doing
yes I like both of them thank you but
you know what I like more so I haven't
seen you in like three hours mm-hmm I
said who would you be you are
yeah they're nice not bad not bad
yes ha ha
Bob Lee don't look hey you know what the
detective trenchcoat she's a detective
from Halloween dr. Loomis the one who
tries to kill Michael Myers
what I was Evan nazar Scrooge yeah cuz I
was watching the sons game every time I
watch the sons game I'm fuckin anger
management Oh a user you look good
Claude Lee has a crush on you yes I know
the Christmas guy who wants to kill
everybody well the guy's trench coat oh
yeah I was
hahahaha ranima guys I'm so pissed that
this broke before the Suns game today
because oh my gosh you thought that last
Suns game reaction was bad all my son's
fans out there everyone who saw the game
today it was even crazier than the sons
and ladies won it was even crazier than
the last game I reacted to I wanted it
to work so bad because I was going crazy
my mom said the neighbors complained
they I did of course I apologize but the
neighbors complained I was going nuts
the Phoenix Suns won again on not a
buzzer-beater but a game winner they won
by one point
overtime my heart cannot take this
anymore the suns I've played in six
games so far the season six three other
I've went to overtime three that's half
their games I've went to overtime my
heart cannot take this I'm aging like
ten years every time that I watch a
son's game
it was crazy Devin Booker shout out my
dude Devin Booker 38 points 38 not just
that though the sons were down by three
with 12 seconds Devin Booker hits a
three the sundry down by two with two
seconds Devin Booker hits a 2 at the
buzzer to send it to overtime
I thought it was over right there then I
forgot this man cold-blooded ah at the
buzzer
my gosh I'll get the shop okay it was
crazy I wish I recorded my reaction
because like I said I went nuts the
Phoenix Suns were down by one with eight
seconds left
and they had a game-winning dunk I mean
I guess I could show you guys my
snapchats cuz I made some snapshots but
I wish I caught my reaction the Devin
Booker show has started everybody get
your popcorn ready Devin Booker is on
fire Devin fucking Booker Devin Booker
Devin Armani Booker deep book
Devin Booker karate Devin Booker fucking
clutch cold blooded Devin Booker Devin
Armani Booker for those of you didn't
know that's the mill name I love him
look at this shot by the go Devin Booker
and one get up
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh and look at the smile
look at this gorgeous smile ah guys
sun's down by one with a seconds look at
this play clutch
TJ buckets yes the man is clutch at 20
years old he calls for the ball at age
20 he says you know what my team is down
gave me the ball I will win this game
which is crazy because I don't know
people usually when they're that young
when it's on their second season they
kind of get scared of the moment they
shy away from the moment then when they
get older then they want to take over
Devin Booker is so young and he wants to
shine in those moments those moments
don't scare him which is crazy
makes no sense you figure a player that
young kinda gets nervous under the big
time pressure and the thousands and
thousands of people watching but Booker
wants it he calls for the ball he makes
the shots and he just starts smiling
like it's nothing and people were
tweeting you saying please bro tell me
recorded your reaction well I'm sorry my
camera was broken the Phoenix Suns game
was so crazy look guys look I have my
cup of tea in case you don't know in
case you don't follow me on snapchat
after every single close Suns game
because I yell so so much during the
game I have to make me a cup of hot tea
with honey and lemon cuz as soon as my
throat after I yell extremely loud and
very much to upbeat guys I can't control
it that's proof I don't just do it for
the camera today there was no camera
rolling there was no cameras in my room
and I still went just that's crazy so I
find it ridiculous when people say oh
you just faked your reaction for views
I've been reacting like this to Suns
game since I was 12 years old since I
was 13 years old
I've been getting yelled at by my mom by
my dad so much I can't control it just
happens Phoenix Suns I'm begging you for
the sake of like my heart and my
wrinkles because of all the stress
please stop playing in close games like
if you're gonna lose lose by 30 or 40 or
50 if you're gonna win win by 40 or 50
but enough of these close games I can't
sit down I can't breathe I yell I sweat
more than the players just from watching
the games I get yelled at by my
neighbors in no more clothes games
please Phoenix we always end up in close
games I just don't get it I do not
understand but I don't know it's weird
it just always ends up that way I see
other teams you know they're up by 10 or
up by 20 and then I look at the Suns and
I'm watching the Suns game and we're up
by one or by two I don't know no matter
whether we play the Golden State
Warriors with the best teams in the
league or the pelicans one of the worst
thing in the league it's always close I
don't understand I really need to start
packing babe I mean what what have I not
done yet and how are you haven't passed
out without the hair
you haven't fish guys it's almost 1:00
a.m. I swear I could have easily just
been like so yeah guys I have no video
for today I'm sorry my camera broke and
then I could have done all my stuff but
instead I'm staying up I don't even know
if I'm gonna get sleep tonight I'm gonna
edit this video for you guys I haven't
even started packing look Jackie already
packed all her stuff then I need to pack
and it's gonna be a hectic night and
then I need to drive to LA right when I
wake up in the morning after my haircut
but just remember I do this for you guys
who do I do it for them for you guys
so for wad squad so let's get to editing
this video then shower and sleep with my
girlfriend and pack guys on the real Dom
litter I'm an idiot
who does who waits it's 1:00 in the
morning I'm leaving early early morning
to go to LA and I still haven't started
packing who does that
I'm almost done you guys Jackie isn't
knocked out about to go sleep with her
but I'm almost finished past three in
the morning
