what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka April waters and hold on hold on
them before we start this video let me
just get this out the way so yes this
shirt says skate till late I know I know
I never talk about skating you know I
never talk about how much I love Tony
Hawk but I am actually a skater my dream
is actually to be a professional skater
I have a ton of skateboards downstairs
and uh yeah so let's just get that out
the way I do skate I love to skate now
I'm just joking guys um no I do not
skate no I've never I never knew how to
skate I don't I mean Tony Hawk is I'm
sure he's a very nice person but I do
not have a man crush on Tony Hawk but
I'm wearing this shirt because Jackie
aka my girlfriend picked this out for me
and I'm not gonna say no to my
girlfriend for all you guys in a
relationship or for all you guys who are
you know in the beginning stages of a
relationship or want to get into a
relationship here's a tip do not say no
to your girlfriend if your girlfriend
picks something out for you or buy
something for you you wear it and you
tell her you like it and you force
yourself to like it no matter what and
honestly I'm not gonna lie I've never
owned a picture or I've never wore pink
but honestly it looks too bad see so uh
now the reason I got that out the way is
because I see what my brother wears
rasher everybody kills him in the
comment section bro you'll even skate
you're so dumb you don't skate while you
hang that which I think it's pretty
stupid for someone to bash on him for
Wayne Thrasher because there's everybody
who wears NBA jerseys play basketball no
does everybody who wear baseball jerseys
playing baseball no cuz everybody wear
football jersey played football no so I
honestly don't think it matters to me if
it looks good it looks good if you want
to wear you want to wear it so now that
we got that out the way what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka pro bodies and
I know a lot of you guys were looking
forward to my basketball video because I
promise you that i'll post the
basketball game but it's this that vlog
is going to be so long that if i were to
try to upload it today i wouldn't fit
like it would not be done by today so I
decided you know I I finished half of
that and I'm gonna be bring you guys
this video today at the basketball video
is going to go up tomorrow I promise you
that as soon as I finished this video as
soon as I upload the video for today
imma get straight back to working on to
that basketball video so I did start
editing it last night I woke up early
this morning to finish it
looked at it I looked at the time I was
like there's no way I'm going to be able
to get this video up today so instead of
just continuing on editing that video
and uploading it tomorrow I took a break
I'm uploading this video today so I can
give you guys something to watch today
and I'm going to go back to editing that
right after this I'm upload that
tomorrow I promise you guys take my word
for it it is Friday it's the weekend and
I know a lot of people forward to my
videos to watch over the weekend so
instead of just uploading my basketball
video tomorrow and leave you guys
empty-handed today I decided I'm still
going to upload my basketball video
tomorrow but I'm still going to get you
guys the video up for today I don't want
to leave you guys empty-handed I don't
want to leave you guys with no videos to
watch so speaking of tomorrow I am
actually going to be in Los Angeles
because in case you didn't know Los
Angeles Lakers tickets on the Lakers
play the Phoenix Suns on Sunday the me
and Jackie are going a day early we're
going tomorrow which is Saturday I'm not
sure if we're going to go to maybe
Disneyland maybe Universal Studios
maybe the zoo I don't know but we're
going to go to LA tomorrow spend the day
there and then on Sunday the real reason
I'm going to LA the Lakers and sons so
if you're going to be at that game let
me know we can meet up take some
pictures talk do whatever you guys want
or tomorrow I'll tweet out whether I'm
going to be a Disneyland or Universal or
the zoo or whatever and then we can meet
up if you guys are around there I know I
got a lot of people that watch me in Los
Angeles so shout out to you guys I look
forward to maybe seeing you guys over
the weekend by the way speaking of the
Phoenix Suns we got a game tonight in a
couple hours we play the New Orleans
pelicans I'm not gonna lie Anthony Davis
scares me a little we have nobody on our
team who could guard Anthony Davis
Tyson Chandler might be able to give him
a little bother you know Marquis Chris
the young athletic rookie might be able
to bother him a little but if we're
being honest we have nobody who could
guard Anthony Davis so I'm just hoping
that you know let Anthony Davis get
hands and just shut down the other place
hopefully the Phoenix Suns can get a
victory tonight
I'm hoping we don't lose to the New
Orleans pelicans but we'll see I'm
really excited for that game feed it you
know when I wake up on a regular day I'm
honestly blessed I'm happy I'm like this
but on Phoenix Suns game days when I
wake up I'm like this I just wake up I'm
just now getting my voice back from the
from the last game I'm sure you guys saw
that video so uh go Suns anyways today's
video today's video is going to be a
reaction video to this little I don't
know phone called a show or it's a
YouTube channel obviously it's called to
catch a
cheater and we are live so what to catch
a cheater is pretty much is a girlfriend
or the boyfriend in the relationship one
of them they go to this guy or this crew
who run this YouTube channel to catch a
cheater and you know they go hey you
know I'm kind of suspicious about my
partner cheating on me can you set
something up to see if they would
actually cheat so then this YouTube
channel this crew they put that person
in a scenario they put them in a
situation to where they have either a
you know pretty good-looking girl or a
pretty good-looking male go up to them
and see if the partner is going to cheat
they record that and then they bring
over the partner who asked if they could
test them to come watch the video so
without further ado I honestly guys if
you haven't checked out this YouTube
channel go check it out they just they
only have like 40 or 45 videos they just
started but it's very very entertaining
it's uh they're they're very short
videos but I'm telling you guys they're
really entertaining and I think it's
kind of messed up because you're kind of
I mean they're obviously making money
there's their job you're making money
off of trying to end relationships I
don't think that's smart
but hey they do what they want and for
us fans it's entertaining to watch I
honestly don't think it's it's the best
thing to do I don't think it's extremely
right moral wise but hey they're doing
it so look I've watched a few of these
I'm telling you they're really
entertaining I've seen a few from the
top right here but we're gonna go to
look I haven't watched what where is it
oh right here look I haven't watched it
right here I have not watched it and it
has over five and a half million views
if you can't tell look their other ones
have seven hundred thousand you know two
million four million seven hundred
thousand this one has five and a half
million views so I mean hey it must be
good
will he cheat with an adult movie star
to catch a cheater guys this reminds me
just the title of education sheeter
reminds me of the show to catch a
predator which was hosted by Chris
Hansen although I'm gonna start laughing
just fucking thinking about if you don't
know what to catch a predator is you're
probably too young but I used to watch
it my mom would get so mad at me when I
would watch it all I'm gonna say fuck it
funniest show ever
hi I'm Chris Hansen Dateline NBC would
you mind having a seat really quick god
it was just so funny the way Chris
Hansen would pop up out of nowhere I'll
just start dying laughing anyway let's
get on to this full screen will he cheat
with an adult movie star to catch a
cheater I need to sell my curiosity okay
okay so uh in this one the girl is
suspicious about like she said she's
curious she's suspicious about her
boyfriend might be a cheater
so they set him up to go somewhere and
they set up this this female right here
on the left to approach him and see if
he's gonna cheat and his girlfriend is
watching from the cruise home
okay so test number one he Martin one
point for the meal
Oh oh my god hey again I'm kind of lost
my phone just died oh oh you got my
number for selling Derek oh you have a
girlfriend right I am seeing someone but
slicing out together do you want to get
me on okay hold on hold on hold on see
this is where this is where I have a
problem with this show so he turns her
down the first time and then they make
that female wait outside for him to buy
his book so you know they're trying to
get him down then she asked for his
number and what he says is yes I'm
seeing someone so we can hang out with
you know all of us including his
girlfriend and then they keep making
that female push on to him I mean if he
passes the test the first time or the
first two times then he passed let him
go he won whatever but they keep trying
to push her on so okay she asks do you
want to drive me home and let's see oh
right appreciate well actually I don't
really have any work today
physical voice David you tonight just
filling the cap what
me starting the question fighting Josh
cradle I'm actually a pointer this is
kind of suspicious no whatever just go
yeah and I have this new scheme coming
up and I need to like deep throat this
big monster dick really practice or
something I mean I don't care your
girlfriend oh sure she said I don't care
the new girl the nerd in front of boys
and always kinky job boy a good job
boyfriend can you just give me a ride
that is looking over like uh if this
dude turns it down I'll give you a ride
home look he's looking over like that
but lately
both this girls precision as hell he's
given so many signs where he's like no
and she just keeps on going at it I'm
pretty sure they're paying her big money
because while she keeps coming babe I
think called Jackie babe for so damn
long she called him Dave 2 minutes and
13 seconds in this damn thing she
pinches his butt okay listen I don't
know maybe a slab or a snag but she
pinches his butt like what you got titty
twister to his ass what the fuck is that
what first of all is girlfriend is
pissed
just wait what she said you like it in
the book oh let's just keep watching
this is weird
yeah there yeah yeah this being or not
her number and setting we hang out with
them so I'm experienced
whoops okay okay okay I'm not gonna
break up with him but don't like the he
found her number and send you and hang
out with her so yeah I know in the
discussion but uh okay I feel better
than that's scary for a second there oh
she just made me so it this girl's so
mad she's so pissed you could tell she's
like trying to hold it in and become but
she's so damn pissed yeah yeah dudes
like okay let's do the outro let's
finish this hoodie episode bye bitch and
that's not what a license anymore he
didn't take her in the car he still got
her number and said he won getting out
oh this girl did she she has to have
some latina and her trust me I'm dating
a Latina and their fish they're crazy
like this so I don't know she has to
have mixed lateen or something in her
I still feel heartbroken so she turned
down the course a little more dealing
watch the love you acted better than I
thought you would okay I did it for us
I just
wanted to see how he would act I was
just curious okay
no listen hey I understand why I did
that it was in the state I know you want
to cheat on me please be understanding
of this plan did it look like it he
breaks up with me after a fucking year
wait wait so okay so what happened you
okay hold on hold on okay let's finish
the show okay so what happened there is
that she told him that she set him up
and that he passed and she thought she
was doing a good thing but he broke up
with her and honestly I'm not saying I
would do the same thing but I don't I
would have respect that if I found out
that my girlfriend set me up to try to
see if I was a cheater or something I'm
not saying I'll break up with her but I
definitely wouldn't respect that so for
him to break up with her after that
uh I don't fault him because I think if
you're in a relationship especially like
she said for one year you should keep
going with that relationship because you
have trust because you trust your
partner so on I don't know I don't think
she should have told him she set him up
set him up but you would have robably
seen this video anyway so honestly if
you're doing this without any suspicion
that I think you are a crazy partner but
I mean if you're suspicious then go
ahead go to this crew and set them up
and see what you can do but if you're
doing this like in her case and he
turned the porn star down and she was
still going crazy but I'm wondering I
need to hit up the crew and see if they
have a catch a cheater dog edition like
if they do it for dogs cuz I'm telling
you Bosley would cheat on his owner aka
me so easily like if you brought him it
doesn't even matter with a girl or a guy
but if you brought him someone they're
like hey Bosley so you know I have this
little piece of chicken down at home
would you like to come see it and bother
with fucking cheat on me so bad he would
go so fast so to catch a cheater poops
you have an Edition for a dog's please
I'd like to test my dog and I'm willing
to bet a million dollars that he would
fail Bosley you're not loyal you're not
trustworthy it bothered would turn down
sex easily but when it comes to food he
wouldn't turn that down so I need I need
a request don't try to bait my dog with
sexual favors try to bait him with food
and
I guarantee you'll fail anyways guys
this was a catch a cheater gone wrong
because the girl ended up getting dumped
so this kind of went wrong and she was
honestly even though her boyfriend
turned from the porn stars she was she
went pretty crazy she died honestly I
feel like that's something I would do
but I don't know how other people do
react she wanted the guy to be like
bitch no move I have a girlfriend so
although the guy turned her down he was
kind of like uh yeah I'm seeing someone
she wanted him to just flat out no get
the fuck out of my face I'm dating
someone so I mean she was a little crazy
but I don't know how I would have
reacted I don't know how other people
really should put the reacted so you
can't really judge someone off that
because everybody's a little more crazy
than others like for me like here's
crazy here's cycle and then here's me
like I'm I go through the camera roof so
I don't know how to react it but
everyone's a little different level of
crazy so we can't judge based off this
show I don't know if I went that far but
like I said I don't blame me if I found
out my girlfriend tried to send me up
and c-file cheated on her when I've been
loyal to her and trustworthy and I
didn't show any signs of cheating then I
would be pretty pretty pissed anyways
there you have it if you want to check
out their YouTube channel it's it's
simple to catch a cheater they have
almost 500,000 subs
I'm pretty sure they're gonna keep
growing because they just started and
they're almost a half a million which is
crazy
like I said this show is it's very
entertaining i watch a lot of these
episodes when I'm bored I haven't seen
this one you have five and a half clean
Puetz
it ended in a breakup and honestly
thumbs up give it up to the boy who
turned down the porn star because almost
every single other episode I've seen us
to catch a cheater and in the partner
cheating on his partner so the fact that
the guy turned her down Bravo that's
what a relationship is all about trust
being loyal
I respect you mr. boyfriend um if you
skate maybe you could have this shirt
I'm just joking I love the shirt anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed this video like
I said I promise you my basketball video
tomorrow and in case you guys are down
in Los Angeles catch me I love going to
NBA games I love the Phoenix I'm gonna
be seeing them live I'll be seeing the
Phoenix Suns live on Sunday tomorrow
should be fun too whether we go
Disneyland Universal I'm not sure
nonetheless I hope you guys enjoyed this
video let me know what you guys think
like I said this is
I think this is a little uh not fishy
but I think this show like the kind of
set up relationships to fail and some
people are really in love with each
other some people are relationships for
a very long time
and they plan on marrying each other so
this could be ruining marriages and
longtime relationships and potential
people who are about to have kids so
maybe ruining potential children but I
don't know I mean it's entertaining for
me to watch I just don't it's it's what
they're doing is and see like especially
how they make the girls super persistent
and keep on trying to get the guy to
cheat like this show is just set up to
see if the person's gonna cheat but it
seems as if they make like the person
out they set up they make the porn so
for example go at it until they Chi and
I think I think that's where it's wrong
if you're gonna try to test them and
they pass the first time or they pass
the second time that's fine but the fact
that they make the person keep going at
them to try to get them to cheat to
bathe them into cheating that's what I
don't like but it's entertaining for us
fans I'm not sure it's entertaining for
the people that are involved in this but
this girl just got dumped and she looked
a little crazy so anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed this video but what is I'm
out thank you guys so much for watching
