my god what's happening right now guys
I just wanna tag I can't select you
during a game guys building man you're
wack why is the Suns only playing close
games I swear on my life
holy shit so the Suns are down by one
with three and a half minutes left
oh my god guys my voice is already gone
again
you're lucky I wasn't recording for the
past like five minutes because oh my god
and yes I know the World Series is on I
understand I'm flipping back and forth
plug guys I'm tweeting about the sons
game and every was like hello you know
there's Game seven of the World Series
on but yet I understand I'm flipping
back and forth between the channels when
it's a timeout for the sons game but no
you know me I'm obviously not gonna take
to watch the World Series over a son's
game but guys holy shit my heart can't
take this anymore
every time the sons play it has to be a
close game the sons are om4 they need
this win I do not want to stop get up
Tyson oh no Marge Leonard for three
no no no yes okay so Sons ball they're
down by one with two minutes and 50
seconds the sons need their first win of
the season
go TJ TJ Warren yeah yeah what no they
didn't go to anyone oh well he scored he
scored sons are held by one with two and
a half minutes stand up sons crowd the
sun's out the worst home court in the
league I swear
I'm more hot than anyone at the game
we'll call him they called oh my god
McCollum just got a fucking and whined
so they call an animal from a column but
not for a TJ Warren Brandon Knight you
dumbass he was already going up just let
him score look but they didn't call an
anthem for this the same exact fucking
move
it's the same exact play same exact oh
my fuck way I'm sorry chicas a store
Suns are down by two at two minutes and
20 seconds guys oh my god the sun's
cannot start on five I haven't sat down
this whole game I swear it's been closed
the whole way through
TJ Warren taking over I swear TJ again
you fucking missed and they don't call
fucking foul again no no no no no we
fucking suck we're fucking trash
fuck play some defense you're at home
you're owing for you need this fucking
wing the bladers played last night you
guys were resting go book ok good they
finally call the fucking foul Booker
shooting free throws
guys the sun's pissed me off when they
do this this is what separates them for
being a bad team to a good team when a
good team gets the lead you know what a
good team does a good team takes the
lead and they step on the gas and they
keep building on that lead you know what
bad teams do aka the Suns Oh Booker made
the first the Suns get a lead and then
they relax they go ok we got the lead
they relax and they sit back and then
they let the other team catch up good
teams get a lead and build on it the
sun's get a lead and let the other team
right back in the game are down by two
with a minute 40 seconds left
come on blood so stay with Lillard
nobody else on our team could garden on
a Lillard of the sit back fuck why is
God made Damian Lillard we can't get a
fucking stop go Booker oh my god no no
no no
my god my heart oh my god we learned
made that for you holy shit my heart I
felt my heart shake now score the ball
sons score the ball TJ take it in Herat
all right what yes TJ thank you guys I'm
getting myself a TJ at Warren Jersey
I've been saying that listen as much as
I love Devin Booker as much as I love
Eric Bledsoe you guys know me I love
Booker and Bledsoe TJ Warren has been
our fucking best player this season the
man's a beast he is a beast he's
averaging over 20 points a game nobody
believed me when I said he would be good
nobody he has 22 today and he's shooting
50% from the field come on TJ make this
free-throw we need it ninety nine ninety
seven Suns are down by two with exactly
a minute left
TJ Award winning Most Improved Player of
the Year I swear remember this video oh
my back
come on sons I don't want my night
ruined again Oh TJ sinks it so they're
down by one with one minute please God
please God come on one stop uniques one
stop one stop no no no no no lil or no
no Lillard oh why can't we just get a
fucking star why is Damian Lillard so
good okay little Ernest shooting - oh my
god if he made that got the end up
fucking break my TV huh what no one in
the crowd is doing I might as well do it
God's Phoenix has the worst home court
and the worst home card in the league I
swear so bad look at this what is this
look it's like Lily's on their own
practice score that's so pathetic
everyone who's at the game come on make
some noise this is not right for the
sons it's like they're playing in front
of a empty crowd I live literally six
hours away fun if I lived in Phoenix I'm
fucking
anyways the Sun they're down by fucking
through with 46 second look because they
can't get a fucking stone I know guys no
no I don't like one the sun's booth I
just don't like it I don't like it
the sun's our own for this year one wing
come on and every game has to be close
God's brand and I had this dunk a couple
minutes ago oh my god listen you know me
I'm not abandon knife and I don't
believe he's a good basketball player
but this dunk he went crazy he cocked it
back to where the Nitra demons up at
listen every single time Brad and I had
ever been crossed up every single time
Brandon I've never been dumped on that
cancels out after this dunk he redeemed
himself for everything he went crazy do
we straight up nothing like ah okay guys
anyways I was going crazy after that
done okay sums are down by through 46
seconds please God
the suns and blazers always play really
close games I swear Damian Lillard has
been going off this fourth quarter he's
been going off this whole season but I
prayed that you wouldn't go off against
the Suns and my prayers weren't answered
my God my heart hurts I can't sit down
sons you don't need a three the Phoenix
Suns do not need a three you still have
a lot of time give this ball to TJ
Warren look guys the guy I'm playing in
FanDuel today has TJ Warren on his team
my opponent has TJ Warren I don't even
care I'll let let the FanDuel guy win go
TJ yes Tim j TJ motherfucking Warren
TJ buckets okay one stop get one stop
come on let's go let's go going to be
that high up you don't need to be that
high up wet so get down come on black
stain from yeah come on Scott go go son
go oh my god now PJ not PJ oh we got
fell we got fell
yo fell comes out Brian Brian Brian
where are you oh my god PJ Tucker please
the Sun died down by one 50s Brian why
did Tucker take that name buddy teach me
how good TJ Warren and I have them on my
sandal yeah I don't even care you're
gonna win that Gunkel today okay PJ PJ
make bogey J no pressure
shh shh don't talk yeah come on Chuck I
the volume so low because I don't wanna
get copyrighted hey one more one more
yeah I don't like the girl commentator
and my
she shut up Schuyler you-let's marques
Chris sighs come on PJ Shh don't make
him nervous
Shh come on come on tuck come on tuck oh
no he's out he's out
oh no how could you mother
oh no it's one of these games games no
I'm literally not gonna I'm leaving the
house I'm sorry
look stop that sorry no I swear to God
look no it was the worst what is a tie
game this is actually the worst Tucker
oh yeah toku you get paid 5.3 million
dollars for you just me wait like know
why how good it sees you watch it I
don't even care if you win the FanDuel
go ahead take money I'd rather have
lolly I might feel my heart please
that's who this is I get justice see
anything I'm scared of prison guys
listen wait watch my flashlight
flashlight
guys listen no as a Suns fan I've been
through too many heartbreaks too many
buzzer-beaters I'm writing novel in
shape enough of this shit one con can
the sun's just win I'm watching this
downstairs guys yeah oh my god the Suns
are up by one in OKC against Russell
Westbrook what a bunch of new he goes in
and scores a layup and we lose please
don't let this be a repeat please have a
headache I'm gonna have a heat stroke
feel Oh Joanne look guys yeah we're even
that nervous to ask you the first time
on that - yeah guys by the way we were
watching the World Series um Roger Davis
hit that - our number I called it I told
I said Washington eight a home run
inside the game but I wasn't even being
serious okay okay enough world series
Chuck
Tucker why couldn't you fucking make the
sick one hands up book
hands up don't foul there and the bonus
they're gonna call everything don't let
me call and touch that ball no no no no
timeout good deesigns oh my god honking
holy why does he look like the zebra
come on
okay guys that this is the fakest love
my head is on this
that's just my fake life to act like I'm
not scared stop stop something cause
anything sun's anything please please
please bless you babe thank you I'll
take over time at this point I've been
asking for a turnover or a win right
here I'm selling overtime overtime no
I've seen this story too many times
before the sun's in a heartbreaker
buzzer beater I've seen this happen many
many times before and I'm hoping it can
change right now oh my god come on guys
whoo I thought that's why I was so
confused that Lillard kept scoring
because blood cells usually one of the
best defensive guards in the league and
he showed it right there wait my friend
instead of beating fast to six seconds
left
oh my god listen oh my god ready to make
it a bloody read off the fucking way my
buddy Jay Warren I say TJ Warren come on
go come on
oh look at a hard guy why and what those
brother told me straight up very much
I've been working so hard on its game
this summer you pull me around at the
game I'm fucking recording will I come
on but I entered over but Ryan Jesus
like oh my God my arms are shaking
did I everything they would get a turtle
em oh no I know I need TJ I love you
okay
wait one second look yeah oh my gosh
there's my tailor let's go let's let's
go airplanes I love you so much yes what
rate guys there's one second left
sometimes by two let's go let's led to
the stop please no heartbreaker please
can you go for three fuck no I don't
remember day me learn against all rights
in the play oh god it's helping don't
foul hands up
don't let the leg touch that ball don't
want to touch that one are you fucking
kidding me are you fucking kidding me
are you fucking it King did why are you
actually kidding me again not even one
second stop them no way they literally
just let them get a wide open layup for
the tie yeah I really just want this
times miss fucking one nothing actually
fucking insane what guys are you fucking
kidding me
I should have fucking known better to
fucking celebrate leave it up to the
fucking sons to give up a wide-open
uncontested layup with one second left
you fucking fucking PJ fucking Brandon
not you guys Bruin erred let those
moment that was the biggest moment of
his fucking career they ruined it into
the Phoenix Suns with one second left
with one second left not only do you let
them play to score but an uncontested
wide-open layup only the Phoenix Suns
only the Suns you see this bullshit I
should have known when I was telling I
should have known some bullshit like
this was gonna happen but in expenses
I'm wide open
this is the Phoenix Sun did you get all
your fans hopes up.just support some
stupid fucking shit gods Tyson Chandler
has 18 rebounds look at that shit come
on Bledsoe
come on Bledsoe yeah yeah but yeah
Brian come on going one more start my
voice Brian I'm making me a hot tea with
honey and lemon after this bullshit come
on up by four with two minutes left get
that stock come on book
oh no no threes for the loop get up
no no fuck you can't get one fucking
stop Suns are up by two okay
shaking come on Bledsoe take over this
shit okay book yes book okay go le GSG
oh oh oh come on come on
I'm sweating I'm sweating more than the
players come on oh my god oh oh oh no oh
no no threes no threes
okay hey hey hey travel travel travel
travel travel come on guys
once all of you score my bed load to
hurts tiny throwing Chaldean by Jackie
Jackie I don't know how you're gonna do
this for nine months how much is that me
season oh you know we actually haven't
said one thing to each other I'd like to
our so come on guys what store what your
time you know what booger take over
Allen crap can't guard you imagine a
heartbreak haha oh no oh so close
I'm heading hands up it's fine one stop
one stop good deed good deed good deed
good fucking dick bags defend this just
you one extra should've won the game
room literally the big game of the
season my brothers I think I know it
Matt Brian magic this was a playoff to
the finals
oh wait who won the one see the Cubs
what yeah it's over yeah they want the
Cubs won so are you her mom her mom's
boyfriend is from Chicago he's gonna be
what bank it mother fuckers so the
reason the reason Jackie so happy that
the Cubs won is because her mom's
boyfriend is from Chicago he likes the
Bulls uh Cubs the Bears and he always
travels to Chicago to watch the games
she said if the Cubs won today then he's
buying dinner for three weeks for the
whole family
yeah come to our Applebee's every day
damn poor LeBron I know he's a Yankees
fan by the way
how funny was your mom her mom was so
funny like her mom was going crazy what
did your mom take she said fuck she
knows baseball oh she does her mom was
going crazy she was texting I think and
she said as a joke obviously I'm gonna
need to smoke pot tonight and listen to
my voice all right listen to my voice
after womp
I'm dying guys I'm dying okay guys the
sun's out by 6 with 38 seconds all
absolutes don't give up a three give up
a - I don't care don't give up a three
my boy sunshine fucker took over he took
over this overtime bigger than end one
are you kidding me
listen let them score a fucking - you
have control you have leverage don't
foul that's the worst possible say that
come on
Feeny anything but an and-one are you
kidding me let them get to let them
score - who cares
there's no way guys are going up a six
six monthly with 42nd guys Tyson
Chandler apparently heard what I said
about him in the last video he's going
off oh just like that is in what five
second don't two seconds son we
literally not only do a give up a bucket
not only do we spell but we give up an
and-one and let's just say you have an
animal but make them kill the clock no
we give up an n1 and just give them in
two seconds guys is what I love about
Booker he just turned 20 years old but
he had that killer instinct he was
having a bad game all day and he's
injured his toes framed but when it came
to overtime he's like give me the
fucking ball and he took over the game
some players don't get that LeBron
didn't get silly was like 26 27 years
old and Booker already has since he's 20
feet okay guys we need a score just
baffled AIG the final and waters easy
zzzzzz John come on let's oh let's go
clutch take seven on the shot clock
Chandler with the screen blinds oh right
oh right Oh
oh no no no no not a double-overtime key
hands up hands up hands up oh my god are
you actually kidding me are you fucking
kidding me a by 16 you give to it like a
draught monkeys like at last he ain't
catching he let go of in my progress
that's a bullshit call you like Goldman
let him go on purpose
that wasn't a fucking foul on Booker he
let go of Lillard on purpose because you
knew you were gonna storm they call the
foul yeah let's go whoa they have a
chance to that's the worst car I've ever
seen fuck then look that's what happens
when you have a player named Damian
Lillard on your team when you have a
superstar with the name on the back of
his jersey that says superstar all sorry
you got bullshit house calls like this
they give it to LeBron Harden everybody
Steph Curry Kevin Durant what if they
look look look you let go you let go to
let in score fuck that dumbass maybe in
the first quarter first two minutes of
game you call that but at the end of a
game like this fucking kidding me broke
they're all literally like screeching
guys oh I don't carefully lost cuz of
Osborne it's on the rest i pissing you
off oh please beat the mother hell we're
up by 6 with 32 seconds oh my holy man
only five only five holy shit hello
oh my god Blondo everyone's oh whoa hey
fucking fucked up let's go let's go oh
my god fuck yes yes oh I know this is
the first time this has to be the first
time here quite so my goal a goal shit
in the road go Eric Bledsoe I got oh my
god oh my god please save me whoa
fucking funny Eric Bledsoe I fucking
love you look at this marry me please
yes bringing you injured the fuck out of
me my god guys I leave that little funny
women how fucking happy right now
how do you know what so is the goal can
you watch this watch this
look good evening yes good night good
night that was the best man another
fucking good oh my god there's no way
I'm done guys thank you so much mom it
was the greatest liar of all time have
you heard of Michael Jordan he's now the
second Great Wave altar Devin Booker who
GJ Warren who taught to jello who Eric
Bledsoe who oh my god God that was a
crazy something I've ever watched I
fuckin love basketball I love the
Phoenix Suns I love sports
Congrats the Chicago Cubs you guys who
deserved it my girlfriend is so
beautiful my brother is so handsome
really yeah
yeah Jason Hayward whoo see I know
baseball team hug
see guys I'm actually sweating mom's
easy I know other than me hot tea with
honey and lemon either headache I'm
sweating my voice is gone I'm so sore
mom I'm sore just from watching the game
I was like embarrassed of all-sec how
did the neighbors call the cops
I swear to God I was expecting like God
my body is sore just from watching the
game you know people get sore from
playing after I'm sweating and my body
super sore and watching Bosley did you
see what a pit guys if this is literally
me on the fifth game of the season
imagine food if the sun's ever went to
the playoffs oh the championship oh my
god no but really I'm watching the cups
table right now Congrats to everybody in
Chicago and all the Cubs fans because
108 year drought over congrats to you
guys one can only dream one day the
Phoenix Suns win it championship that
would be great
mom my voice uh good night mom oh I'm
sleeping good tonight
guys this is so bad after every son's
game I have to drink a cup of hot tea
because my voice gets lost why did it 86
that's so bad for my throat guys yes
we're guys my girlfriend has a message
for the Phoenix Suns please win every
single game at one
you have never been this nice to me nice
we're gonna start tweeting our soar to
domina I'm about to tweet right now
Devin Booker every blood sold please win
the next game I work whenever business
guys I'm so nice to everybody when they
win I swear totally beautiful pretty I
checked my friends you guys need
anything tonight ask my mom mom would
you like anything and my mom took his
banjo because she just made me pay the
what was it the water bill yeah but I'm
not even complaining cuz look at me how
happy I am that's my girlfriend she
needs anything man it's just such a good
night on the Phoenix Suns way ok wait
what's your Twitter at Suns
guys Jackie won't let me rewatch the
Suns game
let's rewatch it channel 7 34
yes she said if she doesn't find Family
Guy then we can rewatch the son's game
they replay it every night that's what I
love about NBA League Pass they replay
the game at night after it's over hey
guys I just want to end this video out
by saying yes I am crazy when it comes
to the Phoenix Suns in case you didn't
notice before this video well I hope now
you know I love the Phoenix Suns I love
bass long I'm really crazy about them
but I'm here to eat my own words because
you guys know there's some players on
the Phoenix Suns that I dislike but I'm
a man that when players play good you
give respect where respect is due so I'm
not the biggest band in knife-hand yes I
like him way better coming off the bench
but I still think he takes some pretty
bad shots but i'ma give respect where
it's due he had a really good dunk in
last night's game not just that but he
played he played all right his defense
wasn't too bad and he wasn't taking too
many ill-advised shots
Alex Lane he is a Phoenix Sun player
that I highly dislike enemy along with a
bunch of other Suns fans they just Alex
Len has just been he's been terrible
this season so but like I said give
respect with respect to do Alex Len is
uh he hasn't been good this season but
he played extremely well last night so
let's hope he can build on it because
I've had enough of Alex Len he hasn't
shown anything good this season so the
fact that he had a good game yesterday
I'm proud and here's to hoping the
Phoenix Suns can build off that win and
get the season going on the right track
let's see if it can happen
