no you can't you can't spoil what it is
in the title broke just say surprise
with crazy gave all caps should I play
Gucci stuff crazy extreme o rare Gucci
gift insane absurd Gucci give okay guys
so J came up with a title for his fake
video surprising my best friend would
wear crazy and saying she gave super bow
you forgot the stars at the end super
emotional is a clickbait or is there
really something Gooch in there and
who's your best friend anyways for you
where did you get all candy
given the bow give him the bowl hey
Dennis
oh I got you J here I got you a
chapstick I said I got you I'm sort of
like the top for what reason though no
no J if you want the top you can use it
Jane Jane got a park over there bro you
act like I'm a zombie and I have
infected legs J I hate you bro I swear
and then it's you I like how you got a
new best friend that sits in the front
with you now
hold on you know I would use your chat
server
hey I got a video for Friday surprising
my best friend with my so these are
Balenciaga is right they go for about
$1,000 first of all like who made this
design and pass it down to a bunch of
different people and they all located
because this is this is not okay if I
had those I would make the NBA huh it
feels like a dumbbell so heavy plate
throw it I can't throw it's gonna hit
your foot if they had these invented
when I was younger and my mom hit me
with one of these I want to be around I
could get the same thing at Payless for
12 bucks I think that I need to keep the
this is something more like it this is
what I'm talking about okay I don't
think they have my size though that's
the thing if they don't have my size
it's all good up and obeying one of
these with no I'm just joking well I
could wear these in the snow like to
play basketball James snow am i chucky
the killer doll a bounce on one foot
alright I'm not gonna sure your feet go
into your other foot then I always think
you see it okay guys so I'm like a size
expose this is a size aid but I want
this shoe really bad so
see if I can make this work any other
nail clipper clip my toenails I'll shave
off some of my toes - yeah just cut off
some of your toe honestly what do you
need
if it's yeah so we're trying to find
places to eat but it's always hard
eating with Jay because he doesn't true
boiled know when he goes to Subway he
gets his veggies grilled on the sandwich
so he likes yeah you know Kobe played
for one team his whole career that type
of loyalty that's what you have to say
geez over the fly yeah yeah here I'll
hold it for you how about that so so
last we left them off was that they were
gonna check if they had my size in those
black Balenciaga so what's the news
what's the news I swear I'm not gonna
touch anymore I'm making a mistake
camera off Kim so we walked off I'm
still my lucky but they're ordering it
in for me I gotta come back one day soon
I think these are dope I'm getting some
mixed reactions but I really like these
ones thank you is that a vegetarian hey
Jay I need a title thumbnail for this
video you think you could steal
something really quick
but you won't eat meat for your friends
hey J okay I was looking no you would
have to go all the way get caught and
then have security arrest you for a good
thumbnail yeah oh and I'll put a bow on
your hands got my best friend arrested
my best friend steals a room enough he
cried yo guys so we were all about to
leave the mall I have a basketball game
coming up but when we were at the Gucci
store
I actually saw something that Jackie
would really really like and I know a
lot of people are gonna be like oh
that's weird why you looking at things
for your ex-girlfriend but I've said
this a million times just because me and
Jackie are not dating anymore we're
still friends we're really close friends
she has no idea I'm surprised with it
they don't let you record inside of
Gucci's so I'll just let you guys know
what I get when I walk out because the
workers aren't looking but I'm compare
this the backpack she's in love with it
she's wanted it for a really really
really long time and you know what she's
my friend she's nice to me she deserves
it so I'm gonna get okay bye
this video started as a joke surprising
my best friend with Gucci extremely
emotional and now it really turned into
all we should get the ball let's see if
it's emotional gone wrong insane what do
you think her reactions gonna be
you think she didn't cry well you're
setting the standards high now she
doesn't cry I'm gonna be like a my
friend said you were gonna cry does that
mean you know I appreciate the gift or
what no I'm happy I got this for her
every time I came in they never had it
in stock look what happens when you be
nice we're probably gonna be late to our
game there's hella traffic coming back
home and our game is gonna start soon so
hey Jackie
just enjoy this gift that's all I'm
gonna say are we late or no I think so
it's hot
yeah you're right I'm just joking guys
guys oh my gosh I texted Romero I said
yo where you at he said at home I said
bro our game is about to start
he said I thought it was later I said no
bro our game is about to start and so
he's leaving his house right now but he
lives way farther Romel who is our best
player Ramos better than he ought
admitted he's our best player he's gonna
be super late hi bro there's gonna be a
struggle but hey souls with you it's all
Gucci I'm gonna do my best to overcome
this challenge why would we stretch the
out like that we're already missing what
players
hey hey you got him to me on camera
you're better than him I swear to God he
said Romel is better than me is avin
gonna go in
we're on we got to get you in there
we care about hey he is better
there we go hit that
damn there we go
hey Romel i want another freak
crispin him every team
Oh hit that
okay so who's ready
so Romel dropped 30 points today and we
won the only problem is well Mel's
Barber was on the other team I'm messing
up his hair too real quick watch this
around my barber on the other team I
weigh 500 I would let him score every
shot wide open
okay guys so we ended up winning our
game right now so I'm super happy Romel
went off you freaking had 30 points and
now I can't wait to go get Jackie or gif
time I just want to see her reaction
because I'm telling you she's wanted
this backpack for a really long time and
it's actually really nice eight is it
only for girls I can I wear it
cuz I'll take it so how would ya look
who decided to show up so when I need
something like an emergency and stuff
you don't show up but when it's a gift
then you show up she always shows up so
Jackie is here I told her I have a
little gift for her she thinks it's a
prank or something do you think I would
touch a lizard I mean I don't blame her
I've painted a couple of times here and
it feels like right now like we're doing
a reaction video so we have the screen
in the middle and we're sitting far
apart and this is my gift to Jackie like
I said earlier but I'm gonna repeat
myself because people always blow it out
of proportion me and Jackie are still
friends so if I feel the need to do
something nice for her I'm gonna do
something nice for her just like I'm
sure if she feels the need to do
something nice for me then she's gonna
do something nice for me when I was sick
like a couple weeks ago she still came
to the hospital she still took care of
me no I'm telling you right now I'm not
going to touch a reptile to put it in
there so what makes you think is gonna
be when there's your friends well yeah
that's who they were that's huge
okay don't get carried away the guy for
whatever reason put it in a huge box and
then I have to hear you know you've
never got me anything to achieve it's
like it's better to be your ex and you
people are gonna be like oh my gosh how
come you never got anything Gucci
no just kidding I never wanted exactly
I've tried multiple times to get Jackie
like gifts and she's always like no
she'd always be like oh if I want
something I'll save up my money to get
it myself and I'm just like okay then go
ahead go get it yourself okay the first
ribbon untied oh wait don't forget the
receipt you you would get mad that I
spent this much the box is open wait
this is huge
oh my god stop don't tell me don't tell
you feeling it I know it can I just tell
you what I know it is they're not very
I've been wanting for like like see this
is why I don't do surprises how do you
know how does she know and not only did
she say bad bad but she knew exactly
what you wanted I don't know how they
had it in stuff how long do you kiss on
the cheek just having it stop easily you
guys this is one thing that I Sylvain
and I'm like oh my god I would die for
this you know who I'm going back to
school mom I feel so bad for Jackie
right now I smell so bad after my game
super sweaty about everything ready
after again look at this height piece
Jumanji Gucci and Nike Javon Chi you
don't think you meant you know only
young dogs as you think you are you
wearing I'm dying
you guys might look like a real-life ho
you look like Winnie the Pooh was too
close to the moon how'd you find it how
do I know that was
since you asked me about a million times
oh my gosh how'd you find it let me tell
you so first you know with me and my
friends you know we went to the mall you
know and like we were walking around we
saw the Gucci store we're like oh just
walk in there you know yeah so we went
into a Gucci store and I'll just looking
for shoes you know and then I saw this
backpack so that's how I found it by the
way how did you remember because you
guys I saw you act like I'm freaking out
short-term memory loss I know well I I
feel like I've told you about this
backpack so long I got thank you you are
your welcome-home off but yup this is
Jackie's guys here's the backpack I
recorded it a little bit in the store
but the person who's gonna yell at me
for filming in there they don't want you
filming me so anyways I'm dying are you
wearing motorsport outfit yeah
motorsport I'm like shocked right now I
don't even know what to say to them
right now you can give me the slash you
know god I think that was gonna close
out today's video as you can tell Jackie
is extremely happy right now sewing
going where are you going where you
going I think you're going to school no
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video I really do hope you guys
enjoyed subscribe to this channel if you
are new drop a like on this video other
than that guys Brandon hey I miss you
guys
go ahead go it's not afraid to you're
okay you want me tell you the story
Paula back because the people gonna X
out the video flex out one more time
yeah but guys I love you guys also so
much thank you so much for watching this
video I love you guys
yeah my voice is gone because of the
study well concerts by the way
