the atmosphere of the room before we
tell a story Jackie of course in your
hot cheetos brian's at least healthy
with the banana go ahead here repping my
brand new jersey devil okay
yeah they don't even sell this online
you have to go to the teen shop to buy
it stitch
there's the behind the scenes of setting
up a story video it keeps your dixon
down after all right we can start this
work i guarantee you they're all gonna
watch how you eat okay guys well first
of all we have to even it out cuz i'm
talking a little lower huh but a little
lower like jump on it about go teach
whatever
okay guys today's video going to be a
strict video of the stories actually
here before i start that i just want to
say I'm getting my cousin Stanny a shout
out on here she won her first football
game Sani
steady shout out she won her first of
all games will congrats on her second on
their the Phoenix Suns game later
tonight we rollin for four games four
losses I'm Devin Booker is questionable
he might not play some wings so he could
play together play the Blazers Oh Damian
Lillard has been a beast the seasons
been on my misery is he really you just
told me you mind of one player the
guitar did very good well it sounds
gonna have to do pond Damian Lillard
because Lillard has been a beast I'm
hoping the Phoenix Suns can pick up
their first win but a Devin Booker
doesn't play let's just say our last
game against the Clippers without Devin
Booker wasn't too pretty so hopefully
Booker can play hopefully he's healthy
he has a big toe injury and uh we'll see
hopefully the Phoenix Suns can pick up
their first victory as many of you guys
know yesterday I played my game so I'm
gonna be uploading the footage of that
tomorrow you won't get it today it's
very very long a lot of footage so
you're gonna be eating that tomorrow
today we're just here to tell you guys a
story so Wednesday I hope you guys are
enjoying your Wednesday and I hope this
video makes your Wednesday even better
so we're gonna we're just gonna start
the story with um if you guys don't know
if you haven't watched any of my story
videos me and Brian like as kids we were
just like stupid like we were just like
if you think myself we have fun it
we had a lot of ended you tell people
what we did ask kids if you like cuz
yeah like they would think we're stupid
like loved each other we were each
other's best friends well you still love
each other
I know so so so let's just say this so
me and Brian have like we have that a
mini basketball hoop man we would do the
dunk contest in our backyard we had a
very small basketball hoop because we
were basketball players we would play
basketball all the time but uh you know
some days we would be very very strong
and our legs would hurt from all those
dogs and we would just we would need a
break from basketball we didn't have
like the professional trainers that NBA
players have that yes your legs and like
you know let's go guys so we had to take
a break and on our off days from
basketball we would I'm sure you guys
have all played this game with balloons
so you pretty much yeah you hit the
balloon up and you don't let it out let
it touch yeah if it touches the floor oh
my god lose weight do people play that
game or no I mean yeah then it's not
like a real game of people just do it
yeah I don't want to so me and my
brother would like we would love that
game on our off days you know on our
days where we didn't play basketball
this and so by the way none of us knew
how to blow a fucking balloon so my mom
or dad would blow for us and taught a
member the time look at the time I still
don't wanna tell ya the balloon is hard
but you know okay fine you're allowed to
know it was on my bed when I went to sit
down was it guys at five in the morning
I woke up literally half asleep reached
over for my skittle where I'm going to
eat Brian look at the bad guys the shit
was almost full look I ate a lot to it I
reach over for my skittles and while I
was like sleeping while I was like I'm
actually felt like this I would eat two
at a time
yeah oh yes you let me every nomination
is a green imperfect and then I will do
this look upon him I might open my eyes
and towards yellow I'll put it back in
the bed so cuz I don't like yellow
skittles so when my girlfriend came over
she hates when I eat candy in the middle
of the night this was out like 5:00 in
the morning she came and I forgot I had
left this on my bed and I was in the
shower I open the shower art it babe
don't go to my room no go no room so
they I'm telling you right there more
much he knows one writer another bag
you know I got that Campinas but
continuous or until we're playing a game
in the balloon you know the balloon has
to stay in the air we have to keep
tapping it with take turns so I had it
once and violence it and the goal of the
game is I have to try to like tap it for
so Brian doesn't is it able to keep it
going cuz then I win or he tries to
throw in a weird position so my mom is
just she's just having a very nice day
to herself you know they're in the bad
ice woman my mom's are really nice fun
and she's very clean she takes back not
even showers she's let's it lets the
dirt off her body soak in the bathtub
like she's very clean so what do you say
this day was like a nice weekend it was
very sunny I was like yeah I know it was
it was definitely daytime like a
Saturday like maybe like one or two yeah
baby and 3234 I'm just doing I like fun
yeah and you know my dad's at work so
it's just me Brian and my mom and my mom
obviously being a mother of two kids we
were 10 and 11 yeah we were the sad
thing is we weren't even that young we
were kind of like in middle school yeah
so my mom you know she's she lives at
the house it's her house she didn't feel
the need to like lock the door while she
they took a bath like me and Brian were
just playing our game she was just gonna
take a bath really quick and whatever
not everybody locks the door in their
own home they feel comfortable enough so
you know me I'm browning or starting the
game you know I hit it first he hits a
second I hit it first
aha you you you anyway oh oh advancing
it you know you have to cut that out
no okay what oh you didn't put them here
for me
give her the chin say I know Brian go
like it no I know the right hand back in
yeah look they're not even that red cuz
he like because I fucking ate too
peacefully a continuous or you're eating
my chips
that was her our one-year anniversary
gift for her and you're eating your
garden put my hand back look so we're
hitting the balloon right and I hit it
Brian here - I hit it and before you go
we're upstairs we make our way
serious by hitting the balloon and if
you don't know my mom's room is up see
right down the hall down the hall so
let's just we're hitting it okay and the
ball is good it's getting closer and
closer to my mom's room so common sense
is hello like wait we didn't really know
that my mom was bathing we just knew
that she was gonna be in like I mean
even if she was like we just we just
like minded our own business about the
balloon yeah so two normal kids would
maybe be like hello the balloon is about
to go in the room where the mother is
bathing let's stop the game me my
brother needs care edge we just wanted
to wane
this was the beginning like the balloon
game so laughs to blow my nose
guys listen how nasty is he might look
small Brian do it in here he might look
small but look I'm not see his nose bows
already goes yeah when you're sick no
matter how small you are you will you
sick every day I'm pretty exhausted
right look man my brother's yes
times have taken look he really came in
here I look so skinny today I swear Yeah
right I don't have a go go go
it's not that bad like oh it blow it oh
I know to the cordon okay got it up
continue Brahmin keep cutting officer
area so we're super competitive or yeah
we're into the game we're going we're
going we're going and so the ball goes
into my mom's room the balloon I should
take and but don't worry guys my mom's
bathroom is to the left it's not right
when you walk in room so we figured okay
we're still good my mom is bathing but
we can't see anything she's in the
bathtub before you know the fucking ball
goes in the sways into the thing we
still didn't think okay let's stop
playing we were so into who once win and
my mom's it goes into where she's
showering then she's like hey I get out
can L get out and we're like hold on mom
we're not looking so we weren't looking
but we're still trying to play okay now
this is where like this should be on
ridiculousness if ridiculousness was a
show back we recorded they try the
frugal nobody they would have like 100
million NL hundred I boom so thinking
about saves all the balloons in the air
where my mom's shout baby and we're not
looking because we obviously don't want
to see my mom naked no offense my mom's
very beautiful but like obviously we
don't want to get her naked so we're
trying not to look at she's saying get
out get out get out
so hit we're just looking at the balloon
I tapped the balloon this way over the
bath all over the bathroom and Brian's
not looking at my mom so I'm just
looking at the balloon up and I go hey I
just excited yeah I'm going I'm China
fucking go and I try to hit the balloon
and I fucking fall in the bathtub with
his clothes with my clothes on with my
mom is the fucking best timing no it was
so funny imagine you like trips
backwards like this into the bathtub on
my naked mom and I said oh my god she
was yelling she was so mad I told you to
leave her think of Brian's all fucking
wet with his clothes on and my mom's
like pushing him Brian I'm traumatized
from that day no that was so like I'm
him like why not even I did not gonna
I hit the back of my dragula but yeah
it's pretty low so imagine it hits him
right here he just flips backwards into
the bathtub
I was always saved my life guys know
about one see if we caught that on video
that was I would love looking back at it
well like you have to like we're not
like that but like let me mega how funny
was like I'd like unguent blare out my
mom guys know so I guess the moral of
this story is that like no matter how
badly you want to wane cuz trust me on
the bass uh player I love to win games
and I love winning
but as badly as you want win there's
some boundaries such as if your mom is
naked taking a bath then maybe you might
have to like cut up being a little short
or maybe tell your mom if you're
watching this to lock the door I don't
know or maybe like a brother not to
purposely fall in the bathtub with money
I still to this day don't know if he did
it on purpose or not because it kind of
looked like oh like Tovar and felling
although I really wanted that I'm not
one to judge but anyways guys there was
today's little story video like I said
today's video was supposed to be my
basketball footage from the game but I'm
giving that to you guys tomorrow so you
don't want to miss it
this is my sixth game of the season so
far with two and three two wins and
three losses so yesterday was my six
game check if we're gonna fall to two
and four or go three and three got 500
you'll see I hope you guys enjoyed this
story video once again shout out to my
cousin sani cuz I really like this
Jersey I don't know why they don't even
sell all my babe how are we looking for
a black poem for me I have to go in the
sleep John Wintle they made it in front
of you yeah like I had to they don't
sell this stitch they might sell
replicas online but this is actually
stitched like the official one and I got
a Marquis Chris one look marquise Chris
guys my next Jersey purchase is TJ
Warren for sure
look marques Chris and my next one is TJ
buckets I love TJ Warren uh oh you are
my FanDuel today Brian
we actually make my one up I think you
were too late now oh my gosh me and my
brother played FanDuel against each
other and my cousin Gilbert but anyways
I hope I hope the Phoenix Suns can win
today we're on for but we've had a
really really tough schedule Hey NBA
schedule makers who the hell gives the
Suns
at OKC against the Warriors
add the LA Clippers and the Portland
Trailblazers are that a lot of close
ones yeah that's that's the one posit we
had a lot of close games again like for
example the Warriors beat the Blazers
last night by 30 we only bought so
Blazers by six we took OKC to overtime
and Russell Western had over 50 points
so the fact that we Lin lost like three
when he was a monster that's a positive
the Clippers Devin Booker didn't play so
although we rowing for there's some
positives but at the end of the day
though the standings don't say when laws
and positives okay you don't make the
come out winner on it if you have to win
the game and it's a feeling i tweeted
earlier I said the Phoenix Suns are on
fire and kill myself so mobile I know
and you have everything the Blazers yeah
so you know what you heard it here first
that you're gonna kill yourself you guys
lose well that too but you heard it here
first I'm making a bold prediction I
predicted the sunsweet the Clippers last
time but Devin Booker didn't play so
that was invalid so you heard it here
first Brian you fucking scavenger for
Foucault each Baltimore he later called
hands blue is known as Doug hospitals I
call it here first the Phoenix Suns are
picking up their first victory of the
season today against the Portland Trail
Blazers
we're playing at home Portland played
last night so they're on a back-to-back
I am a little scared of Damian Lillard
and CJ McCollum yeah that's at the red
but Eric Bledsoe defense is really
really tight so I'm calling it here
first the Phoenix Suns are winning their
first game we can't start on five we
gotta go one of many I have to watch
these with you for luck guys my brother
I should get so scared when you watching
the game with me wait what okay next
story video we have to tell them what
you got up wait up don't spoil it but
I'm some of those nut it up okay you
would dish it okay guys we're gonna tell
them story video next time anyways thank
you guys so much for watching and check
me out in the description where should I
put up a story time of face rub in my
channel for more buta I'm listening
today love it I'll be a good person
today cuz click if you go to if you
click play that automatically means
you're going to hell and you're
committing a worse crime than shooting
someone here just put face Road I'm just
a nice today guys because apparently to
all the people who watch YouTube videos
all the content creators deserve to burn
in hell if they click me so what the
thing is it works not just that but
everyone
does it I don't want to get all right
thank you so much for watching this
video it's been for Wallace aka
D book Devin Booker phase drug a get up
close
do I tell me a little bit further I
think yeah I think that's good about
this ah I'll be in my life do it up
close you know so how do you doing guys
you know I was dying so hard to do like
no people off the me angry words ask me
to do my laughs and I'm like it's not
like Missy I can't just do it yes like
make me mad girl gisli and then you
joking okay guys that's the end of my
video thank you guys so much for
watching and uh we're out peace
