you know if you miss yesterday's video
today's video is not gonna make too much
sense so in case you didn't have time to
catch yesterday's video the link is in
the description below go check it out
and then come back and watch this video
it kind of goes together they're all
part of my Phoenix trip not shooting bow
my god somebody take the whistle from
man son
guys look at this right now look after
the game I don't know why they're so
happy the Sun just got smashed up what
is going on you guys Brandon here aka
bro artist so last night after an
amazing night after a crazy hectic I
want to say one of the best nights of my
life
but maybe it was the best night of my
life if only the Phoenix Suns ended up
winning but that's not my point one of
the best nights of my life you know went
to the Phoenix Suns game I got so much
love from you guys as fans and I got so
much love from the Phoenix Suns team
that interview the I got given a
game-worn Jersey by Devin Booker just an
amazing night and I met almost 300 fans
just thing about that security has to be
pushing fans back because there was so
many fans for me for me
Brandon oh what is this dude whoo right
here was a nobody in high school now has
like these people wanting to just take a
picture with him and sign something I
was telling my security I'm like no it's
okay let them come you wouldn't let you
guys come so I went up and I met all of
you guys I love you guys
anyways I digress so after that I came
back to the hotel leading it back to the
hotel till like midnight and what would
a normal person on vacation do come back
from a game you know long day long
trades traveling they come back and go
to sleep
write up vacation in a hotel room what
do I do I come back at midnight and I
start editing I get to editing my video
ok I start editing my vlog and you won't
believe this so this vlog ended up being
46 minutes long that's right
46 minutes walk I was up to almost 7:00
in the morning 7 a.m. editing the video
I started around midnight or 1:00 and I
finished around 7 a.m. look at the
saddest news like I said I'm upset I'm
pissed off let me tell you why
so I go to upload this forty six minute
video right this hotel Wi-Fi stinks you
won't believe the upload time
it's messed up so this video I stayed up
all night to finish I finished it by
7:00 in the morning but I didn't upload
until right now like 10 o'clock and it's
it's not going to be able to go up until
they're really really late so I'm really
upset with that okay guys I just bought
premium Internet
okay now work first of all look at me
reppin Bosley we out here Phoenix
Arizona everybody's walking around
repping you know Arizona Cardinals
Phoenix Suns I'm out here repping Basel
II Basel II I miss you I can't wait to
see you out here my dog literally my dog
first of all guys I lost my voice
playing bass line yesterday
things are getting chippy so you know
yelling the usual and then obviously
because of the son's game meeting all
you fans it was crazy I'm getting so
much love in Phoenix
so so much love in Phoenix it's
unbelievable I had to buy premium
Internet because my video finished
uploading and I didn't get to pick a
thumbnail in time before my I 24 hours
of Wi-Fi finished now I'm gonna make the
thumbnail and then my video is finally
finished this has got to be the longest
video ever taking me to edit upload and
pick a thumbnail that shit
taking so long Gilbert a lot of you
might be wondering hold on let me put
the camera down really quick where's
some good lighting
aka no we're in this hotel whatever okay
I might stand on the back
although I think I have a microphone
how's tall anyways you guys might be
wondering where Gilbert is well guys
okay guys so a lot of people might be
wondering where Gilbert is because I
know you guys all loved it
so so so much you guys have been you
know obsessing over Gilbert on all the
comments section of the videos you know
you guys like important to me so you got
five be wondering where it over it well
this is where it some people call me
crazy today Friday me and Gil but we're
supposed to take off we were supposed to
leave Phoenix Arizona just we drove here
on Wednesday we were supposed to leave
on Friday yesterday I was really really
busy editing my video and trying to
figure out how to get it uploaded so I
didn't have time for a meet and greet
you know what I promised before I came
here I promised some meet and greets all
my fans all my fans were looking forward
to a meet and greet and I promised them
a meet and greet so today was time to go
you know what I didn't said Gilbert left
I stayed plan to meet and greet I bought
a flight ticket to go back home so I'm
leaving tomorrow I bought up I bought a
plane ticket back to San Diego tomorrow
Gilbert's like what are you crazy and a
lot of people call me crazy because of
what I did for you guys for my fans but
I love you guys and I made a promise to
you guys I promise I'll have a meet and
read so I wasn't going to leave here
without having one so I'm here alone for
the day I'm sleeping alone in this hotel
room today and then tomorrow I'm flying
back to San Diego also I could do this
meet-and-greet today and when I tweeted
that I was having this Meetup people
were going crazy so I don't regret my
decision I don't mind staying here an
extra day I was about to tweet you know
all sorry guys I know I found some me
and green but I have to go back home but
I said you know what
Gilbert you go back home I must say and
do this me angry
so I'll see you guys at about a couple
hour past I have never done a meeting me
I've never planned one I don't know what
I'm supposed to do am I supposed to
fucking like bring that chair with me am
I supposed to bring the table of my I
bought a sharp
me so I have that now I don't know what
to do like I've never done it meeting me
I've never hosted one like am I gonna
get kicked out by security I don't know
so I'm nervous but I'm really really
excited God every time in the past when
people have told me to do me & Greets
I've always turned it down I've always
said no because I feel like nobody would
show up is that honestly I never feel
like people would actually show up and
then today you guys you Twitter people
you Twitter people so if you follow me
on Twitter you it's on you guys you guys
convinced me to do a meet-and-greet
convince me that people are actually
gonna show up so I'm a little nervous
just in case I go in oh but it's gonna
be there but at the same time I'm
extremely excited I've never done this
before
you know I've been to the mall and stuff
and I've met fans but I've never
actually hosted a oh come here to meet
me like I don't I just feel like people
wouldn't come but you guys have been
tell me you're gonna come so we'll see I
am really excited I love love love when
I meet a fan when a fan comes up to me a
supporter a subscriber know we take
pictures talk a little and I just love
that it makes my day and it makes me
really happy to see the people who
support me because you've got no the
reason I'm living the life I'm living
today you guys are the reason for a big
part of my happiness so when I meet you
guys it I just get really happy so today
to dedicate a whole day just for meeting
you guys is I'm gonna be really really
happy so I haven't stopped smiling today
I've been trying to talk with a few
places to see where I could go to be
hungry and I can't wait I honestly could
not wait anyway guys so yes I am here
alone and I am starving you want to know
what I'm gonna go eat I'm going to go
get Raising Cane's I'm going to because
I'm on my car with drove and Gilbert's
car I'm going to go over to raising cane
you know what it's 25 minutes away
there's a million food places around
here me but I want canes and canes
almost 30 minutes why so I'm gonna over
about 30 minutes away because you know
what my favorite thing is aside from
like taking pictures and talking to my
subscribers my supporters you guys my
favorite thing is when you guys ask me
for an autograph
that honestly makes me so so so so happy
because when I was a kid growing up I
would go to all these end game players
and try to get an autograph so I know
like how big of a deal it is
and autograph from someone I know when
when you get that autograph from
somebody you look up to it's like your
most prized possession
so when people ask me for an autograph
I'm just like this is crazy
I grew up begging other people for
autographs and now people are asking me
for an autograph it's it's ridiculous
and crazy and I'm just like I look at
the person asking for the autograph and
I'm like me like you want me to sign a
are you sure like okay and then her sign
it at the sungei my son shoes shirts I
sign some of these foreheads
I was signing folk cases and every time
I signed an autograph it just hit me
like every single time like I'm the kid
who grew up begging
other people for autographs and now
people are at it's just I love you guys
I love it I love you guys so much I
swear okay guys so I'm out here with my
food waiting for the uber drink about
three meals three meals one for right
now one for later today and we'll put
tonight I swear I love Raising Cane's
three meals I got three all right here
okay guys I got my canes right here but
look let me tell you what the uber
driver just told me so you know I'm
right back yo the uber pull up to the
front of the hotel and he's kind of like
oh don't tell me you're staying here and
I was like yeah yeah he said I love
jeans and I said what he said man
there's a lot of work girls obviously
worth girls being highly enough to say
but prostitutes he said a lot of work
girls and a lot of drugs over here and I
was like oh are you serious
lo and behold this fucking girl walks
right past doesn't he and you know she's
just walking past us and he's like yeah
see there's one there and and he said
that there's been like drug busts in
this hotel or whatever he said actually
I'm sure there's multiple work girls
actually in the hotel right now I'm like
well thank you for telling me this the
night that I'm spending the night here
alone I appreciate it mr. Hoover driver
and this is why you never booked a hotel
last last second guys all of you out
there plan ahead plan ahead of time do
not book your hotels las tacky and I
swear guys I want to pick my thumbnail
before I start eating just till I get it
out the way but I literally can't pick
when I have so many options there's
three here I have a little bit over here
to pick from and you know what I always
do and I can't
take a thumbnail I send these pictures
to my fans i DM my fans on Twitter and
I'm like hey you want to help me pick a
thumbnail and they go crazy like oh my
god yes yes and I'm like why are you
guys happy I'm happy you guys are
helping me pick up thumbnail so I'm bout
to DM these pictures to some of my fans
and ask them if they want to help me
pick a thumbnail they always say that it
makes their day it helps me out and it
helps them out so that's what a lot of
people don't know about my videos a lot
of the thumbnails are picked by my very
own fans when I really can't decide I
just messaged my fans
ya know thank you so much I appreciate
this cuz the first area that I was
trying to do a lot of them were saying
that they weren't going to be able to
make it they suggested this place and so
thank you it means a lot I was gonna I'm
not even sure what the place was yeah
exactly so as long as they enjoy it
that's fine with me yeah I'll start
heading out in like a couple min like
2:30 okay okay thank you guys oh my god
that was honestly the most stressful
last 30 minutes of my life I probably
made like almost 20 phone calls in the
last half half-hour like guys but I got
it done for you guys I got it done where
a lot of you guys are recommending it
what oh my gosh this was a crazy past
hour but I got it they let me do it so
much begging I don't think I've ever
begged that much in my life to anybody I
felt like a peasant I was like please
please thank you so much god I literally
went through hell and back I literally
like I went through hell and back this
past 30 45 minutes to make this work for
you guys on at first they said no they
said no at first and I was begging I was
like please I love my fanbase I was
telling them I was like please I have a
large amount of my famish located in
Phoenix they would love this and they
kept saying I'm sorry it's too late ever
notice and I'm just like I kept begging
I kept calling and it worked it worked
out for you guys so I'm really really
excited all for you guys I swear some
people don't believe me when I say I try
my best to make my fans happy they say
oh yeah right you're just saying that to
put out a better image of yourselves no
I I really do whatever it takes to make
you guys happy this first location was
literally
right down the street five ten minutes
from me I had permission from the boss
and everything and as soon as you guys
didn't like that location I I went I
went through hell for the past thirty
minutes to make this easier for you guys
cuz I love you guys so whatever works
for you it makes me happy so I'm happy
that it worked out guys I'm on my way
right now to shout out marquise marquise
is coming through these people are gonna
think of my security guard cuz he hasn't
been in log view and look what he's
waiting fo Jersey t-shirt and they're
gonna be like wow you just just security
darling hey guys we're here right now
we're trying to look for the hopefully
their shade that's what Marquis was
saying hopefully there's shade well guys
I'm just I'm not trying to cook in the
Sun okay so the Dave & Buster's is here
she said they're gonna set up like a
little stage I don't know guys this is
my first ever me angry I'm I don't know
what to expect
Oh what did it hold on guys let me find
this place went on look for the oh I'm
guessing it's right the hell this has
people there but you guys know where I
was supposed to go so bro
say what's up to the vlog
thank you thank you
you guys know where I'm supposed to go
okay guys look behind me there's a TV
right here and they just showed the
greatest player of all time not Michael
not that they just showed it so Devon
Booker on the speeded-up trying to get
itself
but he moved too fast so now I'm relying
on all these guys wait hold up let me
just tell them really quick okay next
time devin booker gets on the screen you
have to tell me and then you guys have
to take a picture if it Devin Booker I
don't know oh really oh you always guys
okay hold up first of all she has the
balls we garage I have mine in the
picture but it's all good so she always
tweets at me and Jackie but you never
post a picture of yourself I didn't know
but I recognized it thank you take a
picture okay I need a picture of me and
Devin Booker so when he comes back on
the screen just one you know but if you
guys say I like your hoodie by the way
if you guys whoever takes a clearer
picture of me and Devin Booker tweet it
to me I'll lose it I'm post it but they
haven't moving fast and he does on the
court on the fucking screen like you
can't be doing that
mr. fan oh I know he's so busy so vote
guys hold on really quick whoever had
the extra shirt they put me in the Sun
I'm swinging
they put me on the Sun they did me dirty
cuz I called last second so
hey guys so she said look me and Jackie
know her we've actually talked about you
before we're like oh there's a girl that
always we cook but we never knew what
she looked like because he never picked
a beautiful I don't know what she's
catfish she has no picture but she
showed up she's like oh it's me what how
do you say it so she doesn't post any
picture myself she steals other people's
but she's a big fan so it doesn't matter
I recognized her name right when she
said it and my girlfriend knows it too
so I'm about it's on the snapchat I made
her cry plenty of babe look this is
Merkel the one that always tweets at us
there was oh she's crying cuz I'm snap
telling you right now guys like some
more loyal fans but but I got a point
one out because like she got the hoodie
right here shoutout thank you for that
that's fine that's fine
No thank you that's fine wait let me see
your arm sleeve it looks good not my
handwriting but it looks good oh please
don't turn it to Brandon Knight Jersey
I'm just a my going back to tunnel here
you have to see my face with it no I'm
not going back I swear
like if no like maybe why not because I
was one of the wood sticks what did you
bring because no I'm telling you like
maybe if you hear it in a video okay
whatever but when I heard it in real
life
I'll be bright I said in my language I
like Katie Kim and leave I'm not doing
your Q&A whatever the hell you plan on
because Brian's page so you would've
wanted once I got in all this is like
and they need to hear that I was like no
folks Pro leaves right now
that way guys so we got two huge fans
here and they they surprised me they
brought another huge YouTube with almost
three million subs so now I get to me
scares so now I get to me scares look at
this so thank you guys we could
nation to uh projectors in at the right
way
Oh fine Jared Dudley from his first
stint with us dropped it off and ran
away from trying to exactly be named son
I know some of you guys lost my video
six years some no playoff okay guys
first of all shout out to all these
people coming out here for
I made this meeting me last second so
they were they were on there tries to
come out here surprise me as you are
interested in watching my videos I have
a youtube channel called for a water my
name is Brandon my last name is the one
in soul
you guys watch my videos
every night thank you
so she watches all day what about you
guys yeah yeah for the future no thank
you guys I appreciate that
if this doesn't give me the most loyal
fan base I don't know what we'll just
listen what he escaped to come Mimi it's
not school not like meeting with the
president it's worse like something more
important than that what you skinny I
just get my hair cut time for you know I
almost got a heart attack just hearing
the word like I almost appointment oh my
god that's like that touches my heart
right yeah yeah
some people skip school and everything
that's fine let's keep it here gonna
show me I appreciate that both and their
County in two just like these
shout out my cousin Mary Mary and I'd
like to go shout-out to my mom for
breaking
thank you mom guys like this dude Adrian
just showed up with my hoodie I
appreciate that the merch and he got it
signed and then this dude to have
anything to sign junior camera made me
sign a five dollar bill so he pretty
much paid five dollars for an autograph
that's bad on my part no thank you dude
thank you guys both guys like the dude
Luiz and his brother angel because he
showed his brother my channel first so
shout out to angel Louise what did you
pull out of your pocket you put the oil
wipe out I got mine too so we're gonna
have a contest for who is more oily okay
good
cheater he does before he did the
forehead first that's always the worst
no I did my nose first which is bigger
than my forehead okay times up times up
he's almost raped from how much oil you
be me he be me in the contest
okay guys we're at the end of the end of
the group right now the son's game start
since after these ones after these one
who did you got it's a speedy one shout
out you got a ticket for coming here
that's I apologize no that's like the
third person who got a ticket here just
blame it on me I'm leaving tomorrow
you see when I'm hard on you in the
garages for the better okay guys this
was my boss the garage turret honestly
balls we've been sold that to me ever
since I bought him and I'm just not
gonna keep this I can't look at his face
anymore so I'm gonna give it away but
there's a problem I have one shirt and
more than one prints in here so we're
trying to find a fair way to do it I'm
gonna pick a number one through a
hundred and whoever is close this is
gonna get the shirt okay wait hold take
oh wait let me let me tell the numbers
okay guys so I'm about to pick a number
really quick but it's hey you know what
I'm gonna pick number 11 because Devin
Booker is number one and I wish the sons
had to Devin Booker is on the team so
I'm gonna go with number 11 really quick
okay okay imma go in order just tell me
your number so
seven thirteen twelve eleven 5624 twelve
one no you guys can't pick the same
number in the nail just get down 1:48
1763 forty nine ninety one two one one
one zero
now what one 300 not 220 shout out to
him does I know why he pick number zero
he's a big fan creeping up behind me
attack okay well my number was eleven so
let me tell you why so Devin Booker is
number one the only thing better than
one Devin Booker I wish there was -
Devin Booker is on the son I know
they're like three twelves he wrote he
ruined the 12th chances so if you want
to take it to the corner after the game
okay I don't know I wish I had some of
the O's hold up come on give a shout-out
your brother grams is Thank You Rambis
for watching guys I wanna give a shout
out to these last people they said
waited all the way to the end
thank you
Thank You Jojo thank you guys for coming
I'll be back in a couple months I'll see
all you guys I'll remember you guys did
you guys see that did you guys see that
guys I just hold on my mouth start
crying I swear I literally have you know
I don't care I'm gonna keep talking that
I can't take the smile off my face and
that meet up happened two days ago
just while editing this video that made
me so happy like do you know how many
people showed up do you know how many
people showed up not all at once
obviously but throughout the two hours
that I hosted that meet up we had over
300 people around 300 people show up in
two hours for me for me I just out and
I'm pretty sure there would have been
more people but I did it all last
seconds so I barely had time to even
tweet out the address or where the
meetup was going to be that was amazing
to everybody who showed up thank you
guys so much like like me oh my gosh
guys I don't know why do you guys even
like me what do i do that's so special
I'll never understand but at the same
time I'll never complain that was truly
amazing the sun's game was already great
enough and all the love that the Phoenix
Suns organization showed me was really
really spectacular and I love that but
what I got from you fans that day during
the meetup that just made the whole trip
that thank you guys so much to everybody
who showed up you didn't have to take
time out of your day to show up you
didn't have to pay gas money to drive
all the way there for all the people who
got speeding tickets everyone who skips
to school everyone who skip the American
appointment to come see me I appreciate
that I swear from the bottom of my heart
because nobody forced you to go and you
guys chose to show up that was crazy I'm
so I still haven't stopped smiling
almost 300 people that's insane like
like for me like guys you don't you will
never understand I wish you guys knew
who I was or saw me just a couple years
ago well guys thank you so much you
realize everybody would tell me to host
a meet-up people would tell me oh
co-host a meet-up their host a meet-up
over here you know I would make an
excuse and I'll tell myself I don't want
to host a meet-up I don't
anybody would show up I really believe
that I didn't think anybody would show
up to my Meetup and so finally I just
have the guts to host one almost 300
people guys thank you so so much Phoenix
I'll never I can't say with words how
much love you guys showed me and I can't
say with words how much I appreciate
that not just everybody who showed up to
that meetup everybody who was in Phoenix
in general showed me so much love and
I'm definitely going back I will be back
I'll be back in a couple months I just
you guys you know how to treat I guess I
was you guys guess and you guys treated
me so well just guys thank you so much
I'm gonna stop right here thank you guys
so much for watching this video and I
look forward to doing some more meet and
greets here and there thank you thank
you thank you from the bottom of my
heart I appreciate every single second
of that so thank you so much guys hold
on I forgot to say one thing I literally
as soon as the Meetup finished as soon
as the meetup finished I called my mom I
called my dad I called Brian I called
Jackie like all separate phone calls I
was like oh my gosh guys you'll never
get and I told them like all about it
and it was crazy they were all super
happy for me then proud of me my mom
even put Bobby on the phone I don't
think he cared for me but it was just
the best time of my life and it showed
it showed me so much
