are you gonna miss me should I stay
yeah but Eric Bledsoe Devin Booker yeah
yeah I'm serious no guys this is my last
night with the one and only beautiful
Jackie Smith come here give me a kiss
for days without my love guys can you
imagine not waking up and seeing the
love of your life like look at her smile
when I say that the love of my life
shot on the smile as unfortunate as it
is that she can't come with me to
Phoenix I do look forward to meeting all
of you guys whether I do a me angry
whether I run into you guys I can't
record her crying because she gets upset
but I'm gonna miss her honestly she
thinks she's gonna miss me more but
that's false I'm gonna miss her more I
told you I'm gonna miss her way more oh
hey do you want a back massage yes okay
look at you like Miss Elizabeth I mean
we're still okay yes just think about
the fact that we can't do the naughty
for that long for days like that's so
long for days like nothing this is gonna
be put to use I'm just joking
that's all about police feelings right I
just got off the shower it one crew
decided to surprise me I didn't even
know she was coming she just said hey
babe oh my god on - look who decided to
see me before I have to go
okay so I'm finishing up packing I'm
about to leave and just look shout out
to James Martinez once again he sent me
these in fan mail
look out fresh I've never wore them yet
there's gonna be my first time there
never before warm brand new look at this
they're so sick look at the bottom
summer bring those i'ma wear those to
the game for my first time again shout
out JMX Martinez for sending me these
shoes Gilbert how far along are we on
the drive two hours we have about three
hours left so this is Jackie's
replacement for the week Wednesday
Thursday Friday this is Jackie's
replacement way we came and see his name
is Gilbert
his name is Gilbert he's my first cousin
I love him he saved me from going on
this trip alone I asked so many people
he would like my last option
so we stopped by across university I
think honestly I'd rather and I only had
one bed because I was prepared to sleep
with Jackie obviously so we only got a
one bed hotel so we're gonna have to
sleep together but we'll make it work
we'll make it work he said as long as I
cuddled him and that's fine because you
get scared at night but guys
Gilbert just pointed out this whole
entire Drive is nothing but desert ender
I understand we're going to Arizona so
we should have expected differently but
at least something like at least some
scenery or some view is either mountains
or desert
that's crazy we're right now we're an
hour and 20 minutes away I actually just
got a text look guys so I got a random
text from a random number and here I
don't know if you can see if you can't
all read it for you so the text goes hi
Brandon this is Lauren from the Suns I
run the social account and I wanted to
reach out before the game today what
time were you planning on coming tonight
we're excited to have you here and at
that point I looked at goodbye like
Gilbert she just like I don't know I was
really excited obviously and I was super
ecstatic so I said I'm excited to be
there tonight thank you for reaching out
to me I'll be in Phoenix in a few hours
so I can arrive at the arena anytime you
guys
as the doors open I'm waiting for a text
day I'm not sure what exactly she wants
from here what exactly the Phoenix Suns
want to do today but I had no plans with
that like I had no idea I thought I was
just gonna go watch the game and and
that's it but they might have other
plans I'm super excited now that just
like I was already excited to watch the
game but now if they have plans for me I
don't know I don't want to get my hopes
up just in case it might be something
small but you guys know me I honestly
appreciate anything from the Sun so
we'll see how I'll keep you guys updated
with that from the second she texts back
to what the actual what the whole thing
is going to be I'm really excited and
all the you guys up to date with me guys
you know we're officially in Arizona
when you see all these cactus look
Gilbert what did you say the state law
is what we get caught cutting down a
cactus you can be arrested you get you
could be arrested for cutting down a
cactus that's crazy but yeah guys you
could tell we're getting a bit Arizona
because even in the car it's getting so
hot I can only imagine does it say
immediately 94 degrees I looked at the
weather before we left and it gets to
the hi about 100 degrees in Arizona so I
figured I'm coming here late October
almost Halloween time maybe I figured it
would be like 80 75 a cool
cool weather instead no we're coming
here with high nineties and maybe even
up to 100 degrees so goodbye hope you
brought short sleeve shirts and shorts
because guys speedos in a danger yeah
that's well that's what I meant
guys honestly I'm so excited to play
basketball because I made sure that our
hotel was here in LA Fitness so I might
hit up a bunch of people a bunch of
maybe even you guys a bunch of
subscribers a bunch of fans you guys can
show me around and play basketball with
you guys we'll see I'm really excited to
play bass well I brought my ball good
what did you want all my ball
no I threw my ball in the trunk I
brought my basketball shoes with my
shorts I just want to play honestly I
can't go three four or five days in a
row without playing that's too much oh
no guys
so Gilbert's a fuel level just turned on
his gas light so we can stop I put gas
and we're literally in the middle of
nowhere so if it wasn't for this exit
coming up the next nearest exit is 12
miles away so we would have been screwed
but there's no gasping and
thanks gas station is 12 and a half
miles we're really yeah
okay guys so this one exit we're in the
middle of nowhere and the next gas
station is 12 miles away so look it's
got foam this gas line is on I don't
know if you can see this on the top so
here's a list we can have our choice
between 12 to 14 miles away oh my god no
guys so we're pretty much screwed I'm
gonna keep you updated I'm gonna keep
you updated with what goes on
hopefully the car doesn't break down
because I'm really interested in what
this boring girl had to offer the
working with the sun's so hopefully
we'll make it if not then looking at
maybe I could hit up your glutes and
push the car to the arena because he's
pretty actually Gilbert told me sir
Gilbert told me could be me I'm gonna
find so we're gonna have to push the car
make it push it okay guys so we reached
the exit somehow without running out of
gas and Gilbert passed it so we are now
reversing into the exit Oh oh my god
Gilbert but how are you gonna go all the
way back guys look I love Gilbert and
he's my first cousin so I know him very
well obviously but not even I knew he
was this crazy Gilbert what on earth my
god
okay just makes your car doesn't come
from behind you and we're going between
rails where even is the gas station
kill bridges drove almost one mile in
Reverse we needed it though Gilbert
you're gonna have to become a behind the
wheel driving teacher oh yeah you could
teach some good lessons like I didn't
know how to do this and that's important
driver's ed because think about it
guys this is if this was nighttime this
is exactly where people get killed look
at this she's gonna say that that's this
is lit oh my gosh there's trailers over
here that things are broken down there
ain't was one pump look for pillars and
one pump two girls won't cook Cobra how
do you watch that yeah it's okay we can
watch out the hotel rooms they don't
have service on the TV and we reenact
yeah okay guys we are exiting the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre scene right now so we
made it out safe sixteen dollars and 26
cents later we made it safe we didn't
even fill it up all the way just so we
can get out of it exactly we just needed
to leave as soon as they got I don't
know maybe even half a think we just
 left cuz I threw these shoes on
winnings to the game honestly they fit a
little big on me so I look like a clown
a little bit of clown shoes but they
just look too sick for me not to wear
them so I threw those on and we're on
our way to the arena we're going a
little early to meet up with a lot of
fans because a lot of people were
tweeting me that they bought tickets to
this game just to meet me which is
amazing first a lot I didn't want people
to actually spend money just to meet me
that's all I was trying to do a free
meet-and-greet but people I guess did it
so imma go early so that they could at
least meet me before the game so Lauren
the Sun social media representative
actually texted me back and she said
that they wanna host an interview with
me around 6 p.m. and she asked me if I
was ok I said yes of course that's more
than okay so she said they'll find me I
gave her which section I was sitting at
and she said I 6 p.m. her and her
we'll find me and they'll interview me
for sons TV I'm not going to lie I'm a
little nervous but I did this one time
before so there's gonna be my second
time it's just nerve-racking because
they don't tell you which questions they
ask you they just come up to you with a
question so it's on the spot but anyways
you know me I'm super excited for that
anything Phoenix sounds I'm for it
especially when it's for sons TV so
we're about to head over to the arena
right now and the game starts in about
two hours so we're gonna be there early
okay guys so it says that we're right
around the corner
oh it's right here look Talking Stick
resort Wow
what I see on TV every single game that
I watch every game I see this on TV here
it is in person like we roll the window
down for you guys Talking Stick resort
oh I see Todd oh I see dragon bender on
a poster right there bender I see PJ
Tucker
oh look Chase Field is right there so
that's where the Diamondbacks play
that's their baseball team Cardinals
arena should be somewhere here Cardinal
Stadium I'm so excited I came to 0 Suns
games last year none I didn't have time
or the schedule to come out to Phoenix
night in one time so the fact that I'm
here right now I'm super excited to
watch this game we're about to park
right now I just hope we get the victory
if we lose on me so please I swear guys
we have to say what's up we have fans
waiting right there Matt
Matt God Matt Barnes just walked into
thank you for waiting on by the park it
may show up really quick okay so I see
two fans waiting for me at the door then
I see Matt Barnes casually walking into
the arena you would figure they have
some screwed up I guess the Phoenix Suns
treat their opponents like opponents
they don't even give them Israeli
walking down the street but shout out to
those two fans they're already here
literally three hours before the game
waiting for me to show up so we're about
to go meet them after we park guys we
just walked into the arena
Gilbert how many fans and we me already
20/20 and like that was Ben block yeah
you can say what's up hey what's up go
ahead while it's gone bro shout out to
him Melba Rua said after lunchtime
basketball are you guys to fan right
here oh yeah he's quizzing me thank you
guys see guys we met so many and I just
walked in that was only outside the
arena so it was pretty crazy well I've
never been through anything like that
usually when I go to the mall on me like
five or six people and that's already
like like overwhelming for me and now we
met like at least 20 people right
outside it's crazy we just got through
the door right now and we're in the
you know
hi
look who made the trip down here Jenna's
here for the game and winners right here
all right so I just finished my
interview with Lawrence
Shawn got my remember name you gave me
the first time and they surprised me
with game a game warned Devin Booker
jerseys he wonders in summer league so
thank you guys and you can put the hat
on me I'll let her put it all in a
cowboy hat looking son so thank you guys
so much
shout out shout out to Phoenix on social
media mode ever gonna do
say that it feels right
including muscle let's sit right look at
all these fans for the video
okay want to
guys shout out some more fans right here
okay on the vlog
please direct your attention to the
corner and welcomes us for Terry
chuckling how's everyone doing
guys I leave my seats to come by Phoenix
on judges from the teen shop the Suns
are up by 4 I look at the screen a
couple minutes later we're down by 10
I told Gilbert let's I'm leaving after
this I'm not going back to my seats
we're up by 4 when I come to buy the
jerseys now we're down by 10 guys I just
bought a Devin Booker and marquise
Christian yeah I bought two jerseys
Devin Booker and black marquise Chris
and white nickel you guys know the Suns
are down by 16 42 24 Gilbert it was 18
to 14 the Sun grew up so that's how
twenty six to six run Sacramento what's
up guys last year we got killed in our
home opener against Dallas we got killed
last year against Dallas in our home
opener this better not be the same thing
oh my god we're down by 18 points
he's so gone guys so with Dean's floor
seats courtside tickets we get free food
and free drinks throughout the whole
game look this is the section
we could literally come back here
anytime we're wondering the game there's
free food free drinks it comes with the
tickets I didn't even know I bought us
pizza before the game started and then
we walked down with a pizza and the
lady's like hey you know you get free
food like pretty much a buffet down
there and I'm like damn okay guys so the
sun's are down almost 20 a half time and
every fan that I take a picture with
right now I feel so bad my smile is so
fake because I'm so upset that the Suns
are losing so every smile I do is like
this now
we suck so far we suck today hopefully
this isn't a preview of how the whole
seasons going to go I'm trying not to
flip out because it's only been two
quarters but we'll see hopefully we can
come back ball into 30 fell not shooting
well
my god somebody take the whistle from
man you suck
raph you so Nene to the free-throw line
shoot
Oh
young deep breaths these rats are trash
they better be fired after it's game I
swear to God they saw
that's into the sunshine of the Lacey
number 12 TJ Warren
dragon vendor in Jeju I'm crying begging
for the sons to take Alex leant out of
the game we I'm begging take Alice let
out take Alex leant out of the game Oh
trash I forgot I'm shooting a ball I'm
forgot I'm shooting a free throw the
core after the game I need to warm up
Gilbert just reminded me like you better
not miss your free-throw I was like oh
 my god these refs sub-game out here
way I'm shooting a free throw on the
court after the game I'm so nervous
I had forgotten the whole time guys look
at this right now look after the game
I don't know why they're so happy the
Sun just got smashed
guys this popcorn listen there were
popcorn right next to each other one of
those packs was like $4 other one was
like $3 this wherever the boxes was
$1.00 so Gilbert's like oh wow $1 you
come to the same amount of bags as the
other ones
let's get that look it tastes it tastes
like packing peanuts or start from
there's like shape so this blue and the
first thing we burnt forgot some all the
baggies so just popped and popped and
popping over burn we're having popcorn
for breakfast I mean for a dinner it's a
gourmet dinner and we're rewatching the
game Lakers and Rockets Lakers one yeah
bedtime snack and a half while I edit so
much snacks here what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka valadis
and cuz I'm extremely upset right now
you won't believe what I had to go
through so last night after an amazing
night after a crazy hectic I want to say
one of the best nights of my life but
maybe it was the best night of my life
if only the Phoenix Suns ended up
winning but that's not my point one of
the best nights of my life
you know went to the Phoenix Suns game I
got so much love from you guys as fans
and I got so much love from the Phoenix
Suns team that interview the I got given
a game-worn Jersey by Devin Booker just
an amazing night and I met almost 300
fans just think about that security has
to be pushing fans back because there
were so many fans for me for me Brandon
oh what is this dude whoo right here was
that nobody in high school now has like
these people wanting to just take a
picture with him and sign something I
was talking to security all like no it's
okay let them come he wasn't you guys
come so I went up and I met all of you
guys I love you guys anyways I digress
so after that I came back to the hotel
we didn't get back to the hotel till
like midnight and what would a normal
person on vacation do come back from a
game you know long day
long trip traveling they come back and
go to sleep right vacation in a hotel
room what do I do I come back at
midnight and I start editing I get to
editing my video okay I start editing my
flaw
and you won't believe this this vlog
ended up being 46 minutes long that's
right
46 minutes walk I feel bad for my cousin
Gilbert he was gonna kill me you
know why I was up to almost 7:00 in the
morning 7 a.m. editing the video I
started around midnight or 1:00 and I
finished around 7 a.m. okay almost 7
hours to edit this 46 minute video I
don't know why I did it on vacation I
didn't plan to do it just ended up like
that and like I just woke up it's like
10 o'clock and I only slept for like 2
or 3 hours I don't even know why I'm
awake but look at the saddest news like
I said I'm upset I'm pissed off let me
tell you why so I go to upload this
forty six minute video right this hotel
Wi-Fi stinks you won't believe the
upload time video and honestly I think
it's more than that because it keeps
like it's messed up so this video I
stayed up all night to finish I finished
it by 7:00 in the morning but I didn't
upload it until right now like 10
o'clock and it's it's not going to be
able to go up until they're really
really late so I'm really upset with the
I stayed up all night worked really hard
on this video didn't go to sleep you
know so I'm extremely upset and I'm
apologetic look guys before I end this
video I just want to give the biggest
shout out of my life to seat geek s dat
GE e KC geek they sent me over to
Phoenix for this game and if it wasn't
for them I would have never been course
on meaning I would've never had that
interview with the sons you guys all
know how much that means to me I would
have never been given that game-worn
devin booker jersey which i am upset
because Phoenix and I'm upset I'm mad at
you because they washed it I wanted it
to still have a sweat smell like a sweat
so Sons I'm mad at you guys you gave me
after you guys washed out like that
nah man if it wasn't for SI geek and
because if it wasn't for SI geek sent me
to that game I wouldn't have ever met
any of those fans see geek pretty much
sent me over to have the best day of my
life it's from from what the sons did
for me putting me all over their
snapchat Twitter
just just making me feel so loved over
there Phoenix to all the fans who made
me feel so comfortable like I lived
there like I was from there I love you
guys for that but it would have been
possible without CG they sent me over
there and I just want to give a huge
shout out and if you guys are interested
in going to any sporting event concert
anything like that you guys should do
see geek it is the cheapest easiest
fastest way to buy tickets I'm gonna
have a link in the description below and
actually if you use my promo code as if
it wasn't already cheap you get $20 back
off your first purchase
so NBA season just started oh and by the
way I'm gonna be going to that Lakers
and son game November 6 so if you guys
want to go there Sunday you see you can
go see me there NBA season just started
so if you have any interest in going to
any NBA games just go check out cg they
got the cheapest tickets football season
is still going on you could buy your
things to a football game from that
concerts you could use it for concerts
and like I said as if the app being
cheap enough wasn't enough motivation
for you like to use it you get $20 back
if you use my promo code ba so all that
is in the description below and thank
you CG for sending me over to Phoenix
and thank you to all you fans who showed
up I met some fans who literally bought
ticket to the game and they weren't even
son's fans they just bought tickets to
the game just to see me and that touches
my heart to know that people spend their
hard-earned money that they work for to
come see me and mean so much and once
again one last shout out to the Phoenix
Suns organization in the Phoenix on
social media representative they make me
he made me feel like one of them they
made me feel like a player they made
sure I made sure I was comfortable they
made sure everything was okay they were
checking on me during the game from the
surprise gifts that they gave me they
made me feel so loved it's it's a dream
come true all I ever wanted in my life
was just just like the Phoenix Suns are
my life
okay the Phoenix Suns on my life so this
is now I'm living the dream so thank you
Phoenix Suns you guys you've made a 21
year old boy's dream come true and I'm
looking forward to so many more
opportunities with you guys it was the
best in my life like I said anyways I'm
about to watch the Phoenix Suns first of
all and say warriors I'm gonna try to
hold in my tears for this game no I hope
we could win I hope I'm not expecting a
win but I hope we could once again
thank you guys so much for watching and
I want to give a huge birthday shout out
to my boy Devin Booker
I actually messaged him last night and
he promised me one thing
you know what he said he saw promise you
one thing we're going to turn this
around I promise you that so he's
talking about the Phoenix of seeing the
Phoenix on season so but I'm taking your
word for it he promised me that they're
going to turn the season around
happy birthday Devin Booker is no longer
a teenager he's 20 years old which is
still extremely young but he's moved on
age 20 book happy birthday and and
shout-out I appreciate him and Bledsoe
for taking the time out of their day to
text me from time to time and watching
high videos you'd be surprised sometimes
they send me that themselves watching my
videos and I'm just like okay just just
guys thank you so much for watching this
video that was I'm so happy look at my
smile the smiles probably gonna turn
into a crying frown after the son's play
the Warriors that day in Phoenix was the
greatest day of my life
