okay guys so Brandon here aka Wallace
obviously and I'm here with my Jackie
hold on you forgot my beautiful Jackie
and guys wait first of all you know what
someone comment to the other day of my
video he's like I hate how Brandon
always brags about jacking you always
talks about it like she's so pretty
hold on let me correct you young buck
because I'm pretty sure you don't have a
girlfriend
and you've never had a girlfriend and
you will never have a girlfriend with
that mentality hold on I'm sorry next
time instead of talking about how pretty
my girlfriend is I'll be sure to say
baby I love you even though you're not
that pretty and like I don't really like
dislike mark on your face alright and I
don't like your hair but you're still my
girlfriend is that how you're supposed
to talk to a girl or you so say babe oh
my gosh you're so beautiful so now that
we got that out the way oh yeah treat
your ladies right I can do Shh
so and that's the cool thing to do
nowadays being a douche well I keep keep
doing that and let me know how that goes
for all you guys out there be single
forever times me okay guys so now wait
am i drinking your thing okay guys so I
have we have some bad news I don't know
if it's bad news for you guys but it's
definitely bad news for us so in case
you didn't know I'm leaving to Phoenix
Arizona Wednesday October 26 well
actually by the time this video is up
I'm going to be in Phoenix Arizona every
single trip I've taken over the past
year every single place I've been
whether that's right here at home in my
own bed right here at home downstairs at
the gym in Los Angeles at Disneyland in
Vegas no matter where I've been it's
been with this girl right here with my
girlfriend ya know like up with my
girlfriend Jackie and so you know I'm
going to Phoenix home opener I got two
tickets and a hotel room for two people
obviously and we were obviously planning
to go together we were making plans and
you know we were telling everybody that
was gonna be at the meetup in Phoenix
you know me and Jackie well she's an
adult just like me and she has a job
sadly the day I was going to Phoenix was
Wednesday Thursday and Friday which is
three work days we tried and tried and
tried and tried and she
just could not get those days off we
tried I'm telling you her boss said no
the first time and she even waited a
couple days and asks again and they just
they wouldn't give her the days off I
just switch around I try to as people
yeah just a nothing didn't work out so
for the first time for the first time
I'm going to be going on a trip without
Jackie but that is not only any ideas
Lee but that is that is not the most
important thing the most important thing
is like okay oh whatever you're going on
a trip without her who cares the most
important thing is in case you guys
didn't notice if you're not a daily
watch or Broadus if you don't watch my
daily vlogs in case you don't notice
daily she is in all my video she's a
part of my daily life I wake up and the
first thing I think is where's Jackie
you know when is she coming over I text
her right away babe you can come over
now from the second I wake up till the
second I go to sleep she's at my side
she literally waits for me to fall
asleep and then drives home like I'm
with her from the second I wake up I go
to sleep every single day every day the
last day we went without seeing each
other was in December of 2015 now it is
late October it's been 10 months every
single day okay and now another fun fact
I guess you could say cuz me and Jackie
keep track of this in the end though
over one year we've been hanging out for
over a whole year we've been dating for
this long we've gone a total of four
days without seeing each other for days
and over a year that we haven't seen
each other now I'm going to be gone
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday so in
over a year over one year I only have
gone four days without seeing this girl
total now I'm gonna go four days
straight
it's just gonna be so weird like it's
gonna be so weird waking up and not
seeing this face so you know people
could say oh bro it's only four days who
cares but to us this four days my best
friend see you guys like we don't even
count like I'm not like when we talk to
each other we're not like oh wow you're
my boyfriend we're best friends just as
much as we are boyfriend and girlfriend
so forth I don't know it's just gonna be
really really weird and it's gonna be
something that we've never experienced
because like I said ever since we
started hanging out it was like an
everyday thing I'm kid you not
first day we ever hung out was like oh
well you wanna hang out tomorrow again
and then after that was okay well did
you wanna hang out the next day so so it
was literally a daily thing from the
start so for us to go right now she was
literally crying like oh my god I'm not
saying Mass I'm not saying in a bad way
but it's just gonna be really weird so
some people could be like bro just four
days who cares but to us those four days
it's gonna feel like a whole year like
so yeah guys so ah yeah too many parents
her and my mom already have a lot of
plans to hang out while I'm gone she's
gonna be with my family and spirit like
I'm gonna watch the game tomorrow so you
could I could see him on TV but okay
anyways guys I thought she would get the
days off but it was just the third ball
tonight
boss Barry the Krusty Krab no he's for
you um mr. Krabs I know so okay so yeah
guys we're gonna go for days without
seeing each other for the first time in
I won't ever eyes in any vlogs I won't
see you in anything never ever ever gone
the most that we've ever
we haven't even ever gone two days in a
row without each other and that's from
the first day we ever not just the first
thing we ever dated the first day we
ever hung out and met it was just like a
daily thing was like love at first sight
you might call it cheesy you might say
it's corny but that's the truth but for
all you people wondering yes I'm still
going to be going to Phoenix obviously
I'm actually trying to plan a spot for a
meet-up right now a lot of people were
recommending Westgate which is in
Glendale I have only been to Phoenix
three days total in my life I went a
couple years ago for a two-day trip for
the son's game and then I went a couple
years ago just for one day for this what
just kind of look at you know mean wow
okay and then I went for one day for the
son's game a couple years back so I've
only been there total three days in my
whole life I know nothing about Arizona
I know nothing about Phoenix so but I've
been talking to a couple friends who
live there and they've been time you
know if you want to do a meet-up do it
out Westgate but I don't know for sure
because I obviously need to talk to
security or something so I don't get
kicked out in case it's too big of a
crowd but I will keep you guys updated
obviously there's the last video and Tom
in Phoenix so by the time you guys
watching some
are going to be in Phoenix so if you
want details for a meet-up or anything
like that you're going to have to follow
my Twitter or snapchat or my Instagram
because that's where the details will be
posted I have all those in the
description below my Twitter Instagram
and snapchat whenever I decide where and
when I'm going to do the Meetup it I'll
post it right away whether on Twitter
Instagram or snapchat like I said it
might be at the Arizona State Fair I
don't know if they allow that it might
be at Westgate Mall I don't know it
might be at a parking lot I have no idea
so just keep updating and if you're if
you live in Phoenix or anywhere near I
look forward to meeting you guys I love
Phoenix I love the Phoenix Suns and I've
only been there for three days in my
whole life so I can't wait to go there
what I want to try to do is play
basketball with a lot of my subscribers
so I feel like that'll be a really
really really cool thing to do so if
you're anywhere in Phoenix I can't wait
to meet you just keep updated on my
Twitter or Instagram maybe even snapchat
and yeah I'll be going I'll be at the
game courtside so if you guys see me do
not be shy say what's up I see a lot of
people that get really shine you know
they hide and secretly take pictures of
me no just come up to me I love meeting
you guys I love meeting my fans my
supporting my subscribers like I said if
I can find a local gym with enough space
I want to play a huge basketball game
with a lot of subscribers we'll see if I
can make that happen anything about that
just keep updated on my social medias
links are in the description below and
don't be shy come take pictures come say
what's up I love to me all you guys
anyways by the time you guys watch this
I'm going to be in Phoenix Arizona
without anything without munchkin who as
much can hear you mean your munchkin no
okay guys so wait guys look what I got
him she don't need to make sure that
he'll never stop talking to me to charge
her so he got charged all all time when
the fire gets down here no no I'm just
kidding I got she got me orange and
purple colors for the Sun one for his
car one for his room but anyways guys
yes this is super sad and I'm telling
you a lot of you couples out there or a
lot of you friends right here yeah
they're gonna be like who cares it's
only four days but to us for the
millionth time I repeat myself a lot but
for the millionth time we've never even
gone two days without seeing each other
in one whole year plus over a year
combined we've only gone four days
without seeing each other combined so
for it to be four days in a row and we
tried we tried we tried the prices for
everything even went so high because I
just kept waiting so that she could get
the days off we had so much hope and one
quick advice so don't ever take this as
like not every couple can do this so if
you guys don't get don't don't take it
as like oh yeah I need to see my man
everyday I know a lot of couples who see
their girlfriend or boyfriend maybe like
once a week and their relationship is
just as good as ours not everybody sees
each other every day but for us we just
and don't think of it that way because
it's every relationship is different no
matter what you said we're best friends
so we can hang out literally all day and
see each other all day every single day
and just now get bored or tired or and
we both have big noses
like huge noses so we just like match
perfectly anyways I'm ending this
segment and I wish I could meet you guys
I'm so sorry I can't I really tried yes
so in case you see me there you better
say what's up
I just love meeting you guys so much you
guys are the reason I make these videos
you guys are the reason I'm so happy
every single day so when I meet you I
want to meet you and say hey thank you
for my happiness thank you for your
support because you're the reason I
smile every morning and go to sleep
happy every single night
so I love meeting you guys so do not be
shy to me I hate when people are too
shot I love you guys and hopefully this
trip goes well without my baby but we'll
see ya guys
I mean I love her when you love someone
it's been you're getting makeup on my
ovo shirt no no see and now I'm happy
I'm leaving for four days oh I'm not
joking I'm not are you gonna miss me
should I stay yeah no don't go but Eric
Bledsoe Devin Booker
yeah I'm serious guys I actually told my
toe in Devon booking that I was going
down they said we could link up but
they're leaving to Oklahoma City right
after their game and I'm getting there
right before the game starts so we can't
really make a video or meet up anywhere
else except for at the arena so tune
into snapchat oh okay
why do you have to go cuz if I need to
go watch my babies I am you're my third
girl she's my third girlfriend freshman
first is Devin Booker second their Glen
till your third I could have put you
like I'm gonna put you like tenth behind
a bunch other sister think about this
you're ahead of PJ Tucker Alex - okay
fine guys how rude is this I'm just
joking she's not hungry I was gonna say
I came to eat before she left me I
wanted to go on a day eat together but
she says we always gone to my bed
doesn't count as a date okay fine we
never gone so I'm eating solo by myself
eat it with the onions guys like for
some reason I like green onions I don't
know why and Jackie never kisses me
after I eat green onions now that's rude
this salad look try it
it's very bitter I think it's Kalei
isn't kale
my girlfriend said it's grass from the
back like I chill grass no I think it's
just you said you like this one yeah
guys it it might be kale I think
guys don't ever go out to eat with us
trust me you'll think me and you'll
thank the both of us like you guys you
never want to take a vacation with us
you never want to go out to eat with us
if you get a chance if someone comes up
to you and says hey do you want to go on
vacation shut up
I hated Italy singing I hate this song
she's talking to over my voice I'm
trying to vlog but yeah guys you never
want to vacation with us you never want
gone to you that's we're just annoying
like well she is don't know about me say
what you tell me when I do something I'm
Nadia what it means but what do you say
okay bad ones I think that means either
fuck you or or no shut the hell up
god I don't know why damn vlog this but
I just mini pranked Jackie but the bag
of green onions
I took my fork I second the green onions
like this so I had green onions on the
floor and then I said babe here let me
give you a bite of salad and I hid the
green onions in the south and I cut her
and she did but I fell I got really got
sued she felt like this and then she
couldn't get up because I'm her Winnie
the Pooh belly got stuck to the table
but I pranked her an idea recorded tells
someone delete my someone terminate my
youtube channel I'm such a bad youtuber
that's not a prank
yes it is you ate the green onions
hidden in the salad it's called green
onion and salad prank Jackie wants to
sing a song for you guys from her idol
Winnie the Pooh that's actually Jackie's
role model an idol like she looks up to
him like a god okay sing the song sing
the song I'm short and fat and proud of
that
can you think this in front of the Mary
myself
she loved Winnie the Pooh she said her
in him have the same belly like she
worships when you God I'm gonna go play
play basketball and I have a game
tonight
all tonight but I want to go to the
midget I'm also but yeah guys time to go
play some pickup ball at the gym and
then come back home and edit my video
guys like I just don't know what it is I
cannot turn down the opportunity to play
basketball every time instead of being
normal and answering hey man no I got a
really busy day I need to pack I need to
edit and I have a game later tonight so
I can't play I reply with hell yeah what
time I'm coming through right now guys
shout out to my mom she just cooked us
away hide the pick-up sticks label I'm
just joking guys my mom brought us food
not cooked look just look how much food
shout out to my mom she's preparing for
me to leave mom how happy are you that
I'm leaving I know guys you know Jackie
and my mom already planned a day to hang
out when I'm gone by themselves I don't
trust Jack with my mom my mom's a very
bad influence and pushes her she pushes
her to do drugs at to talk to other guys
so mangy thing they'll show my mom you
went to a male strip club with Jackie
I'm just joking I'll have my dad check
them guys watch Jackie's game while I'm
gone Jackie's gonna come over and hang
out with my mom mom Brian can't keep
your secret Brian told us that you told
him Jackie's your best friend my mom
admitted Jackie's our best friend but
the guys this is my last supper my last
month it is it's my last meal before I
leave them leaving them to Phoenix no my
camera Stan Jeff man
you gonna do there that we haven't
questioned that oh no I read yeah I said
well fucking trimester I have no rules
and I say I'm Gilbert
I'm gonna read no Bosley I'm gonna miss
you bruh
so ya guys oh wait check this i still
haven't started packing hold on mom I
still haven't booked my hotel room
okay that's another thing I don't know
guys I just don't know I'm gonna be
leaving my girlfriend for the first time
and I still had a basketball game to
play tonight so I'm more excited for
that than I am to pack and book a hotel
room but I'm super excited to go watch
the son's game tomorrow courtside front
row Bosley come with or no guys prove
Jackie's cheating on me when I leave to
Phoenix look look what look what her
fortune said hold on you will bring
sunshine into someone's life yeah you
know listen - you have already brought
sunshine into my life I have your
sunshine that is saying it for the
present you will bring sunshine when
your boyfriend's gone if that isn't
proof I don't know what is because a
fortune never lies let's see what mine
is
please let it say Phoenix Suns will beat
the Sacramento Kings tomorrow use your
abilities at this time to stay focused
on your goal you will succeed c9 is a
normal one heard is you will cheat on
Brandon oddish let me have mine yeah mom
let's see yours which one do you want
first our second what is it you get
married tomorrow what is it you you will
you will receive some prestigious prize
or award within how long within the
month and the month ends in a couple of
days so yeah she needs money
maybe from you you'll receive some
prestigious prize or award within the
month I'll bring home a victory tonight
at my game if that's an award for you
okay okay let's see my girlfriend's
fortune part two
okay let's see your fortune part oh my
god okay I'm done I'm done
we're done we're done I'm serious I'm
breaking up with you I swear to god I'm
breaking up with you I'm serious no no
we're done I swear it guys
I am now open applications to a new
girlfriend so let me know look what this
says
a romantic mystery will soon add
interest to your life
that's what urges a romantic mystery was
I not good enough for you you know
I'm done I'm done I'm done I'm serious
all the time I spell you come up with
your fortunes of all the sweat in my
room no no that's a hardest part of in
this relationship
it is killing my wrist rate so bad in my
watch and a because you only use me for
sexual favors mom oh all the times my
wrist hurts and my butt cramping my
sweat and all that for nothing because
ha my mom had a crush on dr. Phil my dad
trying to block this block the view so
she doesn't look at him yeah but is it
his belly or his hair that's a lot of
feelings the card sender is Brandon a
lot is same as my name also the point of
educating on the board it's the same
number yes okay and also learn Justin
here did you have a handy that could use
it to the filtering point have something
that they don't define information on
working uh writing is a number
so again and you're oh yeah
oh yeah the funless in Texas our
quantity us our resistance between are
some gentlemen Ameen mean one excess
that well initial changes meet after
judges are subject without me equals 100
percent of the bill amount simply
reservation so with your permission I'll
be looking at our Brandon Garrett III
nice little person
oh yeah you have my permission and don't
eat you ready it takes all the numbers
producer oh yeah I'm ready
it's been like 15 minutes I'm just
trying to check it just took just I
still need to pack nicely to go buy a
jersey number it's like all I thought to
go to my game I thought to make another
video for 600 thank you okay and funded
to have a given thing you'll be
receiving also this confirmation in a
few minutes from now all we need to do
is to rip the coffee and NVIDIA jacket
beautiful
thank you okay I guess everything is
complete now would you also like to have
a pretty awful uh no thank you
okay anything else I can help you today
uh no thanks copy yeah thank you so much
wow that was about it eighteen minute I
don't know like twenty minute phone call
I literally just called to ask one
question how far and this oh wow that
was wow if you give me a Valerie if you
give me a valid reason why you don't
want me to leave you I won't go to
Phoenix why
okay I'm wiping
I'm wiping them can I lick your nose
why why delete me no no what you can
kiss me cuz really
I'm not cuz you don't licking you are
you looking at the camera like Ray J
what that his camera is that a hint
what do 10 how much are you gonna miss
me a lot only two of them actually
started not a lot is a numbered oh good
one guys I'm actually gonna miss Jackie
more than she's gonna miss me oh yeah
yeah I mean I was so much fun yeah I
wanna go one whole year of hanging out
me and Jackie in over one whole year
we've literally only haven't seen each
other for times for four days and that
was all the way in the beginning I'd say
that last time we went with us each
other what December
it's just weird like my life I wake up
and I'm just like okay where's Jackie
what are we gonna do today gonna see
Jackie today I feel like we do yeah I
think we do that's why it's important to
be friends I'm telling you guys a
relationship advice be friends before
you're anything else or one complete
opposite hey look we're not the same
people like I feel like we yeah we are
here a whack and I'm window here whacker
like we go go go go go I can't fucking
for me talking some games god this is
hilarious look so before the NBA season
started my girlfriend kept telling me
babe I can't wait for NBA season I can't
wait I'm actually excited this time you
know she told me that she likes fell in
love with watching basketball last
season and she can't wait for this
season and I didn't believe her I
thought she was just saying it to make
me happy because you know I obviously
love basketball she kept telling me
literally every day for the past month
oh babe ten more days till the season
starts nine more days eight more days
she was literally super excited and in
my head I'm like wow you're a really
good liar I know you don't care about
NBA season I was wrong she is so
interested in the game look I'm dying
this is the first thing she's so
interested
this makes me so happy a girl who loves
basketball love it much so funny
what are you watching who's winning so
far by how much who are you just telling
me who were you mad that broke his foot
why a lot of potential passenger really
love shoes broke his foot my dad my dad
and Jackie would literally having a
conversation about the NBA about Ben
Simmons and about the Warriors and Spurs
and I'm just sitting this Bodley what
and I'm just sitting there like what how
the hell is my girlfriend know all this
I guess she's been hanging out with me
so much that it kind of just rubbed off
on her but this is great for me a
girlfriend who loves the NBA like and
guys I didn't even believe Jackie until
now now I believe her she told me that
tomorrow when the Suns play cuz she
doesn't have NBA League Pass at her
house that Jackie says she's gonna come
to our house tomorrow by herself just to
watch the son's game on the house yeah
now I believe her I have a basketball
wife thank God it is actually so funny
to me I swear last season when I first
met her before the scene started she was
clueless about that ball she knew
nothing of howdy
and now she literally knows everything I
love it what did you say it's funny
she's sitting with that I'm talking
about the game yeah the communication
you know and communicate with me no
that's what I'm saying like guys but I
kind of feel like Jackie had to learn
sports she kind of had to force herself
to learn it because I'm the type of
boyfriend where if you're not talking
about basketball there's not really any
communication for example if she goes
hey babe you know coming go on a date or
you know babe oh when was our
anniversary when was the first time we
met I'll be like oh yeah but if she goes
hey babe when do the sons play
oh they play at 7:30 they play after the
10 minutes shirt on the play of 7:40
it's gonna be on TNT at this time and
this time in Balaban brain and I score
this many points to Devin Booker scored
this much so I
I feel like if she wanted any
communication in this relationship that
she kind of forced herself to learn
basketball so now we could actually talk
because in my opinion there's no
communication if the conversation isn't
about basketball am i right basketball
fans wait but now I'm actually like a
fan of it like I I'm still a Phoenix
Suns fan oh ha ha ha she's a jazz fan so
so literally if she wanted to save a
communication in this relationship she
kind of had to learn basketball because
could you imagine these other types of
conversations we'd have babe what's for
dinner and I'd be like or if she goes
hey babe honey points to Devin Booker
score on November 20th of 2016 and I'll
be like oh this many points is my points
so save the communication this
relationship she learned in basketball
and she knows a lot already so I'm super
proud guys this is how we spend our last
moments together before I leave to
Phoenix watching Cox
this is a correct way for a relationship
to spend watching watching carbs how
romantic
confidence Bosley you want chicken she
is still claiming that she got bit by
Mike you look like the teachers from the
old times that you know the strict ones
yeah oh what's that Matilda you know the
teacher ah no you're the teacher from
Matilda the principal standing in
do it Arabic dance guys my mom taught
her just do one no with your hands just
one just one time please I'll give it to
you after you do the dance I'm serious
what do you want
like the Nadia you know what I want to
stop filming yeah okay guys almost 11
p.m.
I gotta start packing on I just got back
from my basketball game I'm not going to
tell you guys if it's a win or loss
because that video is gonna go up
tomorrow what I will say is that I got
kicked out of the basketball game that's
all I'm gonna say I'm gonna leave it at
that
so uh-huh Jim Brown well yeah guys I
came back to the Warriors I don't even
want to talk about that because I
thought they were gonna win today that
was crazy not only did they lose but
they lost by 30 when I checked the score
on my phone cuz I was at my basketball
game so I couldn't watch it I was like
holy Wow
so the Spurs impressive Bravo Warriors
on one so they can't go 82 a note for
all you guys who predicted that but uh
no guys this is my last night with the
one and only beautiful beautiful Jackie
for days without my love guys can you
imagine not waking up and seeing the
love of your life like no I can't look
at her smile when I say that the love of
my life
shot on the smile but yeah guys this is
my last night with her until Saturday I
just got out the shower after my game
you guys will get that video tomorrow as
unfortunate as it is that she can't come
with me to Phoenix I do look forward to
meeting all of you guys whether I do a
me angry whether I run into you guys
like I said once again keep up to date
with that on my Twitter Instagram and
snapchat cuz that's where I'll be
posting the updates I'm not going to
have enough time to make a whole video
about us so you won't hear about it on
YouTube anyways guys thank you so much
for watch
this video and I hope I get to run into
all my supporters who are there in
Phoenix because you guys are the only
reason that I am this far on YouTube and
you guys are the only reason that I make
videos every single day so hopefully I
get to see you guys in person so I can
thank you for your support I can't
record her crying because she gets upset
but I'm gonna miss her honestly she
thinks she's gonna miss me more but
that's false I'm gonna miss her more I
told you I'm gonna miss her way more Oh
okay do you want back massage no babe do
you want a back massage yes okay I'll
give you a back massage
everybody camera my camera hey Jackie
guys I won't show this on camera but if
you don't suck toes you're not kinky
you owe me suck your toe okay guys once
again thank you so much for watching
this video and I hope you guys enjoyed
this little vlog I'm telling you guys a
lot of people are gonna be like bro who
cared for four days yes oh my god you
guys are so dumb it's only four days you
know I've got I've gone weeks without
seeing my girlfriend you guys are
obsessed with each other yeah we are
obsessed with each other that's what
happens when yes such a hot boyfriend no
that's what happens when you have such a
good girlfriend with such a kind heart
and she's so hot and so sexy I say a
loving first of all can you guys just
think about the fact that we can't do
the naughty for that long four days
like that's so long four days like
nothing this is gonna be put to use I'm
just joking okay guys anyways thanks so
much for watching this video and I hope
you guys enjoyed I love you guys work I
know babe we're gonna spend the prom and
it's because when they were doing that
speech about taking action them okay
guys yeah we're gonna spend our final
moments together if you watch this video
and you don't know if that's why you're
gonna think we're either like breaking
up or one of us is dying on my I know
that's how serious this is to us we
literally see each other every day and
it's not even for an hour or two it's
literally from the second we both wake
up to the second we both go to sleep we
are with each other whether at her house
my house at a hotel it doesn't matter so
I don't care I am obsessed with my
girlfriend I don't care I don't try to
hide it I don't try to make people think
otherwise I am obsessed with this girl
how do you think we're doing some good
cuz when I share our final moments
together it's because you can't forget
Jackie's mom is Hispanic and she is on a
little bit of the crazy side she loves
her and I love her but Jackie sauce
curfew believe it or not this munchkin
is 20 years old and has curfew because
her mom is Hispanic so we got to respect
the Christian side to her she's just
crazy okay fine she is crazy crazy
you're psycho obsessed with me you're El
Pollo Loco is that how you say it
yeah el Madre locos extra pico de gallo
but yeah guys so we only have a little
bit of time to spend with each other
because Jackie does have a curfew and
that's what a lot of Hispanic girls
would understand and that's what a lot
of girls of other races are gonna be
like she's 20 years old why does she
have a curfew but yeah you girls just
love to fight with me I love you more
guys it is almost 2:00 a.m. and I have
to be awake at 5:00 in the morning to
get ready for Phoenix at 5:00 a.m. and
I'm still awake because I have to finish
editing this video because like I said I
have to be about 5:00 in the morning so
I don't have time to edit when I wake up
so and I'm only halfway done if you guys
can't tell and I still haven't started
packing so I'm so tired right now I
swear I want to go to sleep I played my
game my body just feels dead I had a
really long day and I want to go to
sleep but I need to finish editing this
video so honestly I don't know if I'm
gonna sleep tonight it might be a I
might have to pull an all-nighter to get
this video done I wish I could do it in
the morning but I just don't have enough
time then I don't want to miss an upload
so
hopefully I finish it by like three or
four so I can at least get like one or
two hours of sleep but if not I might
have to stay awake all night till 5:00
in the morning and then go to Phoenix on
0 minutes and 0 hours of sleep that
would be crazy but guys remember how I'm
gonna say hard work pays off that is all
I'm going to say hard work pays off for
sure guys I was about to leave to
Phoenix right I just got out the shower
look sun's about to come up right now
and don't crew decided to surprise me I
didn't even know she was coming she just
said hey babe open the garage so she's
here to surprise me early this morning
babe the new roommates one - look who
decided to see me before I have to go
wait I'm gonna come in bed
