gosh over here at the gym went up I was
gonna fight it for her and I literally
had zero motivation to workout right now
like I literally have I fucking I hate
coming here to work out I love come here
to play basketball I hate coming here to
work out but you just have to force
yourself to do it so I'm about to force
myself to work out with the help of some
pre-workout Jack is actually gonna work
out I'd rather just stand behind you and
watch you rhyme I'd rather watch
Baywatch you're only doing abs imma be
here for like two hours okay
Jackie's gonna do so first oh you're
gonna do strict Stairmaster I love
standing behind Jackie on the
Stairmaster just watching and then I
started drooling from my mouth oh my I
do always come to your sandwich and
touch your butt I was proud of Jackie
I'm like oh I can't believe you're
actually here like Congrats and she's
like she's getting mad at me she said I
can't believe you actually force me to
come here no I wanted to come here like
11 and it was three o'clock I had to
make two videos for what my nose so we
both need is joke a doctor out there
that wants to fix my nose cuz it's so
big just go to the Stairmaster Squidward
I'm gonna be the
Oh oh my god she just said that she
thought I was gonna say okay let's leave
no guys but people really don't
understand I hate coming to the gym to
work out like they assume cuz every time
I say oh I love going to the gym or I'm
gonna be at the gym for so long they
assume I like it no I like coming to gym
to play basketball not I don't like
coming to the gym to workout but I
forced myself to do it because I'm way
too skinny and if I didn't work I'll be
even skinnier but don't get it confused
do I do it yes I forced myself to do I
like it No
what she hates when I recorded when
she's sweaty because she says head her
head turns into a cherry tomato not yeah
I'm almost done I just finished my chest
I just came to take a little break and
watch you from the back like this now
this is really me
and then I have to move my shorts around
because then I feel something poking of
use yogi I'm taking a selfie
okay okay okay I'm gonna finish on the
new finish such as she's so obnoxious
guys take a seat I like this view a lot
better than the sweaty guys in the
weight room it feels hard you need more
juice who said you need more juice it
feels hard guys tell me why look
why why why I have a hard time
understanding this so look I'm not
calling myself the weakest guy on earth
but I'm definitely not the strongest guy
in the way okay so check this out like
I'm not dissing myself I'm not calling
myself the weakest guy on earth but I'm
definitely not the strongest I don't
look the strongest I am not the
strongest so why everytime somebody
needs a spot in the weight room just
tell me why they always come up to me
they literally have like two or three
plates on each side of their fucking
bench and they'll come up to me and be
like eh bro can you mind spotting me
really quick in my hand up on the
outside I'm like yeah sure but let me
spot you on the inside I'm just like me
of all people look how many fuckin yoked
both guys that are in the weight room
and you come up to me so then I have the
pressure of making sure like 200 pounds
of weight doesn't fall on this man I
only weigh 140 I don't I don't know it's
funny and somehow people always ask me
to spot them it's weird
funny to me but I don't know it's just
weird look who decided to come work out
some chest she wants those muscular
boobies now she doesn't want those girl
boobies anymore what do you want to do
this no I don't Blues are supposed to be
fat okay that your boobs are supposed to
be fat like that fat
you know what I was telling them every
time I'm in the weight room working out
for whatever reason I always get people
always ask me to spot them spotting them
is when you have to stand over them you
know that is right make sure there's
literally a million buff guys in the way
I always get chosen I don't know why I'm
skinny I don't know I'm skinny I don't
know why they choose me but it might be
the looks I'm just joking guys they're
playing Fetty WAP I swear you wonder why
I still come to this gym watch all the
songs over look
Fetty WAP I swear I love fatty wall babe
she literally just so not interrupted
her okay
guys me and Jackie have been planning to
do a full gym vlog where I teach her how
to try to do a lot of the machines that
shit would be hilarious cuz all she does
is run she doesn't really use the
machines or like the free weights so I
don't know when we have to come when
it's pretty early because I know a lot
of people here and if I come here with
they're trying to actually work out I'll
be too embarrassed so we need to come a
day where it's super early and then
we'll get that log up for you guys
teaching my girlfriend how to workout as
if I even know how to workout guys for
the first time in my life I'm actually
going to get a haircut at my Barbara's
home so a funny thing is so today is
Monday by the time you guys watch this
it's obviously Tuesday but today's
Monday and I'll leave to Phoenix on
Wednesday I'll leave the Phoenix Arizona
Wednesday morning and so I was trying to
get a haircut on Tuesday right and it
turns out my barber was booked I leave
really early on Wednesday to fly to
Phoenix so I don't have time to come in
and you know I was like fuck what am I
gonna do do I have to go try a different
barber do I have to do this and that he
texted me and he's like you know what
he told me that he cuts like at cuz he
cuts Kawhi Leonard's here every time
Kauai is in San Diego like over the
summer he cuts a bunch of charger
players here like random flowers
Oh Stevie Johnson he cuts a ton of like
athletes here he's a really he's a
really highly praised barber and he says
that he does that on Mondays and he said
you know what you could swing by my
house if you want to and I was like
seriously he said yes so what he does is
on like every other day he cuts out the
shop but I guess every Monday he takes
the day off but it's not really his day
off
he cuts at his home and he cuts hair of
like charger players and NBA players who
are down in San Diego so he told me to
swing by up the house and I was like
yeah thank you so my barber is taking me
Watts to go to Phoenix could you imagine
if I have to go to Phoenix without
getting a cut so yeah I'm on my way to
his house never been to his house never
got my hair cut at somebody's home is he
cuts from home and he does that because
obviously these athletes that are
especially like a Kawhi Leonard type of
player who was really well-known and
high up there doesn't really want to
walk into a standard barber shop cuz
they'll get killed with attention so he
cuts them at his house he's cut Patty
Mills Kawhi Leonard he's cut a ton of
athletes so he told me to swing by his
house obviously there's not gonna be any
athletes there today so shout out to the
barber Paul wrong the way to his house
right now he made me feel famous when he
said oh you want to come to the house I
was like oh word hopefully he doesn't
expect a famous person tip but no I'm
just joking I actually just went to the
bank right now because for him to invite
me over to his house on his day off and
take me in then I'm honestly gonna give
him a big tip because that's generous
that's a really nice thing to do he
didn't have to do it he could have just
told me oh I'm booked on Tuesday you
know I could try to get you when you
come back from Phoenix but instead he
asked me to go over to his house and cut
me when he only does that for like NFL
and NBA players so I appreciate that and
had to make a stop at the bank also told
me he has two kids and they're and they
actually watched my video so I've never
met them I've never talked to them but
he said that they actually watched my
videos and he said that they'd actually
love to meet me and he said they've been
telling him to try to get me to come to
the house for weeks now guys
so bad and if I was going to the shop
I'll just walk in and use the restroom
but now I'm going to his house and I'm
too embarrassed to ask to use the
restroom so I'm just gonna hold in my
pee for literally like 45 minutes
anyways guys I know I'm first of all one
last time it was extremely nice of Paul
to invite me over for the haircut and
also let my girlfriend come with guys
I'm pretty sure if Paul gets tipped
big-time by those NFL players cuz
there's actually a really nice area now
I'm just joking - because he works Louis
cuz he worked super hard if you can't
tell he worked yay
he's the first one to open the shop and
he's the last one to leave and then if
you can't tell right here on his day off
he takes people and he cut he cuts
people on his day off so that's what
happens when you work hard you get to
live in a nice area what's your name
Sydney do you want to add to any of her
friends um hi how about you do you want
to say anything they're matching what
distance is set up look it's like a
barber shop inside the house let me put
the Chianti window so babe I know why
this is what I call stuff like some
we're gonna do
like someone will sit up I'll go 6 on
top and then we put the party death on
my skin right here it's like a two on
the sides and back one way it's a killer
clown on my belly yeah recent one yeah I
still haven't got her back I'm telling
you I know I could tell her to her face
at all then I bring her back but it's
gonna be so good that she's so now it's
not even though I can't talk that I know
actually dogs I was actually so scared
well that's what you get you know what
Brian has pranked me at least like six
seven times
I never pranked him TJ say the videos on
to Sunnah one so he likes he's terrified
it's so scary
he likes missing supper say what I'm
gonna shout out your custom camera shot
that's my cousin Jo Jordan oh we want to
shout out she's ready to meet Amy yeah
you said to me yeah yeah you want a
shout out
aren't you Candace auntie Candace
he came to our house with that signature
line up where we can make you feel like
I'm famous you are
his fan girlie she wants a picture now
she's all shy you know I was talking
nice about Paul and everything I never
knew they were such big fans they know
everything about my videos because
Paul's a little quiet so he doesn't
mention at the shop but they're actually
a huge fan so I appreciate them watching
every video and then I'm not going back
to the tunnel first of all and I'm gonna
Jackie back just so you know so thank
you guys so much for watching my video
oh she has a basketball game right now
so good luck at your game Paul has been
in a couple hours good luck to Paul
Wally boy volleyball right she's a
volleyball player so good luck whenever
your season starts guys I'm on my way
back home I held in my pee for so long
and I'm still holding it Paul and your
family I know you're gonna be watching
this yes I had to go pee the whole time
so when you guys were asking me to make
those snapchat story shoutouts and take
pictures and everything I was like oh my
gosh I'm gonna be so bad
no I'm just joking guys shout out to
Paul once again and his whole family
they were actually you guys are so great
thank you they were yeah they were super
nice people and it means a lot to have
me at the house and the kids were see
Paul is too quiet at the shop when he
tells me oh yeah my kids watch your
videos he just says it casually little
did I know they were a huge fans I
appreciate that I respect that they knew
everything about my videos so that
probably won't be the last time I'll be
going there but I appreciate them having
me
and my haircut turned out nice you guys
can't see it but now I'll be looking
fresh for Erica but so indefinitely
got no worries for that guys so Jackie's
complaining cuz she said my car's so
dirty that she gets bit but I've been
bit look one two three
she said she gets bit by bugs from my
car baby you're over-exaggerating why
you gotta fight with me at Cheesecake
you know I love it though you're
embarrassing me you're so loud ok gosh I
was on my way back home after the
haircut and I realized wait we're so
close to the mall and I wanted to go get
the hot fries i wanted to get the hot
fries that i always eat and then I
always end up and then I always end up
complaining about aka I needed to go be
really bad and I couldn't hold and we
were close to the mall so I needed to go
no but really guys I can't came here to
get the hot fries I always crave them
and I eat them and then I complain from
how hot they are so it's my fault
shoutout potato corner who else you know
that comes to a mall just to get a small
order of fries I know I need to go pee
you too let's go guys
I've only had a few fries and I'm
already dying and Jackie's all casual
this is where her latina side comes out
this is where her Salvadorian side is
like okay cuz I got nothing on me I'm
dying and she's like he stole the tree
pawsley
wait first of all how is he that house
he that tall Bosley no okay guys so we
got like this what I was trying to
record but Bosley did it before I got
the camera so we bought him these puppy
stairs because he always everytime he
hears the door open or the garage open
he jumps off the couch and it's bad for
his Lexus he might be really really fat
and obese and overweight and close to
death because of how fat he is but his
legs are still very skinny so when he
jumps off and puts all the pressure of
his upper body weight on his legs that
is not good yeah Bosley that's not okay
so we decided to bind these puppy stairs
to ease the pressure off his body and he
won't go up the stairs
look there's a tree up here and there is
a tree up here he's like terrified of
the steps he keeps staring at them and
like walking away and he even went to
sleep all the way over there
yeah come here parsley coming that's
what I was trying to show you guys I
figured he would try to go up the stairs
but instead he extended to Kevin Durant
with his long ass arms and he stole the
treat right when I came Bosley come up
get it boss let go
no Bosley he's looking I know like ya
know he's looking at you like give me
the treat buzzer no go get it go look go
bother I'm losing patience after Pat
he's not a seal he's not no put it on
yeah yeah go go go go Bosley good boy
good boy go get it buzzer go you will do
it he will go Bosley go up the stairs go
good boy go get it go ahead Fozzie come
on come on Bosley once you do it once
you're gonna be an expert go Noah let
him he's gonna come back
Bosley nobody's gonna give you the tree
you have to get it by yourself by going
up the stairs go Bosley go go up the
stairs go he goes up like frickin 15
steps over here but he can't go through
go Bosley go go good boy don't cry look
Bosley go up go up here one two three
tree and you just yep yep here you just
have to come up there okay go up the
stairs go boy go up the seer go buzzer
go get it boy good boy don't come down
he won't get on that first step that's
the thing
no he's too fat he's gonna break it okay
buzzer let me turn it towards you okay
okay go go up the stairs go no no no
he's gonna silly here go get the tree oh
no he will
go get the tree Bosley go guys it's like
watching my baby do his first steps I
already knew how to do it once I was
born no we put it through God tweeted
this so that's why I'm a dog
go Bosley you took guys look how fat he
is his belly literally lays on the floor
when he says look it's that first step
that he won't get on tough at first fuck
do a push-up Bosley do a push-up
go bother go now we can get him a girl
dog cuz he can do different positions
now go up off the go up the stairs go
get the treat go go now he's crying
go bother go don't sit Oh Bosley you
were just asleep for so long you need to
go look my mom's capturing our baby's
first memory so I can't send it the
wrong ron's at the strip club right now
hookah plays Nabby strip club come on he
tells you he's got the hookah lounge
bunch Oh gonna oh oh go Bosley go come
on it's that first step look he's trying
he's trying he's trying that first step
is too hot oh oh boy you guys good go
Bosley go go go Bosley go up the stairs
go now he's crying on with the famous
tradition of bringing this picture to
every vacation go up the stairs Bosley
way mom what's the weight limit for the
stairs
not as amazing over his weight I'm sure
but now my weight or jack is with Bosley
weighs more than you and Jackie combined
Oh Bosley got the stair knows it's there
oh hello
is it the three
you're look at your crying phone hello
just get on this can you get it over
with Lorna Jackie's laughing yeah we're
getting frustrated I think for her see
okay loudly you know what I'm gonna
sleep good luck I'm done okay guys I
just got back from the gym Brian wants
to show me something right do this Steph
Curry routine before the game in honor
of season opener the Paul's gonna
fucking hit my car just go I already
know guys I'm so hyped NBA season starts
today
the sun's don't play today the sun's
played tomorrow but NBA season does
start today there's three games wait no
way
yeah yes who's playing there's Nixon
Kevin Feige games today
I know it's flat and tomorrow the Sun
play the Kings and guess who's gonna be
Brian tomorrow
leaving tomorrow I'm leaving tomorrow
morning guess who's gonna be any
courtside at the Phoenix Suns game cash
be on TV catch me in Phoenix if you guys
live there it'll be at the Phoenix Suns
home open I'm traveling to Phoenix hey
mother hey guys so my girlfriend was so
convinced that my car was filthy enough
to wear bugs were living in my car so
she just cleaned my car while editing I
didn't what are you doing I didn't even
know she was cleaning it
shoutout to my girlfriend was it oh my
god was it really that dating
guys so she convinced herself that
yesterday she got bug bites from seven
now it went from three to seven so she
convinced herself that there my car was
so dirty that she got bug bites just
from sitting in my car for a couple
minutes so while I was editing my video
I look out the window and my beautiful
girlfriend who is so helpful and does
everything for me even when I don't ask
which is one reason why I love her
aside from her looks she's beautiful
aside from her heart and aside from her
personality she always just does things
she always just does things that make me
happy without even me asking for example
I look outside and she's cleaning my
whole car and I'm just like babe you
didn't have to do that but she did
because she's caring babe why are you so
caring for me she her answer is I don't
know oh now you love
I guess the ones from the back out okay
guys
Tuesday morning here I just got back
from gym I was about to hop in the
shower you know I got my game later
tonight we're playing we're playing a
pretty good team and you already know
i'ma have footage of that up later this
week so our team is one win and three
losses so we need to pick up this
weigh-in badly NBA season starts today
it's a great day from today October 25th
all the way until June NBA games NBA
season this is the best time of the year
for me this is like Christmas for me I
love you I love NBA season and I'm so
hot for it to start
obviously the Suns played tomorrow not
today like I said I'm gonna be at the
game so catch me there if you guys are
going to be there you'll probably see me
and I'll say say what's up take pictures
if you want to take pictures with me
you're free to do that anyway guys I
just want to give a huge shout out to
Paul once again for having me at the
house I love the haircut the beard
mustache the part everything looks cool
guys the craziest thing to me and I
still I still think this is the craziest
thing to me because you know his kids
they were like oh can we snapchat you
you know can we take a picture with you
or like you know I can't believe you're
here at the house and in my head I'm
just like it's crazy it's crazy that
people look up to me that way because in
my opinion we're all human I'm just
another human being you know look at me
I'm wearing a white t-shirt with the
same skin as everybody else the same I
don't know hair well mine might be a
little fresher because I just got a
haircut yesterday but now in my opinion
I'm just a normal human being who holds
a camera up to his face all day I don't
see anything special about myself so
when people you know when people are
like because they were telling me
they're like oh you know all my friends
saw the snapshot view around my house
and they were freaking out I'm just like
are you serious like that's that's so
amazing to me I think that's the biggest
thing that because I've only been doing
youtube for a little bit over a year so
I'm still not used to this and when
people tell me something like that I'm
just like damn that's crazy and I still
can't believe it I think that's why stay
humble that I always remind myself to
stay humble because this is not given to
anybody you know I'm very lucky to be
living a life where people look up to me
and people see me as an idol it's just
crazy to me and I still haven't gotten
you so you know I'll
to Paul's wife Paul's beautiful wife she
was extremely funny by the way a really
cool mom so you kids are lucky to have
her as a mom and first of all I feel
like she would get along with my mom so
you guys can hang out if you guys want
but I was talking to her and she was
like oh yeah Sydney's friends are going
crazy that you're at our house and I'm
just like really like for what that's
it's just crazy to me that people look
at me like I'm famous like it's just
crazy and I never that never goes under
appreciated it's crazy to me it's
surreal to me I don't know why you guys
do it because in my opinion I'm just
another 21 year old kid who just holds
the camera to his face but it's crazy
and it puts a huge smile on my face look
at this smile that's it's not fake it's
because of you guys so thank you so much
for watching this video and I'll have
more about my trip to Phoenix tomorrow
so I hope you guys enjoyed I love you
guys all hey if you guys want you can go
ahead and give Paul a follow on
Instagram his Instagram the link is
going to be in the description below so
if you guys want to follow my barber go
ahead and do that
