about to leave to the gym but before we
go my mom says that she has made us
breakfast for the family except Bosley
okay what do we have
okay guys we have waffles this is an egg
turkey cheese and tomato omelette I
guess you could say or scrambled eggs
mixed in I don't know and then that is
scrambled eggs with Brian what is it
corned beef or corn hash oh right here I
don't know to me it tastes and looks
like dog food so I kind of stay away
from that but my dad loves it
corned beef I probably loved it do you
like it
yeah Brian is the dog of the family
that's my brother Bosley that is my
brother right there okay time to eat
before the gym okay guys so recently
like me and my brother we always get
like a lot of weird things in fan mail
and by weird I don't mean bad because we
love weird things like we're weird
people are ourselves just look at
Brian's fucking moon what the hell is
that
sombrero is it not it's like I have that
future weird so we get a lot of things a
lot of weird things if and out I got
sent this okay first of all shout out to
the roadies that was their name extended
and look okay so these things read what
it says tastes great strawberry flavor
okay so I guess it's a lollipop I don't
know if it's made from real light skin
or real like woman I don't know so I'm
not gonna eat it cuz I don't want to
cheat on Jackie but it says strawberry
played on it she don't yep so it's
strawberry flavor so I'm honestly told
Latino flavored out eat it I guess if
you got okay so I'm gonna donate this to
Brian Brian you can do this for me yeah
like you could practice if you want I
don't know but how Linc you need
practice I've seen you go to work
I'm joking I know this cheater
guys honestly Phil is latina flavored I
would try that so I'm trying to say so
this is strawberry flavored I'm gonna
look up if they have I don't know maybe
ball your penis oh good thanks brother
so maybe Bosley would eat a Buzzle you
want to eat the pussy like groceries ah
he won't he's too tired if anybody has
seen a Latino one on the market you
could send that to me that want a
strawberry flavor then don't I'm a big
fan of strawberry but I just want to eat
it so if it's a Latina flavored one out
eat it so send me that why mom did you
see what someone sent me there this is
breakfast no this is the appetizer okay
that's ready okay oh my mom cut my
waffles from a my literally wait who's
the biggest who's the bigger momma's one
me or right all right I win my first
tattoo he started wait this is my dad's
name on the outside and this is my mom's
name and he started with my mom's name
first so I am the bigger mama's boy
with no shame thank you love you too
and there's Bosley I never I didn't say
you have to look it okay guys we're here
with the lollipop I already told them
I'm not gonna eat it cuz is that
considered cheating yes
see I can't eat candy because my
girlfriend is psycho so I can't watch
the thing like on my phone I don't cheat
yeah you do yeah you do you the other
day Utah you hold it up hold it up do
you go that's why he looks at big movies
but but yeah you do
I already told him I'm not gonna eat it
because what if it's made with real
suede what is this like saw everything I
don't know that's like a used-up one
that's like a older lady one yeah
no yours is pure yeah this one oh no
shout out once again I'm not going to
lick it I can't cuz then you're look
guys if I were to eat this solid pop
first of all again shout out to the
Brody's they send this if I were to eat
this all I pop I guarantee you in like
20 years
when me and Jackie are married and live
alone and we get into some argument I
guarantee you in like 20 years
oh yeah well you're the one who linked
another girl's pussy and I'll be like
wait what no I did it
should I yeah ha remember on October on
October 24th when you ate that and I'll
be like no yeah you would
yeah you would know yeah I know if
Jackie liked it my crazy accident
Oh your lesbian oven we're never gonna
do anything for the rest of our life
this heist and when I'm mad an argument
no worse how I was telling them on the
last basketball video that I'm so happy
when you're mad and it's not at me guys
I say I argue with Jackie also you
really do though I wish you were the
happy no way weirdest way words will get
to do that no no no no oh no and I wish
now both hands due to the craziness of
my girlfriend I cannot eat this load no
wait
I'm not gonna eat it now imma eat the
real one not yeah what time is my
appointment dad that didn't so long
okay fine I could wait 30 minutes
hey just do it good for the wait why is
it in your pocket cuz I want it I like
it why we're bringing out the cool whip
babe oh my gosh look guys you gotta put
the cooler chips oh we should dip the
lollipop in the Cool Whip you that's
real life I know it's time to put the
Cool Whip to use not on me none on me
guys I'm hyped she's letting me try it
so guys you know how I said she's gonna
use it against me no I'm gonna be the
one who uses it against her in 50 years
when we're 70 years old again an
argument I'm gonna be like yeah I knew
you were just using me you don't even
like guys I remember you ate the
lollipop okay let's get this open first
I know I'm tired it's early guys okay
guys this is for sure an old woman I'd
say in the age range of like 40 to 50
this is for sure old early we need to
lick her guys looking at this makes me
feel so blessed that I have this because
yeah look at that
okay so I'll take the first link of
course you will I'll take the first look
where should I look at the which part of
it okay guys I like to use my whole
tongue it I mean it tastes like
strawberry
I like this tasted
why it is easy feeling up you can't lick
from the top I thought how are you so
good at that
what am I love to keep you okay it's on
are you a pussy fucking nasty I'm now
just eating like a llama fine okay fine
guys just look at this guy so we had
breakfast and fuzzy we ate pussy this
morning I had I had two meals this was
the second one for the thumbnail movies
look she actually got wet oh I don't
know cuz is this a real life one
okay guys so much in the Chargers game
you know it's about halfway done while
I'm editing my video and now I'm
starving I haven't ate in a couple hours
and look who came downstairs and
surprised me with food yes babe I'm
coming but she surprised me with cuz I'm
starving she surprised me with she got
pasta and she got us Motel six and she
got me steak mashed potatoes and french
fries thanks babe you're not gonna get
kidney stones just ask for a light salt
okay guys it is bruh wadis seasoning
time babe we start with salt what would
you like on the salt no salt okay fine
okay what about pepper light medium or
extra medium okay what light light you
can't change your mind oh double dip I
always double dip okay yeah good enough
wait actually how does your hair come
out curly when you put it in the braids
I just went into braids and then how
long do you keep it like that for I'm
about five hours at least and then you
take it off and I become a bit better
that's what she said oh no I heard the
fest I'll come down oh not Brian I'll
talk about Bosley where is he
hey Bosley I heard you Bosley come down
come down there steak Jackie's here and
she brought she brought food excuse me
my mom had enough of my vlogs well the
broad squad loves it so I'm sorry okay
okay guys I'm going to be putting food
for a Jackie wait which one's my plate
which one's Jackie's babe will join do
you want blue plate or white racist rice
or no oh yeah how many scoops um well no
you have did you pull your PIN number in
no no I don't have some lunch yeah no
this is her Jill sweep in a bag of I
plop it out this wall you on that I'm on
it buzzing move say two minutes on one
I'll put you the perfect scoop do you
want mushroom or no no if you want corn
or no yeah
shrimp or no yeah here or no yeah Buon
Giorno
oh that's all you know mushroom yeah
sure
the shrimp is an extra 250 though you
can choose cash or or a favorite
favorite for food
guys I love cupcake oh my God look at my
teeth all blue it's Halloween okay wait
look at my teeth like my teeth look look
oh my god my teeth oh right my mom has
one of these the polka dot well yeah
I'll get her a pink one though with the
cat to give my dad hints just want money
in the school weekend so I bought this
for my mom no it's not her birthday it's
not anniversary scientist special shout
out to Jackie first of all because she
gave me the idea - oh she said your mom
deserves something she worked so hard
for you guys so it's not a special
occasion or anything but I just bought
my mom a gift and I bought it with the
cat on the side so she can like give my
dad some hints - we spice their sex life
with something my god they don't say
that my mom looks just gonna be so happy
and I was on sale $20 you kidding me
she's gonna love it
here's me
I know
October month ah Thank You Brandon
do you like that you like the side yeah
yeah I realize what robe were you
wearing me that big look guys she had
thought look you know how I put the robe
on my mom didn't realize okay she was
wearing her roach my mom forgot that she
was wearing her pink robe so she just
started laughing she thought I was
wearing her pink robe little did she and
then she felt it she's like oh wait I'm
wearing my pink robe what's that so she
didn't realize she was wearing her pink
robe she thought I'd just put it on and
I came out in the backyard until she
fell herself and she was wearing her
pink robe then she realized but look I
like it
Oh Bosley who is a big fat show who's a
big fatso who is a big fat show Bosley
give me five No ouch
who's the big fat show Bosley
who's ay ay ay ay ay ay ay oh my god oh
my god I got attacked by the loaf of
bread look at this fat Bosley look I was
leaking okay hey Bodley he just tried to
bite the camera you're being bad look at
this fat bug Lee Hey Oh
in your hand one two three four five do
you want to go for a walk do you want to
UM go in the car do you want me to go
get the leash and then I put it on your
neck so we can go for a walk Bosley no
Bosley wants beef jerky and chicken you
want chicken do you want to go for a
walk bonsly you're so fat look at this
what is this fat look at looking under
your neck buzzer what is that give me
your hand
good boy
okay let's go oh look who's excited the
fatso is gonna go exercise and go for a
walk and lose weight let's go
ay-ay-ay-ay-ay let's go walk let's go oh
my god the love a the loaf of bread just
tumbled down the stairs you want me to
get your leash let's go let's go
look who's happy look who's happy give
me five hey Bosley give me five
bonsly give me five Bosley stop give me
five
good boy guys look he knows you want to
go for a walk you want to go from the
door or from the garage let's go from
the garage let's go go good boy okay you
want to go oh my God look at those rolls
of fat one two three four five okay
Fozzie did you poop on the neighbors
lawn I take you for a walk and that's
what you do now I have to go clean it up
where is the plastic bag I didn't think
he was gonna poop my mom texted me
saying he just pooped like an hour ago
but I guess when you got to go potty you
got to go potty Bosley let's go clean it
up come on let's go come come here show
me where you pooped yeah it's a bag come
on no no not on my car no on my car note
on my car not on my car not on my car no
not the car no get inside bad boy okay
guys that's the end to this video um
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and I hope you guys enjoyed shout
out to the Brody's for sending that
lollipop and um in case you guys missed
yesterday's upload cuz I actually
uploaded it really late and it was on a
Sunday so a lot of people were asleep
obviously with school or work the next
day being today Monday so if you guys
missed a video the link will be in the
description below or actually you could
click right here to watch it um guys and
on a side note I am so excited for NBA
season to start today's Monday so the
NBA season starts tomorrow on Tuesday
the sun's don't play their first game
till Wednesday
so to
more days but the NBA regular season not
the preseason not the summer league the
regular real season is finally here I've
been waiting since last June well
actually as a son saying I've been
waiting since last April because we
didn't make the playoffs obviously I've
been waiting um to all you fans of
different teams good luck to you guys
let's hope every single team has an
injury free season because injuries are
obviously the worst and as a Suns fan
myself and to all the other Suns fan
watching good luck to our Suns and let's
see if we can finally break that
six-year playoff drought six years in
road with no playoffs that's way too
long so hopefully we can break that and
good luck to all you fans of other teams
anyways thank you so much for watching
this video and I hope you guys enjoyed
the lighting is bad there no way we
could sin in front of here this
stop licking the fuckin thing fucking or
just looking at at me
we have to look at the camera stay away
Pete wait grab my neck now my chin
