look so I just finished uploading my
vlog then I'm gonna upload my first NBA
video and I just finished adding my
second NBA video of the day today is a
triple upload day for you guys Saturday
October 22nd triple upload from bruh
wadis one on the main channel two on the
NBA channel I hope you guys enjoyed
Jackie's actually going to leave me
because she is going to she's good she
told me it's like surgery but I think
she's just trying to scare me yeah yeah
but that's not surgery so apparently
what they do is they chop off all your
eyelashes or no okay well they just put
they just put um fake or it's a real
hair no oh so they put they just want
more eyelashes I don't know she's trying
to be like me but she always says babe
you have such nice yeah I got I love the
eyelashes you guys like you have no idea
remember for her way to spend my
favorite thing no matter what for her
birthday I bought her a ton of the fake
lashes but I guess a few get eyelash
extensions it's just eat like you save
money you don't have to put on the fake
lashes so yeah so now she's gonna go get
permanent fake or whatever the fuck
she's gonna go get oh but it's like ass
ass shots no you know give you a shot
you don't you that but yeah so Jackie's
gonna leave me I told her to try to vlog
some of it so you guys are gonna get a
little bit show all the girls how to do
it yeah so you guys are gonna get a
little bit of a Jackie take over the
vlog and um yeah so she's gonna go get
the lash extensions so then there's no
more babe I need to wear my fake lashes
they're just gonna beat it wait how long
do they take to fall on a go huh how
long do they take to fall off depends
these are really good
about a month a month of no fake lashes
cuz she already finished the ones I got
for a birthday guys yeah case you didn't
know my girlfriend is very fake
not just her personality way I'm not
done nothing sir president Ali but her
lashes like no comment I'm just joking I
so yeah Jackie's leaving me she's going
somewhere far away to get them done with
her mommy mother daughter spending time
she's leaving me she's leaving me oh
you've been my nose this way let's
sweaty she's leaving me I'm just joking
guys come over act like she's been gone
for like 10 days it's what like two
hours maybe yeah I apologize for my face
it's so bad right now where my bathroom
today so this is a little anyway though
I'm super late like I was supposed to
leave so long ago and I didn't because I
took a shower and I just can't like
measure my time right so I'm about to
make my mom drive I was supposed to
drive but she said she's finally driving
I'm very very excited and I'm so like
actually nervous cuz I believe in this
ones and I actually can't remember like
the process of it or anything like that
see how fast I can get over there first
of all look how gotcha I'm going like
what am I wearing
and my hair is likes guys so while
Jackie is out getting her lashes with
her mom
I'm watching this know I'm not a huge
fan of baseball but it's the playoffs
and NBA season hasn't started yet so I
decided to check this out and I guess
the Chicago Cubs are about to punch
their ticket to the World Series my god
Chapman throws ever since he was in
Cincinnati because I used to actually
watch a lot of baseball what people
don't know I used to actually watch a
lot of Padres baseball remember Chapman
was on the Reds ever since he came in
spelling like Florida mom probably balls
but yeah I feel bad for you Dodger fans
because I know there's a lot of Dodger
fans on my channel I feel bad for you
guys but
and yet some apology a fan but I really
don't care about baseball I'm just
watching this for fun and I guess I'm
about to see the Cubs punch their ticket
to the World Series which is pretty
crazy voices dude wearing an Indian's
fucking are you kidding me
he's wearing an Indians shirt at the
Dodgers and Cubs game
yikes so for me to hear that the Cubs
are going back to World Series and that
they have the best record in baseball
for someone who hasn't really paid
attention to based on a couple years
it's kind of weird to me
so guys anyways while Jackie's out
getting hurt laches or whatever looks
speaking of her lashes I actually found
two of her fake lashes from last night
when she was here so this is what we
won't be seeing any more because she is
getting these fucking installed on her
eyes I don't know so that she doesn't
have to buy fake ones I'm not sure what
she's doing we'll see when she comes
back she was trying to tell me but it
narrowly makes sense while she's gone I
decided to be a good boyfriend and not
only am I gonna stay home guys look what
a good person am i what name another 21
year old on a Saturday night his
girlfriend is gone and what do I do I
stay home and I wait for her I don't
invite some Styles over I don't go
downtown and go drunk and go clubbing I
stay my ass at home I make some NBA
channel videos and I wait for my
girlfriend but not only am i waiting for
my knob to joking all you boyfriend's
out there you're supposed to be loyal Oh
double play to end the game Oh double
play to end the game ouch Chicago's
gonna fucking go crazy tonight I'm not
talking about the Cubs I'm talking about
the city they are going to go insane
Gary Ariana Chicago Cubs Dance World
Series first pennant since nineteen
fucking forty five whatever so not only
am i staying home and waiting for Jackie
I'm actually going to go buy herself
flowers um no it's not her birthday no
it's not our anniversary but surprises
are nice at times and it keeps the
relationship it keeps the relationship
healthy for all you people in the
relationship out there and listen to me
I never asked you guys to take my advice
but I'm asking you guys this one time
you don't need an excuse to buy some
flowers you don't need an excuse to
surprise somebody with food if you care
about somebody there doesn't need to be
a special
occasion for you to do some of these
little things how much do flowers cost
I don't know like 10 15 bucks and those
10 or 50 bucks are really worth it
because to see Jackie's smile the way
she does every time she gets happy and
like I said you don't need an excuse it
doesn't need to be someone's birthday it
doesn't need to be someone's anniversary
you could do these little things that it
trust me it makes the other person so so
happy it's not even just about the
flowers it's more of you know oh wow he
was home alone and like he's just
thinking about me so I'm gonna go get
her some flowers and wait for her to
come back
take my advice guys it keeps the
relationship healthy the little things
are what matters yes would be nice if
everybody bought their partner a
brand-new car or brand-new house but
sometimes happiness comes in the smaller
thing so some random flowers some random
food that honestly I know for a fact
that's going to make Jackie happy that's
gonna make Jackie smile and what happens
to me when my girlfriend is happy and my
girlfriend smiles I get happy and I'd
smile so it's all worth them I go down
to the store down the street and go buy
her some flowers away for her to come
back home and you know that's was gonna
get me by the way I am home alone now so
so it works out perfectly for the both
of us you feel me and I understand even
though $10 might be cheap for some
people a lot of people don't even have a
little bit of money so $10 might be
really expensive but honestly you don't
even need to spend any amount of money
if you can go by the person flowers or
go by the person's food or something
honestly even a simple note or drawing
or a little teddy bear a stuffed animal
honestly guys price doesn't mean
anything if your partner is in love with
you and if your partner really loves you
like they say they do price doesn't mean
shit the money doesn't mean shit if you
spend $10 on someone $100 on someone or
nothing on someone and it ends up just
being a little drawing or a note that
you give them if they don't smile and
they base it off price I'm sorry but
they don't really love you if someone
truly cares and truly loves you they
don't give a shit about price that's
what I'm trying to say so if you really
care for someone they care for you back
and you don't have an extra 10 or 15
bucks to spend on flowers or food just
write them a little note and honestly if
they really love you that'll make them
just as happy as flower hey guys
right to my Braves in the car and I have
my makeup that I can't even - because my
mom drives so slow like so slow we've
literally been going like 30 miles per
hour doesn't it true yes mom we're in
the freeway go go go if you go under a
hundred on the freeway your grandmom
never got a ticket except for school I
never told
I actually got a school paper
so I get it
oh my god guys look at this guy in a
lecture now
haha
san diego's so pretty
yeah sure
god I honestly I literally love seeing
Jackie smile like her smile is so it's
so beautiful it's so like pure it's so
like I just loved seeing Jackie smile
when I see her smile I just start to
like I start to blush I swear I don't
care how cheesy it sounds it's the truth
and I try to do everything no matter how
small no matter how big every single day
to try to make her smile and it always
worked I don't know if she fakes it if
she does fake it then she's really good
at it but now I'm just joking her smile
I love her smile that's honestly at the
top of my list of things that make me
happy is when Jackie is happy and I
don't know if it's just me I'm sure a
lot of other people
my happiness comes from when I see the
people I care about happy or when I see
the people I care about
smile and in a good mood that's what
makes me happy so anyway I'm gonna go
buy some flowers forget guys look at
this smile look at her I took some
pictures of her yesterday
she thought I was taking some pictures
of the dog no babe I was taking pictures
of you look how hot she is look at that
I love her I love the dog too but so hot
but as hot and beautiful as Jackie is
nobody's hotter than this man right here
let me see a smile sugar let me see her
smile guys I think Bosley would actually
be a good prostitute he would actually
make a lot of money okay guys
three hours later because my mom died so
slow we are here I'm very excited I'm
nervous wait mom we're late hairdressers
there's a barber oh wow so they're all
together we everybody has
sweet it's like your own little business
in here yes so what do I sign
so um do you have any of these allergies
or have you had any surgery no wait and
home washes Wow
I've never had to find this many things
yeah and then a signature and you're
over 18 right yeah
okay a signature and this is just what I
was now we know why I'm gonna get one
although I don't call them back let me
see you hold it down we gonna have a
blast I just want to know what you're
gonna do with all that ain't got a sale
where my oh so you can have it all
watch me Bosley
you ruined my little edit that I was
doing why'd you bite my damn toe and
yeah you're lucky I didn't record it cuz
you would have been taken into jail
bitch alright guys so oh go go pee
I opened the door so you go pee what you
don't speak English anymore all of a
sudden I said go pee good boom one go
pee guys every time you gotta listen I
try to be nice and maybe that works good
boy ballsy oh you're so cute oh my god
yeah go pee go go
good boy good boy go go good boy
see I guess it works you just have to
talk like a dumbass and it works okay so
let me show you what I got so as
promised I got these flowers something
small just some pink roses smells
delightful whatever the fuck that means
I'm just joking guys I know that means
but you can never enter a grocery store
and just leave with the one thing that
you said you were going to buy you
always have to do a little extra so I
got these for Jackie these are how the
mica I think that's what they're called
I'm not sure but I remember she was
eating them one time and I asked her
about them and she said that back home
because she's from El Salvador she was
born in El Salvador
so she said they used to give these to
her in school when she was a kid this
would be like her snack so she loved
these and I don't know some I remember
that she said that so I got these for
her a mica whatever these are probably
some weather I don't know okay then okay
fine I'm not alive these are for me I
got cupcakes for myself I'm not gonna
let Jackie have any time I won't let it
I'll hide those okay and then Jackie
loves these first of all I don't believe
this this sparkling water says zero
calories and zero
sugar but it literally tastes so good I
don't believe it but that's what they
say Jackie loves these so I bought her a
little pack of twelve I'm gonna give
this to her when she comes and then I
got me and her sushi I got us a
California roll and a tiger wall I have
no idea what a tiger rule is but I'm
about to try it it looks bomb so that's
what I got her but Lee do you remember
that I said I was home alone do you
remember the part where I said I was
home alone so that's where these three
things come into play I also got her
pineapple actually that's for the both
of us so we got a pineapple okay you
don't know what pineapple does to you
and then I got candle kind of lighten up
the mood and we go upstairs
smells like six oh that's good
smells a little better though and then
the final prize the prized possession
that we got here and most importantly
because we are home alone damn in it
cool quit have a pond without cool clip
cool hwhip
cool quick yeah you mean cool hwhip yeah
cool hwhip look if there was a vote and
people voted for the cutest couple on
YouTube and you guys chose to vote for
somebody else not named me and Jackie
okay whatever few chose you know
friendliest couple you know uh nicest
couple and you guys don't vote for me
and Jackie okay fine whatever but if
there was an award for kinkiest
freakiest couple and me and Jackie don't
win that then I'm done with YouTube I'm
done
okay you could give the nicest couple of
words to someone else you could give the
cutest couple words someone else but if
there's a freakiest kinkiest couple
awarded me and Jackie aren't number one
on that list I am done retired
cool hwhip is here and we are ready for
tonight look at this guy's
my girlfriend has been gone for a couple
of hours with her mom and she's gonna
come back alone to an empty house you
know I coulda pranked her I could have
planned some creepy shit so I could have
pulled some type of prank but instead
look what I do
flowers her favorite drink her childhood
snack
I don't know sushi cupcakes and most
important
be cool hwhip I'll be putting that to
use I'm not gonna let the letter fucking
put that shit on me but I'm gonna be
putting that to you so you look you guys
like my wink like this is me trying to
do a sexy wink hey babe is that sexy so
bad-looking let me trying to link with
my right eye I cannot do with my left
here's my right I can't man guys I just
like to have fun like life is all about
having fun if you're not having fun in
your life you're doing it wrong so this
cool whip you gotta put it to use I mean
regular you know it's fun and all but
you got to spice things up sometime you
feel me like you know what I mean you
just got to spice things up a little
ah guys on top of all this I just
started uploading my third video of the
day
triple upload finally complete at 9:18
p.m. right before my laptop was going to
die 1% it was about to die middle of
uploading but I plug the charger in look
guys I couldn't find a vase so I had to
put them in a cup but I'm gonna keep
looking for a vase I don't know this
shit the fucking soy sauce I don't know
fresh flower food the soy sauce that
keeps them fresh I don't have to put
that in guys look Bosley's literally
more excited than me what you can't wait
for Jackie to come are you waiting for
her he's literally been staring at the
garage what do you sense it is she
coming soon because I don't know when
she's coming Bosley he's literally more
excited than me okay keep waiting she's
almost here so I just cleaned them
I'm going to prime them right now mama
I'm going to use that as soon as this
dries I'm going to use a heated lash
curler
fahza you're still waiting for a Jackie
he literally hasn't taken his eyes off
the garage I think cuz dogs can sense
more things than humans could I think he
senses that she's on her way back guys I
love when I'm home alone I spend time
with Bosley I feel like that's the only
time he likes me
cuz he's fuckin forced to like me
because no one else was home Brian's out
at a haunted house my dad's out worth my
mom is visiting my dad at work and it's
just me and you Bosley I actually love
Bosley guys that's what people don't
understand I love Bosley I love him I
love him I love him to death he just
hates me for whatever reason hey fatso
why do you hate me is it because I call
you fat butt yeah guys just me and
Bosley solo dolo tonight I love spending
time with him he actually loves me
because he's forced to love me
yeah Bosley no one else is here so you
can't like them oh look at this look at
this look at this look at this Bosley
what you Oh Bosley you're sitting in my
lap oh I took it a little too far I
should have known he wouldn't give me a
kiss so you got to take it one step at a
time now don't leave my lap I'll leave
my lap cause I don't leave my lap good
boy good boy Bosley guys look out Bosley
said look at the camera Bosley smile
people might screenshot these guys this
is a once in a lifetime thing Bosley
look at the cumulative here wrong wait
okay any got up fuzzy okay you ruined my
life
saying that it feels right
you
so here we are on my way back I love my
lashes they took really really long like
really long but it's fine it's all worth
it and now we're driving back and my mom
is still driving under this like she's
literally driving 40 miles per hour like
okay you're driving 65 this is didn't
even I don't care mom three-way
three-way Patti oh my god you guys I'm
actually sitting here I'm actually
sitting here shook because I told her I
would drive she said no I'll Drive and I
was here all happy I wasn't able to use
my gasps oh my god I'd rather use all
the guys in the world and drive with my
mom she drives so slow
you get the $300 I spit
yeah then hop
mom you can die deserters deacon
20 miles ha mom now one of the no one's
going to be able to understand what you
say because either name understand that
her swerve endlessly what I said sir I'm
in this bitch I don't want this drunken
greatly 17-6 I got 92 bags
that's very many in the record I think
that throw away something
see guys since this is where US Hispanic
people mess up we think like aha so
funny to tell your mama joke and then
she turns it serious and then here she
is she's so ready for the punishment
like she doesn't even need to hear the
cool thing that I did
Jackie's finally back homey she actually
texted me asking me if I can go drive
and pick her up instead of her driving
here and I said yes a fourth big you
don't need a drive its way it's
dangerous so I'll come pick you up so
now I need to set up the table and I'm
not I need it I want to try to set it up
in a cute way before I go pick her up so
that she can already walk into it are
Teagan cute guys I'm so mad at myself
instead of doing all this why didn't I
just prank her like she got me with the
killer clown prank which I still have
nightmares of because that shit was not
funny that was the worst prank anyone's
ever pulled on me worse than any of
Brian's pranks worse than any of my
parents pranks that was worse than any
of the pranks I pulled on anyone she got
me very very bad and this was my golden
opportunity to pull a prank back on her
and instead I do this why is this thing
right here my heart's so good actually
no it's not because baby if you're
watching I don't care can get you back
and I'm gonna get you back so bad that
even me saying this and letting you know
I'm gonna get you back you Silvan going
to prank cuz that's how bad I'm gonna
get you so I don't care that you're
hearing this all you guys that we're
watching it you guys even commented
saying OMG I wanna shit my pants you
guys come to saying holy shit that was a
scary prank ever so no I haven't
forgotten about that and yes I'm gonna
get her back in a very very bad way it's
gonna be hard to top off the clown prank
but I am for waters so I got to think of
something okay whatever I didn't put the
soy sauce on the flowers what possible
okay
let's see I'll have the flowers in the I
couldn't find a vase I'm going to put
the flowers right here in the middle
I'll have this open it looks nice ah
shit tastes so bomb if it's true that it
really has zero calories your sugar I'm
never drinking soda jams
I like the color coordination it's so
fancy Oh Frances okay god I need to find
a bass I don't leave this in damn come
let's see oh the candle okay guys I'm
gonna leave this on while I go hopefully
the house doesn't break down she doesn't
even live that far so hopefully not
where do we have a lighter I need a
lighter fuck come on no one smokes
marijuana in this house where's the
lighter on this joking guys drugs are
bad for you okay I really can't find a
lighter though jackpot well it'd be
great if the fucking lighter works I can
move out a snap this bowl I have family
got snap this shit up man by the ghost
is when turn up man Girl Scout cookies
oh geez
fuck and shit a lot of mini Pekka go to
fat ah fuck moderate are you kidding me
bro
okay do we have matching tallies jacking
bus against fishes Oh Bosley where's
that lighter I know you'd be smoking
that weed bro I know you'd be smoking
that loud I smell it every night I know
it's coming from you Bosley maybe we
have a lighter outside by the grill
bother we actually need to have a talk
about that when I come back I know you'd
be smoking that loud shit bitch you
gotta be doing that in my house living
under my rules okay I found a lot of Oh
for this word are you fucking King right
now
oh hello uno dos pinche puto pendejo
cabron
tres okay where are we supposed to live
all three on ones whatever if my house
burns down when I come back at least I
have this footage to show Jackie that I
actually did all this for her okay we
got this what is it called again
how mica Jamaica we got the pineapple
we got fine whatever I'll share the
fucking cupcakes for there if I have to
oh wait that's gonna bring okay I like
this smart to leave this burning while
I'm gone I seen it fit really fast
yes I did get hungry and I ate some of
the sushi don't judge me
oh there I'll clear the table so it
looks fancier okay I'm not so fancy go
fuck yourself
shout out to the person from Germany who
sent this in fan mail because I'm going
to use it for me and Jackie so now she
has talked a--let's as well the other
sushi rule and I think that's it you
good
I just need to find the face I'm gonna
go pick Jackie up right now guys
I believe the poop in the fridge is
that's the final surprise so my good
friend in the mirror shot out to you in
the mirror he actually just texted me
saying yo bro I'm about to be at Chili's
enough he said I'm bored I'm alone I'm
all something to eat with you want to
come I'm sorry to me I bought a set in
this picture the mirror I'm surprising
Jackie right now so I'm sorry I can't
eat with you hopefully you understand we
could go out the next time sorry bro
Jackie boom bruh it looks nice got
shoutouts in the mirror we all need
friends who are understand he texts me
back saying oh that's nice keep it up my
man have a nice night shout out it's
only cuz he knows about it get some big
time after this
honestly guys that's the only reason I'm
doing it now I'm just joking guys
Jackie's such a nice girl I would have
got some regardless of whether I did all
this so shout out Jackie for being such
a nice caring considerate such a
warm-hearted girlfriend
Jack PAH look what I found right as I
was about to leave I swear it was like
it was sent down from heaven it
literally popped up right in front of my
eyes on the table around the corner I
don't know
that shit was kind of scary because I
guarantee that wasn't there for looking
what to make the transfer hey Wells
Fargo's my transfer a dozen roses from
the red cup bank account to the fucking
things
yeah bye Anna give me a second Oh Oh
would you like water with that obviously
bank teller I want water with that
oh wait I'm supposed to cut the Rosen's
that's what the lady at Vaughan's told
me to chop the bottom of the stand I
just hit up my boy Freddie Krueger
so that he could take care of that later
hey guys I'm about to go pick up my
beautiful girlfriend this usual
dog twice too long away came from likes
why buy more peace of our breath yes
guys that was me not yg I know we sound
exactly the same but guys my girlfriend
literally flogged there
she's a natural-born flogging wait okay
wait before anyone call this I know I
have a double chin you have a nice
double chin that's fine
guys look at my girlfriend's eyelashes
if they actually look different they
look nice look how you smell yeah and I
used to be like I used to be her dog his
name is his name was Teddy Teddy the
bear wait show them your lashes I'm
Tanika C okay guys we'll show you inside
my house how was the surgery for the
painful really three hours no it took so
long I thought you were cheap like I
already knew you're cheating on me with
one guy I'd like what you know multiple
gun
wait can we please stop to go get food
because I'm so hungry
I didn't eat all day
we did good MXN um no you can eat at my
house you can eat cereal I have such a
girlfriend who doesn't such a good
girlfriend doesn't dip me in anything I
put cereal I'll turn she said okay fine
I like cereal
I love cereal who do you love more me or
see babe no listen you but when we were
coming back a car blew up in the middle
every way it really loved how it just
blew up I don't know hey I was so mad at
my mom could I just tell you what she
was trying to 65 miles per hour on the
freeway
wow what a pussy she was driving 60
miles oh my god Chevy I'm driving City I
gotta slow down I'm like oh my that's
probably why it took so long guys I
Drive 70 in a 10 mile per hour zone I'm
just joking for all of you you're gonna
go get a ticket you get a ticket I said
mom if you don't go 92 are you really
driving for all you guys who are just
learning how to drive or about to start
driving do not know do not take tips
from me I'm serious I'm not a good
driver wait
you're gonna cereal you said you don't
need a burrito you have have
winnie-the-pooh belly a tot though I
like it I'm just joking guys she doesn't
have one of the poo belly
guys my girlfriend surprised me I look
in her hand when she walks in there's
pajamas in her hand and then there's
also gym shorts for tomorrow morning but
hidden under the gym shorts and the
pajamas I can't show it in the vlog you
know what I told them in the vlog I said
look if there's a cutest couple on
YouTube and we somehow don't win fine if
there's a nicest couple move somehow
don't win fine but if there's a kinkiest
or freakiest couple on YouTube and we
don't win the number I'm never making a
video again there's no couple that would
out beat us in a kinky freaky award wait
um you tweeted me you're really 30-day I
know I was flying back to you not as
flirty as me though
guys Jackie just found out that were
home alone and I telling you I've never
seen her more excited well the chair
because I was recording myself like
walking into the house I was making a
cool edit don't worry it's not for a
prank
Jackie is addicted to cleaning
she literally fixes and cleans
everything she is Bob the Builder look
hold on for you baby really do so for a
burrito huh okay listen wait this is
cute
wait I'm gonna call her right now the
bunny to shut her wait wait wait you
came and say anything to me she has to
go to her mom first and the sushi I
think is gonna smell like candy but look
at this the one from El Salvador
what's happy no those cupcakes are mine
you can have cupcakes but everything
else is yours look what is this called
again see if you're so cute that's what
happens when I get bored can you take
five hours chill at least you gave me
time to you okay let me show my life so
now those are permanent yeah for how
long um about three weeks wait look is
have you ever tried this I've never
tried Tiger rule only this and look how
long you took I ate four pieces baby
you're so cute thank you you're welcome
oh wait hold on hold on I forgot the
biggest thing hold on wait I told them I
said guys I told you I said look what a
good person I you fucked me up
Cloudbreak like she literally fucked my
life over and I was home alone and she
was out with her mom it was a perfect
time to prank you and I do this instead
but wait I didn't show you the last gift
turn around you can turn to the camera
oh wait oh then you're gonna see it
turns this way just face always stay
right here
wait I'm social wait come back no I
didn't say go to time now come just
stand right here turn around and close
your eyes
I could see if you open ours you owe me
Raj you're not getting this gift okay
pour your arms around the thing I'm
serious fun okay you can totally quick
this was my soy sauce when I ate this
sushi no genron again close
what's wrong I'm gonna cry I can't cry
with my lashes open your eyes as I told
you if we don't win pinkies but this is
just City alone yeah so I don't know why
you're getting so big babe you're so
cute ah she tries always tries to kiss
me no come on I can't cry it because my
ass is not allowed to get wet
oh wait since I did all of this for you
can I please do the one thing I love to
do yes yes god yes oh you wanted to do
it okay okay
okay guys I love cuz Jackie like she has
a really really nice body but she does
have a little bit of meat right here
like in the hips a little bit I said
okay so what I love to do and it pisses
her off that's why I have to ask her to
do it now and I asked her and she said
yes I like to do this happy birthday was
this for another hole and you're just
like yeah she turned me down send it to
you okay now listen guys so I love to do
this I love grabbing the okay I can't
call it factor she's gonna kill me I
love grabbing the UM the the nice like
the nice hips right here and I go like
this m-maggie goes wrong it's fine fine
I'll do it right we got fun okay we're
gonna get to the fat guys on Christmas
Day I'm gonna play all the Christmas
carols right here I don't get why Jackie
get so bad you are so cute like actually
that's so sweet
what's the occasion what do you there is
no kiddin hmm I don't want anything okay
guys I'm gonna put the camera away here
he'll thank you was I supposed to light
on just one at a time all of them oh oh
really okay cuz I thought I was gonna
come back and bother was gonna be a
fucking fried krabby patty and don't
like ashes yes okay you're welcome okay
guys so we're gonna end this vlog right
here I hope you guys enjoyed this video
I had the best boyfriend in the world
know Devin Booker if she's dating
someone is the best boyfriend Eric
Bledsoe second cuz he has a girlfriend
actually a wife you just made her this
past summer I'm the third bit okay Devin
Booker does
oh okay then I'm the second oh yeah
Millie end up first good so okay guys I
hope you enjoyed this video and thank
you guys so much for watching I love you
guys for watching all my videos and I
love you guys for sticking around the
long ones too because a lot of youtubers
fall short videos you know ten eleven
twelve thirteen minutes I post longer
videos and you guys still find ways to
watch them even when you guys are busy
even when you go to work even when you
go to school you find ways to make time
for my videos so thank you I appreciate
you guys for that mmm way I'm gonna
comment okay so have a treat in my hand
Bosley oh my god it is the only time you
see I've seen him run wanna treat okay
guys let's put him to the test
hold on okay Bosley wait wait look the
tree on the floor make sure you see okay
seize it right wait don't go Bosley no
wait it's wait wait don't get it yet no
no no no no loudly no not yet this is me
when I get in trouble the very mother
not baby for the face of a dog who stole
his treat even though his owner said no
yeah I didn't tell you to eat the treat
Bosley I said not yet guys fought fun
facts story time back in El Salvador how
much did this cost a snack of this that
fit II figured like a soda was like 10
cents that's why I was fat no but listen
and so you would you would go to wait
wait really quick sorry to interrupt but
guys look at Anthony aka fuckboys name
in my phone it has a bathtub neck
to his name because his body shape is
literally a bathtub like if you put
Anthony in a bathtub it would just fit
perfectly that's his shape of his body I
said she is back okay what were you
gonna say
so you go up like I was in the fifth
grade school no I'm the third no the
second grade really I was you like go up
to the people and you say what fruit oh
my god babe you're spilling everywhere
you want a queen just make buzzing and
then um you ask for the fruit and then
they asked do online salt spicy in it
and you want no only one lime and salt
wait enough oh my gosh oh my gosh
the difference between a middle-eastern
boy and a girl from El Salvador okay now
put the lime or no I'm the wasabi and
wasabi guys look at my face when I eat
this looks like Dimity this one with a
lot of tap in whenever you put more why
do you make that face
and it's lime was that thing
hmm come here Bosley come hi everyone
copycat of me say this thing is us watch
thank you guys for watching hope you're
excited for the next video I want 150
likes of this one 150 150,000 I can't
get 150,000 mm hi how much 15 listen
damn love you're watching all the way to
this point it means you are so real like
how real like good realness like you
nobody says first first thing that I
forgot the lyrics
ya know I forgot turns I'm a realist
yeah that's what you guys on so look for
this video being so I don't know how you
want to say it we're gon look did you
break your neck
see you guys like this basel you can't
come in my room yet so just for this
video being so enjoyable for you guys i
want you guys to drop a huge life like i
don't want you guys to drop a like or
regular like or a big like i want you
guys to drop a huge like if you guys
enjoyed this video
and I wanna look I've never ever ever in
any video said I want to try to smash
this mini lecture this may like but I'm
a save for this video just cuz I want to
see if we the broad squad if all of you
guys and me so us together can smash
this goal let's go
40,000 likes if you're still watching at
this point drop a like and we're gonna
try to drop forty thousand likes I've
never set a number babe I can't do more
I've never set a number before just
because to me whatever a number the
number of people like the video they
like it but as for whatever reason I
don't see if we could try to smash that
goal us together the bruh watch about
40,000 lights for this video and on that
note thank you guys so much for watching
and I hope you guys enjoyed
you guys like was can you believe I came
out of this I think if it decides me so
much like oh I don't know
my god mom go 90 90 90 90
we are now gonna get a weenie chickens
that is you this
mommy I think if what are you going to
be for Halloween this year
mom you been a pirate for five years you
were
