guys me and Jackie just had a little
conversation and she says that she wants
my ass yeah if I could have cuz he has a
really big ass no girls why is it badi
girls look at my ass I'm a boy what's so
bad like how does the ass of a guy turn
you on I don't get that okay she says if
she could have any ass in the world it
would be mine
no I would want Kylie says but your ass
why I like it it's cuz you have a lot of
meat so like I wouldn't want the shape
of your butt why not no my shape is good
I would just want to extra me that you
have my shape is good a lot of me cuz I
use it to bog telling basketball like
like that I'm about to record my MBA
video before I go to the mall today I'm
gonna be talking about the Sacramento
okay
no I'm a Sun in your moon get it okay
wish me luck because the Kings offseason
was not one one of the best in the
league okay guys so what me and Jackie
we're about to go to the mall but we're
not just going for a fun I actually have
a problem with my phone let me tell you
why so like last month my phone screen
was cracked and my phone screen cried so
I went to the mall to get it fixed and I
got ended up getting it fixed
and when I say fixed I mean fixed
because ever since then it's kind of
been like it's been messing up babe
you're making me nervous why she stares
at me like this and I just get nervous
okay
so like it's just been messed up like
sometimes I'll press apart on the screen
and it'll end up pressing another part
it will just kind of mess up until
yesterday where it kind of just like
they completely stopped working if you
can't tell nothing on you can't press
you can't look I can't the finger ID
works and then I can't press anything
nothing works on the screen I tried to
restart it
a million times I tried to plug it into
a different charger I tried to plug it
into my own charger I tried to plug it
into my computer and nothing works so
I'm gonna go back to the same place
where I got its face and I'ma tell the
dude like hey what can we do about this
because it just when my phone was
cracked in the first place last month it
was actually crab really really bad so
when I went to go get this fixed I told
the guy at the phone screen place
I said look my phone screen is cracked
really really bad
so I know you're obviously going to say
yes because you want to make money but
can you just be honest with me if you
can't fix this I'll go get a new phone
and he said oh no we can fix it
obviously because they make money every
screen they fit and I said are you sure
because it looks very damaged so if you
can't fix it just let me know and I'll
go across the store right there and just
go buy a new foot from risings I don't
know I could fix it so as soon as he fix
it it's just been fucking up until
yesterday when it completely fucked up
and it's just done so I'm gonna go see
what he could do if he just can't do
anything about it and I might end up
getting a new phone honestly I should
just get a new phone anyways everybody
in my family has been getting new phone
afternoon one afternoon people I've had
the iPhone 6 from the second it came out
one in it like two or three years ago I
don't know like two and a half years ago
whenever it came out I got it the first
day it came out and I've had it for a
while now I've never ever changed I
never got a new phone so I might get the
6s people ask me well why don't you just
get the iPhone stepping like you could
call me all or whatever like I just I
don't know maybe I'll get the iPhone 7
but that's not like you know people some
people are like when the newest thing
comes out they're like oh I need to have
it like that for me if it's there it's
there for now I don't mind getting the
6s call me old-school call me
old-fashioned I just I don't I just take
what's there I don't need the newest
gadget or the newest invention I don't
know look for example GameCube ps3 I
don't want to Xbox one I don't own a ps4
I still have the iPhone 6 I I don't know
I mean if they have the iPhone 7 I'm not
gonna complain but first time I go to
the guy and say bro you told me that
this was going to be fixed I knew he
couldn't fix it but I knew he was gonna
lie to me I should have just got a new
phone that's
mistake he obviously wasn't going to say
oh no we can't fix it go across the
street and help Verizon out because he's
obviously trying to make money so we've
got to go to the mall see what we could
do about my phone I don't know it's just
weird it's I tried everything I tried to
call Verizon off my mom's phone and they
didn't know what to do about I tried to
call Apple they didn't know what to do
about it so we're just gonna go try to
get this fixed ourselves Bosley no no no
no I'm gonna leave to the mall if you
run out it's impossible to get you back
in because as fat as you are I don't
know how the hell you're actually fast
so please don't run outside okay
respect what your owner says guys
Bosley's actually fuzzy my god fat end
doesn't listen name a worse dog Bosley I
said not to go outside if you're
wondering what this is for I'll explain
with Jax in the car one water to water
three water Bosley you fat fuck you
ruined my Eddie I was supposed to end it
when I closed the fridge
I said name a worse dog he's fat and he
doesn't listen and he's hard to catch
how these actors fast buzzer let's go
back inside though my mom she said she's
gonna give you a treat let's go come on
let's go pet Bosley stop being stubborn
you want Bosley my mom is inside us she
said she's gonna give you chicken she
said she's gonna give you beef jerky you
want beef jerky let's go inside come on
good boy good fatso come on
good go inside my mom says she's gonna
give you some go-go buzz it go go bye
then he closed the garage good boy oh
wait I'm soaked see Bosley pressured me
okay my girlfriend here is something I'm
broken oh it's the sprinklers tell them
why I brought all the extra water
bottles I told them you explained it in
the car because we always do this we go
to the mall and we say we're gonna go
eat the hot fried and it smells so good
when you walk by and when you actually
like smell the powder and I want to eat
it that's when you die but you think
you're not dying because it smells so
good you want to eat it and so we eat
them all the time and they're so hot so
we have to help they're so good we have
to keep walking back to the water being
up they have like a water thing yes see
they know they just you know you don't
have to ask for a water cut they just
have a like a fountain we can put your
own money because they know so ask for
ten yeah they said tip for water I said
bitch you're already killing IANA give
me for whatever reason we know these
funds burn us like I always end up
sweating my nose gets runny you cry too
no you guys just like you cry you know
you guys for fun okay fine you better
not complain about my crying NBA season
starts next week I'm gonna cry every
time listen I know I'm so yeah guys for
whatever reason we know these fires are
Hall we know they burned us but we just
keep going back and getting them so
while my phone's getting fixed or
whatever the hell phone that lawyer
decides to do with my phone I knew he
was lying
like why did I expect it to say I'll
just go get a new phone from Verizon I
should have known oh hell no my first my
first option is to get the screen fix if
that doesn't work then on there
wait I just want to say one thing don't
ever trust anybody in your life because
you just reminded me because the Verizon
commercial guy I know you all know who
I'm talking about one can you hear me
can you hear me now god you went to spin
one of the most loyal people you
wouldn't you would assume he was a
Verizon commercial all the time like
what are you here million a million
years can you hear me now can hear me
now yes bitch I can hear you and he's on
Sprint now he's talking and I'm talking
about him he was talking shit about
Verizon all our job very personal and I
don't trust anybody yeah so anyways got
the glass break but this time I can't
prepare that brought a plastic bag
filled with water bottles so
oh can you whole like when we go to the
movies and you sneak snacks yeah I used
to do that with my mom
I get asked me how many gummi bears I
put in that bag how many forward Wow
family-owned whatever at least yeah I
know he's not cheating on me right now
because he can I use my laptop for that
no because you can't cognize your
messages
I used social media
okay guys everybody on Twitter oh you
know what I want from them all hot fries
sushi subway companies hold on Jamba
Juice Philly cheesesteak sweet factory
Oh corndog corndog no you ate then you
said it was trash yeah but I still
wanted good that's corn dog things that
it's good because when I worked at the
fair we were literally forced to eat
that god I always go to the mall just
for food just tell like I literally
never go to the mall and walk out with
bags of clothes I always walk outside
that makes me I'm getting sweet factory
Jamba Juice Philly cheesesteak hot fries
a corn dog I say funny one more time
it's time to go to the mall and eat
that's me holding the fork in the knife
Oh what are you oh my I can't invite you
to my house for Thanksgiving what you're
gonna eat everything my family I
shouldn't wait look how scared he just
guys oh you like it when you yell about
I want you to zoom in on your face why
was it possible what you want me to do
Zoom Zoom with a Z it's okay look guys
say zero zero no zero know about listen
what's here in my family that have to
kill me laughs launcher drew invited me
there and I had to like greet all his
grandmas and like grandpa is all over
with it I want you to come on things get
if you know yeah I know that's what I
said
we're gonna help God guys we'll see you
out the money
God you know I was actually thinking I'm
not I'm a good person look so or I don't
know if you call it a good person but a
mom has gotten a new phone ever since
I've gotten my phone
she's taking one of my upgrades my dad's
got a new phone since I've had my phone
Bryan has gone in like two new phones
since I've had my phone and you know I
have money saved up because I don't
really spend too much money on big
things so I have money saved up I could
buy an iPhone 7 but you know I
appreciate what I have okay I was I
could have got an iPhone 7 when I first
came out but instead I was like I
already have this phone nothing's wrong
with it and even right now that
something's wrong with it but well I do
need this but I don't need like oh
what's hot on the market right now I'm
good I'm content with what I have and
aka I don't like to spend too much money
so I'm mr. Krabs
mr. Krebbs my birthday oh I missed it
I'm mr. Krabs when he's naked without
the show on pink
he's naked like he's like yeah I get
turned on by that episode we're we're
about one minute into our mall trip and
we already ran into a huge fan Caesar
right here shout out to Caesar you've
got you want to shine anybody our have
any say
they surrender
yeah asking my rosin yeah bro explain
out like it's 2016 god good job Rosen I
don't care I just got mine done
yesterday
you should not are bushy like we're
going to one gigabit as I have a
complaint so I didn't put moisturizer on
after my shower and my face feels so dry
like it feels like I'm walking around
like this like my face feels like a rock
I don't know why usually I have this
Cetaphil a facial moisturizer and I just
didn't put it on and my face feel so dry
like it's going to crack open oh I see
the hot fries guys I see the food court
right behind me I want to go get food so
bad right now but we're going to go take
care of my phone first you don't
understand I actually shed a tear
walking past the food court without
getting anything but we'll be back so
only subway cookies subway cookie got so
long but the guys here that I bought my
bull chain fun
the guy loves me guys is he there
he's always here he always talks to me
just to buy bought a gold chain from him
probably cuz he ripped me off and
charged me extra and I didn't know it is
so he loves me
you know it's not here
yeah you probably got fired I don't know
I used to team all the time he was my
new play guys look there's this store
that I always look out look it's right
here look at these mannequins they have
I die every time I see it look I guess
it's like a maternity say they took out
the pregnant mannequin they took her off
the video yeah they probably saw me
laughing at it so now they have these
mini mannequins look this one's sexy way
am I allowed to say that on mannequins
look guys they're mini these are so
funny oh my god oh look they're all up
there but they used to have a pregnant
one I'll laugh at it all the time it was
just so short and fat no I didn't it was
short and fat like this and they took it
out it was just here like two days ago
first of all why was I here two days ago
I always
I literally have probably met in total
every time I come here combined ever
since I started my youtube channel I
probably met like five or six hundred
fans right here ya know maybe close to a
thousand oh shoot
she even said it I'm nice um every
single time I come faces
you do actually
a hot one
she always tries to make people know
she's my girlfriend in public it's
Brandon mom
onii-chan mom I need you to do me a huge
favor
why are you home okay well my videos
done rendering the one from my NBA
channel so can you please can you please
upload it yeah except this time let go
to my room I'll tell you the world's
best mom and the world's most reliable
mom I love her mom are you there oh okay
okay okay take that back
guys look at Jackie's background on her
phone a lot look that's me
she made me model and now I'm her
background I didn't force her to put it
or anything
God okay so if you're wondering why I'm
in target it's because my lips have
gotten so used to chapstick it's so bad
yeah it's really bad I can't go more
than like 20 or 30 minutes without
chapstick because my lips get really
chat so I left my chapstick in the car
so I'm in target right now to buy a
chapstick just for this small trip I
can't make it okay I'll just buy for its
peace Wow
so I just wasted six dollars and 40
cents I could've buy iPhone 7 with six
other first junkies out then really take
out the million of it over so yeah guys
I can't make it like a now without chat
six and I don't buy it guys oh my god so
excited
it's so bad god I really can't go more
than like 10 minutes without putting
chances I bring it I bring it down to
the gym with me I bring one to school
everyone to the mall I bring one
everywhere and now that I forgot one in
my car I couldn't even last 20 minutes
without it so that's actually bad my
lips just got super used to it I do have
to keep the receipt because after I use
I'm just gonna return it I'm just joking
I should but I'm not that scummy for the
fans out here that were your very first
fans
put this everywhere what was something
that me and Brandon used to be obsessed
with the very very first time with cough
drops
because I knew the answer we used to be
obsessed and addicted to college jobs
like I'm telling you that we would buy a
bag every maybe two days and go through
it I don't know why I like horses Booker
laughs he would buy me like three we
treated it we treated it like candy
no we treated it like if it was fruit
flavor it was candy and it was mint
flavor that was breath mints and it was
so bad okay guys so I guess the guy who
works at the phone screen fixing company
is on some weird break there's no sign
up that said he's on a break
like there's and then even the lady
working next to him said I don't know
where he is I guess he's on a break the
one at the next kiosk she's the second
time we checked we checked first he
wasn't there we went to Target came back
and he still wasn't there but it doesn't
say he's on a break so I don't know
where he is and it's getting late the
mall closes in like an hour a little
over an hour so
we'll see Oh No
Wow I'm so jealous of that kid who got a
haircut I wish that was neat
escalator another work we got to put
these puppies to use let's go babe let's
go yeah I got so jealous of that camera
just got a haircut I love your cut so
much
we're gonna get you
I love choosing for her because it's
pretty much like I'm choosing for myself
because I get to see them every day so I
chose her bras last time but I want to
choose the bottom now
you have to pay for it though miss
joking guys so I know I said I'll wait
till my phone gets picked for Friday
8:00 but I need to get cookies right now
so this is my appetizer cookie oh
they're called nibblers that's what
they're called guys I know I thought set
out a way to get my phone screen big
before I ate but there's one problem
we got sushi here sexy girlfriend there
we got to Philly cheese six coming up
there making it first right now and
twelve cookies and then we're still
getting the hot fries we have to keep it
amalga
I know my waters going to be done we
upped it we have to actually buy water
I am mr. Crabb I told you we had Philly
cheesesteaks coming up I think the
cheese should have been a little know
that she should have been a little more
melted but we're all good it looks bomb
so much food we should I just got the
hot fries right now what you have to
baby I know my girlfriend hates when I
do this but I have to season her food
brother pull the camera babe please
anything for you
excess all normal sort of my stop light
super extra light no solvers life no
song no that's not options like you're
gonna give me kidney stone said light
you get life
I can see the diabetes maybe that came
out for extra too much sauce Oh
Floyd our peppers extra no no extra no
no like medium rare medium extra light
here for what is seasoning we don't
charge it's free
Hey
so we're sitting here we're having a
good time we're eating smiling you know
rub them all together on a date and then
Jackie reminded me
have another controversy
test tomorrow
this is not good no bueno if you know
what that means because you won't
believe it
just look
you would not believe it look at what
just happened so my phone was in my lap
right it's still not working I never got
it fixed and it fell on the floor off my
lap and fell onto the floor and I
stepped on the I was like fuck this
piece of shit phone I stepped on it cuz
I was gonna go get it fixed anyway so I
just I just stepped on it like whatever
I was just like whatever I'm going at it
anyway so I stepped on it like for fun
just in front of Jackie and I pick it up
after I stepped on it really hard and
it's working
and I'm just like I don't know so
obviously I'm still going to get it
checked out because it was super fucked
up but for now it's actually working
what did I do to it I literally stomped
on it so hard two times
but yeah guys we're screwed for tomorrow
we're just out here having a good time
eating and Jackie hates me with babe
remember we have a test tomorrow and a
report guys I am extremely
and shark pissed off upset I don't know
what to say right now so you know how I
phoned just randomly golf fix so I was
looking over the text messages that I
missed last night right and I had a
couple messages from this guy that I
play basketball without the gym and it
was late I got 11 p.m. that he sent them
so I was like this is kind of weird so
right now when I just thought the
messages is my phone Estate's guess what
the messages said just guess he he
straight-up hit me up and said hey bro
Kevin Durant cuz you know how the world
the Warriors right now are in San Diego
they were down in San Diego and you
wouldn't believe it I guess they were at
this bowling alley literally two minutes
from my home two minutes away there's a
bowling alley right at my house and so
my friend from the gym hit me up and he
was like hey bro
so Kevin Durant draymond Green and Ian
Clark are at the bowling alley let's go
say what's up he called me two times he
texted me two times but my phone was
broken so I couldn't get any messages
and I'm I texted him back right now I
was like bro are you fucking kidding me
so obviously I'm not a Warriors fan but
anytime you get a chance to meet not
just NBA players but Kevin Durant
draymond Green NBA all-stars right next
to my house like two minutes away and
this is a couple of days after Kevin
Durant was yeah Kevin Durant was
actually at a hookah lounge right across
the street from my house couple days ago
we have to to go longe like honestly two
minutes away from my house but nobody
knew until after he left because I guess
he didn't let the owner post a picture
child after he left him didn't want a
huge crowd so I missed that chance to
meet Kevin Durant and then yesterday I
guess they were right across the street
from my house at the bowling alley and
of course my phone damn so first of all
shout out Jesse because of all people he
hit me up to go with him but ya guys
know obviously I'm not a warriors hand I
don't like the Warriors but any any time
you get a chance to meet NBA players you
jump on that so
what thing thank God look what great
timing for my phone to break I was
looking at those text and I'm just like
are you kidding me this cannot be real
so I missed the chance to meet then but
oh well right everything happens for a
reason right
that's ugh guys this is how you go down
the escalator when you're in a
relationship guys my couple minutes of
fun ended it's back to not working and
the guys still not at the shop I don't
know where he's at but still not here
why didn't my phone tease me like that
why did I why did I have to work for
literally five minutes and then stop
working
no the fingerprint works but you can't
do anything after that your fingerprints
guys but doesn't that suck I'm sure you
wore your fan if I was a warrior's fan I
was fucking I would be so upset right
now I'm already upset right now just cuz
imagine a fight it works
Oh wonderful fuck how did snatch it away
shows on my Twitter but I'm joking but
what the fuck is so Christine excellent
guys like I don't know if those were
sons players and I miss an opportunity
like that I would fucking cry I would
cry I swear could you imagine a random
vlog with fucking Kevin Durant and
draymond Green like imagine my thumbnail
I don't know that she's just crazy but I
didn't get to meet them my phone was
broken so wait why was I doing wrong
he's right there Riley's right there
okay guys okay guys so Riley to the
rescue hopefully because this other dude
who works at the other phone screen
fixing place who is actually a huge fan
of my videos and he hooked it up last
time fixing backbone ski and he's
actually right here Riley
like guys shout out he's right here say
what's up to the vlog actually can't
actually came here to guys you know
what's weird so when the worker
downstairs for the shop downstairs when
the worker kept not showing up Jackie
was like oh you should just hit up Riley
because in case you don't know Riley is
a huge fan of my videos and I met him
over here before I met him a ton of
times
we're like homies now I follow my
snapchat Instagram but it started out by
him just saying I want your video and
she was like why don't you just hit up
Riley he might be working and I was like
I would but I can't get into my phone
and right when I said that I turn around
and he's sitting right literally right
there alone were Blue Rose worker rose
were true we were just waiting for the
guy downstairs and we didn't even think
about it my friend my homie Riley works
here and as soon as she's like oh you
should hit up Riley I'm like my phone
doesn't work I can't open it boo he's
right there so
things happen for a reason I'm still
waiting for the reason that my phone
broke so I couldn't meet all those
warrior players but I guess we'll figure
that reason out soon so Reilly's getting
my phone done shout out to the homie
Riley my clumsy ass has actually tracked
my phone a couple of times and this is
Riley second time fixing it I had been
in Matt over here at the mall a couple
of times at the Del Mar fair I just ran
into him a bunch of times so I'm just
like hey you're a pretty big fan let me
just get your snapchat Instagram so and
then now we're cool he's hooking it up
with a phone screen we are finally
getting the fries guys this is how you
know I consume small too much so when I
ordered the prize they supposed to ask
for your name right and instead he goes
oh you're Brandon right and I'm like yes
they memorize my name at this Half Price
you're hot up close I'm serious
I like your hair curly fries Jaken
now you look like jack-in-the-box curly
five guys so I just made my MBA channel
video shout out to you guys who are sub
to this channel under eighty three
thousand subs shout out to people who
have watched this video only seven
hundred sixty-eight people so far oh no
let's see make art attention whore ray
yeah sticky glue Dro sticky glue jnm
gaming tray a manual can con basic stuff
Omar shoutout to all you guys watching
this video already
okay guys shout out to Josh apparently
he watching my videos the worker right
here at potato corn and so he hooked it
up I ordered a small fries and look gave
us the biggest size we are going to die
Kega oh my god uh-oh
anyway shout out to Josh thank you we
appreciate it
say what you do I explain sets on
Jackie's shoes and listen what she told
me in Spanish care about about oh what
the fuck does that mean I assume that
means fuck you
now the runny nose starts then the sweat
starts eat it eat it eat it guys shout
out to Riley once again my phone is
working perfectly fine so he did a great
job dang it why did he have to fix and
guys won one last thing I wanted to say
because if you've been watching me for a
long time you guys remember my best
friend ollie best friend since
kindergarten I love him to death you
guys have been asking all the senior why
hasn't he been in your videos recently
blah blah blah did you guys get a five
of all what happened no Ollie I love all
me and Ollie we've been best friends
since kindergarten we've never gone into
one fire in our life the the truth is he
he has a job he works and then he also
started going back to college he's
taking five college classes five so ever
since the cloud semester started he's
literally been living at school and work
and I feel bad for my just talked to the
other day I told my loving my miss him
we just talked today so he wants to say
on his behalf shoutout to the widest one
he wants to say he misses you guys and
yeah I just wanted to say that all the
if you're watching this I love you and I
miss you I can't wait till your winter
break so we could hang out more what is
up you guys Brandon here aka April
waters just to thank you guys so much
for watching this video I want to tell
you guys a little bit about this kind of
a new trend that I've kind of been doing
recently yes I'm sitting on the floor
because buzzy was sleeping here so my
chairs outside but recently because I
already post long vlogs all the time
like every day all the time every time I
post a vlog it's already long but I
started doing this thing on weekends on
Fridays and Saturday I now have been
posting really long vlogs such as this
on over 30 minutes long yesterday was a
40 minute one last week I posted a 47
minute one and I just figured because
every time I post a long video people
comment you know there's some people
coming oh this is so long I hate it but
then a majority of people say yay we
love the long vlogs thank you for
uploading a long vlog so I figure on
weekdays if I make like a 20-minute one
that's fine and then on the weekends if
I post a really long one because I feel
like people like that and they actually
have time to watch it so I'm gonna start
doing that for you guys on the weekends
I post it on Twitter and I was getting
really good feedback people were really
excited to watch long vlogs on the
weekends because they said that they get
their homework out the way or they don't
really
homework and obviously they don't have
schools so they enjoy watching the long
vlog
anyways if you're interested in
subscribing to my NBA channel I'm
uploading two videos on that channel
today so you got the one vlog here today
and then you're getting two MBA videos
on that channel so today is gonna be a
triple upload from Brevard estate I'm
dedicating this day to you guys anyways
thank you guys so much for watching and
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
