she gone shake it but um blows - she
gone shake it but um we'll kind of clip
to shake off shake it but
okay guys so I just got out of class
let's just say staying up till 3:00 in
the morning editing and then waking up
early to finish editing on a school
night is not the smartest idea Oh got my
basketball shoes on and it's time to go
play yes guys there is a lot of people
who text me they ask me they say bro you
have a game tonight why are you going to
go to the gym to play basketball just
relax until your game or just go do
something until your game and I say you
know what I'm just joking I said I love
basketball they say why do you go play
hours and hours of basketball at the gym
when you literally have a game a couple
hours after you stop playing and I'm
just like honestly I love basketball so
we're gonna go play now and then we're
also gonna go play again in a couple
hours for my game guys don't even ask me
why I do this to myself
I don't know why I do this to myself
going to the gym to play hours and hours
and hours of basketball when I have a
game to knock my knees and ankles are so
sore I hear my ankle yesterday and this
just made it worse
okay see I don't learn my lesson so now
I'm super sore my legs are done and I
have a game tonight but Jack said she's
coming over to give me a massage so i'm
hyped with that so she's going to be
anything i need to hop in the shower
because i just got back from playing
meth well guys book so yesterday when i
was playing i played a ton and i heard
my inkling like my legs were sore and
then today I bumped knees with this dude
I shouldn't have played today I swear I
should have just waited to my game guys
let this be a warning from me if you
have a game don't go to the gym
literally right before your game and
play for hours all guys the number is
the number fell off of my Jersey the
number that we ironed on when we put the
jersey in the washer it fell off we
didn't iron it on correctly or maybe the
washer was just too strong I don't know
but the number fell off so and if you
play without a number that's a technical
foul not only is it a technical foul but
they also give the other team three
points so I need to figure that out
either by another number
I just tape it I could put like black
tape on my Jersey why she's getting
ready for Halloween look at me uh you're
already a pumpkin like this because your
head is so round okay fine you're the
people the ones that wear you know the
red and then they have the black a from
the UK Basel you want to go out guys my
dad the lifesaver is looking for black
tape because like I said my jersey
number fell off and we don't have enough
time to go buy one from the store babe
why we don't have enough fun we don't
have enough time to buy them from the
store so I'm just gonna tape a number on
my Jersey and hopefully they don't
penalize me why Eric Booker hey ho
you're so cute
okay dad we don't have regular black
this is galaxy tape do we have regular
black or no cuz i yeah I'll use white
dad I think it was right here
okay guys I'm just gonna use white tape
Oh dad it's right here I'll use it thank
you
it's a medical tape what I use hamam
would you mind if I give all your
stuffed animals to charity no I'm I want
to give them to Children's Hospital guys
my mom and Jackie are cleaning out the
whole garage but mom I say leave the
plans
hey no the panda panda panda panda pin
pin look guys do you see that trophy the
one on the left I got a trophy for being
fifth place out of six teams when I was
a little kid six teams fifth place
I was second worst where them
Bosley ways Jackie
cuz she said look how cute I was now let
me tell you look how big of a liar she
is local in the picture you call that Q
I look like Josh Peck hey thank you
thank you very much big pawsley is she
touching your toy to avoid the technical
foul we really they give you zero see
dad hey I want to do it no see guys I
tell you can dude nobody ever lets me do
work no matter what nobody lets me do
anything because it always ends up wrong
they always no matter what I try to do
they say oh it's gonna come out wrong
how much faith on there we are eighth
seed we are one into one wins two losses
I don't even know what this team name
means guys if you haven't been with me
from the beginning of this basketball
season I did not make this team I didn't
know I was playing on this team I just
got picked up literally the day before
the season started there it is leading
oh my god they spelled my last name
wrong
it's Brandon a and they took a picture
of me to put it on the website so that
should be able to see like I said I
don't know what this team name means but
we are 11 we're playing we're playing
unlimited range oh the team were playing
is 3 & 1 3 wins and 1 loss is against 1
& 2
let's go oh whoa wait hold on what is it
called statue no what is the things
called the white things that UE
the fluffy things oh my god
marshmallow yeah guys look my dad just
made me number square number sequence
real zeroes you see I'm number squared
I'm spongebob no that's 100 you guys
good word William it's William cool oh
you look like Swilley okay guys here oh
I like this mean the middle everybody
run to got the cancer oh here I can put
it here okay
prediction time so for those of you who
are new to this season or series before
every game I have them predict how many
points on this court whether we're going
to win or lose and how many points we
are going to win or lose by so far
nobody's got all of those right combined
so let's give you a little background so
you know what's up today we're playing a
team that has three wins and one loss
pay attention three wings and one lock
they're the second best team in the
league we have one win and two losses
okay
I am the leading scorer of the league
surprisingly I don't know how but I'm
averaging 21 points a game so it's just
20 months and in case you don't know it
in the nicest way um I don't have the
best team in the league for example last
week I swear 22 points and the rest of
the seven players on my team combined
scored six points no way yeah
twenty-eight points as a team I had 23 I
swear to god Brian
so no shut up and I'm just crying shut
up City I'm just saying if I look okay
answer the question to everyone comments
why named Brian play why did I ask Brian
to play he turned down my offer I just
have to find that laughing okay are we
winning or losing
when when by how many points for four
and how many are we score how many am i
scoring 20 20 okay I'm gonna say money
more with six assists wait how am I
gonna I teammates court like one shot
again I think you're gonna win though
you're gonna be the upset okay and
that's the questions that win by Sequoia
win by two and I'm fine I'm 24 and with
closing life you guys are gonna win Wow
I know you're gonna lose fuck you mom
well fuck the truth okay welcome gonna
lose by 6 oh and you're gonna have 19
out so Brian has me scoring below my
season average and have this little off
ok mom hmm I'm sorry to say you're gonna
score only 18 but even you guys gonna
win oh that's fine with me
I've told Jackie but when by 4 guys
believe it or not I told Jackie a
million times if we win the game on
final scoring 0 points and people ask me
mama some people in the comments they
say bro pass the ball pass the ball yeah
they say bog except for the fact that my
teammates grabbed me in the corner
before the game and say hey it's no
secret you're our best player shoot the
ball and please win this game for a
state they tell me they stay even texted
me last week one of them text me saying
hey we want to make the playoffs and not
every team makes the playoffs so can you
please try to take over the games and
try to win for us they admitted they say
we know we don't have the most talent
they said we know we're not the most
talented team so we're relying on you so
for everybody who calls me a ball hog
you could talk to my teammates about
that but they pretty much told me hey go
ball hogs and I still try to pass them
but outcome doesn't come out too well
so nonetheless it is time to hit the
road guys we have huge news now the
pressure on me just got a million times
more because I already had 1.1 million
people watching me plus Jackie's and now
we have to add three and a half million
people
aka subscribers watching me because
I'm going the man I'm uh
oh yeah and five million subs the man
who carries three and a half million
subs on his back and the man who um used
to be good at basketball the man who
used to play basketball consistently but
had to retire early I don't know what he
is coming to the game yes Brian is
coming to watch me play
I jokingly went up to him and I was like
Brian do you want to watch me play and
he was like yeah I'll come and I said
really
so Brian is coming to my game now I
cannot disappoint this has to be a
victory oh man Bay's run is going to be
at the game guys I'm high my girlfriend
and my brother out to support fourth
game of the season
whatever my team name is called tax
something I'm not trying to pronounce it
about ago two and two trying to go two
wins and two losses and this isn't you
it is actually a huge game for us
because not every team makes the
playoffs I think you have to be
topstitch baby so if we lose and we fall
to one win and three losses that's a
huge huge difference one win and three
losses compared to two and two so yeah
guys I actually got the text again today
from my teammates shoutout Matt but he
texted me he said remember what I told
you last week we want to make the
playoffs
so once again yeah Brian where your OBO
stand what if you hide this bitch okay
oh sorry mom sorry I didn't know you
were there I didn't know you were there
I'm serious I always get in trouble yeah
guys I don't know babe so yeah he texts
me earlier today he's like bro we're
relying on you take over the game we
want to go - and - and I have no problem
with that like I said I hate to lose I
hate losing and I love I love taking on
challenges so a lot of people look at it
as oh fuck I don't want to play on this
team my teammates ugh
I look at it as my teammates are
willingly accepting that they're not
that good so they're asking me to win
games for them and I want to see how far
we can go so I'm taking on this
challenge guys now that I think about it
that's low key a lot of pressure imagine
getting a text from your teammates who
all work together they all work in a
company together I'm the only one who
doesn't work with them because like I
said I wasn't even supposed to play this
season but I was just at the gym
randomly and the dude came up to me he's
like hey do you want to play with us
you know I don't really know who you are
but I've seen you play before you so can
you imagine getting texts from these
guys that you barely know being like hey
man our company wants to make the
playoffs we're relying on you to win
this game so it's a lot of pressure but
like I said a million times I love
basketball and I love winning basketball
games so I'm accepting the challenge I'm
gonna do my best to take this work
company who are my new friends my new
homies to the playoffs and we'll see
there's ten games also there is so a
long way to go this is only the fourth
game but still every game is important
when you started out oh and two Noro and
two and then we won last week it was a
super close game so now we're one
winning two losses just like that Brian
was actually supposed to be on the scene
because when I was at the gym and the
dude randomly asked me to play and it
was super last minute he actually had
told me he's like oh and we need one
more player if you know anybody was down
to play so you know I fucking race home
and I was like Brian we need one more
player and Brian told me he'll let me
know in a little because it was super
last minute so he didn't know like he
wanted to play or not
and by the time Brian gave me his answer
the other guy had already found not just
one other player but two other players
so the team was already filled but I
will actually wanted Brian to play and
that there was one open spot but Brian
just took too long to the side so by
that time everybody else had already
paid the money to play so Brian now
can't be on the team but I'll make a
team with him next league I'm down to
play with Brian he drove a separate car
just in case he has to leave early he
says he doesn't think he will but just
in case because I'm pretty sure Brian
got fucking lost I don't see him behind
me or anywhere near Brian you dumbass
what are you wait which way did you go
no way take the wrong way oh yeah no
that's fine oh yeah just keep bleep okay
make that put the thing in the
navigation what is it called
okay Brian I'll see you
Brian always has to pull some Swiper no
swiping sneaky shit I don't know guys we
walk in and Brian already met Brian
already met a fan right there he has
even he just got here and he already met
a fan hey I don't know which court were
on I'm guessing on the last floor I has
no idea but our game starts my sentence
subdued you're in the vlog say what's up
what's your name I'm Yuqing Nathan you
play for Seoul I'm not you oh really
guys they don't let just anybody play
with them so that means good they watch
our videos shout-out to you guys from me
and Brian where's he going
wait let me tell you guys one minute
before my game starts and I'm heavily
regretting playing basketball earlier
today my legs are so dead I like to
Sarah
you
yeah baby
Oh
wait why do I look like a fucking turtle
soaked up piss yes I love my mater he
got
go go babe how did he happen to get
injured so bad like from how hard you
play
I love when he gets so angry and okay
look if he makes these two that's gonna
be four already he needs to make whoo
shit Wow what's supportive
Oh
get it get it
he gets so pissed
I'm at it already
this are my favorite time to pop pages
in to Vienna
Oh Brian I literally just go heat it
all right that was right
the fucking reason oh my
they were tied
gah babe hey don't do that
she looks so hot when he's mad look
you
I'm so I'm so confused where the ball is
chilling
what I have 21 Wow go back
Oh
you
go babe
break his ankle
that I owe her
18 to 20
you
oh you're not you're the best and you're
hot young said I'm the worst you like to
lie
crying you have to say go baby cuz just
for the love ya do it
all right now though but next time you
have too long
finally
Oh baby
32 to 19
Oh
you've heard even
that's how they wept before thee
oh my god
Baggett's I'm getting
Thanks
it's not me
Wow
I've been looking so bandage
it
you
you
Cheers
is
Oh
you have to say go baby
why the gears motherfuckin
where's cheerleader haha guys holy shit
I am beyond pissed off right now
not at my teammates not at the rest but
at myself like I played like shit I
think I put up like 15 points but look
this is my problem okay so the dude that
was guarding me was playing really good
defense I even I went up to him after
the game I was like good D bro and then
during the game I was like I was like
you're playing good like he was he was
locking me down he was playing good
defense I'm pretty sure he's watch me
playing he saw that I was leading the
leading scorer on the league so he
wanted to guard me and so I was telling
my team I was like can you guys please
set me pigs please set pigs because in
case you don't know your basketball what
happens when you set a pig they switch
meaning somebody else has to guard me
and in the least cockiest way the other
players on their team were not good
defenders so I kept calling for pigs and
I don't think my team knows what a pig
is either they were like they just
didn't feel like doing it or they they
didn't know what a pig I don't know so
that guy was guarding me I'm surprised I
dropped 15 points as he was actually he
was playing good defense
he definitely has watched me play before
because he knew my game bro and our
rebounding was terrible like I can't do
anything about that I'm playing up top
we got three people down low we got
killed on the boards that's why I was
pissing me off because the opposing team
would miss their shots and then we just
could not grab a rebound for the death
of us we could not grab a rebound at all
they missed their shots
offensive board offensive board
offensive board I'm just like and I
don't know it makes no sense because our
team is not that small our team is
decent in size so we need to put up a
better fight boxing out we need to be
more aggressive on the boards I don't
know and then the refereeing
holy shit reps if you're watching this
fuck you that's all I have to say okay
these this was the first time that these
reps were repping our games but they
already have a bad rep from the other
other courts that they prefer read on it
but I never knew was this bad are you
fucking kidding me
excuse my excuse my language but
one of the plays here let me let me give
it to you quote by quote okay I got
pulled down by the neck and the guy also
hit the ball so he had one arm around my
neck and one on the ball now on my
basketball fans what do you call that
hint it's called a foul
so the ref called a jump ball and I
politely went up to him and I said Ref
he had his arm around my neck and he
said yeah but you guys get tangled up
with the ball and I was like yeah I
understand the ball part but but that
doesn't mean he's allowed to have his
arm around my neck he's like oh sorry I
was watching the ball I wasn't really
looking at the bodies are you fucking
kidding please don't tell me the rest
get paid to do this job he really said
oh I wasn't watching the bodies I was
watching the ball my girlfriend could
have watched the ball Bryan could have
watched the ball help anybody on the
court could be watching the ball the
refs are supposed to be watching bro I
don't know he really said oh well I
didn't see that I was watching the ball
not not the body's like holy shit there
are multiple times I got here and they
just didn't call it I think I don't know
but I'm not blaming this on the refs
although they were terrible this was
just I'm putting this on me I fuck I
should not have played earlier today I
knew my ankle was sore I ended up
bumping knees with somebody and just
overall tired like I'm putting the sauce
on me my team is now one in three we
lost so
I told them after the game I was like
this is my bad I'll put on me they're
just like no it's fine you know we
should have done better and I was like
no this is this is my fungus on me so oh
well guys that game I fucking hated so
yeah guys it turns out that the dude
that was guarding me first laughing his
name was Mike I don't remember exactly I
asked him after the game but it turns
out he is the second leading scorer in
the league so he's the dude that is
behind me so apparently the second-best
player in that league was guarding me
and me just tell you he was actually
really really good at defense so yes
guys I do wish there was one other
player on the team who could help me out
with scoring because for games like this
one a really good player on the opposite
team is guarding me I just wish that
there was someone else on our team who
can help take over but I mean there
isn't and I have to take on the
challenge of me being the leader I have
to take on the challenge of me being the
leading scorer on the league and I can't
complain this is my team every single
loss we take is on me and I just feel
like a huge failure after losing this
game I keep reading the text of my that
my teammates sent me before the game
saying hey dude can you try to win this
game for us we're relying on you blah
blah blah I keep reading that text over
and over again and I just feel like a
huge fucking failure I feel like I let
my team down I feel like I let my
teammates down and I feel like even
though we were the worst team playing a
better team I just I still feel like we
should have won every game I try to play
I feel like we should win and I just
feel like I let my team down so I'm
really upset with myself and I'm really
beating myself up over this loss even
though I played decent it doesn't matter
because we lost whether I scored 15 20
25 or 30 we lost and that's all that
matters so I'm really upset with myself
and it just sucks when your teammates
are relying on you yeah a lot of people
could say oh well your teammates should
play better you play good I don't care
it doesn't matter my teammates relied on
me and I let them down so let me just
address this because there was a comment
in my on my other basketball video cuz
when I play basketball okay I yell a lot
I scream a lot I'm extremely passionate
I'm really into the game and I always
scream I scream either fuck or fuck me
or I fucking suck okay I do that a lot
I'm just really really into the zone
when I'm on the basketball court
so let me just clear this up because
someone commented on my last basketball
video saying bro you should clear this
up because when you yell on the court it
looks like you're yelling at your
teammates he said that he knows I'm
yelling at myself because he plays
basketball as well and he's really
passionate but he said some people might
take it the wrong way and think that I'm
yelling at my teammates and I didn't
even think about it that way so let me
just clear this up when I play I tend to
yell Allah and scream a lot and it is
not directed towards my teammates it is
me yelling at myself that is Brandon
Awad is yelling at Brandon awardees he
said that he knows and a lot of people
could tell that it's just me yelling at
myself but he said that I should clear
it up just in case some people think I'm
yelling at my teammates no that is
absolutely horrible at that is not me
yelling at my teammates so if you see in
the game footage me screaming fuck or or
just yelling that is bruh wadis yelling
at bruh wat is that is me beating myself
down that is me getting mad at myself
because I made a stupid play because I
want to win the game for my teammates
they tell me that they want me to win
the game for them so when I make a
stupid play I get really angry with
myself and I yell at myself and I I get
pissed at myself so if you hear me
yelling during the games yes I know it's
a little crazy and the rest always tell
me to shut the fuck up but it is not me
yelling at my teammate is me yelling at
myself and only myself actually what I
do for my teammates is even though they
take a batch out or even if they miss a
wide-open shot or even if they play
really bad defense all I do is encourage
them if they take a shot whether they
make it or miss it you know what I say I
say good shot good shot if they play
defense if they try to play defense
whether they play good or bad I say good
deep if they try to get a rebound
whether they rebound the ball or don't
rebound it I say good board good box-out
I always try to get it into their head
that they're playing really good because
that works in basketball as as much as
basketball is talent it is just as much
mental so when you hear someone telling
you a good shot even if you miss it
it'll it'll get in your head and you'll
start playing better you will not start
playing better if you hear your teammate
yell at you or tell you a what the fuck
are you doing so it never hit me that
some people might think that I'm yelling
on my own teammates which I'm not that
is absolutely horrible
I actually always try to encourage my
teammates if you see me on the court I'm
always giving high fives and I try to be
a leader for my team I try to encourage
them to shoot more I try to you know
even if it's a bad shot I just try to
get in their head and say a good shot
you know take that shot next time you'll
make it next time I mean it hasn't
worked so far this season but I try my
best to tell them I can't complain the
roster set we can't add any more players
and we just gotta hope for the best next
time a lot of people do comment on my
videos saying bro
your team is not really good like you
need to get some help well we can get
help that the roster is set everybody on
the team has paid our spots are filled
so this is gonna be our team if we want
to win games I need to play better guys
wow I am pissed off right now maybe I
shouldn't be vlogging right now babe I'm
gonna need a lot of like a lot of thing
to feel better right now yeah this is
when we get better upstairs but that's
beyond my point guys I am extremely
pissed I told myself I wouldn't record
me talking about the game till the next
day just because I don't want to say
anything I shouldn't I'm gonna control
myself all I'm gonna say is ok at least
my girlfriend know something feel better
all I'm gonna say is I'm extremely
pissed off I don't like to lose
basketball games especially babe cos
she's trying to tease me but I'm trying
to record apart I don't like to lose
basketball games I really don't I do not
like losing like I don't mind losing
anything in life but I just don't like
losing basketball games I take pride in
that nothing can make me as mad as
basketball and nothing can make me as
happy as I saw like when I get a bad
grade in school like yes I'm upset and
I'm mad but the level of mad I get when
playing basketball is like a whole other
level so all you sport fanatics who play
sports and watch sports you guys
understand if you know there's gonna be
hard for you to understand but I'm
pissed off i watch this
the newest phase member what are you
playing
oh wait tell them why you tell them
while you chose to be Kerby like what
wait what's his name or her name her
name is Courtney Kirby with Abby say it
Kirby I've never seen Jackie play video
game this is hilarious
hey it's Kirby your favorite what levels
DK its training mode you cheater cheater
I was like wizened DK hitting back
hey what
what's the fat pink things name guys
look at my mom being fake so my dad went
to sleep and my mom is showing me and
Jackie videos that she secretly took of
my dad when he fell asleep look how loud
he snores mom he's gonna do the car
thing for her
my mom said look like a car when you're
trying to start it
like my engine oh my god my dad's asleep
right here upstairs oh my gosh it sounds
like Bosley let me see your lips and in
order for the family is a cilantro thank
you my god it's the next morning and
guess who's still not over losing that
game this dude right here
I just keep reading over the text that
my teammates sent me before the game
saying hey dude let's get this victory
we're relying on you I hope you can take
over the game and get this win I just
keep reading over the text and I feel
like such a failure like fuck I oh but I
will give it to the guy who was guarding
he was actually he was a really tough
defender he was for sure the toughest
guy I played against so far this season
and I actually looked it up and he was
the one who's the second leading scorer
on the league he was the one so I never
knew that going into the game but it
turns out guy who was guarding me was
actually the second second leading
scorer in the league so oh well I'll get
over this loss over time maybe it'll
take a ton our next game maybe it'll
take on to our next win but I will get
over this loss eventually do I wish I
had a little bit of a better team of
course who doesn't do I wish I had at
least one more player who could help me
score when games like this when I'm
being guarded by the second best player
in the league yes of course who doesn't
but the fact is I don't and I told my
teammates I'm willing to accept the
challenges of me leading this team and
so I'm gonna accept the challenge and
you know in the least offensive way I'm
not trying to be mean but my teammates
are pretty older older than me so the
skill and talent their talent isn't
going to get better so I try to make
them better by every single shot they
take even if they may even if they air
ball no matter what I just a good shot
good shot or when they try to play
defense even if it's not that good I say
good D I try to be a leader on the court
and you know even when they play bad
tell them that they're playing good so
far hasn't worked but I'm gonna keep
doing that I'm never gonna down my
teammates I'm never gonna be like what
are you doing well yeah yellow law but
it's never ever at my teammates and it's
never after they miss it's always after
I miss because I get really pissed on
myself I myself I feel like I shouldn't
make any mistakes
episode
