okay so normal people when my dad is
cooking food you know one weights over
here the other is just walking around
and you know Dennis and then you have
Bosley who waits literally at the feet
Bosley give him some space you know baby
got a nice ala he's praying
he's praying praying praying that a
piece falls on the floor so he could
snatch it up with his mouth donuts are
they made out of prime rib and then we
have a boy of solder but what Dennis
what what a duo
it's like Shaq and Kobe you got one
cooking the food and then passes it down
and my mom cuts it wait quick question
for everybody so why is everyone on
Twitter talking about like all the
biggest sporting event is about to show
up and the biggest one event of the year
is about to be here when the son's game
already finished earlier this morning I
don't understand all I go on Twitter and
everyone's talking about oh the biggest
game is almost here and everyone's
talking about the game but the son's
game already finished like two hours ago
so I don't understand you know I know
what else would they be talking about
there's only one important sporting
event today the Phoenix Suns all right
oh wait today's Sunday February 4 so
maybe they're talking about something
that church oh wait nevermind it's the
freakin Superbowl guys the one and only
forty-year-old MVP that don't the
Patriots remind you of the Spurs Tim
Duncan is Tom Brady and Popovich is
Belichick so guys all day I've been
getting asked who do you think is gonna
win the Super Bowl I want to see Philly
win it just because for one I love the
underdog role I love when an underdog
comes in and you know shocks everybody
and wins it all no hate to Patriot fans
out there respect only but we've seen
the Patriots win it time and time again
it would be refreshing to see a new team
hold up that trophy and want more of a
underdogs story would it be then for a
nick foles you know backup quarterback
only playing because Carson once is
injured to beat the legend NFL MVP Tom
Brady everything is cut up it looks
really really good and it tastes really
really good
you got the vlog behind the vlog the
shout-out to my dad for cooking this dad
thank you I think you met for dinner so
I think the best chef in San Diego and
the best cutter in San Diego and the
best eater in San Diego but really mom
don't take right away you made the salsa
you made the guac dad is that true or no
did she lied to me no oh really
I'm telling you Shaq and Kobe in the
kitchen let's check up on the score
22:19 eagles are winning so there's
gonna be a high-scoring game first of
all my parents doing a thumbnail YouTube
channel almost have 1 million YouTube
subscribers any time I see them vlog or
like take thumbnail just I don't know it
just always makes me laugh it's so crazy
so we missed Roscoe's commercial because
we were playing basketball so good thing
TVs have rewind nowadays that's my boy
biggie Nick young guys this is so funny
usually Bosley faces this way and he
watches us to play basketball but I
guess he actually knows the event look
he's watching the Super Bowl
dad wait wait Dennis is that the first
time you ever made any life puzzle your
brain is so small look look guys New
England is up by one two and a half
minutes left in the fourth quarter this
has been such a good Super Bowl hey when
our team is not in the Super Bowl days
all you could wish for just ask for a
good game and that's what we got so far
and touchdown oh my heart if all the
Eagles fan or Patriots in my heart would
literally be beating out of my jacket
right now
chess and then two-digit yes okay so
they're actually now reviewing the
touchdown it looks like it's 50/50 we
honestly we don't know if it's a
touchdown or if you dropped it it's so
hard to tell but the ref is gonna make
his decision let all the conspiracy
theories start this is so close if all
the rest in this position right now for
the Super Bowl I'll be going crazy I
want to know what to say I'll just ask
for some money from either team I'll see
who offers more Belichick or Peterson
touchdown that's crazy yeah this is for
all the people the conspiracy theories
that the Patriots pay off the revs I
think if that was true then they would
have overturned this touchdown
you gave Brady the ball with over two
minutes left
that's a lot of time for someone I was
good as Tom Brady oh my god Tom Brady
just fumbled Brian what did you just ask
me you said this Tom Brady feel
pressured and I said yes he does Brian
just asked me he said I know this is Tom
Brady so he's used to the moment but do
you think he feels a little bit of
pressure Dennis said no he said it's Tom
Brady he doesn't feel pressured I said
yes he does I told Dennis it doesn't
matter if you're Tom Brady LeBron James
like it doesn't matter who you are in a
Super Bowl or for example in the NBA
Finals you got to feel a little bit
nervous no matter what and it just
showed right here how much you wanna bet
there's gonna be the Internet's next big
meme you know how on Twitter there's
always phases for memes like they go
through phases this Tom Brady sit down
after the fumbles gonna be the
Internet's next big meme watch so Bosley
watches the whole first half and he
falls asleep for the fourth quarter
supposed to be the opposite way around
Bosley seven seconds left oh that's game
this is the game right here and oh my
Hail Mary is not answered game over
Philly is your Super Bowl champions free
Meek Mill Congrats to Philly hey Jo
Ellen beat is probably going crazy now
Congrats to Philly
Eagles Superbowl champions now free Meek
Mill yo guys this way this is such a
weird angle yo guys this upcoming part
of the video that it's about to
transition to it's not from today this
was actually a couple of days ago when
me and Jessica made of
together this all happened right after
that video when we were taking a
thumbnail and what happened in these
upcoming clips how scary was it it was
like so scary to the point where like I
didn't even use it in a video and still
to this day I never use it because for
the simple fact that I didn't even want
to edit the clips I didn't even want to
put the clips into my computer because I
was so freaked out over like I don't
want to see it again so but I finally
decided you know let me just man up and
put the clips in the video so the next
part you're about to see guys it is not
from today just happened a couple of
days ago and it was just crazy
so let me know what you guys think about
all I swear a lot be nice throw a light
I'm not going guys no I swear to God no
one came in here hold on oh my god yes
oh I swear to God running for the doors
that you can hold on numbers we're all
running out and just after we take the
thumbnail do not spray I'm going first
no mean you go first leave just a little
glad you saw nobody wait
yeah there's the same room at the
bathtub turned on by itself the water
the water turned off I talked like a
couple days ago I swear test I swear
way can you still finish the joke no no
do the thumbnail hey you wonder why no
one sleeps in this room and it's just
empty even those the master bedroom
because it's scary guys think about it
this is the master bedroom
I'm also carry to the house and no one
sleeps in here oh yeah because I like
and the bathtub Syria because Nosferatu
is in here cuz the light turn on by some
I swear to God all my life we did rhyme
we're just talking about the freaking
light turn on and then you open it oh
yeah we're doing they're like oh record
this for fun yeah I swear to God we were
okay for thumbnail we were just gonna
take a picture you should and then I
said wait Dennis record the thumbnail
just for fun I don't know what made me
say that as we were filming the light
turn on and off imagine you got it on
camera not the liable oh yeah like I
didn't see house looking at them they
both Brian imagine if we just took a
picture picture that wouldn't have
happened look ghost always like when the
cameras filming they freakin I don't
know if they like clout no for me when
the camera is on nothing happens when it
turns off is when they do shit I turn it
on nothing
no for me I think they want to give me a
good video okay okay keep joking until
he comes and grabs you okay I'm gonna do
it again no I hate when people talk
about my cameras imagine when prying
open the door we all screen a total for
Brian just walks in to say what's up and
we all start screaming and saying I was
like oh Justin written are here
delightful let me go say hi
I wanted to move into the master bedroom
but no clothes a light yeah okay now we
just we just close this good boy
hey don't let me view about myself I
swear I swear to Times me adjustable saw
and we were reporting I'm telling you
guys the master bedroom it's the nicest
room in the whole house and none of us
sleep today there's a reason waiting for
you underneath the door look at it oh my
gosh where they look scary imagine you
just see walking away man I swear looks
like someone's in there I swear on my
life please I'm getting goosebumps
can you guys it looks like a freaky shit
that's good you see that looks like a
shadow okay
I love playing nose goes cuz I have the
biggest snow so it's always easy for me
to win it's what I can touch it from so
far hey no no dad okay I'll go with my
dad I'll come with you dad if you're
gonna go we can't let my dad go by
yourself oh and everyone hold on dad
before you go hey everyone we all know
whose fault it is that the house is
haunted right Brian if he didn't make a
million haunted videos wait dad I swear
it looks like if Brian day make five
million haunted videos from the old
house to this house then maybe wait is
the light off now dad is the light off I
swear to God I swear to God I swear to
God I surround my life please go look go
look under the door
Brian we didn't go inside the door
what's on now did you catch an eye on
them
nice that's for the guys I swear on my
life the light was off when we got
closer to the door now the light is on
now the light is on Brian
on my life it's on camera I was
recording the door the light was off
before we walked in before we met we
didn't walk into the door we didn't walk
in it was off it's on camera and now
it's on no buzzes over here okay then
how about we just leave the light on for
the night yeah can we all walk together
yeah
hey Bosley come here yeah it was it
turned off when we got closer
oh my god why my glass I see now you
could still see oh look guys
now you can see some look you see from
the corner when we came the first time
it frickin Hey no no the light is
O'Brien okay yeah no it was this one
that turned on and off this is the one
because we sat on the floor look look
how do you turn it on from here oh no no
no right here this is the one that
flickered on and off when we were doing
the thumbnail where's the switch
wait waited to switch for this life oh
no wait where's the switch for this way
that way there's no freakin guys look
please look okay so that's for this this
one it's this one this is booked wait
there's no suite why is no switch
working look again one it's for that
this is for this one try it no that's
for the big one
wait what
there's not even a switch how does it
turn what okay
how about instead of trying to crack
this code how about we leave how about
her
and go yeah no one okay one it's for
here let's see the more switches and two
is for the shower there's what up buzz
it's okay it's okay boy
it's okay boy I was recording the swing
I shouted I believe you because there's
no switch to even turn it on lays it
we'll check him here it's on oh my gosh
I wish I was recording dad what the hell
is going on
do you realize we were never supposed to
be filming this it for the thumb that we
were just gonna take a picture
I don't know what made me and Jess be
like a Dennis just filmed this yeah yeah
because we wanted to show the crews
picture that's it yeah oh my gosh none
of this would have even been on camera
it would have been recorded there's no
freaking switch in that room to even -
hold on guys there's no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
