guys I feel like shit um no I'm not sick
I'm not hurt I'm I feel like shit
because yesterday I promise you guys
that today's video would be an upload of
my basketball game and a lot of people
were excited a lot of people a ton of
you guys were tweeting me and messaging
me on Instagram saying oh I can't wait
for the game all that and I really do
feel like shit because today right now
all I have is a couple minutes look out
my backpack on I have to go really
really soon but I need to give you guys
this video because I am apologizing I'm
extremely sorry I cannot get that
basketball video up today I promise you
guys it'll be up tomorrow and you know I
feel really bad I was just gonna you
know not upload today and upload
tomorrow but I feel like at least I owe
you guys an explanation and an apology
for why I can't upload because a lot of
people were looking forward to it um I
actually have a test in like 20 minutes
I need to go to class look if you can't
I have my backpack on my keys in my
pocket I need to go but like I said I
owe you guys an explanation and an
apology so I have a test in my class and
it's extremely important because my
first test I got a bead so I need to do
good on this test because yes I know
Abby is really really good but I wanted
an A on that first test so I need to do
good on this test and then later tonight
at midnight well it has to be turned in
by midnight I have a report due
it's a typed report for the same class
so in one day we have a 50 question test
and then later on tonight we have a
report due on the computer right here so
I do that from home but anyways yeah
it's just a busy day and I I was going
to edit the video last night and then
upload it but I have to study last night
like I said this test is pretty big and
I want to get a good grade on it so I
spent all of last night studying and
then I'm going to obviously go take the
test and after that I have to write the
report and on top of that something came
up with my trip for Phoenix don't worry
you guys in Arizona that want to meet me
don't worry I'm still going I still have
my plane tickets I still have my tickets
for the game it's just something came up
but I have to deal with really quick
it's like some final details that came
out of nowhere I don't really want to
talk about it but don't worry I'm still
going but nonetheless I came more I have
to deal with it so you know I was just
going to not upload same randomly
uploaded tomorrow but I felt really bad
and I felt like I had to give you guys
an explanation and I am sorry because I
already feel really really bad when I
don't upload a video regularly and it's
even worse when when I promised and
upload today and I promise exactly what
it was going to be and people were
tweeting to me saying oh bro I can't
wait for the video today that just makes
me feel it makes me feel really really
bad and then I tweeted earlier this
morning an apology and I said I'm sorry
I have a test on a report dude but that
wasn't enough I'm sorry I know I take
this YouTube thing really seriously I
take it to heart this is my passion I
love to do it so I just feel like I let
a lot of you guys down especially go on
to a wedding for my video I'm sorry I
school at the end of the day is
extremely important so I have to get
it's really hard to balance daily
uploading and school and actually in
case you don't know I have two channels
so I managed to balance two channels and
school but sometimes with days like this
where school has a test and a report
it's hard to balance YouTube so I'm
extremely sorry I apologize and yes I
understand people are going to say do
you have over 1 million subs why do you
even go to school a lot of people have
told me that a lot of people have showed
me examples of other youtubers who don't
go to school and they only have like a
hundred or two hundred thousand subs and
they're like bro you're way bigger than
then why do you go to school well in my
opinion you never know what could happen
you never know one day YouTube could be
at the top and one day YouTube could
drop and be at the bottom I'm not saying
that's gonna happen it's not showing any
signs of that happening but you never
know I always try to play it safe so I
just want to get my degree and then I
can put that degree in my back pocket
just in case anything happens with
YouTube
who knows maybe I'm going to school all
the time for no reason and I get the
degree and I never end up using it
because YouTube just keeps getting
bigger and bigger in this world but I
like to play it safe you know just in
case anything ever does happen to
YouTube and like I said I've spoken to a
lot of people and nothing YouTube is
YouTube is youtube there's a 99.9%
chance nothing ever does happen to
YouTube and never gets shut down and
never falls off the face of this earth
but but just in case just in case
something happens I want to at least
have a degree in my back pocket so
that's not a knock on any youtubers who
don't go to school honestly it's a ton
of stress trust me look I'm breaking out
all from just thinking about this class
when what I have to do today so I don't
blame those youtubers who don't go to
school it is a lot of stress and YouTube
is it's a job it's a career so I don't
blame them I just do it to play safe
that doesn't make me better than anybody
else and it doesn't make those other
people worse than me we're all youtubers
we choose to do what we want to do with
our lives and actually I'm choosing to
still go to school so I can't complain
about it this video was an apology to
you guys I promise I will have that
video up tomorrow as soon as I finished
my concert report I am going to start
editing the basketball video I promise
it'll be up tomorrow I'm extremely sorry
and apologetic I hope you guys accept my
apology and man I hate when I don't
upload especially when I just I feel
like I really let you guys down and you
know like I said I wasn't even gonna
upload this video or I wasn't even gonna
upload anything today I'm just gonna
wait till tomorrow
upload the dodgeball video but it was
literally eating me alive I was looking
over the messages and the tweets from
people yesterday saying you know oh I
can't wait for the basketball game I
can't wait and it was just eating me
alive so this is the least I could do my
apology I'm just explaining to you guys
that'd be a lot of people forget yes I
still go to college and yes doesn't
matter if I'm only taking two classes
college is college and even one class is
extremely tough so I felt like I owed
you guys this video so I just felt like
this apology and explanation is the
least that I could do for you guys guys
and I will admit that sometimes it just
gets really overwhelming and I stress
out a lot just due to the fact that
there's College and then I have my main
channel on my MBA channel sometimes it's
just like all boils over especially in a
time where I have a test and a report
due so I will admit sometimes it it just
stresses me out of line sometimes it
does feel like I can't do it and it just
feels like it's it's just too much work
and I won't get anything done but I
never complain because nobody's forced
me to go to school that's my choice and
nobody's forcing me to make youtube
videos that is my passion that is my
choice so I never complain about it but
I will admit sometimes I look at all the
stress that's dawning down on me based
off the classes and all that and and I
look at other youtubers I'm like okay
now I know why the fuck you got sucked
to stay home and now go to school so I
will admit that anyways in the meantime
if you want to check out yesterday's
video which was pretty much a part 1 of
my basketball game date was because I
split it up into two
that was part one and then the
basketball game is part two you can
check that video out if you haven't
already I don't know if you still can't
get enough obrah waters you can check
out you can check me getting scared
shitless by the clowns again in case you
haven't already seen that or if you want
to laugh at me again by looking almost
pissing my pants getting CI by The
Killers clowns I don't know if you
really do want to watch one of my
basketball games I guess you could watch
my bass ball game from last week if you
really miss the per wattage basketball
games and anyways guys I really need to
get going it's not a clock my class is
in like 30 minutes and I need to go
purchase a stand Tron buy Bosley wish me
luck on the test this is my only help
closed for the day and possibly no I
have to go to school and I really hope
you guys enjoyed haha wish me luck on
the test I hope I get an A okay guys on
my way to school but early morning
traffic on the way to school but guys I
forgot to uh put facial moisturizer on
my face and my face literally feels like
like imagine if you go into the street
and just pick up a rock my face is that
rock like it feels like like when I go
like it feels like it's gonna crack open
I usually put moisturizer on my face
every single day guys isn't it I hate
how we have to actually buy our
scantrons for college like it's not
about the price they're only like 50
cents or a dollar for like a small pack
assignment about that but imagine the
people that fail the tests they're
literally paying money to fail a test
like that's crazy and I know a lot of
colleges who hand out scantrons but we
actually have to go buy them so I'm
about to go meet up with Jackie at the
bookstore and we're gonna buy scantrons
because Jackie's in my class too that's
why last night she went home early and
she was studying too because we can't
when we try to study together especially
in my room on my bed
usually doesn't end up with us studying
unless it's sex ed then yet you could
call that studying but that's not what
our topic for today is in class I have a
raw Oh she'll come along as cool shit
well what I was planning to say was I
have arrived at my destination he'll
look who decided to park right next to
me nice jacket
you look like um what's that presses
named Joanne Joanne yeah
wait I didn't put the fake parking
ticket on my car no no no no we don't
have time wait do you want to use or do
you want to use one of my fake ones
Jackie got a ticket last time I put one
of my old ones and I never are you
really gonna bomb on a dump phone for me
I'm serious
guys watch me get a ticket I'd be so
pissed and I'll remember this clip if I
gotta take I'll remember this class $38
you know 13 is 35 okay guys so Jackie
actually convinced me to get one sold
for the first time this semester I'm
gonna put a valid parking pass in my car
guys
you know actually I want to give a
shout-out to you people who when I when
I tweet that I can't upload and I feel
like shit and I feel like I let all of
you guys down and then you guys reply
saying oh it's okay you know school
comes first or take a day off you
deserve it shout-out to you guys to
understand and then there's also those
people who say fuck you you better
upload today I don't care what you have
going on in your life not a shout-out to
you guys shout out to the people who
actually make me feel like it's okay to
miss a day and go do what I have to do I
appreciate you guys you guys make it
better no you guys you guys don't think
it means anything like when you guys
tweet me or comment saying it's okay bro
you deserve a day off or it's okay go do
what you have to do you guys probably
think it just doesn't mean anything but
no it actually does it does make it
better so thank you guys for that
okay guys so we're walking to the
bookstore to buy our scantrons right and
Jackie doesn't believe me that I could
do a cartwheel so I'm gonna prove to her
that I could do a cartwheel I'm kind of
in a hidden area though because a lot of
people were watching so people here yeah
there's a ton of people here walking to
class but I got to prove my point I know
how to do a cartwheel babe
well that's cramping way I can't see me
how long go
there's people it's fine everybody who
watched show me believe me I believe you
now go go go go go okay this is for um
to pass the test my good luck
but Russia fuck with that
what the fuck with that
does not occur yeah what was it it looks
like a thank you oh you don't know how
to do a cartwheel okay hurry hurry hurry
we need to go get this good guys now the
cartwheel no because this is the worst
part of college when you're like you're
doing like your final studying before
you get to your class see we have our
notebooks out we're doing our final
studying and you're like okay I actually
get this like you know it makes sense
and you feel like you're ready for the
test you look over your notes and
everything is good and you get to class
you get your test and it literally has
nothing to do with anything you learned
and then you're like fuck because I
literally study it so hard the other day
for every single other class of my
habits of this is my first test okay
guys so I actually just finished my test
now I'm waiting on Jackie she's still
inside taking her test she's one of
those slow test takers now I'm just
joking but um honestly I think I did
really good but how many times have you
guys thought you did good on a test and
you know you're all confident then you
get the test back and you're just like
and you ended up doing that so I don't
want to jinx it because that has
happened to me before where I left the
class and I'm like oh shit I did really
good and then I get it back and it's bad
but all I'm gonna say is I think I did
good it wasn't too hard and I think I
studied the right material so we'll see
how Jackie things cheated when she comes
down guys I want to go to the gym so bad
but I have to go do this report this I
want to go to gym so bad but Joanne the
scammer how do you think you did wait I
don't want to say that on her because
join this gamer would actually come for
me could she have had this okay how do
you think you did awful honestly guys I
hate college I'd never coming back I'm
gonna drop out there's a there's advice
there's advice for all you younger kids
from Jackie I think if I could like
right now I'd actually want to throw my
book and then kill myself
guys that those are the words and anger
from a woman who has
hard for the test and does it think she
did good we've all been there before I
told them I said I think I did good but
at the same time how many times have you
left the class and you're like oh I
think I did good then you get the test
back and you're like oh wait every
single class that I do we need to do our
report tonight okay thank you guys so
much for watching this video you know
the videos really over when I'm on this
little shitty webcam with shitty quality
and shitty mic but thank you guys so
much for watching and wish me and Jackie
look for a report because the test is
done but we still have to do that report
due later tonight I'm gonna get to
working on that right now and then as
soon as I finish that I'm gonna get to
editing the video the basketball game so
you guys are going to get that tomorrow
I promise
