you see them say get fat on both planets
stick on shake it but humble and single
second
okay guys so I just got my haircut which
you absolutely can't tell because it
matches the club the top of my car but I
did actually just get a cut and now it's
time to go to school like you saw I have
a review today because on on Thursday
October 20th to have my second test my
second quiz so today we have a little
review and it's extremely important to
go to these reviews because he kind of
goes over every single thing that's
gonna be on the test obviously not in
detail you need to study down on your
own but he does give us a little insight
on that so that's extremely important I
need to go to class and after class hey
there was a reason I threw on these
clown shoes that's not a style I didn't
wear these for class I didn't wear these
to go get my haircut it's cuz right
after class I'm going to go to the gym
and play some lunchtime basketball yes I
know I have a game later tonight but did
you forget who I am I'm bruh wadays I
love basketball and I can't get enough
of it so yes after class I'm gonna go
straight to the gym fuck I need to make
time to eat I didn't even eat you guys
already saw I finished editing my video
earlier today before class I actually
started last night around midnight and I
got most of it done till around 3 in the
morning and I was just like I'm knocked
out I fell asleep with the laptop in my
hand got three in the morning sorry guys
I have to go I'm being late to class
but yeah so I fell asleep at 3 in the
morning when I was trying to finish
editing and I couldn't get that done I
woke up this morning and I had the
laptop in my lap and I'm just like wait
what the fuck happened last night so you
know people wake up drunk you know
people fall asleep blacked out and they
wake up drunk with throw-up in their lap
and a bunch of beer cans in their lap I
literally fall asleep editing and I wake
up with the laptop in my lap so on house
you guys saw I finished my video earlier
today so I got that out the way I barely
got any sleep but it's all worth it
because now I can go play some lunchtime
basketball after class instead of going
home to finish my video after class it's
time to go to school and cue the comment
bro your haircut looks exactly the same
after you get a haircut why'd you even
go get a haircut it looks exactly the
same
yes I understand - a lot of people looks
exactly the same but to me I like it
I love getting haircuts and I just won't
ever stop I just want I just can't stop
I won't stop it's an addiction it's
worse than a drug addiction and I'm
probably going to enter rehab therapy
but haircuts weekly it's not every five
days let's go I just got out of class
let's just say staying up till 3:00 in
the morning editing and then waking up
early to finish editing on a school
night is not the smartest idea I was
literally like this in class I was
literally like looking at the teacher
looking at the board and listening but I
was falling asleep at the same time I
shouldn't stay up that late to edit but
I had to get my video done because let
me tell you why right now I'm about to
go to the gym what would happen if I
didn't stay up till 3 in the morning to
get my video done I would have came home
right now to do my video but instead
right now I can go to the gym to go play
some basketball so it is all worth it
because in the name of the holy
basketball gods I love playing
basketball so I don't care if I'm
falling asleep during class I don't care
if I stay up till 3:00 in the morning
editing 5:00 in the morning 6:00 in the
morning if I have to wake up early to
edit because four times like this when
I'm on the basketball court it's all
worth it so got my basketball shoes on
and it's time to go play so yeah guys
cuz usually my schedule on school days
when I go on Tuesdays and Thursdays is I
wake up go to class and then come back
home to edit and then I just go to my
game later that night to play basketball
but today I was just in such a mood to
play basketball that I decided you know
what let me finish my video last night
so that I can play basketball at the gym
instead of come home and do my video
after class I can also play my game at
night so hopefully I won't tie myself up
but let's go do this
guys so I just saw a cop drive by and
you know I was debating like should I
swerve off and crash into him or you
know should I pull out my cell phone and
start texting or I don't know should I
just drive into the garage of a home
I just always wonder like why don't I
ever get arrested like I want to be
arrested one time I think that would
make for some good vlog footage and you
know sometimes I just get bored driving
and I'm just like you know what how fun
would it be to just give a cop or reason
to arrest me and you know not only good
flog footage but a good thumbnail and a
good title you know oMG arrested gone
wrong oMG bruh wadis arrested and is
going to jail now that would be the
clickbait because I would not actually I
probably would be going to jail so oh no
guys I just always want to like you know
gain a high-speed chase or just fucking
just get arrested I don't know it just
seems like a fun experience I'm just
joking guys if you can't tell I'm joking
but now I'm back to not joking maybe one
of these vlogs wait my turn wait thanks
maybe one of these vlogs you'll see me
get arrested I don't know for what maybe
for when the Sun season starts I'm
probably gonna get arrested for
for a
for a DUI Oh FTW see why that means
driving under the influence of after the
watching the Phoenix Suns ooh so you're
in a mental state of depression and
you're not eligible to drive the trash
guy wait let me go don't go for each
Drive so yeah guys yeah there's this
thing that it's called it's like this
mental state of depression I gay after
the sun's lose a game every time the
sun's was a game I get into this really
really bad depression and I don't think
I'm allowed to drive cause of how sad
and depressed and upset I get every time
the Suns lose the game so am I gonna
rest it for what do you call that
driving under influence of Suns losing
whatever fuck DUI zxa bck why driving
under the influence of mental depression
after the Phoenix Suns lose before the
gym I need to eat I'm starving out of a
all day somebody someone LPF before the
gym come on I'm gonna be late to lunch
on basketball come on a way to the F
camera
thank you for this exploit my name is
Robert I'm a 30 today um hi can you
actually give me a minute to order
please okay thanks
I wasn't even ready to order I'm such an
idiot guys chick-fil-a hires the nicest
people chick-fil-a owners founders if
you're watching this a 1 on the hiring
process you guys hire such nice people
sometimes I actually think they're
robots because of how nice they are
oh wait I'll play sure you get here
everything I said I'm actually ready I
just the chick-fil-a biscuit yeah please
I know that's it can I please do
chick-fil-a sauce alright thank you guys
yeah chief Lakers are so nice maybe
sometimes a little too nice to where I
feel like maybe they're just robots who
are just programmed to say what they say
but hold on thank you
guys I literally remembers my old vlogs
when I used to not that this was a good
thing but I used to say in the parking
lot and eat my food so that I have time
to go home
well here's another scenario I want to
go play some basketball
I want to go play some lunchtime
basketball holy she put me for
chick-fil-a sausages what a nice guy I'm
pretty sure she had a crush on me
because usually they literally put one
sauce no matter what you get you could
order every single thing off the menu
and they only put one sauce so he for
sure had a crush on me look at this look
so yeah guys I want to go play some
basketball so I don't have time to go
all the way back home the gym is like
down the street so the things I do for
the sport I love I got it now eat these
in the car
no wonder you gave me four sauces to
make up for the damn biscuit it's hard
and crispy
for whatever reason sugar usually has
good food but this one's really hard oh
well see you guys in the next clip yes
guys there is a lot of people who text
me they asked me they say bro you have a
game tonight why are you gonna go to the
gym to play basketball just relax until
your game or just go do something until
your game and I say you know what I'm
just joking I said I love basketball
they say why do you go play hours and
hours of basketball at the gym when you
literally have a game a couple hours
after you stop playing and I'm just like
honestly I love basketball my mom hates
that the most my mom always tells me
don't like don't do don't overdo it
because your body's just gonna shut down
and I don't listen to her but mom I
still love you don't worry I do mama I
really do love you but I do love
basketball as well don't worry mom I
love you more than I love basketball but
I just love to play so we're gonna go
play now and then we're also gonna go
play again in a couple hours for my game
guys don't even ask me why I do this to
myself I don't know why I do this to
myself going to the gym to play hours
and hours and hours of basketball when I
have a game tonight I don't know why I
do it to myself my knees fucking her my
legs hurt my body sore but I don't know
I really don't understand how I do it I
just get so tempted to play basketball
so I play like over three hours right
now and then my game is in a couple
hours so I don't know we'll see if my
body can hold up or if I'm a cramp up
like LeBron James I don't know hi Tammy
can I this is Brandon by the way can I
come in to do my eyebrows please when
are you free oh so you can't take me
right now I can come in like five ten
minutes ten minutes the most okay I'll
be there Tammy Thank You Tammy clutch
I love Tammy guys fuck I just got back
from the gym I need my eyebrows done
it's been weeks and we I'd say like he's
been like three or four weeks yes I
don't care guys I do get my eyebrows
waxed whatever oh shit I need to go
she's gonna kill me it's been like three
or four weeks haven't got anything done
to my about yes I know guys say whatever
you want oh that's feminine that's dumb
I don't care yes I get my eyebrows waxed
look I'd rather get my eyebrows waxed
and have them look nice then have them
all bushy I'm Middle Eastern my eyebrows
goes like crazy then rather than have
them be all bushy and shitty just so
it's not feminine I don't care it's 2016
it's almost 2017 guys get their eyebrows
waxed or fucking plug or threaded I
don't know deal with it it's not that
big of a deal
so I'm gonna go get my eyebrows waxed my
favorite thing to do in life I'm just
joking that's you're hurt so bad
then my favorite song and then she gets
a little deeper I think that's when
Drake put city but guys for those who
don't know getting your eyebrows done is
it's that's just as major of a key as
getting your hair cut like like that's
just as important as hair cuts you don't
need to do it as often like you need a
haircut like every five or six days you
don't need your eyebrows even once a
month is fine but I know some girls who
know you need that shit like once a week
but that's beyond now I'm just you okay
guys let me show you the part where
Brianna just having fun it's going you
and then Drake six and eight so she goes
you like he gets deeper watch
this is just like her herself butters
doh
see this good boy and then Drake comes
in like this noise I hear what's up he
hits her with some all I'm playing and
then guys look what I come home to wait
where do you go I almost run them over
Bosley hey where were you Bosley who let
you out of the house how'd you get out
no that's not answering my question
that's rude
Oh mom I almost ran him over who let him
out he didn't come in front of my car
though he waited for me to pull up
Bosley you waited for me to get on the
driveway yeah I took him out oh no he
pooped in Brian's room in the morning
guys I was running late to my haircut
appointment this morning so I didn't
have time to take Bosley out for a walk
so I was like okay whatever he'll make
it just while my mom wakes up he
literally poops in Brian's room five
minutes after he wakes up Bosley you
can't do that you can't do that he was
awake for five minutes and he already
pooped in his room uh-uh
so now I'm super sore my legs are done
and I have a game tonight but uh but
Jack's dead she's coming over to give me
a massage so i'm hyped with that so
she's gonna be here any second I need to
hop in the shower because I just got
back from playing bath
guys let this be a warning from me if
you have a game don't go to the gym
literally right before your game and
play for hours guys
my mom and Jack are cleaning out the
whole garage but mom I say leave the
plans hey know the panda panda panda
pendant and pin there we are eight seed
we are one in two one wins two losses I
don't even know what this team name
means guys if you haven't been with me
from the beginning of this basketball
season I did not make this team I didn't
I was playing on this team I just got
picked up literally the day before the
season started there it is leading oh my
god they spelled my last name wrong it's
Brandon a and they took it and they took
a picture of me to put it on the website
so that should be up soon see like I
said I don't know what this team name
means but 21 points a game
oh the team were playing is three and
one three wins and one loss is against
one and two let's go what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka bruh Wallace
and yes I'm here to do the outro of the
video if some of you guys are confused
because you were expecting the
basketball game footage don't worry
that's gonna be coming but it's gonna be
uploaded tomorrow because look at this
vlog it's already about 20 minutes long
and you throw in the game footage which
is 40 minutes this one's gonna end up
being over an hour long and my videos
are already long enough some people
already complaining about how long my
videos are I don't want to upload a
video that's over an hour long I know a
lot of people don't have time to watch
that with the people that have work and
then the other people that have school
because today's a weekday
it would just be way too long so I split
them up today was half the day and then
tomorrow's video is going to be my
basketball game footage and special
disappearance fades rug was actually at
the game he wasn't playing wasn't
allowed to play he's not on the roster
but he actually came to support he was
in attendance so tune in to tomorrow's
video if you want to see if we won or
lost anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you so much for
watching I love you guys all I
appreciate you guys all and shout out to
you guys who met my mom my mom went to
the mall earlier today and she made a
ton of fans she even took pictures with
Ben so shout-out to you guys
today's Wednesday exactly one more week
until the Phoenix comes to play their
first game I'm ready for the season I'm
actually gonna be there I'm going to be
in Phoenix I'm flying out to Phoenix
next week I'ma be in attendance for
their first game I can't wait
game number one out of 82 NBA season is
officially here next week once again
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video guys I
don't know if it was just me but when I
was editing this vlog it kind of felt
like like an older bravados vlog if you
guys have been me from the sorrow from a
long time ago you guys know what I mean
it just had the feel of like you know
chick-fil-a before school and go to the
gym it just felt like an old bruh
Wallace vlog for some reason look those
of you guys who have been me for a long
time know what I'm talking about I don't
know I was just editing in I got the
feel like hey this reminds me of the
videos I used to upload way back when I
first started YouTube
