oh actually that we closed it and it's
recording so don't yell at me guys my
daddy all got me off camera what's up
with you I want to see if Bosley does
guys look so the brown one says I can't
read not focusing but the brown one is
canned dog food so let's see if Bosley
but first let me try it because it could
be chocolate pudding but it could be dog
food course dog food okay let's see if
Bobby likes it
Bosley mutt dog food
okay so either Bosley super picky or
they don't use real dog to do this I
don't know
now he's traumatized go get food go real
food go cameras rolling are you getting
water okay pour me a cup too please I
was gonna say no water with an action a
little sip actually yeah but nesic up to
spit them out - oh just a little morning
guys Brian's Bob the Builder and
handyman I know I'm not excited either
the last time I did this was freakin
like months and months ago almost a year
ago yeah okay guys listen let's just get
right into it I'm here with my brother
phase drug you guys already know what's
up and today we're bringing you guys a
bean boozled nasty jelly beans challenge
so a lot of you guys know what this is
because it was actually trimming on
YouTube a while back a lot of people
were doing it and pretty much what it is
is so there are 10 different colored
jelly beans for example there's blue
orange green white black okay whatever
you know what I mean and we've separated
them to this glass we want a glass floor
last place a glass way okay with so 10
different colored jelly beans what's so
bad right what's the catch of course
there's a catch so what it is is you
can't tell by the smell or the feel or
the look but each one of the colors has
two different flavors flavors it could
either be good or bad so for example
this blue one could be either blue berry
blue or toothpaste for example oh this
brown one could be fried bringing this
all go today me and Brian have done this
way before way before we even have
YouTube
and bhavish I just do it for fun this
could either be chocolate pudding or can
bring dog food that's the worst wonder
skunk is exactly skunk spray or licorice
and either way black magicians disgust
yeah so black licorice or skunk and the
trick is look you could look at it you
could smell it they all smell the same
Gator telling me yeah you can't tell
unless you bite into it so it looks like
nothing yeah they just smell like whoa
I'm excited I know so please let me get
all the good ones like the whole video I
don't want to taste any other bad no
guys and honestly like I want a contact
who makes these jelly jelly belly
I want to contact jelly I ask them do
they really use like being greedy
animation how they do it no because then
it comes out can lead that's what I'm
saying when they say scum spraying you
try it
it doesn't just oh this kind of tastes
like no apron nose it literally tastes
like you open ass comes tail shove his
ass in your mouth and I'm Lake inside of
it or for example there's a pro 2 bar
okay yeah the barf how do we do that's
what I'm saying it against I'm gonna
throw up Alan in the factory do they
have someone that stands for machine is
good ha ha ha ha and it was like a yeah
no honestly another disgusting one is
freakin pinky Scott yes thank you Oh a
booger
guys look no come back you know no I
don't want to do this I know
please okay guys so without further ado
you go first there's a spinner with each
of the color so we're gonna spin it and
whichever one is on where you trying to
take a color and try to see who gets a
good and who get too bad Basel II go
upstairs go go lovely come on the cup oh
yeah yeah yeah come on yeah come on okay
we need a jelly bean come here buzzing
buzzing bosley cause here goes
don't go get close it I'm here come on
come come come come oh come on guys come
up here I'm here Yoav idiot come on
couch pausing here she wants go young
singles you're on acute onions over here
you don't come over you go we're almost
here oh yeah puzzly
damn now so fun you get
looking upstairs about Mila Hey without
further ado what is that even fucking
like not even a mother I do further ado
ok should I spin first Austin for you
and you stood for me probably both
fucking doing that we're both getting
about the same time yes
what really yeah we both take it at the
same time what if we both get through
that one
all right well euston it under your come
on damn it I don't oh it's the bar for
singles oh why okay guys know why the
first one so the first one is going to
be either peach or bar yeah that's this
okay so there's no - like I said you
could smell them whatever so here you
can pick whichever one okay and here are
the rule we can't just buy the once and
spit it out we can't be pussy we have to
at least we have to try to follow if we
can't swallow it which I think we could
I've had a lot of stories when um it got
stuck in my teeth one it got stuck on my
back you can I couldn't like shave it
off so the whole time the cases in my
mouth ya know guys I never you true does
the challenge has like a trash can in
front them or whatever but okay let's go
Cheers three two one Oh will you get oh
good call it Oh hold it but really that
I can do this
it's like Whitey's again and I know I
didn't grow up sweating you okay Bryce
but no water throughout no water ya know
what I'm punching the cheetah I know I
dating okay get the name from in and
hurry let's just take our new rule no
water no water
oh the taste stays in the vaginal Odie
I know and in your teeth
no no even oh this is okay so they're
gonna either tastes like caramel corn or
moldy expired cheese then ugly stuck in
my teeth I know and just in my mouth
okay which one did this one yeah here
okay
all right you know what wait the moldy
cheese in all the rap right after
starting feet - huh you swallow that
kidney for my god we did you track
following it I tried it comes back up is
so fucking NASA okay guys here the only
thing will keep score by work and keep
in their mouth the longest so Brian
Brian kept the person's mouth longer
than me and I kept that one so right now
it's a tie one two one oh my god - damn
now I know we have eight flavors left
you do this
not even okay fun no no beautifully hot
cut wait please okay guys both on that
way to quality all good this one to here
looks with you look bottom I got Bosley
he's only on the stink see ya guys do
they call wait the Sphinx guys with your
balls are watching us I didn't know
where he went but look Bosley you really
watch the later video Bosley you're so
fat don't drink water Brian guys look
how scary and how much pressure is on
this Bosley Bosley that's when he
doesn't know they must go I know
hey robot they actually used to like me
Brian obvious it never liked me Bosley
guys every time he sleeps in my room I
literally have to wait till it falls
asleep and like wait listen deep sleep
and pick him up and drag him in tomorrow
yeah you won't go okay either canned dog
food or chocolate pudding I'm gonna just
if you'll be chocolate what's that Doris
on choked it down to chicken out
remember when she sells the chocolate
don't go nothing ruins yourselves the
chocolate don't go nothing okay that was
okay guys already condemned chuckling ah
we cannot get three bad ones in a row
that's not possible
Fozzie go move we're going to temptation
while the American record videos yeah
I'm Fozzie watching this so much
pressure on us
Bosley Bosley hey Brian just fucking go
Mary
three two one chocolate game is
dangerous I'll just get em guys yeah way
they don't you have a long meeting for
book to record cause hmm look on you
updating your eye yeah
Bosley you Milo just come downstairs but
LeBron you up dude your iPhone yeah I
still have Basel you might as well just
come downstairs Bosley come watch us
make the video in Basel UK guys oh here
your turn
what the fuck are there any good one oh
I swear that's a lot guys
the game is such a lot I'm contacting
Jelly Belly it says there 50/50 there's
half good half bad dog for sure a lot
no you do all I have any more like 99 1
are you know what no oh that one's all
that alright I thought it would berries
or toothpaste I'll do either oysters
yeah RIT to this one I hope it's to
perfection so you clean up my teeth and
il well if it's to piss off the brush
before I see general did it early
no no no no you went upstairs ok 3 2 1
hmm to play to space yep we're not
always looking we have isn't see we love
it wait it literally just tastes like
Colgate
I'm cleaning out my teeth grinding items
uh Sensodyne ok so there's that renege
cards when you solve it I won't water
god I don't when you hurry up he's not
ghost uncle
oh no we already did that guys was barf
or peach already did that no no no no no
no no let's do it
just fuck you um give me one stump or
licorice three flags no its skunk or
black licorice gomez anyway there was
scum did I say black skunk or licorice
there's black and white constant called
raccoon yeah he said black silk or
licorice okay go ha ha - it is all my
teeth look I love black I'm so glad we
got that over with anyway what the fuck
everything what is it bad wait that's
weird I want to try - did once - wait a
minute I look I'm a baseball coach for
I'm Dodgers and Cubs go like this really
for one that when the horn strikes me
how I go
ok guys next up Ryan what's up funky
Malden down
no no no way there's the llama tutti
frutti or stinky toe honestly I used to
think stinky socks was the worst one out
of all stinky ass I just figured you
think you're good been in if it's not to
be here I'm you're doing I feel like
this is a trick cuz this one has a lot
of marks on it so I feel like they trick
you to think it's awesome
this is the bad one for the best-looking
one which I shouldn't have all right you
know what
Ben didn't sting you song stage so bad I
know ready three two it took so long to
hit I love it you watching wait you
still have it around
ah fuck oh no I need to brush my teeth I
know I - eat the berries yeah let you
see all the things wave ride what the
college they were open back
which one's the remaining ones like okay
the green
oh no they're so raw egg only and booger
and poker and okay lawn clippings than
that yeah no okay here let's just go
Brian what the hell guys that was like a
stinky sock of like Shaq stinky sock it
wasn't like you never look her nan was
like you're old
yeah I was like Cher easy yes sweaty ass
retired along okay okay so this would be
their lime or lawn clippings on four
legs as in I mean when they fucking mow
the lawn fucking all the sides
yes so do you guys don't know alright I
do my boss all this was shooting the
back what we do
helping show where did you whatever we
stick a sheet in the background
ready oh my god I was like an Intel so
you would tell me walk with me
ah wait it is lumpy yeah it is Oh
kiri mentioned out even I was a hill
that did it allows the dirt and the soil
and fossil not just grad wait why am
what I'm damn dumb one
okay what the hell guys there's three
brother Otto battery everyone who turns
it u-turn
did you yeah okay we'll see what is okay
no no oh my god no no that's the one or
literally is robots to do no I know
y'all okay but why were you spinning one
with each to nips and flavor looks like
yeah well do i one what's good joint is
you know right one what is that the
white one is okay the Y one is either
coconut or baby wipes who would think of
that flavor buy my bread smells so bad I
know
oh my god Oh ready you doing you maybe
wanna do hey oh wait oh you wait then go
word member it wasn't that bad wait hmm
wait is it him this is fuck the baby
watch used to be the one wearing your
like okay it's not that bad al it
literally tastes like baby wipes no mind
it just takes it back or I'm actually to
throw up
it's on the back of my throat we have
two more we have you there booger or
pear or or rotten egg or pop - what do
you want first
in hot Gordon I suppose on your property
right now so hold really yeah I got it
for the video
wait um anyone who has been boozled or
is gonna buy it fucking try to eat the
whole pit I eat that all the time Simon
bad like I eat the candle I need the gun
for fun okay
No Ready Set really this is which one
this is a rotten egg or popcorn ready
set
I'm the man um are you go there the
place you gotta go I'm the one you need
to fucking know on the map okay go map
oh no you it got out of what go I do
chewy ah go right down one second others
God Brighton Beach vision then you got a
little bit fuck Brian is about was of
that so bright actually got 9 rounds
into the game he got the first good one
but letting you can I'm on the bad one
wait alright just as bad the last one so
we can get water
this is Cheung sha aka booger or juicy
pear
when can I tell them what this is is
that bad for you ready
Tom used to not know sorry I just just
the case you guys will get the hint
this is either bulgar anymore oh yeah
yeah okay Baba just go good knowing it
Benny
okay stop here anybody said wait which
one is this what it's a skull either
booger or juicy pear would look right
what the ha wait daddy I wish it but no
I got nothing I say that can we get a
good one it took me a good one
I
fuck up here oh fuck fuck
no way give me is a bear okay no that's
three boogers in a row rockin a
three-year Babu
you'll give you the to face yeah oh cool
to say you are Boo Berry and Harvey will
be runs good with a baby it's like
showering good people good ones all the
berries oh look book is about now you're
gonna try to get chocolate put that damn
you do it no try to get chocolate when
you're here but how about for the last
round I sniff for you entirely
okay I'll go first there's a final last
round on the screen for Bryan
okay buying you have to try peach or
barf oh here you could pick one skinny
good for me good spin for me I want to
eat I got one foot peach from my
recording will both berry really okay if
I go again go again no what do you know
juicy PR bugger oh but we just did okay
Fabio dad come here we need your
volunteer for the last round got here
give me all over lunch room all right
here first right there sorry gongfu
gotta see you have a see that is it is
that dog food or chocolate dog food or
chocolate pudding
probably not deaf you can smells right
hey I don't want to what is it pudding
right here try the one that's not fair I
tried this one we could your quality huh
I'm supposed to chew it uh yeah the Guv
good yeah dog food right and low not
that try to swallow it
oh my god
we didn't even look at that oh yeah it's
mellow ah okay that'd be awkward
oh this is pear oh good pear like the
apple pear
damn it bugger into the booger okay give
him all of them wait did you swallow it
okay they're not brothers
just just brother yeah yeah we're not
that good - yeah yeah here they know
even now it is my dad said he wants to
try one of each there's no work here
we'll just give it five cuz he's a good
moment automated with teeth please don't
brush your teeth in kiss mom when she
comes home oh my god wait I won't either
we don't know there they say 50/50 guys
my dad namely that's how you know it was
Alice Oh
bye guys oh my god oh my god okay guys
now we are Bosley watching from here oh
nevermind oh my god
pry it oh my god guys honestly you can
find this I know I need to go brush my
own should I not brush it up kiss Jack
no joking should actually break up with
me
okay guys honestly you can find this at
any candy store near you we get it from
a sweet factory anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed this video
Brian what the hell was that we
literally got like all the bad ones I'm
just thinking about this I was this room
that's why they were a pile your first
day
I know herb you guys Brian of age I
texted my said Brian please no I text
you two times two times oh yeah you did
I texted my said please do the bean
boozled meanie Kiptyn going yet I had to
take anything I want I loved it we
don'twe the bike yeah bean boozled is
like the worst one I had to check out
like is my phone not working with uh so
yeah guys I hope you enjoyed this video
drop a like if you did but anyways guys
yeah that was pure torture
if you guys want to go pick up a bean
boozled from a candy store near you I
think it's like three or four dollars
let us know how that goes like I'm you
actually eating either all them at once
or like just a bad or just the whole
pack at once fundraiser huh no guys
thank you so much for watching we both
love you guys also Brown we need to
clean up now guys all the 90s kids you
have to remember this game name is so
good first of all Brian walks into my
fucking room randomly and just set up
the Gamecube yeah his chibi yeah the
thing where you plug into three wires
way mine has it
oh yeah right there the three wires oh
my god I remember this song yeah yeah as
if I drink guys please tell me remember
this game wait what's his name Samsung
Sam is I just statements yeah guys I
remember this game I used to suck at it
yeah you're linked actually good
this game was go the Gamecube was the
best console ever oh no this was better
I would take this over fucking Xbox one
ps4 and everything god I'm making Brian
pay me electricity electricity bill he
came in plugged in all the wires and
just started playing
