what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka me bruh wadis it is Monday today so
for all of you guys in school I know I
know
I feel your pain I went through it all
middle school elementary school mondays
are the worst day but trust me you'll
get through it before you know it
Friday's here
so before I start this video let me just
kind of update you guys what's going on
in my life really quick I apologize I
really do I'm sorry I missed an upload
on my main channel aka this one
yesterday um I actually was a triple
uploaded I uploaded three videos on my
second channel my MBA one if you haven't
seen those check them out the link is in
the description below so I was trying to
get a upload done for this channel but
three videos on my MBA one I just did it
I I'm sorry I couldn't upload four
videos in one day along with that I have
a test upcoming this week and cut in my
college class this Thursday so I was
kind of studying for that cuz you
wouldn't believe it when I tweeted out
that I wasn't gonna upload on my main
channel due to some studying and
homework and due to the fact that I
uploaded three videos on my other
channel people were actually hating on
me and I'm just like I'm sorry I'm not a
robot
I can't pump out videos like I don't
know so there's that I'm I also
apologize about my hair having gone hair
cutting six days like not six hours six
days but don't worry guys I got a
haircut appointment tomorrow what else
do I have tomorrow have class I had my
review because like I said I have a test
on Thursday on what else do I have
tomorrow I have my fourth basketball
game in case you're wondering I am still
leading the league in scoring but we are
one lane in two losses so tomorrow my
fourth game we need to get that win to
get the record up to two and two and
uh-oh in case you guys didn't know I
actually just booked my flight to
Phoenix I'm be going to Phoenix Arizona
October 26 Wednesday I think I'll be
staying to October 29 on Saturday so any
of you guys oh well I'm sure a lot of
you guys know the reason I'm going to
Phoenix is because I'm going to the
first Phoenix on game of the season
which is October 26 against the
Sacramento Kings I just bought my
tickets and like I said booked my flight
and then I must say a couple extra days
because I have a lot of friends over
there in Phoenix other Suns fans and
I've never really been to Phoenix I said
for one time in my life so I kind of
want it for the city
the city of my team so on any of you
guys in Arizona's get a chance to meet
me when I'm down that might be singer
for a few days what time is it 10:15 so
in 45 minutes you already know oh my god
oh my god well I was trying to show this
45 more minutes I'm at the gym to go
play some basketball nonetheless I'm
rambling way too much it is time to
start this video
smells like super-strong butter in my
room for whatever reason I don't know
why so this video is going to be a
little story time a little story video
and in case you guys haven't been with
me from the start I actually used to do
quite a bit of these video them and you
guys loved them you guys would always
show me so much positive feedback
actually one of my very first videos if
not my first video I remember my first
or one of my first videos to hit a
hundred thousand views was a story time
video it was one of the first videos I
put up on my channel and I still
remembered once it hit a hundred
thousand views cuz like I said that was
one of my very first videos to hit 100k
I ran to Bryan and I was like Bryan look
look a hundred thousand views and I was
going crazy and now look at us
see guys this is you guys are amazing
this is why I appreciate you guys so
much because I remember things like this
I still remember that was one of my
first videos to hit a hundred thousand
views and I was going crazy and now look
at us look at what you guys have done
for me over 100,000 views on a daily
basis that's crazy from me being
ecstatic jumping up and down to get a
hundred thousand views - now that being
the regular and that's why I appreciate
it so much because I don't look at it as
oh I got a hundred thousand views no I
look at it and I remember what I used to
go through and just go crazy over a
hundred thousand views and that's what
makes me appreciate you guys so much
more so thank you but yes today is going
to be a story time video and it is
actually going to be a story about why I
am banned from this furniture store in
case you guys haven't don't have this in
the area that you live in or you haven't
seen the commercial on TV more it's
furniture for less it's a furniture
store just like any other it has tons of
beds extremely nice couches a fucking
dressers I don't know
it's a really nice fuck it's not like
butter I swear I don't know you guys
smell it I don't know but it really
smells like butter um really really nice
furniture so I know down maybe 10 15
minutes away from my house and I am
banned from there I can no longer go
there if I try to go in there they will
kick me out and say if you come back we
are going to call the cops
I don't know maybe I struggling there
for a video we'll see but and I'm gonna
tell you why
so back in high school um I had two best
friends I had my best friend Ollie which
you guys obviously know shout-out to the
bro why the squad buildin scout with my
blogs plenty of times and then I had my
other friend to all who he has not been
any of my videos maybe he's been my
snapchat once or twice I'm not sure but
it's because after school after high
school he got accepted into UC Irvine
which is a great school here you know
what why don't you guys go and show up
some love on Twitter
here's his Twitter
he is an extremely extremely smart
student he went through all of high
school 4.0 GPA straight A's maybe you
got some B's a few times but um yes if
you got accepted into a college which is
over 100 miles away close to Los Angeles
and so it's really hard for me to see
him anymore and yes
Taub is actually a huge Los Angeles
Lakers fan so could you just imagine how
many arguments we got into as a
friendship no I love 12 but yeah he's a
huge Los Angeles Lakers fan so don't
even ask me how we got along but those
are my main two best friends first of
all shout-out to 12 for getting accepted
into that University because it's a
really tough university to get into so
like I said go show off some love well
what a difference after high school one
of my friends gets accepted into UC
Irvine and then I'm here I talked to a
camera all day I'm just joking guys
we're both successful in our own ways so
go show off some love but anyways like
I'll sing
Somy Ali and 12 Ali was always really
busy because he was playing on the
school basketball team and he was trying
to get obviously getting to some college
basketball earned some scholarships and
get some offers he was always really
busy and then his parents were really
strict now 12 parents were extremely
strict as well uh
Middle Eastern culture he's actually out
there he's Muslim so um his parents were
extremely strict he had like a 7:00 p.m.
or 8:00 p.m. curfew every single day the
only place he was a lot to go was to the
gym to play basketball and then straight
home he wasn't allowed to go anywhere so
in my high school days you know there's
there's those people who are uh
like sport fanatics and they love to
play sports there's those people who go
out and party they love to drink and do
drugs there's a people who love to study
and you know just do homework all day
and then there was me and 12 who for
whatever reason we had this crazy I
guess you could say craving or a habit
of going to Morris furniture and let me
tell you why so one day we go to the gym
we would go to a gym almost every single
day and we would just right out at the
gym through twelfth curfew so we would
wait until all the way till he has to go
home and then we would stay at the gym
till then then I'll drop him off home
anyway
one of the days I was like hey twelve
you know I'm kind of hungry and like I
forgot my money at home and he's like oh
I don't have my money either like I'm
sorry and I remember to hit me when I
was younger and when we were shopping
for my bed set I remember I was like 9
or 10 years old I went with my mom and
dad to Moore's furniture and they gave
us free popcorn and free cookies and
free soda and I was like 12 I don't know
if they still do it here because it's
been like six or seven years I don't
know by the way guys this was in 2012 it
was right before my senior year of high
school the summer after my junior year
right before my senior year so I was 17
years old so I was 17 years old
it's always 17 years old and uh yes I
told 12 I was like hey I don't know if
they stick guys
it smells like butter I don't know
someone get the fuck out of my room
Oh No so I'm like hey twelve we should
go check it out if like if they still
have it that's free food right there and
if they don't have it whatever it will
just come back so you know we drive
there and we get down and there's some
workers walking around and they ask us
hey what are you guys here for and we're
like oh well like we're just looking
around and say look so they leave us
alone and we go and lower the hold right
there it was like heaven right before
our eyes a huge popcorn machine where
you get your own bag and fill your own
popcorn a whole soda they had Fanta coke
Mountain Dew even they had water did
they even have water okay and then you
look to the left and there's like four
rows of cookies chocolate chip oatmeal
raisin sugar M&M cookies it was like
holy shit after playing basketball for
like five or six hours we were starving
we we grabbed so much food okay and we
left so you know we're just I'm driving
12 back home we're fucking snacking on
all this food and by the way guys none
of this food was free it was
complimentary it wasn't stealing you
didn't have to pay for the food but at
the same time it was for the customers
so
though it wasn't the right thing to do
it wasn't stealing so so okay a couple
days later we're at the gym again and
we're like hey you know that was kind of
fun we should go again so what do we do
we go again we go we walk inside oh hey
what are you guys here for
oh we're just looking around we go grab
some cookies popcorn soda and buy some I
mean more furniture you shouldn't have
made it all like grab your own bag and
put your own stuff because we abuse that
look I was an idiot when I was 17 okay
so you know we just started making this
into a habit we would go I'd say like
two or three times a week and so they
kind of started to catch on so what they
would do is um before where it would be
they would just have people walking
around and they would ask us if they saw
us now it was like right when we walked
through the door right away someone oh
hey what are you here for so we started
to make a new excuse instead of well
we're just looking around our new excuse
was oh you know we're two kids we're
about to graduate high school we're
going to go to the same College so we're
looking for like what what kind of beds
and dressers would be good for dorm
rooms we're gonna dorm together just
some bullshit lot we were juniors we
weren't even seniors so we were just
lying and they would walk us to the like
the area where all the beds were all the
teenage kid beds were and you know as
soon as they would leave us alone we
would run down get the cookies and
popcorn and leave and we did this for
I'd say two or three times a week for
maybe a month or two so we had been
there like ten or fifteen times and then
we started doing we were just idiots we
started doing this we would leave the
gym we would even get some of our gym
friends I remember this kid named Juan
and then twelves brother named boss said
we would just hate you guys want it
would be like a hangout spa like hey do
you want to go to Morris furniture and
it would be kind of a game we would tell
them we'd be like okay but you have to
be careful because they're catching on
to us so you know we started doing that
we were just being stupid about it we
would abuse it and everything so then it
got to the point where we would actually
have to walk in and avoid the workers
because they knew our face we had been
there about 20 times by now and as soon
as we walk in first of all it would take
us like 20 minutes to get in I so
remember this it was so scary I don't
know if it's like scary to you guys when
you hear but I just remember the moments
where me into
would be about to open those doors and
it would be like our twenty or twenty
first time going within like two months
and we would like see the workers
through the door so we wouldn't go in
yet and we would literally like sneak
around the beds go there and got to the
point where we would have to get the
cookies of Paco and we'd hear someone
say hey and we fucking run out and they
would literally come out like outside
the door I might look around and we'd be
like hiding in the parking lot we were
just so stupid but in a funny way so you
know all that hold on guys let me just
grab your popcorn because this is where
the story gets interesting I thought hey
quick so at this point Muslim so at this
point what you guys know is that about
two months ago from this point you know
I reminded 12:00 that they had some food
and stuff at Morris Ranger so we went
one time and that one time ten to ten
times and those ten times change to hey
let's go three times a week and those
three times a week turned into hey you
know let's even invite some of our
friends are not go to come with us and
that turned into bullshit the workers
know our face they chase us out so we
have to sneak around the beds and then
fucking get the food and run away guys
it just got to the point where it was
like you know how you know like in a
warm summer afternoon kids our age would
be like hey you know you want to go
swimming you want to go to the beach or
you know in a super chilly cold winter
night people are like hey you know you
want to get cozy and drink some hot
chocolate and watch some movies but
we're me and twelve art dumbasses were
like hey you want to go to more
furniture and steal food well wasn't
stealing was free complimentary
obviously but still and I don't know it
just got to that point so go to that
point right now here's where it gets
interesting so no I'll never forget it
was a Saturday night it was just getting
dark the gym closed early that day so
because this always happened we would go
to the gym first and then go to Moore's
because we would get really hungry
playing up the gym we literally didn't
buy food after the gym ever we lived
the popcorn and cookies and soda for
more furniture you wonder why I'm so
skinny and deform because my body was
used to all that junk but so we leave
the gym Ryan it's getting dark and we go
in for whatever reason because Moore's
furniture used to always be empty but
whatever reason it was it was packed the
parking lot was packed there was um what
do you call those lights those huge
lights that they put in the parking lot
and they face up and you could see them
from miles away they shine into the sky
to attract attention and so we're like
what the fuck is going on and and we're
like ok now this is perfect because like
there's a lot of people so we could just
mask in with them and we like we pull
into the fire line we see all these
people there was one problem
everybody's waiting like suits and tie
and the ladies are wearing dresses and
we're over there on our fucking
basketball shorts and I was in like a
beater like a wife beater and we're like
okay hold on should we get down or no
and we look closer on the door and
there's a legitimate red carpet a red
carpet with like um what do you call the
things you put on the side that kind of
like block off the paparazzi I like the
rails not the rails but you know what
I'm talking about and we're like what
the fuck so we're like hesitant to go
down but at the same time we're like
okay this might be good because there's
a lot of people so we could just go in
there and we don't really have to hide
we could just fit in and so we decide to
get down and get out of the car and we
like we're about to get in the line of
the red carpet and we see I don't want
to say any names just in case people
know him or whatever but he was like the
manager the boss of the store or one of
the bosses I'm not sure and he looked
familiar because he was the guy that
would always chase us out and he's like
looking at us and we're like about to
get in the line we're right behind the
people in line and I told to all I was
like bro
look he knows us he's looking at us
let's fucking leave and so we're about
to turn around and leave all I need to
puff up for this we're about to turn
around and leave and he literally comes
out and he says he gets the rail we're
not the rail I don't know what it's
called the ropes that come up with
he kind of close with us all he's like
no no no stay you know it's a red-carpet
event were unleashing a lot of new
furniture and the way he was talking he
knew the fuck we were he knew it and he
was just trying to get us to say and
we're like oh no we have to leave he's
like no come on just staying so he like
ropes us in and so he's literally the
most sarcastic he's ever been we've
never talked to him face to face but you
know we always just see him walking
around and everything in soap you know
he's asking us also what are you guys
looking for today and all that he's just
being super sarcastic and then he goes
oh well the snacks are over there on
that side I'm sure you guys know and at
that point I was like 12 look like this
is so scary he literally is like what
like doing a tour with us walking right
next to us it's like he has his
handcuffs and then he goes well the
snacks are over there cuz I know that's
what you guys are looking for and then
he lectures us he takes us to the snack
area and mind you this is one me and 12
were hesitant we were like should we
even get down I don't think we should
get down so he takes us to there and he
goes hey we know who you guys are
stop taking the food this is for the
customers and everything and I was like
okay I'm very sorry we won't be coming
back here again and all that and then he
does something very weird and this is
what made me me and twelve were like
holy shit tell me this isn't crazy so he
goes he goes from that you know stop
taking the food this is for other
customers to saying this he goes this is
for the customers next time you guys
come in just let me know ask from me he
gave us his name and I'll cook you some
fresh cookies and fresh popcorn in the
back and I'll bring it out to you but
leave this for the customers and all if
I hold on so these are the people that
chased us out screaming hey stop right
there and would follow us out into the
parking lot looking for us like this
because me and 12 would literally camp
out in the parking lot and just II like
in my car and this is the guy that roped
us in to the fucking red carpet event
whatever the fuck it was
and literally lectured us and he went
from that to offering us to cook us a
fresh batch of cookies every time we
came no limit however many time he
wanted and I was like this is kind of
this
this is kind of fishy so he goes you
know what just next time you come just
let me know and I'll do that for you
guys thank you so much and you know I
left me and 12 left now the most
confused we've ever been and me and 12
like the dumbasses we are we're like
okay let's let's go back there you know
he seemed kind of nice but at the same
time he seemed like he wanted to fucking
kill us okay so we go back we asked for
him and we're all scared again it was
after the jam and we're in our fucking
tank top and everything and he goes in
the back and he's like hey nice to see
you guys again and come here follow me
so he goes and he tells us to wait
outside not outside the store but just
outside the snack area and he goes in
the back and about a couple minutes
later he comes out with fresh cookies
and bags of popcorn that he already
filled up for us like he literally said
do you know I you don't even have to get
the cookies in popcorn that I've been
out here for hours for the customer I'm
gonna just cook you a whole fresh new
batch and the bags he gave us weren't
even like the small ones that they give
to the customers he gave us huge bags he
was just being super nice like he baked
us all this brand-new fresh shit right
in the back around the corner and he's
like yeah like you don't have to touch
the ones for the customers those are all
here I'll bake you some new ones and I'm
just like and he's in he's just being
super nice and he's like you know what
you guys enjoy this like my treat here
fresh all that and you guys can no you
don't have to buy anything you don't
have to look round up the furniture and
I look at 12 and we're walking out we
took the food 12 is fucking eating it
first of all cuz he's a dumbass he's
eating the fucking food and I look at 12
and I said 12 I am NOT eating this he
literally I'm sure he either took it to
the back and spit in it or are you
fucking
I don't know jacked off and came on it I
don't know what he did but there's no
way that somebody was coming into his
store like I said he was one of the
bosses and stealing all the food and
he's gonna cook us fresh cookies and
make us a fresh but no I said don't eat
that shit in 12 like what it tastes good
and he just kept eating it and I was
like are you fucking kidding me I'm not
eating this shit and so we're walking
out on my twelve I'm not eating that
shit like I don't trust that I'd rather
just eat the one for the customers
because you know you wouldn't do shit to
that so us being
dumbasses once again we already had the
okay from the boss we already had a his
name and everything he knew us and
everything I decided I was like twelve I
want to like this is a couple days later
I was like I want to go back and I don't
want to tell him that we're there
because then he's gonna give us the
poison come sneeze spit cookies I don't
want those
I want the customer ones so what do I do
we go back and I try to sneak through
the beds again and everything and this
time we get caught and he tells us he
says why are you sneaking in I told you
to ask for my name and you know we just
had nothing to say and boom he tells us
do not come here again do not show your
face again and we were under 18 we were
17 so we trying to call our parents and
I was like don't please don't call my
mom just don't do this please and he
says if he ever sees us there again
Volvo ball and we're out we're out of
there we are banned from Morris
furniture for I don't know is that theft
or burglary of cookies and popcorn I
don't know and yes guys I deserve this
band I totally deserve it I deserve
getting kicked I deserve getting chased
out every single time I was an idiot I
was literally going in there lying to
the workers faces and taking through the
free food that was meant to be for the
customers yes it was free but it was
only free for the people who were
shopping there not for idiots like us so
I do deserve this ban and more furniture
if you're watching this anybody from
there I apologize maybe one day you guys
love me and I'll bring you some popcorn
and cookies to make up for it but no I
am banned from that store and I deserved
it honestly I deserve I'm not
complaining and I'm not throwing a fit I
deserve to get banned but me and to wall
me and my best friend from high school
are banned from Morris furniture for
less guys I'm so mad because I had a
picture on Facebook and it was literally
like three or four bags of popcorn
filled and a bunch of cookies like we
got the soda cups and filled them with
cookies all the way to the top and we
were literally me and 12 chilling on his
car like on my car like this and there
was a picture I post on Facebook saying
oh nothing better than more furniture or
whatever and then when I started dating
Jackie and she requested me on Facebook
which I don't use anymore solji try to
find my facebook request me on there
using
more but when I first started dating
Jackie she requested me on there so I
deleted all my embarrassing pictures
because I didn't want her to see them
and that was one of them and I wanted to
use it for this damn video it was so
funny but that was gone is deleted it
was actually on my Instagram too but it
was deleted when Jackie whatever so then
Jackie SWAT guys are on the picture of
that but I did find a few posts only two
from 2012 like I said four years ago so
I was 17 years old guys and I was
actually trying to get 12 on a FaceTime
so we could hear his side of this story
cuz I'm sure he would explain it just as
funny but I texted him and he said that
he has a midterm
he said yeah dude I'm in Irvine about to
take a midterm what's up he said I'm in
class all day until around 3:30 and then
he says oMG let's go to Moores I said
12:00 he said that would be worse than
when you got pranked by the clowns I
said yeah but that would be way worse
going back to Moores huh guys
I hope you enjoyed this video and I
can't leave I haven't told that story um
yet my story time videos used to be the
best I swear so when I finally decide to
move out of this house I guess now you
know why I'll be shopping at Jerome's or
any other furniture store except for
Morris furniture so anyways guys thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope you have a blessed Monday and I
hope when I go to Arizona Phoenix I meet
a lot of you guys there thank you so
much for watching this video I love you
guys and I appreciate each and every
single one of you guys so much I'm out
guys 12 I love you and I miss you and
I'm gonna send you the link to this
video so when you watch this I know
you're going to laugh your ass off I
hope you're doing well in college which
I know you are because you're fucking
one of the smartest people I've ever met
in my life I don't know why I'm saying
this as if he's dead or who never speaks
I literally talk to him on it I still
talk to 12 on a regular basis but it
just sucks because I don't see him a lot
so we got to make that happen 12 God we
used to dominate in basketball we would
like people get so mad because they'd be
like okay let's play and
like okay well we want to be on the same
team we would never separate we were I
loved 12 that's my boy
