okay guys so I just finished uploading
on my MBA channel my second upload of
the day I uploaded on my main channel
earlier and here's from an MBA channel
who will win NBA Rookie of the Year
there's my intro for my MBA channel
let's see who are the first commenters
Madi golden boy Jamari trim Neil it's
too early I say well of course it's just
a prediction you can't wait till it
happens that's not a prediction
Harambee oh look who came back from the
dead to come on my video babe
Harambee symbol soccer challenges Julian
Robert Simmons Nabil Velasco one George
Daniel Nexus Joel big Shane in dil to
shout out to you guys up to my NBA
channel you're one of only less than
80,000 people sub to this channel shout
out to you guys
where we're going away wait it's zoomed
in it zoomed in try number two okay okay
say edit it out or else it won't happen
hot it know you have to wipe the screen
edit it out wait no I know Teletubbies
okay where are we going and how long
have you been begging me to go my birth
date
yeah she's literally you've been begging
oh wait you have to dress me yeah cuz
I'm just nice okay not today start from
the bottom up still my life they're not
my legs and are so hey oh you have to
put it under me I'm not I don't agree
but your camera wrong head wrong wrong
wrong wrong hole ah that's what she said
I never heard that yeah you do hmm any
hole works okay
now zip it up pass it to your big ass I
know God my ass is so big do the zipper
slowly huh look I feel something yo dude
show them your kneels hey usually no
guys she just got her nails done yeah
you could look what color are they
they're like metallic no but see it
doesn't look good um it was with this
ratchet
she got ratchet nails undershirt we do
her on the show yeah I have to actually
I have to wear undershirt get yourself a
girlfriend who dresses you and now green
shirt silence I choose green shirt guys
we're going to a pumpkin patch there's a
small little pumpkin patch it's like
down the street like five minutes away
they have it every year it's not like a
huge thing it has maybe like uh it's
it's literally like the stuff it's a
sign of like two rooms but it's fun
because nobody's ever really there so
Jack he's been begging me literally for
weeks
big commute to the pumpkin patch and I
say babe say it right and then we'll go
bitch how do you say content okay of
course you said it right now no you say
punkin with an end okay guys so I
decided I'm going to take her today it's
only 7:30 on a Friday and so it's still
pretty early oh this kind of I don't
know does this match bow I need the
chain and the black earrings
yeah and black shoes yeah guys honest
yeah we're not going to step it up yeah
guys in class yesterday I want to show
you guys what I wrote on Jackie's
notebook I finally pretty much admitted
to her that I had a crush on her yeah
like Jackie never really knew I had a
crush on her like when people are no
black socks are you kidding me Marisol
the fashionista I am but I know not
you're like white socks look you got the
socks no I'm not weird about this Uggs
oh look how faded she's trying to make
me look old what they all look the same
yeah but these are literally green so
are these yeah by God okay no no the
other one ever were beaded look guys so
I took her notebook during class the
teacher searing right through my soul so
I had to put on a little like look let
me show you so we were taking notes oh
wait I'll we have the earring on the
right year huh guys I was gonna wear my
drink ovo sweater but everyone comments
bro you wear that every day now we get
it okay for the socks are tricky my feet
are big guys I have you treat I'm a size
crystal this other role on it you can't
go buy a new song babe just hold the
camera to me here no no you guys I knew
that wasn't gonna go in so you know how
like people pass notes to each other
look the C doesn't go back all the way
but when you put socks you have to build
that look it's gonna be mean forget me
and all them to sit over like this wait
there's an ish I mean one yeah god I'm
gonna get a huge talk after the camera
turns off keep it rolling the whole
night anyways guys you know people pass
notes to each other in class in like
kindergarten
hey she's flipping me off on the
chemistry you deserve it people pass
notes to each other in like kindergarten
you know the guys and girls when they
decide they want to tell the girl they
finally have a crush on her so they do
it through a note and then I thought to
me go back to kindergarten we were
sitting in class yesterday and the
teachers riding on the board so we're
taking notes
he wasn't looking at me Jackie was
sitting next to me and you know she was
all focused in class and so I took her
notebook and she's like you know she's
looking at me like babe what are you
doing like stop copying my notes she's
one of those I don't let you copy her
what a shame but that it's long enough
like I never cared first of all you
don't even know Michaels she's not one
of those that cover the paper and be
like gross stop looking with baby you
guys I'm vocal you guys but anyways so I
take your notebook and of course the
teacher turns around and he fucking
stairs right on my soul but it's college
so he doesn't really call anybody out
and I wrote on her notebook wait you
tweeted the picture I'll show
you she thought I was like copying her
notes or like or writing down something
she forgot to write about the class but
instead my girlfriend was looking really
good that day she had curled her hair
and makeup was done to perfection like
it wasn't too much where she turns
orange but it wasn't too little where
you know she's like turns orange it's
not oh my god now I'm taking the camera
back on my face she's like she just woke
up it was done until you always look
beautiful without makeup dawg
no you don't know I always tell her that
she looks beautiful
I tell she looks better without makeup
but kidding for some reason yesterday
her makeup was it was like light it was
light it was perfect so I was like
trying to pay attention to the note in
class but I just kept looking at her she
was distracting me with her looks and
I'm like I had to let her know but I
couldn't talk because our teacher
literally is the weirdest thing I've
ever seen my man so I just wrote it on
her notebook so I take her notebook she
thought I was gonna write something
about the notes and I wrote this God's
is my handwriting literally kindergarten
I said you look pretty today I like your
hair and your light makeup and then
Jackie tweeted that this was her for the
rest of the class she was blushing and
she looked at me like this she said oh
babe and then she wrote I love you and
then I send me to wait on it yeah yeah I
tell because the teacher looked at me so
I had to write it really fast I thought
in and then me2 know how scared I messed
up you looked at me right away wait and
then after you were blushing it was the
best day of your life what did you walk
out in the parking lot - did she got a
ticket because the one time a boyfriend
compliments me God is like no because
she forgot to put a parking permit on
her car and you have to pay for parking
for me in college
none of the legs we are talking too much
where are we going okay okay let's go
it's gettin late they close at 9:00 what
other she was called easy B to slide
wait can we prank them guys I'm gonna do
burning Easy's prank part 2 except I'm
actually gonna burn them this time guys
these shoes are actually super thick
they came in today in the way through
the box I don't know they came in today
Brian's new shoes they're sick I love
them ok let's go to the pumpkin patch I
do they're nice those are actually nice
easy not hai piece or anything but those
shoes are actually submit by Bosley guys
the worst
no mom they're upstairs the worst when
I'm already at the car forget my keys
upstairs I think I don't know where they
are
guys I feel so old I'm 21 years old
everybody my age is out partying out
with their friends
although drinking smoking whatever and
I'm over here today I made videos one
for my main channel one for my MBA
channel literally working all day took
me like hours and hours and hours
working on those videos and then went to
the gym
guys look at Bosley look how he's
sitting Bosley dad have you seen my keys
no the real ones
okay guys here we are it's called Tom's
Adventure pumpkin patch there's so many
people here I thought it would be dad
babe I'm scared of that ride we're not
going on there's no fence should I just
crashed through the whole party with my
car haha I'll be careful I won't run
over any of the kids just the pumpkins
I'll call I'll do a real pumpkin patch
yeah can i carve your face because your
face is so round I'm off to buy any
pumpkins I if I can carve your face I'll
carve the name Booker OH
please wait oh my god my keys were in my
car the whole time guys you know how
looking for my keys earlier in the house
well I couldn't find them so I ended up
bringing my spare key it turns out my
real keys were in my car the whole time
such a fucking I'm so now I have two
keys two keys well now my shorts feel so
heavy they're gonna fall anyways you
can't go anywhere without the oil what
if I forgot that we wouldn't have went
to the pumpkin patch I love oil life and
then guys here's the best part about oil
wipes if you don't use them all here's
the trick that nobody uses you gotta
save them and reuse them ah I hate
third-wheeling I hate third-wheeling I
said guys my girlfriend literally
charges her phone because she said she's
going to be taking pictures of me all
night me that I'm showing you now I have
to do the fake smile face on I like this
guy real of Walker Steph
yeah right look this is my real smile
face when I want to take a picture and
here's my fake smile when I'm forced to
take one let's go okay yay I'm just
joking look yay see I'm so happy okay
guys let's go oh my god no babe that is
too high that's higher than Goliath at
Six Flags
guys this is Jurassic Park that's go
live at Six Flags I'm not going on these
I'm just joking I'm actually not scared
of these ride the lighting is so good
here look wait where are the workers I
need to ask where the smaller rides are
I'm going to say I didn't sign up for
these ride I'm just joking guys I'm not
really scared of these fucking slides
I'm just joking da cow in chicken babe
is that you on the board
Go Go gods we love Steph
she got asked to take a picture of a
family
your head doesn't say it's too round I
can't tell a difference wave is at your
head this one look yeah
product yeah I know that's actually guys
my girlfriend's head is so round look
put it next to your head mystical jokes
babe your head is actually that size I
swear
like God my head is like kinda oval
Jackie said it's really round I love it
it's sexy my round head fetish god this
is better than Disneyland
no I'm trying to find a thumbnail wait
wait but wait turn I don't know guys
where the fuck is a good thumbnail can
you stand like right here to like try to
get like just this or like or here yeah
yeah no look just like right here and
then
Oh
Oh
yeah the catcher would be good I'm
literally a baby
I want to take a picture guys you know
the pumpkin the bee stuff Magma's rain
isn't really much Brandon's no no this
is my tool back like this oh it's so
sure I got punished by God for that one
wait like do they do they make pumpkins
in factories do they make pumpkins in
factory haha wait don't they grow
pumpkins like I know they make them in
factories yeah they put a little seed in
a tuber that makes a huge pumpkin liar
wait this is so pretty like this okay
trust Jeff uh maybe wait
no basketball look I swear yeah it is I
swear look look basketball
Stephanie tried to hide it she tried to
take us that way so I don't see it okay
guys we know where we're seeing a
basketball wife right here guys I'm
staying in here all night stuff you can
walk home I'm staying here all night
even after they closed yes basketball
shootout everybody clear this play area
please bro audience is here oh wait okay
fine
imagine the parents fucking come and
yell I mean yeah guys I want to do this
where's the worker oh it's the other way
babe this is the best amusement park
ever what a basketball thing are you
kidding me wow this is just yeah these
are rigged to I swear know if there are
no prizes to win and they're not raped
where's the worker guys look guys oh I'm
a junkie so hard I'm gonna break the rim
and then I'm off legs
I'm hyped no I don't know where the work
oh my god there make me gone the world's
largest slide how the kids going on it
know it it's scary
babe was this me when I slid in your DMS
I went way deep into your DMS yeah look
there was even a sign of warning when I
slid in Jackie's d-ends I said slide out
your own risk and I took that risk Oh
guys I'm actually going
I hate third-wheeling wait wait where
are the handles scary oh my god don't
say this is scary I'll fucking walk back
wait where's the emergency exit where's
your money you guys look a beep I can't
do this
my socks are slippery baby did you put
butter on my socks before you put them
on my feet I made it this is higher than
Mount Rushmore hey Jeff this is higher
than Mount Rushmore what should I go
down the ladder and bruise my ass where
are we all throughout of time
yeah oh my god no no Steph is this the
one where you slide all the way off and
hit the hay I hate the ones where you
slide off the ride go babe Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god help okay
babe I'm going Oh No
guys I could have fun the emergency exit
so I have to go down Oh No
oh my god guys guys now have a headache
laughs dog I'm gonna pass out
chef I'm gonna pass out how did the kids
do it that was so scary oh my god I want
to go again I want to go again I want to
go again
this way yes guys I love this ride we're
going again again again guys that's like
once you come on can't do that oh god I
feel like when you walk into the pumpkin
patch you automatically turn eight years
old oh they put needle in the hay over
the whole entire fucking pumpkin patch
steps I want to pull your leg okay guys
this is round two on this slide I need
to match how many rounds I go in my room
which is like six I can't I sex I went
other tickets go step I'm gonna pull
your leg I swing please come on Eric
let's go move faster
oh my god not again oh wait this is
scary cuz I action go go go go
I'm forcing her to go down again okay
fine don't but if you push me on the
dragger like down watch this guy's watch
the jump oh oh because you're in my way
Steph calm down
guys watch look what happens at the end
look look look look look
you hit the wall China chef Sedlar feel
coming oh my god guys it's basketball
time the worker was taking a break so we
couldn't get on it now we're going on
this is a race but we have three people
thought I don't know how to pull me and
you together and even the same one okay
guys I get to feel booty on this oh god
they're tricking me they're making me
forget about the basketball but I'm not
gonna forget God you guys are wack you
just have to jump through oh my god hmm
someone oh my god little girl a girl
just pushed me okay
it's someone but oh my god oh my god oh
god we've been interrupted we're holding
up the whole line wait that girl just
pushed me I swear I thought hours ago
deaf chef chef oh my baby you can't
follow the girl right here oh my god oh
my god we have to go just cool okay babe
you're weak you just oh my god he's gone
bears by her
my girlfriend's so we okay somebody look
for my eyes your caring my food your
camera are you stupid
yeah your camera okay wait I step no
hold on you can't roll it because okay
hold on French the end recording
okay guys Stephanie Stephanie is up that
little girl pushed me out of nowhere I
was like who the hell is that go oh okay
guys we're in this I know that was
actually hard I fucking injured my toe I
think I'm out for the game Tuesday this
is a little loose oh my god another oh
my god
guys were so slow there's so many people
coming in behind us
Wow oh no the slide
time to go behind Jackie my view
my view wait I have Stephanie's phone in
my head oh my god guys have two pairs of
keys two phones a camera okay please
don't grab my foot please I'm gonna fall
backwards on you guys there's Wow No
okay I'm going I swear I'm trying I get
kids behind me okay wait please hold on
please don't slide behind you get you're
gonna be you're gonna hit me say hi to
the camera
hey guys she's trying to kill me okay
I'm gonna go yeah okay I'm gonna go
really quick and then you come okay okay
hey kiss me she went on the thing oh my
god is go pushed the stretcher wait for
the ambulance I got a friend I got a
burn a stubbed toe a broken wrist this
is a dangerous I did hey I need an
ambulance right
I got push yes well apparently she found
that really funny guys they literally
did needle in the haystack to the whole
entire all over the floor I swear I keep
stepping in sharp shade guys now I want
to have a kid just to bring them to the
pumpkin patch so I could push them down
the slide so you know what we're doing
when we get home
really yeah but yeah yeah oh okay well
this time I don't know we're gonna oh no
shoot your side I didn't give you
anything you kept falling back I helped
you I helped when I'm at when she's at
the hospital delivering the baby I'm
gonna be like doctor I wanted to take
him to the pumpkin patch or hurt guy saw
I was about to rock climb really quick
right until I saw seven ticket you know
what I could do with seven tickets
I could buy a meal for my whole entire
family with seven damn tickets seven
tickets for all crime no never that's
like the teacups at Disneyland makes me
throw up
okay guys and this one it's big enough
for all of us to go together so let's
see this this one's easier to climb
hopefully not we will see we've ran into
the demon kids who attacked me before
I'm scared of them they're scheming and
plotting my girlfriend hey I told you
babe
if they push me I'm lost too right here
oh my god these are demon child we have
to go just go go go go oh my gosh oh my
god - she's not leaving leave leave
we're gonna okay okay wait did she leave
we have to make sure she's gone hey go
oh my ass burn my eyeballs are burned
how I think this for me guys I'm gonna
win a alien it's three dollars I have to
knock oh oh nine dollars okay what do I
win for three dollars the basketball
okay wait so five pay nine dollars I get
the Ellenor half to pay nine in the
knock it down
so if I pay $9 and I don't knock you
down I don't get the alien there okay
fine I want to get the alien hold on
okay here's ten okay guys so I'm about a
knockdown look out screams Eagar look at
this rigged game it's called feed the
pumpkin is that Brian I have to knock
one down and I'm gonna win it alien
hears stuff I don't know when to start
shooting these are hard ah yeah only a
dumbass like you would hit it on your
head
wait do I start oh I'm nope I'm no
picture but they used to call me clean
Kershaw when I was younger
no that is you hit what the heck it
knock you down
is lowering my self-esteem
which one should I hate tell me one and
I'll go the middle I'll show you how aim
how good my aim is the middle one
okay yeah meadow oh you got you wait do
I get three Ellie okay you should like
get it for me and get the blue one
all right chef you didn't you didn't
risk your whole shoulder to go purple
for besides he's a name man Booker
she's a very good worker for her age I
wasn't working when I was now old Bosley
Bosley oh thank you thank you guys me my
newest friend my newest girlfriend his
name is but Lego Kurt no looker looker
it's for a blood son Booker
okay you're not coming home bastard and
we're not making a baby I wanna look her
know I own the name is something better
yeah it's like blue it doesn't roll it
sounds I gonna throw up a little Kurt
okay how about um you know what you know
what I'm a name it
oh I'm gonna name him Eric Booker how
about that Eric Booker my newest friend
Eric Bledsoe and Devin Booker combined
for those who don't know
going white recording me steps all the
bakflip hey hey hey hey no I'm finding a
new girlfriend look I gave her a bump in
the head covers it up and solving it and
never first you'll find three fun brain
games to calculate the baseline scores
guys any day the old worldwide then
we'll build a cognitive training program
just for you
does it say it calls me to mom around to
the girl it's a girl it's a girl named
Eric okay guys where am I gonna put this
yeah we're we are gonna get Stephanie
the booth Stephanie you're walking home
you live right here no you're no one's
hitting Eric Booker no no no okay open
it let's try to fit how about you walk
home and not put yes f you hold on or
some just stuff yourself in the trunk
don't hurt her okay sit do not
oh my gosh hurts so bad it's finishing
the night off it's just so small and
everything hey we're on camera long him
wait excuse me yo did you just put
thanks Josh
finishing the night office on this
knowledge cuts fuck it out guys there's
no weird how I used to hate fuck like I
wouldn't even be able to eat it and then
now I like it you what I love you okay
now if we ever break up imma send your
new boyfriend this clip how petty wonder
tank you ever break up my next
boyfriend's gonna be used to it's fun
we're still dating and she's already
plotting her next boyfriend you who's
you what's his last name
guys I don't know why there's a lunch
lady in my damn bathroom look at me
lunch lady what are you serving today
for lunch mashed potatoes on the
toothbrush oh yeah sounds good please
put me two scoops I want she's literally
a school lunch lady rip off the band-aid
like they say and let's not put one on
my one cuz look what he did to me I
didn't do anything to you were
struggling to get above the silence
let's up in the air you know what I'm
talking about no okay guys this is the
end to my video I hope you guys had just
as much fun watching this video as we
did at the pumpkin patch
that was the best day of my life
although I didn't get to play the
dodgeball that was so much fun thank you
for your welcome although I didn't get
to play the bass law I won the alien
Eric Booker she's oh I left her in my
car great look I want to photo shoot the
fan has to blow strong really I hope you
guys enjoyed this video something
different we actually went out instead
of staying inside no go really guys
thank you so much for watching I
appreciate you guys taking the time out
of your day to watch
my vlogs and let me know if you guys
enjoyed this one it's October we're
getting closer to Halloween so I figured
you guys would enjoy a vlog like this
everyone camera thumbs up if you would
like me to UM trap Brandon and to go
into the haunted hotel from whole night
listen they got the pumpkin patch with
me hot cocoa touch would mean for a
whole night you know I've leave me then
what am I gonna go to sleep with all the
fucking actors I hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you so much for
watching and it is time to make that
baby we were talking about so close out
the vlog hey guys listen to Bosley's
Nora I don't think this is normal just
listen
Oh what the fuck bro
Bosley why do you snore like that way
honor guard the stomach my dad
spray paint oh my gosh
so the spray paint wasn't coming off
which we knew me and my girlfriend said
we said are you sure this is gonna come
off and it wasn't coming off my boy it
wasn't coming off even in the shower so
we looked it up and what is that mom
baby oil baby oil I guess does the trick
but you have to scrub it so hard
she literally mom oh my his hair's gonna
come off dad your hair is coming off
look mom look you keep doing this guys
we spray painted it and he he didn't try
to shower or try to take it off right
after he stayed a whole day and night
with it so now there's what happens it
wasn't coming off in the shower no dad
you have to do a hard look already got
mom do you see that bad yeah the bad
and another two days later this is the
outcome we're struggling to take it off
punish him for not trying to take it off
right away
my dad's stomach Dan its patrick store
why there your car the baby wipes with
the baby I did didn't work okay that's
good hold on anyway no way my dad's body
is gold that's why I go to the gym to
get a body like my dad I give him an A
plus these are not some nice poses he's
just trying to take time he's trying to
kill time yeah he's trying to get away
from your mom
