what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis happy Friday for all you
in school I know there's your favorite
day of the week in a couple hours or
maybe even right now by the time this
video goes up you guys are out of school
and ready to enjoy the weekend today's
video is something I have never before
done on my channel if you can't tell
today's video is going to be a reacting
video I have never ever ever done a
reacting video first of all give me a
round of applause in over a year I've
been doing YouTube for over a year I
have not done a single reacting video
and don't worry I know a lot of you guys
don't like reaction videos so no my
channel is not going to be a reaction
video channel now so no I won't be
consistently uploading reaction videos I
know you guys don't like those I know a
lot of people aren't fans of reaction
videos I just thought today would be a
cool one to do because in case you
didn't know my brothers at the phase
house in New York and a couple of days
ago he uploaded a 1v1
phase rod vs. phase adept in basketball
in case you didn't know basketball is my
favorite sport I live die and bleed
basketball and faze rub in case stimulus
time is my brother so I thought it'd be
a little cool to react to this a lot of
people were tweeting this video to me a
lot of people were telling me it was a
good video I have yet to watch it I
wanted to save it from my very first
reaction video let me just give you a
little background so when the DAP came
here because he came to visit San Diego
I met him he came to my house him and
Bryan played a 1v1 right here down the
street and adapt actually ended up
winning
so adapt came down here to San Diego and
Bryan's own environment Bryan's own
hometown and he stomped on my brother in
my brother's own hometown so now my
brother's getting a chance to go get
some revenge he's flying out to New York
he's actually on his way back today like
I said the videos upload a couple days
ago
my brother's dumb ass actually missed
his flight Bryan how could you do that I
touched him this morning I was like when
are you coming home he's like oh I
missed my flight I was like Bryan why so
he miss his flight is gonna be coming
home later today so uh yeah this is
Bryan chance for revenge like you don't
let someone come into your city into
your hometown and beat you like come on
Bryan so Ryan's out there looking for
revenge and OH
sixteen how the hell do you record off
the screen like I said I've never done a
reaction video I don't see capture
screen recording and yeah guys one last
time don't worry I'm not going to start
doing reaction videos all the time I
know people are not fans of reaction
videos but I just thought this would be
cool okay here we go
faze rug force stays adapt let's get
right into it guys what is going on guys
stays ready Wow wait what kind of intro
was that doesn't a two second intro look
at this intro by Brian I like this I
like this what is that it I like that
clip brother here let me guess what is
going on guys phaser here today I'm
buying you guys a brand new video watch
how much you want to bet just watch I'm
here into there you guys a brand new
video and today I'm only one B one away
matching like for the instinct
I knew that shit he's a DAB if you guys
didn't see on this channel a couple
months back he came over to my house and
we did a 1v1 basketball game it was like
the most anticipated game ever everyone
wanted to see me versus a DAB and you
know he kind of killed me you demolished
me in that video
oh no I can't let him come Garamendi
you're going good about myself and today
I'm going to be one be wanting a dapper
actually gonna be leaving right now
who's taking the W me or a Deb and say
it be truthful just honestly bro I'm
gonna have to say it out you I played a
monster oh yeah yeah I have all Brian
and Brian always makes excuses I bet he
told them all I haven't played in month
I'm playing months Brian and his excuses
ya know but I'm not using that as an
excuse y'all up Jordan
these are taking way I know these are
LeBrons please poor
you warmed up okay guys here before they
saw I'm sure all you guys want me to
make my prediction who I think is going
to win phase rubber face to death well
like I said adapt has already beat my
brother down here a couple months ago so
adapt has kind of that winning mentality
and also let's not forget adapt is adapt
is taller than my brother he has like
four or five inches on my brother um he
also has the weight advantage and
usually in basketball if you're playing
a five-on-five you know at the gym or a
real game size doesn't really matter
because it's a team game but when you're
playing one-on-one that's a different
story size does matter
high matters weight matters so hold on
so adapt has the high-end way right and
he already beat him once I'm go with my
brother
imma go with my brother he Brian don't
put me down don't let me down Brian
Brian comes from a basketball family you
know he's already lost one time so he
needs he needed he's a winner he needs
to get that you know oh I already lost
once I can't lose again and you know he
has to think adapt came down here and
stomped on him in his own City so Brian
needs to go give that disrespect in
return and Brian's the underdog here
Brian is the underdog you already saw it
in the beginning picked adapt to win and
adapt does have the height I think
Brian's gonna embrace this underdog role
and Ron's gonna come out on top that's
my prediction let's see how it goes
let's do ones and twos up to 15 err no
there's too much too much too much
no yeah 11 11 is good good job good job
I guys just watching this makes you want
to go play basketball so bad like I
fuckin loved it I love basketball so bad
they play out the gym nah nothing like
20 minutes old watch this video yeah 15
to mirage alright shoot work yeah
Brian's a shooting I'll give him that
Brian could shoot
Oh clink Jordanna I junks 1000 adapt
with the mini dream shake hakeem
olajuwon thousand mini dream shake okay
so adapt could shoot to adapts already
up 3-0 adapt with the shop okay hold on
guys we are 5 maybe 10 seconds into this
video and the dad has already displayed
a little dream shake a nice jumper and a
drop to the hoop Brian's already down
four zero Brian you can't get down early
you cannot get down earlier
oh man Brian Brian Brian adapter showing
some skill right here adapts taking
Brian to the post oh he went to turn
around J oh oh no I thought that was
gonna be taking Brian to the post
pull-up he's giving you space Oh Brian's
taking adapt to the post
Brian's using his height and weight oh
oh
Brian right into the post
oh-oh-oh the off balance jumper that was
a little bit of debug style right there
Devin Booker Brides take him to the post
again no Brian okay hold on guys I was
gonna roast some bride for hitting the
rim on that one buddy he didn't get the
ball back and put it back so adapt five
rug one Brian can now fall behind early
that's the recipe for disaster when you
start off bad and slow fall behind it's
tough to come back guys
does that give anyone else like like
this OCD like it's just that right there
with the door being open like it just
bothers me I don't know like I don't
know if I'm making sense right now you
know how you have like these little
things that just bother you more than
they bother other people and you can't
really like for example when a teacher
forgets to wipe everything off the
whiteboard and they leave little marks
that shit just bothers me just like this
close the door to the park why is the
door open just close it like now that's
gonna bother me the whole video just
gives me like I don't know I don't know
if I'm making sense I probably sounds
stupid but it's just like I don't know
let's just keep going with this video oh
oh adapter sweat left-handed behind the
back and he's right in it look at this
play hold on guys that one was actually
nice that play was nice watch he went
Bob
oh that play was nice so six one adapt
Brian you're right why'd you miss your
flight I need your home right now we
need have talk right now Brian six one
oh a dead one between oh he could have a
dad you couldn't finish that you I think
I went between my brother's legs that's
a shot that's his shot that's his shot
six three six three Brian's still down
cuz
it's 6:00 to 3:00 and they're both out
of breath look they're both dying Brian
said I need water
Oh Brian and his damn ads well he's just
Ciroc he knows what's up Brian doesn't
buy that cheap liquor shit okay guys so
my analysis halfway through the game
Brian's down six to three um let me give
you my thoughts really quick so Brian's
down six three adapt has shown me more
adapt is impressing you right now adapt
that showed me some skill Brian you
gotta stick to your jumper that's your
game you love to shoot you're a good
shooter Brian's trying to take adapt to
the post but the deaths has the height
so um we'll see but at least Brian's not
getting down to behind guys this make me
want to play basketball so bad I swear
okay get up lazy come on prize literally
on the floor dying it's only six two
three Oh Brian's going to the post again
oh oh oh
Brian's going taking it to the polls oh
my god the buffering my Wi-Fi sucks
hello let's give me some time to buffer
tie the game tie the game shoot that
ball okay
Oh Brian just went Steph curling it look
how far this bag would look he just went
Steph Curry range off glass look at this
ah okay that wasn't that lucky off glass
like Brian knows it too he's like this
okay Brian good shot six to six Brian's
on a little 500 run right now that goes
up six to one okay let's see I put my
money on Brian Latif all smart
no no oh right oh okay someone go get
hold on hold on hold on Brian just sweat
someone go give this man the hustle
award Brian did not give up on that play
he missed that shot badly out of nowhere
sushi the little fucking cockroach comes
in and hits the layup but first of all
Brian out I was getting pissed I was
like why did you take the shot look how
far back he shot that this was like look
at this there's like 10 feet behind the
line and then he comes in out of nowhere
with the putback
okay so Brian's up seven six let's see
if you can make my prediction come true
he's making me proud oh hold on
are they playing with no out no I could
have swore they they already called out
before look adapt stepped out no look
watch right there add a stepped out
unless they're playing with no outs but
I could have swore that they've already
called out before whatever I guess Brian
didn't catch it well I guess I don't
know
so seven to seven I guess they count at
that point seven seven
Oh a dab of the turn around
Oh with a hand in his face get it with a
hand in his face
no got really that was a nice shot by
dad Brian was all about him and Ed she
didn't face him again that she didn't
face and I started to do that on purpose
okay so I dab with the lead eight to
seven thousand I saw all the step back
three double clutch Oh a damn double
clutch that see you brought see they are
playing without cuz Brian was just like
cautious to step out so I don't know why
they didn't call that
okay Brian will the show Oh Prime's
literally dying he's holding his stomach
okay eight to seven adapts up by one
Brian's taking its time right here mr.
Awad is phase rug you got a score here
Brian always take him to the pulse again
no ah Brian was the three nine eight
nine to eight Brian's women guys so
Brian hold on time out pause so Brian in
case you didn't know they're playing
ones and twos up to eleven so Brian just
needs one more shot a long range three a
long range shot to win this game to put
this game away nine to eight Brian's up
I can't and sit Oh
O'Brien note so we got the ball back
won't step back Brian you motherfucker
you involved a shot guys you know you
know what Brian's game reminds me of
imagine a Brian is Jamal Crawford but if
Jamal Crawford was 90 years old so
imagine if Jamal Crawford just keeps
declining and you know Brian's game
reminds me of a grandpa Jamal Crawford
so he plays like Jamal Crawford just
like a little slower like like 90 years
old Jamal Crawford that's Brian's game
that's his NBA comparison okay so 9:00
to 8:00 Brian's still up by 100 a dad
wanted to dunk that I doubt what I'm
like he was gonna Doug you have no
dropping in okay first of all how
atrocious defense by Brian so 19
now the next three pointer ways adapt
can win it with a three pointer or Brian
can win with a three pointer adaptable
those nine to nine Brian wait first of
all I was going up like he wants to dump
those balls but Brian I'm have to check
his a history because he might be
watching too much James Harding where
was the dear fans wait I'm a call Bert
Kawhi Leonard I'm going to draymond
Green Hassan Whiteside
DeAndre Jordan I'm gonna call them over
right now Brian right as soon as you
land from your flight DeAndre Jordan
jump uh Kawhi Leonard draymond Green and
the song wise that are all gonna be
right here outside my house to teach you
how to play some defense I'm not one to
talk cuz I stuck out defense too but
anyways ten to nine adapt is winning so
now adapt just needs one more shot it
doesn't have to be a three you can end
it with a layup or a regular shot Brian
needs one stop on defense ah
Brian Brian Brian I came and watch a dab
don't do this to my blood my own brother
okay so that's adapt with the setback oh
oh wait I thought that went in it was an
air ball see they are playing with Alice
Oh brought in right oh no guys look at
this look at this you hold on okay first
of all so they were playing though Alps
second Brian took this shot from this is
this is Steph Curry tongs to range look
at this and it almost went in this was
for the game from like eight feet out
look okay so adapt missus here as it
goes out of balance and then look look
at this shot by Brian look at that
almost half core and ah it almost went
in else for the win
okay so adapts has the ball back hold it
go the fade away with his face oh adapt
come on you chucked up to air balls
Brian and ex Brian I'm so nervous
Brian one shot
got the on a plane adaptive basketball
he's actually good I swear just pull up
Brian just pull the fuck up pull up
hold a step back but step back to the
step back
ah Brian you're gonna make me take my
fucking word back play D
Oh a dad with the moves there it is
adapt winner rugrat loser what's new
Brian Brian Brian Brian you why'd you
miss your flight I need to talk to you
you need to come land right now because
we're gonna have a talk about we're
gonna have a talk to me on the
basketball crying teach you something
you're putting my family name to shame
we're a basketball family now I'm just
joking adapt I was impressed and that
played better in this video that he did
down here at the park I don't know if
he's been practicing or if you didn't
bring it that he played adapt is good
that's high skilled high want to play
phase two dad's actually adapt if you're
watching this the next time you're down
here in San Diego anywhere close by
let's play 1v1
a gym or core of your choosing your
rules let's play I want to play you
I want my brother has lost you two times
I want to make up for my brother's
losses faded average per watt is in
basketball I'm up for the challenge I
don't know if you are I'm leaving this
up to you
guys leave a like if you'd like to see
that 1v1 I can't if my brother beat you
out okay but I need to make up for my
brother's misfortunes Brian Brian had
some nice moves but adapt and that is a
good basketball player I'm not gonna
live never really seen him play like
this so after we play one-on-one adapt
I'll take you to the gym we could play
five on five on the same team but
anyways Brian good game now I sound like
a loser I pick my brother to win anyways
I hope you guys enjoyed this video
actually hold on hold on hold up hold up
I could just sit back here and be all
talk and oh I need to teach my brother
this and that and oh I'm all there to
know I challenged Fraser dad I can just
stay here and just be all talk or I
could show you guys what's up let's step
outside I'm in this video by taking a
shot right outside where's the alcohol
oh you guys thought I meant a shot of
basketball no I meant a shot of handy
I'm just joking I'm gonna go outside
take a shot to end this video I hope you
guys enjoyed my first ever reaction
video like I said don't worry for those
of you guys who hate reaction videos cuz
I know there's a lot of you this is not
going to be a regular thing there's my
first one in a year and I just
it'd be cool because it is my brother
and it is my favorite sport basketball I
just thought it'd be pretty neat let's
go take a shot guys y'all seen with the
black earrings and you know be your cut
and hair cut a nice share in the gold
chain you guys probably thought I'll
dress up right look little did you know
what was under that chair so anyways
guys that video literally had me itching
to play basketball I was watching that
video like oh I want to play so bad
myself but anyways I need to go take the
shot really quick because today I'm
uploading two videos on my MBA channel
on top of this one so today is a triple
upload day this video from my main
channel on to more on my NBA channel if
you're not subscribed to that the link
is in the description below and I'm also
about to go to the gym to go play some
basketball
so one shot this one is for faded dance
no warm-up no practice shot please don't
let it hit the Mercedes Cup my dad
watching my videos and he would kill me
that's how you shoot a ball Brian I need
to go get ready to go to gym i'ma show
you guys thanks so much for watching
this video
leave a like if you'd like to see me one
on one adapt if he's down for it he's
not I don't mind people like if you
enjoyed this video and I love you guys
thank you so much for watching once
again and I hope you guys enjoyed your
weekend
