what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and if you can't tell by
the title above this video is going to
be a reaction video no I don't mean
reaction video like all the other
youtubers do I mean reaction video bruh
wat itself you haven't been on my
channel ever since the very beginning
ever since last year I used to actually
upload a ton of bruh wadis reacts to
Phoenix Suns game bro watch reacts to
Phoenix Suns lost or Phoenix Suns win
and if you can't tell I'm kind of a big
Phoenix Suns fan so I go pretty crazy
when they win and I go pretty pretty
pretty and breaking a bunch of stuff
crazy when they lose so if you guys were
with me ever since last year you saw a
bunch of these reaction videos I used to
post these videos all the time on my
channel but then obviously NBA season
has been done for a couple months now
and it's just now starting up the off
season is over the NBA preseason is back
on and the regular season starts in two
weeks
well what I'm doing in this intro is
letting you guys know that this is my
very last reaction video on this channel
this is my final last Phoenix Suns
reaction video on this channel am I done
with reaction videos no I have an NBA
channel for that the reason I'm
uploading this video on my main channels
because not a lot of people know I have
my NBA channel but here it is I'm
telling you guys I have an NBA channel
and that's exactly where these types of
videos are going to go and the NBA
season is just starting like I said in
two weeks I rage a lot during Phoenix
Suns games you could just ask your
fellow robot squad members who are
watching you since last year and a lot
of the Phoenix Suns reaction videos are
still up so if you're interested in
watching those this on my channel but I
do have an NBA channel now for a reason
if you're interested in watching paratus
get pissed off get super happy breaking
shit crying tears of joy or crying tears
of anger complaining and just crying and
crying and crying and crying because
there's 82 games in one year and in case
you didn't know the Phoenix Suns are one
of the most unluckiest teams in the
whole entire NBA so these types of
videos interest you go ahead and
subscribe to my NBA channel the link is
in the description below not only do I
post reaction videos I also talk
basketball I give I debate with my fans
and I just I put
everything basketballs on that channel
so there's not going to be after this
video there's not going to be strictly
basketball videos on my main channel all
those videos are going to find on my NBA
channel so if you haven't already be
sure to go ahead and subscribe I don't
know if I'm ready for this NBA season
last season with so much damn stress and
although it's just preseason today I
still get hyped I still get nervous I
still get happy so for the last time on
this channel you will be watching April
waters reacts to a Phoenix Suns game
we're gonna see if they win or lose Suns
at Utah actually is about to start in
about three or four minutes and it's on
NBA TV so I dunno I know it's just
preseason and a majority of the people
99% of NBA fans look at preseason and
just go all what the hell just like that
for me I'm different I just I love this
team I love the Sun I love the NBA and I
just it's basketball is basketball to me
so we're gonna see how this game goes
you guys you guys are evil because when
I used to post those reaction videos on
this channel last year when the Phoenix
Suns were actually in business and
playing you guys are evil because
without cry when I'll break my moment
I'll break my controller you guys would
find it funny I'll get a ton of likes on
those videos I'll get a bunch of
comments on those videos and when they
would wane and I'll be all happy I
wouldn't get likes on that video so you
guys are evil for the very last time
enjoyed this video on this channel and
NBA season honestly hasn't even started
yet it starts in two weeks so there's no
better time to subscribe to bruh wadis
NBA than right now and I hope you guys
enjoy this video and I hope you guys
enjoy the content on that channel I'm
not gonna lie I don't upload every
single day on that channel like I do on
my main one but I do upload consistently
and I'm uploading much much more now
that the NBA season has started
I love debating with you guys about the
NBA I love talking to you guys about the
NBN seeing everyone's opinion so enjoy
the video guys just look just look at
this 46 to 20 the Suns are down if you
wonder why I'm not that pace is because
it's just preseason but nobody really
tries in pre-season so take it for what
it's worth Brandon nights out Tyson
Chandler is out PJ Tucker is out I don't
care but anyway still not a good sign
every time the sun's start off bad just
for example right now they're down by 26
and sawing the second quarter my mind
always tells me
Brandon bruh wadis
watching the game it is not going to end
well but my heart my heart which is made
up of 99% Phoenix Suns my heart which is
made up of 99% Phoenix Suns tells me no
ban and keep watching you know it'll be
fine I keep watching and I always end up
with my heart broken
Jade darling just miss Chu Fritos I
should know better just turn off the TV
and stop watching but my heart just
doesn't let me do it I love this team
too much nobody not honestly it's just
pre-season no half the players aren't
even playing so take it for what it's
worth but like I said take it for what
it's worth take a you want it it is just
the preseason but devin booker is the
number one leading scorer in the whole
entire NBA it's not obviously that's not
going to happen in the regular season
devin booker is now going to lead the
NBA in scoring in the real regular
season but for now in the preseason
the-- 19 year old teenager one of the
youngest players in the whole entire
league i mean the dudes still a baby 19
years old is nothing so yes it is just
pre-season no he's obviously not gonna
be ahead of Steph Curry and James Harden
all them and scoring the regular season
but still for a 19 year old teenager to
be leading the NBA even preseason
scoring is pretty damn impressive and
Devin Booker is number one ahead of
Damian Lillard James Harden once again
for the millionth time it's just
preseason which is why I'm still smiling
because if this was a regular season and
the Suns were down by 30 this smile
would I would be the Red Devil with the
steam out of his ear so oh no I love
this team so much guys this is a
historic moment so just remember this
moment the Phoenix Suns are down by 30
points if you want to know why that was
historic it's because that was the only
time that I say Phoenix Suns and down by
30 points in the same sentence with a
laugh just because it's preseason
because if this was like I said this was
a regular season the Suns are lucky that
there's just the preseason because if
they were down this much in the regular
season my whole day would have been
fucking ruined so take advantage of this
moment remember this moment
NBA preseason the only time where bruh
wadis will see the sun's down by 30 and
still be smiling cuz that shit won't
happen in the regular season god forbid
this ever happens in the regular season
cuz holy shit that was the biggest scare
of my life no I can't
like oh my god I had my god guy so I'm
watching the game Ryan it's just a
blowout the sons are no the sons are
still down by 30 I'm watching the game
right Devin Booker ankle injury like I
wish I had my camera so you guys can see
the live reaction that I had I literally
I was about to break down in tears I oh
my god I've seen Devin Booker and I just
I was like please God please don't let
this be serious please God do not let
this be serious I prayed and I said I
spoke to God I waited til the answer me
I said God please take my ankle take
both my ankles take my life
god forbid take mine and my brother's
life but do not take Devin Booker's
ankle please ankle injuries are bad
please I pray to God I said harm me but
don't harm the goat Devin Booker and you
know Booker's nerdy's he's holding Zink
land I'm just like holy shit I was so
nervous I prayed for a good nine hours
even though it's only been like 1 minute
since the injury oh my god I had a walk
down I couldn't even look I can't even
watch the TV right now Booker's upstairs
right now not literally but he's
upstairs on my TV injured I'm down in
Brian's room look I came and look at the
TV right now holy shit it doesn't look
too too bad but Devin Booker seriously
hurt I'm done especially in a preseason
game guys there's the most kid I've ever
been in my whole entire life I prayed
prayed and prayed please God anyways the
sons are still down by like 30 points
don't ask me why the humble go watch the
game but it's just ah why do I love this
team so much don't actually wanna go
finish watching the rest of a fucking
preseason game where the sounds are down
by 30 points but I am so time to go back
upstairs see there's all my strength mom
there's all my stress level and anxiety
is up because what are we like what do
fans of a team do if their team is like
down by like 30 or 40 points what do
they normally do they didn't have a shot
oh oh no guys I don't know why I do this
to myself this is why my blood
pressure's high on everything because I
keep watching and I give myself hope for
no reason guys how the fuck did the
sun's come back they're down by three
their ball with 22 seconds dad
Suns are down by three their ball with
21 seconds they were down by 30 earlier
Wow guys God does this to me how much
you want to bet the sons are gonna lose
listen listen this always fucking
happens to me the sons get down big and
I'm just like okay they're gonna lose
whatever I just accepted that they're
gonna lose then they come all the way
back they give me hope they come all the
way back just like this they cut it to
like two or three points just to lose it
at the end I get so pissed cuz in my
head you're already down by 30 if you're
gonna lose just lose don't give me false
hope that's the story of my life last
season and the season before and my
whole entire life watching the Suns they
start out down big then they come all
the way back just so I can say oh well
maybe they're gonna come back and win
just lose it at the end let's see if
today is different look I'm gonna be so
pissed if they lose this because why
come all the way back and burn all your
energy just to lose and give me hope
just to lose like if you're gonna lose
your module losing the Damned when
you're down by 30 I know they should
have put Booker in for one player but
they don't want to risk injury well the
sun's way down by 11 with like a minute
and a half left Oh Archie Archie Archie
okay they got the 2le so now they gotta
play the foul game bro how the hell
would they even come back a guy got okay
you okay guys the sons who were once
down 30 points are now down by three
with 15 seconds left the bust dragon
benders about to inbound the ball come
on I want you list for three just like
in the summer league oh yes yes and one
and one Archie please make this
free-throw please I'm such a lowlife why
am I getting so hyped over preseason
God defeat makes us free throws to tie
game oh my god I know we need to win a
book or Jersey for good luck yes you did
the Jazz need to know you cannot foul in
that situation they should have just let
Goodwin get the two good one please
get the ball get the ball right oh no no
no time outs five seconds left Goodwin
Oh
ah yes yes yes good
I find you love you okay there's three
seconds left so get you I Brandi don't
get you I guys oh my god dad dad
oh you guys oh yeah dad no fucking way
look sometimes they all aren't you
getting off guys aren't you good wait
for the lead with three seconds left
I'm fucking high look at the sons bench
look at this look I fucking love the Sun
nice buck Dudley good yeah the only lead
of the game the sons have not led all
game oh yeah
a sled yeah I know we were down by 11
with a million houses dad we were down
by 11 with a minute and a half you know
dad you know if this was regular season
we would have lost but preseason we win
can we take the opposite lose a
preseason win the regular season
okay guys three seconds left jazz ball
dad you already know it's gonna happen
you already know guys if it's a fucking
buzzer beater I'm done let's watch one
stop yes yes god I'm so used to being a
son spam that when he put that shot I
automatically thought it was going in
for it for the Jazz Wow a 30-point
30-point comeback this is just preseason
and I'm so hyped and I think this is
regular season yes
guys I'm so hard guys so many oh I just
wrote this so hard guys so many people
are tweeting to me and texting me
they're like bro it's just preseason I
understand it's just preseason I
understand this game doesn't mean shit I
understand in two weeks no one's even
gonna remember this moment but I just
love basketball so much I just love the
Sun so much like oh who else gets this
hot for pcs and I don't care if it's
just three season I love the NBA and I
love moments like this
I literally don't know one other person
on earth who gets this hog for just NBA
preseason could you imagine thousands of
regular could you imagine that was the
playoffs if the Suns were somehow on the
playoffs which obviously is not gonna
happen for another 500 years but could
you just imagine if that happened in the
playoffs or the finals if that happened
in the finals I'll probably drop down
and say I swear you know I'm telling you
guys I'm so used to being a Suns fan and
watching us lose at the buzzer all the
damn time you realize two years ago the
Phoenix Suns lost at the buzzer five
times in one year just think about that
five buzzer beaters were made against
the Suns in one season that was the most
in the NBA over the past 10 years last
year we had a ton of buzzer beater
losses I was fully convinced that that
last shot by the Utah Jazz was three
seconds left was gonna go in when that
shot didn't go in it was like a miracle
being a Suns fan that's so sad I'm so
used to watching the Sun lose out the
buzzer that I fully 100% expected that
shot to go in or I expected Archie
Goodwin to miss that dunk the life of
being a Suns fan hopefully it turns
around the season anyways after looking
at the box score Booker and Bledsoe both
had impressive games Devin Booker and
only 25 minutes of play has 20 points
four rebounds three assists and three
steals any shot almost 50% from the
field and he only had one turn over
again that's 20 points four rebounds
three assists and three steals and only
one turnover and he didn't even play
that much because of his injury and then
Bledsoe who played even less because
obviously he's resting up for the
regular season 16 points 7 rebounds 3
assists Brandon Knight didn't play
because he was he's just resting toshing
talent and play PJ Tucker net play TJ
Warren who was mister efficient one of
the most underrated scorers in the
league he dropped 10 points he only took
9 shots so he shot 5 for 9 marques Chris
had 14 points and 5 rebounds the rookie
who just turned 19 years old has been
impressive this creasy's and he fouls a
lot yet but he's been impressed at 14
points and 5 rebounds
once again guys thank you so much for
watching I feel like such a lowlife
getting this hyped over game that
doesn't mean shit if that was a regular
seat you thought that reaction was that
that was a regular-season game or one
day a playoff game for this Phoenix Suns
team I don't want crazy thank you so
much for watching this is like I said
earlier the very last video of this kind
on this channel any other video like
this if you are interested and you want
to see more because NBA season is just
starting the real see
it hasn't even started so if you want to
see much more videos like this go ahead
and subscribe to my MBA channel the link
is in the description below there's
going to be a ton of reaction videos
every time a ton of it's just it's just
all NBA so if you love basketball or if
you love NBA or if you can't get enough
of robotics which means you're weird
because I'm even over myself I've had
enough of myself and I am for Wallace
himself but for whatever reason you
can't get enough of waters you could
subscribe to that channel everything
basketball is going to be on that
channel from now on
