hey Bosley what are you eating and
annoying him
Bosley Bosley knows there's a video he
wants to be in the video
good boy Bosley just sit sit
go buzz we go go say it go sit sit good
boy
Fozzie always tries to be in the videos
okay God
after what was probably the longest
thinking of dares in would you rather
history wait dad just in the video can
you just say would you rather would you
have it no would you rather would you
rather okay God
we've got eight flashcards in here
folded up randomly tossed in the pan and
there's actually one pass so if you
can't do the math there's four people
there's eight years so we each are going
to be doing two deers except for the one
lucky person who picks a path you're
only gonna have to be doing one we're
not gonna explain the - you remember
what you guys see them but if you can't
tell there's some pretty pretty nasty
more pretty uh I'm not actually
discussing things yet so uh I don't know
who wants to pick first or who wants to
go first
we can either go all this to youngest or
from this to this way we would we would
already be oldest to youngest if not
also in spots with my dad as my mom to
oldest wait you're Alban I'm on correct
oh my dad's old it was older yeah yeah
one year difference
is all their bias even one day okay okay
dad wanna start we'll go oldest to
youngest already we're already in order
yeah we're already in order let my dad
tape nobody look mom don't look so my
dad has him in his hands ah shit of the
mouse corn baby
no what is there any more Oh max or soy
sauce okay so what I said my dad thinks
it says shit it says a shot of hot spicy
kappa tio or salty nasty sodium filled
soy sauce who's this gonna picture the
top of T of the guy who eats at ELQ
I'll take Kenda you'll take him yeah why
does it resemble okay as long as we said
God TSP no he said shot nah give you a
nice my mom's always trying to stick up
for her man guys this is gold get
yourself some one is yourself did you
tell pace but too bad it doesn't work in
a real life would you rather so I'm
gonna bring a shock tub Bosley you want
to try Bosley look so sad out there I
know he was that's the shot that's a gun
I'm not gonna Holly I'm not gonna feel
me god no I know I know what a shot
looks like okay dad just tell me when to
stop
no okay dad he's good now he's like okay
I think that guy's a - yes ma'am oh hold
on one more - you mean a - dad okay
okay guys I feel bad for my dad so I'm
gonna look guy here is a shot mama would
you do by still on the carpet honey okay
dad whenever you're ready
he has known he has no water
all right we get Bosley's so scared
bazi what happened to Ron Bosley milk
milk we all ran away from my dad's
breath after the toughie Theo and then
you have Bosley smelling lovely what
happened to Ron what happened to Ron now
we wanted to be a part I know he tried
but he feel Bosley guys it's so much
pressure with Bosley watching us yeah my
dad finish the whole thing okay mom
cookin a dough mm do you want to enter
hustle no looking nobody look I know I
can smell the chilies so god this is
where did it Danny
ah together good one this gets put to
use you can choose my dad to either -
gimme no you get think no yes so my dad
my dad can either spank my mom with this
really hard or slap her in the face but
we don't accept slapping women so alive
I'll show you yeah okay guys this is
just a Bosley what happened one of the
most unique things my mom brought from
back home and it broke mine wasn't bad
on the cop car you liked it this signed
instead please please be the pass please
be the past need any meat it fucking
sorry the words I swear I was hoping I
was good hey guys so I have to choose
either eat a raw egg or they have to so
toast in water until it's literally saw
me and have to try to swallow that okay
really yeah
no yeah
and yeah you have to swallow it oh yeah
it's like this all right before I pop
down yeah okay I'll try I'll try no I'm
gonna try the egg I tried to totally
we've got it before that I would do that
those no the toast is that did you like
well I'm doing the right and then I'm
kissing Jackie right up no no challenge
think their breath smells like Y all no
it smells like cereal right now um last
I might say my Oviedo shirt so I'm
taking off and and right on the trash
not over here okay you know I watch this
oh my god no I just go straight oh gosh
gosh you're one inch from the trash can
at least I'm making all the best walk
for it mmm no you don't kiss me I'm not
doing all right one kiss one kiss
big 131 I know I could touch you with
this one yeah that one gives you one
your call what do you call it the one
the would know would you know
you know Jackie's from El Salvador she
can take that like nothing okay I didn't
any water oh hi
yeah you should drink some water extra
Listerine extra resolution over nice no
I don't you know me and Brandon
everytime sleepover where we think we
eat literally raised to the bathroom
even if it's a porn morning and we have
long piece of candy Oh Monica okay if
you want it nice breath to smell dad
after he comes from the Nabby it's a
Stewart like no sleeping next to a
sorcerer yeah me and Jackie aren't so
paranoid about bad breath you know how
you wake up in the middle of and I like
I like three or four in the morning just
so I take a morning feed I literally
race about them to go brush my teeth so
I don't wake up a bad breath the same
with her yeah but yeah it doesn't work
for us man okay
my dad hasn't brushed it cheap in 99 ya
know hey didn't have okay wait tell me I
think because my mom's boyfriend doesn't
stop but I bought my daddy a toothbrush
wasn't for your birthday or what he gave
it to Jackie
he didn't even use it look crappy I
didn't if she gets the pass I would be
so pissed good the copy that's so not
fair first she forced me to take out the
dog food and then she picks the past and
guys look what it used to say Bosley
food or tree it they all complained
saying whatever you both is junk food
and treat it so they force me to take it
out so now this becomes a pass nobody
was worried she'll I gots disrespectful
to ball to eats that shit every single
day two times a day for the past three
years
hey Kenny yeah you did you we can't do
it one time in our lifetime Bosley has
to eat it every day of his life already
I don't wanna do it for free you know I
owe your breath I think it's you guys
he's mad no it's nothing no I'm mad
because I want to a dog food I want to
leave it in there as a doctor she would
end up picking it oh my god she's own
force me to take it out start over a
rotation
hey hey you're a bus right teeth after
there's another person only one oh
there's only one path I don't hope for
another thoughts mom spray paint on why
okay I've sweated a lot so my dad has a
choice to either my lettuce spray paint
let us spray paint his body or wax what
do you want to wax my legs chest beer no
no watch learn more let's prepare all
the striping no watching mine you really
want very great yeah I want a spring
break too
this is why my dad is crazy who do you
know that you just spray paint over why
huh yeah are you sure this is like what
if it doesn't come off harmful content
oh no let's just do it let's just do it
guys the best things in life are
unplanned we'll just go okay
Yolo shout out Drake Lil Wayne the motto
Yolo you only live once everything we
can also in bad guy dad you're gonna
have to take your shirt off
so mom Jackie look I swear it's more
like 24 pads
Oh dad how many months pregnant are you
that's Mama's cooking okay all right
guys my dad has the body that our skinny
arms and my skinny legs and then when
you take the shirt off like yeah suck it
in okay okay
waste spray from afar close your eyes
oh it ah oh my god the letter think
about it but I was supposed to say
Booker if you couldn't have my fucking
okay take it back take it up he smells
bad no it was supposed to be Abbi oh oh
I'm gonna tell but turn around and show
them Oh waiter yeah you have to spray
something my mom is marking her
territory
my dad has nice triceps hey why are you
covering my booger Yolo
wait dad I think that's gonna go away if
you don't like Booker yo come on with a
book oh yeah yeah not even my mom can
shower together
we don't have excuses but we still know
mom it's not going away don't even try
right now yeah no I'm not doing it do I
still taste the raw egg I need baby you
still have cereal let's continue we got
my dad's done city left three bad ones
okay guys we left yeah oh yeah three
beers left three people left the pass
has already been taken my dad has
already paid his dues he's done you can
just sit back in the door right now
so without looking I'm gonna coach
lastly okay my mom has it Bosley stupid
my mom has to either take a spoonful of
coffee grinds or a spoonful of salt mom
I know you like coffee in a cup
because my blood pressure starting damn
Allatoona and what he did how do you get
mom what is that for cameraman duty boy
mom let me see you try to chew it one
time Oh smile file ah
does it smile for juggy father what
happened to my mom Bosley so worried am
i real coffee you know that was bad okay
run in two more level two people
now you gotta go okay guys so I guess I
could either choose to let the three
contestants snap programs on my neck or
wrap flag rubber bands around my face
now the tricky part about this one -
first of all I'm choosing no idea from
that that will end the video I could die
in my blood my book in the sounded easy
laughs yeah Brian I have two daughters
so I'm going to drop it on my face the
only problem is yesterday if you didn't
watch my video I got literally on - I
got it
someone bit a chunk of my head off I
don't know whether one Bugs Bunny or who
was on the court but my head started
bleeding they have to like stop the game
it was all bad and I have like a gash on
my head
so I'm gonna choose two programs on my
face laughs - be careful - and uh yeah
okay I'm on the chess snap on my neck
you have to do this moment right yeah
why not only three no mom I appreciate
your concern for your son but my
colorful it did
hey yeah dad give me big one let me see
my case big my elders big my lips are
being this big yes let me do their first
100 okay oh you have to go down to done
like this okay okay but don't go far up
here okay okay don't hey baby what are
you doing yeah yeah we're from the fire
no that's your sample da okay I'm not a
little bit kinda don't snap it home you
look like Squidward okay okay I don't
trust you it's not just the cut to Swan
bump I know she's careful dad listen it
was by accident
wait wait oh my gosh dad yo that's my
one yeah yeah the small one it can't fit
on my head on the first one you can't
say nothing you have to take it as an
unknown man okay that's true yeah did
you see how I threw that okapi thing one
more yeah medium yeah put that under I
see someone just snapped on my head on
the hook okay guys so this it reminds me
of when I had braces and I had to wear
four rubber bands in my teeth XS that
felt a little better look I can't open
my eyes
okay when trying to take it off no guys
this one's on my mouth look
yeah on my teeth mutters oh yeah I look
like Devin Booker Devin Booker stinky
I'm serious he's like this oh my God
look at the lie I am a little numb but
we'll live there's one chance left and
one girl left so someone snapped that
really on the side of my head right here
okay Oh big sandwich or makes me okay
guys so she has to either let me make
her at a nasty sandwich or a nasty drink
it's up to her I know posted before
we're up and pranking Brian with nasty
drinks and nasty food sounds homicides
god damn guys if you want to check out
that pink where I prank bond with nasty
food I'll leave it in the here um-um-um
wait sandwich sandwich yeah yeah you get
to eat it you're gonna you have to you
know okay I'm with the drink okay do a
drink yeah
blended or you want me to juice it okay
God just know I would have taken it easy
because she's my girlfriend and I love
and she's so good to me but if you
remember a couple minutes ago who was
the only person who drew a pass in this
game so let's just make up for that pass
really quick come join me in the kitchen
let's go in I see art nah oh you can see
guys I will be generous she is on a diet
so I'll put some healthy things in here
I won't
I won't forget that she is on a diet I'm
a really good boyfriend so do I get some
boyfriend points for that we'll see
after the jury Oh mom hold on can you go
along the corner for one second just go
really quick there's a video and I have
to make a drink
this isn't a Shack what happens after
I'm serious what I put in the drink is
just for the video deal
what about No Deal no you can't choose
me with your hospital now I can make the
drink Beth if you said no - I wouldn't
make you the best drink ever but you
said deal no I love you
first let's grab the blender hey you a
lot to eat salad right oh okay
chicken salad this is thanks Luke to my
mom and then oh but I won't waste it
shut up - eat this hey that's enough
wood thing the only lie right protein is
good for I was the Eisen it snappy it
was your mom will put half last money
that's like the lady from the gym if
you're watching this shut up when I
asked for protein my drink I see only
put half a scoop and I say once yes
oh you can get a haircut now yeah it'll
be gone by that time why this is healthy
honey I have clean one no no watch one
wash it wash it - we must do all of the
Leafs or no yeah yeah yeah
Ronna though you're on my team I know
one is one you hey I got that we don't
want to say Dada she's on a diet I'm a
little TLC this is a yellow yellow
oh wait we have a sugar-free jell-o oh
yeah they're pretty healthy he's lazy my
life and maybe oh no that's that could
die from that okay we'll put one last
mix thank you what's a healthy thing for
here we'll put me
yeah but this isn't the final mix I have
a lot of food in the frame okay and top
it off and Coco Crisp this isn't too
healthy but she loves Coco crispy so
you're gonna mix it with water or what
uh hey guys
a little bit of XY oh no shaky before
are any secured it look like this that's
old age is the buyer no oh wait two more
days is okay we want it to be expired
anyway
okay hey guys
let's blend her up
what type of blend would you like would
you like Chris Brown beat that is good
it's nothing oh this cereal strawberry
Mel other things is good all except the
solid the the chicken salad ah the
protein is the word the protein the
protein the protein is the worst I swear
pratik protein protein oh come on over
would you can donate that to Jamba Juice
a stir because we're not using it good
try first a little taste okay
oh yeah sauron what yeah there's nothing
wrong with it I don't think so just hold
your heart that's disgusting
that's not no I can't oh okay it's my
dad's Falls one you have to swallow one
yeah yeah yeah dad go okay babe just try
just try if you don't do it you don't do
it if you don't if you can't do it you
can't do it go I'll give you a massage
if you saw your massage just was it's
not that bad so 22 for 25 if you saw
what you for 25 yeah I swear she did for
225 swear to god he threw up okay guys
guys look there the real gentleman give
me kiss kiss kiss
at least I kept it within your diet am i
right I'm great okay give me a kiss
I throw it away
Oh Bosley well I didn't think of nothing
my girlfriend's dying in my dad didn't
even brush his mouth yeah after the
drink it okay let's hit this outro wait
babe you didn't finish this so long the
blender I'm fine with that you could
throw up on me if you want
kinky peace out
oh my god that's all you I tried to
write Booker okay guys I hope you
enjoyed this would you rather visuals
look at my dish I hope you enjoyed this
would you rather video today kind of
something different than my vlogs if you
did enjoy please be sure to drop a like
we're trying to smash 140 thousand one
hundred thousand one hundred thousand SD
I said okay just drop a like if you
enjoyed this game one three hundred
likes if you like and draw the like
three hundred thousand lines let us know
if you our friends let us know if you
enjoyed this type of video and if you'd
like to see more in the future
shout out to my dad for the spray-paint
shout out to my girlfriend for the
smoothie shout out to my mom for custom
and shout out to me for I don't know I
have no talent I was doing okay but time
in this video thank you guys so much for
watching so I just asked Jackie look
wait I don't think you could tell try to
turn ok well it's like red right here
like a little bump - I was like I'm like
babe why is your head right you have
like a bump and she told me probably on
video I don't know if I I haven't seen
it yet but she hit her head when she was
about to spit it out she hit her head on
the faucet things I'll show on what oh
so so fucking alright so it's bad enough
she had to drink that she was about to
throw up you did throw up
and she also hit her head
would you rather have G spoon of the
patio to scan the basket cheese spoon
you mean shot no yeah
teaspoon is nothing I'm still trying to
think soup what did you request the
deers to be I'm putting you on blast
what did you say yes
what did you say she said can you make
all the deers food so I have an excuse
to eat because she's on a diet right now
so she wants to her excuse to eat junk
food to be that she picked it their prey
my business
snitch your deal autumn yeah not my
secret I'm D book not you
fuzzy what what should be the data what
should be the deers okay what you have
your finger or a ma yeah
okay my dad has one would you rather cut
your finger smash your finger no thanks
dad no mom do you want to do that one
would you rather lick someone's foot or
lick Bob you look okay you look Bosley's
Paul I don't care to look Jackie's toes
oh that's the thing um well they didn't
know that how about we don't let my dad
decide what the last do we are or tries
to kill us who brought this out my dad
is trying to say to spray rain all over
our body for one of the things I swear
yeah you wanted to do it yeah my mom
should be on American Horror Story freak
show don't try this at home
okay fire lit mom mom leave it longer oh
my god okay hurry hurry peak peak the
last one before my daddy pig pick the
last one before my dad come to some
weird shit Hannigan de guiche my dad my
dad's in the toolbox in the garage I
don't know woody strange man just pick
the last one for dishwashing guys so for
one of the dads we're practicing to see
if the rubber bands fit on our face and
mighty
wanted that how do I love my dad want to
put this face okay we're ready let's put
these in a pan and start the challenge
over there Bosley you want to play got
the fear in its eyes
