okay guys so first and foremost afar
throughout the video I just want to
apologize because if I do look ratchet
right now I haven't gotten a haircut in
one week but guess where I'm going in an
hour and a half
oh wait actually in one hour I'm going
to get a haircut so there's my apology
for the video I do look ratchet but it's
fine we need to start this video right
now before I go to my barbershop ah me
and J things are on the way to Michael's
you call me my man name
today is my third game of the basketball
season we are all in 2-0 wins and 2
losses ask me how happy I am about that
I'm not fucking happy about that so we
need to win today but anyways they have
a rule in the league because if you
haven't noticed I don't have a number on
the back of my Jersey when I bought it
it didn't have a number and they have a
rule if you don't have a number on your
jersey by the third week then that's a
technical foul and they give the other
team 3 points to start the game so for
example if I show up with no number on
the back of my Jersey not only do I get
one technical foul but they also give 3
points to the opposing team to start the
game and I don't want to be the reason
that the other team gets three points so
we are on the way to Michaels to buy a
jersey number first of all I'm getting
number 0 a lot of people think I like to
wear number 0 for Russell Westbrook no I
don't I just like to win number 0
because I like the number if I were to
wear one for a player it would have been
number one for D book Devin Booker or I
would have worn number two for Eric but
so I just wear number zero because I
like it that's always been my number so
I'm going to buy the number zero and
then are you gonna iron it off for me
okay and then jack is gonna iron onto my
jersey so no technical foul for me today
and then after that we are going to the
barbershop I'm hyped for that and then
later on tonight at 6:00 or 6:30 I have
my game so like I said zero wins and two
losses
ah
today we're playing the only undefeated
team in the league today we're playing
the only team who is 3a No
so that's not going to be easy but um I
so know in barber shop which is the best
part of my day the best thing of my life
actually campus got just a couple of
days ago actually one of my friends
snapchatting me and he said bro have you
checked the league website and I said no
I haven't checked the website and he
sent me a snapchat picture of and I was
actually the number one scorer in the
league so far
so I'm averaging I guess 20 and a half
points per game which is number one in
the league and I mean I'm proud of
myself of course but when you look at
what's next to the point leaders which
is the standings my team is still oh and
2-0 wins and 2 losses so as proud as I
am of myself for leading the league in
scoring which I had no idea I was doing
I'd still rather get wins so honestly if
you asked me I would trade every single
point that I scored this season if we
can get wins like I would rather average
zero points and my team have two wins
then averaged 20 points per game and
have two losses that's just me but I
don't know that was pretty cool I've
never been number one in scoring in the
league see guys I'm honestly debating
pretty hard should I go with number zero
which is what I've always been or should
I get number one for Devin Booker I
don't know I might stick with number
zero that's what I was every time i
played in the league guys I'm hyped
though I've never been number one in
scoring is the first time let's see if I
can keep it up till the end of the
season that would be crazy for me
yeah like that oh wait those are
glittery hmm guys so we're having
trouble finding a normal number zero it
might have been right here
oh yeah look number Y and it looks like
they ran out that's too small okay guys
so they might have ran out of the number
that all supposed to get which would
suck because I have a haircut
appointment and I still don't finish
editing my video so I don't really have
time to go to another store and I don't
want to give the other team three points
and have my team blame me for that
okay guys I may have to take the El and
get the glitter one look this is iron on
glitter numbers they even have an
example look it's a glittery can't be
the leading scorer of the lead with a
glittery number on my back but I might
have to take that el I don't know guys
look I had to go the glittery one cuz
they didn't have Danna you do though
yeah they have a zero out leaves right
there but yeah they ran out they ran out
of any white ones or any black non
glittery ones so I have to take the El
for the rest of the fucking season and
wear a glittery jersey number yeah I'm
gonna just say Jackie forced me to wear
that shit so you can't take it off how
intimidating is that the number one
scorer in the league wearing a glittery
number zero on the back of the jersey
hey guys so I just came back home
finished up my video I just uploaded it
and now I'm on my way to look I don't
use the same fuck guys I spilled my
Pringles in my fucking car fuck look at
this they all fell in my car okay guys
well now I have to do a fake smile now
I'm on my way to the haircut it would
have been like this Friday spill my
Pringles yeah all the weights might go
get my haircut but now it's like this
on the way to go beyond my haircut fuck
why die why my cell clumsy
oh yeah hey guys so I just finished up
my Los Angeles Lakers NBA season preview
slash prediction video in case you guys
didn't know I'm doing a season preview
slash prediction video for every single
team in the league all 30 teams I'm
doing 30 different videos and those
videos are going to be up on my NBA
channel if that's something you are
interested in I'm going over all of what
they did in the offseason how I think
they're gonna do whether I think they're
gonna make the playoffs or not like I
said not just for the LA Lakers that's
just the video I did right now but I'm
doing it for every single team in the
league so that's something that
interests you check out my NBA channel
the link is in the description below
well you I heard you talking shit about
me guys my girlfriend bought me food but
I had to finish editing my video what oh
you guys are too handsome I'm afraid -
sure - people imagine the screen crash
because of how ugly me and Bryan are
guys so my game is in less than two
hours it's like in an hour and a half my
girlfriend brought me food
shoutout j figs guys if you wonder why I
call her J figs it's cuz that's what
everyone calls you her last name's
Figueroa suffix I don't know which one's
mine did you bring me a taco oh shit ok
I'll put that back ok guys now we're
before my game we're gonna try to iron
on this number Bosley do you know how to
do it because we're struggling to know
how to do this I don't know why the
instructions are so complicated on the
back of the numbers but it shouldn't be
this hard look look there's literally
like 12 steps look at this
iron-on transfer instructions pre wash
preheat away the irons right there we
don't have it we didn't even have an
ironing board here Bob can you help
please
I have an idea since we don't have an
iron board can you just iron on my back
you could honestly I don't even need to
wear jerseys just iron the fucking
number on my back I'm so skinny the
number would probably go through you
don't even need a iron board
sadly I'm this skinny Bosley Bosley can
you give me some of your weight
please I'll take 5 pounds off your hands
babe would that be a good trade cuz I'm
too skinny and bald Lee's too fat Bosley
we could trade I swear I'll make that
trade I want five or ten of your pounds
stop doing that don't do that okay well
what what are you doing right now what's
the process now now he's on to your feet
Bosley he said you stink weight
prediction time you know the rules win
or lose how many points and then how
many points I score playing guys we're
playing the only team that's three and
OH three wins of zero so we're one two
zero wins and two losses and that team
is three and our number one team in the
league 25:25 okay wait you predicted
mine right last time you said 22 I swear
yeah so you said I'm gonna score 25 and
you said we're gonna lose by how much
we're playing the best team in the
league you're gonna lose by 8 points
most okay lose by 8 and I'ma scored 25
you put pressure on me babe
yeah that's fine honestly I don't care
if it's not too centered hmm they do
this hey I wanted you to iron the number
on my back really hey I want to do it
guys I'm actually the world's best iron
er that's my award for the streamys this
iron er of the year what wait did you
peel anything off the thing was I
supposed yes okay guys without a fail
from the both of us so we have to try
again
round two okay hold on it's not ironed
on hold on guys okay guys I was trying
to iron it on so I can show up white
because I didn't want the glitter to
show as you guys can tell but it's not
ironing on on the white side so we have
to do with the glitter side sadly
guys I would help her but I have a
history of every single thing I ever
touch or try to do just ends up being a
fail that's why my dad never lets me
help them around the house okay guys I
need to go get ready for my game the
glittery let's see if glittery bro wad
is his good luck like I said a million
times maybe I haven't said it in this
video but I've said it a million times
in all my other basketball videos I
don't like to lose
I hate when my team loses it like I
could lose him life I could lose
whatever matters in life but I hate
losing in basketball I hate it I hate I
hate it yeah guys I just like I don't
know what it is the second I step on the
basketball court it's like a completely
different I'm like a completely
different person I just don't like to
lose I don't know how many times I could
repeat that I do not like to lose
basketball games I play to win I like to
win basketball games in that hasn't
happened this season zero wins and two
losses
hmm and now of course we play the best
team in the league so I wonder how
there's gonna go I just need some help
from my teammates honestly I need it
last game we scored 31 points and I
scored 22 out of 31 that's not okay I
need some help okay guys so for
everybody asking because I have a lot of
not only a lot of you guys subscribers
supporters asking me to play but I have
a lot of friends that watch my videos
that are asking me to play because after
watching my past couple games they said
that I need help from my teammates well
the thing about that I would love to
invite one of you guys or more to play
with us because like I said I do need
help
but it's not my team so that's one
problem I can't bring people on myself
it's not my team and the other problem
is the roster has already filled there's
already nine players so there's no room
for more people I would love to invite
some of my friends to play but that's
not the case first game I score 19 out
of my team's 32 points the second game I
scored 22 out of 31 so I'm I'm scoring a
lot of my team's points and a lot of
people are commenting oh you need so
much help from your team they need to
help you out I just need some help from
like I just need a little bit of help
because even though my team has looked
very bad and none of them are scoring
too much we've only been losing by like
six or seven points so
look guys I'm averaging 20 and a half
points per game and guess who the next
leading scorer on my team is he's
averaging four points per game four so
if I can just get someone to give me
like I don't know eight or nine points a
game not four
then that would be fine like even though
my team is playing really bad we're not
getting blown out we're losing close
games so I don't need someone to score
like 30 or 40 points I just need someone
to score like 10 could you believe that
and the next person right behind me
averages 4 points a game that balance is
way too off anyways I've noticed that I
play basketball way better when I'm
pissed so like just like for example
last week when the dude was pissing me
off
I scored 22 points I made five
three-pointers I just play better when
I'm pissed off even at the gym when
someone pisses me off or in general like
if I get a bad grade in school or when
the sons lose or like I just get I just
get mad when I go to play basketball for
some reason I play better it's like I
take out my anger emotion so I told
Jackie I was like oh my girlfriend's
like just just fucking make that all no
start over give me a go cheat on me or
something do something to get me mad so
uh we'll see ya guys that's actually a
true story if you play your favorite
sport when you're mad for whatever
reason you play so much better so I need
to get mad before this game maybe I
should just watch your son's game from
last year again that possibly one of the
buzzer beaters we've lost guys I just
got this text from my teammate and I
quote he literally just texted me saying
hey bro we know we're not good
I know you scored 22 points out of 31
last game but we need you to do more and
housing the reply was gonna be like what
do you mean do more like but he
literally just sex me he's like bro he
pretty much told me just take over the
game he told me he said that they wanted
to make the playoffs and they know
they're not good enough to win games on
their own so he literally told me like
just just win this game for us so I
literally have so much pressure because
not every team makes the playoffs so if
we lose another game and we go to Owen 3
it's gonna be really hard to make the
playoffs so you pretty much text me
instead bro you're the best player on
the team we know we're not that good so
just get this win for us and ah so much
pressure
the serie looks nice
are you kidding me no it's because we
can find a number of that puss
baby you look hot glitter
you can't tell though
my wife my closet like shop forever 21
something you say that looks like oh I'm
gonna cut your nose and the legs
I don't know where you're going but in
scope
yeah
he's so funny to watch
ha
wait timeout
playing good defense though
you
I'm still mad he's gonna go to
homecoming because I wanted to get to
you you know
go big
two more points I don't know I'm
confused go baby
what do you get when I mean now
babe
we switch some that we're on the left so
we
so we score on the left this bar on the
right
I want my I want him to throw ham
yeah 18 to 11 go baby
guys the camera died but that guy pushed
him out of the way so now
you
go baby
23:17
you
very sweet they face a little elastic
smells good
you
you
you
we're usually ready for me
from his header a year
man it
Oh
guys I got a gash on my head I still
haven't seen it yet
we're guys club beautiful Sanchez I'm
quitting
I'm not going to a doctor's because I'm
not getting stitches there's a rule that
if you leave you have to leave the game
so I was trying to hide my blood from
the Rebs and I hid it for a couple of
minutes yeah I know and then they caught
it I call my girlfriend I was like I was
like look don't say anything and then
they caught it
the guy's fucking dug his teeth into my
hand but hey we got the way so you could
bash my head everything that way I need
to cover it dougies teeth got the Hat 22
points mighty 928 and I had 22
guys I'm so high we won finally of
course we beat the undefeated team the
other quote
guys say what's up to my friend Aaron we
won he's Owen that sent me a picture of
my leading sword I was like what is it
like look they're leading the weak one
though I don't know someone dug his
teeth or like warriors down what time's
your game alright bro good luck yeah
guys there's like a rule that if you
bleed obviously you have to leave the
court for obvious reasons and so I I
felt it like drift and I looked at my
girlfriend I was like oh sháá masala
and then like after a couple minutes I
was just trying to wipe it with my
Jersey and then the refs ah hey
go walk your head and I was like I BAM
guys we won I'm so hyped God isn't that
ridiculous though I had 22 points and
the rest of my team had 6 that is not
okay but I don't care cuz we got the win
so I'm happy
hopefully I don't need stitches because
I do not want to go to the doctors but
we're good guys okay
at first when it happened and like a
little bit after I didn't even feel
anything like I didn't hurt maybe it was
the adrenaline cuz I was trying to win
the game but now that like I'm not
driving back home this shit fucking
hurts like my head is throbbing and
they're like blood keeps dripping down
me I'm gonna try to tame the blood when
I get home but if it doesn't stop
bleeding all the stuff to go maybe get
stitches I ask the rest if you thought I
needed stitches he said he doesn't think
so but I should get it checked out so
we'll see what to do but yeah when I was
playing like after happened my
girlfriend was like oh my god babe and
like I didn't even feel the pain because
you know when like your adrenaline rush
is just too high you know it was a close
game and I just wanted to keep playing
so I didn't feel the pain but then now
it fucking hurts it fucking hurts really
bad so see what to do about this but
anyways guys I really don't care because
we got the win finally we beat that
undefeated team our defense honestly
look my team isn't that good on offense
obviously as you guys have seen from
these first three games but I'm gonna
give them credit for their defense
because holding the only undefeated team
in the league to under 30 points for a
whole game that's amazing so shout out
to my team for playing good deed
honestly if they're gonna play defense
like that I don't mind
uh carrying the team on offense guys you
know what I feel like
remember when LeBron took that trash
Cleveland Cavaliers team to the finals
when they got killed by the Spurs
he had Danielle Marshalls and ruinous
Ilgauskas bad team I feel like LeBron on
that team except LeBron is 300 times 300
million times a player I'll ever be but
that's what I feel like and honestly I'm
up for the challenge my teammate last
week told me you know what he said you
know what we know we just picked you up
one day before the season we know you've
never played with any of these guys we
know you're new to the team but you're
our star player you're gonna be a
full-time starter and we want you to
take over and win games red for us and
and then today he texted me before the
game and he told me he said hey I want
you to win this game for us and I am up
for the challenge honestly I'm a
competitor I love to win and I don't
care how bad or how sucky my teammates
are i'ma play to win every single game
so one win and two losses but I feel
like this win is gonna get us going so
shout-out to my teammates I enjoy
playing today
know why because look at your blood
you're bleeding I know but it doesn't
hurt I know little money
anyone honor mom I don't have a
concussion no I actually like cuz I ran
it I ran into this guy's teeth and then
I know and then I didn't even know it
was bleeding then I found out it was
bleeding but I remember that there was a
rule it's like if you bleed you have to
spit out because you can't get blood
obviously so I was trying to hide the
blood from the refs and then they caught
it after a couple minutes so they made
me wipe it but we won you want yeah how
many how many
22 yeah I don't know how we won mom I
had 22 and then the total we had was 28
does that be the panel it hurts but I'm
just gonna try to stop the bleeding cuz
I don't want to go to the doctor
laughter yeah well I know I'm gonna try
to shower right now
how many thirtyish of the brand itself
okay you gotta love the overprotective
mother huh no I'm just joking I love my
mom she's so overprotective she treats
me like I'm two years old but honestly I
love it that just shows how much she
cares for me a lot of people say oh your
mom still babies you whatever I don't
care I love it I'm a mama's boy that's
how my first tattoo was my mom and dad's
name in their language dad we won and we
were playing the undefeated team the
only team that was three I know Bosley
we won give me five give me five by four
oh yeah yeah when we win Buzzle you want
to join the team and play you want to go
to the gym and play basketball yeah you
can play what do you want to play point
guard or you want to play no you can
play Center because you're fat so you
can guard the middle no good yeah this
so there's my first time singing in the
mirror it's just small gash but usually
the small ones are the worst ones but I
got the blood on my Jersey that's how
the refs caught it they said it was
dripping down and I was like fuck but
you know what happened we won so I don't
care about any blood or into that shape
can we just keep Obama for four more
years honestly what do we need a Hillary
or Trump for guys my girlfriend says
she's gonna be my personal doctor after
I shower who are you who mere Meredith
Grey guys I've never seen Grey's Anatomy
because one time Jackie was watching it
to start a fucking crying and I was like
fuck I'm not yeah there's like before we
had kiss or anything so I was like wait
do I like put my arm around her or why
the fuck I was like I mean I don't get
why you're crying it's not a son's game
like if the sons were losing I
understand why you cry but Grey's
Anatomy no guys I just thought about it
this is when she knew I was crazy I was
watching the suns and Lakers game at her
house and she had never watched her
son's game with me and Brandon Knight
crossed up Mauricio Hoyos and I fucking
jumped up I was like oh my god and she
was like wha
yeah I was like you don't understand and
then now now now she's literally the one
who's counting down for NBA season she
was literally naming all the Sun slurs
to me and yesterday she tweeted can't
wait for the NBA season to start what a
changed woman
no Jackie now actually knows a lot about
bass laughter watching of me but anyways
whoo I'm so lucky I got my hair cut
today cuz imagine if I had to get a
haircut
tomorrow or like imagine fighting at a
haircut today and I had one scheduled
like tomorrow the next day with this
gash
could you imagine the razor going like
this on my gash so good thing I got it
out the way today cuz you know me even
if I had to get stitches or if it kept
bleeding if I had a haircut appointment
tomorrow I would still go I wouldn't
turn it down you are a snitch diello
D'Angelo Russell guys she said I got a
foot massage
ice and she's bring me pizza and she
also said and you know so Oh sir the
person who bashed my head and dug his
teeth in could you please do this every
week please every day I mean I so I
think we have a problem with this so I
thought it was like dumb bleeding I
hopped in the shower and like obviously
it burned when I put shampoo but I was
like okay it's dumb bleeding then I get
the towel to wipe my hair and look it's
clearly not done bleeding and it's been
like I'd say like two hours since it
happened so that's obviously not a good
sign I thought it was done I was wiping
my head lightly cuz alright okay still
hurts but it's not bleeding's we're
setting a picture - Jackie's mom cuz
your mom's a nurse her mom's a nurse so
oh no this isn't good I mean it doesn't
hurt that bad right yeah it doesn't hurt
that bad but obviously the still
bleeding by now is not good just not did
I do my cake it's open next week guys
did I do Michael Jordan flu game fucking
bash my head bleeding down my head might
need stitches and I stayed in the game
is still one that's balda I'm guys I'm
just happy my haircut still looks fresh
honestly
look tapirs still nice to face so nice
no that was Michael hey you Michael
Jordan flu game anyone but no honestly
this isn't funny guys cuz I don't want
to go to the doctors so the blood still
coming so it's time for some rubbing
alcohol there's gonna be the worst of my
life okay fine I'm ready for the burn
okay guys I'm ready for the burn yeah
just go wish squish no no push my ass
while I do put more oh this is how you
treat a man so he doesn't cry nobody's
crying but it does help them squishing
your ass burger just go it feels good
when my hand is here thanks Nurse Jackie
guys Jackie Dee actually just got caught
murdering 11 people and hiding them in
her home
another one imagine I have a fucking
concussion on this laughing do you feel
weird
no I feel falling I'm serious I must be
concussed folks I'm not feeling the
rubbing alcohol yup your breath I'm just
joking I know I'm just joking wait show
them guys my hair I'm missing a chunk of
here fuck now I'm pissed
no hold on now I'm pissed we are yeah I
said I don't care if I get a concussion
I don't care how about it hurts as long
as my taper and my fate is still fresh
well it's not anymore it turns out I'm
missing a fucking chunk of hair look
this is let's put the rubbing alcohol
this isn't me when I'm not touching
Jackie's ass oh wow
and then this is me when I'm grabbing it
guys look how caring Bosley is honestly
Bosley might be the one with the
concussion he looks out oh never mind
Bosley hey Dad I didn't even wake him up
he just woke up by himself my dad hates
when I would Bosley dad I didn't even
wake him up Bosley go back to sleep
Rach Oh fine
okay Bosley go on the couch good go back
on the couch go Ron's gonna kill me
go go go on the couch go three two one
ahhh guys jack is making me pizza wait
babe I said I want to make it what oh I
got soda yes how can i still be bleeding
it's been like two and a half hours
no yeah as long as it's no stitches we
good I hear it sizzling do you want
pizza guys she's still on her diet fuck
who was the guy that fucking bit me Bugs
Bunny fuck I know of course was the
biggest guy on the team please guys is
my girlfriend my girlfriend or my nurse
oh oh there's Bruce Bochy guys you know
boats used to be the manager for the
Padres
my family's project fans obviously San
Diego look Cubs have to on no outs top
of the ninth this is an elimination game
for the Giants guys last night I watched
the 13 inning game that the giant ended
up winning it was going on to almost
midnight I'm not really a huge baseball
fan but i watch i watch playoff baseball
I don't mind I don't hate baseball
bro you just almost gave up the game
what are you doing this for yeah I don't
mind watching I don't hate baseball like
a lot of people think it's boring and
it's like not interesting I don't I
don't think that way I mean I don't
watch it religiously obviously but I
don't hate it though uh-oh two runners
on both in scoring position a single
likely ties the game a home run gives
them the lead let's see what happens
guys
look at my girlfriend continuing on with
her diet good job I have a pizza right
here and she has her salad and fish got
shut up no shout-out to my girlfriend
guys everybody needs a girlfriend like
this taking care of me while I'm I don't
know
will you call this oh my god
tie game dad man I what okay hold on I
need to see my dad's reaction oh my god
my dad's rooting for the Giants cuz
we're in California their California
team
Asli here what was it five to going
tonight
Wow Wow
god no shout-out to my girlfriend
everybody needs a girlfriend like her
taking care of me bringing me food she
promised me a foot massage let's not
freak let's not forget about that but
yeah shout out to her and she has curfew
because her mom is Hispanic and a little
bit crazy but we still love her but
she's staying late so that she could
take care of me thank you babe oh my god
the flash is so bright yeah okay now we
switch thanks the Giants are down to the
final two outs babe babe why don't you
like baseball cuz it was the first thing
I've ever watched since I came to this
country and the Padres sucked
they still do sadly okay well they
really were really bad and honestly like
I think the only thing I could remember
is the fact that my sister threw my hot
dog on the floor so we were fighting in
like three hours now and it's still
bleeding I might have to go it's still
bleeding and I just looked it up and it
said that it was just a minor cut or
something small that it should have
stopped bleeding within 15 to 45 minutes
and like I said it's been much longer
than that so now I'm just getting mad
because I'm tired I want to go to sleep
but it obviously keeps bleeding
tomorrow I probably can't play
basketball now and I was planning on
going to the gym to play basketball but
I probably shouldn't play right now hmm
I met guys I just told my girlfriend now
because my girlfriend said I don't like
that you kept playing after that
happened to your head like she was
saying I should have sat out but we only
had five players on the team today so if
I had to come out if I sat out because
of what happened we would have only had
four meaning we would have had to
forfeit so I said no way I'm playing I
did not want to forfeit the game
so I played and then we ended up winning
thankfully okay guys so it's like 3:20
a.m. I just woke up I went to the
bathroom so I could kind of clean it off
and the bleeding has almost stopped
completely there was barely any blood
and honestly that might just be the
dried-up blood so the bleeding is almost
completely done I do feel a little
lightheaded
um now I'm not sure if that's from just
me being tired or whatever but am I go
get it checked out when I wake up fully
for um an infection I don't know if
where the hell that guy's mouth has been
cuz like I said it was his teeth not his
elbow so I might want to get a checked
out for an infection but one last time
before I go back to sleep just shout out
to my girlfriend man she she always
comes through no matter like whether I'm
sick or she's just cheap every time I
think I've seen the best of my
girlfriend she just always finds more
ways to impress me like don't know shout
out to her mom for raising her or shout
out to poop I don't know she just she's
an amazing person and I love my
girlfriend every time I think okay like
I've seen the best of her which is
already good enough she just always she
does more and more and more she's been
texting me saying up with me trying to
call me and I'm just like babe I'm fine
like go to sleep and she's just like no
I like volleyball so shout-out to her
man she's she's amazing but it's time
for me to go back to sleep I just
started reading some things in my friend
star text me like you need to get a
check for an infection like
like the cut isn't that big but what if
the dude was I don't want to say it to
be mean but what if the dude was like
dirty I don't want hit like because they
want to open cuts I don't want any germs
or anything okay speaking of all this
infection and the guy being dirty now
I'm paranoid I'm go put some more
rubbing alcohol on it
hi Boswell stay asleep don't wake up
