do you want to buy coke off my mom guys
Brian's leaving Brian's going to the
phase house I thought he was going to LA
but literally two minutes
he's been Tommy's going to a phase house
for five days and I just assumed he was
going to LA two hours away
he thought I was driving there and stuff
and I'm like I got to go catch my flight
what do you mean what you're going to
New York so I just found out that my
brother's going to New York for five
days the only good part is that I could
upload whenever I want now cuz we don't
have to share the whoa
I'll miss you man cause you ran up
pulled up on me when I was washing my
face yeah
accordin me Bosley are you gonna miss
Brian I know Bosley are you gonna miss
Brian guys I'm on show you guys a
picture of how Bosley was when I woke up
mom I haven't showed you okay how does
bolts again my room every night what do
we have to do to sleep and then yeah
guys we Bosley hate sleeping in my room
but I make him do it every night because
I love him like I love Bob he doesn't
love me back when I love him so I like
when he sleeps in my room he never goes
in my room I always have to wait till he
falls asleep and he's in a deep sleep
and then I pick him up literally break
my back cuz how much does loss away like
eighty nine pounds so I like that so I
pick him up and I yeah like three
hundred eighty nine so I drag him in my
room and then once he finally wakes up
like around 7 or 8 a.m. he always tries
to get out he like scratches my door or
he cries well today he just was petty
he didn't make noise he didn't scratch
my door he didn't try to open it I woke
up and I saw him look other side of the
picture
if that's not petty I don't know what is
he literally just rested his nose like
outside the door and didn't even look at
me turned his ass to my face Bosley
petty petty we're gonna miss Brian yeah
I don't know like yeah see mom
yeah see Brian doesn't miss me but I
miss Brian like the house just isn't the
same like I don't wake up and I hear
what's going on guys phase around the
years the day yeah and nothing was the
same oh yeah guys we are gonna miss
Brian actually my dad isn't gonna miss
you though my dad mom hey guys my
girlfriend is actually what's your diet
called
Oh what do you do her diet salt I want
to kill myself diet yeah look her
breakfast is only a pair she had to eat
a pair for breakfast what's your lunch
veggies or that your dinner the veggies
okay so her breakfast lunch yeah I would
call that diet kill myself diet too so
she's going on is this your juicing diet
or no not completely huh this is not a
juicing diet huh no this isn't the
juicing diet but she does drink what's
the so what did the juice called
antioxidant whatever I don't know what
the fuck she's doing but we're on
opposite pads she's trying to diet and
lose weight I don't know why you're
trying to lose weight I don't know why
but okay last time I told that she said
big I'm not in shape I'm not fit to be
so okay fine I won't tell you that
anymore
but so excited from the back I know
about looks like okay guys so wrong off
the path she's trying to lose weight and
die and I'm trying to I'm Carly dan you
ate my waffles and
she's taking her diet really seriously
now guys don't ever talk girl know if a
girl wants you on a diet don't say baby
you don't even need to go on a diet
what's the point already skinny because
then they say no no you see I used to be
I'm not seeing anymore blah blah I just
say let me touch your tummy I said let
me see that Winnie the Pooh belly you
said you want it to be winning the Pooh
then when I call you Winnie the Pooh
belly you get mad okay fine go Bosley go
oh my god do you know what I'm talking
about when you eat the waffles too fast
and you get the heart attack guys the
same thing happens with like rice when
you just eat too fast
oh well time anymore I'm hungry and I'm
going to the gym in 53 minutes to play
basketball and then to lift after so I
have to eat I'm going out today okay I'm
not in the mood I want to play
basketball but I also haven't worked out
in three days so I have to lift a little
today but do you want to go to the gym
and work out I'll put the tree on the
treadmill so you can run faster do you
like that and I'll put some chicken and
beef jerky and steak on the treadmill
I'll put chicken okay you guys so I'm
actually my mom's room I know why I'm
here but I'm about to leave to the gym
for the first time
today's Monday the last time I went to
the gym was Thursday so Friday Saturday
Sunday no gym for three days I didn't
step foot on a basketball court for
three days I didn't lift a single weight
for three days I didn't walk into a
place that I go to every single day
sometimes even twice a day and if you
guys want to know why it's because I've
been working so much harder on my videos
I don't know if you guys can tell a lot
of you guys do I see it in the comment
section down below
I've been trying to improve my content
and even if it's not booting my content
I've been trying to improve my editing
style I've been working really hard to
improve my editing skills just little
things such as some transitions dong in
some pictures here just the little
things that you guys actually notice
which I'm surprised um there are a lot
of people in the comment section that
said hey Brandon your editing is getting
better
we appreciate it you know your content
is getting better but what happens with
that it obviously takes longer it takes
more time it takes more work so for the
past couple of days and I say for the
past week I've been my videos have been
taking about I'd say six hours to edit
at least obviously it's been cutting
into my gym time and most important more
importantly yeah it sucks to be missing
out on the gym it's not to be playing
basketball for a whole weekend which by
the way I haven't I can't remember the
last time I didn't go to the gym for
three days it's probably been like years
and years and years since I went three
days without hitting the gym so I do
miss that place but more importantly
it's cutting time out between me and my
girlfriend you know she comes over
because I tell her I'm almost done
editing and it turns out I just edit for
hours and hours and hours and she comes
over and she ends up just falling asleep
on my bed and I feel bad you know I look
at her she came over with the plans to
hang out whether that's just me and her
chilling in bed or whether that's us
going out to eat and that's what she
planned on doing but instead she comes
over and she just falls asleep because I
did my videos and so today I just
decided this is kind of my apology time
is my apology that you guys can't tell
this video was really short and I
actually was gonna take the day off
today I tweeted earlier on Twitter that
I wasn't uploading but I just got this
really weird feeling when I don't upload
a video and I don't like it so I guess
this is my day off just uploading a
really short video I hate taking 4 days
off I hate not uploading so I'm glad I
got to get at least something up for you
guys you know I figured my brother's
leaving to the face off my girlfriend
starting her serious die I'm taking her
to the gym right now with me also hope
you guys an accept my apology like I
said a lot of you guys have actually
noticed in the comment section I've been
getting a lot of tweets and comments on
my video saying hey Brandon you know we
noticed that you've improved your
editing and we love it or we noticed
that your content is getting better and
we love it so thank you guys so
for noticing that hey the hard work pays
off you know I thought I was working
hard before you can always get better I
thought I was doing good before I
thought I was working hard before no
I've taken in a separate thing it shows
it's cut out of my gym time and cut out
of my time of my girlfriend but um so
yeah I guess today is sort of my day off
and I'm about to hit the gym right now
for the first time in three days like I
said I was probably like 16 or 17 years
old the last time I didn't go to gym for
a whole weekend so I missed that place I
miss all my friends over there I miss
playing basketball I mean I guess I did
play basketball against the clown if you
guys saw that skates my last video I've
been recording videos that I've never
really recorded before and I've I've
been trying to implement these new types
of edits that I've never tried before so
it just takes time to get you students
from my past couple videos I'd say for
like the past week I've just been trying
new things and I swear you guys have
noticed so thank you so much for that
like I said I had thought I was working
hard before I thought I was doing the
best that I could before and it turns
out I wasn't because now that I see it
now that I've taken it a step further
now I see sucks not going to June but
more importantly it's taking time out me
and my girlfriend I feel bad for her
like she has stuff to do she's taking
full-time college courses she works
full-time so on I don't like to waste
your time I don't want to tell her to
come over and just end up doing my own
work while she just falls asleep I feel
about I look at her and she she wants to
hang out with me that's why she's over
you know like I said we already don't
get that much time for a relationship
like to hang out because obviously she
goes to school full-time she works on
those full-time and then I do my videos
so I just don't want it to kind of take
this day as a day off I hope you guys
don't mind that too much I was spending
my time with my girlfriend go to gym and
then hang out there for the rest of the
day but anyways I hope you guys did
enjoy this video I'm gonna miss my
brother I hope he has a ton of fun out
there in New York I sorta thought my
Bible was going to los angeles like two
hours away but uh yeah it's time for me
to hit the gym I missed that place so
there's gonna be fun
what how long have my past couple videos
taken me to edit seven guys she's been
she's been coming over to hang out and
then just ends up falling asleep on my
bed
so on so this is this is my day off I'm
just gonna upload this really short vlog
and then we could spend the rest of the
day together
say bye well the lighting sucks here if
you guys have noticed my content
improving or my editing skills improving
I've been trying to do one or the other
if it's not the editing skills that I
implement into one video then I at least
try to make the content way better and
if the content isn't as good for that
video I try to make the video better
with better editing so I've just been
working way harder than I used to and I
used to think that that was already
working hard so I'm actually proud of
myself right now my girlfriend told me
she was proud of me my mom and dad even
told me they noticed a difference in my
videos so on with better videos comes a
little bit of cost so I'm about to go to
gym right now like I said for the first
time in a couple of days and it's been
years I'm telling you I can't even
remember the last time I went three
straight days without hitting the gym so
I'm glad to finally go back and I hope
you guys understand and I hope you guys
still enjoyed this really short vlog let
Brian know you miss him well you guys
don't live with him anyways but okay
guys I only wore one song than I
remembered
I forgot to say something about my
girlfriend let's give it weight this
lighting sucks let's give a huge shout
out and a round of applause for my
girlfriend for no not for the prank
don't congratulate her on the prank not
that I'm talking about the skit in case
you guys didn't see the skid that we did
I didn't know that she she was good so
credit her she was dying in that clown
mask outside playing basketball that was
a most I've ever seen her sweat so yeah
okay and over there not in bed but ya
know shout-out to my girlfriend for
helping me out with the skit in case you
guys haven't seen that video you can
check it out don't stop I see you guys
tweet her ohh great job on the prank
good job getting Brandon I love you guys
I don't appreciate that she killed me
she killed me with that prank she put me
to bed with that prank guys
but no seriously let's give her a big
round of applause for the skit yesterday
she took this really long to plan that
out and really long to execute it the
skit yesterday and she was in the clown
mask the whole time and it's really hot
down here in San Diego so shout-out to
her not for the prank dude I'm not
giving credit for the prank I don't care
maybe when I finally got her back then I
could just be laughing about the prank
but it is actually gonna be tough to top
that she said you're never gonna get me
back that's good and I'm not gonna argue
that because for me to get her back is
one thing but to get her bleep as well
11 for me to get her back as good as she
fucking scared me like I don't even
wanna strike out my underwear after that
praying so imma have to top it off can
you show us your meal prep really quick
hey guys we're gonna see her meal fit
that's my actually stupid the definition
of a day off means do not upload do not
vlog do not post for me the definition
of a day off is just up I'm telling you
guys when I when I don't upload for a
whole day I just feel so like I feel so
empty and I see the tweets from you guys
that say bro where's your video you know
we miss your upload it's weird not
seeing it in my sub box and I feel so
bad and I'm just like oh I'm so sorry
guys I couldn't upload today so yes I
did tweet earlier that I wasn't gonna
upload but no I just I wanted to get
something for you guys okay wait let's
see it so that's the antioxidant
infusion whatever-the-hell juice
Brasilia blueberry
two pairs pair this is fish and veggies
salad that's my snack and veggies
veggies so yeah wait how long is this
gonna last two weeks okay
that's a one-day diet right guys now
really the double socks are on and it's
time to go play mom tell the vlog when
was the last time I didn't go to the gym
for three days in a row never no mom you
know it's like I missed a whole year my
friends and I play bass always were
texting saying bro where have you been
where are you just cuz I haven't been
for three days it's like I missed ten
years I'm telling you guys all getting
snapchats and tags from like my gym
friends and they were texted they were
texting me like bro where have you been
we haven't seen you I'm like it's been
three days they're like yeah but three
days for you
the way is so long we already won three
games but I just lost
you're so ready guys we're out here
getting a smoothie right now
okay wait come here you saw me play that
game how many points did I score out of
13 no I scored 12 out of 13 points I
made five threes in a row while we play
one yeah I hit the walks I got so pissed
yeah no my I got super pissed cuz I made
all my shots
every single shot I took I made and we
had game points so we needed one more
point yeah and someone didn't pass me
the ball and they missed it and I was
wide open after me here here's the rule
of basketball it's an unwritten rule if
somebody's making all their shots
thank you if somebody's making all their
shots you should keep passing them the
ball because basketball is mental so
them they keeping all the shots so I got
super pissed and I hit the wall but then
I scored game point the very next play
so I made 12 out of 13 points and we won
we came back that was honestly maybe the
best pickup game I played so I was super
happy I made five threes and twos two
ones look how red she is
like when you make it I want to yell but
everybody else is yelling so I just feel
like I don't want to get like in between
like every single guy oh well yeah guys
that was good we were looting we were
down we were losing and then you came
back I don't know how I hit every single
shot I was guarded but in basketball if
you just keep making your shots I swear
somehow all your other shots just keep
going in it's all mental but yeah I'd
say that's the biggest rule of
basketball if someone keeps making their
shots it doesn't matter if they're
guarded or anything if someone keeps
making their shots it's called a heat
check just keep giving them the balls
until they miss and guys don't get me
wrong I'm not selfish I didn't get mad
because he didn't pass me the ball I got
mad because he didn't pass me the ball
after I made it and then he missed if he
didn't pass me the ball he made it I
don't care and then we won good for him
we won I don't care but you take a bad
shot when I'm wide open and then you
miss like mm-hmm
but no I'm not saying oh even if he made
I would have been mad no if he made him
we won't I wouldn't care I'm tempting
her look where I'm at do you want a
burrito I said I'm so hungry
guys I'm getting a burrito post jam
burrito I need to gain weight what I
even my life hey can I do a California
burrito
um easy on the Pico and extra cheese
okay and that's it thank you thank you
easy on the piquant means you know how
when they put put their hand like this
easing is just a little bit like that oh
he loves me watch guys watch he's so
happy
wait my card is in my bed yeah guys so
imma eat a burrito when we get home and
Jack is eating cucumber anyways guys I
know I said I want to upload today but
here I am uploading this video and if
you check out my NBA channel I'm doing
I'm posting a couple videos two or three
I'm not sure how many yet but yeah can I
get the mild red salsa thank you I'll
deliver my tips this is nice
they always speak Spanish to me I don't
look book and means but I just go along
with it he always does it he thinks I'm
Spanish thank you
okay guys I'm not saying if you check
out my NBA channel which is in the
description below I'm actually making
season preview Thank You season preview
our season prediction videos for every
single team in the league so there's 30
teams in the league I'm gonna be making
about it thank you
tomorrow and try to kill me so I'm gonna
be making season prediction and season
preview videos for every single team in
the league separate videos 30 separate
videos today I'm gonna try to get three
done but I want to make these in depth
so I might only be able to get two done
I want to go over the off season what
the teams did which players they lost
which players they added and that's the
preview and then the prediction I want
to predict how they're gonna do this
season whether they make the playoffs
how many games are gonna win all that go
in depth and detail for every single
team and just give you guys my thoughts
so if that's something you guys feel
like you're interested in those videos
are gonna be bitch what are you doing
you're on the wrong side of the road so
that's something you guys feel like
you're interested in NBA channel in the
description below and I'm a star on
those videos today because the NBA
season starts in two weeks so I'm have
to grind these videos now before the
season starts guys I'm so so hyped about
the game that I played it's like every
single shot that I was shooting it was
just going in somehow some way like
Bosley you always take away my moment
and you ruin my
time every shot that up Bosley he's so
jealous it's like every single shot that
I took it just automatically went and I
don't know how Bosley let me talk about
my game and yeah I don't know was it was
cool don't make that face
wait why don't you eat the salad right
now that's for later
this I don't know it's you and your
mom's diet literally I was just shooting
it even if it fell off it would just go
in I'm just like okay I'll take it
how good is your food here I'm telling
you I like to take a vine nobody has to
know
buzzie look she's gonna kill a fly look
he gets no mom kill kill one on the
table pretend it's on the table Bosley
no mom do that do this sneak up like
you're about the
all right get it buzz it go hey Mowgli
Bosley I'm gonna get to tell I'm gonna
stop ah
