so if you guys can't tell by the title
of this video me and Dennis are on the
way right now to downtown San Diego we
are going to meet up with my brother
Brian but today we are going to be
meeting with the one the only
Fetty WAP and I'm extremely excited if
you guys have been with me for the start
of my channel you guys remember my intro
for this here you I'm gonna play about
my intro used to be all I want to do
this roll the clip
oh yeah okay okay you gotta believe this
and so if you guys don't hear I got you
guys just roll the clip just roll the
clip there yeah this is after they saw
that I got this sewed up do like I said
if you've been with me since I start
this channel you guys know I'm always
blasting Fetty WAP and there's the first
time that I'm actually gonna get to meet
him me and my brother so they should be
late
yo Brian are you in it uber - yeah most
are sorry Brian I'm in a list and I
think we're allowed to say that you word
in a lift okay Brian are you nervous
excited how you feeling
honestly I'm trying not think about it
then I'll brought up low key nervous
remember when I first started YouTube
all my music was Fetty WAP and
everything yeah are you gonna mention
that slim I don't know anything I'm a
weirdo but I just mentioned it in the
video and he's gonna watch the video so
I might as well mention it to him right
I think I'm gonna walk in with a boombox
on my shoulder plastic baby won't you
come downtown San Diego we made it and
now we are waiting for little rugrat hey
Brian is always late I've noticed okay D
that's it Fetty was about to perform a
whole concert for hours and that's all
you could give us wait I didn't bring
any ones to throw
wake up oh no hey run you got Fetty WAP
waiting boat oh wait he said I just
screaming the whole body so me and
Dennis are about to go find little rug
rat we can't let little rug rat walk
around downtown San Diego bunch dough
roll red rug where you at hey that
rhymed rug rat where you at rug rat have
you guys seen a guy he's about 4 foot 11
in about 50 pounds she's up 4 foot 11
calls II regret where you went with that
Gucci outfit where where where oh
there's Ryan where right there
he's here I think he sees us unless an
agent realizes you're all cops right
here oh really yeah
I've never been backstage at a concert
this is so exciting I've never been on a
concert in state before and we got
Phantom
imagine a crowd trip and they all drop
if you're watching when you guys
Oh
we pulled up
yo never in a million years let me happy
me and my brother think that we take
over surprise I love you it's all thanks
to the brats part and the rug rat thank
you guys so much
hey Monty nice to meet you here with the
whole game
my brother's freaking out any Rafa's
right in front of me is freaking out I
lose my voice but I still got in the way
how you gonna go to losing your voice
perform again right now we're at the
nightclub and we're right now Brandis
signal on stage into the announcers that
we did the house we're gonna take over
50 well sponsor watch that show same
things let them know hey I'm gonna say
Devin Booker is the best shooting guard
in the NBA there we go the regard Hey so
we're backstage right now shout out the
Caesar shall I kiss Fanny walk see geek
Caesar out here baby
if it wasn't for season right here
thank you so much bro they run San Diego
come on it and it's only right thank you
we appreciate it and we're just waiting
on fading lobby show hey we're about to
get on stage
hey Dennis is that water
hey I can't believe we're backstage on
stage that's right I'm a couple special
guests here I got my voice and go check
it out
I know BJ
yo guys I am here to close out this
video
i'ma just get straight into a shout out
to my boy Caesar shout out to all the
remy boyz shoutouts to Fetty WAP for
making all this possible and like I
mentioned in the video multiple times
shout-out to all of you guys because if
it wasn't for you guys watching mine and
my brothers videos we would never have
opportunities like this so thank you
guys so so much it was a great night
honestly it was like a movie it was so
surreal you know me and my brother both
being huge fans and Fetty WAPs work and
not only do we get to meet him but we
get to go on stage and and you know get
the mics and perform and just just chill
with Fetty WAP and all his crew you know
Monty and maybe all those boys they were
all really cool they showed mad love I'm
sure I was just living in the moment
guys you know I know we were just out
there we were having fun we were doing
our thing yeah I love my brother and I
love my best friend Dennis so if there
was anybody I wanted to share this
moment with it would be with my family
my brother Brian you know so it was just
a crazy experience crazy moments um I'll
never forget oh no they're just crazy
you know me and my brother would go we
were going into the event like all
imagine if we get to meet for any month
you know just say what's up little did
we know we were gonna be backstage the
whole time VIP you know just it was just
crazy it was more than we could have
ever imagined so shout out to all the
brand-new boys shout out to Fetty WAP
shout out to Cesar for making this
happen yeah I mean that's all I gotta
say for this video
late night I hope you guys enjoyed this
video drop a like if you did subscribe
to this channel if you are new I still
can't believe last night it was crazy
mama I hope you're proud of me and Brian
but I love you guys all and I'm out
peace
I can never ever find the right word
Justin there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
