we found out but thought the clowns were
here in San Diego and he freaked out
like I'm sure you've seen like his last
video he's talking about clowns so he's
not about looking like he's not having
it like he's not about clowns at all he
hates them literally like scare him um
I'm probably just gonna tell him you
know like I'm home alone come over baby
you know be all cute I had to get him
back so I have to get revenge on him
wait should we set up you guys wait look
oh fuck man kill me I got pranked by my
own girlfriend and my dad I'm the prank
master how do they prank me bro I'm done
man I'm done with Jackie I'm not talking
like that anymore I'm done with them me
in my own home my girlfriend who does
she think she is man I can't believe
they pull that shit on me bro I can't
believe it I am done with my girlfriend
no more she thinks it's funny like all
the pranks I pulled on her weren't even
that bad this wasn't even a prank this
could've gave me a heart attack well
well well look who decided to call two
hours after she scared the shit out what
do you want what do you want did I tell
you not to talk to me anymore oh you
love me listen that wasn't even a prank
no it wasn't me yes that was a prank
this was not a prank you know I'm scared
of clowns listen I told you to go home I
told you not to talk to me anymore so I
don't know why you're calling me what
you're outside my house or let me get
you with my dad and you guys are gonna
fucking scare me again okay well I told
you not to talk to me anymore so I don't
know what you're doing outside my house
you you really think first of all I'm
never taking you to Applebee's again and
if we ever go you're only getting off
the to 420 420 if I open them if I open
the garage you better you better come in
with an apology you better come in with
the best you know what
your life when we get upstairs my you
know this one this one better be extra
good so I'm open the garage in okay well
I'm coming downstairs I'm expecting a
huge apology and everything so your love
job you're lucky I'm even talking to you
right now but I'm coming I don't care
that wasn't funny I'm coming by speak of
the devil
I can't believe I just said I'll never
talk to her again I said I was done with
her that latina you know well it got me
on a leash fuck man ah I don't know if I
could forgive her she let her come in
with her AGame
what the fuck is wrong with you that's
not fucking funny take it off take it
off that's not funny
why would you do that I don't even
forgive you yeah I'm good just you're
not just like just so you see you first
of all it's not real which means first
of all you guys have the same nose and
he has nicer hair than you
hey don't dis me just cuz you that old
don't talk I'm I'm so not talking to you
no I told you sorry yes I'm sorry I
swear babe I'm serious how am I gonna go
to sleep you know scared hours of the
fucking clown oh yeah like I'm actually
gonna fall asleep you're not going to
sleep you did tonight that if I don't
sleep you're not sleeping yeah no you're
not you how was that funny the whole
time we found out the clowns resonator
that's all I was talking to you about
you thought it was funny to do that we
can baseball bat a knife outside my
house
why'd you turn on the light no you said
to come with the Exodus if I don't need
a lot on for that it's just very sad
please forgive me let's just not talk
about it and I'll probably forgive you
easier okay I'm not telling you I love
you anymore
what do you why I don't love you anymore
no no no no hey uh I'm sorry
you're lucky now I forgive you
oh now you forgive me I'm really easy to
forgive are you tired
yes are you really I want to attend
super you're gonna go to sleep
no I'm gonna try to go to sleep right
now
I forgive you that after what you gave
me right now that that Frank was so
funny actually yeah I was even scared
are you scared
that's so funny I'll give you in my dad
problem that's a progress fucking arm
okay are you going to sleep now mm-hmm
good night
should the doors locked
what what are you doing I'm asleep it's
like really look to me I'm sleeping
you're sleeping you're look out the
window mom not no no no no I'm not
scared I was asleep
you're you're asleep talking right now
just go to sleep
I know I'm I was asleep I'm not scared
try told me I was looking out the window
crazy you need sleep I think you were
too scared of the prank you need sleep
good night babe
what I'm stretching you know when you
got a cramp in the middle of the night
you know the charley horse no I'm going
back to sleep I was asleep I just had to
stretch lately
why are what third time you woke me up
how am i waking you up I was asleep
scared I'm not scared I was asleep the
windows you're a tripping I swear you
need it I was asleep I just woke up to
stretch no I was praying why would I be
praying
no you're scared no I'm not just go to
sleep you're crazy you're crazy I'm not
waking off you're crazy
Oh why'd oxidative crazy latina came out
to sleep geez fuck my girlfriend is on
to me she keeps waking up I can't let
her know that I'm scared she's gonna
think I'm a wuss I need I need someone I
need I can't fall asleep I'm too scared
for clowns I know just the thing
shout out future smells daddy give him a
bra
hopefully he puts me to sleep me another
closer my girlfriend almost caught me
two times but I can't go to sleep I'm so
scared
that'll do the trick
yeah nyquil really does do the trick
yeah Bosley NBA season is finally back
I'm so excited I have a game in two days
I got my hair cut up I'm in two days I
have a test Bosley I have a test in two
days - oh no my test is next week so I
still got time to study I'll take you
for a walk ballsy let me just wake up
I'm still really tired okay Bobby let's
go for a walk
Bosley Bosley where art thou Bosley
where art thou Bosley it's weird Bosley
hmm
Bosley's toy
more fuzzies toys
Bosley
oh shit we've got these toys everywhere
pawsley I want to take you for a walk
I didn't leave the garage open oh
hopefully bother didn't run out it's
just me and him today this is weird my
dog has never ran away what the fuck
fuck hey keep my dog fuck that shit
keepin get away from my house
fuck man you know what I really you know
what I really haven't played in a while
now I remembered the days I was in high
school play call of duty all the time
and I just Quinn I missed that shit man
I miss it so why not I got the shirt on
represent my brother why not go play
some call duty man we got this
somebody good a nuke finna go 25 kill
streak on a wasteland
I'm a noob tube on all the new two spots
one-man army you know me grenade
launcher so uh yeah let's go play some
Call of Duty
no no no Punk fuck I'm starving I
haven't ate all day I skipped breakfast
cuz I have to go to the gym man all I
have is some snacks I've been eating so
unhealthy some gummy bears
sharks swedish fish man lifesavers the
bags almost done
I've been eating chocolate I don't know
man look at this a pack of food snacks
in the trash fact I should start eating
some real food man I've been living off
candy for a couple of days ah man I
never really cooked you know that's
something I've always wanted to learn in
sixth grade I actually took a cooking
class I think I might have failed it but
I was in sixth grade I'm much older now
you know I think i'ma try to learn how
to cook I've been living off candy and
sweets for a couple days and it's just
not healthy my stomach's been hurting my
face isn't breaking out so I'm gonna go
try to cook some rice
yeah guys that's actually something
people don't know about me everybody
knows me as oh he loves basketball he
loves to watch basketball and play
basketball but people don't know I've
you know I've always wanted to get into
cooking why not I eat so much fast food
I've always wanted to learn how to cook
for myself hey buzzy no no cook they
have my rise to take my fucking pot and
pin
you
okay I don't know where my devin booker
Jersey is but I swear the Phoenix Suns
were to a know they won two times in law
zero times when I wore that jersey last
season season just started so I can't
miss the game but I can't find my devin
booker jersey mom do you have any idea
where my devin booker jersey is oh fuck
it whatever the games already started I
can't miss the game they're playing the
Warriors I'm gonna just go with the
Charles Barkley Jersey okay hopefully
this will bring us luck cuz I have no
idea where my devin booker jersey is oh
I'm gonna miss the game it just started
friend Tex meeting it started I can't
miss the game the game's on
oh my Devin Booker trendy you could take
basel you could take my brother you
could take my mom and dad
fuck you could take me but she had my
devin booker jersey y anything but the
devin booker jersey
finally the days here great concert
front-row seats I've been waiting for
this day for literally ever since I
bought my tickets almost a year ago time
ago the drive to LA Los Angeles is at
least two hours away especially with
this traffic so I'm gonna be late I
really need to go
I dropped a ton of money for these
tickets so hopefully it's worth it Drake
get ready cuz your boys coming front row
with fuck's my car park it down the
street but where the fuck is my car
my call seriously both assignment that's
my fucking
oh okay okay okay take my fucking car
take e take my car fuckin fill up a gas
tank
when you're done please
oh my god
float that take my girlfriend cloud fuck
that man you have my girlfriend oh my
god I'm not going back in there
I'm sorry babe fuck that foot clowns pop
let's go d book oh oh that's way beyond
the arc
splash fucking love Devin Booker another
one another one go go go go cock back
Wow
book her again
well Devin I am so I can't watch it
anymore you just put me in the mood to
go play basketball now I can't even sit
down and watch I'm too hyped about to go
play some ball shout out to my man Devin
Booker getting people off their asses
and inspiring them to go play about a go
play
what a beautiful day to play some
basketball I love basketball so much
what the fuck is that what the hell
some motherfucker has LeBron twelve oh
he's actually making fucking shots what
the fuck bro
it's not right Brandon I on the fucking
court
okay he got a drive - he know how to
drive - he could shoot and drive fuck
that man this clown scary fucking purple
and orange LeBron twelve I'm Phoenix
Suns
now bro he's really playing on my
basketball hoop like you could take my
girlfriend you could take my dog hell
you could even take my basketball
jerseys but you're playing on my
basketball hoop this is my sport and
he's and he's hitting all his threes
it's fuckin way
he's not even hitting rim he's making
all his fucking shots and he's driving
to the hoop now I gotta take care of
this hold on hey what what are you doing
this is my house bro I'm not no fuck
that I'm not coming over
fuck I'm not coming over okay you know
what
me okay put the knife down you want me
come over put the knife down put the
knife down
no took my girlfriend took my dog took
my jersey my video game my food I don't
care uh-huh I don't care but you want to
take my ball this is my court this is my
house okay okay okay okay okay one on
one you said okay guys fucking clowns
not talking but I'm not having it you
could do what you want but the second
you step on the bat parkour and
challenge me I'm not backing down okay
keep talking hold on guys you really
want this clown I'm warning you nobody
challenges me to basketball and wins
okay we'll see what you could do without
the knife Punk ain't ready for this
hey what starts with the ball okay I
start
babe I just had the weirdest dream of
clowns everywhere everywhere gosh
look at Jackie sweat so in case you
didn't know Jackie was the killer clown
in this skate
that's another in case you didn't know
in case you did not know this was a
skate I don't know how you wouldn't know
but with all the weird crazy creepy
clown shit going on some people might
not have thought this was a skate some
people would've thought this was real
because some people are crazy enough to
do stuff like this anyways this is my
first ski I've ever done like this I've
never done a video like this I was kind
of nervous doing it I didn't really want
to upload it because I didn't know how
you guys would react to it so if you did
like this video let me know in the
comment section down below or leave a
big like I could tell with that and if
you'd like to see more skits like this
just let us know
Brandon help you guys Jacqueline I still
hate her for that prank but awesome
we're out guys thank you guys so much
for watching
lionesses enta easy you might wipe her
ha ha the faceplant cloud lousy look
I like
ha
okay look go look at me did you know
what happened you have something on your
face it's my tear cream yeah ah she said
she had a dream that me and Devin Booker
were fist fighting my na my homies have
a party at my house and he brought like
all the you know like players like Eric
Bledsoe is there too yeah what it was
like a lot of people in my house and I
got so mad at you why would you get mad
Hey
ooh D blend my boy guys look at my mom
Oh get away mom hold on don't turn yet
no don't turn yet I'll tell you when to
turn
