hey guys it's Jackie here oh my god I
don't know I'm gonna I don't know how to
film you guys I don't I look like double
the height so I'm just gonna turn it on
real quick so like I said my name is
Jackie
you guys probably know me as Brandon's
girlfriend and you're probably wondering
why I'm recording or how I'm recording
and a little story for you guys today or
not story but I guess just like what I'm
doing here I'm actually you're probably
wondering how I'm recording um
one Brendon was out to gym today I
actually asked Brian if I could use his
camera cuz I had a little idea pop into
my head and he said yeah sure I'm
actually I'm not sure if a lot of you
guys know if you don't know oh I want to
say it was like my birthday month or the
month before I think it was last month
actually let's just say it was last
month
Brendan pulled the biggest biggest
Frankie's ever pulls and his whole
entire life and of course on me um I
don't know if you guys seen it or if you
had like I'm sure you guys know if you
haven't go check it out he actually did
a prank on me
saying that he cheated on me and if it
that wasn't bad he literally said that
he got someone pregnant and I was I
flipped out like I actually didn't even
want that prank up because I was crying
my maker was alone my face I don't even
know how to like explain it to you guys
how pissed I was like even talking about
it right now I feel like I'm boiling
with blood like I was so mad because
first of all I was like what the fuck
like you cheated on me and then he told
me it was like he got somebody else
pregnant I flipped out I I don't even
think he told you guys I don't know if
he did if he didn't then I am I like
didn't talk to him for a whole day I was
like he went too far and even you guys
said he went too far he knew he went too
far so I was like oh my god like I
couldn't believe that he even did that
print because I was like okay you're
lucky real life like ever since that
happened you guys were like tweeting at
me and tweeting at me and tweeting at me
or like sending me messages on Instagram
off like a couple things to do to him
and like you were begging me to do a
prank back
I actually couldn't like figure out what
to do like I never had any like it
wasn't really about like figure out what
to do I just never like found a right
time like I never could execute this
I've just been working and going to
school so like there was never really a
time to do anything like that and there
wasn't anything that I thought off that
I was like oh my god like yeah okay he's
actually gonna be like he's gonna fall
for this whatever I had to get him back
to get revenge on him and I couldn't
think of anything until right now or
like this morning and I was like oh my
god I am a genius and like that little
like but leadbolt
it was in Red Bull what do they call the
thing that light bowl that's what so you
know it just popped into my head and
this is where I was like okay I have to
get him back today I don't know if you
guys know or not but there's actually
been a clown scare I'm gonna call it
clown scare because I don't really know
like what they're calling it there's
been a bunch of clowns sightings
everywhere there people are dressed up
in like clown suits and they're like
doing freaky freaky weird shit like
they'll stand like outside your house
and or like no they're like do like
weird weird weird things and I'm like oh
it's new that brandon was like scared of
them like to an extent like you know
when you talk about it like I yeah it
kind of scary whatever and then he
recently found out that they're in San
Diego someone it was like a Twitter
thing like they were somewhere in San
Diego all I know is I he's been talking
about like I'm telling you guys I never
knew he was this scared of clowns until
recently and then if you've seen like
his previous videos he's literally been
like oh my god of a blog and he tries to
play it off but he's like terrified like
yesterday I don't know if you guys saw
it on snapchat he was like oh my god
boss so you have to sleep with me he was
like trying to sleep in Brian's room
just like freaking out where but if
you're wondering where I'm at I'm in
Brian's room Brian's actually right now
what I'm not fuckin on clown hunting you
dumbass
I don't care good Brian's room and it's
literally almost 11 p.m. I'm fuckin no
I'm sleeping here
no guys fuck that I keep fuckin thing
about the clouds Bosley Brian kicked me
out of his room so you're sleeping in my
room tonight
come here come we're taking the bed to
my room Bosley are you ready to protect
me when the clown comes you got it right
or you all hotel to protect me hangout
like he was not having it out he's not
about clowns at all he hates them so
it's like this is perfect like Jackie
come through I was a petty but not petty
I just like I had to get him back from
what he did to guess is that clown today
wait am I like too jolly for YouTube
like I don't know so I decided to go get
clown masks I tried on like six costumes
I went to Halloween spirit so like I
think they thought I was actually super
creepy because anybody that's buying a
son costume right now is like literally
the scariest thing
so I have like these other costumes and
I'm not really sure how which one looks
better and look at this literally looks
like I'll kill you your sleep okay if
you had to get scared by a clown which
one do you think looks better probably
especially at night maybe the black and
white one it's gonna give the ominous
feeling okay so you like if I won't like
if you saw me outside your house like
that oh yeah I'm as scared as clowns
anyway I've been scared of clowns since
I was a kid why I don't know I don't
know what it is but I've always been
scared of clubs before it was a theme we
have scary clowns I think I think this
guy I auto this whole thing this morning
I was like oh my god it's gonna be so
perfect so I was like I'm not really
sure how to pull it off by myself so
Brennan should be home alone right now
he actually thinks that I'm in the
haunted hotel um I was actually supposed
to go with my parents and then like my
mom texted me and we had this whole
plans out out and I was like yeah babe
I'm sorry like I can't hang out today
like I have plans with my family I
actually ended up working overtime so I
couldn't go at the time that they needed
me to go so they left super early or
they had to leave super early because
they were going to the haunted hotel and
obviously I couldn't go so Brennan
doesn't know that I couldn't go like I
just like I haven't told him anything
else he sounds so shady but I haven't
told him anything it's like as far as I
know he's at home right now with Ron I
just texted him a couple of minutes ago
he just thinks that I'm like in the
haunted hotel like he thinks that I want
my pain
earlier though when I was getting the
camera I'm I feel like they're asleep
when I came to go get the camera from
Brian I saw her on and I was like I'm
not really sure how to execute and then
he was like you know what why don't you
let me help you I'm about to call him
he's gonna meet up with me just to make
sure that Brenda's not doing anything so
like we know you know at the right time
and went to go he's actually I got him a
costume and he's actually gonna bring
some nice and like a bat or something
like that
not really sure what else he's gonna
bring but I'm super excited and I'm so
ready to get payback hi Ron hey um
what's Brandon doing um do you have time
to do the thing that I talked to you
about this morning okay so Jackie just
called me and Brandon is wrong
we're basically just gonna stand outside
and like hit the like hit the gate with
his with the bats or whatever it is that
he brings I think it's a knife or a bat
I told him whatever he finds actually
gonna bring his keys outside so we're
gonna get in his car and literally like
scare him um I'm probably just gonna
tell him you know like I'm home alone
come over baby you know be all cute like
I'm not even fucking dressed in this
like huge costume wait so it's me and
Ron here we're literally dressing up you
got his keys right okay so I'm so ready
yeah we're gonna go on don't stand by
the driveway you yeah I'll stay idle
hang on the gate and get a special this
way yeah that's yours
literally the scariest thing ever Hey
so we're ready you guys
fuck no shit
Oh bother
come here come up see it coming come on
serious come on guys there's a fucking
clown shut up she she she she she was
lean guys there's a fucking clown I
swear to God Shh
hopefully look look look look on the
gate on the gate there was another one
in front of the driveway nothing anymore
look he has a fucking knife he has a
fucking knife and he's climbing the
fucking gate Bosley no fish
holy shit I'm home alone I'm home alone
Brian's out at the huh oh my god there's
two I told you there's two look look a
bad oh my god holy shit I'm out oh my
god I'm about to call the cops
I sweated on him I'll call the cops I'm
holding on I'm home alone my mom just
had the LASIK surgery done so she's got
my aunt house she's getting taken care
of oh my god Bosley come on see it's
coming no let's go upstairs
all the communication guys oh my god
whoa
I'm calling the cops I'm calling the
cops Brian's out at the haunted trail
Bosley come here come here
Oh God
well I was just talking blows lien
Bosley come come upstairs right now come
here
Oh gonna break the fence guys hey my god
it's not a joke bothy please don't come
you're being too loud please wait the
office oh no there and out there oh my
god I don't even know if there's a
locker okay they're not here Hey oh my
god oh my god guys oh my god oh they're
not here he was right there there were
two of them I swear to God and there was
one in the driveway there were two one
was there
Bosley no no no holy shit I'm home alone
I am home alone I'm home a fucking lone
hole I would call the cops but I don't
see them anymore guys my heart Bosley
can you please come upstairs you're
being bad coming
we keep buzzing it in the fucking
picture Bosley but guys it's that sounds
in the backyard
no Bosley guys are fucking crying I
swear to God
hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on
got it guys
they're in the backyard look look look
that shit's coming off the fence
that shit's coming off the Thanks
they're shaving off the fence they're
shaving off the fans look they're
shaving off the fucking fence they're
right there all the windows open oh oh
my god look look look Oh whose shit I
thought they left I swear to god puppet
I thought they left pave something loud
guys I'm sweating oh my god oh my god
you guys I literally just made so much
fucking noise can't even fucking hear me
and bring it on I had to take off my
mask cuz I can't okay so I'm not tryin
call him so that we can get him in his
car okay I really hope I didn't scare
him to like the point where he's not
gonna come outside this is not a joke
people are saying how they think it's a
joke Jackie's calling me there's another
and looked getting the gay in front of
my fucking door with a knife and the
other one with a baseball bat and then I
was gonna call the cops and then they
left there was any more car there was
any more uh clowns
I hear Bing um on the backyard
no I swear on my wife like is is a brain
it's not pretty
I swear on my life I swear going online
right now kill me right now I'll die
I'll drop it are you sure are you sure
they're not just like fans so like maybe
they're just like wanting to get your
attention
not theirs not to clown it's fucking
gone yeah outside I don't
where to go I'm home alone I'm home
alone um you can come to my house I
actually I was like yeah you're you know
you're not here in downtown you're
already back no I I didn't go because I
just got off work super late I didn't go
why would you not tell this it I cannot
read my house wait like why are you
actually serious I just feel like this
is a prank like to you like no I saw my
wife like how many
I thought you I don't know they're not
here right now there are gone line out
there like my businesses they're gone
they're a fucking Cuba I kid you could
tell by my voice you know me we've been
dating yeah I know you're like freaking
out but I'm just like confused cause
like that doesn't really make sense why
would there be clowns here is my whole
it out there outside my house they hop
into the backyard and big it was the
other chick Gus just was shaking off a
game like they were fucking shaving it
or breaking it down that's super weird
like I don't know I think that you
should come over like I'm home alone
nobody's here I I can't leave my house
please man I would I would come please
way but like my parents aren't coming
till tomorrow
please you don't understand you didn't
see what I saw
school clown not I'm not gonna baseball
bat I honestly don't get what's fans
like are they still there or like if you
don't see them outside please come over
like just let like I don't
nobody's home like I'm home alone and
now you're scaring me I think we should
just like sleep together time until
tomorrow what time tomorrow like for
like at night
oh are you tempting me I just told you
what's going on in my house babe like
I'm sure it's just fans like it's not a
big deal you should just come over
please okay please come here yes I'm
sure I'm home alone please
oh my god you're so bad I'll tell you
what happening you're tempting me with
Omaha
I'm not tempting you with anything I
just I I don't think it's like saying
yeah but I just like I don't think
that's too serious you know like maybe
it was just fans like it's they're not
gonna fear I got it all in the course
okay then just come show me oh please
I'm gonna check thought if I checked out
the fucking condo I'm not coming if the
clowns are there then I might come okay
babe just let me know
call me be safe I'm sure it's nothing
but just in case like oh my god I'm sure
it's nothing
okay okay I love you see you here soon I
love you Ashley
I feel so fucking mean he literally is
freaking out I honestly never thought
that he's like this scared of clowns
like I know literally okay so now I have
to fucking run back
I am dying in this map and now we wait
for the princess to get inside I'm dying
me too guys isn't so painful I can't
breathe
holy fucking fuck and now two clowns
when I'm home alone the shit has to be
talked out somebody has to have been
watching one of the clowns had to have
been watching and saw everybody my dad
was here guys we are getting this is my
brother Brian pretty sure you guys all
know him I don't even know what I'm
talking about right now I'm still
fucking done two clowns are you fucking
kidding me
there's so many houses Brian Brian Brian
Brian clown clown came to our house
clown came to our house Brian I swear on
my fucking life I recorded it from the
fucking camera
with a knife with a knife with a knife
and a baseball bat
Bryan Bryan damn how to even know
they're not here I recorded it all Bryan
who Ben Bosley Bosley was barking to
balsamo's fucking barking and I'll try
to shut the fuck up
Bryan knows announced enough when you
come home I'll fucking show you all the
I swear to god ray I'm gonna watching
right now
Yeah right I tried to look through the
hole not gonna see anything so I look in
the camera
okay Bryan bye do you have a flashlight
holy shit okay guys i'ma check one last
time if the clowns are there I'm gonna
go to Jackie's house because honestly
nobody told my mom is spitting my mom
got LASIK eye surgery and she's spending
the night at my aunt house because my
aunt has had LASIK eye surgery before so
she's taking care of her I don't see the
clowns I don't know where the fuck my
dad went Brian's out in downtown space
I'm gonna be home for a while honestly
I'm sprinting into my car and wait the
pilots were fucking waiting for me
outside oh this is how the people die on
the scary movies because they do stupid
shit like this all for fucking sex okay
um um I I'd rather spend the night at
Jackie's house before being honest
nobody's gonna be home tonight
this isn't even a time to joke guys I
need to go right now so I'm gonna go to
Jackie's house and spend the night there
I just assignment about the sex I just
fucking feel more comfortable there than
right now I'm leaving I mean okay okay
jack
your stay
oddly you're not coming you are staying
here
okay the clowns I've been gone for like
15 20 minutes now so I'm being fucking
moving back hole bells are scarce when
you walk past two moons yeah joke oh
wait I'm bringing holy fucking shit this
is the most care I've ever been in my
life and I'm not even joking I could say
that easily
all right dr. Zook no good up
I fucking hate why would you do that
I took Frankie Brack baby no this is not
a prank this is a prank why are you here
dad okay I need to leave this here I
love you baby where are you going
go move no no no that's not funny I'm
honest guys my dad if you were the one
climbing the fence and Jackie was dad I
actually started like I felt lightheaded
holy shit
dad I saw I didn't see you guys in the
background but I heard it and I hold up
check is leaving right now babe don't
ever come back or talk to me again
this that was not a prank that was a
heart attack guys holy shit holy Oh
I'm speechless I'm sweating leave my
house I'm serious I'm not singing I
don't care I don't even kid I'm not
going to home alone like I was so scared
of clowns already guys my dad look guys
my hands are shaking dad my hands were
shaking I was sweating I honest was
about to cry I felt super lightheaded
like I couldn't really talk and I was
debating I said should I go to Jackie
nuts to just sleep there so I want to
sleep here or should I just stay here
wait Gate buzzing dad I'm so scared guys
holy crap Bosley where are you I ran to
my car cuz I imagine that the clowns
were likes I'm here slide I imagine in
my head I'll just run to the car and
fucking drive off god I feel like I'm
gonna pass out I really feel like I'm
gonna pass out my eye
I feel super lightheaded and I just
don't feel good right now that one
actually wasn't funny I'm not talking to
Jackie tonight
I'm not fucking talking to Jackie
tonight what the fuck what the fuck I'm
sober I know I'm so mad Tien that's not
a prank clue this I'm sweating I'm
crying
that can't be a legal prank that should
not that brain should not be allowed
