okay no guys I really don't know how to
put the chain on by myself Brian lion or
Jackie always puts it on for me I really
don't know how to put this on by myself
anyways what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka April waters I have no
idea why the hell I got dressed up I
just wanna cool little intro but no I'm
not leaving the house and I'm not going
anywhere special I'm actually going to
be doing this video ah
guys could you believe that was only
like 2 or 3 years ago
I'm actually going to be doing this
video right downstairs in our very own
kitchen the Awadh is family kitchen and
if you're wondering what today's video
is going to be well ah one hey mister
Tapatio ues probably does that dirty
stache everyone who has a dirty stache
eats ass aka me we ain't done we ain't
done where's the pataskala god we don't
have any more fat ass Co where's the
butt ask oh oh man I think we ran out of
Tabasco mmm
oh here's the buck ask oh I'm just
joking I just called Tabasco if you're
wondering what today first of all
imagine I see a fucking clown pop out
his fucking head right there do not guys
if I see a clown like while I'm driving
also running over I don't care like if
the cops arrest me whatever I'll be like
bitch you want to act crazy so imma
treat him like it's crazy imma fuckin
run them over
that's what I'm gonna do pharmacy if I
see a clown and the final ingredient
that we need for this video ha got the
hair this is so healthy for you like if
you eat six of these a day you're gonna
live so long I'm just joking into E six
of these a day you're probably gonna die
in six days
I'm a sob having you guys play the
guessing game if you can't tell by now
today's video is the world's hottest
noodles I'm going to attempt to make and
try to eat and try to eat the world's
hottest noodles shout out to my boy
Emile mr. Emile 1001 he actually made
this video yesterday we were talking
about it last night he challenged me to
do it so I'm gonna take on his challenge
a meal I watched this video he was
literally dripping sweat like his sweat
was dripping off his face he had his
brother Ramsay come try and Ramsay was
fucking he can even take a bite without
downing a gallon of water so Emile
challenged me last night and I said you
know what I'm gonna do it so shout out
to my boy meal mr. Emile 1001 challenge
his brothers brandy and Ramsay I'm doing
this video so the difference with mine
though Emile you're a pussy Emile you
sriracha Tapatio and then you use black
pepper I'm using screw rajatap deal and
Tabasco so guys I know they sell these
little things and stores called spicy
noodles and people do like the spicy
noodle challenge where they eat it fuck
that I'm not attempt to make my 10 times
hotter I know they sell it in passes
extra spicy noodles or whatever people
do that in a challenge they already die
i'ma tend to literally just make one
that's a million times harder than that
and I'm gonna try to eat it huh guys
wait am i dumb I don't even know how to
make this regular like I don't even know
I'm not the smartest when it comes to
cooking all I know how to cook is
scrambled eggs and even then I struggle
with that boil two cups of water in a
saucepan okay now where does it teach
you how to boil water that's salt man
that's fucked up raw like he's gonna
assume that everybody knows how to
fucking boil water like bro come on I'm
only 21 oh god I'm so funny today
anyways I can't be too loud I actually
got scared when I threw that because not
both my parents are asleep so okay boil
2 cups of water in a saucepan and add
noodles and
for three minutes stirring occasionally
don't stir too much dose or too little
just occasionally okay so let's get a
saucepan ha ha is this a fucking
saucepan sure when me and Bank on a farm
we were younger once I fucking bashed
his head with a saucepan but that's I
mean bad because actually brian has
chased me with a knife before in case
you guys didn't know Brian Awad is a gay
phase rogue has actually chased me with
a fucking knife around the house when we
were younger my mom had to stop him you
know what I was gonna do two cups of
days but let's be official really quick
I'm gonna get the real measuring cup ow
one cup Bosley shut up I'm gonna make
Bosley treasures guys in case you don't
know me let me just give you a little
background I don't even like hot cheetos
like even though regular hot cheetos is
literally too hot for me when it comes
to spicy shit I'm so weak you guys have
seen me eat those hot fries at the mall
where I literally sweat and I cry about
it I say it's the hottest shit ever
there were literally fourteen-year-old
girls who came up to me after and try
the fries and they were like oh it's not
hot so I'm just gonna you guys got look
I don't use this in any of my food I
don't use this in any of my food and I
don't use I've never actually tried
sriracha I've never ever ever tried it
so that's just a little background for
people who say oh you might like spice
things no I don't even like regular hot
cheetos I don't even eat anything spicy
so that just goes to show that I'm
actually really scared to do this
challenge okay so apparently to boil
water you just turn the fucking heat on
you turn the heat on and you wait for it
to bubble once it gets bubbly then
that's how you know the water is boil
here guys you know what I'm gonna go
crazy
Amil did this too so I don't want to
look like a pussy in front of it I'm
gonna do why waste time while the water
is boiling why don't I add some of the
ingredients to the noodles precooked so
before we add the ingredients to the
water how about we add them all
oh shit Tomatoes guys my mom used to get
so mad at me when I was young because
I'll eat these by themselves like this
and she would say that was so fucking
bad for you put you to sleep now hmm
good yo all you youtubers who have tried
the spicy noodle challenge where you
just buy the pack from stores that's
called spicy noodles mm-hmm you're doing
it wrong you gotta try it this way
you got to make your own spicy noodles a
million times harder that way so we've
got the noodles in the plate okay
Oh some more mmm mmm all right you know
I could have been basic I could have
been a pussy I could have been like oh
let me just wait till I drop the noodles
in the water and then I'll add the
ingredients how about oh I think we use
to the precooked noodles before and add
the ingredients in the water so let's
start with this let's start with some
Tabasco I won't put too much before
they're cooked because like I said I'm
gonna put it again when they get in the
water oh my god oh my god oh man Oh guys
again I've never put Tabasco on my food
I've never put sriracha in my food and
I've never put up to you on my food I
just don't like hot stuff and Here I am
going with it sriracha oh oh that came
out Allah God I am hungry though so
that's a good thing
some Tapatio from the one and only top
of mr. Thapa tale who loves the es oh my
god this is not good oh oh
fuck guys okay let's check on the water
let's check on the water they might be
boiling the house is gonna go down
oh never mind
whoa okay so here's this is just a
little before we go ah now we're gonna
wait for the water to boil wet I think I
have to stir then it boils faster guys I
might have to quit my youtube career and
just go into culinary arts and become a
chef if they are good but hot you didn't
become a chef god dammit II try the
water look with the spoon oh fuck hot no
come down come guys Brian just came out
of his room and he said I'm so fucking
hungry come look what I'm making this
will be enough for the both of us
parsley Brian yeah I haven't ate guys is
perfect I haven't ate in so long I'm
starving
I know Brian look we just have to wait
did you know how to boil water that's
the only thing I know I did I know look
I got a smell so spicy down Brian you
don't I'm putting before-and-after this
feels so weird
guys right look Bob it's a smell so
spicy buzz is already drinking water
all right Brian literally just came
downstairs out of his room and he said
it smells so spots in here Brian
now people just do like the regular
spicy noodle challenge that comes in a
pack no I'm making my always before I
know today my mom used to get so mad at
yeah she died or something and get words
or whatever it tastes so good so yeah
but get worms in your shit I put it
before and I'm putting after we just
have to wait for the fucking water to
boil guys oh it's almost boiled Bosley
I'm making a good meal for you you're
gonna enjoy this way bang do I need to
add more water or no it's a set two cups
is that two cups I think that's good to
like start putting more thing in guys I
don't trust Brian no children except a
Brian's middle name is emerald what the
fuck is that guy's name
Guy Fieri finds middle name is Guy Fieri
my son my son
that's promise okay guys so I always
want to break this up yeah
ramen noodles are too hard to make it
just bullshit but I'm awaiting 30 more
all this smells so fucking hard I don't
know but I love I like the roll wait dip
the raw in the haha you've gotten the
embargo such pussies when it comes to
hot food the noodles are going in you
might want to get it close with this you
added a little gonna splash on you added
a little but my son you know their songs
from too much sauce it's gonna be too
much sauce in the fucking thing after
like a little water I put I think you
put a little know it's just like when
people get baptized and I just think god
I just think God punished me for saying
that yeah exactly God punished me for
see yeah it's like when people get
baptized and they pour the water the
church break it down why waste time oh
my god wait how much are you actually
gonna fill I put more this is just the
beginning the TAS know the tabasco's the
words I know and the city goes to
mariachi or anything that's hot doesn't
come to yoga eat ass we see yet anyone
with a turd in his ass
alright and just changes and I'm so
scared whoo that looks good yeah guys
also tempted to just not even do this
video just make it right I love Top
Ramen
I told them if you eat Top Ramen like
six times a day every day it's so
healthy yeah
guys there's my favorite clock of all
time then in an indignant engine and in
bingeington guys what after watch how to
make perfect ramen noodles is so easy
it's like you're talking about how to do
wait what do I supposed to be doing for
three minutes
it wasn't supposed to be due to three
minutes and I gotta watch this whole
video at seven minutes long and it's all
the way so today I do not share it like
that he is from the how hot waters about
what you know I only thing is what I put
I'm literally burning right now okay
wait Wow you still okay Brian I'm guide
you be okay oh my god stir it up stir it
up I'm cooking it up a good gonna do
cause he's actually scared guys every
time there's food in the kitchen balls
ooh runs to our Fiat now Bobby's just
laying down okay bye and turn off that
thing
okay Brian guys I'm not done adding the
thought just don't worry no you're gonna
spill don't worry
no you get me a plate to go sharing the
gameplay oh we are yeah guys look this
is my camera tripod when I was recording
no I use like weirdest oh I know
please don't worry no you're gonna split
us oh I know pinion I don't want to do
this I I'm not even up actually so he
does I think you're like big walls all
of the fucking tables gonna be - you
know what that means
oh no I my ears dummies guys have you
guys ever been to Benihana okay okay so
Tom
hey it's all spill and it's wrong on
your ovo shirt no just kidding hey watch
this thing on a trick with the flipping
one butt in it see how do they do it
like you're actually stupid over yet
/ yeah
I literally must say yes I literally
just told you
you're so stupid I think you're probably
no fun if you see what you have to go
back to LA bidding your look it's gonna
stain fall come on I didn't know guys
how stupid can zombie oh my god it
wasn't bad for you Kezia didn't go on my
ship my new off white shirt thank you I
literally keep my distance from when
Brandon made videos for sure yeah what
is this long god okay guys well we'll be
continuing this video without the shirt
uh-huh so that sucks and you have to
clean the team having I need a whole
intro with me putting on the clothes
Lily you'll slip it and everything oh
okay wait guys look like oh if usually
to ie I TV I did I didn't anything means
out what I wait really I do it all the
time
hey guys well no more mayanna's our
baggage from the chef job but wait guys
blood fine don't sue me how do you know
I'm doing it it was a late reaction no
jeté just look at top thumbnail this
home oh oh fuck no Brandon oh okay I
think this is the thing that like your
tongue will burn for days no there's too
much boob yeah fine you are first right
now
fine I'll try it let's mix it okay guys
so just in case something happens to me
or Brian I'm only taking one bye yeah
well how many you'll have to do Oh a
side I'll try to you this is your
challenge guys so we're about to attempt
to eat the world's spiciest pussy I mean
uh no no okay guys mix that ish so my
the taste tester
don't smell it well you're not I'm gonna
put the chicken flavor in at all Oh fine
nobody you're supposed to put it one
week yeah you were supposed to put I
thought you had
have to watch Prison Break today look at
saying the cameras overheating no that
means overheating yeah but so yeah cuz
it's so spicy Brian I'm scared oh fuck
that I'm fucking scared I am so scared
should I take the first bite yes you're
taking the damn first right I need make
sure it's not like haha like just eat it
just eat it
Go Go color blue dogs already on flip it
to where the water splashes all over
your nose and eyes when you eat Oh cuz
I'm so sad about my ovo shirt blood I
feel like if I drop it in there after
taking buys that fine so that's fine
I'll eat that shit right away if you
drop it in oh my god oh my god oh no no
no look up oh my tongue no my sons no no
no no no what no wonder you don't want
any water please don't wait okay God hey
God I don't know if you could tell but
smoke is steaming out no I don't even
see it Brian literally just said he was
getting lightheaded Brian said he
literally got lightheaded no I'm okay I
first like my tongue started burning
like hell
and then after oh yeah the throat if you
could still do it but I'll just be spicy
numbers for days right no no now my lips
are hurting really I know I thought I
literally got lightheaded after like a
minute or two am like hey gosh and she
started watching a so double fatty okay
guys okay you know what
I'm just looking like don't even use a
fork just fucking mine fuck you that's
gonna burn us okay you say this bite
yeah ready
Oh what am i no dope it's bad just keep
going just go fast hey go 4head oh whoa
whoa I know it is bad come on
come on they're nowhere near finished
right how do you like the Dutch way over
here no ha ha imagine you're on the
burger may I join you
wait I don't even like the taste of hot
not just a spot
I know ok guys go you have to do it ah
oh you know when you swallow it down the
wrong throat yeah yeah you self-abuse
I'm just kidding my tongue
bye you have to take one more bite one
more what one more Brendan but like it's
already hurting now guys if you if
anyone calls into your Brian pussies I
want you to try this at home
go uh uh go the faster you finish it
okay lady you're actually stupid you try
this fight no you just sit over here
will along no I know the washes biggest
bite I think I'm the best cameraman 20
but I'm the best cameraman ever Bosley
come try chicken treat stop I feel like
you could die from this challenge I'm no
good food
boom I'm choking this watching my google
I'm choking watching you Tom hey what
you're really gonna finish it right
there once you spit it out the challenge
is over ah yeah okay for the challenge
it is over do I can smell it like look
even when I just in back here Tom it's
done God
my tongue is numb this is last part
those are my girlfriend I'm so sorry but
you're gonna have to do all over for the
next fuckin five or six DN a meal now I
know why you couldn't finish it
mmm you know when you eat spicy in your
nose gets ready huh huh huh
oh my god gozu bitch you should have
told me that before you started a
challenge maduk wait in one more minute
lab no you spit it in my ear I spit in
the trash no you spit half of it in the
plate 5 milli geo I fuck no wait after
you asked release it asked me to say
said know it no way lock my why you say
a sentence say sentence you have a list
forever say a sentence ok guys
fuck Brian if you zoomed in one more
time - no no I was re I'm sorry yeah
y'all ready to zoom in to see Brian ok
but hey look at my look turned Oh God I
feel myself breaking a sweat my nose is
runny you know when your nose gets ready
after you eat something spicy - oh my
God my nose is runny as hell
ha you know when your know gets super
running start sweating and just feel
like you're gonna die I hope you guys
enjoyed this video please be sure to
drop them please be sure to drop guys
Braddock hitting and talk please be sure
to drop a like if you enjoyed this video
drop a light from our ovo sure i'll keep
you updated if the stinkles boy yeah if
the saying goes away
ah mm-hmm guys I have to go thank you so
much for watching and I love each and
every single one of you guys say bye bye
bye guys ah ah wait guys fuck this is so
spicy I only took what like three bites
fuck mmm jello Maison Margiela put on my
tripod guys if you're still here past
the outro I just want a video I love you
guys guys if you like jello I fuck them
you fuck them
mmm mmm mmm how annoying is my brother
it's hot annoying who brought you the
lamb beef earlier today
it was good actually I brought it for
myself but I didn't finish my who does
this one fumble
yeah and we're family Annie Michael
Finley looking good my mommy see you
yeah zooming Brian you're so ugly devil
from The Exorcist wait guys doesn't
bright actors like you know the black
devil from The Exorcist the light on it
out look doesn't you do the face watch I
will join Jackyl oh no you look like a
fucking guy
from The Exorcist
away do it go look I almost fell yeah
guys we got the swear on my mother look
at my nose my nose is running
look guys you see it right under my eyes
I don't know if that's sweat or tears
but right here uh-huh
music book bye guys I love you guys look
my lips are literally puffed up look cuz
it's so fucking spicy got like num and
puffs look I already used to have
McDonald's lips before now look guys I
literally forced Brian was back in his
room and I forced him to come find I
said what if a clown fucking popped his
head out from right there
I forced Brian to come wait with me
while I clean up some fucking skateable
clown pop make the biggest messes where
your hands I'm just kidding on my shirt
guys honestly if you're still watching
at this point you love you guys but yeah
I need to clean up and I'm making barns
stay with me don't you yeah as if I can
defend you yeah I just bride no but if a
clown pulls up we do have ugly yeah but
I'm sure they'll kill me threes just by
looking at us kill me first
there's only one clown that I've seen in
San Diego before pineapple to make my
this will help Jackie out since my
tongue is too numb so this pineapple if
you don't know what I mean you might be
a little too young if you do know what I
mean and then in your fucking horny
human being just like me my my whole
secret guys update it's literally been
over an hour and my fucking lips and
tonic I can't feel look I can't feel
that shit I can't feel this I swear but
if you're wonder where I'm at I'm in
Brian's room Brian's actually what I'm
not fucking on clown hunting you dumbass
I don't care good guys if you're
wondering why I'm still in Brian's room
and it's literally almost 11 p.m. I'm
fucking no I'm sleeping here
no guys fuck that clowns and like I
don't care I'm not scared but just for
cautionary reason I even scared but just
for precautionary reasons I think we're
gonna play safe and I'm a sleep advisory
tonight
not about the clowns I just haven't
slept in Brian's room in a long time I
haven't slept it with Brian ever since
we were kids so it has nothing to do
with the clown's guys
