okay then can they see you so - hi guys
can you please turn this light on just
for this video
my dad running the camera crew sit hold
on
today I bring you a peel box opening
video this is something that I haven't
done in a while I just didn't really
have time to go check the post office
and I still did it my dad is actually
the one who brought me my gifts so shout
out to Ron Schatz my dad I got a couple
gifts here but wait you might have a
little trouble singing because me and
Jack you're the only people here there
is one more person here it's a thing
hey what's up Bosley Oh buzzing shy so
he's touching you father Hank under that
don't know okay so we got peel box
opening video coming your way right now
dad what do you think what's the last
time I did one of these only thing three
month it's been months oh wait let me
get my bag of knives lovely bread my
gosh okay sit sit don't jump don't jump
nope nope I think so good boy okay guys
look I have my bag of knife let me
choose which one
I didn't poke my finger now before my
game I have a game in like three and a
half four hours out okay well hold a
knife okay guys let's start with this
one
can I get better open the boxes okay so
there is indeed a note this is a deal ad
il I'm your biggest fan and I can say
that because I've been watching video
since day one enjoy the gift Bosley
hey have some have some respect if
you're gonna my Bosley donor weapon this
is from a dealer char Adhan guys a
Phoenix Suns car license plate a chrome
one look at this
wait actually babe this wood Bosley oh
my gosh
good bonsly's oh my god Bosley okay the
box is blocked above all ages undercut
me and almost go on you know go deposit
my get it I hit sit on wait babe this
would look good on your car guys it's a
chrome glittering night hi look why do
good you want to put Phoenix Suns on my
car
what's so wrong about that one speak up
now got it but actually thank you so
much ideal for my mom's and adding
weight up look big your penis on your
car so hard I have one that I got from a
fan before I haven't and also me and
Jackie could actually match thank you
okay oh it's so heavy once it's so heavy
this is from Ontario Canada okay
Canadian aka Steve Nash dad what the
hell are you do please give Italy the
chickens out well I hate on the bed away
out of mine you guys I'm so hot to play
my game
okay someone sent me a million flash
cards well I'll put these use in college
next time we could study for a test
harder so thank you
this had no name but thank you from
Canada whoever sent this very much
bullshit this is from game saw ensure
this isn't for Brian it says my name on
it
game sup it doesn't have a name let's
see inside actually here you welcome me
I don't buy it
they sent me a Batman hat
well mm-hmm know what Brandon we're so
glad you cashing your points for this
item we love it when members get these
food words okay no offense whoever said
this but I'm not a member of games stuff
I want to use my name and address for
Game Stop rewards and they claimed a
reward so what's the Batman was I know
the Peter Griffin one minute
and Batman
guys you know here is something that
nobody really knows I never ever ever
wear hats I just don't think I look good
in hats oh you'll never find a way I
don't even own hats except to get them
signed by the sons that's it
next package oh this is from Oh Derek
King bro this guy's a huge fan he's been
sending me stuff in the p.o box and
commenting on my videos ever since I
started YouTube so I appreciate you
Derek but I don't even have to look he's
from Akron Ohio I remember because of
how long he's gonna fan I'm on so
schedule denies my dad's all the day and
my mom got there Bosley Bosley you can
blame me he's just one of those people
that goes like this oh my god okay hold
on wait here okay hold on I told you
he's from Akron Ohio because look a 2016
Cleveland Cavaliers who champions your
neck my dad was going where the Warriors
in the wool file so he's butter here dad
little ways that's what Ron and okay
another one and way there's a purple
shirt oh shit Phoenix Suns Hey 1993 NBA
Finals stabbed the guys do not tell me I
know we lost that we made it to the
finals but we lost in the finals to the
pool yeah trap Wow
Derrick thank you so much Hilary - no oh
wait and there's oh wow oh my god look I
quoted they lost the Bulls he gave me
all look these are all the games on DVDs
okay guys so now I have something to
watch until NBA season starts I who now
we know what we're watching she hates
you Derrick no I'm just joking she likes
watching basketball Derrick thank you so
much I'm definitely gonna watch Game one
either tonight or tomorrow
thanks for the Phoenix Sun shirt even
though I wasn't even born I still get
depressed when I hear about this I
remember and yeah they don't have eliris
he probably sent me these cuz I was
rooting for the Cavs in the finals I
wanted to see LeBron oh no that's gonna
throw him on the soul okay let's see
greetings from Akron Ohio the enemy
couple birthplace of Boca Bron James and
Steph Curry that he knows not to give
you what he said the championship
championship tees are one for me one for
you Brian and then one for Jackie so
Thank You Derrick oh thank you and
bigger there he found out he found this
an authentic t-shirt I knew I'd never
seen anybody wear one of these ever so
thank you so much I'm done I'm away to
the gym every day I'm gonna wash my car
with this one my dad still bummer months
after the finals he's still butter oh
look he ended this letter by saying
there he said that there's a saint
called three times the charm the cows
went to the finals twice and they lost
both times and then they won at the
third time and then hold on gun gun gun
the sons I've been to the finals two
times in ever in Phoenix history so
Devin Booker if you're watching this
when you take the team to the finals
just remember it's your time to win it
Thank You Derek I appreciate the shirt
and the DVDs I now have something to
keeping company until the season starts
this Bob's let's let me catch you ate
another
sheriff novel signs hey okay fine oh oh
I see a door ding shoe box God boys
really shoes in here I feel so bad when
people spend a lot of money on Alex
medicine hard hey hold on about it open
them oh this is morning bro oh my god
look so hold on let me get the shoes
really quick ok background story this
guy I remember his user name jmx
Martinez because I added him on snapchat
we talked talk to him like every week
okay hold on let me give you the Batman
sir so this is the dude that got me the
Jordan eights the retro eights feeding
sons coven I feel like I'm betraying
myself I can't do anything living here
that's trying to fight me okay so Jorge
is the same dude who sent me these shoes
a couple months back
you might remember cuz everybody was
going crazy that he actually sent me
them and I added him on snapchat I keep
in touch with him I thank him all the
time for the shoes and look boy hey
you're actually crazy for sending me
another pair these are the Gordon 5 gold
medal but he said she likes to call
these the bruh wadis one meal special he
said I'm not asking for nothing in
return all I'm asking is for you to take
care of the shoes he's a huge sneaker
head guys okay hold on Jorge I haven't
even looked at the shoes but thank you
so much because shoes in general are
expensive
wait how am I going to play a whole
basketball game I just almost out from
running up and down the stairs and let
alone Jordans oh my gosh babe look at
these oh why
we saw where I can reach and they fit
perfect okay he asked me for my shoe
size last month
Jorge thank you so much I appreciate
this
here I'll snap time right now all my
phone's upstairs
hold on I will wear these
Moorehead thank you so much look you're
in the pure box open video I can't
believe you send me another pair
featuring the first pair you've sent me
I wanna wear this is how nice
okay so you tried on the Cleveland sure
it now can you please switch into the
Sun sure I'm allowing you to wear my
son's shirt this is a exclusive one I've
never seen anybody with this shirt oh my
god these are actually so nice I'm like
scared to wear this I don't ruin them
this box is from I don't know we're
going to find out
imagine I slice off my arm before my
first game ah nice wait oh wait okay
hold on guys hold on we interrupt this P
o box opening video hold on
okay pardon the interruption
now oh look it's a Phoenix Suns sunshade
so when I park listen guys wait I need
to find you - no I'm perfecting assembly
so someone will accept this without a
note I want to thank you it's Austin
nice team it doesn't say where they're
from
can you please add me back on snapchat
yes I will definitely do that Austin oh
wait you can't see guys let me tell you
why this is perfect
how long do I usually stay at the gym
for it to play basketball so long I stay
for hours and hours then I go back in
the car and I'm already sweaty and
exhausted from playing basketball I walk
into literally a heat wave inside my car
so this is going to keep my car cooler
okay let's check it out right now let's
just open let's see it oh my god oh my
gosh guys look
Wow look at this guy's
guys Jeff you just said something bad
yeah you did I can't say when my dad is
here but she said we could put this to
good use
no I'm waiting for my box open
guys my dad there's a package here that
says to robotics Bosley rug Jackie and
mama rug and Papa Rock my dad is sitting
watching me like a fucking hawk open all
these packages because he saw his name
on it so he's been waiting so in case
you guys haven't subscribed to me for a
while or in case you haven't watched my
appeal box hoping videos before you
wouldn't be familiar with this name but
if you do then you are this is from Dave
Jackie and Anita Oh Jackie and indeed
are his two babies or should I say his
two dogs one of them's a puppy and he
always he says Jackie and Anita both
love watching mine and Brian's videos
for Bosley they love Bosley and he
obviously loves watching our videos he's
from New York he always sends Dave I
appreciate this and tell your dogs I
said what's up and tell them Bob's I
said what's up - he's sleeping right now
next a huge chicken leg nobody makes a
new chicken leg just look guys is that
literally Bosley wait buddy wait oh my
gosh Bosley Jackie and Anita say what's
up they sent you something we're gonna
see okay it might be more treats so Dave
sent two packages here here's how we're
going to close out the video Dave I
appreciate your continuous support I've
seen you've been on my channel and
sending me stuff ever since the very
beginning just like Derrick so I
appreciate this and baldly appreciates
it too so see what we have in store
Davis he's bad he usually sends me candy
so he's the reason I get the toothaches
and he sent Baldy treats so Jackie and
indeed are the reason bald is obese Oh
candy
oh my gosh babe
yes we got much candy look gummy worms
blue sharp blue jar gummy worms scoured
oh my god
Snickers sour patch we fit these are for
Bosley Bosley Hey look
treats for you beef flavor
Dave thank you just for me okay the
solid address shows mommy salad don't
need this out but then you said you're
on a diet the sour patch that one Oh
y'all fighting over it I want these to
wear dog spot me big you're on a diet
okay guys the last package from Dave dad
we can all share these except for Brian
I'm taking these two okay so if I just
let me that's what he said no II did it
is okay hello you get out of fish no not
like that
my dad never lets me do what I want Oh
Oh more candy yeah hopefully Dave thank
you so much these are so expensive David
thank you so much yeah hey what'd you
get enough to eat chocolate
what because nobody go on diet yeah okay
ask me if I want one before the video
okay here let's close it out Dave
thank you
the cards done I'll trade you this God
they're already fighting Bosley stop
this madness God will let them do what
they need to do thank you so much to
everybody who took the time to send me
anything
I appreciate it no matter the cost it
could cost one single penny it could
cost a million dollars I appreciate the
fact that people go out of their way hey
I'm trying to do my outro I'm trying to
make it touching I appreciate the fact
that any of you guys who watch my videos
even go out of your way to go to the
post office or send a package to the
post office I appreciate it thank you so
much and honestly when people do spend a
lot of money on me I hate that because
to me it doesn't matter even if you send
a single letter that is just ran from
the heart and used a pencil to write I
appreciate it just as much as if you
were to send me Phoenix Suns front row
ticket so I appreciate all you guys so
once again thank you so much none of the
gifts you guys sent or even the
handwritten letters that I put in my
drawer upstairs and read every single
night go unnoticed I appreciate all of
you guys and once again thank you and
thank you for watching this video
close it out Bosley look guys here's the
drawer I was talking about it says fan
mail and I keep all your guys's letters
in here everything you guys have sent me
even the condoms wait for a thumbnail
hold on okay you hold those ones wait
hold on can you please wait okay so you
tried on the cleveland shirt now can you
please switch into the Sun sure
let it come closer like okay just go up
like that used to look like this one
last time
