Boswell I guess I'm playing in a
basketball league on Tuesday mom I just
found out literally like 10 minutes ago
that I'm playing in a basketball league
every Tuesday I would know people I've
never played with before this guy at the
gym just came up to me because he said
he's seen me play out of the gym and he
said hey can like we want you to play on
our team we need guards I said okay and
like he just texted me where to get the
jersey and starting this Tuesday oh yes
I love basketball my never and he
actually just called me in texted me uh
to get a jersey and he said I'm on the
team I just have to pay obviously he
spoke with the director of the league
and they put me on the team I've never
played with these people before I don't
know who they are I have no idea which
division I have no idea how good the
other people are but like I said I
fucking love basketball so I wasn't
going to turn down this opportunity I
just need to buy Jersey and I'm on a
team now cause a nice snap I needed a
nap really quick time to get ready for
my game green jersey shorts socks she oh
shit my game was that nine o'clock psych
my game of fucking cancer my game bag
canceled so my game on that 9 p.m. right
I got a text on 8 p.m. from the dude who
asked me to play with him and he goes
hey man the game's cancelled because the
building I'm playing apparently had a
hole in the roof or some shit like that
so the one-day rains like I said it
hasn't rained in months in San Diego so
rained and the courts got all now
flooded but they go all wet or whatever
and so games got canceled short today
not just our game obviously all the
games that were scheduled to be on for
today
hey Franco today's actually my first
game there's no flood no freaking
puddles on the court today's actually
our first game are you recording
yeah I'm gonna have some parts of the
game so guys if you didn't pay attention
to one of my videos last week I said
random dude picked me up on his team he
randomly came up to me and he's like hey
so I've seen you play over here at the
gym and we need more darts on the team
so I don't know this dude I don't know
anybody on the team I don't know the
league we're playing in I don't know the
division I have no idea how the
competition is I'm not here so we're
gonna find out everything today um
I'm excited I'm ready Brian are we
winning
I guess am i winning I don't know what
the team is but are we waiting our first
game I think so cuz you're on the team
just kidding you got a ready to lose so
bad okay so no I need your prediction
win or loss win by um if I get this
right what do I get uh if you get a ride
you get to meet Drake and more really
yeah okay I see you guys are gonna win
by 8 1 by 8 how many points am I going
to score remember there's a new team I
don't know anything what if I predict
this just go okay um I'll scrub myself
purpose you say I take no score twelve
twelve points first game not bad like no
I'm excited I'm really excited I can't
wait to play and I want to win really
bad cuz you guys don't know me I don't
like to lose when it comes to basketball
I will go to the gym to play some
lunchtime basketball because my game
isn't until later tonight I saw have
hours before my game and I'm still young
so I'm gonna play some pickup basketball
and then I'm gonna go to my game later
tonight
I'm not hopefully we win our game cuz
like I said I do not like to lose when
it comes to basketball and we'll see how
this division is we'll see the
competition and we'll see my teammates
today is my first game I don't know why
I'm actually wearing the jersey I'm on
my game show tonight so let me just get
out of this I was too high my game is in
12 hours 12 hours and he's about to
break ankles who's gonna win you how
many points am I gonna score don't put
too much pressure on me is my first game
game 13 ok 13 no 10 what 10 points and
you'll see I'm sure more than 10 no 13
this thing's not a little too much so
what's your final prediction so we could
look back after um 13 Persia 13 Brian
predicted 12 I don't have a fuck how
many points I score as long as we get
the win honestly I hate losing Oscar
what happens to you what I lose at the
gym ya know and sometimes I'm gonna go
to the gym and play some basketball play
some pickup ball my game is until
tonight there's still hours until my
game to 10:00 p.m. seven more hours from
that game it's exactly at 9:10 my game
is in four hours I'm hyped guys look I
bought into a pill box opening video so
I can upload soon okay dad guys I don't
know if you remember but my last league
that I played in my dad somehow always
guessed our wins and losses so today in
case you don't know is my first team so
today win or lose wait wait wait and let
me just say I'm not on the same team I
don't know I don't know who's on my team
I don't know if we're good or bad I
don't know the teammate I don't know
anything so this is just your prediction
everything you're the one you're gonna
be in charge in the team so I think you
I'm gonna be in charge of a team that I
don't even know anybody yeah you're
gonna be the super stuff tonight
never be suppose does that translate to
a winner boss one win by how much Brian
said win by eight by 15
okay and how many points do i score
Brian said twelve Jackie said 13 10 10
it's kind of low expectations from my
father but how many points do we win by
okay Jackie says we win by three
my pregame motivation i watch cups i get
hyped now but really I'm ready to get
this win babe for the millionth time I
don't like to lose as if you already
didn't know guys I'm ready to win I
don't want to say I'm ready to play I'm
ready to win two years ago when I played
we won the championship okay
we went nine and one we only lost one
game and then we went we ran through the
playoffs and we won the championship
last year when we played not so good
let's just say we didn't even make the
playoffs so we went from championship
tonight even making the playoffs so I'm
ready to win I'm a winner well not
really because I'm a sons fan but let's
not say you're dating me how the fuck do
you think I'm winning with my girlfriend
I get a w from my girl wait like I said
I got a W this is a the rock science I
got a throw on when I play pick-up
basketball at the gym I don't wear these
but every time I plan a league I wear my
Jordan compression tights they fucking
mmm they heard it down here so bad but
they look cool so I wear them and they
keep my legs warm because guys last year
like when I play on my own team I don't
sub out I play every single minute every
single second of the game and when
someone asks me to sub out I'm just like
no I'm not coming out like I'm not tired
I'm gonna keep playing the whole game I
played ten games and did it rest a
single second on the bench everybody
thought I was crazy but today like I
said I'm playing with teammates that I
don't even I've never even met so if
they asked me to sub out it's not my
team I can't say no I have to listen
hopefully they don't ask me to sub out
but more than likely they are so when I
weigh these compression tights they keep
my legs warm not warm as in like you
know what I mean they keep my legs going
so that I don't cramp up on the bench
I am Wonder Woman look okay look let me
show you what I wear when I go play I'm
not done yet but look here are my tights
babe how big does my ass
can these guys look I'm gonna show you
my ass you can't look at the front cuz
you like it this actually squishes my
front so bad because they're compression
tights but look at my butt
oh my god okay guys so first obviously I
wear the green jersey over the green
jersey I wear my warm up shirt I wear
this to warm up okay guys so this is
what I wear underwear the Jordan
compression tights then I wear one pair
of socks okay first I already have one
pair under then I wear my second pair of
socks the reason I do this a lot of
people are asking the waters why the
fuck do you wear two pairs of socks I
wear for two reasons one prevents
blisters okay how long does definitely
not comfy one it prevents blisters too
it fits the shoe night like it fits the
shoe tighter and it gives you more ankle
support like that's why I always find
high tops because it gives you how
higher ankle protection and then when
you wear two socks I give you even more
protection so there's multiple reasons
why we're two socks but stop laughing at
me you're the teacher
I'm Dylan I'm the double sock science
guy hmm okay well oh this is my life no
wonder it was so uncomfortable eight
away that's a thing I hate is usually
when I make my own team I'm really
comfortable so I scream out them and say
what the fuck make your fucking shot but
now I don't know if I could do that I
still haven't met them the game is in
one hour I don't know who the focus on
my team I don't even know what division
or legal playing okay and then I wear my
basketball shorts I fold them once and I
tie them
wait actually no I wore these basketball
shorts last season and we lost every
single game so I'm kind of superstitious
when it comes to basketball so let's
throw these cheap ones on those are
actually expensive these are some cheap
ones from Kohl's but I didn't do good in
those wait these are big whatever I
could tie in them wait but these ones
look nicer which one should I wear
whichever you feel like won't make you
lose you know how I'm superstitious
about basketball you guys already know
this if you've been with me for a while
you already know you throw on your
basketball shoes but you only tie your
left shoe and then you don't tie your
right shoe until you step onto the court
so you tie your left shoe you drive to
the arena you go there you warm up and
then you don't tie your right shoe until
after you're already there guys I am
getting ah wow I'm getting stretched by
the best I'm getting stretched by a
blonde how weird
yes ah okay but don't let the shoe touch
the bed after you push it this way when
you're done she's trying to hurt me guys
she uses as an excuse to hurt me okay
guys so Jackie predicted we win by three
and I scored 13 points
my dad predicted we win by 15 my dad's
going for the home run and I scored 10
points Brian predicted we wouldn't buy a
and I scored 12 how much do you think we
win or lose you could say we lose a okay
but do you say we win or lose by 8 I'll
go down to 6 1 by 6 ok whoever gets this
right okay uh yeah
define pampered
okay fine whoever gets it right whoever
gets both of the closest ones right gets
a massage for the day not from me
you could choose whichever place you go
to and I'll pay for the massage there's
a couple Drizzy songs that I listen to
to get me hyped before a game before I
play a pickup game I don't care but
before I play a real game there's a few
Drake songs I like to listen to to get
me high here's one I better not lose
there's one
ineligible bookie
- I might be too strung out on
compliments overdosed on confidence and
every night because we change no Matt
I'm just playing in every game cuz I
don't take any hell that's how we do it
without looking good but I'm not a
rapper oh this one's my shit this is my
shape of working
I want this ship ever make
oh shit this isn't dreadful wait this
isn't Drake but you need to throw this
on the playlist
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait he said if your
girlfriend has went to any
season-opening basketball games that's
Jackie she's going to a season-opening
basketball game listen she's doing what
I'm on the basketball team yes okay
why you gotta fight with me a cheesecake
okay guys ready
left shoot I'd write you on Tyler about
a walk in this place is huge they have
eight courts inside eight but we're here
guys so I guess nothing then you know
guys we're playing on the farthest score
all the way down so but we still got
like I don't know 30 minutes yeah we
start about thirty minutes till the game
starts so warm up
look show this you
I can't tie
what are you the new
I just read my officer time
wait
wait let me try and fix it
how hard did you pool
wait I need to go tick or you want to
come
just stay here okay guys I'm gonna
fucking take the car to do five other
shoes why the fuck is this shit happened
to me
wait going back I forgot my keys
my boy is playing on the other court he
gave me this shoe
you mean and I said David no
I was like I already have shoes
so he just came to them and I threw them
in the back of my car you believe that's
totally meant to be I got them that's so
crazy
this is my first time wearing different
a mortal sin
you
look they're matching
really wearing orange with join are you
fucking serious
I'm literally so stylish and this is
what he calls
okay baby okay
okay
baby look so hot okay guys so that's our
opponent right there the Black team
right there
and I've never seen any of them play I
just met my teammates by the looks of it
let's just say I don't enjoy so we'll
see how it goes but by the looks of it
so there's a team we're playing there's
my team where the green team over there
so I've got picked up picked up just met
the teammate I've never seen any of them
before or many of them before and is my
first game during your starting so
that's yeah I'm starting I actually like
that color on you
why
babe
my boyfriend looks so hot
come on daily come on
fuck
me
stop it
let's go babe
out of Boy
you guys did you see that he would be so
good for volleyball
love it
oh my god
stop it
I'm so annoying
gah babe
do
13:4 no no no no open
bitch of
I think my boy is the only one that's
poor just so you guys know so that
justice a lot
happen
oh man
you guys he is fucking piss
Oh combat
I
one recognizes him even on the sports
you guys see that leg work okay baby go
babe
I'm so fuckin rude to the school right
now okay he just
yeah I believe it's 1416 we should put
something wrong
yeah so 14
baby
let's go actually confused why is the
score
13:19 those four teams they can't guard
you babe you guys I actually just
learned that from me that I know that
means
ah baby
I'm actually so annoying I'm over it
you
guys I feel bad because I thought that
was a girl playing on the team because I
can't see without my contacts
my boyfriend
fuck
27:35 minutes
save the day baby save the day
Oh a 29-32
you
Oh timeout
ooh another one
what do I
let's go
it's about to kill me actually
I think the machine keeps messing up
from one minute
go babe
let's go
save the team we're another school
30:35
ah
you
you
Wow
33 to 37
my boyfriend's for sure the Devon Booker
of the team can I just say
so 33 to 38
we took the l2
guys I'm pissed no stop I'm heated and
this is me calm cuz I already talked it
out with Jackie let me just say let me
just say guys I had anywhere from 18 to
20 points because I hit a three and then
a couple layups like three layups and
then how many free throws and ICS tell
me I don't know guys I had like 18 to 20
points I'm not sure but let me just give
you my thoughts first of all um
my teammates were really really cool
people they were nice and I enjoyed
playing with them why okay and well I
don't know let's just didn't really
expect I don't know guys we lost the
game um in my opinion we don't have the
best of players on my team but I think
it's too soon to judge it's only been
one game but judging from that one game
it's gonna be tough to do good I mean
you guys were watching the same thing
that I was watching so and I'm not
trying to be mean I'm honestly not
trying to be mean at all I'm just saying
what I think I don't think we have the
most talented players on our team but
sometimes teams that do good don't
always have the most haunted players
chemistry first of all Jackie my mom my
dad and Brian you guys all
underestimated me I know I said 13
sounds closest nobody oh you were so far
I appreciate you guys all thinking
honestly guys I would have rather scored
zero point and taken the win if we're
being honest if we won the game and I
scored zero points I'd be happier than
losing and scoring eighteen or twenty
however many I had I like to wane I
fucking hate losing I would trade all my
points and all my shots and all my free
throws for a win but that's not the
scenario we lost we're all in one fuck
if we just had one more good player I
guarantee we would have won that game
but we don't this is our team this is as
talented as the players are it's saying
something you sound like one of those
guys that's like tells a girl like oh
you
your personalities nice but okay yeah
that's that's how I'm gonna describe my
my team nice but as a pert like I yes my
team first personality and and you know
a real outgoing people like I can hang
out with them
aka on the core is kind of a different
story but we I don't make excuses okay I
don't make excuses this is my team this
is a team I'll put on these are my
teammates and this is gonna be our team
for the next nine weeks so we lost the
first game and I don't care the lack of
talent we have I don't care if we're
great if we suck it doesn't matter to me
I play to win every single game and I
hope to win every single game so I'm
gonna go out next week and I'm gonna try
to win that game and a lot of people
might be thinking that I'm pinning the
whole blame on my teammates I'm not I'm
hard on myself I take this loss on me I
don't care how good I did or how well I
played if my team isn't winning
something is wrong if my team isn't
winning I'm not doing enough so I put
this loss on me and every single game we
lose imma put it on myself so no I don't
blame my teammates no I'm not pointing
fingers I am pointing fingers actually I
myself because if I'm as good as I think
I am and I'm the one who plays baseball
every single day I should have been able
to carry this team to a victory which I
didn't so I need to do better myself I
don't care if I scored 18 20 however
many points I scored if we didn't win
clearly I need to do better myself so
I'm pinning this loss on me and I hope
we get the win next week I need to play
better I don't care how good I play this
week it clearly wasn't enough so I need
to play better if the total points of
our team was 33 and I had 18 or 20
because that's more than half the team
points I just need a little bit more
help just a little bit that's all I
asked for and then we'll be good no I
was getting pissed honestly Gus I was
getting to the free-throw line so easily
they were just hacking at me and fouling
me I knew I figured that out in the
second half I noticed that in the second
half if I notice that in the first I
thought I just kept driving and getting
hit anyways we wait how lucky did I get
with the shoe
good boy shoutout
David the barber guys my homie David
from LA Fitness just the other week he's
like yo your shoelaces look busted I got
some shoes I never wear them you could
have them and I was like no David I
appreciate it but I don't like to take
things from people like it's fine just
keep them he's like no bro I never wear
them and I was like no David it's fine
like I just really I don't want to take
them he brought them for me and he
forced me to take them and I fucking
left them in my car I just left them
they were sitting in my car for a week I
hadn't owned a different pair of
basketball shoes in 3 years 3 years I've
been playing with my orange and purple
LeBrons I never bought a different pair
I didn't own a different pair just last
week I got a different pair from David
and what do you know they fucking come
in handy guys
I was about to not play I can't play
with a fucking loose untied shoe like
and only like broke and then it just hit
me like Jimmy Neutron brain blast I was
like fuck I have the shoes in my car so
right now I got them and then I lost
guys in the last thing I wanted to say
was I had to hold in my anger so bad cuz
a lot of people know when I play
basketball I play mad I play really
angry like you know I always say fucking
like I get really mad but I had to
control it because first of all I don't
know how I controlled it cuz usually
when I'm on the basketball court my
temper issues I love to argue and I love
to fucking smart mouth but you know they
asked me to play on the how to control
it because it was the first game and you
know my teammates were just getting to
know me so I don't want to come off as a
fucking angry man so I had to control
and that was honestly one of the hardest
things I had to do controlling my temper
and anger on the basketball court is one
of the hardest things I had to do in my
life
cuz usually whether we win lose or tie
no matter what I'm always fuckin cussing
and screaming and trying to pick
arguments but today I had to keep it
under control that was so hard to do I
was getting so so mad and the real me
just wants to say fuck and slam the
floor but on the outside I like a good
good job
