Brian why are you wearing Thrasher bro
you don't even skate come on bro come on
bro bro come on your name is skate
that's fake bro sorry
kaylynn what's up Jackie babe
Wei Brian hold on I'm putting my camera
back oh you miss recording the scenery
no I don't need to record our meal so
how far we from our hotel okay guys
we're going to Fairfax I've been wanting
to go for like the highways himself has
been wanting to go to camp axe so we're
going to fair face off why easy do they
have the plain white t-shirts are like
two dollars nobody but there it's like
500 for cleanly fuck that guy 50 yeah
hold on let me tell them so tonight in a
couple hours me and brown are gonna be
front row to Drake so he can go I'm
running up on the stage yeah I'm gonna
do photography hall people from the
county okay so we're gonna be a Drake
tonight Kalyan and Jackie are staying in
the hotel room I don't know what the
player you guys gonna do Wow Brian such
a good good boyfriend $4 oh wait wait
wait forget okay so uh right you're in
the other so long ass see you know I
know wait babe what's on the nails you
were Brian like a little crying is he
who has longer look I did my own cut
just use your tongue she cries hey guys
so me and Brian are gonna be at Drake
the girls are gonna stay in the hotel
room and wait for us or at least that's
what we doing until we come back and we
see them with fucking guys in the hotel
but we're about to go free
anyway what would you do there guys yeah
okay so go that does it afraid but
they're so fat we're gonna go eat right
now
we'll be the driver for now huh okay
guys were out outside for the concert so
fucking excited we were not trying my
goal to take a picture with Drake when
he's on stage like this like from time
like this and so scary
how would be like imagine he poses guys
he shouts people out like walking on
stage if I hit you with the white team
sheet oh I'm not dragging it how I
missed an option don't worry I'm gonna
come Carlos I'm is joke on my where
you're playing life but Brian tell them
who he only calls out girl yeah or
something takes go backstage your books
but yeah that's great so horny bastard
but how do we won't person in like the
WB tree I'll be first out Booker than
ever children Jake really then run ooh
yeah guys so I'm going to the hotel
after this they come to our front board
on the way we haven't seen the hotel
rooms yet we're going to go what did
they have the face wash yes that Brian I
fucking love you you know I'm actually
gonna go back home you know I was here
Brian could you imagine no face wash for
tonight and tomorrow
Brian I was so when I oh my god thank
you so much
no I already showered I was just
finishing up editing my video all right
okay Brian but Brian is a fucking
lifesaver guys you understand okay in
case you guys don't know I have I don't
want to say it up session but my hygiene
comes first like I hate not brushing my
teeth I hate not washing my face I I
hate not showering I wash my face three
times a day I brush my teeth three to
four times a day
I just hate it so we arrived to the
hotel and I'm looking through my back
and I forgot my face wash at home
now remember Brian was out riding or at
CVS I'm not sure so I fucking call
myself Brian please
you know which face wash I'll use he
said okay I'll check if they have it I
was like Brian if they don't have it I'm
fucking going back home like I'm leaving
okay obviously I was going to leave out
a bit and so sad so Brian can do the
face wash anyways we're about to go to
Fairfax I'm not buying anything from
there I don't care you could call me
cheap or you could call me some more or
you could call me whatever the fuck you
want I'm not spending money on bathing
aid clothing or fucking Thrasher or off
why I'm not spending hundreds of dollars
on fucking clothes when I can go to Foot
Locker and get something just as nice
but a different label think about it a
plain white t-shirt with a fucking
bathing 8 logo or a plain our teacher
with a Nike logo is literally hundreds
of dollars difference call me old school
call me old-fashioned but I'd rather
save a little bit of money and I just no
but Brian likes that type of clothing
nothing against him a lot of people like
to spend their money on clothing a lot
of people like to spend on stuff like me
I'd rather spend it on just different
things so we're going to go to the mall
if I see something cheap that I like
which I don't make anything cheap exists
over there then I'll get it but I'm not
spending hundreds of dollars on clothing
that's not I can't do that so anyways
I'm almost done finishing this tunnel
video I need to finish it and then we're
going to go and then we're going to
Drake after that come on I want Drake to
call me Channing Tatum you got to put
this in oh did you break it almost this
one is it the prank this is a fucking
real $2,000 one because my nails are too
long my god I got it guys
whoo thank you it literally takes a
regular human being one second to put on
no it takes two two dumb brothers two
hours to put on a change first cause I
don't know I
because I have to ed in the bathroom by
myself because well let me take a seat
no it's not open I'm not taking shit oh
shit almost broke everybody's out there
having fun and I have to finish editing
because I kid you not I cannot edit with
any outside wait first phone call ugly I
am I cannot edit with any outside
distractions no offense to anybody even
when I'm in my room editing I don't let
anybody step in my room I need to be
completely by myself and like completely
free of distractions when I edit so I'm
always completely free of distractions
when I'm editing in my editing skills
are still shit what gives oh my god my
hair is ratchet having on a haircut in
two days where I can't wait to fucking
see all the clothes up there I can't
wait to see Dre oh yeah
what do you thought they haven't even
cared to come to J cause I want to work
there Yeah right you were jacking off to
the thought of Drake but I was too so
soon who hopefully takes us backstage
does he have a VIP section like at the
strip club how they do uh-huh
okay God God will go healthy I am look
at my snack fucking nut trician men's
health
look my options were there's a whole bag
of Skittles right here don't get me
wrong with ate like half of it but
there's starburst fruit snacks and I got
me these okay fine the only reason I got
these from the back maybe I thought they
were gummy bears they look like gummy
bears from the back but anyways I'm
eating this way Brian isn't this true
wait where's the uber driver oh he's
already here around girl
okay what isn't this true I'm just say
before go to the driver with all the
fast food that I've a in my life like up
to 21 years old even if I started eating
healthy from today till the day I die
and never touch about to learn a meal
later yeah yeah oh yeah it's just it's
too late I'm screwing myself a fast-food
already we know that one was a brutal
yeah we have to go one more
overall we have a gym no gym we have a
gym you call this a damn gym look hold
on let me just say what this gym is one
to treadmill is one fuckin elliptical
and what one machine
how long has an overdriven been here for
oh this isn't this is an emergency
we're gonna miss it no driver as the OB
driver has been here for it feels like
five minutes you have to call him and
tell them how we're gonna be down it's
not working find the Hooper turbines in
the lead guys I wanted to go back
oh that's look at it stop this Kalin's
crazy like your eggs like Jackie cuz
she's latina to be crazy but Kalin is
fuckin psycho
she's like the girl version of me but no
you're not that cool
okay fuckin killing not no one jokes
around enough I do too well you actually
a psycho man what can I say
anyway to say oh wait why I got the
Drake concert when word came on jacket
away from me so this time since she's
not going you have to take it I'll do it
okay are we kidding yes Yeah right lit I
was kidding oh my god getting Aziz okay
let's Brian's fault that Kayla's crazy
cuz I don't get a joke like that Brian
actually we can get other people to do
it no I something you get I was gonna
say we can get like good an ACME tickets
to come anyways guys I want to go back
to the room because I left my fucking
boil wipes in there but Brian claims
that he has some in the car but he's
probably lying to Sundaram Oh Brian you
better have oil wipes
toda wait
she's halfway gone oh your watch
oh wait Kalin are you getting the oil
laughter should I come Bryan I knew he
was lying I knew he was lying
guys my face gets oily a slug like you
could cook you could kill cook a Denny's
breakfast
he doesn't have guys you could literally
cook a Denny's breakfast on my face when
I get oily so I need oil lives but I
learned from you I do I did raise her
well with the big psycho I feel bad for
Brian she learned from me where are you
sitting next to Brian army yeah
I'll make him say in the middle scooch
scooch please
why the hell did Jackie get the same
affront how far does it show we're from
the place how far in like my leisure
time time 46 Brian okay Drake I
apologize but we're probably late you
see you change the music
you heard all right oh I could do it
Ryan put Drake speaker yeah hey I know
you're probably gonna say no but do you
have any oil wipes
okay so I dragged on the uber app guys
that the nicest uber driver ever has
views so she's gonna play a few that's
the only thing I've been listening to
since April 28th when it came out
hey wait what Denver Broncos please make
the emergency stop on the right I'm just
joking I'm a Chargers fan but we suck so
it's all good yes I have no choice yeah
the place oh no guys the LA traffic is
starting so yeah guys we're getting
ready for the Drake concert with you hey
finish
guys I heard that was just really good
food in LA they don't have it in San
Diego but I heard we had to try and come
down here it's right there
what Jaco though I've heard of it but
yeah I've heard of it but we've never
had it everyone said this ball like shit
so busy damn cuz that's where I shop not
Fairfax I shop there
this is quicksand castle
okay I'll know where the fuck we are
right now we got dropped off from the
corner and she said all the shops are
right here so just go inside any shop oh
here's diamond
got the diamond
anything you like prime you to wear this
I'm just joking I know my dad would oh
no guys there's pink dolphin so
apparently we're not allowed to record
in these stores I got in trouble for
recording inside of the supreme they
said you can't even make snapchat switch
that I don't believe I believe you can't
record like with a digital camera but
for you to say you can't even take
snapshots I don't believe that but I'm a
respected so I guess we can't record in
these types of stores guys look a Rolls
Royce punk PJ Tucker has one damn maroon
seeds book
prior looks like he's gonna fuckin rough
I guys look how far our room is look the
elevators were right there look
so we already walked through one hallway
of doors now another one it's literally
the very last room of the floor riots
procrastinating ass just that's the
shower and then we're gonna go so we're
ready but I just have to shower I'm
already done getting ready and then
we're gonna leave look still all the way
down all the way down by myself ha dog
blow up in a minute
pulling up to Drake Brian I pretty sure
you have to get in the fucking right
lane there's a reason why the line so
long guys the forum's right there look
at Collison we're gonna see Drake I'm
look wait three tickets now kind of
big thick thick thick thick
guys so we just checked out our seeds
dry air literally my bad literally so
good
they're so good like right in the middle
like like let's just say it's Drake
blobs one on stage it's going to hit us
in the face in Jake one pops of alderaan
see cuz we're so fucking close watch I
didn't flog the seats yet but I'm a
vlogger when we go down sessions so
close
right now would you do my winning it's
done personal I wouldn't run it to
anyone and I blame you I came from and I
blame on my day ones you know just like
Trayvon your bet
I didn't get it by myself I said I blew
up it I'm back in LA
what's up
the chance I decide something right now
hello let me hop in treasure
ah listen rich boy yeah
who the fuck these niggas here watching
this toy yeah brimming with the shits no
disrespect to here boy but I got on it
yeah I want it tomorrow but right now
feeling like
I'll kill the middle
and emotions tapping any emotions dry
crackers our office choose another part
of all different story with a story I'm
Jessie why you got a Bible
Craig biggest I stuck to my dad a few
risks
Desilu be young technical info yeah he's
all says bread high dance he got him a
nothing but killing me car and Cilla's
caption iPad see the shit good leader
him keep across all the flop gear right
I see the six of freedom trigger loading
matchup right here cuz I'm gonna
introduce you to the most turnt up la
crowd other introduced the crown to the
turnoff God himself he goes by the way
well future just a la Carl right here
ready to go to their niches over
that's done we ready you are now about
to witness the strength of Street 40
ounce
it is fun
thank God
I was 10
now what anybody did here to make some
noise one motherfucking nigger named dog
what's up make some noise come on
what we do come on y'all
Brian best night of your life leave shit
don't talk about it imagine from a
depressed I'm still depressed cuz the
third approach is actually hitting me
harder Brian imagine me I just edited
the whole fucking video I had to rewatch
the answer again yes I have all these
videos saying don't my camera on them
not watch no don't want said like guys
that was but I'm we've both been through
so many fucking concerts the best one
drink fucking I'm not just drink ty
dolla sign French Montana dr. Drew Ice
Cube Ice Cube dr. Dre fucking big shot
yes young thug me the post concert
depression is real it's bad like me and
Brian were legitimately thinking about
flying out to Denver to go to his other
concert cause the next stop in Denver
anyways guys I tried to make this vlog
as if you guys were right there front
row sitting with me and Brian seeing
Drake live yourselves I tried to get a
lot of the contract I tried to get a lot
of footage but honestly guys that was
the dopest concert I've ever been to
listen to my book Bosley puzzle II know
they made a snapchat filter of you just
listen to my voice guys it's done Drake
knows how to turn the whole entire arena
upside down I don't want to talk about
it all you need to know is best out of
my lot as you guys see yourselves that
show was crazy anyways guys you already
know see geek stays hooking it up seat
geek in case you guys don't know what
that is
I've explained it plenty time you guys
have probably heard me talk about a
bunch of times if it wasn't for them
this experience would not have been
possible so I just want to give a huge
shout out to see geek the fastest
easiest and cheapest way to buy tickets
that link if you guys are interested in
any tickets it doesn't have to be a
Drake concert although he is still on
tour for a while so hey after you guys
saw this vlog and you guys want to see
Drake loud yourselves you might be
making a stop out of sitting near you so
go check out see geek it also sells
sporting events just the fastest easiest
cheapest way to buy tickets
shout out to seat geek if you guys are
interested in checking them out the link
is in the description below and you can
actually use my code ba for $20 off your
first purchase anyway guys thank you so
much for watching
Brandon I'm out I love you Drake
