guys so before I start this video
because in case you can't tell by the
title thumbnail this whole videos about
the haunted tunnel as well you guys know
because my brother has made two or three
videos on this there is a haunted tunnel
about a couple miles away from our house
and if you research it online I don't
remember exactly the name but there's
tons of stories and tons of facts about
just creepy ass ghost shit that went
down just deaths and whatever my brother
thought it was funny to explore this
tunnel with my little cousin like last
month needless to say I don't need to
explain myself I did not go with them I
refused I did not want to go
I called them idiots for going I was
like you guys are morons like why would
you even go there as a joke that's I'm
funny after reading all the stories
about the tunnel Scott like up just a
bunch of ghosts creepy shit like this
was serious stuff you read some of the
stuff online and you read some of the
comments of the people who have actually
been there themselves and like this is
not just one of those this is something
very rare very rare in the creepiest of
ways and I told myself I'll never go a
month passed and my brother finally
convinced me to go so here it is enjoy
the video what okay tell them why you're
laughing then I'm not laughing guys cuz
we're going to the town breathing oh so
he's farting that's why but okay now
tell them where we're going you seen my
car guys guys we're going to the tunnel
listen I've never been to the tunnel I
have never been I just read the comment
that you guys say and you guys tweet at
me and Brian I'm so fucking scared
there's my first time going by how many
times have you been like two or three
times three times okay guys you don't
understand
what I'm wearing listen I'm gonna wear
layers and layers of clothing is I'm
done dude scared
100 degrees outside I got 103 out and
into the tunnels like 120 Rowi
look I'm wearing with if I jump were
headed I'm wearing shorts guys no listen
I would wear shorts okay it's really hot
but and I'm not scared of the ghost I
don't care about the ghost if the ghosts
come to me I don't care yeah I'm scared
of fucking snakes alligators alligators
I'm no alligator doesn't murder and like
India no they still live like this
Southern California there's no yeah I
got the zoo without me
at the zoo no they have told me and
there's dead rat okay how do I've to die
rats if they don't get eaten by an
animal they live up to like 600 years in
case you guys in knowing that's crazy
yeah we said rats but I'm imagining that
there's a fucking panic on down there
that eats the rats or they're the
fucking alligator mud island by the way
I'm actually scared don't see I'm
wearing a bunch of clothes guys I don't
know where this place is
I've never been I've never seen it where
is it it's just this hard
okay so Brian's gonna take me to I don't
even know anything about it he asked me
to go where I'm wearing fucking jeans
you're gonna die of heat boy do we have
boots like rain boot you think I have
guys fuck that yes mom yeah guys this is
much-anticipated you guys ever since
Brian started going to a tunnel we're
asking me you know just go to hell go to
a tunnel everybody was saying how scared
am I scared yes but not for the ghost
reason I don't care if Mike fucking
Wilson whatever fuck his name is lives
there I'm just scared like Wilson yeah
Wilson
Micra well guys that shit was so bad you
know microboy bets on Sophia oh I need a
Dogu shot coming at me never work no
matter who try from ESPN oh yeah so yeah
guys we're about to go to a tunnel my
first time going I'm up Bryan's gonna
lead the way I want Ryan fuck you you've
been there three times a Bioman still I
kept reading up like I kept reading all
the comments on Brian's videos and now
she was just freaking me out so I
stopped you in the comments and let's
fucking go let's go let me look throwing
my layers of clothing if I get bit by an
anaconda or fucking Python or a
alligator look I'm so scared if I see a
snake no any his a some parts are the
waters like deep Ryan okay no there's
like snake living in the hair he's
forcing me to go I didn't know for sure
hey guys for extra protection but when
I'm wearing a shirt under this look ooh
exclusive Phoenix Suns shirt shout-out
to Derek King one of my biggest
supporters he actually got me this shirt
it's our exclusive championship shirt
okay now when we won the champion ever
had but when we went to the NBA Finals
in 1993 that's crazy
cry hard so I got
boy Phoenix sounds like church oh well
we're insurance Hollis if you died
lieutenant it'll be like yeah that's
what makes anything um here I'll wear my
Gerald Green Suns drew why are you
wearing all divine I'm scared no my god
I get did that it's not gonna I'm not
gonna feel it
shy whale fuck I'm scared I'm weighing
Loki scared hey do I look good and now
the sun's way bad I'm not a heat stroke
on the way there you're not a seaman or
UNITA heat stroke in the tunnel to keep
that shit like oh do we have gloves you
want to wear gloves - oh my god eggs
bite the finger no not only that Lions
Garrety like I would I would want to
work come on guys he doesn't tell me any
of this until right before we leave and
you can't back out okay so I just oh I'm
wearing pants fuck that
she's gonna die hello
Bosley they've never seen me mom I'm
scared
dad look under look one two three four
dad alligators snakes rats no the
alligator could but if a snake bites me
I don't think I'll feel it through all
those then wait hold on guys look at my
face
Disney hiding how scared I am knees are
just gonna bite in a wrap around you and
no that's anaconda but those are the
constrictors like rattlesnakes don't
wrap around oh yeah rattlesnake bites me
and I'll take them in and I'm gonna go
through this no but if they buy me the
son of guys so much fucking support okay
no I dad I've never been to the tunnel
I've never know didn't my first time why
are you laughing when Brian want you
guys were all serious saying okay
goodbye but for me it's funny no really
like what Brian's wearing he said
there's grief no listen people he turned
out the ghost
bring the ghost to me better than the
snakes and out loud when there is
mosquitoes and spiders and as if I need
a hat Anna Feeny what else and earmuffs
yeah no gloves and I wear pants
well we're gonna need one yeah the
flashlights these bones are made for
fucking oh my god I'm so scared
that's it you have to hit them yeah yeah
like that cuz just make sure there's no
spotters in there okay guys let's eat
these fish wait mom I'm almost size 12
how are these gonna fit Bosley move holy
shit
do they yeah mom yeah boobs for me haha
it's okay it's okay
hi oh wait wait mom dig up like record
my whole body outfit oh my god mom you
have love yeah - well diversity stroke
Bosley garage remember look where you
are
garage for the Fila has no man of her
summer man cuz I'm gonna be soaking
riding outside okay so this is how we're
going I'm wearing fucking boots like
jeans basketball shorts under boxers oh
shit I didn't wear a cup I was going to
say I swear with all it's too late I
can't take all this off that's how it
was when I first went to the time yeah
okay oh yeah I'm pretty tall yeah grow
brandon Schwing okay guys who work who
or laura better mind you is over a
hundred degrees outside their
flashlights okay why do you wear my
earrings you don't need them you don't
want to sneak the ticket Oh fun
if you want them yeah guys look we could
Brian can put the leash on me and
there's something happens and no let go
Brian
it's okay then I take a shower shower or
okay I have one one more you want no I
don't want if I go I go if I go don't
say that go but we're gonna miss breaks
concert yeah I'm scared of me as your
fine force injury and the NBA season
starts pre season starts um I had a
dream that like I met David oh wait so
hot what god it's bad enough I was
scared of the fucking love my god you'll
be back
is that how it's gonna feel now I'm
gonna go baby guys it's bad enough
already wait I look so bad in orange I'm
never wearing orange it was already bad
enough also scared of the animals and
now Brian Sanyal yeah we're gonna hear
voices and there's fuckin girl voices
fuck the tunnel BYE MOM tell my dad Suns
are better than the Warriors shit shit
shit
oh I'm nervous
scared scared guys yeah honestly I'm
I've been scared that was just like a
intro on I'm is gay we actually doing
this what if like we go on it's like all
blocked off I wish that I've excuse not
to go huh wait we should have brought
Bosley for protection in it Bosley would
last 130 seconds in there like you yeah
hey oh my god oh my god I'm so scared oh
my god I'm not even scared wait I really
don't like hot looking orange oh whoa oh
I should have brought a BT it's a great
okay God we're free well you're parking
here where the fuck is I can't walk this
far with the Yankees it's like right
we're dogs on Dan and nanan nanana nanan
in and then and then a minute wait Brian
what the fuck I cannot go down here I
know you never do stuff like with me and
Anthony wrong yeah cuz I'm a normal
human being that likes to go to gym and
play basketball not do so fat things
like this wait what the phone you're
gonna go down we get ice put water and
water slide like not Silk City we did
that and we hit the tree branch and wei
brian there's four shirt
coyotes and fucking snakes but here guys
i got a splinter in my wrist because of
my fucking gloves so i'm not wearing
them right now come on ah you walk so
slow oh wait how funny if I fell Wei
Brian only I could record and walk at
the same time okay guys oh I'm going
back back back
right Brian wait guys look I'm running
because I'm sorry if my hand is shaky
I'm holding this with one hand come to
the flashlight oh my god calm sighs it's
a little shaky for now ah my feet are
sweaty okay where's the tunnel oh my
brother all the bad things when he tells
me now all he told me before was hey do
you want to go to the tunnel and then I
started reading all the comments on the
videos and now I'm fucking terrified but
I Nev inspired oh I have to put my hook
Brian - Brian oh hi mosquito wait guys
someone call the cops on us we're gonna
do something really bad that way why
that we have an excuse yeah then they
could call the cops or not off to make
the video spider web fuck girl where
where is she I think you're actually
good oh if I do we just see a little
goofy Brian down there wait what you
cannot go down there oh I thought you
were gonna tell me to do summers Brian
why are you running guys fuck this hold
on I'm gonna Brian there's a pond Brian
there's obviously snakes and fucking
elevators full cars it doesn't matter
snakes kill 50 year olds - there's no
age limit that makes you immune to snake
venom Oh
who the fuck guys listening if you don't
know me I don't fuck with animals I love
dogs don't get me wrong I love Bosley
and I love fucking like Beethoven and
stuff but I don't not like wild animals
there's a reason I live in San Diego
where we are guys does this look
familiar by folk you I'm not going down
there I swear come on
no you could go let me know how it is
I'm not going
oh my god I'm not gonna be if I die came
and have sex with Jackie anymore oh I
did this morning so straight guys just
know if I pass I look I lived my life by
Eric bloodstone Devin Booker those are
the two people I live my life for Brian
are you stupid like you actually I have
a brain how old are you
wait we have to jump right here we have
to jump oh I will flip ya guys if I die
I dedicate my life to egg what's on them
okay fine why do you have to jump on
what okay guys I'm done being a baby I'm
I'm being real now all right are you
fucking kidding me this flashlight Oh
what how far deep no let's just do the
Q&A here look Brian it's not it's
there's clothes over there there's
fucking clothes
wait how did people tag that deep in row
Brian no why didn't we bring two
flashlights knows about it no Brian if
it done just Brian hold on hejdå hosel
no I'm scared from fucking sheep
Brian oh my god we should have brought
Bosley okay wait how far deep are we
doing the Q&A Brian no no what do you
mean no
keep according up front what are you
recording Brian are you fucking kidding
me no this is how people diner on a
thousand ways to die no this is when you
hear on the news old Jew kids when it's
optimistic okay but I don't want anymore
I don't want it I don't want do it Ricky
just fine fine district acuity here
don't you need a feel Brian I don't need
a video I won't even think my father
still talk a little bit more stop
talking Ian they were in here right now
what did you just see right now like
yeah I'm just walking yeah well if you
just see me leave because that's what
I'm doing go
okay do the Q&A here turn it on prime I
got it guys thumbs up buddy
me and this at night for Brian wait I
don't
Brian what came in here no let me just
hear em okay Brian let's get out let's
get out nobody I don't wanna do the cuny
around the corner shine the light over
here what the fuck that shit Brian
that's literally molded it'll oh my god
guys were quick we're recording a video
for Brian's channel and we have to face
that way so we're vulnerable to anything
behind them all mosquitos mosquitos
Brian do the fucking video did we just
get taken away where I am Gordon if I do
we look in the camera in that there's
someone right Brian are you fucking
stupid guys we've made a stop right here
guys
you know Brian shot in the line guys
there is no service in here so in cases
Brian keep crying he's getting bit by
shit with I'm literally getting bit by
50 no there's no sir there's no service
in here so we if something happens we
can't call or anything
wait we have to call Bill Nye the
Science Guy
bill do the motherfucker
okay hey I wasn't recording right right
no no no no no Commission I should fail
right you have to make another video
okay guys
wait we right little girl screaming bye
shut up Chuck do you hear no no that's a
dog button find you here you were
recording though it was I you were
recording when it happened I recorded
hold on hold on Brian fuck that plays
fuck the tunnel right we're never done
buck was that no hold on hold on let me
just say I was scared of alligators and
snakes and I said oh I don't care if the
fucking goes Brian a fucking no are you
fucking kidding me guys we heard it was
a Brian said he recorded it I don't know
we're gonna check recorded I'm obviously
kind of showed you guys but my camera
wasn't recording it was off because we
were supposed to do the QA first of all
we did not do the q''-word trying to we
were literally about to record it you
know what I said though before I was
like Brendan imagine we hear like a
little girl yeah or we just see a little
girl or send you ended the recording I
don't know if you started back guys if I
didn't get this on record I think I did
because when I picked up the camera
after we heard it it showed recording
but
Hey
we I was a little girl yeah no guys
please gee we were supposed to do a Q&A
for Brian's channel and we were supposed
to explore like the full tunnel for my
channel mine got cut short Bryan's we
didn't even do the Q&A for Brian's
channel so uh listen all I'm saying is
we're not going back in don't ever ask
me to go because I know you're not gonna
go either now I don't think I'm going
guys fuck yeah so okay now you see why I
was so scared and now you see fucking
bugs Oh long no now I don't even guys I
wish I got eaten by an alligator
anaconda do you rather than doing that
yeah no gods at first when I heard the
girls like okay maybe it's not anything
and it was a long scream and like a cry
I said crying I said fuck that I
literally picked my feet up besides I
could I ran
I could Iran didn't even look back I
didn't even look at that one I didn't
really sure we need to get the fuck out
of here I just said I'll just like Brian
go go go Iran how's about a trip on his
fucking camera fuck that
guys we're out we're up there like
out-out look right I literally never
asked for likes but since you did it I
just got contagious yeah drop alive you
guys enjoyed this video now you see why
so scared everyone's gonna be calling me
a pussy for the beginning ok well now
you see so tunnel we won't be seeing you
soon god I'm so depressed because this
lighting is so good and the scenery is
so good you can come back for a picture
yeah we have to come back for I want to
take a picture for my Instagram but I
didn't dress nice enough for a picture
Brian that she was scary so guys I
apologize if you were expecting a longer
video if you were expecting more footage
I was expecting it to yeah laughing and
going first like yo we're gonna explore
the tunnel yeah and I knew by the second
we walked in okay guys I hope you
enjoyed this video we're both out it's
time to go okay bye guys we're guys now
I'm free of my clothing yeah take
everything off right it's so hard
Brian make me take off the boots it's
Nike has a nice car or anything wait I
was gonna go to gym and play bass on the
boot I'm gonna ball people up in the
boots one two three
for we're out god I'm actually in shock
still like it's been we left so long the
way I should pay my like permanently
paint my skin this color no guys that
was actually insane
my whole worries all along was oh
hopefully there's no fucking animals
there's no fucking little snakes or
alligator first of all I was just joking
about the alligator I don't think no I
actually thought there would be
alligators there like but the first time
I went I'm like that's the only reason
I'm scared but no guys it turns out I
shit you not
we're about to start the Q&A and all I
hear is a girl scream and I'm just
telling you that at first I was like oh
whatever and then it kept going longer I
was like guys again one last apology
because the video was supposed to be so
good it was supposed to be so long and
so much different kind of footage and
just explore really deep that was my
plan I was dressed for obviously in case
you guys gonna tell I was mentally
prepared kind of my room there you had
it something had to happen so this is
all the footage I was able to get I feel
even worse for Brian we weren't even
able to record the Q&A for this channel
honestly like we have to get the fuck
out of there yes so it was literally
like it wasn't coming mother coming from
like her nose it was coming from like
towards the dark side like one log I'm
never gonna forget the voice it was
Brian and I recorded it I would be so
happy cuz I know we're out here live
like have that shit on camp guys
we're done thank you so much for
watching this video like you wonder why
didn't go just fucking tunnel you guys
in the first time so for all the people
who are unencumbered water to such a
pussy now you know why I had a reason to
be a pussy elsewhere and anyway I am
what I eat
mom fuck the tunnel no mom wait
ask us why we came back so quick mom
listen Brian Brian couldn't even record
his Q&A Brian didn't record its Q&A we
heard we heard a girls voice from no mom
we heard a girl's what we weren't we
were barely even in fact we heard a
girls were screaming and crying guys so
what I just found out Brian come
are you stupid for not tummy this whole
time guys this tunnels haunted for one
reason and it's a girl got hit or a
little girl got hit by a drunk driver on
that street and then I don't know what I
didn't know I didn't like remember how
it makes sense now they says why there
was a little girl crying skies the whole
time I'm saying Brian I heard a little
girl we're doing the outro we heard a
little girl we left because we heard a
little girl screaming the whole time
Brian doesn't feel the need to tell me
oh yeah the go there was a low girl got
hit by a drunk driver he told me now
literally an hour after that's so scary
now Bosley what are you doing that's
access to their brain dural no cuz I
left my clothes in your car guys so now
makes so much sense so so I guess if we
had to guess how the spirit or the ghost
of the logo who got ran over and she was
screaming and like even in my first
tunnel video Remy walked in we heard a
honking like oh no honk of a car and
everyone was honking saying it's from
the drunk drivers all that fucker thing
at any time before cuz I would not have
planned
ok guys near barn are about to play a
one-on-one in basketball to see who
drives to LA so if I lose I have to
drive to LA if Brian loses he has to
drive to LA it's like a two and a half
hour drive so we don't want to drive
either one of us but guys you know who I
was when I fled out the fucking tunnel
when I raced out there I actually like I
was Usain Bolt like have you guys seen
the channel no I was fat I was on a
whole other level above Usain Bolt
that's how fast what I heard the girls
scream oh my god
