guys it is 1:00 a.m. the jack is already
dead she's knocked out a baby boom got
it
and guess what me and Jackie have coming
up in about eight hours at 9:00 9:30
a.m. we have our very first test of this
college semester we've got first test of
a college semester 50 questions some
multiple-choice some short answer and
just ask us while she's sleeping so ask
me hey bruh what is how much have you
studied and I'll just tell you that you
don't even want to know the answer so
that's coming up at 9:00 a.m. then at
midnight obviously not at midnight right
now because that already past but at
midnight tomorrow we have our first
typed report dual this semester we've
got five of these to do throughout the
semester and this is our first one it's
due of course I wait till the last
second but to me a due today
due today that's my motto I live by I
die by it honestly to me it doesn't
matter when you get it done as long as
you get it done might not be the
smartest thing to do but it works I
honestly don't ask me how but for
whatever reason somehow someway I always
do my stuff last second I always study
for my test last second and I somehow
end up getting good grades I don't know
but I don't want to jinx it so I'm knock
on wood knock on wood so we got our
first college test at 9 a.m. and then we
have our first typed report of the
semester due first one due at midnight
tomorrow it's nothing big I think it's
like two pages typed so it's no big deal
but hey still report so that's not only
do I have our first College test of a
semester to study for and our first
report of the semester to type but I
haven't even started edit in my video
beasts must come out this is what my
true colors show so I gotta do this it's
gonna pass their test what about you
yeah we're in the same class you have to
take it and we have to study so you need
to you need to wake up we have to study
if I'm if you answer this question you
don't have to study with me who is the
best team in the NBA Hey
are you asleep No beside you yes
I'm so tired okay go back to sleep I'll
wake you up to studying a little guys
I didn't eat I didn't study for my test
I didn't start editing my video I didn't
start my report yesterday I'm knocked
out I just fell asleep and now almost
time for my class I need to go buy a
scantron for the tests but I need to pay
for a scantron that's how they do it in
college they make you pay for your
scantrons ain't that some shit now ain't
that so I'm about to pay to fail the
test let's go yesterday I plan to edit
my video start my concert report then go
to sleep and wake up early and study
before class and now what do I have good
bossy
just waiting for my mom to wake up and
open the door bazi I gotta go guys
listen to this
yesterday night when Jackie left I plan
to edit my whole video finish editing at
night then I plan to start some of my
concert report then this morning I set
an alarm early so I could wake up and
study for the test you know what
happened as I fell asleep and I woke up
late thankfully the concert report isn't
due till midnight so I'll get that down
but the test hopefully I just remember
what I learned in class so wish me luck
and I'm Bobby
go and then I'm going to the gym master
book skin troll this one's small on I
don't know I'll get the smaller ones I'd
like to take a long test I'll be like oh
sorry professor finally not a small one
and he'll be like well bitch yeah guys I
was gonna get the small scantron and
when the teacher says there's more
questions on the test I'll be like oh
well I only bought the small scantron so
I just marked all the other ones right
but I decided to be a good student and I
got the large scantrons I got one for me
one for Jackie Jackie's on her way over
right now so she's stressing oh she's
right there I see her Oh scrubby as fuck
no makeup or anything
come here scrub guys and Jackie just
reminded me that we only have pens me
and her only half pens and there's a
scantron you have to use pencil so I'm
about to go back to the store we're
gonna buy pencils too were such a mess
we didn't even bring pencils to a
scantron test guys Jackie okay
she worked out one time yesterday once
and she came to school and she said oh
my god I came in carrying my books I
can't look I told her yesterday she kept
saying she was like baby I want to do
more I was like no babe you don't feel
it now but you're gonna feel it tomorrow
and she kept saying no I want to do more
weight and more workouts and I said no
like you're gonna feel it tomorrow she
kept saying no so I let her and now she
said she were tired from working out
she's not working anymore she said hey
we're being too loud okay I told them I
was gonna buy a small scantron so if the
test is too long I'll say it oh I only
have this one intro okay guys we needed
buy pencils one time you worked out one
time
do this just Oh guys oh now we're
passing for sure look what the pencil is
my lucky test pencil so I guess this
means you're not to study any
automatically pass I don't know I'll see
God be multiple-choice 25% chance to get
it if you shoot 25 percent from the
field in MBA you suck so multiple choice
in the good okay guys we're studying
right now is that how you're supposed to
do it in college you wake up come to
school 20 minutes for your class and
then study guys look what is hyped this
is the only reason I'm hyped look I
bought this what color should I get
first green fine how was the test matter
it wasn't that bad honestly if we
studied more it would not have been that
hard yeah I definitely blame not
studying and not knowing enough English
so no guys she always have an expense
for us to like the tennis is also safe
guys so we took the test honestly now
that it wasn't even that hard we should
have just studied the night before or
maybe because it was our first test it
really wasn't that hard especially cuz
it's the college test we've taken
college-level tests before him they were
way harder than that so um I'm not gonna
say I think I did good but for the
amount that we studied and how much I
procrastinated ion it definitely don't
think I did bad and now that we know
what the format of the test is like it
was 50 questions yeah I know now it's
definitely like it's gonna be easy it's
gonna be super easy yeah we'll get it we
need to study a different way in an
obviously a different time
turn yeah so now I just what time is it
now I just need to do my concert for Oh
so yeah guys we'll see he said it's
gonna be graded in two days so we should
have to wait that long I'm anxious to
see what I got but uh let's not set the
bar too high okay how was driving why
open the door
listen hey boys well Jackie is dying
because she worked out for the first
time ever that's not healthy and enough
is not I know one day after Jackie's
diet after her healthy eating look at
this she requested it No
you requested it I was on the phone with
her I said babe what do you want to eat
she said um can you get in and out guys
did you know that and then I'll actually
has a secret menu and it's it's not I
don't even know where you find it
honestly all my baby yet it's a secret
menu and look these are called
animal fries they're just fries but they
have grilled onions melted cheese and
the spread that they put on the burger
it's actually so good guys it is almost
7:00 p.m. concert report due at midnight
ask me where I'm going just ask me where
I'm going ask me where I'm going right
now
I'm going to the gym to play basketball
I was trying to play basketball earlier
today at lunchtime but I didn't have my
video done so I had to edit my video and
I didn't play basketball today and crazy
like are you guys on drugs you nope I'm
going things
and you guys on drugs like you really
think I was going to go whole day
without playing basketball
so I'm actually on the way to go play
some basketball right now probably like
an hour and a half or two hours of games
and then I'll come back around 9:00 9:00
p.m. and start my report guys to me it
doesn't matter when I do it as long as I
get it done and you already know my
motto bro wadis motto do today do today
my concert report is due today you got
to do it today my test was today when
you studied today do today do today I'm
out time to go play some basketball
jacket XE at my house right now with my
mom and dad she's doing the concert
report while I play basketball and then
when she's finished she's gonna text me
and that's what I'm gonna come home and
do mine I'm about to log on so I can
start doing my essay this until last
minute because he is at the gym and I'm
in his house trying to do this so
hopefully he has time because I actually
don't know what I'm bout to make up and
I have to do it on Drake and future so
you already know
wait no see you guys I'm not a Mac
person
so teamwork make the dream work my
girlfriend's doing her concert report
first at my house while I play ball and
then I'm gonna go home and do mine while
she watches me do it or eat I don't know
she's probably gonna be eating while I
do it
are you almost done what are you writing
about guys she was writing about future
she wrote a few just rap music I said
future the most famous music artists no
you did not like our teacher doesn't
know who what the fuck'd rap music with
the definition from Earvin dictionary
from what Iravan so urban our urine
urban I put it what is it
trap music our teacher does not know
what the fuck that is
music you listen to what selling you're
doping haha
okay put down the report I won't let you
turn in myself huh I sorta got no vision
oh yeah look it says right here test
music you listen to well selling your
dope in the trad mostly southern rap
like TIG CeeLo Debbie and teacher my god
this game fuckin sucks the Patriots are
the Spurs of the NFL I swear they're
always good no matter what no matter
what injuries no matter what year no
matter what they're always good to the
Spurs cuz I need to do mine too
wait look at the lyrics these bitches
love so sad oh and or no okay put that
in the fuckin fucking with a voice oh
yeah
look at the time 9:56 I was just about a
star look I saw this started I literally
save everything till the last minute and
Jackie asks me if I want full shot my on
top Jackie asked me if I want a very tow
so I'm going with her to go get a
burrito but I'm bringing my laptop in
the car so I can do this while she
drives look am I the biggest
procrastinator on earth I have to wait
till literally 10 p.m. when it's due at
11:59 guys like if you try to turn it in
at 12:00 it won't even be accepted it
has to be in turned in at 11:59 and I
literally wait till the last second
now she brought it to me with a burrito
she wanted me to stay home and she would
just bring you the burrito but I told
her bitch I'll just come with and do the
report in the car a to me as long as you
get it done it gets done it doesn't
matter how you do with it do today do
today God will come to Vytas and look at
the lines through the door look at this
shit what the fuck we just came for a
quick reader way ask them why why are
you my life
all in line oh yeah oh okay thank you no
don't go 250 points cause you know
there's like 50 people in line and
they're actually waiting for a fuck bro
this place is gonna make more money than
they made all year in one fucking night
I damn well shout-out to my girl yeah
can I please get a the combo to the two
cheeseburgers you want to know why I
love the fact I've been writing NB
articles since I was like 14 years old
because look I'm pretty much done with
this report it had to be two pages
almost done I've got a couple lines left
at the time like literally some 30
minutes later I'm done he told us it
would take us approximately three hours
it took Jackie like two and a half or
three hours no offense I'm not saying
anything that's how long it took almost
everybody in my class but I've completed
I was always in the like honors or AP
English classes in high school and I
completed all my English college courses
and I've been writing articles and
reading NB articles ever since I was a
kid you know how when people were kids
they played video games or whatever read
comic books I don't know I would be
reading NBA articles so that helped me
and in the least cocky sway I'm not
trying to brag but it just helped me
grow into being a really good writer it
helps me in situations like this and
people might say oh well I could rush an
essay too but I'm gonna but you're gonna
end up getting a bad grade anybody can
rush a paper and just get a bad grade
but that's not it I rush it and I end up
getting a good grade so I'm blessed with
a talent to write and I'm really happy
okay guys so I just got the email but
tests are graded so now you go on a
separate website to check your grade the
test wasn't that hard but we didn't
study that good so I think I don't think
I did too bad honestly but I don't know
the college tests are very unpredictable
Jackie got work right now so we'll see
what we have to wait to see what she got
I'm so nervous my first test of this
semester
to the teacher grades fast usually
teachers take longer than two days to
grade a test and my grades white I got a
beard I passed the test with a beat yes
I fucking told you guys boy I'm so hot
right now so high Brian I got a B on my
on my music test okay guys so I ended up
getting a 41 out of 50 I missed nine
questions
41:15 not bad at all that equates to an
82% for some of you guys I don't know
and honestly I will take that all day
for the amount of time that I push this
test off and for the amount of time that
I push the studying off and I fell
asleep when I had so many things to
study woke up and just try to like study
really quick before class the fact that
I pulled an 82% out of that hallelujah I
will take that don't get me wrong I
expect an a every test that I get I want
to get an A and I'm not happy with
anything other than an a but when you
factor in the circumstances of just
everything that happened and like the
huge rush I was in I will take a 82%
then every single day of the week so I
want to see what Jackie got I'm hoping
she did good but no guys I'm actually
really happy I didn't expect to get a bi
I was honestly just hoping our path to
the C so the fact that I got a 82% I'm
high now we wait to see what I got on my
concert report riding though I love to
ride riding is really easy to me so I'm
pretty sure I got higher than and beyond
my concert report but we'll see you
never know cuz I did that last minute to
Felicia I'm never going
I swear to God got okay what did you go
on your test if something still passed
yeah you did you ought to see you got to
see it you got 70 percent 35 out of 50
yeah you're talking to an ace do that
Here I am now guys she's pissed
good night literally regret we just have
to study more next time well not me I
mean I got a B but she gets so mad when
I do better than her in school yes you
do yes you do don't want it in your life
no it's not I get happy to it and I
swear you don't you get mad at me not
gonna matter you mad as a teacher cuz I
honestly got lucky with that B and you
are lucky with a C we honestly should
have failed
we need a say hey I can eat me angry the
way that you say that hey we need to
study more
we just need to study more next time I
just need to know English I say if I
knew English you know English you having
gone our concert reports back yet we
only got our test parts back if I if I
could I would trade my great friend
Jackie because I love her I would have
taken the sweet 16 liar no I'm not out
of taking the sea otter gave you my B
but ecology you can't even lie it right
College doesn't lie it right like you
can't you're right you don't know
English but College doesn't work like
that
what about you are we gonna do better
next test okay say buddy I say bye-bye
what how much you're like are we gonna
start studying next test four days four
days I saw one yeah one day guys will do
better next test hey mom I got a B on my
music test no yep she gets mad with mom
what kind of my mom what kind of
relationship you know you're supposed to
be proud of your partner damn good she
gets mad
motivation oh and tomorrow don't miss
the tunnel video holy shit we show
Jackie a preview of what we heard guys I
was not I kept telling Jackie yesterday
before she went to sleep I said don't
fucking fall asleep until I fall asleep
first cuz I'm not saying awake like this
like he will not let go and I was like
hey okay okay okay see guys exactly I
never said I'm never scared me I'm never
scared that's proof yesterday I heard
some shit in the tunnel we got it on
record you wonder why I never fucking
went to the tunnel you wonder why I
never went just wait just wait til
tomorrow you'll see the video what are
you packing for Vegas baby
we are not going to Vegas we're going to
LA okay
mium me and Brian are going to the Drake
concert but Jackie's coming along scared
me Lynette oh she's just gonna third
wheel with me and Brian on his sleeve no
so we're packing to LA me and Brian are
going to the Drake concert today we were
supposed to leave last night but we
knocked out doesn't that sound familiar
knocking out when you had something to
do that's literally my life story
we took our music test last week we
thought our grades back last week in
case your month in case you could tell
Jackie's here is a totally different
color she's a whole different person
than she is last week last week she was
a brunette now she's blonde all right
wait are you still sore no you're not
it's been a Wookiee no but tell them how
good I actually yes wait no but in the
bit okay guys here let's say in the
video you cheated that was the second
day of your diet you had in and out but
let me tell you guys now she's taking
the diet way more seriously she's been
going to the gym and she's been getting
less sore so that's good it was just
your first time that's all your
resources
okay flex your triceps now actually how
I work them out okay do your biceps but
we haven't gone to the gym together so
anyways guys we're leaving to LA me and
Ron are gonna be at the Drake concert if
you guys want to meet us you could step
out to the forum before the concert
starts we'll be there you might be
wondering why are you making this video
today's you guys took the test last week
and you wrote the concert report last
week well the teacher graded the test
within like two days after we took it
but we just got our concert
for grades back and so I was waiting to
make this video until we found out we
got on the concert report so we could
put it all in one just asked when I got
in the cost report look you're good to
you could tell from my smile 20 out of
28 plus 100% but hold on weep yes I did
I showed you the screenshot right when I
saw it i snapchatted to jackass ah yes
okay but what did you get 20 out of 20
guys she copied me better no it's
definitely not that's ok god I'm not a
post both M and C was are better than
exactly so yeah guys um we wrote about
the Drake and future concert we went to
last week and now I'm going to another
one today but yeah we got 20 out of 20
and then I guys all hide I talk 20 out
of 20 and to me writing is really easy
she knows I've been in like I finished I
finished all my college English courses
within my first before YouTube my job
was I was writing article I was a
journalist so I'm just good at writing
boy guys you know people used to pay me
in high school to write their essays and
then they wouldn't believe that I would
write them because I'm super like I love
to joke around and I'm just like I never
really taken things seriously so when
they see that I get really good grade on
my essence they're just like are you
sure you wrote this I'm just like don't
judge I see you in the mirror now you
were looking at my butt but don't tell
me anything about math because my math
is terrible anyways we both got eight
pluses on the concert reports I got a B
on the test
she got a seed but we're both passing
and there's no doubt we got to do a
better job on studying for the test next
time and maybe next time I won't write
my concert report in the McDonald's
drive-through but anyways time to go to
LA I just need to finish editing this
video really quick and Brian's driving
Oh
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
video bruh wadis I'm out and I hope to
you a lot of you guys in LA by the way
guys just cuz I got good grade is I
honestly believe that we look down I
think me and Jackie lucked out
do we definitely don't recommend waiting
till the last second to do everything
and we don't recommend ourselves to do
this again either we're going to study
harder next time and try to get our
stuff done on time we honestly just got
this was a blessing I don't know how we
asked the test but we'll take it we are
not complaining you learn you live and
you learn and now we learned our lesson
it's much easier to just get yourself
done way before the due date
I just don't you love my model of do
today do today
