just please show them you're new here
you already post a picture on Instagram
no they weren't everybody said you were
beautiful fine show your nails first cuz
I know you like your nails I like I'm
not saying how many ideas wait hold on
keep the thing over your face
what's wrong your name wife do you say
yes I know
oh okay can you please just show your
hair please it looks hot guys my
girlfriend went blonde look at this babe
I'm first of all what happened to your
arm
she says she got hit by a car door yeah
well I was getting all my stuff out of
my car look okay fine look at your hair
guys do you like it she went blonde it's
nice I'm serious let's see give me a
smile okay look how light you guys it's
blonde I'm dating a blonde what is going
on I'm dating a blonde now I have no
choice hey I'm just joking you look good
yeah it looks hot no don't dye it back
it looks good if you don't like after a
couple weeks you could die back but let
it grow on you first she told me she was
going blonde I didn't believe her until
I see it look guys were matching who's
winning their first game today oh you
know no you're not oh yeah she's our
sixth man she's coming off the bench
guys I don't even know if I'm gonna
start she knows
guys I don't even know if I'm gonna
start I can't I can't take clothes
recording okay how you have to see you
know tell them the new song Adama tell
her
I forgot as you can actually get
magazine oh yes what's in song lyric
okay what's the name of the song is it
by Fetty WAP no it's always it's by
Drake No
oh okay it's it's by Rascal Flatts
I forgot no you only told me one time I
told you twice times haha okay guys so
let me tell you my schedule for today
today is my first game I don't know why
I'm actually wearing the Jersey I'm on
my game till tonight
so let me just get out of this I was too
high my game is in 12 hours 12 hours and
he's about to break ankles oh she's
putting pressure on me okay on that many
breaking who's gonna win you how many
points am I gonna score don't put too
much pressure on me is my first game 15
15 13 ok 13 now 10 what 10 points and
you'll see I'm scoring more than 10 no
13 but I feel it in you so what's your
final prediction so we could look back
after umm 13 pressure 13 Brian predicted
12 so Brian predicted 12 points she
predicted 13 I predict I don't have a
fuck how much I score as long as we get
the win honestly I hate losing ask her
what happens to you what I lose at the
gym yeah guys sorry I keep zooming into
Jackie from time to time she's just so
she's so hot she's so beautiful with her
new hair so I want all of you guys to
see it up close it's I love it but um
pardon the interruption because we've
got a vlog to watch so let's keep
watching this vlog what I love that
video ya know and sometimes because I
always like em upstairs doing cardio
that's like what I mostly do and I can
see him from the ellipticals like all
the way at the corner I can see how Madi
that's what he goes it is fun and that's
just a pickup game this is actually a
league game where they keep stats and
they keep record and there's playoffs
imagine if I get that mad over a pickup
game I don't like to lose
do I yeah and it goes everywhere right
now we just got back from class we just
got back from school we had our first
class and I'm about to go get a haircut
appointment you really thought I was
gonna like it's fun to go to school with
bad hair overdue haircut but you really
think I'm gonna play my first game
without a haircut
fuck that anyways guys why am i coming
Jared you be my cheerleader so right now
I'm Bobby go get my hair
and if you're wondering why I'm wearing
my double basketball socks is because
right after I got my haircut I'm gonna
go to the gym and play some basketball
play some pickup ball my game is until
tonight there's still hours until my
game I'm still young so I could do this
I could I'm gonna just go play some
basketball Jackie was telling me not to
go to a gym she said you need to rest
before your game it's not smart to go to
the gym before but I love basketball
samba nah I know I have a lot of energy
I slept like 4 hours last night I like
you here I'm dating a blonde I'm gonna
go get my hair cut and then go to the
gym to play basketball and then go to my
game at night to play some more
basketball flicks on camera
I can't disburse oh so ugly I'm sorry
what a klutz
no that is close kind of dude guys I'm
actually I never get nervous when I play
basketball I'm usually super excited and
don't get me wrong I'm really excited as
you saw wearing my fucking Jersey ever
since I woke up I'm super excited to
play but I am a little nervous just
because I've never not only have I never
played with any of my teammates I've
never even met them I have no idea who
these people are I've never seen them so
in in basketball you always perform
better when you play with people who you
know so today not only have I never met
my teammates or seen my teammates I
don't even know which division of the
league were playing in I didn't even ask
any questions random dude just told me
hey I've seen you play and we want you
to play on our team and I was like okay
so we'll see how this goes a couple more
hours till my game
Bosley who's winning today me guys you
all know how to make sure a hundred
percent your barber will not mess up
your hair I'm on my way to chick-fil-a
right now not only to buy food from me
and Jackie but to also bring a
chick-fil-a sandwich from my barber you
want to make sure your barber doesn't
mess up your hair you bring him some
chick-fil-a right before your
appointment I got the what do you call
it I got the
I got the juice guys you know what they
say don't ever bring your girl to a
barbershop I'm changing the game I'm
breaking the rules I am bringing away
God's I forgot his chick-fil-a sandwich
in the car already forgot it once and I
came back out to get in I forgot it
again you know they say never bring your
grill to to the shop well I'm changing
the game I am bringing my girl to the
shop I really like that green on you
actually but green if you take I want to
like fight about this tall so yeah hope
you killed you shangela's it was a dude
so smaller than me okay guys haircut
done but remember you can't judge a
haircut until after you shower that's my
rule so you guys can't see it on top so
I shower and I always like to touch up
my own head when I I always like to
touch up my own head after a haircut
like I give myself watch I'll show you
guys what I do after a haircut everybody
who gets here kiss regularly knows you
cannot judge your haircut until you get
home get in the shower and then get out
then you could look at it okay guys so
this is all I do every day and don't get
me wrong I love my mower and I love the
job he does but I always touch it up
myself so this is for the skin taper
right here
honestly I'm doing anything I just do it
it's all in my head
I feel like I'm listening but I'm not
and this is for a little bit of my beard
see look nothing's even in the thing but
if no hair even came off I just do it
cuz I feel like I'm touching it up is
the mustache you have to change the clip
mom I saw you sneak away from me proof
my barber does an excellent job you want
to try to touch it up it's already
touched up clean okay well it looks like
I'm right away I'm in shower yet and
then I'm ready for my game guys Jackie's
crying you see Lucy I can't sir before I
showered and all my hair all my little
hairs got on her face let me see two
little hairs she already took a lot of
them Oh
your bruise is so bad how it look sexy
though I like it yeah this purple that's
nice oh god I know I'm sure guys I tried
to I say anthing she did I don't hurt so
bad like you know what I was trying to
work out okay the hair off mm no there's
a lot wait little ones okay I can it's
giving me anxiety
well you always say that I need to kiss
you yeah but not like your hairs that's
gross I feel dirty
oh my care oh okay it's done that's it
to 10 p.m.
seven more hours from my game it's
exactly at 9:10 I just got back from the
gym I played look oh my god I look so
ugly with earrings without a shirt hold
on let me put a shirt on okay I'm ugly
either way I played basketball really
likes I don't want to risk hurting
myself or get to times before my game so
I just play like a couple hours maybe an
hour and a half or two and I didn't go
full strength because like I said I
don't like to lose I do not like to lose
gains I get really mad and I just take
basketball very seriously so
I saved a lot of my energy well actually
I extorted a lot of energy after the gym
right here in the bedroom but that's
beyond me so yeah now we just wait we
wait around for the game every time
before I have a game I like to a couple
hours before the game I like to go to
the gym and either shoot around by
myself or if there are people playing
then I'll play a little bit of
basketball uh-huh hey just so like I
kind of like to just know my spots on
the court for the day where I'm hot from
babe look what you did to my arm
do you see give me kiss sorry babe new
nails
new ease nails new you hot new hair hot
you look at me you look hot
okay guys so guess who I just picked up
from school three two one hi
okay and look guys Jackie's actually
taking her diet seriously I'm proud of
her so me and Stephanie are going to LnL
Hawaiian barbecue which is not even that
bad for you honestly so Jackie could
have easily been like y'all come to LnL
all it is it's like rice and some meat
you don't get it here too young but
Jackie already had a surplus amount of
protein earlier but what I'm trying to
say is that Jackie said oh babe I'm
actually gonna get a salad and I said
what you want a salad over Ella no
barbecue and she's serious about her
diet so instead of making her get the
salad what do we just pick up we just
picked Jackie up a salad so we're gonna
have we're going to Ellen Ellen we're
gonna have the shot waiting for her
she's on her way but I'm gonna test her
looks tough pull out what I bought the
last thing that I asked for it I'm a
tester as she looked not my taco the
fuck another thing I'm a tester because
look flan or is it a flan or flan here's
a flan when they want to be Jackie loves
flan and obviously in case you don't
know it is not that good for you so
we're gonna test her after she eats a
salad I'm gonna be like babe I got you
some dessert and we'll see what she says
you know what she had the nerve to ask
me she said babe can I do a cheat day or
no I said babe you started your diet
Monday it is Tuesday I said you could do
a cheat day but usually people don't do
on the second day of their diets like
they'll do yeah I said go ahead people
do cheat but I'm usually it's like maybe
a week into the diet not one day on the
second day so yeah we're going to Helen
Allen Jackie's on her way we're gonna
meet her there just picked her up a
salad and I'm proud of her so far even
though she doesn't need to go on a diet
I tell her I say babe you're beautiful
why would you go on a diet she says no
babe Lulu so I say okay whatever you
choose to do I support it so do your
diet whatever you can't tell a girl what
to do am i right all right yeah you're
right
especially a Latina she bites she has
entered the building
babe I got you your salad hey blonde I
got you your salad
Steph what do you think of the hair wait
babe then she got you right no you said
yet guys did you see she said yes okay
we could share we could share guys I got
me a taco while I wait for my L&L so
Jackie got a salad from El Pollo Loco I
got a taco and some Ellen Oh imagine how
hard my man Jackie's relationship is
gonna be for the next couple of weeks
she's on a diet to lose weight and get
healthier I'm on a diet to eat whatever
and just gain weight for like the next
couple weeks we're literally crossing
paths on an opposite scale she is
literally trying to cut way I don't know
why she thinks she looks bad I don't
know she's trying to cut weight and
start eating healthier and I'm honestly
trying to eat fat and just put on some
weight for the next couple weeks just to
get a little bigger so me and Jackie are
we're gonna have a few clashes in these
coming weeks
guys I'm never coming out to eat with
them look at this no no don't stop now
don't be fake look so I'm right here I'm
eating right and look at them no don't
no don't stop now go show me look
they're just talking and gossiping and
I'm just over here I'm just over here
trying to eat and they're excluding me
from all their plans
buddy why am i dating a blonde okay guys
so I remember how I've been saying like
I don't know any of my team members none
of my teammates I don't know the league
we're playing him well the guy that
asked me to UM play on the team mind you
I had never seen him before in my life
that was the first time I'd ever seen
him he texted me and he was like cuz I
yo I said what's up
he said working you I said I'm about to
pick up my cousin from school you know
I'm expecting the same about the game
and I said waiting for the game and he
said yep been looking forward to it and
I'm just like so why'd you text me no
but yeah so in a couple hours I'm gonna
go meet all the teammates and guys shout
out Kai's shout out Kai's Omar all of a
sudden Pharaoh they have this at lnl
barbecue which one should I win psych I
can't win any of these the shit's rank
is too hard guys I'm feeling generous
today
so right now instead of walking and sit
for no not generous for you I was
feeling generous for Bosley so I'm going
to Petco okay I haven't bought Bosley a
toy since his birthday so it's been it's
been months actually he doesn't deserve
it don't get me wrong Bosley does not
deserve a toy right now but I believe in
I believe in good karma so I feel like
if I buy Bosley a toy we might win our
game tonight good karma let's go buy
Bosnia toy from Petco you guys ready to
go to Petco Petco boomin babe hey
I'm supposed to be from the back why she
can't do anything to me from the back
guys look who we ran into
when I on the way to pick oh why are you
sucking me can I get a picture please
mom I'm going to Petco to buy Bosley a
toy hi guys
Oh like he doesn't like noise I know but
he has to do something to me good like
me I am at three different guy
chinchilla oh it is a guinea pig our
chinchilla gay pig garage garage now see
I don't get scared what buzzer get
scared
Steph you idiot these are the
chinchillas those were guinea pigs
garage nobody go to the snake aisle do
not yeah no no fucked I'm not holding
focusing guys I'm terrified of snakes
okay you hold a snake no you don't tell
them to take it out no guys fuck snakes
I cannot I'm sorry but I'm terrified of
snakes even the little corn snakes I
don't like that I'm so scared
it's because my mom my mom used to make
me watch anaconda ever since I was a kid
you know anaconda the movie what are you
doing they've stopped flirting with him
I'm right here good the snake it's
actually moving
I thought all Petco snakes were actually
dead and they don't tell you so after
you buy them look it oh my god it's
moving it's moving oh my god hey why do
they have to play the scary background
jungle music could be someone holy shit
I fucking hate snakes hey I already saw
you move don't try to play dead now I
saw you move your head this one I saw
slithers tongue look the only dead
oh my god I'm out of here 50% off you're
telling me that you actually have to pay
for the snakes they wouldn't even be
able to pay me a million dollars and I
still what about the snake and you tell
me that people actually pay for the
snake okay guys so instead of buying
Bosley a toy I know he'll only like me
if I get him something food-related so I
bought these three bones peanut butter
flavor chicken flavor and bacon flavor
and I know they're not the healthiest
for dogs but if we're being honest how
much longer does Bosley have to live
anyways I'm just joking the worker heard
me know I'll just give him these guys
like a gift for I don't know Halloween
is coming up so I'm getting bossy a
Halloween gift babe okay what would you
do if not even these make Bosley like me
I would give up I'm just I'm only doing
this so ballsy could like me he's hated
me for so long it's time to end it okay
guys so I'm walking back to the car with
my toys for Bosley and the land I ran
into for huge fans like I'll let them
introduce themselves right now one i'm
josh josh Jeremiah
Gavin shoutout to Renzo he says he's my
biggest fan Gavin so he's my biggest fan
half a drug steam and phase drug - this
is um I went to school with a sister for
all four years so I know her this is my
new homie right here so that is my new
homie - so alright guys thank you for
watching
we're gonna put peanut butter in the toy
do you want that you want to get a
toilet peanut butter come on let's go
oh now you're happy you know what peanut
butter is you like it let's go easy ZZ
Oh Bosley you see don't jump don't jump
go single steps don't
Oh Bosley okay look we're gonna get the
new toy I bought you and we're gonna put
peanut butter in it okay
you want that give me five oh now you
listen huh sit stand up up okay and sit
spin okay come here let's put an the toy
this I guess you put peanut butter
inside mom can you report us
I wanted to buy I'm just a regular toy
but I know that wouldn't make them like
me only food will make a chanela
wait okay Bosley see she runs three two
one the Freak the exercise before the
peanut butter lovely career bother you
gotta exercise you wanna come okay
you know if I think torturing him Bosley
are you getting are you getting peanut
butter and jelly
no he's not oh no oh hey hey does it
okay go get it go wait I didn't throw I
wanna balls it go get it go
now he plays maybe now he'll like me
he's licking the outside Basel you got
to go inside imagine it's a girl you
don't just lick the legs you also got to
do some damage inside pawsley you are so
ugly guys it's been so long Bosley how
long were you guys he loves it
okay Bosley you want it go get it go
oh he goes all the way to the garage for
that he loves it
he's so fat what is going on bro watch
squad it is wait what the fuck is today
it's oh yes Wednesday I just want to
play basketball so today's Wednesday
I just got back from the gym and if
you're wondering where is the footage of
the basketball game well I recorded a
lot of the game I actually got a whole
lot of footage from the game and I'm
gonna make a whole separate video of my
whole game that I played last night I'm
not gonna tell you guys if I won or lost
I'm not gonna tell you guys how many
points I scored
don't even bother checking Twitter or
snapchat cuz I didn't say anything about
it I'm gonna have a whole set actually I
could show you guys a preview I'm sure
you guys a preview right now
wow I'm getting stretched by the best
I'm getting stretched by a blonde how
weird
yes
I'm gonna make a whole separate video
because I know not all of my subscribers
like basketball now all of my
subscribers are into basketball so if
you guys don't want to see me play I'm
not gonna put it in a vlog I'll just
make a whole separate video so if you
guys are interested in seeing me play
seeing my team I'll have a separate
video for not if not you guys don't have
to watch it so I feel like that's more
fair so that video should be up sometime
soon whether it's tomorrow or the next
day
anyways Wednesday me and Brian are
leaving to Los Angeles tonight we're
gonna be there late tonight like around
midnight why because we're gonna see
Drizzy Drake why you gotta fight with me
a cheesecake we're about to see him
tomorrow live so we're gonna leave
tonight we don't want to leave tomorrow
because we don't want to risk anything
you know traffic maybe be late to the
concert we don't want to risk it so
we're just going to leave tonight stay
in a hotel and now we're going to hit at
the concert tomorrow so if you guys are
on LA try to run into us there we're
going to go to the concert extremely
early tomorrow to me a lot of you guys a
lot of fans outside the arena so catch
me and my brother there tomorrow
actually you might not want to catch my
brother he hasn't got a haircut it's so
fucking long I'm ashamed to even be seen
next to him but hey he's not with the
haircut vibe anyways I hope you guys did
enjoy this video I hope to meet a lot of
you guys out there in LA tomorrow thank
you guys so much for watching thanks so
much for supporting robot squad I love
you guys all I'm also posting a pillbox
opening video soon I haven't done one of
those and so long you guys have been
commenting about you guys I missed it so
stay tuned guys oh I forgot to say I'm
actually going to the tunnel with Brian
today so that video is coming up soon as
well we got a lot of videos coming up I
have never been to the tunnel I have
never been it's always been my brother
so this is gonna be my first time going
I have no idea where it's I have no idea
I don't know I've never been to a tunnel
I'm so I'm so scared I have not been to
the tunnel yeah but just based off what
you guys tell my brother and based off
what you guys have been tweeting me you
guys have all been wanting me to go with
Brian and so we're gonna make that dream
come true no we're gonna make that
nightmare come true he's been to the
tunnel two or three times I've never
been so I'm nervous guys I'm fucking I'm
scared I've heard a lot of bad things a
lot of crazy things about the taunted
tunnel I don't even want to research it
and I'm gonna stop reading your guys's
comments about it because I don't want
to
even more scared I like to be I like to
think of myself as kind of manly so when
I get scared
mm-hmm but anyways yeah we're about to
go to the tunnel in an hour or so videos
coming up in the next couple days should
be interesting anyways thank you guys so
much for watching I love each and every
single one of you guys that would be a
good outro let me try it again I love
each and oh maybe I could like lean back
with it too long I love each and every
single one of you now I love you guys
goodbye
