know what you have to make a little bit
of space for the people's pictures in
the middle have you ever been in the
YouTube video just oh okay like for
YouTube you have to be like energetic
you can bring it I know black usually
you're boring I say hi welcome back to
keeping up with the áwhat is's I think
okay ready for real now what is going on
you guys Brandon here okay everyone it's
and today I am here with my beautiful
cousin
oh I forgot her name agenda okay Jessica
Jessica was your lesson
Oh what is Oh RJ 1j whoa hey you are
when we used to play we you put J
wannabe walk oh really
oh damn I've no none of that long well
anyways got for today's video
me and Jessica are going to be doing and
smash for past youtubers edition I don't
even know if I'm ready for this video
Jessica just say pass for everybody I'm
not ready freaking like please yeah I'm
not ready for this okay you're my cousin
I don't care if you're older you're so
my cousins so what god forbid if i did
this video with my ex-girlfriend Jackie
okay there's a reason there's no video
of smashing past with my ex-girlfriend
yeah Jackie I'll probably be in jail
after that video but without further ado
let's okay start it just do you know
what is the replacement we don't know of
each other I just told her you pick
seven I'll pick seven girls first so
Jessica you could go for it okay
the youtuber I chose for you is Chantel
Jefferies okay like I'm a guy and I like
girls and I'm sure every guy who likes
girls is not gonna say pass to Chantel
Jefferies so thank you for making it
easy because
gonna come out of your mouth for all of
them Jessica what she's very
good-looking damn can you give me some
like at least ones that I could debate
we're starting off with a bang we're
starting off with to mainstream
youtubers the brothers Jake Paul and
Logan Paul yes
are you just saying it's okay because I
want you to be honest that honesty pass
and pass okay so I guess you know who
has the highest standards Jessica
alright
Oh hard to be with a youtuber Brandon's
dream girl is cardi B she's not my dream
girl she's just somebody that I would
why don't you loosen this one who's
gonna cause a little flames Jenna then
why would you put it in the video this
is why should have told me who you pick
before we started together oh no that's
not fair if you don't tell me who you
pick her I can't tell you all right
Molly uh scum like what I just don't
understand why would you do this because
I just want to know what you smash your
pad like okay like here's the thing but
he says be good no it's not a cute
that's Molly that's my brothers eggs I
would never do something like that
that's family that sludd you know she
was a good friend of mine I like I
looked at her like a sister but it is
video like counting like everything in
the past and history and facts or as of
today if Molly özkan walked in right
through that door would you smash her
path like it depends what I'd be home
alone
like I mean obviously I'm living because
I have respect for my brother that's my
brother
my homeowner I have a little bit of
morals I have something like like
obviously based on blood Smalley's very
good-looking you know she's beautiful
she liked it she was a great sister to
me and good a younger sister Jessica are
you gonna into my turn now hey like
what's up baby
it's the wedding alright cuz I just
played basketball before this is getting
intense it's only the second one okay oh
my god we call it in my language Rose
the image that means I'm gonna have to
pass
but why is nice okay I like him I like
him as a person I like him I'd say you
too Brian same with Molly yeah but yeah
for me to sleep with him I'm just gonna
go ahead and go with path so right soon
I think you just got friend-zoned but at
the end of the day you're the district
god so you know just make it loud and
clear that I like it right Scott if it
makes you feel better you get to freakin
live with summer-rae
so you know if you get friends on by
just owning it realizes you're living
with freaking summer-rae okay speaking
of summer-rae oh yeah that's a yes
that's the easiest one I honestly I
think I would smash would you like the
picture you know I feel like that just a
fish on Instagram picture of summer-rae
I feel bad I mean no no obviously summer
we didn't even look at the picture this
race mad Oh summer write to me she's
like she has a good personality she's
smart she has like nice hair and like
she's friendly has good manners she was
raised well I don't know about looks
looks like okay
she was raised well did you grow up with
her yeah you know me and her friends in
school not officer in celebration
she's beautiful my body class her facing
knives she's she's very very beautiful
and my answer is yes yes wait Jessica oh
my I got it okay okay you can guess how
good she's good
okay based off of like let me show ya
don't look did I name it okay is it
wolfy wrap no terrified no because if
she's not amazing I do not condone this
continue
Tanner Tanner is my guy by the way I
just forgot how old he was 1999
we're Gucci 1999 okay so Tanner falls
same thing as right so I like him and I
think he's cool and he's funny and
everything like I've watched his videos
to smash I'm gonna have to pass okay for
you just yours make me nervous
no no don't worry this one is kind of
like a hit or miss I don't know what
you'll say okay okay
jenna Marbles I mean obviously like
Val's home alone and I was in the mood I
think I would pass because I look at her
like a like an older sister okay okay
finally someone free content models
knocks on the door I like to say oh no
get out and Jake knocked on the door I'm
gonna say get out okay nice no no before
Jenna honestly you know I watch your
videos and she's cool hey honestly I
would hang out with Jenna she's a good
shoe be a good friend I can tell you
being good friends but uh smash I don't
know about that
so I'm a path okay okay my turn my turn
I'm scared I got three more okay what's
the guy you just guessed right before
this no fear at Whoopie rats but I'm
gonna pass okay just now I know you're
lying you pass everybody look what is he
too big for you he's good-looking but
pass hey wolfy you're my guy again brush
this off you have a girlfriend so solid
anyways you know okay and to be honest I
watch your girlfriend's YouTube videos
so okay so we're going to take you a
little bit out of your comfort zone just
how many more do you have three okay
so can I show them the picture I
screenshot it I'm not even gonna say
okay Miranda I mean like if you send
Miranda Cosgrove and that would be a
different story
just how about I'll be scared extremely
hilarious but I just don't like like I
don't think I don't know we do I just
passed a rule standards yes morals
yeah yeah yeah that's true on to my V
mexica you pass every single one so far
okay how about now
the one the only Yousef aka
fouseytube yeah he would be a good
friend of mine no I hate lime that's why
he's so big too masculine and muscular
oh I forgot you want a little book okay
so I'm gonna have to go with pass I
think I think I have an idea of what's
going on here Jess guys secretly has a
boyfriend and she thinks he's gonna
watch this video so she's passing
everybody you make me feel like think
pass we're going down I want to be a
good girl I wish you chose like people
that I would actually like it just makes
no sense I'm sitting next to you you're
my cousin I'm your cousin like why why
just go
it's a Smasher P yeah yeah
choo-choo-choo it's just a tree Erica
Cousteau kosto a lot of people think
she's pretty I'm not calling your ugly
okay that's not what I'm doing I'm not
calling her ugly but different people
have different tastes or different types
I think that goes for hair color I don't
really see you're as attractive but I
know a lot of people who are like Oh
Erica cost ourselves you know blah blah
blah
so I'm gonna have to pass myself but I'm
not saying she doesn't hear anything
Jess what oh my good man now three women
okay but that's not fair put any guy
there honey someone knocks on the door
anyone where I'm not liking okay my last
one I mess with you guys I like your
videos Austin from the a spam okay I'm
gonna have to smash easy he has a kid
Brendon I know it's my fashion of speech
I'm sorry sorry sorry Catherine
I shouldn't have freaking three shot
this I'm sorry it's my fault my fault
please don't hate Jess and don't there's
a me dream hey finally one you and you
know I can't have fun what is wrong like
I couldn't do this with a friend I had
to do family like I had to do Hey
alright the last one we're gonna go out
with a bang wait I like that okay ready
my next one Alyssa violet
Jenna okay Jessica but you don't have a
brain that's what you don't have you
know I'm a brain like what like you know
I'm friends with face Binks like that's
my friend that's my brother's friend
like why would you okay I'm not gonna
answer that banks I'm close to banks who
okay maybe you would I'm not saying that
that's yours No thank you so much for
watching today's video please drop a
like on this video if you enjoyed I
regret heavily making this video with
family no no it's not you it would have
been any family member I should have
done it with a friend and not a friend
that I don't really care about which
would not even be my friend I should
have done a raffle of random people to
do this video Wendy isn't it wouldn't be
as awkward if you did enjoyed thank you
so much to Jessica for helping me out
with this just as you can tell from this
video and from all the other video she's
been in with Brian but subscribe to this
channel if you are new we told you on
the phone Jess I swear to God
smash you like on this video smash that
like don't pass the like button and
don't have that subscribe button
either smack that like when smash that
subscribe button I don't care if that
button has dated one of your friends
before over subscribe button has you
know married someone really close to you
if they have kids I don't care smash it
and yeah we are on the road to 3 million
subscribers so let's get there other
than that my god I love you all love you
XO XO and we're never ever find the
right words there's no way this is real
lies
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
