let me update you guys
currently I know it's weird I'm wearing
my Phoenix Suns basketball shirt while
I'm watching a Chargers game but
currently charges are up by to 22 to 20
there's six about six and a half minutes
left in the fourth quarter Colts are
punting so it's a bottle B chargers ball
again they're up 22 to 20 they should
have been 23 to 20 but they actually
missed an extra point and to another
Cromartie of the Colts he blocked the
extra point well there's so many fans
outside right now I swear I don't know
why I thinks all the times on weekends
it's because all the kids that watch our
videos are out of school anyways and so
under Cromartie tip the charges extra
points so we missed the exit point it
should have been 23 to 20 if that exit
point comes back to haunt us at the end
of the game I'm gonna be pissed
but anyways 22 to 20 charges ball 6
minutes and 40 seconds left let's see if
they can get a touchdown put this game
away field goal doesn't do much it's
still one possession game but a
touchdown makes it a two possession game
we need a touchdown because you know how
I always talk about the Chargers injury
bug and how the Chargers are literally
cursed and they have bad luck with
injuries so let me just recap the liquid
because there was more today of course
I'm not even surprised anymore so right
before the season started I've said this
story many times I met Stevie Johnson
the San Diego Chargers wide receiver I
meant about the barbershop very next day
season-ending injury he's out for whole
season week number one the season had
just started two quarters haven't even
been played in the first half Keenan
Allen season-ending injury he's our best
without our BES receiver done week
number two Danny Woodhead crucial part
of our offense season-ending injury done
their way three pieces of our offense
down three weeks in a row Stevie Johnson
to Keenan Allen to Danny Woodhead all
down all season-ending injuries and then
today week three and two enoguh hurts
himself in practice out today I don't
think his is too serious he's only out
today
gelila died actually underwent surgery
last week so he's out six weeks
defensive player Joey Bosa our
first-round pick number three overall
third pick in the draft
still hasn't played a single game yet
because of his injury just today
manti te'o goes down gets taken to the
back and he has
turned his injury looks bad Jason Perez
actually on the sidelines right now so
oh my gosh I don't know it's just crazy
you have been and Oliver was already out
what's his name
King Dunlap didn't play today so you
have king Dunlap Antonio Gates manti
te'o
fucking Jason Greg dollar that's just
today and then season-ending you have
Danny Woodhead Brandon Oliver Keenan
Allen Stevie Johnson Jalil Addai just
underwent surgery so he's gonna be out
for half the season
I don't know anyways third and six right
now Chargers ball if they fucking three
and L right when they got the ball back
and be pissed right when I said they
needed a score they're gonna go three
and out okay third and six route yes
first oh there's a close one first down
I think they're gonna give him the first
watch close yeah he got it to make
matters worse the Broncos chiefs and
raiders all won today already all three
teams in the charges divisions already
picked up victory so the Chargers need
this swing they can't fall behind guys
right after this game ends I'm actually
about to pick up I'm gonna go see if
they have the iPhone 7 in stock I'm not
sure because everybody bought into the
hype as soon as iPhone 7 came out
everybody raised to go get it so I don't
know if they have any in stock if not I
think I'm just gonna pick up the iPhone
6s because to me you know I'm not really
into oh I need the newest technology I
need the newest gadget to me it doesn't
matter honestly whether if they have the
seven stock I'll pick it up I don't even
need the seven plus if they don't I'll
get the 6s no problem I still have the
iPhone 6 so honestly to me anything is
an upgrade I'm not really into the hole
or I need the newest thing or else I
hate it no whatever as long as it's an
upgrade from my phone it doesn't matter
to me I guess you could say I'm old
school I rather spend my money on you
know things that could help me like you
know more important things that could
help me in the future and you know help
me live longer and things out a more
important to me and my family like like
Phoenix Suns Jersey there Phoenix Suns
tickets than just a phone you know Oh
Melvin Gordon guys Melvin Gordon had
zero rushing touchdowns all year last
year now he already has four in the
first three games improved I like it
someone's knocking out the door I think
he wants to watch the game
hey Bosley games on what you tried
dingdong date you're gonna knock on my
door and then turn the other way and not
come in III third down again
I think it's third and two third and
three third and three I knew it stop
calling stop I need to disconnect the
phone calls Jesus Carson Wentz killed
the Steelers I need to deactivate the
phone from connecting to the TV we
already unhooked our phone cuz of all
the fans calling about we need to
disconnect it from the TV can the
Chargers just land so I can go pick up
my new phone comfortably guys instead of
going to Verizon right here to pick up
my new phone I'm gonna go to the mall
Verizon because is that way I can meet a
lot of you guys a lot of fans always are
at the mall to meet me cuz I go there
all the time so if I just go to Verizon
down the street yeah I'll get my new
phone but I'd rather drive a little bit
farther to the mall and I can meet you
guys while also getting my new phone for
you guys okay third down she's not the
bull fucking that shit so we're giving
the ball back to the Colts okay so the
Colts have the ball back down two with
two and a half minutes left
fuck the charges can at least score a
field goal there I knew that fucking
extra point that we missed or that was
tipped it's gonna fucking come back to
haunt us at the end I swear to that
she's gonna come back and haunt us I
swear we've held Angela to zero
touchdowns all day pull em throw one
right now on this Drive Alvarez back in
the game Wow we got an injured player
back in how well you guys can see me in
the TV okay third and seven if you come
over close to a three and I'll get the
ball back with two minutes left
brilliant guys I cannot I am NOT ready
for NBA season I can only imagine if I'm
getting
this stress over football could you
imagine one of us fucking Phoenix on
season starts it is not going to be good
I'm literally gonna oh my god if
football is causing me this much like
heebie-jeebies then I can only imagine
Suns in case you didn't know I care
about the sun's 300 million times more
than I care about the Chargers yes he
dropped it yes yeah that was the first
down he should have caught it
you should have jacked off before the
game he would have caught it and shit
the motherfuckers are going for it
fourth down and backed up in their own
territory
they got balls okay and they got the
fucking first down the charges defense
sucks ass
the Chargers defense they don't yes they
suck ass and they don't get any heads
themselves okay Alys yeah Vinatieri
might as well practice field goals cuz
you're gonna kick one to end our fucking
game today oh my god defense is fucking
trash
keep on practicing those field goals
Vince here cuz you're you're kicking
want to end the game today another
charger player down that's Brandon
Flowers Jesus Christ the injury bug push
me yup
wide charges they're gonna lose that
damn Brandon Flowers is still down
fucking answer mate in my room I swear
you have the nerve to come into my room
dumbass
come on the freakin mall gonna close by
the time I go can the charges defense I
know this is like unheard of as a San
Diego Chargers fan but do you think the
charges defense can maybe make us stop
and get the ball back I don't know I
don't think that's ever happened before
in San Diego charges history but God
the Chargers fucking suck I swear to God
just end the NFL season right now we
fucking suck dick
we fucking suck Los Angeles needs to
take the Chargers out of San Diego I
swear I don't care at least open what
Raiders could beat the Tennessee Titans
we can't even beat the cult or Owen - oh
shit I touched on the end fuck me
okay so Chargers ball two timeouts a
minute 15 down by four honestly though I
gotta tip my hat that I'm not wearing
but I gotta tip my fucking hair too - I
helped him because he's fucking he's
eight the charges defense of this whole
game he's killed the charges deep from
first quarter to 14 I think he has
almost 200 yards receiving he's played
great if that means anything
okay I just tweeted - Phillip well he
doesn't have a Twitter but I tweeted
about him I said please Phil oh oh my
god the gain of two gain of three Wow
yeah thank God I'm so glad cuz gained
two or three yards on the past uh-huh oh
it was gain of four oh wow my bad oh my
god four yard game now fucking do
something
what another flag a false start I think
these are season highs for penalties we
have 10 or 11 penalties today again no
gates no Woodhead no Keenan Allen no
gelila done no Kingdom ah no Joey Bosa
no manti te'o
no Brandon Oliver no Stevie Johnson
fucking done
we fucking caught the ball got the first
down then got the fucking ball punched
out of fucking bullshit watch this first
down
fuck and guess who that is Antonio Gates
replace me and that's when you may say
Antonio Gates charges fucking lose and
the rest of rivers some bullshit on
sports when iconic call for you know
earlier time keeps on going Chargers
call timeout oh wait we automatically
lost the timeout why because we had an
injured player on the field so time I
automatically assess Oh what do you know
an injured player cost us a timeout guys
there were players who were literally
halfway in the locker room look the
stands are empty they called everybody
back because look zero seconds left the
Chargers get one more play cuz I guess
the Colts illegally touched the ball
after the time right now as the time
expired the game was already over
everybody already shook hands everybody
left and they called some players back
from the locker room because the
Chargers get one more down because of
the close penalty nobody saw the flag
nobody heard the refs why does god tease
me watch I was about to leave I was out
to go get my new phone then I hear this
why does God choose me for one last play
that nothing is even gonna happen for
why couldn't let's just let the game end
it was crazy they Chargers fumble I
fucking told you why would you even give
me one last hole I'm fucking done ah
what a beautiful Monday morning guys I
just woke up to the news that now manti
te'o is out for the whole season so we
got manti te'o season-ending injury
Danny Woodhead
Keenan Allen Stevie Johnson Brandon
Oliver all season-ending injuries you
got gelila die I will this surgery Joey
Bosa our number three pick still hasn't
played a single game oh yeah great you
saw manti te'o get off the field
yesterday and i wake up to the news that
torn Achilles and he's out all year
God don't get me wrong when I go on my
rages in my rant I still love my
Chargers I live in San Diego that's my
home team
I've been watching the charges for years
and years and years me and my dad used
to actually have season tickets and we
would go to every single Chargers game
but when you
this is ridiculous why can't honestly
I'd rather have the Chargers lose when
they lose I'd rather have them moves by
50 points or 75 points I hate these
clothes losses every loss for the past
two or three years is all the Chargers
lose by field-goal they lose by a
touchdown the other team hits a
game-winning drive I hate that shit that
gets me way more mad I'd rather just
have the Chargers lose by fucking 100
points I wouldn't care but these close
losses killed me and also the injuries
kill me so I get so mad when I watch the
games obviously it's all in the heat of
the moment until the next Chargers game
NBA season please come faster please
preseason starts in about a week I'm
hyped I can't wait ah sports fans know
nothing can make you happier than your
own sports team and flip it around
nothing can make you madder than your
own sports team the Chargers and the
Phoenix Suns are a perfect example of
that
only us sports fans will understand
