God's right after this game ends I'm
actually about to pick up I'm gonna go
see if they have the iPhone 7 in stock
I'm not sure because everybody bought
into the hype as soon as the iPhone 7
came out everybody raced to go get it so
I don't know if they have any in stock
if not I think I'm just gonna pick up
the iPhone 6s because to me you know I'm
not really into oh I need the newest
technology I need the newest gadget to
me it doesn't matter honestly whether if
they have the seventh stock I'll pick it
up I don't even need the seven plus if
they don't I'll get the 6s no problem I
still have the iPhone 6 so honestly to
me anything is an upgrade I'm not really
into the whole oh I need the newest
thing or else I hate it no whatever as
long as it's an update from my phone and
doesn't matter to me I guess you could
say I'm old school I rather spend my
money on you know things that could help
me like you know more important things
that could help me in the future and you
know help me live longer and things on a
more important to me and my family like
like Phoenix Suns jerseys or Phoenix
Suns tickets than just a phone you know
third and three you can the charges just
link so I can go pick up my new phone
comfortably God instead of going to
Verizon right here to pick up my new
phone I'm gonna go to the mall Verizon
because is that way I can meet a lot of
you guys a lot of fans always are at the
mall to meet me cuz I go there all the
time so if I just go to Verizon down the
street yeah I'll get my new phone but
I'd rather drive a little bit farther to
the mall and I can meet you guys while
also getting my new phone for you guys
okay third down she's not the bull
fucking ants invaded my room I swear
you have the nerve to come in my room
you can't even beat the cult or Owen to
bullshit I test on the end fuck me do
you think the charges defense can maybe
make us stop and get the ball back I
don't know I don't think that's ever
happened before in San Diego charges
history but God
the Chargers fucking suck I swear to God
just end the NFL season right now we
fucking suck dick we fucking suck with
you on the garage
he's known the garage let's go this time
guys
so I actually came to the mall and I met
a ton of fans I'd say like 12 or 13 fans
in a span of like one hour shoutout to
all you guys who came through without
even knowing I was here I didn't tweet
it i didn't snap chatted or anything but
there's one thing one thing wrong I know
I didn't get a new phone I came here
look what I got okay
guess what's in the bags I got to Philly
cheesesteaks one for me one for my
girlfriend I got the hot potato corner
fries I got two slices of pizza sushi
and now I'm going home with no phone I
changed my mind I just came here and I
was like you know what I don't need a
phone I said yeah I want a phone but
honestly wait oshi I came out of the
wrong damn it when I came out of the
wrong exit wait with a my okay hold on
guys I remember I parked next to
Cheesecake Factory just so I can say I
parked next to why you gotta fight with
me a cheesecake shoutout Drizzy Drake
I'm gonna be seeing him in a couple days
this Thursday but anyways yeah we're in
a park so I came to the mall prepared to
buy a brand new phone whether that was
an iPhone 7 or even iPhone 6s and I left
with no phone but with sushi two slices
of pizza
Philly cheese steak and french fries so
I guess that's better than a phone
honestly that's a success I don't know
why fucking bar
because who else do you know that goes
to the mall to buy a brand new iPhone
possibly the iPhone 7 that was my plan
and comes back with sushi pizza the
Philly cheese steak and french fries who
else do you know other than bruh wadis
that would go to the mall to buy a brand
new phone and come back with a bunch of
food and just leave but no I met a bunch
of fans so honestly that was that was I
told you guys I was the reason I went to
the mall I was so happy guys look how
fake I am i had my editing program ready
i was just about to start editing look
at the time about 10:45 a.m. i haven't
tweeted because i wanted to play
basketball really bad and i haven't
tweeted i was like fuck i'm i'm itching
to play basketball i want to play really
bad but i need to get this video up for
you guys that's what i tweeted just like
10 minutes ago right and you know people
were replying like bro you do enough for
us you upload every day just go play
basketball if you really want to and I
was replying I was saying no I want to
play basketball but I promised myself
I'll get this video done so I'm getting
this video done for you guys literally
five minutes later I throw on my
basketball shoes let's just say today it
might be a little bit of a light upload
guys my basketball temptations got the
best of me I swear I planned on I
planned on not playing basketball today
because I got my game tomorrow hey babe
I'm not recording you don't worry she
has the stank morning breath and it goes
through the camera sister for me to
record what can I just record your shirt
that's it your shirt the back of it the
back let's sew oh you stepped on my lace
babe wait what in my tweets a literally
like five minutes ago
yeah and five minutes later so you'll
still get a video it's just gonna be a
little bit late I'm sorry guys
no I'm not I record the lighting is
better the lighting is better this way
yes guys so I'm actually on the way to
the gym I'm fake I know it's so hot so
yeah guys I'll be back soon to finish my
video and you guys will get a video for
the day just a little late
guys I'm I just get so tempted to play I
swear like I'm sitting in my room and
I'm actually like I'm having a death so
raven vision where i'm actually
imagining people are playing and it's
like really good competition and i start
itching like a drug and i'm like okay
fine I need to go think serious guys
look at the difference between me and
Jackie stain of Dyer right now so look I
just pulled up to the gym
the difference is whereas I had to stop
before my ass cheeks blade
pick me up some food because my diet is
I'm trying to eat a whole bunch right
now so we're on opposite sides we got
kind of opposite goals right now for the
two of us holy crap look at the
temperature wait guys my hand is shaking
so bad because of my hand shaking so
back of the paper cut look I can't look
oh my god this shit where is it it's
right here I played some basketball then
I decided to lift a little so my video
is gonna be extremely late but it's time
go get this video done I'm high I just
made my haircut appointment for tomorrow
so I'll be here can appointment Tuesday
and that's what my first basketball game
is cuz if you don't remember last week
my basketball game got canceled because
the courts were flooded haircut
appointment tomorrow first game tomorrow
and I got class tomorrow thank you guys
so much for watching this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed there are so much
for watching this video
Oh Rosie my name is Brandon and I do the
outro and say my vlog is over eight
seven minutes before the video is
actually over huh boy what are you
talking about this vlog isn't even close
to being over all right let's keep on
watching dad why the Hat Oh someone sent
it to you I got KFC for me and my dad
look I brought Killa boxes introducing
the hottest shark
hold on Bosley don't interrupt it the
hottest shark in the ocean today all the
male sharks tried to mate with her and
she plays hard-to-get
it is me the sexiest shark in the ocean
look at that keep walking Bosley Bosley
Bosley my dad the fisherman you have to
catch her wait can you bite me guys the
Sharks coming guys the sharks coming hey
how do you swim wait how do you swim
you guys I look so scrawny in this I
need to get a smaller size that's the
next thing I'm ordering cuz this doesn't
shrink in the dryer obviously it's not
kind anyways
so when did I hit a million subs last
month about a month and a half ago guess
we'll finally show that way first of all
I hit a hundred K months and months and
months ago and I still haven't received
my 100k plaque there was some like
mistake with so YouTube told me I had to
like email them and I spoke with like
teen youtube services or whatever so
that's on the way that's in the mail
100k plaque I still haven't gotten it
I'm at almost 1.1 million subs and I
still haven't got my 100k plaque but
anyways that's coming in the mail but
just today look what I just saw claim
your reward Congrats on reaching 1
million subscribers you've earned a
special prize so today I get to claim
Ryan like now I could claim it
what do you win guys look at Bryan's
thing I actually like that bathing it ok
so you like it yeah I like it thanks
wait did you do it oh wait I forgot the
copy and paste the code no I forgot the
copy and paste the fucking code oh it's
right here ok guys so it says my 100k
plaque was shipped on August 11th so
like a month and a half ago I should be
here any day it takes yeah and so now
I'm claiming my 1 mil plaque so that's
gonna be here in a couple months
finally where's he gonna go up where
should I put it Ryan
no there's no replacing the Steve Nash
hold on I got the call hold on everyone
what was that
come take ballsy to the garage he's
being bad god that's my only chore in
this household just to take balls into
the garage when he's bad he's not
letting my mom eat
he keeps scratching her legs right ok
you know where you're going no no I'll
take him hey Bosley you want to go in
the garage look he knows where I can't
get him mom watch out hey why are you
bothering my mom she gave birth to me
garage that's it no you want to go in
the garage that's it ah he's faking an
injury he's faking the injury we're
going in the garage in the garage
no buzz Li why'd you suck oh my god he
goes back in the kitchen I'm over I
can't catch him and he's lowering my
self-esteem cuz he's fat garage guys
yeah Bosley's ruining my self-esteem I
go to the gym everyday he's 10 times
fatter than me and I still can't catch
him to put him in the garage okay so my
100k clock which should be here soon I
say maybe just put it like somewhere
here but my no my 100 K my 1 mil where
should my 1 mil go guys I'm not cocky my
ego is not huge a fan drew that for me I
didn't draw myself and hang it up myself
it's from Daniel wait wait should I put
it right here no I need to
I'm saying take these out because what
they are signed by the Phoenix Suns
anyways guys yes YouTube finally guys
you know after I hit 100k I had to wait
six months not to get my plaque look I
still haven't got my plaque I had to
wait six months just to claim it and I
wasn't even able to claim I had to talk
to YouTube services and then they
finally sent it so finally getting my 1
mil plaque I'm hi guys
fuck Bosley he puts me to shame how much
does balls away like 350 he weighs like
350 tons not pounds and I can't catch
him in he makes me sweat while he just
laughs he's like and I'm like why you
got a fight with me cheese cake No why
you gonna follow me Bosley just be your
own person no Meah forward God so I'm
here right now to actually close out my
video and not to say I'm gonna cry this
literally what I do every video I say
alright guys thanks for watching and I
like to end the video and there's still
like five minutes left but anyways guys
you heard correctly today is a double
upload day this is video number one you
saw the preview of the next video bran
the next video is a reaction to the
Chargers laws you may not even see the
end the end was fucking watch the
highlight ya know so guys that video is
going up later today but anyways for
today in case oh yeah guys look um hat a
fan made Brian it's actually so sick
your logo
hey jug and then the bottom the face
like guys P o box opening video coming
soon on my channel but anyway let me
tell you my schedule okay Brian so today
actually my first game
there's no flood no freaking puddles on
the court today's actually our first
game are you recording yeah I'm gonna
have I'm gonna have some parts of the
game so guys if you didn't pay attention
to one of my videos last week I said
random dude pick me up on his team he
randomly came up to me and he's like hey
so I've seen you play over here at the
gym and we need more darts on the team
so I don't know this dude I don't know
anybody on the team I don't know the
league we're playing in I don't know the
division I have no idea
how the competition is I'm Nydia so
we're gonna find out everything today
I'm excited
I'm ready Brian are we winning I guess
am i winning I don't know what the team
is but are we winning our first game I
think so cuz you're on the team just
kidding you guys are so bad okay so no I
need your prediction winter loss win
five if I get this right what why good
to meet drape and more clearly okay I
see you guys are gonna win by eight win
by eight how many points am i gonna
score remember there's a new team I
don't know anything what am i predict
this just go I'll scrub us on purpose
you say I say gonna score twelve twelve
points race game not bad twelve points
three rebounds four assists that's not
bad okay so Brian says we're gonna win
by eight I'm gonna hit 12 points yeah
guys I'm actually I don't want to say
nervous but I'm just anxious to see cuz
usually when I play in a league or when
I play basketball I know my team I make
my team this is the first time that I'm
gonna play you know usually I'm the
leader of the team you know I asked the
team I pick my team I asked which
teammates I want to play and you know I
step on the court like I know everybody
on my side I know all my teammates I've
played with them before this is gonna be
the first time where I'm stepping I'm
stepping out of my circle I'm stepping
out of my comfort zone I'm stepping into
a new environment on the court I have no
idea who were playing against nor do I
have any idea who my teammates are but
I'm up for the challenge okay guys I
promise you a winning season we play ten
games and I want to make the playoffs
I'm gonna make the playoffs I don't want
to I'm going to make the playoffs
we'll see how this goes it's a little a
little bit of a comfort test I'm not the
most comfortable playing people I don't
know but I love basketball so i'ma make
the most of it no I'm excited I'm really
excited I can't wait to play and I want
to win really bad because you guys don't
know me I don't like to lose when it
comes to basketball so I'm excited
anxious to see it and
hopefully the team is cool I don't know
we're gonna find out doings right now
it's time to go to class actually just
put the Jersey on just like that you got
a class
no middle we're sure yeah guys I have
class and then a haircut appointment
after class and I gotta look for the
game and then after that I'm gonna go to
the gym to play some lunchtime
basketball because my game isn't until
later tonight I still have hours before
my game and I'm still young so I'm gonna
play some pickup basketball and then I'm
gonna go to my game later tonight I hope
you guys enjoyed this video this time
for real for what is I'm now hopefully
we win our game cuz like I said I do not
like to lose when it comes to basketball
and we'll see how this division is we'll
see the competition and we'll see my
teammates no guys we're here with the
good wait we're matching first of all
guys we're here with the girlfriend who
doesn't let me go to the gym before my
game why why not why
