God Jackie told me I had to change the
trash in my room because she changed the
one in the bathroom and I said only if
I'm a lot to pick her I pick the trash
bag from so now I have to put it please
no she wants to be like the couples that
do the face masks together wait how is
that a mask yes I don't think I'm gonna
use the one you brought me cuz she
brought me a mouse but I think I'm gonna
let her wait what is this mask for it
just cleans your pores oh yeah but what
exactly does it do yes guys she's gonna
look like the mask you know the movie
guys it's literally like a the scream
mask you know the one like this oh my
god you're literally the mat you're the
mask the movie do you know that movie
the green mask
you actually look like him oh I'm good
at this your nose it's too fat for it my
nose is too long yours is too fat
together we make super nose now that
looks familiar
oh my gosh you look like a mind Oh since
your mom you can't talk to me for the
rest of the day no a mine doesn't talk
to hope oh man I only get five minutes
of freedom it's more than fun
it's 15 minutes yeah yeah it is I swear
to God 15 to 20 minutes
okay come scare my family the timer has
started the aloe vera mask they come
make friends with Bosley Bosley
someone's coming
what's in the trash look there's a piece
of steak in the trash that's why we got
buzz guys there's one mom let me see the
picture of Bosley look his head was
literally in the trash from one piece of
steak
wait go next to Bob Bosley stop being
such a fat-ass go on the couch go Bosley
so fat he's trying to find the damn
stage Oh Bosley don't kiss her
hey look his tails wagging too he thinks
you're a husky the white ones they look
at me and look at me when you take a sit
mmm that turns me on
I'm just joking or em guys it's time I
know it is kinky it's time for me to
take the mask off wait
I wanted it to take like the girl from
Twitter and you do fuck for you guys
guess who just follow me on Twitter you
hold on we'll take it step by step
guess we just followed me babe tell them
Applebee's follow me on Twitter and then
this dude hold up let me get his name
I'll save him the vlog and we're in the
dead Anthony Rosario he tweeted to me or
he tweeted to Applebee's saying you guys
should sponsor bro waters he puts
Applebee's on his vlogs he got me going
there now and it's a regular thing for
me and you know what Applebee's replied
after they follow me they said we just
subscribed and spied some car site to go
on the latest video thanks Jackie
so they actually look my last video was
like 20 23 minutes I don't know how long
and
in one part there was like a 10 second
part where Jackie brought me Applebee's
so they actually watched they said they
subscribed and they watch the video and
they knew her name so that's proof they
watch the video so Applebee's is my
guess my newest subscriber so shout out
Applebee's and shout out Anthony
Applebee's is a date see consistency is
key me and Jackie have been going to
Applebee's literally like two times a
week or three times a week for months
and I got that follow on Twitter and
subscribe on YouTube and they said they
watched my videos which is pretty dope
even though the food tastes like shit I
love Ethel B's to 420 we love that to
420 guys listen it's I've already told
you the scale we love to we love
Applebee's because it's like a skill
when Jackie's bad to me I say babe you
got to do for the two 420 you know like
and I use it together to be good to me
cuz when she's about to out me I say
uh-uh don't you want to order off the to
425 and then she doesn't yell at me
or if I want something in return like
you know uh babe can you buy me new
basketball shoes and she says no and I
say come on don't try to order off the
regular menu and off the to 420 and then
she said okay fine I'll buy the
basketball shoes cuz I use the two 420
as a scale would you not to leave I'm on
it
bye guys where are we going
guys we are going to Applebee's again
we're already discussing what are we
discussing baby your head is so round
yes Humpty Dumpty egg yes yes
hey Boswell guys we are going to
Applebee's and we're already discussing
what we want to order this time Jackie's
gonna get this steak you're not healthy
we just ate no we ate Jamba Juice you a
Doritos
we ate I just went on their help mashed
potatoes not one to you said okay flex
your triceps
okay flex your biceps and now your
triceps no triceps what do we have do
tomorrow no in school you worked out one
time hi guys today I today we went to
the gym together and instead of playing
bass well I actually taught her like how
to work out a little bit and that's all
she's talked about I'm over taught this
and that and she keeps talking about
eating healthy and all that joke's on
her the person teaching her how to
workout is literally fucking 140 pounds
only girl curls 20 pounds dumbbells from
my biceps joke's on you but we need to
go to Apple design to come home and edit
my video I need to study - hey Boswell
Applebee's the newest person you're
following is right here in the
restaurant
shout out to Applebee's for following me
on Twitter you guys real
we love that bogeys guys you realize I
let Jackie order off the regular menu
imagine what she must have done before
this to be able to order off the regular
menu and not the two for 20 we went not
only should have to order from the two
for 20 she didn't even have to order
from the two for 25 we went straight
into the regular menu how hyped are you
a million Applebee's dates later and
she's picking off the regular menu we're
taking steps of steps up the ladders
guys so since Jackie said she was gonna
start to eat healthy
that means drinking healthy - you can't
say I'm gonna eat healthy and then have
a soda on the side so she said no she
said I won't get any sodas and when the
guy came she ordered a fucking lemonade
like the Tropicana lemonade yeah and I
said babe no that's equally as bad as a
soda so instead of so then she took it
off she's like okay instead of a
lemonade can I just get water with lemon
slices so she went from
Tropicana lemonade - water with two
slices of lemon babe that is literally
you without makeup right there may be
the Friday on the food we decided to
play games
wait it's one dollar for one or two dogs
for unlimited I'm getting elimination oh
wait it's not eliminate forever the
sliders is like almost is it too late to
change it no okay can I just get the
chicken or the cheeseburger egg rolls
and say thank you hopefully this is
unlimited forever and not just for today
like let's play why is there a carrot
slice online okay what game should be
played for trivia
playing all day better have sports are
lost who us sports I'm gonna beat you
home the MLS team from Columbus is
called what why I don't know freakin
soccer oh I got a right Oscar Gutierrez
is the name of oh shit
which NFL team did Walter Payton earth
how many Grand Slam tanning singles
titles I don't know this shit 3 fuck 12
one none or the name of the dish fuck
I'm with my favorite thing to do but
what nationality was a golfer Gary the
snail
which mere giant star
which is the oldest ball game is
American football I don't know what that
means babe
look what you do I want MBA question
wait guys I'm heated I'm gonna sue
Applebee's there's literally no NBA
questions in u.s. sports there's NBA not
a u.s. sport like gimme who is the
greatest basketball player of all time
Devin Booker I don't see that question
celebrities with celebrity chef faced
claims of racial fool Paula Deen no it's
deep guys we chose music category so we
can study for a test tomorrow even
though this has nothing to do with what
we learned in class guys you know what I
ordered for the first time ever
cheeseburger egg rolls how do you think
that's gonna taste
that's our prediction we'll see when
they're shooting my turn
know what we know you played three games
in a row which category they a steak
with loaded mashed potatoes isn't it
okay
oh I'll do animals who is the fattest
and lazes doll on earth boswell they
don't have that questions giraffes like
to eat leaves
felis what the fuck is on how many hours
is a domestic cat spenceley being 10:18
Jesus lines you lazy as fuck Moby Dick
is about a whale Paris Hilton has a
hobby of hunting which animal
Frog faithful to the antennas lie on
what sort of animal is a thrust of
thrush I'm just kidding
most reptiles are done they lay eggs
what is the average life expectancy of a
sheep 15 years damn so I'd be already
dead once if I was a sheep while no
questions of bosley racist guys we're
doing a couples quiz like cheese player
- don't look at player ones answers
don't look I'm answering this what best
describe your attitude in the morning oh
this was birth where's stink breath look
you cheated no we're not playing anymore
we're not actually your Tom Brady
cheaters okay guys now we answer each
other
I say yours is what oh five more minutes
yeah okay which one's mine
yeah you're right damn it you're gonna
be okay the last one of this list which
was player two six oh you you would
probably say for me is my sense of humor
wow you're just trying to save that's
how you put all of the above oh that's
for you I guess for you know Oh movies
guys instead of showing you the rest we
should just do a whole video on this at
home a couple's quiz that's gonna be
recorded and uploaded soon you won the
first one I don't know when but soon
okay so I don't know I don't know
honestly that's my answer I don't know
I'm just thinking about it how much
would you like a look cheeseburger
look is this my magic wand the celery or
my conductor maybe we could study for
our music class tomorrow like this look
guys cheeseburger and mozzarella sticks
weeds
you
guys so we we decided to come to the
mall and the first thing we get
why I don't know
huh
we're literally always we always
complain from how hot they are and
that's the Oh hold on guys we have a fan
right here by the way Kevin say what's
up Kevin
we're about to talk to his brother was
your brother's name Gary Eric
oh my god Sophie
where you at we just met your brother
I'm just joking dude thank you for
watching my videos thank you thank you
yeah guys so for whatever reason we
still keep eating them so babe
they're literally so spicy not even like
hot they burn like your lives they burn
your lips and tongue so bad that you
just see the picture of me
well if watch look he's literally behind
the whole blood you see new if you know
me just ask for a picture I don't buy I
hate when people secretly record me or
secretly take a picture of me like he's
literally hiding behind look he's hiding
right there take me in took a picture of
me eating just come up and I'll take a
picture with you we can talk I love
meeting fans I love talking to them like
you just saw I just called someone's
brother cuz he told me he was a fan too
there's no need to hide behind the table
and secretly take pictures of me while
I'm eating there's no need for that okay
guys so I wanted to do something for the
vlog if you're a real one you would do
this
okay so there's not many fries left but
there's a whole lot of spice okay
there's a whole babe why come on look
guys okay guys look no babe you three
since you want Jamba Juice will get
Jamba Juice
there's no careful it tastes good I am
what I eat I'm a pussy that's what I am
yeah I know guys every time I come to
this mall I want potato corner okay I
got there playing Drake at this mall
this male I want potato corner which I
got but let me tell you what I want that
we didn't get sweet factory miss Fields
cookie Sbarro Pizza Sark ooh Japan
Chinese food Jamba Juice what else did I
miss something Oh guys I want all those
things but the mall closes in less than
20 minutes so I need to hurry up yo guys
if you miss yesterday's video you
definitely want to check it out so so
you know I woke up yesterday and I'm
like you know they I watch my brother's
channel there hasn't really been any
Call of Duty videos recently so I woke
up and I'm like someone in this
households got a play call duty so I
picked up the controller and I made a
call Duty video so if you missed that it
was actually no it wasn't even funny I
was so fucking mad I got so mad I always
end up getting pissed when I play call
of duty and that's why I never played
but you could check it out the links in
the description below was my video from
yesterday so if you miss phase roll call
of duty videos there's a call Duty video
up on my channel watching some football
Sunday morning I'm about to flip to
watch World War 3 aka Josh Norman Buress
Odell World War 3 but now I don't even
know if I have the channel honestly but
anyways guys I love you guys and thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed
