bring the Michael Saunders morning yeah
well why do I need to mind what do I
need to mind for though talking to it
like it's yo ho yo ho a pirate's life
for me
no that's from from Disney yeah we try
pants on okay yeah okay guys so Brian's
what are they called turtle beach's
Astros Astros broke so we have to use
the headphones where are you watching me
uh uh too much pressure that's like
LeBron watching Ben Simmons in his first
game oh okay guys so Brandon here aka
bruh wadis and today but I can't do this
you don't have to use that pose I'm
gonna be doing something a little bit
different so usually it is fun where are
you Oh usually it's my brother who's in
this chair playing call of duty people
I don't know supposed to but today we're
switching it up I'm gonna be phase rug
and we're going well free phone I'll
have to create a class first I say just
full-on snipe snipe oh okay fine uh tell
me a good sniper class on all snipe
intervention not bear point fifty
actually beards good to know that's for
pussies I need intervention with uh
here just tell me though okay
intervention with what attachment mmm
I'll go fret from j FM journey and one
ball yeah and what about secondary spaz
spaz what is mmm grip grip in subtle
ways but way back when what mitt Oh
semtex I could stick the fucking bitches
perk one percocet uh I don't know brah
what do I do for perk one for a sniper
uh fuck you all righty
I say a side of him sobbing Power
Commander okay guys we ready so oh god
the fire started I just want to say in
case you notice I am wearing my new
apparel which is on
l the link is going to be in the
description right below look at this
Bosley's first shirt bosses for a set of
apparel so if you guys are interested in
making this purchase
I actually t-shirts I think our 22 or 23
dollars we also have the baseball
long-sleeve where there they're like
half sleeve so they come down to here I
think those go for like 29 bucks for
women for you girls out there we got a
flowy crop top I think I don't know Jack
your tummy you could wear off shoulder
or like hang the shoulder off like this
you know the girls they go like this
more thing or this is the best yield the
hoodie started at $55 you know how to
speak with the mouths like yo we can't
do this to the broad squad 55 bucks no
way so I talked the hoodie price down
from 55 dollars to 35 dollars so you can
get hoodies on sale for $35 of this
right here so if you want to support
Bosley aka the fattest and laziest dog
on the internet link is in the
description below
okay bran I'm about to join a
free-for-all let's do it guys i would
put not under pass it's probably gonna
start from the middle you already vote
to skip guys I used to play call duty
back in my day how many nukes out I gone
like eight US team
oh that's a good snapping I wish I could
find the paper for my I used to write
down all the maps that I got nukes on me
and Brian used to play modern warfare 2
high rise what alright good snapping
maverick yeah I'll play I'll play it the
time are you gonna teach me about
coloring you know what one comment I get
on all my videos no matter what do I
make the best video on YouTube when you
run out of video idea
listen Faye's rug here listen no joke I
swear
Brendan they can't even hear you he said
something yo ho yo you oh yeah guys
Bosley actually says thank you for all
the support guys you know actually got a
shirt for Bosley like a small one we've
man are you gonna do it wait mine is the
oh my god the thing is too fast
since I added a good a medium I'm sure
you medium
we're actually snagging you told me to
and you're literally not gonna get one
kill all right you shoot oh my god when
I was playing a stage Jeff in lab one
you're gonna embarrass me in front of my
fans wait I don't have to order well you
didn't use the people who's gonna show
up or oh really because no lie oh my god
did that kill then the next time I got
on the headlights working that just in
case it like it's louder than me talking
you guys you know that sound my god if
you get a kill Oh what I got walk-in Oh
actually gonna fucking kill a sniper
better than me watch this dumbass come
here Gilly it seems I'm coming from
behind why do I have an I jump off and I
don't die hard still fat all right leave
a shower
good luck I'm gonna need it wait I want
Brian you didn't let me make a scar-h
class mmm oh my god you're trash guys I
lied under some range yeah this is just
a prank if I don't get top three do not
have a score age fuck I love scar-h
okay I'm using um what else would you
choose class huh
I'm 45mm quickscope
yeah what the fuck is your wagon noscope
o brien dos noscope hey hey the guy just
killed me here
guys I actually used to play model
actually used to play I used to play
Modern Warfare 2 so much when I was
younger like I actually got eight nukes
there camper bitch I've actually gone
eight nukes in my life I'm so stiff
god I was watching a old son's game
earlier today where the hell's the
camera all right there hey guys I was
watching an old son's game earlier today
son's words Bulls from last year Jimmy
Butler fuck oh shit there's a planes in
the sky halo that you need a 9 kill
streak for that I know that I should
just join fav myself honestly yeah guys
thought about it just upload a vlog
today but I was like I mean someone in
the house gotta play called doo-deen yes
killed an enemy after I died someone in
the house gotta fucking take off duty is
having me Brian so I'm Oh are these
fucking faith members I mean are they so
good as did I stick whoo-ahh
body killed the other guy
oh shit Magnum that's my favorite brand
when I actually used to use condoms on
TMI guys god I love this shirt yesterday
I wore the hoodie today I'm wearing the
t-shirt like the fact that it's lagging
the papal Swinton fuck the fact that
they actually printed Bosley's actual
face like they could have actually just
brought it's lagging this doesn't count
the fact that they could have just got a
pug off the internet gun well why is it
lagging it just hacked of course this
yeah I'm trying to make a video yeah
guys they could have just picked a
random pug off the internet but the fact
that they asked me to send them pictures
of Bosley and they actually made it his
face and yeah I ordered a customer for
Bosley I had to finish a whole bag of
treats for him just to get him to let me
put his shirt on I finished the whole
bag of treats you ah dumb fuck Oh a CR I
remember that one bling and I know end
up do nothing at all fuck you cheater
use a sniper you dumbass I wanted the
ACR you need to be on like a miracle
romance headshot come shop oh I'm losing
so bad it's like I'm the son me and mom
magically black out a rivalry
I've killed him like I'm gonna lose so
bad guys don't tell bond but I'm not
play another match
Oh shopping on a haircut in five days oh
no it's been afford okay I'm not I need
to go hmm don't stop me don't stop me
that's cheating me please oh you why you
got a fight with me at cheesecake what
is map called again high-rise why you
got a snipe me a high-rise you know I
let her go there don't subjects only if
I get this killed eccentric summertime
you're okay I old isn't ready to smile
at without man-whore but those my house
of
double-kill double kill roll my aim is
so good if I call people with Oh double
kill
one more for UAV any of you any any of
you any of you with you yes you ready
guys you've always accuse me of having
an aimbot cuz of how good my aim is not
fair
wait what's the how many people in this
oh you have the fucking pill he's using
ecstasy and that's how he didn't die or
he's on some xanax stick I wanna stick
whoa
people cheese snipers are so much
stronger than you know Brian me and
magically black have arrived arrived
killing like 15 times did we do so bad
if I get shot with a gun one time in
person what happens to me let's say I
get shot watching I die so what the fuck
is this unrealistic
what is this infinity war on paper yeah
someone's taken a xanax
you didn't time I'm gonna stun the
fucking bitch
ah oh you took me home here at church
are you want or do that it's me he wants
to do the 520 insta swamp
look the Magnum akimbo
bitch I killed wah-wah-wah Z come down
rhyme someone is about to win wait how
mad would they be if they're all trying
to trick Shawn I win the game with a
fuckin home does not take that many
books to kill someone put the sub bad
call yeah because I couldn't make a scar
beach I hit market with a grenade so
someone please one of you guys watching
this video to open a time you see fight
you get a hit mark or do I actually die
cuz I'm shy out fucking down real life
what yeah I didn't get that kill
fuck now remember why quick call duty
the stress level between playing call
duty and watching the Sun with way too
much and being a college student look at
this guy
sergeant Ryan can you talk in different
class oh you are 21 oh my god Bernie
launcher really yeah
no way what are you talking earlier you
should see
I love grenade launcher with it I will
get an attack incision okay I gotta be
smart Baddeley getting me so much hate
right now oh my god I only have to be no
school ah how many died
he's gonna kill me he's gonna kill me no
I do yes you might be without your
Frisco Street no I got seniors knees and
they know he's gonna come with a
predator hope you can with the predator
anymore bitch come in fook you'll see ah
you suck Ryan I need to end it with a
grenade launcher watch guys I used to
noobtube so bad that's how you got your
yeah that's it okay why why'd you tell
them so guys yes I got eight nukes all
with uh new tubing I would look up well
why are you alive why was he standing
once my god yeah I used to look up on
YouTube spots to new to domination Oh
another UID am I literally the best copy
actually like the no Brian I'm good
and if I discard people in behind me if
I was going to be done what the fucking
dumbass fucking shaming yeah you would
imagine that they would die you I told
them why you got a snap on me a
high-rise oh yes I'm
try to shoot me one more time the times
gonna run out the times gonna run out
almost trying to hit coming from behind
so let's try to hit me from the back
yes pinkies yes let's try hitting on the
back on dumbass Oh No the care package
oh wait this guy's gonna get on 1452 who
won the game it's all about wow tar-21
daddy oh and what are you a fee ah he's
gonna send me a song imagine if that
shuttle ooh what are you trying to do is
fly with a flash bang your groove I'm
coming I'm sorry but if I even get to
talk to you and I talk to you right now
I need to talk please wait twenty six
eight point six on five hundred that's a
playoff team in the West last year
did you see how the bell seemed I swear
it looks good oh that quicks hard stop
No hahahaha dumbass who won Exodus look
lookie booyah I also get game got high
rise you sniped you i snipe you wait I
got picked up at a ceiling and someone
can run away I'm so man blingle is a
good attach oh good perfect
okay guys I think I'm done am i back up
back out
sorry guys raagh and I'm out can you
give you my name um before I leave
what shit okay guys I hope you enjoyed
that video
Brian fuck off duty now I know why don't
play I literally get like hey wait the
human see you in the camera come I
literally like I tense up so bad when I
pluck member when you try to teach you a
trick shot right now the worst day of
your life
alright look a black ops 2
private match I think it was even my mom
couldn't perform at now okay guys I hope
you enjoyed this video I'm literally
about to have a heart attack us of how
mad that shit makes me I used to be such
a good player it's like that's probably
why kevin garnett retired
first of all shout out kg great career
that's why I belong over time you used
to be so good and now he just can't like
you not that mitt anymore that's like
New York all beauty anyways guys like I
said the link to these shirts are in the
description below I got the hoodie wait
oh my god I keep looking there I got the
hoodie prices lower to you guys $20 off
from 55 to 35 you don't need a coat or
anything for a woman I got a new crop
top like you know if you're feeling a
little like if you're trying to kill
yourself you lower off the shoulder like
this and yeah check out the video we
made on Brian's channel actually earlier
today was actually really funny yeah bro
is just afraid well it's just a prank it
was actually funny guys check it out
okay guys for wadis thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video something different let me
know if you guys like these types of
videos I've no idea some people love
them some people hate them and 2k 17s
coming out soon so maybe a little
oh no we're off to controllers oh I
could buy that Sox one okay well who
knows maybe a little 1v1 matchup me and
Brian 2k 17 easy win for me yeah Brian
probably use the Warriors okay no that's
way too okay guys we're talking too much
now thank you so much for watching and I
apologize for not uploading yesterday
I'll just way too busy but today I get
this upload for you guys the watch squad
Hayes Road Rugrats
peace peace out 8 and a baby eating did
me know yeah yeah yeah you know you know
to the window and it'll wipe down my
ball you know this one yeah okay guys we
out outro
bullshit you honestly need to edit
anything out really trying to start wait
wait just can you just try to watch
