oh wait Jackie's here I think she bought
me food before I go to the gym I don't
know you got me two burgers if I play
that song I'm about to pass out on the
court thanks guys my life is literally
edit school gym basketball and haircuts
thanks babe
thank you no my wrist feels good when I
win but when I lose it hurts when you
win when you're Wayne you don't feel
pain okay I did thanks for the food okay
guys so we've lost about one fucking
minute we lost that the last shot and I
got a fucking cage so I took off my
laces I was about to leave after one
game I got pissed slam the ball fucking
took my license off I was about to leave
and then they but the next team wanted
me to play with them so they convinced
me to play one more game so now I'm
playing next so I gotta lace my shoes
back up I was pissed but I swear I hate
losing and I was ready to leave after
one loss I hate losing close to if we
lose badly I don't mind but losing close
I hate that shit but I guess I'll play
one more if we lose again I'm fresh-air
done
which way oh that's so much way he's
gonna hurt his knee I swear he's gonna
injure himself there's no way that much
way is good on your knees no matter how
old you are I'm not even only saying
that she's old whether you're young or
old middle-age it doesn't matter that
much way that much pressure on your
knees is not good and he's gonna hurt
himself
but he's a legend shirtless in the
middle of the gym when oh my god doing
that much weight legendary I swear but
I'm afraid he's gonna hurt himself and
that would be sad I swear I feel so bad
guys this is never going to happen again
to record now go squeeze squeeze guys
I'm back one day later and look there's
big how many on each side on top look so
there's three on each side on the bottom
and then there is at least he's not sure
that's too much no that's not good on
your knees I swear there's like how many
on top there's like eight or nine plates
on top and three on each side on the
bottom
well that's crazy here we are struggling
to work on our fucking hands that dude
is 86 years old I've talked to me before
his name's Luigi I'm sorry that cannot
be healthy and I always try to tell him
like in a nice way cuz I don't want a
straight-up gold to him be like hey
that's not good coz Who am I I'm 21
years old he's literally four times my
age so that's not respectful hey Luigi
this is my this is my girlfriend hey how
are you thank you
there's my key this is no my girlfriend
she's my girlfriend look how many how
much weight is that for what
Oh 82 yeah hope you know and you get
paid yeah yeah you don't guys look how
many plates look one two three four five
six seven eight nine brother
the limits eight on each side east x99
on on the top on each side so 18 on the
top six on the bottom so that's what 18
times 45 is I have to do a calculator
that is calculator you want to say hi
the video guys look I'm doing more
what's up one day
why tubes why not yep
you can't be lazy to eat if you're
hungry you have to eat the 82 year old
legend this can't be good
I always want to tell them how to but I
feel disrespectful cuz I'm so much
younger than so yeah we're ready I can't
ever like press over here anymore he's
gonna put me to shame Wow ten reps the
world yeah yeah I remember you curls
yeah he curls
yeah how about sixty pounds 70 I've seen
him curl in the way room seventy pounds
the barbell I am guys so I used to like
I always wanted to tell him like I don't
think that's good for your knees I used
to know I used to always want to tell
him like not to do it but I just feel
really disrespectful because like he
said he's 82 I could've swore last time
he told me was 86 but now he's 82 and
I'm only 21 so I have no like it's not
my place to be telling him what to do
but I always try to hint it at him
because I feel bad like I'm scared if I
don't want to say something happens to
him but it's just scary like you don't
even see like people in their prime age
yeah you don't see people in there but
obviously he's not going all the way
down like how you're supposed to but
that's good but you don't want to hurt
yourself I'm gonna buy him a protein
shake because Luigi yeah so yeah guys
I'm AB I'm a protein shake because I
asked him if you wanted to drink and he
said he wanted wine but they don't have
wine here so I'm gonna just get him a
protein shake e he says he didn't want
anything but he only has water and if
you're doing that much I just want to
get him a protein shakes what do you
think I should get him
okay guys so he's crazy guys it's not my
place or my business to be telling you
guys the whole story but like I've known
I've known him like for two years so
like we talk from time to time and he
tells me things that he doesn't tell
everybody and I don't want to like
spills business because that's not my
job or my place to do that but he's not
exactly the wealthiest of people and he
doesn't really have like money to spend
that's all I'm gonna say he's had like a
rough I don't want to say past but rough
recent years so I just figured like the
least I could do is buy him up a protein
shake I think that's the nice thing to
do and the right thing to do if you're
pushing that much weight the least you
could do is drink a little bit of
protein he doesn't eat that much either
I'm not sure if that's to his age or the
money but well like I don't want to talk
about it too much he's told me a lot and
I don't if he feels comfortable with
telling it to you guys than he has but
I'm not gonna ask him for right now
maybe in the future but not right now
so after finish mine add some on a plate
you look so sexy shakin
Luigi wait before you do it here I got
you this I got you this it's protein
look you added more weight you need the
protein no it's okay it's okay it's like
five dollars
yes it's only now she's since you know
because she got one too that's why so I
added one two three four five six now
okay Luigi we're gonna go now don't work
out too hard it's gonna okay we're ready
guys he wanted me to record this 18
plates on top 12 on the bottom a total
of 30 plates
all way don't worry 30 times 45 bro
that's so much late
yeah no more that's good guys look this
is what happens when you drink
pre-workout that's strong just look at
my hands like I'm not doing this they're
actually shaking what like you're just
saying you can see it cuz the cards no
in ten guys mine it's like so generate
life energy it's so weird
I've said it all along someone needs to
investigate that pretty we got company
just in case they put crack cocaine and
their fucking drink I'm pretty sure they
do that's how I just got out the shower
what's that thing you uh you need after
you work out like you know after people
work out for a few hours and they need
something to like replenish their body
what is this it ends in like Ian like oh
Hennessey no I'm just joking well you
could do that but protein so look at how
much protein mom did buddy spit on the
floor I just how much protein six
million grams just in these two plates
carbs carbs as much as you want to put
guys look how petty I am just because my
basketball game got canceled yesterday
Wow my girlfriend gets a side of salad
and I don't and let me tell you I am
inpe TTY no not pretty
am i pretty petty I know but okay okay
not pretty but petty so just because my
gang Val can't sign I kind of wear this
jersey yesterday I'm gonna wear all day
today no matter where I go whether I
stay home whether I go to the mall or
whether I go to somebody's wedding
randomly i'ma wear this jersey just cuz
I'm petty they canceled the game just
because there was a little hole in the
roof so and it was raining it was barely
sprinkling and they said the whole arena
flooded no it fucking did not flood
there might have been a little water on
the court so they canceled the whole
game and after wait till next week now
I'm being petty so I'm gonna wear this
look how much protein in this
mmm-hmm guys it actually tastes good
fresh off of me for once in my life I'm
not eating fast food it's so hot
not look cooler the weather guys guess
what what's new another charger injury
another one Antonio Gates so yeah I just
okay no I thought she was gonna say he's
on my fantasy team he's on your fuck
love and hip-hop
no guys really so so Stevie Johnson
right before the season started out
season-ending injury week one Keenan
Allen season-ending injury he's out week
two Danny Woodhead
season-ending injury he's out yeah his
was season-ending and then gelila died
just underwent surgery he's out for six
weeks and then today I just got a
notification Antonio Gates hurt himself
until his status for Sunday's game is
questionable they don't know if he's out
or not but his says he's unlikely to
play guys Gates would head Keenan Allen
Stevie Johnson and Brandon Oliver to
that's literally your whole offense what
the fuck the Chargers injury bug is
crazy she's saying that all the players
who got injured dated a Latina and she
cursed them she's just trying to scare
me no you're just trying to scare me
guys the Chargers luck no not basketball
wives guys she's practicing basketball
right tell them how you are about my
wife because of me Prison Break this is
mine in my dad's second time watching it
we've already seen every single episode
but there's my mom's first time Michael
Scofield Lincoln Burrows dad where Sucre
Bosley do you like Prison Break I
watched it last year I watched every
single episode can I tell you about the
ending my dad literally knows everything
that's gonna happen he still watches is
that me link what Prison Break is
literally the only show that I watched
yeah Prison Break in the office are the
only shows I've seen every episo-- oh
and George Lopez what do you want what
what do you want
no Bosley mom why'd you leave it here
next to he sleeps no Bosley no and it
was open no no no Mosley no more some
come over here he was literally asleep
and he woke up from the snow
go to sleep yeah Prison Break Prison
Break is the best
yeah the third or fourth you've seen
every episode million times
okay balls will go to sleep guys if you
haven't seen this show you guys should
definitely watch it the only thing the
scenarios are kind of unrealistic like
they wouldn't really happen in real life
but the acting is so good that they make
you believe that it would really happen
watch me Bryan my dad we've all seen it
mom he's telling you that you're in a
spot look mom if you stand up no if you
stand up with ways I'll go watch he's
looking for the freaking thing look cuz
it's right there lady went closer to it
Bosley you're so fat I said by the said
Slade
sleep puzzle you want beef jerky you
want jerky well too bad you already ate
enough to bake no no no other there's no
you can't have anymore
guys look since Bosley wants something
in return now he'll give me a kiss watch
Bosley mucus
you want jerky communication Bosley no
but what did you do today before why dad
we're watching Kansas talent people
talking oh my dad hey - okay Boz you
come out of the room
Boz it look at me just play I want to
watch okay I want to watch it too okay
you said don't talk
