you know you
sorry to interrupt this little
time-lapse I had going on I know it was
really cool and you guys were all
enjoying it you know like a little movie
but just look how I park I just notice
right now guys if you ever need a
parking teacher don't come to me you
don't want to learn from me look at this
but yeah guys I appreciate Paul he
opened up the shop and came in early
just for me probably cuz he knew he was
getting that tip but now I'm just joking
no I did tip him good because you're
gonna wake up early open the shop before
anybody else is in there and take me
before my class so Paul I appreciate
that hey so what's going on in class
what's going on with my school I do at
class right now so I got that fresh cut
before class we have a review today
because on Thursday in case you didn't
know today's Tuesday
but on Thursday we have a test we have
our first quiz so today's a little bit
of a review you know I had to attend for
that because
I am the one the wounded up Oh getting
it that I am the one that today in class
we got a review for our test coming up
Thursday yes time to go to school guys
if you're wondering you might be
thinking hey why don't you just out the
barber shop literally like four days ago
why yes yes I was but then I randomly
got asked to play in the basketball
league by that dude at the gym remember
in case you didn't hear I'll just have
to jam you know I was just shooting
around and the suit came up to me he's
like hey you know I've seen you play
over here and I was wondering if you'd
like to join my basketball team we need
one more player every Tuesday night and
I was like yeah sure
and boom before you know it it's already
Tuesday I didn't know I thought he meant
like next month or in a couple weeks
first thing I did before I even bought
my Jersey I hit my barber up I was like
yo I need a cup by Tuesday man it's
important so yeah if I didn't get my cut
today I probably wouldn't have played in
the game before being honest so yeah I
was here four days ago but this was an
emergency had to get cut I can't show it
to my first game without getting a
haircut in four days are you kidding me
crazy time to go to school and then
after that go back home to edit my video
and then later on tonight it's not until
9:00 p.m. then I got my first league
game I have no idea who's on the team I
have no idea who that guy was who asked
me to play I have no I don't know
anything about this literally two days
ago I just found out about everything
and the Green Team I don't even know the
team name is so we'll see how this go I
don't like I never liked playing with
people that I've never played with
before because
when you play a basketball you always do
better when you play with people you
know there's more chemistry and you just
know everybody spots on the court but
for me today
like I said I don't know anybody on the
team or anything I didn't even ask any
questions he's just like all do you want
to play I was like yeah sure cuz I'm not
gonna turn down basketball opportunities
so oh my god I'm so ugly look at my
mustache
look someone leave a fucking caterpillar
on my lips what the fuck is this shit
now it looks fresh I'm just talking the
human being but we're all good
oh shit Tomatoes oh my god my mustache
guys I'm about to walk up into my early
college class yes in case you didn't
know 9:30 a.m. class in college is
pretty early so I'm about to walk up
into my early college class I'll call up
in there with a fresh cut and everyone's
gonna be like both like how do you have
such a fresh cut did you just get out
the barber shop yes indeed ma'am sir I
did actually just get out the barber
shop
you're gonna be like well you look like
you just got off the barbershop like I'm
gonna cuz I got the hookups my barber
loves me it cuz he knows I had to tip
him a lot of money but guys I always
examine my cut in this mirror for
literally three hours I wanted to go
home and shower after my cup but I'll
have enough time before class laughs to
shower after class guys I'm about to
walk up in that class you know like
feeling myself thinking I look all good
thinking I look super fresh when in
reality like little do I know that every
single person in that class just thinks
I look exactly the same like they can't
even talk about a haircut they think it
looks exactly the same as last last
class that I went to that's why
everybody says when I get a haircut they
say a broad came until you got a haircut
but in my head I look 300 times
different so I bought a one day parking
pass on August 23rd okay it it says
right there I don't know if you can see
I bought it for two dollars meaning it's
supposed to last for two hours Here I am
September 20th nearly a month later look
how faded the shit is I use the same one
I just put it here and I hope that they
don't read the day on it but so I also I
bought it for two dollars meaning I
could use it for two hours let's see how
long okay so it's been 28 days since I
bought it
let's see how many hours that is 28
times 24 so I bought it so I could use
for two hours and I ended up I'm using
it for 600 72 hours and more because I
don't plan on buying another one so but
anyways time for class that's part of
the day I should win Best Dressed
college student look at this if this
isn't the freshest outfit on earth I
don't know what
guys that's the good thing about college
nobody cares how you dress wear whatever
you want you could dress like a scrub
not like I'm just like a scrub but I'm
just saying yeah yeah I know the review
did it no I don't fucking get it I got
it last time now he added a million
things to it don't ask me it fucking
means that we're gonna fail wait imagine
I have a ticket because I use the same
parking pass
oh you do too she copies me for
everything guys look helpful faded can't
even see the day oh right now I have to
go home to edit my video I was supposed
to edit yesterday but what did I do
instead
no I went and played I went and played
basketball for three hours instead of Ed
in my video so now I have to race home
and go edit my videos I need to go home
and take a shower and then you judge
your haircut Jackie said she likes it he
came in he opened the shop early just to
take me I am a princess after I shower
though is that rain I see it is that
rain but look oh shit my solution never
had rain in San Diego in months I know
it's it's light rains barely anything
but still we haven't had rain here and
so long so here's my schedule for the
day started the day with the early
haircut appointment then I went straight
to school then straight from school back
home now I need to edit my video upload
my video while filming my video for
tomorrow after that hangout with Jack
you know after that I'm gonna go to the
gym to just put some shots up shoot
around by myself and then after that go
to my League basketball game so so it's
a really busy day but we got to get it
done what mama haven't even started
editing I'm about to do it now and look
at my hair
I just came back from school the barber
opened the shop early for me so I went
before class hey boys well Bosley who
put all the dirty clothes there were
they you Oh what are you guys is Jackie
literally the best girlfriend ever
look so I'm editing right like I said
and she texted me because I haven't ate
yet she takes me saying come outside I
have food for you guys Jackie brought me
she said Apple for you to go I love
Applebee's and I love Jackie okay Bosley
go by Jackie okay Bosley it's time to
get wet yeah Buzzle you want to get wet
oh wait it's raining I can't take my
camera out it's actually raining it's
actually raining oh my God my back is so
cool
hahaha turn around turn around guys I'm
just gonna go shoot around my game is
that 9 p.m. so I have some time to come
it's gonna go shoot around really quick
and have the jam I finished my video I
got out of school I ate what else I
don't know so I'm gonna go shoot around
out the gym and then come back home
Bosley hey why were you bothering me
when I was editing huh just cuz Jackie
brought me food you wanted some of the
food huh you didn't let me edit in peace
did you know that yeah guys I'm just
gonna go the gym is usually empty around
this time it's usually dead so I'm just
gonna go put some shots up you know get
my body get my mind drive for the game
in case you guys ain't hear me the first
million times I don't know anybody on
the team I don't know which league it is
I don't know which division I don't know
how good the competition is this is all
new to me I don't know but I'm ready
kinda I don't know let's just say I'm
ready I'm ready to get this win ok guys
my body and legs are so dead it would
actually be smart for me to rest before
the game Jackie's at work right now so
I've played basketball every single day
for like the past almost two weeks at
least a week and a half and yesterday
night I played for like three hours
almost till like midnight so my body's
dead but I'm 21 years old I'm young
enough to still be abusing my body I'm
lucky enough right now where I'm only 21
years old so I'm able to play like back
to back to back to back to back times 10
I could play basketball every single day
of the month I could play last night
till midnight and then go shoot around
and then playing a game so I might as
well make the most of it cuz once I turn
like in my late 20s and early 30s I'm
not gonna be able to do this anymore so
why not take advantage of it while I
could
that's your mama boy you don't talk to
your mama like that fuck cuz I'm not
even gonna bring my basketball shoes to
the gym just in case there are people
playing and they asked me to play I'm
just gonna bring my running shoes and
I'll be like oh sorry I don't have my
basketball shoes so that I'm not tempted
to play guys that's what it's come to I
have to literally bring running shoes
just so that I'm not tempted to play
because I can't control myself some
people ask me to play basketball
and I can't play games before my real
game I just want to go shoot around it's
raining so I have to protect my ball
look I don't care about my phone my
phone's getting all wet while I'm
recording but I have to protect my ball
his name is Devin Booker so I have to
protect it guys
why the fuck do I look at my sweat why
the fuck do I do this to myself I said I
was gonna go shoot around right and I
said I was tired I just want to shoot
around a little before my game just get
my body loosened up of course I go and I
play full on like full court games and
they asked me to play I have the choice
to say no but I just can't turn down
basketball so I played for like an hour
and a half or two hours and I literally
have my game soon
look I purposely didn't wear my
basketball shoes I just wore my running
shoes and one sock not even two just in
case people tried to get me to play I
could say oh I don't have my shoes what
do I do instead I say oh I don't have my
shoes it's not like I have a game or
anything later I'll still play I'm such
an idiot but now so I'm gonna get ready
for my game by the way I won three out
of the four games I've played in case
anyone's wondering hmm how's a nice nap
I needed a nap really quick it's time to
get ready for my game the green jersey
shorts the socks see oh shit my game was
that 9 o'clock psychic my game about
fucking cancer my game bag canceled so
my game was at 9 p.m. right I get a text
around 8 p.m. from the dude who asked me
to play with him
and he goes hey man the game's cancelled
because the building I'm playing
apparently had a hole in the roof or
some shit like that
so but one day rains like I said it
hasn't rained in months in San Diego so
rained and the courts got all not
flooded but they got all wet or whatever
and so the games got canceled short
today not just our game but obviously
all the games that were scheduled to be
on for today I have no idea what they're
gonna do about it whether they're gonna
reschedule for another day or whether
they're just gonna like cancel it I
don't know yet just I literally got the
text like an hour before the game and I
was pissed bro I was ready to play I
wanted to play so bad you know a little
basketball I only got to play like an
hour and a half of two hours at the gym
earlier that's not enough I wanted to
play this game and so well the league
literally over prices every single
player they make you pay so much money
to pay there and they can't even afford
to get a decent fucking room
so no game today game cancelled I'm
about to go get doughnuts for me and
Brian honestly I'm rewarding myself cuz
I'll I count this as a win for me
because I was ready to play and it
didn't happen so bruh Wallace is wanna
know I'm just joking we didn't win but
that's bullshit brother one day it rains
in San Diego it hasn't rained in months
but one day it rains it has to be today
but oh well
bro San Diego people are crazy bit since
we never get rain in San Diego it's
really weird to get rained I'm here in
San Diego they overeat like they
overreact everytime we get rain for
example today we had light rainfall for
maybe a couple hours really like if you
turn on the news oh god we go Revier
these streets are closed and these
streets might be flooded and we got a
car crash over here due to the rain
cancel basketball games because the
fucking the arena flooded this is not
I've been to different parts of the
country this is not theirs they're
closing streets bro people in San Diego
overreact from rain so bad like it's cuz
we rarely get it here so when we get
just a little bit everyone makes it like
the end of the world but and they'll be
dressed in like snow coats and hoodies
and gloves and fucking earmuffs and I'm
just like bro just cuz it's ray
it's still like 80 degrees outside watch
just to be petty while I go get the
doughnuts I'm addressing it short sleeve
shirt basketball shorts and no sauce and
I'll wear slippers watch just to be
petty for the people of San Diego guys
God punished me for wearing the slippers
and being petty
I stepped in a puddle right here I don't
know if you see it but I look right
there and I sat down and there's fucking
water all under my foot right now this
is what I get for being Petty and watch
I bet you anything I'm gonna come down
with the worst cold of the fuckin
century guys look at what a fat ass I am
first of all look okay so I'm at KFC
right tell what a fat ass in the KFC
drive-thru line hey can I do the $5 fill
a box with drama man thigh can I please
do original the drinkin I get Mountain
Dew light ice I know that's it yeah guys
I'm the only fucking guy on earth who
orders KFC while eating a fucking
doughnut in the drive-thru cuz I'm
actually so bummed out I wanted to play
in the game today so bad I just want to
see who my teammates were I wanted to
see what type of League it was I'm so
bummed I wanted to play really really
bad but things happen I guess it's life
cuz it's like 11:00 p.m. and I'm still
bummed out I'm still upset I love
basketball I wanted to play so bad
anyways I need to stop dreading it but I
can't lose my exercise thanks guys that
I missed out on by playing the ball game
I need to make up for it somehow so I
called Jackie to come over and she's on
the way so we're both gonna get a ton of
exercise right here so anyways guys you
know what I was most upset about look
since I was gonna wear obviously the
green sleeveless basketball jersey I was
ready look I shaved my armpits I shaved
my armpits that's what I'm most upset
about I shaved my freakin armpits and I
can't show them off now I wanted to make
a three and then go ahead just so
everyone can see my shake armpits and I
messed up so bad look
I literally left half of them long and
half bald look at this design long bald
and there no one's gonna get to see this
cool design it actually wasn't
undesigned I was just in the shower with
no mirror or anything I just fucking
shaved wherever and ended up like this
so I'm actually I'm actually lucky that
wouldn't have a game today so nobody
sees this but anyways that's what I'm
most upset about I can't show off my
newly shaved armpits because I actually
call this the robot is fade so when you
go to a barbershop just say it can be
taken to the back room really quick and
give me the broadest fade on my armpits
it the broadest fade only applies from
armpits it doesn't apply for hair so
what they do for the reward is fade is
they just randomly without even looking
just go this is disease they leave a law
somewhere they go to go bald some places
it's just all random and boom there you
have it the broader state takes like two
seconds to do the best way to end my
night reading Phoenix Suns articles in
between my editing break and yes I'm so
depressed that I didn't need to play
today
