and we play goalie
are you going for the pain Levi's good
boo and this is your defending WWE champ
right here so don't mess with me or no
I'm uh I'm world heavyweight or fucking
whatever the fuck it's called USA champ
yes yes god yes best morning ever I love
when Jackie leaves her lashes at my
house no way and they still have glue on
them thank God cause you don't
understand this is like being a kid in
finding the cookie jar open when you
wake up in the kitchen
and they still have glue hold on guys
no wonder Jackie wears this shit I look
good as fuck you know the extra-large
though look at this shit yeah these are
definitely size XL oh wait I placed one
out guys I look good wait this one's
fucking wrong
oh my god I look like the guy that sings
a Hellena from what's that band called
the fucking emo guy
but I'm going to Jim wait guys I just
have to pick a thumbnail before going to
the gym really quick there we go
don't make it that thick though shit's
too thick
no guys how the fucking Jackie way oh I
can even see what the aah
she's fucking superglue the hot glue gun
I can't even see what these on how do
you girls wear these ok guys so
yesterday I actually didn't show up to
the gym because of the Chargers game and
it was my dad's day off and I just
edited in my video really late so today
I have to go double double the workout I
was supposed to do my back and biceps
yesterday and then today my shoulders
and traps but I got a combined limb so
today I'm doing my back biceps shoulders
and traps I had to drink a pre-workout
for all this so since hardly drink a
pre-workout I might as well do my abs to
either someone's having some fucking
hardcore sex right next door or
someone's playing racquetball I don't
know
so yeah I just finished my back and
biceps and now I'm about to do my
shoulders and traps guys I love coming
to lift when the gym is super dead
because cuz all the machines are empty
so you don't need to wait to use your
machine the weight room is empty so
nobody has your weights and the most
important thing is nobody's in the
basketball court because the gym is dead
so I'm not really tempted to play I can
just get my workout done show them Willy
show them the picture I know I used to
be found out baby
yeah shallow picture me a bride in the
bathtub please guys we're looking at it
guys me and Brian have a picture it's a
really nice pose and we both have nice
tans in the shine
thank you okay she sees my dick every
day oh my god look nerdy well I'm not
posting I just want to see how much my
crew
that's transfer can I post up our
transformation Tuesday huh yeah show me
the ass one good look ah me and Brian
you can take one right now I'm post it a
transformation Tuesday look how many
booty pics I have let me see my mom I
feel better now with your hair color
darker yeah what we runnin were you
literally the devil what's my name
right my name was Brundage she doesn't
even say my name right who brought this
whoa thanks for the Jamba Juice did you
poison it guys I don't trust her what
she does
I want him protein I know but I just
worked out guys whenever Jackie brings
me something I just imagine she poisoned
it
that's why don't let her bring me food
because I know she would try to kill me
if you're actually rude why didn't you
bring Bosley any Jamba Juice mom or
Brian's not important but the dog it has
protein mm-hmm I told her don't forget
to give me the protein like Brian did
last time I did wanna see yeah yeah ah
look at Brian hold on oh ah ah oh my god
okay stop looking you're gonna see more
of the back okay see right when I said
it is another one of my baboon uh
I don't care you could keep looking but
guys Jackie keeps looking at me nude hey
mom it's okay
you nude hey mom it's okay Bosley's
actually playing when you watch go babe
I'm not chasin chase him hey guys watch
Brian look bother the line back on the
quarterback
ready at all sir
ready set but high five wait boss leaked
in Amman here hey hola okay look I'm not
playing them and only after waste again
okay bother look block wait oh wait wait
wait
okay whoa aah
proof that Bosley only plays for 45
seconds here I'm done - fuck that
Oh like you like you know when you just
wake up and you know how when you like
okay this is your face when you're
looking straight at the Sun I swear
that's not literally me I swear oh my
god I'm literally gonna grow to be
exactly like my dad fade yeah I can't
have my dad's hair cut dad you need to
work on getting that more fresh guys
listen we're about to go on a date where
are we going just guess yes guys look I
just huh
no I wasn't fighting with it I just
remember the tweet listen there's this
tweet going around and it's going viral
and someone tweeting Appleby's is not a
day Appleby's is not a day and it has
like a million retweets listen all I
have to say is if Applebee's is not a
date if that's what you guys say then me
and Jackie have never been on a day in
our life but but if you consider out to
be Applebee's a day like myself then how
many days have we been on like two
million so I mean depending on first of
all why's Applebee's not a day just cuz
I have a to 420 menu
so no appellees is a day I consider a
day so me and Jackie are about to go on
a date for the two millionth and once
for the two million and first time yes
so if you're one of the people who says
al boobies doesn't even come out as a
date then I guess me and Jackie have
never ever been on a date in one year
yeah that's actually all we know guys
were about to go on a date but you have
to get from the two for 20 you weren't
good enough to get from to 425 and
you've never been good enough to get off
the regular menu so we're gonna keep it
at 2 for 20 today guys there's a scale
the two for 20 is when she's been bad to
425 is when she's been good and then for
her to choose off the regular menu she
hasn't gotten to that point yet guys the
perks of having a boyfriend who dresses
like a scrub look all
to do is throw on a white t-shirt how
long did it take me to get ready one
second look how hungry are you this is
the perks of having a boyfriend who
dresses like a scrub let's say your
girlfriend is super hungry and you know
she's waiting for you to get ready oh
hold on babe let me get ready just give
me you know regular people say I'll give
me 10 to 15 minutes how about give me 10
or 15 seconds perfect I'm not I'm
Horning green-gray guys I'm ready there
that's it how long did that take ten
fifteen twenty seven fifteen okay let's
go I'm not wearing shoes I'm wearing
Nike slippers
what does bother need to run on
treadmill guys I'm bout a trick jacking
we're gonna go to the gym instead of
Applebee's
she doesn't know yeah okay let's go jeez
you need a Snickers let's go
hey where's shoes lies your field of
lies why are we always here
why we live at Applebee's assignment a
real restaurant was Applebee's not
enough no the service was actually
terrible can you tell them what we
caught the server Tony no mom we won't
we won't say any name so it's never get
in trouble but I literally waited for
water from 15 minutes and then hold on
hold on excuse me for interrupting but
the smell from the boiled eggs oh my god
that smells all your breath in the
morning not mine no but listen
oof Parker's milky water now it's not
her breaking off she freaks out and
looks at i/o we what eggs so we walk out
we're about to leave and right next to
my car we see our server in her car
smoking a cigarette she sees us she sees
us she gets out of her car told her door
and she's like oh haha sorry
why did she say saunas yeah yeah guys
when we walk out she puts us to go down
she says oh haha isn't that some shit
you guys walk out on your server fucking
whatever smoking segrand then she like
ran back inside so she got caught Brian
wait record me guys I've never missed
one of these look watch no no I'm not on
this look what hi been in my turn I want
to do it okay you're not gonna miss it
two and one two and one huh yeah third
time go okay
was this your accident
this is the third time you bill go go
one after another go go
no like one after another one while it's
in the air throw the other one
like juggle yeah kind of present the
song right son this is what you have to
do weights this lead name it son's
roster go okay we're not going in my
room I swear let's remember this the
team needs more guards Brian doesn't do
anything on Tuesday night I'm asking a
fight with me okay he doesn't do
anything not anyone let's do this ones
roster wait listen TJ Warren friend
Annette she of all people she does TJ
warm first NC State jogging vendor Chris
my two boys one more oh yeah
the center the 7-footer here he was hurt
a lot of the time Tyson and then his
backup people say he looks like me I
don't see it but he's really tall yes
uh-huh
Devin Booker his best friend okay how
about one of the two new guys we got two
okay yeah that's one but he's not one of
the guys we got hey yeah and then one
more barb
Barbossa I connect I remember these guys
this girl this is the girl who when we
first started dating saying hey you know
you're really cool and all but I just
can't do basketball like like I don't
like the sport I can't I don't want to
like like this or we could watch
football but not basketball this is the
same girl right here and now what did
you just Applebee's you can't wait for
what
she's basketball wife Tyler Ulis is
built from all that he's my high wish no
she thought he was one of the people
that just cleaned the core and runs back
literally said oh that's so cool as I
get to play with the players but hey
Bosley oh good boy
dad how was your day at work
Wow why was it fun though what happened
yeah but like what happened to make it
fun like yourself but did my mom member
one the girls tell my dad he has pretty
eyes that was the only girl in 15 years
guys
Mike one time one time one one time ago
complimented my dad ever and it's how
long have you been working there Sept 20
years and he talked about it every
single day
she told him he has pretty eyes I hid my
fucking toe on the thing oh my god that
hurts oh that fucking hurt so bad I
Bosley stop flirting with my girlfriend
you like though try statue of a yeah I
know it's too cold you just tried to
bite me Ludi to Boswell he's trying to
buy that party kit Oh mostly I think he
just did it oh wait who wants it oh oh
oh okay see you wonder why I'm not
playing in the league no guys I am
playing a league and I'm trying to get
Brian to play in the basketball league
but I wonder what his excuse is gonna be
guess would show guys cause I love this
they literally play all day this show
gets me so hyped I just want to say go
go go go
oh my god they added background music oh
he had his fucking radio on I was like
damn they upgraded they upgraded the
editing of cops oh my god
come on wake him up oh my god he
actually fell asleep at the wheel
I know oh my gosh more fans fucking
calling the house what Grand Theft Auto
how do you know this guy's I've never
even played Grand Theft Auto she has
imagine he shit himself right when he
wakes up he sees the cop guys also
pissed because on Twitter I saw this
article that they said that in the
future they're gonna make cars that once
the car senses the cop lights in the
background like the sirens that's gonna
pull over itself it's like it's like
this new car where if it senses sirens
behind it it automatically pulls over on
the side and I quoted it and I was like
no then they're gonna not have any more
new episodes of cops because guys
exactly the best episodes of cops are
always on the cop when the fucking car
runs and the cops have to chase them and
they say we gotta run around what's up
what about the show cops if the car
pulls over itself no the fun part is
when they go and some i'ma start a
petition to ban the cars that
automatically pull over just so we can
have more episodes of cops guys look a
marathon yes how
your camera before you say anything I
know guys every time I have to say
something I literally save my voice till
I get my camera turn it on and then I
say it I'm a true vlogger guys they
literally arrested DJ no it's DJ Khaled
guys you know it's really DJ Khaled - oh
my god he had literally a Michael Myers
knife DJ Khaled had a Michael Myers
knife in his fucking truck okay if I
give you too many massage then oh my
gosh why oh my gosh look two numbers
just call that once it is fucking 10:30
guys my girlfriend is actually the devil
okay you want me to show um Kim I know
your darkness because you're the devil
because the devil's the devil sit on my
gosh another call I love it but you're
the devil cuz you like you're the devil
because you seduced me that's what a
devil does it seduces the other person
you ask for a back massage and then you
go okay guys well look another number
called okay guys I'm turning the camera
off I not because the devil is trying to
seduce me
okay guys so my Jersey came in I've
never played on a team with this color
I've only played on black or white so
this looks kind of weird on me look this
is actually a little too big if you
can't tell I should have got an extra
small there's a small it's yet it's -
look it's way too big I look too scrawny
in it see I need to get an extra small
one but none of the extras oh my god
look this is so big I look like a scrub
I can't play in this but it'll have to
do because I went on Amazon to look at
look for extra smalls and none of them
could ship this is what happens when you
join a league last minute I'm telling
you I was literally at the gym and some
guy just came up to me hey I've seen you
play here at the gym and we need more
guards you want to join my team and I
was like sure what color green okay and
I just bought this Jersey so I should
have got an extra small but whatever
this will do for a game and how do I
look in green nice
sexy so I have to but we don't that fall
isn't one depending on how sexy
basketball is one depending on
it's Lexie on the boards so yeah guys
I've never been wanting to get a number
iron going what I got off time for that
today my number zero I have to be either
number one for Devin Booker two for
blood so or zero for Bo Wallace I've
just always been number zero I don't
know why no it's not for Russell
Westbrook I'm a member of the green team
for the first time in my life I'm a
Boston Celtic psych guys so it's choose
oh my god I look so ugly in this color I
swear anyway it's Tuesday today my game
is actually in a couple hours so yeah I
have no idea who's on the team I have no
idea which division how the competition
is so I'm gonna go play hopefully we get
the win um I'm gonna try to vlog
something so wish me luck guys another
thing to end this video I just want to
give a special birthday shout out to my
boy Simon he's one of my biggest fans
aka supporters if you guys watch the
vlog he's the fan that I invited all the
way from Seattle to my house and I spent
a day with him and his brother and their
friend so happy birthday Simon 18th
birthday enjoy live it up and thank you
for watching my videos by the way Simon
I I know you're gonna see this birthday
shout out even though it's at the end of
my video because I know you watch my
videos all the way through because
you're a huge fan and as for all of you
guys thank you guys for watching this
video and thank you guys for your
support I hope you guys enjoyed big
announcement today I'm dropping a pretty
big announcement today it actually
should be announced within like an hour
on my Twitter and Instagram
so if you don't follow me on that follow
me you don't want to miss the
announcement trust me when I say trust
me I mean trust me my twitter is
broadest Instagram is bro wallets and my
snapchat bro Wallace it's all simple
just like my youtube name so guys thank
you so much for watching this video and
I hope you guys have a really good
Tuesday I love you guys all
