okay hold on guys so I came really quick
to the boys locker room never mind
that's the pool so I came to the boys
locker room really quick to tell you
guys a story smells like shit like
expired Bosley's shit okay so look so
I'm at the gym right I'm just working
out I'm just chilling like I'm working
out chess and I'm like a quarter a
quarter of the way done with my workout
right and I noticed everybody at the gym
is searing at me like literally
everyone's staring at me so like I'm
just like what the fuck is everybody
looking at that she was getting annoying
cuz I've seen one person do it two
people three people down like okay what
the hell then I started feeling like I
start feeling my arms I'm like wait like
I'm skinny I didn't even put on muscle
like maybe I did that people notice that
like I was like oh maybe people notice
you know I started getting bigger you
know I started filming myself and then I
remembered I had fucking I had a fucking
hickey the size of a minivan literally
on my neck so and then I remembered
that's why everybody was looking at me
so funny and embarrassing at the same
time at first I'm telling you guys
everyone's looking at me oh my god
shapes
maybe I got bigger you know maybe I'm
doing more away and people are noticing
like oh good shit no little did I know
it just hit me I'm like duh you fucking
dumbass Brandi look you have literally
it's the size of like a fucking minivan
bro this shit isn't small it's like
three baseballs it's the size of a
basketball
so then I felt I felt like I've done
this holy shit okay guys hold on fuck so
halfway through my workout no hold on
let me check if I have a jacket in my
car please God please God let me have a
jacket in my car I just left halfway
through my workout no I don't have a
jacket fall jacket clean like oh yes
have one just okay hold on guys oh you
know how everybody was staying on you
whatever cuz I was hickey literally the
size of Bosley on my neck you won't
believe my luck fucking Jackie's parents
walking well Jackie's mom and then her
mom's boyfriend walking holy shit I
raced out of there they didn't see me I
raced out of there so fucking fast I'm
bout to wear this hoodie and cover it
with my neck and then go talk to them
some guys first of all I hate hickeys
yes it feels good but I hate the way it
looks it looks trashy but obviously when
you're in the heat of the moment you
don't like you don't care like in the
heat of the moment you're like yeah come
here baby girl give me a fucking Nicki
but after is like fuck they look trashy
in disrespectful and I'm a really nice
kid so talk
I love talking to Jackies parents or her
mom and her mom's boyfriend so now I
could talk to them fuck I got a heart
attack what are the odds yeah guys don't
get me wrong people think oh you're
trying to show off your Hickey or oh
you're proud of it no I'm not I'm not
proud of it it looks trashy and I'm 21
years old so yeah guys I'm gonna talk to
a parent guys fuck now I look like the
douchebags who work out in the hoodies
because they think they're too buff for
t-shirts but I'm not man I'm just trying
to I'm just trying to protect myself
here you feel me guys fuck Jackie's mom
wait just like what Jackie sent me so
Jackie's mom saw me and took a secret
picture of me and sent it to Jackie
saying your boyfriend is here
you
secret picture of me and sent it to
Jackie saying your boyfriend is here
like right before I went out to get my
jacket so now it looks burnt cuz she
already saw me from far away with a
t-shirt and now I come racing in with a
jacket
guys I have the worst luck on earth what
the hell anyways I'm continuing my
workout but yeah everyone's gonna think
oh he thinks he's like he thinks he's so
big working out with a hoodie all the
douchebags work out with her knees I
swear shout out to you if you work out
with a hoodie I'm not talking about you
I'm talking about the people who don't
watch my videos and work on hoodies
okay so I'm about to go talk to them
like I said I'm respectful like I
actually love Jackie's parents every
time I see them I always talk to them
see what's up how they're doing let them
know how I'm doing except this time it's
a little more nerve-wracking than usual
but we'll get this done okay
you
but Jackie told me that her mom keeps
videos of myself so Jack is pretty much
watching my whole entire workout right
now
this is honestly one of the scariest
moments of my life just please put
yourself in my position right now this
is not like I'm like looking right at
her mom right now I'm waiting so I could
say what's up like say hi you know hey
mother-in-law I missed you I haven't
seen her in a while it's been a couple
weeks so this should be a long talk a
long talk like this hey mama hey
mother-in-law now I remember why don't I
hate hickies people might think oh you
think you're so cool that no I don't
it's trashy and it's a disgusting look
but when you're in the moment like you
don't think like oh no Wallabout you're
just like in the moment you're like
alright keep going please but after
you're like fuck why did I do that
hickeys yet don't get me wrong they feel
good but they look trashy I don't like
that look so no I'm not trying to show
off I'm not trying to be cool I am
actually ashamed of myself and I tried
to get rid of it but the shit was too
big like I said this is not a regular
hickey it's literally the size of a
minivan no I'm telling you a lot of
people were like oh he thinks she's so
cool he's showing off because you got a
hickey need to add chrome 21 years old
this is not it doesn't look good it's
not a good look maybe if I was like 14
or 15 years and it's cool I actually
tried to get rid of it but it happens it
happens when you're in the moment look
after when it happens you look in the
mirror you're like fuck I wish I could
get rid of it but in the moment when
it's happening you're just like okay
vampire keep keep going with it but
after that's when you regret it I want
to say it but I say it with caution
because I said this last time but
there's gonna be the last one at least I
say that now until it happens again then
I'll say that's the last one and yes I
know a lot of you guys were commenting
and tweeting to me about this article
where some dude died because he got a
hickey
I I appreciate your concerns and I'm
very grateful that you guys are worried
about me but honestly it feels good so
at least if I do die like just know that
I died happy and I died on a good note
everybody was tweeting to me bro didn't
you see that someone died from a hickey
are you stupid blah blah and like I said
man I appreciate the concerns but I
don't care it feels good so just know
that if I do die then
I died happy so you guys don't have to
worry about me guys but at the same time
I feel disrespectful talking to her
appearance with a hood on that's
disrespectful in its own right but a lot
of people are gonna say bro just leave
why would you stay in that situation no
bro I'm halfway through my workout you
can't leave halfway maybe if I just
started or if I was at the very end out
of left but you can't leave halfway
through your workout bro that's that's a
no-no uh oh my god I'm so tempted to
play basketball I swear I'm right in
front of the basketball court just
staring it's like when you first see
your love love that first sight right in
front of your eyes and you just want to
go talk to her oh shit the guy probably
thinks I was doing that to him no I have
a girlfriend the guys on a place so bad
except the guy shooting around is
literally like six foot eight
if I care somebody was just throwing
down dunks like nothing literally the
scariest moment of my life for sure just
happened
no can't even talk right now I'll tell
you the story when I leave oh my god
now here oh my god so I just spoke with
Jackie's mom's boyfriend no I didn't get
caught but oh my god and she was scared
I don't even spoke to her mommy and her
mom's upstairs I'm about to go upstairs
to talk to her mom
fuck yeah no I'm gonna have to cut my
workout a little short I'm oh my god
I'll tell you guys when I leave if I get
caught with her parents I'm gonna be
like why you gotta fight with me at LA
Fitness you know I'll let it go there no
but really shout out Drake why you gotta
fight with me a cheesecake why you gotta
fight me at the Jamie know I love to go
there and of course I just see my old
math teacher from eighth grade and also
this dude asked me to join this
basketball league every Tuesday night so
what the fuck guys I come to the gym
perfectly fine with no baseball hickey
on my neck
I don't know anybody nobody talks to me
and the one time that I show up with
embarrassing gesture on me everybody
knows me everybody talks to me all of a
sudden I don't know bro but yeah someone
just asked me to play on his basketball
team every Tuesday night and so I gave
him my number I saw I think I'm gonna
play he say he's gonna let me know for
sure by tomorrow so I'll keep you guys
updated I might be playing in another
league again
free at last I'm free I just spoke with
her mom I'm free no hoodie for the rest
of the time I'm just about to finish up
my ABS and fucking go home bro this was
honestly why at the gym why this was
honestly just come here to get a quick
workout and instead the world hates
paratus you know everybody hates chris
everybody hates bro audience but now I'm
out to finish up my ABS and then go
okay guys so the encounter with her mom
yeah was perfectly fine whatever you
know now how are you doing how am i
doing I missed you it's been long
whatever blah blah was fine with her
mom's boyfriend of course right as I see
him he brings up oh hey I didn't
recognize you with the hoodie on and I
was like in my head I was like of course
that's the first thing so I made up some
bullshit I was like I was like yeah I'm
trying to like lose some weight so I
wore the hoodie so I could sweat more
and of course he goes he goes lose what
weight and it kind of feels my hand he's
like or he feels my arm and he goes what
way are you trying to lose bro you're
already skinny and in my head I was like
oh I'm skinny huh I hate when people
call me skinny I am skinny so so I go
yeah you know like I'm just trying to
lose weight because I've been eating a
lot more so and I feel like I'm getting
fat and he's just looking at me like
what the fuck are you talking about and
he goes oh well I don't really see that
you're getting fat ball-ball like all
this stuff and it was just so fucking
bad and oh oh no guys I honestly thought
he was gonna pull the hood off my thing
but yeah that was I just felt
disrespectful talking to with my hood on
but oh no guys so I literally made up a
lot of saying yeah I feel fab and eating
a lot more so I'm gaining weight so I
need to wear a hoodie to sweat off the
fat and he's just like what fat what are
you talking about he probably thought I
was fucking off like crystal meth or
something I was doing crazy I don't know
yeah
ya know yuan
she's a spice right pipe like muscle
listen so Scott comes up to me and he
goes hey I didn't recognize you what
said first thing he said and I said oh
yeah like of course that's one thing he
mentions and I said oh yeah like I'm
trying to lose weight so like I like
sweat more when I wear a hoodie and live
and well they do it to lose more weight
and sweat more and also because they
think it looks cooler and then Scott
goes he like starts a lot of things like
you lose weight and he started like
feeling my arm and he was like you
already plays so much basketball and I
thought I was gonna fucking take the
hoodie off my neck when he reached over
from my arm and I just started laughing
I said yeah but I've been eating a lot
more and I kind of feel myself getting
fat I literally told him that like face
to face and he's just looking at me like
I'm fucking crazy he's like what do you
mean you're getting fat and then guys oh
my god
she saw me doing the push all the way in
the corner oh my god she was literally
spying on me no this was the worst gym
trip of my life it was like a first
started out awkward then it got from
awkward to just fucking scary like I was
so scared but and then wait you know I
got asked up like starting this Tuesday
you're coming with me you're my
cheerleader again ai you I'm starting to
play basketball league this random guy
random hats guy came up to me he's like
hey you know I've seen you play over
here and we need more guards on your
team on our team so do you think you
could play and he fucking got my number
down and I'm playing every week now on a
team I have no idea who's on the team I
don't know the time he's sending me the
schedule now
I just bought a Jersey a green jersey
they're the green team like this screen
so I might did you hear me guys I I I'm
hyped why are you doing that with your
lips
why are you doing that guys my
girlfriend's highlight is on point
what do you look like a glazed doughnut
a hot glazed doughnut because I was
trying to take off my aux cord so I
could put my needle in there and it
wouldn't come out stop it and I hit
myself oh my god you look like the
glazed doughnuts but not old you buy
from a gas station like the ones they
actually make in the store the expensive
ones yes
let me see yeah thank you
you never compliment well what would
your mom do if she acts I saw it on my
name just tell them so I could just go
to your house and show her yeah yeah I
see what you're wearing in that calls
from you turn the camera off okay say
bye to them no hold on get up without
using your hands
no no just try just try okay get up get
up without using your hand
okay bye say bye bye guys bad or good
because if it's that is what you're
gonna tell me off camera bad or good
because if it's bad I'm never ending
this clip okay guys you're gonna be here
with me until my camera dies why is it
bad what I do know I didn't do anything
I don't care it's not bad whatever you
say it's not bad okay guys for what guys
I'm about to get yelled at by a glazed
doughnut thanks for the protein babe I
needed it no I don't like it but I
needed a smoothie I said thanks what are
you gonna cheer from you at my
basketball games
okay say it the same your lips look big
Bothwell I guess I'm playing in a
basketball league on Tuesday mom I just
found out literally like ten minutes ago
that I'm playing in a basketball league
every Tuesday I would know people I've
never played with before this guy at the
gym just came up to me because he said
he's seen me play out of the gym and he
said hey can like we want you to play on
our team we need guards I said okay and
like he just texted me way to get the
jersey and starting this choose it yes
so yes I love basketball
so guys yeah I guess like just like I
said at the gym the guy was just
throwing the idea around there
so I gave him my number and he actually
just called me in texted me to get a
jersey and he said I'm on the team I
just have to pay obviously he spoke with
the director of the league and they put
me on the team so and guys I've never
played with these people before I've
never played with these people before I
don't know who they are supposedly they
all work together in some company and
they play every single season
he said they lost a lot of their players
and he's seen me on play off the gym so
he wanted me to play with them look he
just sent me a sent me a text I guess
where the Green Team let me see you said
to get me a green jersey so there you
have it I guess every Tuesday for the
next three months or two months I'm not
sure I'm gonna be playing in a league
and men's sleeveless but Green Team yeah
guys usually I don't play with people
I've never played with before because
honestly chemistry is a huge part of how
well you do on the court usually if you
play with people you know and you play
with people who you're playing with
before then you do better than when you
play with people you've never
you've never shit at the court with but
I'm willing to try new things I love
basketball I have no idea which division
I have no idea how good the other people
are but like I said I fucking love
basketball so I wasn't going to turn
down this opportunity
I just need to buy Jersey and I'm on the
team now does that mean xxx la-33
fucking dollars fuck I look like and
shits ugly I got a plate looking fresh I
look ugly and green oh well you got to
do what you got to do what is this
fucking pink Oh red
oh well no bro I can't go out like this
look at the color that shit's thick as
hell I need something that at least
looks good or this this Tuesday on
camera on cam I asked Brian told me they
need more guards on the team hey Brian
your answer for what the league okay
guys just remember this the team needs
more guards Brian doesn't do anything on
Tuesday night I'm with me okay guys so
Monday morning right now first of all
for all you guys in school I know
Monday's a rough rough day so just stick
through it before you know it snap of
the finger it's gonna be Friday in the
weekend so get through it
trust me I know how you feel I graduated
high school so I went through four years
and all of middle school too and exit
three years of Monday's I know how you
feel but on a side note about ten
minutes ago I got the notification I got
the tweet that Danny Woodhead tore his
ACL and he is out for the whole entire
season
in case you are not familiar Danny
Woodhead San Diego Chargers running back
a huge part of our offense so you have
Danny Woodhead out for the whole year
week to second week of the year what
happened in week one Keenan on the
Chargers best wideout out for the whole
season before the season started Stevie
Johnson another Chargers wide receiver
out for the whole season with an injury
that's three big parts of our offense
Stevie Johnson Danny Woodhead
and Keenan Allen all got season-ending
injuries it's barely the second week
this the second week of the season isn't
even over Monday Night Football hasn't
even been played and the charges the
charges are fucking cursed bro like no
that shit's not even funny and then now
Jalil it dies out six to eight weeks
brother Chargers are cursed they
an injury curse and fuck bro yeah I just
wanted to get that off my chest so we
just learned that Danny Woodhead
yesterday when he got carted off the
charges were saying it might not be
season-ending and then BOOM today
notification one week after Keenan Allen
gets announced out for the whole season
oh no guys so we'll see what happens
with that anyways thank you so much for
watching my video I love you guys all
