I didn't ask
okay that's so what are we cooking for
breakfast spam spam steam yeah oh and
arrived it rhymes with rhyme ham uh-huh
onion where does the onion go I was
gonna go down
oh so to omelet I'm with onion tomatoes
ham and the spam on the side a Chargers
victory may be true
Bosley why are you so camera shy good
good looking breakfast what about
Bosley's Bosley dad you know I think a
good breakfast for you is to take a bite
from the onion he's gonna make an omelet
in the thing he didn't even taste the
onion you don't taste the onion mom mom
kiss my dad really quick
no just kiss him one time no mom just
kiss him good yeah go chargers hey who's
winning today chargers or jaguars mom my
haircut appointment got canceled worst
day of my life no not good
mmm worst phone call my wife that was my
barber calling me to tell me that cause
I already had an appointment today
it was my barber called me to tell me
that he can't make it into the shop
today because his wife is pregnant you
have to take her to the doctor's no the
babies aren't coming out was just an
appointment that you forgot to tell me
about so he scheduled me and then he
remembered he had to take her so but
yeah guys with no hair come I'm gonna
have to go into hiding until I do get my
hair cut like I'm have to go into
hibernation mode
you know how the you know how the
grizzly bears sleep during all of
winters at the middle let anyone see
them bugs she was crazy for me I'm
telling you guys if you're not someone
who goes to the barber shop consistently
you're gonna think I'm fucking crazy and
psycho you're gonna be like bro what the
fuck it's just a haircut but no all the
people that have been going to the same
barber for a while all the people that
actually care about their haircuts you
know exactly what I'm talking about
everyone else you're gonna think I'm
fucking crazy but trust me I'm
a lot of people know exactly how this
feels for the first time in almost four
years in three and a half years ever
since I graduated high school I've been
going to the same barber it's at the
same spot Tony I just made an
appointment and tomorrow I'm getting cut
by Paul Tony's friend in about I don't
know 24 hours or so I'm about to go sit
in a chair at the barber shop and get
cut by somebody other than Tony for the
first time ever since I was 17 years old
I'm 21 now like I needed to do this at
some point because when you're barbers
about to have triplets you can't expect
them to always be in the shop he's a
busy man fucking made the plug with
someone else I swear to God I can't go
to Tony you're not his wife is pregnant
and I don't how much come he had
triplets deep breaths panting deep
breaths every kiss and every touch
please don't mess up my haircut guys
leaving the gym ten minutes to my cut so
nervous fine are you guys eager to see
how my haircut turned out are you guys
eager to see how this new barber named
Paula did for my first time going to a
new barber in almost four years are you
guys eager to see three two tune in
tomorrow for part two of the vlog and
you guys can see how my barber did
anyways yeah in case you guys didn't
know me for what is Brandon no worries
I'm pretty crazy when it comes to my
haircuts I take this a little serious
about yeah I'm a little serious about
this stuff people call haircuts
okay guys so I just got out the shop but
I'm not gonna show you my hair right now
because everybody knows every true
barbershop fanatic knows you cannot
judge a haircut until after you take a
shower so I'm about to go home take a
shower wash my hair out wash my hair I
don't even have in here and then show
you guys the cut so everybody knows if
you judge a haircut right as soon as you
walk out of the shop you're not gonna be
happy you got to wait till you go home
shower dry your hair and then you'll see
it I honestly think he did a really good
job he was really nice I mean they're
not idiots it's just a different barber
so I was really happy with this work and
honestly I might be coming back to the
same dude I don't know
don't worry guys this is not Molly or
ecstasy or xanax I wish it was but it's
just fucking Advil I don't know pain
reliever fever do certainly nasal
decongestants whatever the fuck it's
called or is it now I'm just joking I
don't know it probably it is like
ecstasy or xanax I don't know but oh god
the smell of my fridge is nasty pop the
Molly upswing gold all the matching gold
all in my watch blow-dried comb
deodorant spray aftershave q-tip pill
oh I got one last thing ah I don't think
I could show this on camera because it
might get a gist er good but I'm about
to go trouble now in the bathroom really
quick cuz Jackie didn't get off till
7:00 and honestly I can't wait that long
no I'm just joking or am i joking God
let me be such a fucking idiot I don't
know my parents sure didn't raise me
like this I just grew up like this like
a idiot
okay guys so now you could see my hair
if you judge a haircut before you step
in the shower if you're one to judge
right when you see the mirror you know
when they give you the mirror in the
barbershop you ain't real well they give
me the mirror in the barbershop I just
hand it back to them I'm like nah I'll
judge it at home but now I'm just joking
I tell them bro I already know you did a
good job I don't need to see it you know
I guess them up I give the barbers hype
no but really the new barber shoutout
Paul he did a great job I was flipping
out I was tripping if you guys are wants
to go to the same barber for years you
know exactly what I'm talking about I
was so nervous going to a new barber
it's been almost four years since I've
been to one but no he did I didn't get
the full hook on the Parkes I don't want
that anymore so I just did like a small
like hit like imagine like a like that
rather than a so instead of
like that I got the usual skin taper in
the fade and you know once he gave me
the mirror back I trusted him enough I
was like you know what can you line up
the beard and the mustache so I got
cleaned up by this barber and I liked it
and honestly since Tony's wife is having
the triplets and he's gonna be having a
lot more time off obviously when the
babies come I'm glad to say that I now
have a option to go to when Tony's busy
so on dad you like my hair haha boswell
do you like my hair that guess how long
I waited I'll give you all hey it's the
longest I've waited in the past year 9
yeah
Bosley go yeah guys pregnancy ain't no
joke
so with Tony obviously already starting
to take some time off right now and
obviously he's gonna have to be taking a
lot more time off when the babies are
actually born and when his wife gets
closer to having the babies I'm glad
that I now found a barber who could take
his fall for a while I was really
nervous but it turned out okay so we've
got the cut we're fresh and don't think
too quick but bruh wadis might have a
new barber no guys I was nervous for no
reason this dude Paul did a great job
and I really liked it
so Paul shoutout see what I mean like
the hook used to be this long but I just
I don't want it that long anymore guys
so fucking ugly I literally went on like
a oh shit movie just favorited my tweet
shoutout D book I literally went on like
a snapchat modeling photo shoot by
myself of my new haircut that literally
looks exactly the same
as I get it every single week for the
past year it literally looks exactly the
same as when Tony Kahn and I went I felt
the need to go on like a little photo
show of me myself modeling I'm so
fucking ugly I just watched all the
clips that I put it I'm what time is it
12:30 a.m. so almost 1:00 a.m. I was
just about to start editing until I
realized I am starving okay I haven't
ate in hours I played all that bath wash
now all the time out
and I came home we don't really have any
food at home right now so somali go pick
me up some food I have no idea where I'm
gonna go yet but I'm starving so your
boys gotta go get some food I don't make
this quick everyone's asleep because I
haven't eat Bosley
what are you doing you loaf of bread
because everyone's asleep right now H I
got class tomorrow early so I need to
come back home eat and then edit I'm
gonna be up for a while but I need to go
to sleep soon
hey Boswell you want any food why do I
do this to myself I get back home from
the gym I like 11:30 on a school night
half school tomorrow get out the shower
at like 12:00 12:30 and then almost 1:00
a.m. I decide to go get me some food and
then come back home and Eddie I'm not
gonna be asleep till like 4:00 in the
morning guys I am ashamed of myself oh
my god there's a line too
I do not know why I'm here right now I
had so many other options
trust me I'm ashamed of myself I didn't
want to put this in the vlog but Here I
am it's time to reveal the place again I
do not know why I'm here but I was just
craving this honestly I was craving this
shit literally shit because that's what
this food is but it tastes good so I had
so many other options hide in the now
fucking subway I had so many other
better options and Here I am
Taco Bell oh well time to eat I'm
probably gonna shit myself right now you
know how babies piss themselves I'm
probably gonna have to go buy some adult
diapers before I go home I'm gonna shit
myself tonight I swear from Taco Bell
the shit's nasty but it tastes so good
1:03 a.m. SportsCenter ESPN Taco Bell
and editing life can't get any better
than this oh wait school tomorrow no
boxer today school in like eight hours
guys to top things off as if Taco Bell
tacos like actual food wasn't enough
how about talk about dessert these
things are so bomb honestly they're so
bad for you they're so greasy but they
taste
hmm God if I actually somehow wake up
tomorrow morning
like aka I don't have a heart attack in
my sleep that's actually a miracle like
that it would be a miracle for me to
actually wake up tomorrow alive and
breathing I'm eating so bad right before
I go to bed but anyways guys most almost
1:30 a.m. but I'm gonna get this done
anyways bro watts well thank you so much
for watching this video and I need to
get to work by the way in case I do die
from this
Taco Bell during my sleep I'll have my
mom host a raffle for which one of my
subscribers can take over my youtube
channel so stay tuned for that you guys
need to cross your fingers that I pass
away my sleep tonight
okay stop I can't even joke around about
how honestly I'm sorry God if that
looked like it was with my left hand it
wasn't it's just front camera so it came
out obviously I did that with my right
hand
