mom my haircut appointment got canceled
worst day of my life no not good I got a
phone call this morning it was honestly
like worst phone call my life it was my
Barbara calling me to tell me that cuz I
already had an appointment today
it was my Barbara called me to tell me
that he can't make it into the shop
today because his wife is pregnant so I
expected things like this to come up so
he had to take her to the doctor's no
the babies aren't coming out was just an
appointment that he forgot to tell me
about so he scheduled me and then he
remembered he had to take her so now
after reschedule and he's off to
Martha's day off so I have to wait X add
a mom that phone call when I heard it
like I know guys so yeah no haircut
today I know I was in dire need but
Bosley Boswell my haircut hey pay
attention it's important my haircut
appointment got cancelled yeah guys that
was honestly one of the worst phone
calls I've ever had to speak on like I
thought he was blinking my home on like
hey Brandon you know maybe I could take
you early today you know I'm gonna give
you a discount instead I get the news
that a be a brand and I can't make it
into the shop today and what I said was
oh it's fine Tony do what you got to do
you know I understand your wife is
pregnant in my head I was like so yeah
guys no haircut for me I'm about to hit
the gym right now just got back from
class
but ya guys know here come have to go
into hiding until I do get my hair cut
like I'm have to go into hibernation
mode for the next two days and I get
this cut kidding me I can't let anyone
see me except for out the gym cuz I
don't care people think at the gym but I
gotta go into hibernation mode not like
I go out anyways but I have to go into
hiding and I get my hair cut like you
know how the you know how the grizzly
bears sleep during all of winters the
middle let anyone see them fuck this she
was crazy for me I'm telling you guys if
you're not someone who goes to the
barber shop consistently you're gonna
think I'm fuckin crazy and psycho you're
gonna be like bro what the fuck it's
just a haircut but no all the people
that have been going to the same barber
for a while all the people that actually
care about their haircuts you know
exactly what I'm talking about everyone
else you're gonna think I'm fuckin crazy
but trust me I'm not a lot of people
know exactly how this feels yeah guys so
my barber Tony actually got the news
like last month that his wife is
pregnant with not one not two but three
he's having triplets and no he didn't
cancel the appointment because his wife
went into labor or anything like that
the babies aren't expected until like
February until a couple more months but
obviously when you're pregnant you have
a bunch of appointment and a bunch of
things you got to take care about the
doctors leading up to the day you
actually have the babies so I already
expected these types of things to happen
with my barber because first of all
already expect him to take months off
after his wife has the babies I expect
him to take a bunch of time off but I
also expected him to take certain days
off leading up to the pregnancy because
like I said no his wife did not go into
labor that is not why he cancelled out
that day but there's a lot of things
that you got to take care of before and
I already expect once he told me he was
gonna have triplets you know on the
outside I was like no congratulations
but on the inside I was like he's gotta
miss all my appointments now I'm just
joking that's actually a blessing to
have triplets like congrats to my barber
that's gonna be that's crazy how rare is
it to have triplets so I'm glad for him
and and I know he's excited so it's
gonna be a lot of money to take care of
triplets and a lot of time but you gotta
be excited
so congrats to my boy Tony
okay guys you thought the first phone
call was bad mom you thought the first
phone call was bad
god I just got a phone call at the gym
so when my first the first phone call
when my hair cut got canceled and then
Tony had a day off the next day I was
like okay can I just come the day after
and he said yeah so I made an
appointment for the day after whatever I
was just at the gym you know I'm repping
now and I get another call from Tony and
it was supposed to be my appointment
today and I was like you know hey what's
up Tony I was already thinking it was
something bad and he calls me and goes
hey you know like I'm so sorry but no
cuz he already has one son he's like 1
years old or two years old I'm not sure
he's like his babysitter flaked out on
him and she couldn't watch him so he has
to walk so he cancelled out again today
and I'll G he's like can I get you
tomorrow and I was like Tony honestly
I'm sorry but I kinda need a haircut
today like bah bah bah so here was the
craziest part of the phone call here was
something that I never expected to do
again in my life but for the first time
in almost four years in three-and-a-half
years ever since I graduated high school
I've been going to the same barber at
the same spot Tony only one guy has
touched my hair in four years almost and
I said Tony you know like I can't I have
to get a cut today and so he gave me his
homeys number and he's like oh well he
could take and take care of you he's
really good at cutting and you know
usually I'd be like fuck that no I'll
wait for you Tony but I got like I need
a haircut
so I took his number down and I just
made an appointment I just made an
appointment and tomorrow I'm getting cut
by Paul Tony's friend
so yeah guys that's the phone call I got
I'll never forget where I was I was I
was doing this workout for my shoulders
I kept the call in I'm just like Tony
I'm sorry but I need a cut like so he
gave me his boys number and I've
scheduled an appointment so in about I
don't know 24 hours or so I'm about to
go sit in a chair at the barbershop and
get cut by somebody other than Tony for
the first time ever since I was 17 years
old I'm 21 now I am nervous as hell okay
I'm nervous but honestly like like I
needed to do this at some point because
when you're barbers about to have
triplets you can't expect them to always
be in the shop he's a busy man so Oh
Tony I love you
our time was spent great together but I
just I need a cut and hopefully the
person you suggested to me does good
we'll see fuck I just wish the people I
just wish all of you guys understood my
boys who go get cuts often or you've
been going to a barbershop for a while
you know what I mean you know exactly
what I mean you can't switch up a barber
and not feel uncomfortable like I tried
guys I'm a man life videos done it's
edited uploaded you know I was in bed I
was trying to go to sleep and I just
can't man I have too much on my mind and
I need to go for those late night draws
you know where you go on those late
night drives and you just blast music
because you have too much on your mind
like I have to do that man I'm scared
for tomorrow now I'm just joking but
honestly I am kind of nervous but
Bryan's home let's see what Brian that's
the thing about Brian what are you doing
oh he just finished sucking some dicks
they're supposed to okay well let me
just tell you what I'm actually doing
tomorrow like you actually won't believe
it yes fit everything need to spit out
now because it's gonna spit all over you
know what you hear something surprising
an ego why like that's gonna be a
reaction what so tomorrow like you know
the usual having a kind of
ya know the time it's been eight days
Randy I'm cereal really how often you
get haircut every five uh five six days
at worse a week but now it's been eight
days and guess what like my Barbara
called today and he was like oh you know
I can't make it tomorrow to the shop so
you know I have to wait longer ya fuckin
made the point with someone else I swear
to god you're fucking lying I swear I'm
going to announce ready Tony I'm going
to that barber shop and I'm going to
someone I can't go to Tony you love it
his wife is pregnant and it keeps
happening I'm over it I'm Vanessa stop
and that right I was allowed to go to go
to the barber by now you can switch
Barton but well it's not my choice yeah
I want any person that I don't know how
much come he had triplets watched having
triplets guys all random guys listen
right listen button you know the late
night drives you vote on you bub music
cuz you're depressed like that's me what
I'm doing right now I'm so scared like I
try to go to sleep but I have too much
in my on my mind for tomorrow's haircut
the eyes for three years every single
week sometimes more than every week
sometimes more than once a week the same
Barbara I'm literally counting down the
hours for the appointment 14 more hours
till my first time in over three years
go into a different barbers yeah guys I
can't fall asleep so honestly by the way
the fuck are my keys you don't got the
keys keys keys keys keys keys
KJ's King of Kings will fuck are my keys
at I'm bothered just gone to late night
drive cry my fucking eyes out well
actually
unless someone stole my keys and just I
need to get ready guys I don't know if
I'm ready for this I'm gonna be like the
babies when they go to the barbershop
I'm gonna be crying and finding out the
chair saying no no I would honestly
rather let Bosley cut my hair
why do pregnancies have to be a thing
like why do people have to get pregnant
and why couldn't it last one day why
does that last nine months
I thought pregnancies were supposed to
be heartwarming not heartbreaking
because it's breaking my heart bro like
anyways you already know which album I
got to listen to on this Drive today
before you betray your Barbara three
years you need this on dick take care
Drizzy Drake about a bumping small birds
room shop for me are you trying to find
a barber to replace what Tony did for me
Tony you the man why'd you have to get a
pregnant can't you see that you made me
stay up all night worrying about what
the fuck is gonna happen and you the
reason why I can't get any sleep take a
shot for me
you left me desperate now I'm going with
another barber you gave me that call you
told me to hit up your money because he
could cut just as good as you I don't
believe that but I guess we just gotta
wait and see I couldn't believe what you
told me when you call me
you know that I don't deserve this Tony
I don't God you know when they say
you're when you're sad and depressed you
eat well here I am no thank you
can I can you actually give me one
minute to order please okay thanks
good you have to be really nice so that
they don't stain your food
always nice over charcoal okay I'm
actually ready and a small fries Thank
You Man appreciate it
oh shit please let me have my money oh
thank god Wow
it doesn't help out one of my most loyal
subscribers fucking tweeted this to me
right now why Panda why y'all I killed
me on Twitter like literally you're
making me so scared I've been going to
the same Harbor too long but I loved it
I never wanted to switch up and he got
his wife pregnant so he called me and he
told me to try to hit someone of that
cook up a hair he got his wife pregnant
so she flaked on me
those safeties better and tough being
athletes I'm just saying you could have
got her pregnant later but why did it
have to interfere with my hair
only notice hold that you never believe
me I told you I haven't been to another
barber in three years if not more I'm
being generous but you're a perfect
barber and I like it but I really I
really don't know how about a step into
that barber shop without crying bro like
i'ma see his empty chair
MAGIX but I have the worst fucking
nightmare tonight why you want some shit
no I asked you down behind a ditch a
burger and six chicken stars no chickens
worth your recording but wait imagine
what nightmare I'm gonna have recording
no no I swear you often lose II know
it's not recording max experience it
just imagine the nightmare no it can't
imagine imagine Tibet haircut every
tomorrow from you actually switch
barbers no I can't wait when you gotta t
why look that's my new dresser and the
TV moved there it's actually nicer like
this why but is that a bigger TV TV and
like I get some Adam West David works on
him yeah David West do you know him yeah
the basketball ah guys first of all
Brian left the kitchen light open I
can't even begin to think what kind of
nightmare I'm gonna have tonight fuckin
I'm gonna have a nightmare of me going
into the barbershop and Bosley I hear
you oh there you are
I heard you but I didn't see you it's
just me Bosley come here come in my room
come in I can already see my nightmare
happening right now I walk into the
barbershop and the barber is gonna be a
fucking clown and he's gonna fuckin put
me on the chair give me the worst
haircut of my life and then fuckin kill
kill me and put a fucking red clown nose
on me while I'm dead on the chair
they're all laughing at me and then my
real Barbara comes in with his wife and
the babies
hey Boswell guys I tried Bosnian here
look I even brought his bed so that he
could come for me throughout this night
12:15 and your boy still can't fall
asleep because he's thinking about its
haircut Bosley I'm getting a haircut by
different barber tomorrow and I don't
want to know I don't have any food stop
looking at my hand guys you know what
this night feels like it feels like the
night before I'm going to court for my
trial like whether I get death penalty
or no that's how scary this sleep is
going to be deep breaths panting deep
breaths in and out and and Elle
okay guys so a couple hours away from my
appointment I just got out of class I
went home
threw on my basketball shoes my gun my
shoes are ruined
anyways threw on my basketball shoes and
you know I rewarded myself you know when
you're really nervous before a baby goes
to a doctor's appointment or the parent
buys them like a fucking I don't know
ice cream or like a small toy so I
pretended to be my own parent and you
know I was just talking to myself I was
like Brandon it's okay you know here
we'll go to chickling we'll go get you a
shake so I went to chick-fil-a mmm I got
myself Oreo shake to kind of come while
my back seat is so dirty myself some
chick-fil-a to calm myself down and
about eight days go to the gym play some
basketball
got the new barber is definitely gonna
mess up my hair imagine I'm gonna go
play basketball in sweat and then I'm
gonna go to the barber shop so he's
gonna be like you have the nerves come
to your first appointment sweating like
crazy fuck you I don't know if I'm gonna
get the part back because like I just
want to make this as simple as possible
for the new barber and I'll do
everything that I usually do when Tony
comes back but I'm nervous as hell every
kiss in every touch please don't mess up
my hair cut I might not even ask for an
edge up I'm not even asked for a line up
because I'm scared that he's gonna fuck
it up so I might honestly just say hey
can you just--can tape for the sides and
fade it in and that's it like I don't
even know if I'm gonna touch the beat I
don't know I kind of want to go early to
watch how he the dude before me I don't
know guys it's not even about oh I used
to have the best ballroom now I'm going
to a worse one it's just about when you
go to a certain barber no matter how
good or bad they are they learn your
hair and they master how to cut your
hair like when I go to Tony I don't even
have to tell him what type of heck I'll
just stay in the gym he would
automatically know it's not about oh my
old barber used to be the best one in
the world and that's why I can't trust a
new one it's all about knowing your head
and knowing your hair Tony my old barber
knew my head perfectly and my hair so
who knows this barber might be better
than Tony but he doesn't know my hair as
well
so that's the big difference it's not
about oh one is better than one is worse
it's just about how well they know you
okay guys we're here with someone who
you guys might have missed you guys
probably miss him a lot
he hasn't been in my videos for a couple
weeks grind this to real work school he
just started life at a university
shoutout to the run why the squad 3 in
the building shoutout
he's got San Diego State now full-time
also units 18 units also working also
maintaining his Afghan basketball league
so we missed him but uh you know no
haircut for three weeks just like
Brandon three weeks I would not leave
the house that's what we're here to talk
about I just told him the news that I'm
gonna go get cut by a different barber
for the first time in three years with
it's a tragedy he's so stressed out he's
not gonna even let them line them up or
anything it's like someone I have gray
hair it's like growing just today like
and it's not that my haircuts hard my
hair gets really simple just to fade and
you know doesn't trust anybody else I
didn't Tony yet allowance of my own ears
triplets yeah shout out Tony and his
pregnant wife totally pull out game week
and now look at me stressing oh man
shooting good bullets if yes that's what
I'm saying I went to me at once like I
thought I was strong fuck so yeah all
these actually I wish I could play with
him today but where you headed right now
it's a 11 o'clock head to school I got
class at 12:30 so class all day but I'm
there too real
I wouldn't on my shoulders yesterday
hates the holder phone so I'm playing
solo today got one so I'm gonna get one
hopefully in a couple weeks you know
that's been a oh no I won't know all he
was actually going consistent like every
two weeks ago one of our bananas will
get back to the haircut it's all good
shoutout down to the Broadwater squad it
was nice talking to you guys help
everything is well CSU we out how we're
building the outside Oh baby
ok guys leaving the gym 10 minutes to my
cut so nervous right now bro everybody
knew when I told them at the gym they're
like bro you're actually going to a
different barber oh my gosh whatever but
it's time to do this
hey everybody needs to change barbers at
some point well not really but I just
like that saying everybody needs a new
barber at some point whatever are you
guys eager to see how my haircut turned
out are you guys eager to see how this
new barber named Paula did for my first
time going to a new barber in almost
four years are you guys eager to see
alright hold on I don't know if I'm
ready to show you guys I don't know it
was a little crazy but we'll give you
three seconds three two tune in tomorrow
for part two of the vlog and you guys
can see how my barber did now but really
I'm not going to show you guys today I
hope you guys enjoyed part one of the
vlog the suspense was real I was fucking
mm-hmm I did not like that at all
I'm not talking about the hair I'm
talking about the suspense leading up to
it it was making my stomach churn not
turn you know when people churn butter
that's what I was making it and if you
guys want to see my haircut and just
kind of follow along for even more
suspense tomorrow part two I can't
believe I'm doing this you guys but you
guys gotta wait till tomorrow I'll try
to have it early uploaded but if not you
guys gotta wait for tomorrow thank you
guys so much for watching this video I
hope you guys enjoyed I just wish
everybody understood because now like
90% of y'all are gonna think I'm fuckin
crazy but hey what can I do only some of
you guys are going to understand this
pain this feeling that I have or what I
went through yesterday but thank you
guys so much for watching I love you
guys all you guys are the best
heroes so in case oh that's someone open
my fucking door see I'm going crazy I'm
going cuckoo for cocoa puffs cuckoo for
fucking barbershop but anyways yeah in
case you guys didn't know me bruh wha
T's Brandon Awad is I'm pretty crazy
when it comes to my haircuts I take this
a little seriously yeah I'm a little
serious about this stuff people call
haircuts
