what is going on you guys braving here
hey everyone and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video
now I haven't done one of these NBA
videos in a really really long time
because I was waiting for some crazy
news to happen before I made another NBA
video and what do you know I'm laying in
bed yesterday have just woke up
scrolling through my NBA newsfeed and
what do I see something that I will
never ever ever expect to see in a
million years something that when I saw
I think my eyes was kind of like rolled
out of my eye sockets for a little bit
and then rolled back in I wake up to
seeing a picture of LeBron James in a
Golden State Warriors jersey titled
something like LeBron James will
entertain the idea of joining the
Warriors in the off season or something
like that something crazy like that and
you know I'm sitting there like wow what
did I just see where did this come from
the first thing I do is try to find the
source see if it's a trusted source and
the first thing I notice is that you
know it didn't come from any reputable
source but we'll get more into that
later so as a lot of you guys saw
there's a huge rumor going around you
know ESPN LeBron James will meet with
the Golden State Warriors it's offseason
and will entertain the idea of joining
the Warriors I mean if this isn't the
definition of it you can't beat them
join them and I don't know what is for
today's video I'm going to get into what
I think about all this
weather I think it's going to happen or
not and pretty much can this even happen
and first and foremost I'm gonna start
off by saying that I don't know if you
guys saw the little interview with Kevin
Durant when the reporters asked him what
he thought about LeBron James showing
the Warriors and the first thing he said
was bullshit yeah I kind of have the
same answer today and here's why the
first thing and this is what a lot of
people do not understand trust me
yesterday when I was playing basketball
at the dam there was a huge topic of
discussion with everybody I talked to Oh
Brendan did you hear about LeBron James
maybe going to the Warriors and the one
thing I noticed about all these people
is that they don't really understand how
salary cap works they don't really
understand how you know maybe in some
other sports if you want to play you
just sign them and get them but in the
NBA there's a salary cap you know
there's a limit to how much you can
spend if you spend over there's very
punishments stuff like old the Warriors
just signing LeBron James it doesn't
work like that so first of all let's get
into that if the Warriors want to keep
Steph Curry Kevin Durant draymond Green
and klay Thompson and then sign LeBron
James the only way he can sign is if
they sign them with their mid-level
exception for five million dollars or if
they sign them with their van minimum
for two million dollars now I know a lot
of kids out there I'm probably be
sitting there like wow five million
dollars or two million dollars that's so
much money but let's settle down for a
little bit LeBron James is eligible to
make around 40 million dollars this
upcoming season 40 million dollars I'm
sorry I don't care how nice of a human
you are I don't care how much money
you've made in your career previously
nobody unless they are on heavy heavy
drugs is going to turn down nearly 40
million dollars to take 2 million
dollars I don't care how many
championships you're gonna win I don't
care how much fun you're gonna have
playing with your enemies if that even
makes sense but there's no one on this
earth who will turn down 40 million
dollars for two million dollars it just
does not happen people have families
people have friends and people have
themselves that they try to help out and
they try to raise and you just don't
turn down that kind of money that's the
first problem
ok then you look at this ok well Brandon
can they trade some players to make room
to sound LeBron James well the problem
with the Warriors is that the players at
base time are mostly on vent minimum
contracts they're mostly you know lower
salary players so they can't really
trade them because that would create too
much room but they do have two players
that they can trade away to make a
little bit more room and that is Shaun
Livingston and Andre Iguodala they make
a decent amount of money to where if you
trade them away you can maybe make a
little bit move to sound LeBron James
but let me tell you what I mean by a
little bit more room if you trade Linux
in if you train Iguodala and if Kevin
Durant is generous enough to not take
his 35 to 40 million dollars yearly
salary then that creates 16 million
dollars of CAP space in which LeBron
James
Kevin Durant can split they can share
and once again you know 16 million
divided by 2 that's 8 million dollars
each that may sound like a lot of money
to all of us but there's no way in hell
that Kevin Durant and LeBron James are
turning down almost 40 million dollars
each that's 80 million dollars combined
so they can split 16 million so they
each turn down 40 million dollars so
they could get 8 mil apiece
there's no way that anybody would ever
do there's just no way I'm sorry and
that is only possible by the way if they
trade Sean let me sit and Andre Iguodala
like I mentioned which by the way if
you're offering Sean let me send Andre
Iguodala to a team so you could sign
LeBron James why would that team even
help you out
there's no team that's gonna be like oh
yeah sure I'll take on James also that
you could sign LeBron James sure it will
help you out Golden State even though
you're already the best team in the
league and one of the best teams in NBA
history teams teams are not going to
take on Andre Iguodala Shaun Livingston
because they don't help them out now
listen there's another way the Padres
could solve the Warriors and make his
max out and make his 35 to 40 million
dollars that's called either Trading
Steph Curry or Kevin Durant without
getting anything in return
aka that's not going to happen that is
not going to happen the Golden State
Warriors would be foolish to trade Steph
Curry or Kevin Durant's on LeBron James
and makes no sense so then you look at
klay Thompson technically they could
trade klay Thompson away without getting
anything in return and that would make a
little bit more space to sign LeBron
James but it would still not create the
max law but if they trade clay and
draymond that would create the max loss
and that would also be extremely stupid
to do because why would you trade you
know two players that clearly fit into
the system it's been working and just
you know the lawyers are not dumb if it
ain't broke don't fix it and they're not
broke right now and you know if you're a
Warriors fans would think setting to
trade Steph Curry or Kevin Durant's on
LeBron James sorry to burst your bubble
but that's not gonna happen
I don't know how this was kind of funny
to me you know when I first saw the
article that it was just like wow LeBron
and the Warriors Jersey you know it
looks crazy but me and my head I know
there's no way that it could happen it's
just not possible so then I look at the
that's expecting to see the same you
know mindset that I have like oh that's
cool but it's not going to happen and I
never realized how many people just
don't really understand how the NBA
works it's like people oh my god this is
gonna happen it's gonna be crazy
Powerball look there and think there are
rules in the NBA and not to mention
remember when the Lakers were about to
trade for Chris Paul
Commissioner Knicks that trade he didn't
let it happen what makes you guys think
that the Commissioner will allow LeBron
James to sign with the Warriors straight
up there's I don't know guys to me what
this looks like and I think it's pretty
obvious I expected a lot more people to
be saying it like this this looks like a
rumor started from LeBron scam they
started by the bronze people for a
couple of reasons number one and the
most obvious reason that I think so is
to kind of pressure the Cavs to scare
the Cavs into making some trades you
guys if you've watched any basketball
this season you know the Cavs have been
heavily underperforming they have not
been playing up to their potential and
it looks like they're in trouble for the
first time in a really really long time
it looks like the Cavs might have some
trouble even making it to the finals I'm
not talking about winning the finals I'm
saying even making it out of the East
and LeBron scamp is sitting there like
yo the trade deadline is in less than a
week on the Cavs are making moves so
this looks like a rumor started by
LeBron side to kind of be like yo Cavs
you don't make a move you know LeBron
would leave and so this kind of
pressures them into maybe trading that
Brooklyn Pig may be doing something to
replace Kevin Love in the meantime
because he's out for two months that's
the most obvious reason that I think
this rumor was started another reason I
don't know I don't believe this one is
true but I guess it could be true that
this was started from LeBron site to
kind of tamper with the Warriors
chemistry you know LeBron in his camp
are sitting there watching the Warriors
like yo this team is with Jay this team
is good and what can we do to stop and
maybe just
chemistry Alan I don't know if I believe
that but that kind of crossed my mind
maybe another reason would be that
LeBron has already made a decision that
he wants to leave Cleveland and so maybe
if he joins you know LA or if he joins
Houston a team like that then he would
get less backlash because that people
would be like oh Lisa didn't join the
Warriors and look I know my theories
sound crazy but trust me I'm not gonna
even act like I know everybody in the
NBA but I've met a lot of people that
either play in the NBA work for the NBA
coach the NBA I know a lot of people I'm
close to some of them and the NBA works
like this people will create rumors for
all we know LeBron could have started
this rumor himself players and and play
your side whether it be family or just
you know their agents and management
they will start rumors like this to try
to get their way and to get what they
want whether it be a trade for the Cavs
whether it be that LeBron are to know
that he's leaving and he wants to
receive less hate for joining the
different team trust me I've heard and
I've seen crazier rumors started from
people who work in the NBA this rumor
was most likely not even created by the
media it was not started by the media
right now out of 100 I would give this a
0.00001% chance of it happening a lot of
people can see here and be like oh well
this is what we said about Kevin Durant
and Kevin Durant ended up on the
Warriors there's one difference though
Kevin Durant's the warrior is sounded
really really crazy it sounded extremely
bogus but the one thing everybody's
forgetting is that it was possible the
Warriors had the flexibility at the time
to at least bring in Kevin Durant
so it sounded crazy but at least it was
possible now with LeBron it's just not
really possible there there's no way
they could create that flexibility
unless they traded one of Stefan KD or
maybe they traded clay and draymond
together so I don't know this is
extremely different than when come to
enjoin the Warriors but if it does
happen like Kevin Durant also said it's
MBA crazy things happen who knows maybe
somehow someway it will happen I would
be shocked and probably never watch
another basketball game in my life it
would just be super boring you know I'm
not gonna lie I would watch the first
warriors came together I would watch
LeBron James on the Warriors and then
after that I would only watch Phoenix
Suns games I'll never ever watch another
basketball I mean just Phoenix Suns
games and I don't know if it happens it
happens so be it but in my head it's
just not gonna happen
you know even even if LeBron does decide
to sign them I doubt the Commissioner
actually would let that happen anyways
guys let me know what you guys think
about all this in the comment section
down below I'm really curious to hear
what you guys have to say about all this
I just wanna apologize one time
if you know you're not a basketball fan
at all but you're a fan on my channel
I've tried to stay away from NBA videos
this was such big news that would
freaking affect the NBA in the craziest
way that I just had to make a video for
me it's been months since I made an NBA
video so please forgive me but at the
same time you know I'm Brandon aka
virata's I love the NBA and sometimes
you gotta do what you love if I want to
make an NBA video then I'm gonna have to
make one but I do apologize if you
didn't find this entertaining you know
there was no crazy stunt pool crazy
prank or you know entertaining vlog it
was just kind of my thoughts and stuff
nonetheless I hope you guys still enjoy
just like I hope you enjoyed all my
other videos please drop a like on this
video if you enjoyed subscribe to the
channel if you are new I'm Brandon aka
virata's and I love you guys all peace
never ever find the right word there is
no way this is
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
