what is going on everybody Brandon here
aka bruh waters before I start this
video I just want to say first off I
hope everybody's okay hold on first of
all I was gonna try to hide this shit
during the video but honestly it's too
fucking big so whatever yes it's there
okay now everybody knows is there now
let's keep it moving
first of all I hope everybody's having a
great bro okay honestly the thing was
that bad I hope everybody's having a
great Friday okay in San Diego right
here the weather is beautiful it's a
beautiful day not too hot not too cold
the Sun without sun is shining so I hope
it's a beautiful day where you're from
weekend's about a star so all you people
in school Friday is the best day there's
no doubt about it Friday when that bell
rings oh shit the lizard is watching me
record fuck you bitch
Friday as soon as that last bell rings I
could only imagine the smile on all your
guys's faces so let me just tell you
what type of videos this is going to be
this type of video is not going to be
much of a entertainment video or a
fun-filled video like you guys say this
video is going to be more of a Bravada
shows his appreciation to his fans the
reason I wanted to make this video is
because inside only met Bryan I tried to
hide him and right when I tell the
camera I was like you know what it's
there it's into the headstone now your
first hands when you are close okay well
yikes give it to me no guys yeah it's
actually really bad in hey Boswell okay
guys so here let's get settled into the
room you know it's not Abra Waters video
not in the room I don't leave the house
for any of my vlogs anyways by the way
for everyone who thinks is the same fake
gold chain that I always wear no I just
bought this one it's fucking real from
Kay Jewelers I was so depressed on the
way back home driving because I spent so
much fucking money on it I hated myself
but yep no more faithful chain the
legend of the fake gold chain will live
on gone but never forgotten
r.i.p fake gold chain now that there's a
real one there's a video on that coming
soon so tune in okay so in today's video
um I just want to give my thanks
I kind
wanna give back in words to what each
and every single one of you guys mean to
me if you follow me on Twitter I tweet
all the time you know I love you guys
thank you for your support if it weren't
for you guys I wouldn't be anywhere near
where I am today and not just as a
youtuber but as a person but that's
Twitter okay
sometimes on Instagram I'll talk about
it too but you figure on Twitter I have
I don't know 100 150 thousand followers
Instagram I got like 250,000 and then
you come to YouTube where I have almost
1.1 million subs and I feel like I don't
say it enough in videos I feel like I
don't tell you guys how much I love you
how much you mean to me on video so I'm
here to do just that and and the reason
I feel like I don't say it as much on
videos because I'm always joking if you
guys have been a longtime subscriber or
even a longtime watch or even if you're
not subscribed of myself you know I'm
always joking I'm always sarcastic
there's hardly ever any video so there's
hardly ever a time in my videos around
being serious where I have when I'm
talking on a serious no I'm always
joking I'm always trying to have fun in
being sarcastic
so I feel like I don't really mention
the you know you guys means so much to
me but it needs to be said I know I love
you guys but I want you guys to know it
too so I just want to start off by
saying that if you have ever ever ever
supported me in any way whether that's a
simple follow on Twitter whether that's
a simple like on my picture whether
that's a simple thumbs-up on a video or
let's not even talk about internet if
you've just ever you know believed in me
on your own or if you've ever sat back
and realize like like damn that dude
before this is a role model to me or wow
I love his videos even if you don't show
it on the internet but you think it to
yourself I love you guys you guys are
the reason I'm here today sure I upload
it daily sure I got help from my brother
sure I stay up all night editing but if
you guys aren't watching and you guys
aren't supporting me I would not be
where I am today and I just feel like I
need to tell you guys that more often
like I said I say it on Twitter but only
a couple hundred thousand people see
that I say on Instagram again only 200
thousand people see see that I don't say
it as much on YouTube where I have
hundreds of thousands of people watching
my videos
every day you guys deserve to hear it
because if it wasn't for you guys I
would not be anything and I'm not
talking only as a youtuber you guys have
helped me grow as a man you better help
me see things in such a different puzzle
eyes that no matter what I do and I said
this before so if you watch my videos
for a long time you heard me say this no
matter what I do no matter how great my
content is which I don't even think is
all that great I'm just going about what
you guys say so thank you for that
anyways no matter how much I upload no
matter if I double upload every single
day I just feel like I can never ever
give back to you guys as much as you've
given back to me you guys have given me
happiness you guys have shown me support
you guys have given me guys you realize
that when I feel down or upset oranges
for whatever reason I'm just really not
feeling like I'm in the mood to do
anything like I'll tweet and you guys
will be there for me like that
like I'll tweet all I'm feeling down not
exactly but you know I'll tweet
something like that and you guys right
away what's wrong if you need someone to
talk to I'm here and and iMessage
telling you guys just there are some
fans out there that I'm comfortable
enough to like to like tell my problems
to that I don't even tell my real-life
friends like there are some real-life
friends that text me saying hey what's
wrong and I won't reply or I won't tell
them but then there's some fans where I
I go myself because I know that you guys
are like I've seen your Twitter names or
I've seen your youtube name in the
comment section so I know you guys have
been such loyal subscribers and I trust
you guys so much because you guys have I
said it before you guys are like a
second family so if I wake up and I tell
my mom I love her if I tell my dad I
love it and if I see my brother and you
know I give him a hug and I tell my
loving you guys are literally just a tad
below that you guys are my second family
like I love you guys so much and these
are words coming out of my mouth and I
wish I could do more to show you how
much I love you guys but I just can't
you know like they're a lot of you guys
are in different countries a lot of you
on different parts of the world
different parts of the United States in
different time zones there's just no way
if I could
would grab each and every single one of
you guys who's ever supported me and
gave you the biggest hug ever because
when I said you guys have changed my
life you guys have changed my life okay
you made me a better person you made me
a better man you made me grow up you
made me more mature I'm not really
mature but you know what I mean
you've just you made me look at life in
such a different perspective ever since
I started this whole YouTube thing so
once again the reason I made this video
is just like I feel like you guys don't
hear it enough from my mouth and I love
you guys if you haven't heard me say
that recently or if you don't follow me
on Twitter and you only watch my videos
look at me I love you guys if you've
ever supported me whether that's on
social media whether that's through the
internet or whether that's just you you
know talking to your parents or your
friends saying hey I watch robot no
matter what it is if you've ever
supported me in any way shape or form
just know that when you see me smile and
when you see me happy and when you see
me walk around and recording everything
you were a part of what made me like
this because I wasn't this happy before
and I wasn't this like into everything
that I do like you guys just don't you
would never understand how much you've
changed my life that's all I'm gonna say
if I had a way to make you understand I
would but the most I could do is just
talk I could I could try to tell you
with words and and it just won't work
you guys will never understand and I
wish you guys did trust me but you guys
will never understand exactly how much
you guys mean to me you guys will never
understand how much I talk about you
guys to my friends and to my family I
wish you guys I wish I had my head
turned like this and you guys were
talking to my friends one-on-one and you
asked them hey how much does barely talk
about his fans or supporters they would
be like oh my god like I want you to
hear an answer from their mouth and or
maybe ask my mom and I always all day
like mom I love my fans like I feel like
like I feel like for some of you guys
for a lot of you guys if I saw you like
out in public we could just talk and
talk as if I've known you for 10 years
and sometimes I do I'll see a fan and
we'll go out to eat and we'll talk or
you've seen some
Ryan by fans to the house and I just
chill with them for a day because my
goal when I make my videos is I don't
want you guys looking up at your screen
whether that's on your phone or TV or
laptop or whatever I don't want you
looking up and thinking oh I'm watching
someone famous or I'm watching a
big-time youtuber or I'm watching a
celebrity know how I want you guys to
see it is I'm watching my friend bro
wadis and when you guys see me in public
when you come up to meet me just like
I'm their friend and I love that because
that's my goal when I make my videos I
wanna i want you guys when you're
watching me to feel as if not like
you're watching some like famous dude i
want you guys to feel like hey i'm
watching my friend who makes videos yeah
i want you i want to make my videos feel
like you guys are right there with me so
that when you see me and even if you
don't ever see me you just feel like
we're friends and that's why i tried to
like favorite everybody's tweets i try
to reply to some people i just i don't
know i don't know how to say i just want
you guys to feel like you're closer than
just fans i don't want you to feel like
oh we are just his supporters yeah you
guys can look at it as you're my
supporters but we're also his friends
that's what I see people people who have
helped me through my dark times people
who have put a smile on my face I see
those people off as friends and what
have you guys done you guys have been
there for me am i worse you guys have
supported me through my dark times and
you guys are the reason that I have a
smile on my face every single day Jackie
I love Jackie to death she's a huge part
of that my family I love him I love my
brother my mom I got it
I fucking love balls at you but honestly
fuck balls but I love it
it's the one and only giggle EE and they
they are a huge reason why I have a
smile on my face and they're a huge
reason why I'm happy every single day
but you know what completes that so
there are three corners of the circle
you know what completes that last piece
you guys you guys anyways I feel like
I'm talking too much I'm ranting too
much I fucking love you guys I wake up
every single day and I realize how
blessed I am to be able to have a
following of people who they seriously
some people I look at them and I'm just
like me
like you guys look up to me like I'm
your role model or when people tell me
I'm their inspiration or they want to be
like me I just want to fucking it I'm
just like come here and I just want to
give them a huge hug because I've never
been that to anybody guys when I started
my youtube channel every time I would
upload a video or every time I would
record a video even to this day every
time I'm recording or editing my goal is
just how can I make people laugh you
know a lot of people tell me I'm a funny
person so I figured okay how can I make
these people laugh because you know what
happens when you laugh you get happy a
smile makes someone happy someone
laughing when you hear something funny
and you laugh for those even if the
laugh lasts a couple of seconds or even
a minute it makes you just focus on you
know although so funny rather than
anything else that's going on in your
life whether that's good or bad so I
always try to make people laugh and
that's my ultimate goal just how can I
make people laugh the fact that people
are telling me hey man you know you make
me laugh and you also make like you also
make my day so much better and you also
are a role model to me and you also
helped me get through this and that I'm
just like Bravo thank you like my goal
was just to make you laugh so the fact
that I'm making people laugh and doing
all this extra that crazy says when
people tell me like oh I was on the
verge of you know doing something like
harming myself which I believe is never
an option don't ever do anything to
purposely hurt yourself because there's
other ways to get through things but
when people tell me I'm just like fuck
and it really makes me like sit back and
and I don't know guys it's just crazy
but I go when I start on my youtube
channel even to this day every time I
record a video is just oh I hope I can
make people
laughs so when people tell me like hey
you made me laugh and you also got me
through this and that I'm just so
grateful for what I'm able to do and
it's crazy because I never understand it
myself
like I'm an idiot like I don't get how
I'm capable of doing that but I love you
guys so much for allowing me to be that
person to you guys I never in a million
years would think that I would be the
person who would be able to help people
get through things and I love it because
I've always been that person in my heart
but I never believed I would have the
power to actually do something about for
example if someone's like feeling down
and I have the ability to make them
happy I've always wanted to do that but
I just didn't have the the higher I
didn't have the power to be able to do
that and and now that like fuck I'm
getting too emotional I swear but you
get what I mean I'm just what I mean is
I'm just really really grateful for the
position I've been put in today and you
see this tattoo yeah the same humble
part is important but also count your
blessings because I'm blessed to be in
this position I am today I've never been
that to anybody
my whole life so the fact that there are
so many people that and the fact that
you guys care so much about me and care
so much about what I do like honestly
think about it guys all I do is fucking
make videos about what I do every day
you guys have the choice never to watch
them why should you guys care about me
what have I done for you nothing you
guys don't owe me anything but the fact
that you guys stick with me and you
watch every video I post and you're so
interested in my life and you tweeny or
you comment saying oh can you do this
and I'd like to watch you do this or pay
for your next video can you do this the
fact that you guys are so interested in
what I do is just crazy to me because
like I said I haven't done anything for
you guys I haven't helped your family
out I haven't paid your guys's bills so
you guys don't owe me shit you guys
don't have to do anything for me so the
fact that you're choosing to watch my
videos and you're choosing to subscribe
and you're choosing to drop a thumbs up
you're choosing to support somebody who
you don't even know in person you guys
all have good hearts you guys all have
big hearts and and like I said for the
millionth time there's no way god I'm
honest about the crime um I am crying
I don't know if you can see by so I'm
about to cry um there's no way I could
thank you enough
there's even if I gave every single
person ever watch my videos $100 even if
I gave everybody whoever watched my
videos a hug or if I gave you a gift
there's just no way you could ever
understand how much you guys have
changed my life and I needed to make
this video I could have just put this at
the end of a vlog like okay guys I love
you so much
peace know I needed to make this video
because my goal when I made this video
was to try to make all my fans and all
my supporters realize how much they mean
to me and how much I love them but
halfway through the video I realized
words cannot do that I have to find a
different way to do that and I don't
think it's possible you guys will never
know how much I love you guys but just
know that it's a lot
it is a lot I can't keep going guys on
I'm gonna start crying and I don't want
to do that right now I hope you guys
enjoy your Friday I hope you enjoyed
this video it wasn't much of an
entertainment video where you're gonna
sit there with popcorn or whatever just
know this smile this ugly smile you guys
are Oh just know this laugh I know let
me do it up closer you guys just know
this laughs you guys are the reason that
I even laughs so thank you guys so much
for watching this video and thank you
again for all the support you guys
showed me it doesn't go unnoticed and
the fact that Boswell Boswell look at
that sad old ball sack on them the fact
that oh oh my god that's embarrassing I
came I'm sorry there's there's okay
whatever no the fact that I went from a
nobody with no friends to having over
1.1 million or almost 1.1 million people
that I call my friends and that I could
cuz there's even some fans that idea and
I'm like hey which thumbnail should I
use for my video you guys know who you
are there's even some fans that I DM and
I'm like hey you know I'm going through
this and that what should I do to get
through and they give me advice and I
thank them there's some like okay I'm
getting to Kate away I fucking love you
guys so much I love the sun's - I
fucking love the sun's but I love you
guys - I love you guys and just know
that if you think you haven't done any
good in your life or
you're sitting in bed saying oh how can
I help someone today stop you've already
helped me you've given me so much
happiness and you've been a part of my
success and my happiness you it's you oh
my god I'm such a bad singer no actually
I'm not bad but yeah guys so you ever
think that you haven't done any good in
your life or if you haven't ever helped
anybody out that's wrong cuz you've
helped one person and that's me for what
is I'm out I love you guys so much and
thank you for everything you do for me
Oh guys and one last thing before I go
you know how people say oh I love my
fans I love my supporters and you know
they just say it look at me in the eyes
okay look at Brandon aka April Wallace
when I say I love you guys when I say I
fucking love you guys and that you guys
means so much to me tell me you can't
tell that it's different than when
everybody else says it because I mean it
I mean it I'm not just tongue it out
there I fucking mean it look at me I
love you guys look at me in the eye look
at me face to face and you could tell
I'm being a hundred percent serious and
and no 110 percent I love you guys my
little too big that's where oh well I'd
rather have big lips and small lives you
know feel me get that Kylie Jenner
injections fuck that I rather just have
business I feel like people just toss
the word I love you guys so much you got
mean so much to me because they already
had a lot of friends growing up they had
a lot of people who supported them they
had a lot of people who have their back
but for me was the complete opposite you
guys are the first set of people who are
my friend you guys are the first set of
people who have my back to everything
you guys are the first set of people who
tell me hey you could do this and I
support you and I respect you and let me
tell you that set of people is fucking
big over 1 million people so guys when I
say I love you I'm not just throwing a
word around it's not just a word it's a
feeling you got that's perfect when I
say I love you those are a three words
it's not just a phrase I'm saying that
from my I don't want to say from my
heart but that's my body speaking it's
not my mouth it's my body I love you
guys and that's coming from my my like
it's coming from me not just my mouth I
don't know if that makes sense but thank
you guys so much
thank you and I'll tell you every single
second of the day if I have to wait guys
before I end this video I just have one
last thing to say in and I just I mean I
have to have to say this and well here
goes
why you gotta fight with me at
cheesecake why you gotta fight with me
why you gotta fight with me and cheese
