guys I'm bout to start editing this
video and if you can't tell from my
voice I just had my glass of orange
juice I got my box of tissues I need to
take some nyquil and sore throat spray
well I came down with a huge sickness
like I feel like shame my body feels
exhausted oh no I'm gonna start editing
this video I feel dead guys said some
help my way
SOS bro body's yeah guys the sickness is
bad I feel like absolute shit I'm pretty
sure I another reason why is because I
don't get any rest I don't get any sleep
like and that's all obviously it's my
fault I choose not to go to sleep I
choose to edit in the middle of the
night instead of sleep I choose to go to
the gym for fucking like 4 or 5 hours I
choose to stay in school so I'm not
complaining I'm just saying I know
exactly why I get sick and it's because
like ever since I started dating Jackie
and started taking basketball more
seriously and obviously started YouTube
and daily uploading I can't remember the
last time I was just I can't remember
the last time I was just sitting in bed
doing nothing I can't remember the last
time I was just chillin in my room doing
nothing I'm always doing something from
place to place the place just like I'm
always occupied always busy I don't have
any time to rest or relax ever not even
at night some people don't have any free
time during the day but they sleep good
at night I don't have any like I don't
know I'm not here to complain I'm just
saying I know exactly the reason why I'm
sick and that's because I get no rest no
sleep and just know relax I'm like
always exhausted not just physically but
mentally as well and this is what
happens your body just breaks down and
you get sick as hell does the cure to my
sickness laying in bed and reading
Phoenix Suns articles
come on let's go downstairs bye Brian
post concert depression PTD what it Oh
piece PD guys I feel bad for Brian
I have post concert depression still and
I went two days before him Brian just
got back guys I could I'd I swore I
wouldn't watch Brian snap gesture
because I'll get depressed again Drake
was so good that was the best even more
than yeah I know right you you go in my
car what the fuck the only thing I've
been listening to can you tweeted out
the album yesterday yeah I love Drake we
both have post concert depression
hey Boswell no guys yeah this one
because we've been to concerts before
and they've been good yeah but this one
yeah but this one just trust me Drake
knows how to fucking perform we're gonna
go in the garage it's going to garage
come on let's go in the garage hey
Bosley kaeleen dumbass hey good Buckley
hiding Bosley come on let's go in the
garage come on what's going to go on
possibly okay fine
really buzzer you want to go in the
garage Kaelyn you want to go in the
garage Bosley come on let's put you in
the garage one time looking for a job
stop you're reminding me of the yeah
guys I refuse to watch Brian's
snapchat not for one second because I
didn't want to be reminded of the
concert but the right one it like
dropped in the fuck explode it's gonna
keep talking about I'm going upstairs
guys now I'm pissed that fuck-boy picks
out my cousin I'm just sitting eating
and I get a snapshot from him so I goes
I'm Jeff from my cousin I wonder what it
is I open it he sends me a snapshot of
his dog but guess what's playing in the
background
fucking Drake playing drink in the
background I text him saying what the
fuck is wrong with you bro and he's just
like what he doesn't know about the post
concert depression you didn't go
Oh Bosley give me five Bosley's are so
fat you came and reach come on give me
five good boy
Wei Brian I'm warning you did you get a
snapchat from Anthony okay don't open it
don't open it
trust me cuz in the background it's a
Drake song playing yeah I opened and it
reminded me first of all the fuck boy
Anthony send the same snapchats to me
and Brian caught that Cali burrito on
day look this is so bomb hold on okay
me obviously wait focus meat fries
I get light Pico easy pico cheese
caliber we go how you got to do it for
breakfast
after this I'm bout to edit and then go
to the gym did you see yesterday balls
we played me a beat why you got a cheese
cake go with that beat balls and make me
that beat go make me that beat buzzer go
why you got a fight with me a cheese
cake go balls I hit that beat go Bosley
you play me a beat huh he played me Abby
and I said why you got a fight with me
at Cheesecake serious watch on Twitter
are you gonna play me a beat tonight
your message yesterday oh yeah guys oh
uh you know my youtube channel not only
would get ages again although we got a
strike Bryan it would get shut down for
eternity guys I said Bryan a message
yesterday
wait don't show them what I sent you but
just show the first three messages
before that
is that he said wait if I send you a
text right now will anyone see it
I said no you're good you said swear I
said I swear I'm not near anyone isn't a
picture anything and then I receive a
video okay okay but it's just brotherly
love okay guys I need to go upstairs to
go edit I'm gonna edit this video get er
done and then go to the gym I'm working
out my chest
today chest tries maybe some abs I do
not know but oh no we just started
editing this video
hey so on today I'm gonna go to work out
it'll be nice no one's playing
basketball so I won't be tempted to go
in the basketball core and I could
actually lift for once okay guys so
whitey Shaitaan I'm bout to go to the
gym here's the problem with you guys I
have no self-control when it comes to
playing basketball people sometimes say
okay I'm gonna go to the gym to lift
they go they lift and they leave for me
I say okay guys you know I'm feeling
really skinny I haven't lifted in a
while I'm gonna go to the gym to lift I
set foot into the gym I look towards the
basketball court and I just get so
tempted to play so I go and I say okay
I'm just gonna play one game and I play
one game that I'm like okay you know
what I'm just gonna play one more after
that before you know it two or three
hours in I'm still in the basketball
courts I'm tired as hell and then I just
leave and I don't even live I need to
stop that Monday through Friday people
play basketball and is there's just no
way I can go see my friends playing
basketball and I just go lift there's
just no way my love for basketball is
too strong I hate it but that's the
truth sometimes I see an empty court and
I'm still tempted to go play by myself
just to shoot on by myself but now today
I'm really gonna go lift I promise
that's what happened yesterday you
realize yesterday night I went to lift I
went really late so I could lift I go
see them playing ball Mike you know what
let me jump in I'm playing and I ended
up I didn't even look towards the weight
room yesterday I didn't even look the
way of the weight room I just fucking
played ball and I left and that needs to
stop if I'm serious about putting on
muscle I need to first of all start
eating more because that's the biggest
thing more important than actually
lifting is how much you eat and then the
lifting I gotta lift more I got
less basketball you can't put on muscle
when I'm when you're playing like three
four hours of basketball every single
day which is what I do guys you know
sometimes I don't even bring my
basketball shoes I purposely wear like
fucking janowski's or I just wear like a
non basketball shoes so I don't plan I
still end up playing so anyway he's
gonna yeah I just finished editing my
video I'm gonna go to the gym probably
be there for like an hour and a half
chest triceps and I'm gonna try to do
some ABS I haven't worked on my abs in
like three or four days so we're gonna
hit the gym in case your honor you
perform that song too just putting the
finishing touches on my video before I
go to the gym
time to go I hate lifting so much I
swear but I have to do it guys this
isn't the gym I usually go to I usually
go to the one next to my house and I
have to pay $5 to get in because my
membership is only for the one by my
house so they make you pay five dollars
for one workout so whatever maybe I'll
have a better workout if I don't know
anybody cuz I talked to too many people
out the one by my house
guys I'm racing home I'm a fucking idiot
so notice how I'm not sweaty at all
notice about how I didn't even break a
sweat
ask me why and it just asked me to say
for once why are you not even sweaty I
literally stepped foot in the gym one
minute and I left I fucking left so
steffel in the gym I paid my five
dollars I paid the five dollars I was
about to start my first set and I get a
text from Jackie saying babe like you
know I'm gonna come over like my mom is
not home she's out my dad is at work
house to myself
Jackie texted me and hey you know what
babe um want to come over I dipped out
the gym so fucking fast so cuz I'm such
an idiot and honestly I'd be lying to
you if I said this was the first time
that happened so now my girlfriend's on
the way to my house and I'm flicking all
over myself fuck the hotel imma get my
workout in a different way but and it
won't really be chance it'll be more
legs but
yeah guys this is honestly this isn't
the first time it's happened so no Jim
for me today actually I still did go to
the gym just for like one minute I'm
such a fool I'm the biggest idiot on
earth I swear it is what happened to me
while I was at the gym
I was about to workout and then fling it
means you leave the fucking gym and go
race home I'm sad again now he used to
call me on my cell phone no fuck traffic
on the way home
oh my god no I need head what is this
good thing I didn't break a slab the gin
so I could go riding I don't even have
to shower when I get home or anything
just go go home and whoop slide in right
away
guys I'm bout to get home like 1 minutes
I turn onto my street so there's only
one sign you got to play at a time like
this right before you get home walk in
the gym just to pay $5 and leaders to
park the dirt that's my fuckin lyrics
cuz I'm such a fucking idiot
like I'm literally goofy I'm a fool but
it's straight it's all good condoms come
back Steve let me see your nails how
good I like that color on you didn't I
always tell you
light blue what is that teal turquoise
oh my god why is my house so dirty yeah
cuz I put it on I'm dirty don't I always
tell you to do light blue I don't even
have nailed I buy my shit so bad every
time I edit or oh my god they're this
short before NBA season starts guys look
what the head did there wait turn this
way there's like 60 girls in there so
they all saw me with a huge like how
embarrassing just massage it off guys my
nails are this short without even NBA
season usually during son's games I bite
my nails down so bad babe wait let's sit
next to the yellow one Bosley are those
your friends all the toys they're your
friends huh yep this one actually looks
like Jackie
that this is really your head hold on oh
okay hold on
Bodley why you gotta fight with me at
G's cake guys were about it by what we
were about to buy Drake thinkin we're
got to go back why are we mourning all
sad about the concert when he's coming
back to LA again so we're about to get
Drake tickets we're just trying to
decide which day me and Brian are going
back to LA dad me and Brian are going
back to LA so yeah guys yeah Drake and
Josh
yeah guys from here Brian I think Drake
is back in LA from the 27th to the 29th
that's Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday so
on honestly that culture was too dope so
we're gonna go back we're trying to
decide either Tuesday or Thursday but
we're getting the taste right now you
already know we gotta hit up SeatGeek
cheapest and easiest way to get tickets
if my laptop fucking works guys so catch
us there Tuesday why you gotta fight
with me a cheese day no I'd let it go
he's gonna light it right here mine is
gonna be why you gotta find me a cane no
mine is why I gotta find me at Roscoe's
you know like Roscoe's more than canes
ya know but me and clarify that Rosco
why you gotta fight with me in a try if
you're doing real fun to have to do why
you gotta follow me everywhere now my
home my bed my car so guys we just
bought front-row seats
holy shit rank you literally got
front-row seats no guys we just figured
like the day after our concert we were
literally depressed like we had to go
back so now we're gonna endure the
depression again know anybody hinging
yeah guys there's gonna be worse this
time we're actually front row like we're
gonna smell a drinkers we're gonna smell
Drake's come good man he said but other
times maybe like this yeah guys we love
I love Drake but okay guys so we're
gonna be there LA actually Inglewood so
uh we're gonna
so guys no let me tell him about the
last concert you know the last concert
we went to or not the last one but a
concert last year it was like Thai girls
on future Rae sremmurd Ridge home the
electric it wasn't Englewood we all
bought tickets and literally like the
day before we were supposed to go Bryan
was trying to flake he was trying to
cancel behind he will we were like
scaring him we're like oh yeah you know
what is so good we were telling him
about all the shit that happens in
Englewood he's like hey I'm not going
anymore to find someone else to take my
ticket it was actually not gonna go yeah
but then we convinced him to come so
please tell them what you searched up on
your cookie letter I searched up like
the history of Englewood crimes okay
guys so we're gonna be in Englewood
we're gonna be there Tuesday all day the
codes you know
yeah and it's literally and like exactly
- what's it yeah like in exactly two
weeks so yeah guys will be there Bosley
you want to go in the garage yeah I'll
put you in the garage yo what's up guys
sick bro Wallace here yeah sick bro
Wallace I still feel like shit but
anyways I just want to stop by and let
you guys know how much I love you guys I
feel like I don't say that enough but it
needs to come out of my mouth way more
often because trust me I myself know
exactly how much I love you guys but
what good does that do I need you guys
to know how much I love you and if
you've ever showed me support in any way
it's just you yourself realize how much
work I put into this whole YouTube thing
to make you guys happy I fucking love
you guys I love you so much and I can't
ever thank you or just no guys I'm about
to go to bed right now but I love you
guys so much and I can't thank you
enough ever for all the support that you
guys have shown me much love to you guys
brats club you guys are awesome I swear
