it's done and only but right now
I'm out of lace up my they know my shoes
right here look somebody throw these on
were about ahead to the gym hit this one
on one way here here we have a Brian
prediction time I've never seen it I've
honestly never seen place yeah from like
years ago I don't play them he's out of
his prime now that was his prime years
so long I lost my touch but and you much
about the Sun that's see that that's the
x-factor
yeah we don't like back back row house
and shit I'm a good mobile hack right
now but uh we'll give my brother a
prediction time I've never seen him play
I don't know if you see me play probably
now we only have a couple videos yeah we
don't have too much so prediction time
winner of today's one was makes the hell
fail I stopped baby it's me oh yeah okay
pause the audience on Twitter good bass
top looks they said he was gonna kill me
really that yeah okay
honestly since he's bigger like oh okay
I'm just treated okay so you lie
honestly no offense I think my brother's
gonna take this one but it's gonna be a
close one like it's gonna be a good one
it's gonna be a good head-to-head I
can't wait to watch The OC hello okay
guys so uh see ya I just want to say I
think where he went wrong was just just
met he hit me like we're hurt he hit me
and he hit me right right away like you
can't look just look at my room and he
hit me with all Lakers are better than
the Sun so it doesn't matter if he said
warriors Cavs Lakers pelicans it doesn't
matter who the fact that he came at me
with better than the suns and so we're
gonna have to settle this one on the
court he wanted to settle in the streets
but I was like I'm not about that
violence but it's just a joke I'm just
joking so we're gonna settle it on the
court
no never we're gonna go drive down to
the jail
and set up this one-on-one my high folk
song I need to get hyped I can't lose it
shout out the cars huge Kanye fan guys
he's about to cross me in those the
disrespect he's got a plane he's got to
play in those now I'm just Joe you got
this gear with him so we just made it to
the gym set the camera up and get this
thing going
okay guys while he straps up we got
prediction time right here first what's
your name Ward's arc okay prediction
time valadis eleven eleven eight oh
we're going score to 11a okay you Justin
Lewis no bias I know you're a fan of my
videos but no bias I'm serious
I see you play
Brandon okay no we're going to 1111 yet
1110 Jordan you guys might recognize him
so let me zero oh please
okay okay you just put a shitload of
pressure on him right now so we'll see
hey guys I don't know how much you've
been here
we'll play one fine up to 11 yeah I
wanted to play up to 21 but we got to go
to him
rush time back down your pants
we're gonna warm up
got the gun
if he makes out of
13:9 I gotta come back
confidence and he gave me some room on
the charger to the chief's fucking mind
holy shit I didn't know this fool can
shoot like that man that shit screwed me
over I didn't know you can shoot like
that no I didn't know he could go up
from half aboard
Hey Oh Oh
I gotta go stick your eyes
really quicker than that you guys really
quickly check his channel out not done
more beyond a few channels sneakerheads
blog channel you also
who has a channel oh so it's going to be
in the description down below action
playing check it out down below now I'm
tired
I like all I kept thinking was I can't I
can't go out like that my goal is to
just get overhead after I thought you
were going to win but let's just say
determination mambo mentality see what
happens when you watch too much Phoenix
basketball you couldn't give up the lead
that's what happens say guys I'm about
to go get an ice pack and that down my
shirt cold that's cold guys so one time
it
I'm a counter 20 ready go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
through the boxers - now you all right
now we're doing a giveaway whoever wants
that ice bag
we retweet this video for selling on
Twitter share from YouTube you have to
win this I'll give you the card way back
yeah I'm gonna hang it on my wall okay
thank you so much for watching I'm sorry
you guys brother this isn't the last
time you want
rematch coming soon guys the plan was to
leave after the one-on-one but you know
I can't leave on a loss so we set up a
forum for real quick I've got to take
this win and then I'll leave
oh hey what so god sorry I didn't see
you there um bug guys I lost now I'm in
my car fuck also piss guys in case you
don't know me if you don't keep up with
my channel I don't like to lose I'm
gonna I'm a fierce competitor if you
want to say yeah I won that forum for
whatever that doesn't count I lost the
one-on-one that's what counted
I got honestly for being honest once I
was up like 12 or 13 to 5 whatever was I
just got too cocky instead of getting
two easy layups or one simple shot I
started going with all these crazy
things and look what happened look what
happened so guys don't look for anything
crazy just seal the game off and shout
out the Kai's he's really cool there's
the first time we actually hung out he's
super cool also shout out to him for
coming down I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
well guy ain't losing okay guys I'm
gonna go though I lost 1513 he hit up
three from half court - Wayne yeah I was
13 up and he I let him shoot from half
score I'm about to go fuck fine shut up
I was up 13 to 5 or 12 to 5 no I'm gonna
go right now fucking fucking break all
my fingers yeah he left
Oh
