cousin you and Jackie are starving like
what time is dying
it's 12 something we woke up at like
7:00 yeah we woke up super hungry and we
kept saying we're gonna eat we're gonna
eat it we had so much to do with it
food plates and guess where we're going
laughs like me ah no without sound we
put the Raising Cane's in my google maps
it's an hour in 10 minutes away how fast
do you want me to get there though with
you less than 30 less than 35 so yeah
guys we're literally we were already
starving but we refuse to go anywhere
else other than canes I guess the
closest to the closest canes is an hour
and ten minutes away we thought about
eating somewhere over here but you can't
pass up canes so we'll be at gains in an
hour and 10 minutes
see you soon cane okay my love
you got Bosley chillin patrolling the
neighborhood how's it going security is
anything fishy going on Bosley no all
right buzz Lee you're almost done with
your shift you got 30 more minutes so
just stay out here don't mess around
don't check your phone just work you get
paid for this work yeah guys we just
hired a always a Seinfeld we just hired
a new security guard like this one
actually looks like Bosley
he's his first day on the job he's doing
decent honestly I expected a little
better but hey for his first days for
his job not bad straight security Bosley
hey Jeff uh uh watch the streets don't
look I mean watch the streets okay guys
so we're practicing Bosley on his first
day at work we sent Jackie outside now
okay and let's see what Bosley does if
he see someone come to the house Bosley
who's that who's that so we have Jackie
outside she is right there I don't know
if you could see and let's see what
security Bosley does Oh
who's that Bosley who's that so Jackie's
right to here
we sent her on a test test trip Bosley
what are you gonna do who's that are you
gonna are you gonna guard the house
cause this probably gonna run to the
fucking ice cream truck he hears the
music okay Bosley failed I was showing
them that this is his first day on the
job as a security he saw you he didn't
even bark or anything
Bosley you want to go by Jackie Oz we
failed he didn't bark he day and do
anything Bosley imagine if Oh first day
on the job Basel you failed but every
girl does father doesn't even have a
collar Bosley what if that was a burglar
huh what if that was a murderer Kay
Bosley stay on the job he saw us 30
minutes left on a shift let's leave him
you're distracting him too much Oh Oh
Bosley
okay cut your shift short get inside go
by Jackie go
okay guys so if you haven't been some
luckily inside by Jackie in case you
guys haven't been subscribed to me since
my birthday or in case you guys missed
that video so these two really really
really nice fans now I'm not gonna call
them fans anymore those are my homies
now Ramsey and Emile's they for my
birthday they surprised me by they
booked a suite in Vegas for me and
Jackie and he like he got ahold of me
and he told me he's like bro you know I
got this for you for your 21st birthday
and I said oh like thank you so much we
met up in Vegas we make they were in my
vlogs and everything like I said Ramsay
is Ramsey and Emile they're their
brothers those are the two guys names
well they actually they're from
Bakersfield which is hours away from
here and I actually saw their snapchat
bunch of Vegas obviously I got them on
snapchat Instagram Twitter I got them on
all the social media so I saw their
snapchat they were down in San Diego
they came down to San Diego for some
like family thing or whatever and I saw
their snapchats and I was like oh you
guys aren't San Diego like come on let's
hang out so now they're coming to my
house and we're about to go to the mall
me and Ramsey Emile and Jackie we might
pick up Stephanie I don't know yet being
and I know babe I just showered
oh it's probably Brian so yeah guys now
we wait on them and we're gonna go to
the mall
I actually just tweeted out that I'm
gonna be at the mall so we should meet a
lot of fans there everything they did
for me well actually everything they did
for me and Jackie for my 21st birthday
they pretty much made my 21st birthday
better than what it already could have
been for everything they did for me the
least I could do is take them to the
mall probably take them out to eat when
they come down here it turns out they
were staying in a hotel like 20-30
minutes from here so I said come on down
Ramji a meal so oddly it's okay if they
come all right you don't have to attack
them like you did to Jackie you know how
you attack Jackie so hard yeah guys the
cool thing and like I'm not even just
saying this I'm actually being honest
like I told you I added them on snapchat
Instagram and Twitter when we met up in
Vegas so I've been like constantly in
touch with them ever since my birthday
till now and they've actually grew to be
like not one of my closest fans one of
my closest friends and I for people that
live hours away from me and that I never
see in person just talk to like over
texts and social media were actually
really close so this should be fun you
know that I think this is pretty cool
this dude named Josue he look he got his
room painted exact clacks mine
he actually his is better than mine he
has a purple bedsheet but now that's
Thai he got his room the same exact
design as my room that's crazy bro
Josue shout-out guys in case you didn't
know me and Chi Chi so more playing
one-on-one in basketball that video is
actually gonna be up tomorrow me and Chi
so mark collab on the basketball court
1v1 loser we're gonna have a steak we
don't know what it is yet but there's
gonna be a steak you don't think you
didn't actually think we were playing
for nothing right when I first met him
at the Drake concert he told me the
first thing he said was Lakers are
better than the Sun so you know he
already got me shaky and then he tweeted
this picture to me look at that guy's
look at this look these dudes are T
shit-talking so you guys don't wanted
this smallest video okay
this dude shit talk to sun's mean Kai's
Omar we're settling this on the
basketball court I have never seen a
player I've never watched him play I've
never played with him so it's gonna be a
fun matchup who you got your money on
tomorrow huh me or Kai's
okay fuck you go guys I'm guessing
they're here listen to Bosley oh yeah
they're right here
sup guys wait I'm bout it going from the
garage Bosley come in from the garage
come here Bosley come from the garage oh
oh oh oh my god oh my god okay Bosley
okay hey
Oh Bosley okay you want to go see who's
there you want to go see yet okay don't
worry don't worry he doesn't bite guys
look at this camera with the lighting
sec what's up oh look with a but who is
this for my mom yeah thank you
it's a 5100 yeah he just put me down to
my own home here you want to put it uh
you could just leave it right there
thank you for that I think no he doesn't
buy it he doesn't have teeth in case you
guys don't remember so this is Ramsey
I'm surprised he's not waiting you
should are you guys blogging today yes I
tweeted that we're gonna go to a mall so
it's gonna be a bunch of people oh hell
yeah over there well the Drake concert
was so I think I'm gonna go I think me
and Brian are gonna go I swear I'm down
to go back well that shit was so fucked
by the wait I think it's the in person
thank you okay guys let's see you that
what the guard dog does let's see oh oh
the gardener Bosley what kind of guard
dog go bazi Go Go buzzy
hey looky fuzzy come on
wow what a guard dog runs away okay I
know we're trying to fit three people in
the back of a car it's like how far is
it like 20 miles well hold on I have to
say how did my friend hold on anymore
watch Patrick so Patrick go back to the
gym
guys guys so Jackie's already like she's
talked a lot about my driving before in
the vlogs but your guys's first time
driving with me how is it far so far
crazy driver
yes I'll follow over what would you rate
yeah guys I just don't have patience I'm
saying
way to go through the sheets would you
like neighborhood yeah way to head to
the freeway you're done obviously still
we still yeah this is family dinner
Steff scoot in don't make out what's up
bro yeah say what's up to the vlog
what's your name Isaac nice to meet you
yeah guys we got a family dinner like we
got a meal and Estep babe
guys look she spilled soy sauce all over
my foot mice my Easy's and look yeah all
over my white shoe that's where all for
some soy sauce things been uh yeah I
just don't even like soy sauce I know
she was opening it for me
I just bathed in soy sauce maybe we
could shower together when we go home
guys we're here with a huge fan to Lisa
show them your phone case Oh way it's
back
wait come on we sign their phone case
and she's got to purchase some apparel
in the new one job so shout out to her
you want to show anybody else Veronica
say exactly say homework guys were
facetiming their cousin Freddie and
Brandon Brandon Freddie say what's up
okay he's off the law we're ready right
here
this is Randy's cousin guys I support
our team and shut down all puffy stores
because they come from they come from
puppy mills
and assign this I don't support
what are you sandy what are you doing no
more puppy mills we didn't get bosses
from a puppy mill we don't do what you
know they treat the dogs like shit four
waters for president shut down I'll fuck
with that see this is a healthy dog
right here arrest
so why spend thousands of dollars in
here wait do they know you guys are
right outside they don't if you're
getting your dog from one of these
stores don't do it my skin
yeah guys we got a modulus we got a
bunch of people to sign it yeah yeah
feel bad no yes that's so everybody
signed Austin I'll stand here and work
with them for free and my girlfriend's
trying to child
guys so we just messed CJ right here CJ
shoutout okay and we took a picture and
Jackie said I look probably good is good
shout out CJ everyone is good guys
Jackie song is on singing it's going too
fast okay okay fine just sing the
original I love when Jackie sings that
to me yeah it looks familiar
Jackie's pressuring me to buy Jackie
wants to buy me shoes and sure and I
keep saying baby no I'll buy it myself
and she keeps saying no I'll buy it for
you
no babe you're supposed to go digs me
not the other way around
I'm gold-digging Jackie guys wait
come here look these guys loyal stands
the first time I met them is the dad got
kicked out of the Del Mar fair for
meeting too many fans and they're back
right here is shout-out Sharon to Daniel
shoutout to Daniel guys shout out RJ
he's actually a huge fan and his girl
thank you guys for watching guys
we've got mark you a huge fan look I
told them I'll don't take victim
couldn't help it so fresh look that's
the gray white and blue diamond our bro
nice to meet you thanks for watching -
god babe wait hold on
try this on god I imagined my girlfriend
like sexy in that
no bad
yeah she's giving me like wait let me
see yeah okay let me just you guys she
looks sexy in that jacket
it looks like doing a roll looks like
the bed setting your house I know it's
gonna be on the bed when I take it out
okay to me guys when you see your girl
look sexy in a shirt you look first you
look at the price
what what girls clothing so cheap $30
for a jacket we have to pay like 60 70
bucks for a hoodie almost 100 bucks
Dave let me get this for you let me buy
it for you
oh why you bought me freaking you bought
me a shirt oh wow winwaker for $100 guys
she bought me a windbreaker fika $100
and the t-shirt for $40 they've actually
you go buy me shoes on my way our fries
are outside oh my god we ordered fries
and we forgot about them go go go
God five people and not one of us
thought that we forgot our fries we
ordered these fries they're so hot chili
barbecue flavor yeah okay I'll get up
I'll get a fork fool yes I'm gonna start
sweating yeah oh my god go Ramsey's
crazy
Randy's crazy hey you try
torture why did you pay for this he said
we had to try these guys you got a
driver try them anyone want anything
about it hi guys
potato corner chili BBQ if you're real
extra powder thanks truck and you're
done trust me or just come here I'll
leave this on the TV barn for sure the
hottest we're done I think we're done I
know we did a challenge just to all on
the canopy just try to eat as many as we
could we're done look at all the spices
were looking at probably click the beat
lick the plate come on watch the strands
go
yeah that's fine and the blog 350 nah
oh look now you know we're literally
sweating right we're all sweat my god
look they're eating you said it's sweet
I've never heard of my sweet bro we're
pussy we're pussy I'm taking that part
out no more thumbnail no more shit we're
pussies a new favorite show this clown
is picking up prostitutes baby
that's an undercover cop clowns picking
up prostitutes guys we were literally
about to fall asleep and we both Hey
look at the time 11:11 I wish I had a
loyal girlfriend oh wait I said it out
loud so now it won't come true okay
let's go we're home alone well unless
you count that thing me and Jackie home
alone we're about to fall asleep you
know just end the night so I can go to
church in the morning you need church
and we both instantly hit us we're
freakin starving you see are so bad why
do they burn when you will shower no but
you were holding my feet guys we're
about to go to Applebee's 2 for 20 I'm
allowed to go to 425 you have to do two
for 20 men you guys get yourself a
boyfriend who forces you to get off the
to 420 I'm just joking let again
whatever she wants you just
like yes it is yes it is if Applebee's
isn't a day then we've never been on a
date before
but if Applebee's is a date then we've
been on two million dates before so yeah
guys we're literally about to fall
asleep and we both both of our fat asses
and then coming back home they'd be like
I refer to this as mine in your house
guys we're home alone so there's pretty
much like me and Jackie are married like
we live in our in a home and we're
coming back to sleep together as I'm so
fucking tired right now I'm actually
gonna fall asleep facing my food while
I'm sitting down to Applebee's I'm so
tired
guys the annual get two different meals
and sherry
