cuz football Sundays back.look 52 more
minutes until the first Chargers game
Chargers in Kansas City facing the
Chiefs guys charges I've already scored
one touchdown they're going for that
second one of the day third and one
imagine Melvin Gordon scores again oh my
god he just scored his second touchdown
of the day you know he had zero rushing
touchdowns all year last year and he
scored two guys listen Melvin Melvin
Gordon I know but this this works I'm
tilt and basin starts Melvin Gordon just
scored I should have picked a fantasy
Melvin Gordon just scored his second
rushing touch is capable of scoring
touchdowns I thought he had a curse on
him no cuz they trusted will head in the
red zone last year way more this year
they're giving their trust to Melvin
Gordon and it's paying off just think
about that zero rushing touchdowns all
here last year he already has two
rushing TDs so far i tweeted earlier I
was like wow so he is capable of scoring
an aside he's gonna be wrong see what
happens on the charges give their trust
into somebody so both 14 chiefs free
second quarter has just started guys the
last Chargers player with two rushing
touchdowns in one half was LT LaDainian
Tomlinson so obviously Melvin Gordon is
an XLT obviously clearly we all know
that I'm just joking if you guys can't
tell my sarcasm but no he's gonna be
good what do you think of this game
Chargers struggled last year three and
13 three wins 13 losses so if they could
start the year off with a division win
this year away there's a flag there's my
favorite Ref well not anymore he's not
flag on the Chargers so the charges went
three and 13 last year if they could
start the season off not only with a win
now only one to know but against a
division team
good sign Woodhead oh they look how
small Woodhead is look right there guys
in case you don't know I'm more of a
basketball guy I don't know if you could
kind of see behind me but but I am a San
Diego guy lived in San Diego my whole
entire life born here lived here so I
watched all the charge of games on the
big charger fan oh my god Gates is still
alive and going okay the dudes of these
guys rivers and gates the charges are
first and gold okay inside the 5-yard
line if I'm the Chargers give Melvin
Gordon his third rushing touchdown keep
just give him fucking three tries go
yeah guys usually it's the other way
around everyone's first option is
football and then when basketball season
comes around they're like oh this will
do until the next football season for me
it's the other way around
touchdown touchdown 21 321 three charges
pegwood hey guys what head is such an
important part of our offense I swear
what head is super underrated he's a
huge part of San Diego's offense tough
charges get another stop and they get
the ball back so 21 three four minutes
ago on the half Hardys get the ball back
guys honestly I'm a big Chargers fan and
I know there's a bunch of big charger
fans out there and right here in San
Diego and I can honestly tell you this
is surprising no matter what even first
of all the Chiefs were favorites today
and even if you thought the charges were
gonna win there's no way you thought
they would come out and dominate like
this especially in arrowheads oh it's so
loud in Arrowhead I'll break my fucking
TV because of how loud all the fans are
so for the charges to come out like this
and dominate in the first half it's
surprising to me but a good surprise
definitely a good surprise I can
honestly say no one expected this even
if you expected a Wayne you expected
like a close one but this is it's only
the first half so the Chargers can't let
their foot off the gas guys here's the
fun fact of the century that you guys
probably didn't know about me and my dad
we actually because everybody know this
has a basketball family you know I'm a
huge stuff cause Li y know everybody
knows this has a huge basketball family
I'm a huge Suns fan I love the NBA but a
fun fact me and my dad actually had
season tickets for the San Diego
Chargers for three straight years that
one was this like six seven years ago
yeah so when I was like probably 1415
years old we would go to every single
Chargers home game we would have season
tickets so that's what people don't know
and then we just stopped like we still
go to some games but we used to actually
go to every single Chargers home game
dad how surprised are you with this
start twenty one three Bosley are you
surprised at the UM how good the charges
up garage
come on I'll put you in the garage
guys he's literally my favorite ref I
don't know well he's my favorite ref cuz
I don't know I just always laugh when I
look at him oh no oh my god Keenan Allen
no you know he missed all the last eight
games last season there's his first his
first game back guys fuck chargers
injuries nobody missed half of last year
he nearly missed all a half of last year
and guys Stevie Johnson are the receiver
we got he's out for the whole year you
know I met Stevie Johnson at the
barbershop and then the very next day he
fucking
he injured himself and he got he's out
for the whole year yeah I was the bad
look so first Stevie Johnson and now
Kenan town looks hurt pretty bad if the
charger glutes two receivers fuck you
look so comfy look guys my apparel my
sweats my bed mine yeah guys well update
you on Keenan Allen because this doesn't
look good and honestly please no not a
serious injury guys when will the
charger injury stop last year was so bad
when will oh my god he's crying fuck
that
ne got carted off the field he couldn't
even Wow
okay this definitely doesn't look good
but there's no sometimes injuries look
bad and they end up not being bad that's
what I'm hoping but in all honesty when
will the charger injuries end oh my gosh
okay guys so the second half just
started and although um there's no
official word yet there's no official
ruling on Keenan Allen's injury I just
read on Twitter that the Chargers beat
riders believe it's an ACL injury which
yeah I don't even need to explain that
to you guys that worst case scenario I
don't even want to do a reaction to this
game anymore honestly that that sucks
if that's true and the honest to god I
don't want to jinx it but beat riders
beat riders are usually the closest like
I would trust the San Diego Chargers B
writer then I would trust like an ESPN
media outlet so honestly I would have if
we're being honest auto rather lost this
game by 50 points instead of moose
Keenan Allen I would rather lose this
game by a hundred point and just keep
Kenan than then win this game and lose
Keenan Allen but I guess at least the
charges to do is win this game for ka 13
but guys holy shit look at this pic by
Jason Barret look you picked that off oh
don't tell me you hit the floor Jason
for it no wait look at this interception
God if that's a clean Pig holy shit
twenty seven to ten fourth-quarter
they're gonna review this watch Jason
burr a first-round pick but yeah guys
it's 27 to 10 so the charges look like I
have a comfortable lead but they can't
let up because us charger fans know what
happens when we get a little too
comfortable and then let up the lead and
then um I don't even need to say what
happens after that but charges has got
to keep pushing okay so they gave Barret
the interception Stoke Chargers ball Tom
Mann has been right here guys just as I
say time management right when I say
Chargers need to control the clock they
literally give the ball back to the
Chiefs and allow them to score a
touchdown all within two minutes so
right when I say charges need to control
the clock and just control the pace
within two minutes they gave the ball
back and let the Chiefs score a
touchdown so now the charger is again
either score the ball or if you're not
gonna score at least control the time
clock don't let the Chiefs get it back
too quickly that's the recipe for
disaster not scoring and aiming the ball
back okay guys so again now it's a one
score game if the charger Chargers ball
if the Chiefs get a stop then they get
the ball back down one score with
there's three minutes is plenty of time
in a football game so 27 23 minutes left
Chargers ball
okay guys just as I speak one minute
later three-and-out Chiefs ball hold on
let's get my dead dad you saw three and
out we could yeah three and now Chiefs
got the ball yeah Chiefs got the ball
back yeah we said we got the ball with
three minutes now two-minute warning
Chiefs ball and then the play before we
gave them the ball back and they scored
a touchdown within two minutes Wow no
that's that that's for San Diego
Chargers you lead the whole game
comfortable lead and yeah and then you
literally like there's no way you could
just lose they literally beg to lose the
game dad I said I said even if you don't
score just manage the clock kill some
time Bosley what what so yeah guys this
is life of a Chargers fan you want most
likely this is life of a charged us and
you start off the game you're all
smiling you're all happy you're high
what did I say in this very video just a
couple minutes ago I said don't get
comfortable because us charger fans know
what happens if you get a little too
comfortable and now look 27 22 ball two
minutes left guys look at our shitty
punt look where the Chiefs are starting
inside our territory guys if you see the
phone numbers on top because a lot of
people tell me bro you forgot to edit
out a phone number no these are fans
okay those are fans we are obligated if
fan yeah how is it the blur and I've
learned people think it's family and
they call my bro you left the phone
number in their nose those are fans who
found our phone number somehow and so
they try to call us so it is not my duty
to block that number off the screen so
if you guys see a phone number on the
screen don't worry it is not our phone
number or anyone related to us but
bounced all the way into our territory
oh no guys so my sports teams son's
second words in the West last year
Chargers will you need to explain and
the Padres 0 world series good sports
fan I am yeah no okay another first down
so cam Dylan gets hit 90 times helmet
the hell man they don't throw flag but
the second we hit helmet to helmet if
this is a typical Chargers football I
really don't know what is honestly we
were winning unnecessary roughness
Wow time to tweet shit about Vittorio's
okay first and gold cheese from the five
Alex Smith just hit a career-high 30
completions of course all the charges
defense touchdown either touchdown yup
they gave them a touchdown okay
Oh dad why do we even like did they get
the ball three minute in position that
yeah minute and we don't look 40 seconds
why Bosley you don't sleep that's one
minute Rivers is gonna leave the charges
to victory not pond not field goal oh
wow
okay bye dad what we have faith in
rivers no we're gonna win this game
Wow Brian tie game with one minute no
yeah Brian turns away for one minute
there's what happens yeah Wow guys so if
you can't tell I'm a much bigger son
Stan as I am sure that I am charged the
same because if this was a son's game
that ended up like this
things would be breaking I would be
crying all this giving a game same shit
every year I just saw your tweet and I'm
like I know what the fuck happened I was
just trying to edit my video
okay now you're Nick's on rivers what
head Gates and Gordon to get us this win
second and ten 52 seconds left
27:10 it's over whatever 24 three Bosley
watch i jinxed it when i said oh what a
surprising start to the Chargers season
go wood head go go go go go go get out
get out get out okay okay first down and
we stepped out so we stopped the clock
and we saved a timeout
I love rivers throw
go go go oh my god Oh flag on maybe on
us okay there's a flag let's see what he
used to be my favorite rest now I hate
him okay
just call it we know guys honestly at
this point after being a Chargers fan
for this long like they're just used to
it no I'm serious I remember the game
first game of the season against Arizona
when we lost the ball in the fourth
quarter two years ago in Arizona yeah
it's the same shit
my bad woods touched out or nothing
God why the fuck yeah fuck this so the
chargers Oh hold on what a surprise Mike
McCoy's playing it safe conservative
Mike McCoy is the biggest pussy head
coach in the NFL no no no he's the most
conservative head coach in the league
this what happens when you bring him
back you had a chance to bring in a new
head coach and you choose to bring back
Mike McCoy he is the most conservative
head coach in the league see you know he
McCoy just wants overtime he'd rather
take the risk huge figure of years of
Mike McCoy doing what he doesn't he
doesn't work he would change his game
plan but I guess not okay just to remind
you guys just to remind my girlfriend
babe touchdown wins the game self Kansas
City scores a touchdown it's over there
exactly at the 50 okay guys so Chiefs
ball at like the 32 33 yard line I wanna
see my dad's reaction
now they're gonna throw a touchdown to
win the fucking game guys yeah this shit
I'm not watching anymore NFL Sunday or
Monday night or fucking Thursday night
we're about to lose Brian don't trip
yeah they're at the 30-yard line Bowl
okay one more stop let them kick a field
goal okay see this is why Mike McCoy
doesn't play like a pussy dad why would
you try to force overtime on the road in
Kansas City you go for the win guys I
understand if Mike McCoy the charges
were at home yeah you you try to force
overtime you're playing at home okay you
don't try to force overtime on the road
especially in Kansas City who have one
of the best if not the best home-field
advantage
Mike McCoy is an idiot you don't play
for overtime on the road and the Raiders
won dad yeah so so let's recap Denver
comes back and beats Carolina that
division team number one
the Raiders come back on the road and
beat the Saints they won by one point
division team number two number now the
Chiefs come back and beat the Chargers
so now you got the Raiders Broncos and
Chiefs want to know and the Chargers
oh and one yeah even though Denver
should have lost to Carolina the Raiders
were trailing the Saints they came back
and the Chargers were off by 21 points
my fucking Bosley a Chiefs fan so calm
he's trying to hide it
game okay guys
third down from what two yard line I
don't know some shit like that
gelila dies saves the game for now until
five five more seconds after the
Chargers ever played a comfortable game
I even a loss they don't lose by 30 or
40 they lose by one two three I just
imagined my life Suns and chargers like
you guys got to feel bad for me like
I'll leave you Laker fans at least you
because there's a lot of Laker and
charger fans at least yeah the charger
is whatever zero Super Bowls and they
stink but at least the Lakers have 16
damn rings I'm a sons and Chargers fan
and you wonder where all these forehead
wrinkles come from babe it's their last
try a third down they score here in
games over but you're a basketball wife
though you know that right yeah we're
off seasoning
hiiii Chargers okay two yard line
another fan calling again those are not
people we know I know
Oh game over
fuck the Chargers fuck the NFL fuck the
Chargers they suck dick yeah
yeah shirts with stupid hold on please
Los Angeles take this team take them yes
take them la take the take the charge of
San Diego doesn't want them anymore
take them la Los Angeles take the
Chargers please San Diego doesn't want
this misery anymore guys well so it
turns out that was the biggest comeback
win for the Chiefs in Kansas City chief
history in the history of Kansas City
chief football that was their biggest
comeback win it also turns out Keenan
Allen does have a torn ACL so the worst
case scenario did happen for the charges
and for Keenan Allen prayers up to him
he was just he was just her all of last
year and he finally comes back his first
game done that's god that's gotta suck
that you got to feel bad for him I don't
even want to talk about it but yeah so
Chargers gonna do chargers things and
this was a charger thing to do three
times in the last three years that the
Chargers have blown a 21-point lead are
you fucking kidding me like how guys we
are out here most anticipated collab for
the past couple weeks guys say what's up
guys we're bringing him around the house
a little house tour really quick he
stepped into my Phoenix Suns Hall of
Fame
yeah he knows not to say the KOB word a
lot of mine longer like bad vibes coming
yeah he felt he felt it so so let me
just explain first of all if you guys
want to check out his channel just I'm
sure you guys all know him he's a
youtube that how long have you been
doing this almost 10 years almost I was
in seventh
so here's literally the rookie in the
shout out Drake this is literally right
here but yeah if you're not gonna check
him out he has three different channels
you could explain pretty much what they
are one is a vlog channel a vlog Channel
my main channel which I don't use that
much but it's like pranks and stuff and
then my sneaker channel cuz I'm a
sneaker guy which is crew kick so he's a
huge sneaker head so uh so I put it I
put him to the test we did a game on my
channel where we have to guess the NBA
player signature shoes uh-huh so the
channel on your sneaker channel yeah
cooking okay I'll leave that one in the
description below and you could find all
those other channels from there but
right now I'm out of lace up my they
know my shoes right here look these
shoes are some being they're trash the
laces are coming off but you gotta keep
wearing them only because color scheme
just really wait I wanna tell you where
he went wrong where he made his mistake
so we started off cool like you know we
met we said what's up and he decided
like one of the first things he wanted
to tell me you know instead of like just
common courtesy and all I he decided to
go with all Lakers are better than the
Sun that shit rung in my head almost a
week since the Drake concert I can't
even sleep at night what the fuck is
going on
I just came to hold on let me tell you
in the car okay so I just came to pick
up some sushi for me and Jackie she's
waiting for me at the house and they're
having a fucking concert literally like
a piano and guitars
outside of the sushi the sushi place is
so small they're having like a full
concert anyways what I wanted to say my
point was not about sushi yeah I think
of the sushi but I had it stopped by a
subway just for cookies guys subway
cookies are so long came and wait to get
home I have to eat it subway has the
best countries on earth I don't care
guys look and there's a whole crowd and
everything I swear look what is going on
here ah that's weird
we'll stop me on the other one all I
asked was can I please get no wasabi
that's it simple order with no wasabi
they said yeah no wasabi is fine come
home right here this shit is so hot if
you never tried it look just a touch on
the end it makes the whole wall hot guys
look not even his food bowl will get him
in the garage look he's just staring
inside the garage bother come on let's
go get food come on come in the garage
we're gonna get food come in but he
won't come come here we're gonna put
your food in the garage look he just
stops right there nice ears his food is
right here he knows it guys even Sunday
Night Football people are still calling
anyways I just wanted to say the
Patriots ever been bad like they don't
even have Tom Brady and they're still
keeping up with the Arizona Cardinals on
the road guys I hate when the fans call
like it pops up on the TV and it
interferes with the frickin screen all
day I've been trying to watch sports and
it's like a game-winning field goal or
like the last-second shot in a
basketball game
or just watching your favorite TV show
and literally every single minute
something pops up in the screen right
there every time people call all day
and again guys Larry Fitzgerald
literally has plays like he has glue on
his gloves he literally has magic hands
he catches every single ball thrown his
way as the Patriots have tried one
defender on him two defenders on him
they even tried to place three guys
around him and he's still making every
catch God's I want the Cardinals to win
because I have a lot of friends who are
Suns fans and Phoenix and they're all
Cardinals fans so at least they could be
happy if the Cardinals win shout out to
all my son's fans friends in Arizona and
oh never mind no shout out no shout out
to my son's fans friends okay guys so
I've woken up it is now Monday after a
long night's sleep
a long long night's sleep after that
Chargers game okay so obviously
everything I said was just in the moment
frustration speaking all sports fans
know what I'm talking about trust me
just like when I watch a son's game and
a million times I say oh fuck the Suns I
hate the Suns it is frustration no I
don't really want the charges to move to
LA no actually now I'm just joking no
it's just a heat-of-the-moment thing all
my sports fans especially if you were a
Saints fan yesterday or a Cowboys fan or
a Cardinals fan you know what I'm
talking about you probably were pissed
on your team you were cussing but at the
end of the day that's your team that's
who you love that's who you root for
every single week but honestly guys
being a Chargers fan it just happens
over and over and over the same shit you
have a comfortable lead and then out of
nowhere you just find late to lose the
game so the frustration just boils over
and especially being the first game of
the season and the coaching style didn't
change and like coaching mistakes it's
just for people who don't watch sports
you guys want to understand this type of
frustration you probably think
everything I said during the rant of the
game was what I'm at but no all my
sports fans all my diehard
fans who love a certain teen you know
exactly how I felt you know exactly what
I'm talking about so uh now how much
hardest can I love my Chargers butt-fuck
seriously there's no way we should have
lost that game the biggest comeback in
Kansas City chief history and you got to
blame that on the coaching it's
embarrassing
I love my boys let's go get the Jaguars
next week now me me and my dad were
pissed my brother was pissed too so and
I'm sure all the other charger fans were
pissed so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I needed a whole day to cool
down I would not be talking like this if
it was still yesterday
