so look okay so Ramsey already told his
boss but I didn't tell you guys
we're thinking about doing a prank on
his dad oh we're doing this we're
thinking about I said we're thinking
okay guys so I walk up soon okay guys so
I walk up stairs like shout out to
Ramsey and Emil coming through with the
cameras we're gonna need extra camera
shout out to my girl for planning this
okay so let me tell you all what else
right now so okay guys we got we come
home we thought we're going to be home
alone and send my dad to sleep so these
people then oh why don't we break your
dad they don't even know my dad is there
first time I'm 100 why don't we break
your dad so my dad has never seen them
before they've never been to my house
these are my friends from Bakersfield
how far four or five hours yes never
been to my house and we're gonna do what
pretty much like a home robbery by fans
Frank we're gonna happen in Adana house
you guys remember his dad's asleep oh
that's sweet he hasn't ready me and Jack
you're home so we're pretty much gonna
be in a weird town yeah he doesn't know
he doesn't know he doesn't know that's
the force and gosh this is very
believable because over the past couple
weeks actually over the past whole year
you guys follow me and my brother we've
had more than a handful of fam kind of
experiences just the other week we had
someone jump over our fence into our
backyard just the other day we had
someone teep your home with toilet paper
not right yes it's not right but what it
does is it makes stuff like this more
believable so if you look at the bright
side
if the weather for you fans torturing us
at our home Ames like this gonna be an
idea you can do it look yeah okay so
yeah I'm nervous honestly I told you -
you know the good part is my dad doesn't
have a gun um that's great you might
have like a baseball bat I don't know or
on a nighttime there's the
sandals so I'll get him to say though my
mom throw sandals at me
yeah we're Middle Eastern so we get this
all the time huh okay guys so we've got
one camera okay guys so we've got one
camera bro
this is looking like we could you record
a movie director or what hey go to
camera we got my phone for a third
camera we got more guys we got phone for
babies I'm nervous okay
did you guys what do you think she's
gonna have what do you think is gonna
happen for this babe okay what do you
know we're just gonna be chilling just
cell for you look what do you think my
dad's reaction is gonna be okay what you
think my dad's gonna freak out yeah but
you know what I just thought we should
do hands whatever shows okay guys we're
planning this we'll pick it up when we
get ready okay
I don't know what yeah
obviously yeah baby you here's what we
have planned so far so we're gonna have
them because we have a camera that
shoots in our backyard it record the
background we're gonna have them in our
backyard banging on the gay you know
with holding the signs all your dad's a
seat wait okay that's scary you say time
out in the backyard that's not a home
robbery prank though you can't home
robbery pretty how are they gonna get
inside in the first place because I
leave a girl oh yeah as Ramzi just wants
my Nutella heart attack you know you
keep saying oh what's gonna give you
that a heart attack
that's what you want how nervous are you
guys bro
okay no no no no no no the reason
they're so nervous is because the newest
one we thought of is actually insane but
I even started to sweat like because and
I'm not even the one doing it didn't
sweating ever since we're right now
we're risking getting harasses be broke
so let's say the new prank what started
off for just they're gonna be in our
backyard maybe walk into help first can
you take away all the weapons in the
outfit I'll try to go away so what
started off as a van just being my
backyard holding up signs turned into
they're gonna walk up into my dad's room
while he's asleep turn on the
light with a pillowcase and beanies and
just start taking but okay till my
dad wakes up once he wakes up they're
gonna make their way out of the room
like oh like we got caught and
what happens after that
I really do not know I don't wanna do I
wanna know he's asleep but once you're
in the room you actually feel ha ha ha
no no you're the heart build it he's
just about to himself like he's so
scared right now
let me cut it okay we need that be me
okay obviously this is just do
it the sooner you do it okay guys so the
topping golf we got two people here my
dad I have no idea who the hell they are
first off I am sorry if you watch yeah
that's why I didn't want to do this when
you watch as I'm sorry yeah I'm just
doing a water
I know what their idea yeah I should
break your daily books we just go okay
Sharon says I'm sorry dirty girl of 30
so guys we're just gonna roll with it
so to fit two fans my ties never seen
them before the home what do we call
this fan robbery Oh fan home robbery
prank on sleeping father and you go use
the restroom and you'll get ready and
we're gonna sit ready
trying to stay quiet cuz his dad's
asleep right now you came up with the
idea what god I'm just talking a very
good so scared ransom I'm really nervous
right now this guy's Bosley's guarding
my dad's room he's not letting us enter
Bosley the snitch
look he's literally blocking my dad room
loudly come on let us do this prank bro
how nervous on a scale of 1 to 10
okay guys so so I just said the first
camera up in my dad's room is little bit
nervous
they don't have you me the
baby's gonna wear that that's my dad's
room so he's gonna think Ramsey already
stole it from him boys
so there's already myself in my dad's
room camera setup involved he's starting
to walk in turn on the light start
putting some of my dad's
that he uses for his work and cologne
and everything in the pail cases and
then my dad obviously in a wake up and
the way my dad's roll
brother this is insult to injury
swearing my dad's rope on straight
I'm sorry for watching this celery so
let me set this camera up there about a
gun robbed my dad while he's asleep
and
sorry huh
hold up it for would start that will
here I didn't know if we pull we know
you guys are famous and all okay yeah so
just don't mind we're leaving right now
you sure yeah you want to picture with
me god no I'm good
no I just got some stuff
sure yeah thank you alright I'm good
okay guys so at this point it turns out
my dad didn't even fully wake up he was
like you know that mode where you're
like half asleep half dreaming I don't
know that's I guess the mode he was in
and so we were gonna end the prank you
know whatever but then I told him I said
you know what go back in the room so
this is this I forced him to go back
this a second time go and so this second
time that they went in the room let's
just say that the sleep mode or half the
sleep mode that he was in let's just say
he was not in that mode anymore he was
fully awake and you could tell ballsy
Shh let's see boss
turn it
okay
nobody
she's going fishing
I worry ma'am Elvis fans fans yeah
thanks for what thank you so we watch
your kids on YouTube okay he goes huh oh
boy we know your whole helps to lay out
yeah yeah can we just do this when you
guys go from my garage is old garage is
open my friends are coming to boy your
friend this is one
why don't we got it from in his room
yeah so they say on their videos they
but they let people in their house so
we've not sure what good way to
Rondon brain decides clothes shops I was
going to love something do you glad you
come back because you guys this guy's
about this yeah do not use on your sonic
on the clip I'll ask it I don't want to
get like yeah what did you say the first
time I almost leave I don't look it's
just a light and get out yeah that's our
victim you get up the worst way so the
worst way to meet you Oh dad so what
were you going to do if I didn't come
out rocking them down Jordan okay we're
emptying it out this was the best way to
meet my dad no I'm just joking
god I was so so pig like I had thought
okay they thought my dad went back in
the room to call the cops I came out to
say no don't tell me just a prank keep
it going longer and when I came out my
dad saw me it turns out he was even
gonna call the cops he was about to hit
them so I saved them from getting hit
because I came out of the room
yeah that it's okay if they stole your
wallet and everything else look he was
wearing
he came out he hasn't put on shorts yeah
I thought I got something in his back I
was like you guys I was like here's our
famous we ready oh you
I told me already know your whole house
layout say we go see in the moment I
know uh okay guys honestly the first
time you guys walked into my dad's room
how was it What did he say
he was faced or okay uh-huh covered
himself with the mic you know famous and
all over just well study yeah yeah like
first time yeah and then uh he's like
okay get up I thought no and they said
you want a picture okay so apparently my
dad said he's like you want a picture
they said no and then he was like okay
just get on closer like shut the light
it turns out that he was like half
asleep he said he was like happy to
sleep you didn't know long yeah he knows
I got out to these two for doing
something that honestly I would never do
and I don't know if any of you guys
would ever do to someone you've never
met before but they actually make
youtube videos daily uploads pretty much
almost every single day so check out
Ramsey and Emile channel in the
description below they they do they do
of vlogs pranks and challenges so it's
pretty much like you're watching bra
tease but with two different people so
118 day upload streak and John a strict
professional yeah so he has his Mel
Gibson director camera so go ahead and
check their YouTube channels out there
tight
