okay guys Brian where'd you go oh okay
guys so I'm about to go to here I'm
talking behind the story he doesn't know
yet
so all these all these Afghan and
obviously all his cousins are Afghan so
they play in an Afghan tournament it's
like it was like in San Marcos it's a
Afghan tournament it's a huge thing like
there's a bunch of teams and it lasted
the whole weekend the winner gets like a
huge okie they named MVP and like all
all tournament first team and all that
Olly was playing with Rommel and salt
like all he was playing with his family
then then he switched teams he left
Robles team was electrum else to come he
went to a stacked team that's what they
told me Holly left you a tag team
trainer Ollie and so so rahmel was like
mad I was talking to Ramon that he was
like yeah watch if we face all in the
championship imma fuckin beat him I won
interferon and and I told him I was like
okay if you face all the in the champ
ship I'll come watch the game
he's and then ro Mel's like okay but
we're not gonna like cuz all we left
their teams it is playing the team play
wait no way they're in a way that's the
championship game today semifinals at
2:30 so the winner goes to me that's as
I grow girls tell me listen I'm gonna go
I'm gonna watch they're all he's playing
on some staff team I don't know I gave
her CPR my try to record some and then
it doesn't shoot the cousins he left are
playing against him and Romel was like
jokingly telling me he's like yeah if we
face Ollie in the championship game
I'm not fuckin losing he said he's an
Romel promise he's gonna drop 40 I said
it from I'll drop for driving 100 bucks
rahmel if you draw 40 points I'll give
you a hundred bucks but roemello saying
it jokingly sigh yeah but we're not
gonna get get it that far
I'll leave text me he's like bro fucking
show up at 2:30 so I thought of that I
said no so so Ollie left all he played a
chose to play on a different team than
his family and it turns out the team
with his cousins our fate now facing all
these so I only want to go because when
all he gets mad it's so funny hey hey
I'm bout to go watch all Ian Romel
played out while they're playing on
different teams and it's like a
championship game for a tournament yeah
2:30 and they were supposed to be
they're supposed to be on the same team
and all he went to a stacked team and
now Rommel told me if there was a bunch
of team so rimmel was just saying it for
a joke before the tournament started
he said if we face all these team in the
chairmanship I'm not losing and now
they're playing each other shall both of
them and and they're playing we've come
all to his other cousin so I'm setting
my girlfriend free she's gonna go do her
homework I don't even know what that
means honestly but what is this word
called homework me okay so she turning
down her homework to go to the mall with
my cousins - she's going to the mall my
cousin Stephanie shout out Steph for me
guys why am I depressed help I'm
depressed because mmm I had no idea all
Ian Romo we're actually gonna face off
against each other in the championship
game
so I was about to start editing my video
right now but I had promised them that I
would show up if they go so now I'm
pushing my video off and I hate it
because I wanted to get my video dump
for you guys but now it's going to be a
light upload watch it by the time you
watch this video that that video is
already gonna be uploaded but I just
hate uploading late I feel like a lot of
people are gonna miss my video so
they're gonna fall asleep thinking that
I didn't upload
I just hate uploading late but I did
promise them that I'll show up so I'm
kind of like stuck in the middle so now
I guess I'm just gonna upload late today
and I hate it it actually hurts my heart
a lot of people they get on camera and
be like yeah guys I'm so sorry for
uploading late I hate it and then off
camera they're just laughing no for me
you can even ask my girlfriend also
upset I was like babe I kind of just
want to stay and edit but you know what
guys sometimes you gotta put you got to
put your friends first and you could
edit I gotta just edit later I promised
my friends I'll show up to their game so
that's what I'm gonna do Brian
Romel said Romel said bring the camera
for the game because if I be oli I'm
spitting his face guys this is good
cousin good cousin love right here Rome
al-awliya good cousins
promotes promoting more handsome than
all the you got you believe it the
Hansen remotely is more handsome guys
look at what a hard worker my daddy's
hey Bosley okay so today with my dad
Dale he needed a lot of help at the
store my dad raced over on his day off
all the way to the store and now he's
staying till when till when is he
working maybe six or seven do you want
to come to the mall on me I just got
that guys we're gonna be so late because
Jordan who's my ride there cuz we both
promised Holly we were gonna go Jordans
about right there he was at the gym he
had to finish his full workout he
couldn't cut it short so now it's almost
220 all these game starts at like 230
240 or distill not here the place is
like 30 minutes away
we're like 30 minutes from where they
play so I was texting Jordan I was like
bro hurry up and he's like oh I've got
one more set I got to finish my workout
but he just called me saying he left the
gym Jordan Ali Jordan works out the
purpose he actually gets buff and he
eats any drinks protein shakes and he's
actually Jordan got some muscle so I
don't blame him you on control cop but
we're gonna be late we're probably going
to miss like a lot of the first half and
then catch the second half
are you could you put could you write
with marker bones Broadus owns and then
the arrow now I'm on my own that says I
am Basel you want to share - okay so I
just got off the phone with Jordan look
you won't believe what he said what your
outfit yeah well outside guys um Brian
guess what Jordan said look Brian get
the fuck off my phone look Jordan said a
I'm coming bro can you please make me a
protein shake for the way so Jordan just
left the game you want to fucking take
an Jordan so healthy he drinks it with
water not even an ill fine that shit's
nasty Jordan takes lifting actually
seriously unlike me and that's why he
gets results unlike me Jordan only plays
basketball like once or twice a week he
could control himself unlike me I can't
control myself I can't control myself
when it comes to bass alone my love for
the game is too strong I have to play
literally like five or six times a week
for Jordan he won the protein shake who
do I love more you are basketball no
guys she's just saying that guys
honestly I love my boy Holly in we love
Holly but we do it's so funny when he
gets mad so honestly I'm not saying I
wanted to lose I don't want my wallet
anyway I want him to lose but for the
vlog I kind of want some footage of all
give him some background on what
happened I told them I said I'm a
traitor I told him you were supposed to
play with family his cousins and he
traded to go on a stag team and now
facing off against his cousin all these
KD bro yeah bro that's right and the
worst part is even his own cousins they
were like we're not oh my god
Jackie fucking Speed Racer fuck
she can't wait to go talk to some other
dudes but no but yeah we're I mean I
hope all he wins but honest this
disgusting room I put water in it what
is it I swear to God look I'll turn the
camera off just so you know I'm not
doing well I wonder how Romel got to
this point because guys in case you
don't know raw milk no no but Romel he's
actually really good he's super cocky so
far I sell for Romel himself he told me
in joining site yeah we're not going to
make it to the championship we're
playing all these tough teams there's
all these good teams in the tournament
so I wonder how I wish we saw the
earlier games of how their team won so
it's a row Malcolm all those are all
these two cousins and then pretty much
all these best friends saw me and only
left their team but we're going to see
what happens bro we're so late the games
started right now we're still like 10 15
minute drive like night yeah until you
saw the college guys this is Ali's
sister right here we have ever been on
my channel oh you've been on Bryan's huh
okay Timothy two down okay guys this is
Ali's sister what's your name my name is
ara oh god no I don't like this let me
get I know Jackie complains about the
hey she said I look good so when my
supposed to do like this wrinkle it
opposes I'm still gonna post out okay
guys that's all these cousins sign up no
we won every time okay save it take and
that's all these cousin aka Romo sister
what's your name wanna my name what's
your name wanna okay so all these team
Ally I always just need you make
anything fun
oh it's kind of m1 Romel oh god okay
guys so we come a little
and Ali seems up by 26 it's 2652 so
rimmel rimmel promised me over text
before the game starting so we're
getting this win this euro male dog so
isn't that right there's see what Mel
he's ramela don't let the choppiness
fool you I'm good I'm serious he's
chubby but he can nail his fan he's
solid bro he's go where's all the uh
I'll leave on the bench
Ali since cats that's all he's fighting
with the ball tear up children Rimmel
Xuan for the vlog Kings gun why when
frontier rushed here multiple no I
didn't get that rimmel rimmel no longer
41 pulled up my Wood Brothers courts so
nice a ball hog
far the game's over
I could have been home editing my video
they don't let bake from here huh yeah
no they don't want to go tell their
number seven oh well is you oh yeah yeah
you remember
collaboration a great how many new tube
subs you have oh my like a million
shoutout to oh it's really taking over
all we do okay winners winners all we do
is win no matter what
okay watch watch watch walk with big
dude big control of step size when those
mad shout out Romel yeah I'll be here no
you can hear me trust me by the lane
Tennessee number field
yeah that's game over we promise to win
but this guy promised to when he got out
we in the buildings are in touch a shout
out she said
guys they cut the game with one minute
left they didn't even let us finish what
we killed him and I was a sick joke
championship 6:30 so let's get it
Romel promised me away roma roma team
had well 40 42 points he promised before
t himself oh no guys it was kind of not
too fair of a matchup but really nice
control it's me and Jordans me and
Jordan pulled up we were like what is
like college campus that's where guys
oli knows if I was an Afghan out around
this shit I ran the course literate no
you can't play unless you're Afghan akh
that's how the Afghans in the world we
love you guys shout to all the humans we
love you
shoutout to Jordan who doesn't give a
fuck about the vlog oh my
Jordan look at the cut we get Jordan's
arms you made me make my protein shake
to fucking drive you guys this is Ali's
teammates nephew but he has a name
what's your name pal are you a fan yep
trying to take Briony taking the
championship to school they taking it to
me knows I'm gonna try to come back for
the game I do thank you
here guys look at this school look at
their lunch menu chick-fil-a sandwich
bro our our menu we had the fucking nest
yes take look at the ring toss they got
me they got soda bro their soda what the
fuck bro grant orange soda no oh
orange orange soda straight-up orange
some guys are school what did we have we
had some fucking uh all ale member the
chicken and rice
no no I remember though the the spicy
chicken sandwiches oh they're like shit
is so weird
November the UH though what's it called
the three mozzarella sticks your Brown
mole you have any lunch ladies that she
liked that you remembered
yeah they all I could about one of the
worst ladies man the one with the mole
on her lip me oh yeah I swear and that's
like there's really one guys Jordan came
to pick up some
Phil's BBQ we can't eat here though cuz
I have to go back and edit my vlog for
you guys but he ordered it Kanika anyone
from San Diego no his best barbecue
Phil's barbecue dishes bomb honestly
I've never had it but if we're being
honest
joki pager yeah we wanted to eat here
but I have to go edit my video for you
guys if I finish my video in time
first of all shout out pie um the fan
that I just met
shoutout him guys let me catch you up
with what's going on
um so I'm like I said I couldn't start
my vlog earlier because I'd promised oli
in Rome oh we had promised them that we
would go show up so now we're racing
home I'm gonna try to finish my video
I'm gonna try to get it done so I can
come back and watch the last game always
playing in one last game for like the
final championship the problem is it's
already it's past four o'clock so and
the game is at 6:30 so I don't know if I
could I don't know if I could edit
render and upload a vlog all within two
hours but I'm gonna try and if I could
finish then we're gonna be back to the
championship game so anyone could do it
you can i'ma try but tough task we're
racing home right now so I could try to
finish my video but if we knew it was
gonna be such a blowout I woulda just
skip that game finish my vlog and came
to the championship that would have been
the logical thing to do but we didn't
know cuz Romel fuckin oh yeah we're
gonna wait us you know rimmel texted me
he said we're gonna win and I'm gonna
spin all these face after I swear God
look what Jackie got me from the wall
she surprised me with this windbreaker
like hold on I like you better unzipped
away guys look way out babe hold the
camera on a zip it up all the way here
guys look she got me this I surprised I
didn't even know I was young he
literally was pressuring me like
actually getting mad at mean it looks so
good on ya doesn't fit well yeah I
wanted this for so long but everywhere
we checked they were out of this color
they only had like red one what no
you're just so cute they only had red
white and blue and Jackie got me this
and now we can match you I love that
color that's gonna look really good on
ya and I have the green shoot my green
shoes so I can wear cargos with are you
wearing them already know that you wear
this time than my shoes in case I don't
know what shoes are and guys look the
one break oh wait look at the card
look the card is 20 she said it's our
anniversary and I like to hug you and
squeeze you and kiss you etc and then on
the inside I said especially the etc and
that's why I'm not going to all these
game anymore I'm just joking finishing I
think too late and look that's literally
Jackie don't do it go to me do what this
okay after 1000 ok guys so look I
actually I'm in love with this
windbreaker because I've been wanting it
for so long and they were out of it that
actually looks so good on you babe I
really like that color yeah I know I
like it
sip on sip it I feel like I'm stuff it
looks so if you everybody help me would
you have to take it back yeah babe no
but does it fit nice yeah hmm I like all
those colors on me well I want you to
try the green one I just want to see how
it likes it it looks smaller no she says
it's not supposed oh there's fucking
fans outside for the third time today
there's this is the third car that's
third different set of fans today I
don't know if if they think that me and
Brian make the videos as a joke or if
they think when we say can you please
not come to the house that means can you
please come to the house but we've said
plenty of times can you please not show
up to the house I'm still editing my
video it's not even uploaded yet there's
a third set of cards just while I've
been home in like the past hour hmm all
different people like me and Brian
literally nicely asked on Twitter and we
nicely say it in a video we say can you
guys please not shall hmm that looks so
good on you oh my god guys no but if
we're be gone favorite color looks so
good I'm sorry to interrupt you know I
just want to say there's a lot of people
in the comment section who tell me and
my brother that were being too nice
about and we asked to nicely and we need
to put our foot down and start being
mean about it
honestly stop coming to the fucking
house stop showing up to the home my mom
can't even take the trash out anymore
sometimes my dad wakes up at 5:30 a.m.
to go to work and there's people outside
and sometimes he gets back from work at
11:00 p.m. and there's people outside
like enough is enough me and my brother
have
that's not please no we hate being rude
we hate being rude to our own fans who
look up to us but if we're being honest
me and might have asked nicely on
Twitter we've made videos asking nicely
we say can you please respect our
privacy and this is what happens you get
taken advantage of when you act nicely
so no don't show up to the Holman way
I'm sorry to interrupt you but that
looks so good on you go show your mom my
mom and dad are out so we're home alone
hmm no guys if we're being honest I've
said a million times me and Brian I both
said if we're out in public and we're at
the mall and we're out anywhere other
than our house even if we're out in the
driveway okay it's fine but just don't
show up get out of your car and start
standing outside the front door and
banging on the garage or the door just
don't do that like please we don't show
up to your guys's home so please don't
show up to our home this is after all
the videos that we've made after all the
tweets that we put out asking please
don't show up to the house and we've had
three people in the past hours like
three do my baby that looks so good on
you for the millionth time the millions
billions trillions time me and Brian
rather than being mean about it rather
than like putting our foot down we asked
politely we asked nicely can you guys
please stop coming to the house it's
weird we need some privacy we tweet in a
nice manner we tweet saying please stop
showing up to the home and people take
advantage of that so I guess from now on
we got to put our foot down and there's
a lot of people who comment saying you
guys are being too nice about it now I
know what you guys mean I've been home
for one hour just one hour trying to
edit my video which is already a late
upload I was trying to make it to all
these game and three different cars I'm
not saying three fans multiple fans each
coming in different cards could you
imagine if me and Brian have never made
videos there would be literally a flock
of 50 people outside the home every day
like it's just too much it's too much
this is just a regular day like day we
wake up and we try to be with my dad and
everything like I don't know it's just
insane to me but about to finish my
video thank you babe for the gifts guys
about the whole fan situation let me I
don't want you guys to take it the wrong
way because a lot of people assume I
don't know how like honestly you got to
be dumb to assume oh wow you don't want
your fans to come to your house you
don't even
care about us were the reason you're
even in this position we understand that
just because we say don't come mm you
understand honestly if that's your logic
then you honestly don't have a brain but
honestly it's just safety more than
anything it's a it's a safety issue more
than it being annoying more than it
being rude it's just safety you hear
stories about people getting killed you
hear stories about people getting hurt
and like you think I want my dad to go
out at 5:00 in the morning on his way to
work and there's fans outside you think
I want him to come back from work I
almost midnight and there's people
waiting for him outside you think I want
my MOT like at least were men my mom's
look like my mom's a girl like she gets
she's scared I don't want to go you know
take out the trash go go get her some
late-night snack I like midnight and
there's people waiting for her outside
it's just like yes it is rude and it is
annoying like like you saw in one hour I
was only home for one hour and three
different cars came by while I was
trying to edit yelling through the
window and some of them were knocking on
the garage it but yes that's annoying
but it's not about that it's just safety
lower than anything and also that guy
who I said please don't come to the
house anymore
he actually tweeted to me after he said
you know what he said he said wow you're
so mean you're so rude we only knocked
one time I said bro it's not about how
many times there should have been zero
knocks your answer should have been
we only know zero times like there
shouldn't be anybody at like the fact
that your logic is oh we came to the
house but we didn't bang on the gate we
like just don't please don't show up to
the home and a lot of people say oh well
if you don't want fans to show up to the
house why don't you do some meet and
greets if you follow me on Twitter you
see every single time I'm out every time
I either tweet it and I tell people to
come or on snapchat
I'll snapchat where I am and I wait for
people to show up I even wait like if I
have to leave but fans tell me that
they're coming I wait for the fans just
like today I'm going to be at Escondido
mall I'm not sure what time but I will
tweet it I'm going to be at the mall
today so you can't say oh well if you
didn't meet and greets people when you
show up cuz I do always try to let
people oh no it's just safety more than
anything I hate hey hey to would hate to
ever be rude to our fans especially
people that come here but that's why we
ask nuts because we never want to let it
get to the point where we have to be
rude about it you've seen Beauty closet
you've seen other u2
videos and they're very rude about it
and they take a stand right away and I
guess they do it the right way me and my
brother just have we have too soft of
hearts that we say it too nicely and
look what happens when you say nicely
you get it you get taken advantage of
because so many tweets so many videos
and people still show up it's clear that
you can't be nice about this subject you
gotta put your foot down and we hate to
do it this way but there's no more
showing up to the home guys I don't know
if look look at this shit
why would Charlie's Philly you think
people could chew this look I had to
literally eat around it because look
babe do you hear that look look listen
this this tasted and feels like someone
took a chunk of the blacktop like the
street outside from here and just cooked
it on like why would you even look at
this and serve it it literally tasted
like a chunk of the freeway that I Drive
on we're not animals we don't have
animal teeth we're humans we can't chew
this
it's almost broke mine and Jackie's
tooth look ah putting the fat of pure
nastiness aside like putting aside that
people don't eat this just cuz it's
gross it's just not like not healthy for
you I'm not sure this is very healthy I
don't know I just don't see how as a
worker there you can actually see this
and serve it to a customer I don't know
and I don't like to waste food I was
starving so I tried my best to eat it
cuz like why would you waste a whole
meal but honestly it was like not no
it's not your fault it was this it's
just with like not physically possible
to for a human to bite this I guys
Jackie tweeted the picture of the Philly
cheesesteak and someone replied saying
what did they say someone said return
that shit back someone said I wouldn't
eat that no yeah someone said that's
pretty much like burning your money it
already burned all over guys my
girlfriend said it was so hard to find a
anniversary card for me because all of
them were so sweet I have to find
something sexual
she knows me that's not all I'm good at
that's one of the things on it okay
