you
okay guys yeah so in case you're
confused
no you weren't dreaming I actually did
drive here but the reason we're walking
we just wanted to explore downtown LA a
little bit so on oh my god just ran over
over ran away holy shit
damn I didn't get he passed all the
traffic and freaking went over the whole
tree and left what comes shortly so you
had the place that we wanted to get food
from it's like a pizza place a pizza
shop wait it's like a pizza shop but we
didn't want to drive there we just
wanted to walk around a little explore
it's a beautiful day today it's probably
like 70 degrees today so we decided
decided
the hardest workout of my
yeah guys were about we just decided to
walk this morning well I decided Jackie
didn't want to walk but so we're walking
a little bit of downtown LA right yes I
know small a street
like scary yeah all I needed was Bugsy
don't imagine to hold the leash so yeah
guys we're gonna go get some pizza I
found a spot that was like it's like
less than a mile of a walk so and I'm
not going to the gym today obviously so
I guess it's good this replaces my
lunchtime basketball no but honestly the
weather is actually beautiful today it's
not cold at all and it's not hot it's
perfect it's like I'd say like 70
degrees no but it feels like you know
the early morning hikes even though it's
like 12 o'clock the early morning hikes
that married couples go on and sometimes
the wife wings the baby with the
stroller and they run except we're
walking to go get fucking pizza guys so
we're walking to the pizza place and we
found Brian's favorite hotel he loves
singing in this hotel he said
okay thank you okay thank you okay guys
so just confirmed they don't have a gym
at the hotel we're seeing a so I came to
Big Five to purchase purchase some
weights for one workout for the day
let's see I could purchase some
dumbbells for my arms oh I could buy a
bench for some chest I'm just joking I'm
not actually gonna buy shit for a
workout I just came to look at the
basketballs I should though
I should buy enough for a one workout
and then keep the receipt in return then
I said that so loud
but yeah they robbed a gym in our hotel
so no work out for me today I'm not
using them right
oh that's five it's too much for you
what actually can watch me by benchpress
multiple dumbbells a bunch of fucking
place service Keith or Z and then return
them all after I workout in the hotel
should I know I just came here to look
at the buff this is my type wait that's
my max I'm acting on a weight to curl
yeah guys this is how you get big biceps
like mine you just you max out right
here
why no don't wear the mask wait look at
me without the mask
no wait smile it's a picture it's a
picture you're lying I know you can't
it's a no it's it's a different kind
it's not for this but we put it like
that hey I want this one manly you put
the water right over my oh my gos why
which one
for me perk one orange
you would wear that but you know there's
probably a return to one and you touched
it yeah cuz you want to be a princess
okay guys so I just finished uploading
my video Tom is it 220 now we're gonna
start getting ready for the concert wait
did you bring your ticket
oh yeah guys I have my ticket in the car
honestly thought I forgot it at home for
a second oh my god that would be so bad
could you imagine if I left it at home
hey I'm about to hop in the shower and
then get ready it's like 2:30 so we
still have a bunch of time but I tweeted
out that we were going to be in LA and
obviously from my blogs people know and
for my snapchats people know that we're
out here in LA and going to the Drake
and future culture so I think we're
going to go to the Staples Center a
little early so that we can meet some
fans because a lot of people are saying
they're in the LA area hopefully I don't
get tricked by fans Lee and I've been
tricked before where people say oh
please come here you know we're dying to
meet you and I'm going in there there's
actually nobody there it's just like
some dick who makes a fake Twitter
account just to tell me they're big fans
and everything but no this time in the
LA area people know that we're here for
the drink and future concert they're not
going to the concert but they're going
to be outside of Staples Center so me
and Jackie are probably going to go a
little early to meet you guys and I'm
gonna tweet it out once I'm finally
there so I can't wait to me a lot of you
guys looking forward to it actually a
lot of people already tweeting me saying
hey I'm in LA where you at so we should
meet a lot when we go down to on the
arena the Staples Center guys I'm only
ready with the fake gold chain like
that's how you know I'm actually ready
to go right oh my god you went through
the fucking lashes I got you for your
birthday so fast
wait the green
so I'm sitting here editing and I just
finished editing the clip when my
girlfriend was in her white tank Oh does
she not she looks like a beautiful angel
I don't care like someone put a halo
over her head because she in that white
she looks like an angel I swear she's so
beautiful I like it
get I've already forgot to go 5 p.m. I
just tweeted out or that tweet I said in
front of the Staples Center 5 o'clock if
you guys are on the area and want to say
what's up so we should meet some people
there ice is gonna be there oh yeah
Kai's just texted me so I'm gonna meet
cops for the first time the collab
supposed to collab a couple weeks ago
but but um our times get kind of didn't
me and then I started school and got
busy in we're going to meet today so
obviously plan a date to collab it was
just wrong place at the wrong time when
we were supposed to collab to his car
got towed I started school it was just
wrong place at the wrong time at the
wrong time but we still text we still
talk so we still plan on doing a collab
guys I was all hyped about my gold chain
then I started staring in the mirror for
like more than 10 seconds you know how
when you look at yourself for too long
you realize how ugly you actually look
and I was like okay yeah I was like like
you know when at first glance you look
decent but then you keep looking and
you're just like oh shit I look ugly so
I took off a gold chain it's too fake I
don't want Drake to call me out in the
crowd
be like eh yo bitch with the fake gold
chain okay let's go yeah guys the dude
who robbed all of Drake's deejays
jewelry got caught it in case you guys
didn't know he robbed three million
dollars worth of jewelry from Drake's
tour bus I don't know how the fuck he
got in while Drake was performing in
Phoenix this dude guy in the tour bus
and took yeah a briefcase of three
million dollars and reports came out
that Drake was fucking his like any
Simon his jewellery was his DJ's look
future The Prince and they caught it
they caught this guy one day later guys
look there's so much traffic right now
on the way to the arena we decided we
would stop by I'll put local just
chillin my car
eat before we go just let the traffic
pass a little and look there's my taco
if you're wondering why it's up there
because a chunk fucking spilled on my
shorts and look it's stained it was aa
baccardo tomato a piece of chicken of
course right before the concert why fuck
tacos lager snapchatter
I know your snapchat story is better
than my phone yeah it sold out the
window
oh well done - what's your name Brandon
Brandon is it but he's a these two are
huge fans come here they they came up
they said Thank You Man appreciate it
and then they did my life to do it one
time
what's your name I'm Leo Leo what'd you
say shoutout to regular skip Prince
breakfast tiiime
shoutout jawani alright shout-out to you
guys okay you guys can't hear my
okay guys so before we enter the
building don't worry don't worry the
vlog is not over here I'm not here to
close out the vlog um before we enter
the Staples Center I just want to tell
you guys how much this concert actually
means to me in case you guys haven't
been subscribed for awhile or in case
you guys don't keep up with me that
closely in case you guys didn't know
Drake Drizzy Drake is literally like the
only artist I listen to heat my whole
playlist on my phone is Drake my whole
like I loved you I still bump nothing
was the same I still bump fuse I still
bump take care so far gone like Drake so
this concert I was so hyped I've been
waiting I think three four months ever
since the tickets came out you know more
on this later but I just want to give a
huge shout out to see geek for taking me
um it's a crazy experience more on this
later for now I was fucking high for
this concert and I was waiting months
and months and months for and here it
was I was so excited and little did we
know where we were sitting right next to
us so here's where we're sitting and
then right here right next to us is the
VIP celebrity like special invite from
Drake himself or from the people onstage
themselves those are the only way you
can get in that section and we were
sitting right next to them next to all
the celebrities VIP so you're gonna
enjoy this next part of the vlog tune in
guys this dude Jesse say what's up so
he's he's been how long have you been
watching right over it
a year home because I remember he
literally tweets to me
about my videos all the time so as soon
as he told me he was coming here I
recognized him right away so thank you
both
guys I don't know why I didn't read
anything or I didn't hear anything but I
just I have a feeling that Drake's and I
bring out yg because first of all it's
it's not like they came out with a new
hit single literally like recently that
blew up and second cuz YG's always in LA
I don't know
Drake brought out Eminem in Detroit he
brought out with your honor like and
last yeah he brought out Rihanna he went
into Rihanna too but I don't know I just
feel like he's gonna bring out yg that's
my guess remember remember this if it
had been what I tweeted it before -
that's my guess for his special guest
appearance
she's complaining about the frame it's
been gauged it's been like almost we're
ending the timid holy shit am I in the
vlog you're in the log bro yo I can't
believe I'm finally the vlog bro yo I'm
such I watch the vlogs everyday well he
had my apparel too but just take it off
though dude I'm wearing it underneath I
wear it everywhere I go
bro hey my name is Tim check me out
please leave my libra gaashah I'm just
walking down finding my seat and I run
into it all of a sudden all of a sudden
that we're doing man
we have a lot of the same audience so we
don't collapse ooh we were talking and
he actually challenged me a 101 min he
challenged it any city's going to take
it so I've been practicing this okay
Lakers over Suns called me all day okay
I'm not losing this one I want anymore I
swear to you I'm not I wrote last to
finally meet you people been asking for
hey this is a good dude man make sure
you guys subscribe don't like a scribe
he's a good dude
I mean his brother respect collapse
coming soon eh all that good stuff I'll
leave in my bio to you guys if Drake
doesn't perform Marvin's room that I
consider my money wasted
I consider this time wasted if Drake
doesn't come out with Marvin's Room
correct or no yeah but Marvin sir
Marvin's Room number one and so we're
waiting Andre yeah it wasn't because I
spilled my drink look where's she at
right here my girlfriend said oh there's
two OG and I went to say Who and I went
like this my drink fuckin spilled all
this although it's still long before the
securities were going to kill me I'm
like oh I'm so sorry but yeah we're
waiting for a Drake right now he's
supposed to come out in like five
minutes
I already know my girlfriend loves Drake
more than
she won't admit it but I know
so my little section I need you to stay
alive tonight my right side I need you
to stay alive tonight I'll have salad
was mother
shit
ah
Hey
we used to call me on my cell phone
I see webinar services near
trust me I'm glad y'all standing I like
this section you for loans right
was going on talk to Doug I'm fuckin man
man
you
anything but I just I have a feeling
that Jason to bring out yg because first
of all it's it's not like they came out
with a new hit single literally like
recently that blew up and second because
yg is always in LA I don't know who I
don't know I just feel like he's gonna
bring out yg that's my guess
remember remember this if it has what I
was going to solve a kid
Oh
one
the Cougar
Oh
okay guys it is time for the most
depressing story of my life so actually
let me start out by saying one thing
LeBron's wife needs to what wait the
fuck she needs to control her man
because wake up every single girl that
walked by LeBron had to say something
even if he knows anything he had to
stare and make a face like drowning as
you know let's die like yeah you would
turn Luis friend be like you know it but
anyways let me tell you the saddest
story ever so in case you guys didn't
know obviously no I'm not a Cavs fan but
I'm a huge LeBron fan if you were
subscribed to me through the throughout
the NBA Finals I wanted
LeBron to win I was happy you got a
LeBron ian's you could hate him you
could love him you could fucking
disrespect him but you can't change the
fact that he's one of the greatest
players to ever set foot on the course
so you know where me and Jackie were
sitting a lot of celebrities were
walking right past us because that's
where like the reserved um VIP area was
was right next to us
you know yg was walking past Chris
Brown's eggs whatever and I get up to go
buy a drink before the concert starts
you know I went to go get a bottled
water fucking it like ten missed calls
from Jackie I was ignoring them on
purpose I only answered one she said she
said babe
LeBron's here I said babe no he's not
she said yes LeBron and and Chris and I
said no they are not yeah and I knew was
Chris Bosh right away but she told me
that I fucking said no they are done and
I go lo and behold LeBron James fucking
right in front of me but while I was by
my dream no okay so when I was buying my
drink LeBron was literally like ride it
like legitimately right next to Jackie
like right in front by the time I got
there he was already in the VIP area so
I got the snapchat like hold on guys
look how weird they opened the gate
watch someone's gonna scream at me from
the top door yeah hey welcome I mean
thank you shit so weird oh yeah guys so
by the time I went back LeBron was
already in the VIP area
so imagine you thought I was closed for
the snapchats could you imagine if
I was there could you imagine Falls
there and I didn't go get fucking water
that water but have been the best
tasting water I ever tasted whole life
okay guys I need to park me LeBron made
eye contact three million times once he
came out I honestly I didn't even look
at Drake the whole show I didn't look at
Jackie coming hey hey I couldn't vote
literally but listen guys I met Kai so
Mara I met Timothy DeLaGhetto Drake on
stage future on stage yg on stage LeBron
and Chris Bosh right in front of me
Rihanna right in front of me fucking
Chris Brown's ex wait what she don't
that he be or no
how much fun did you have honestly those
I've ever met in my life
thank you so much yeah guys once when I
came on look we're sanding the way I
could refer back with my phone back
well it wouldn't it wouldn't have been
able to show be shown in the vlog but as
soon as work came on I just i sat him I
just sat down took a seat grab her ass
and I was like wave come here that's
what I felt house where do you work I
know okay but yeah guys it was actually
an amazing time like Drake knows how to
perform honestly so I mean you better
daughter perform you got that fucking
reputation you Drake so yeah that shit
was crazy they brought up I knew they
were gonna bring up like I know he was
for like two days I just felt it because
like yeah yeah no because first of all
they just came out with why you always
hane obviously that shit made it big
time what's it called
ty bad sign came out too and then
Rihanna didn't get on stage but she was
like right next to us she was dancing to
this song how cute yeah man I do not
know where to start
um like I promised earlier in the video
I'm giving full a shout out to SeatGeek
take a side seat geek but listen all I'm
gonna say yg
Rihanna drake future type ålesund
LeBron Chris Bosh they were right next
to me like right next to me and none of
that would have been possible if it
wasn't for SeatGeek thank you guys so
much TV for taking me I appreciate it in
case you guys do not know what's Iggy
kids so you guys have heard of
Ticketmaster you guys I've heard of
stuff up
seize all those ticket sites well CD is
the best easiest way to purchase your
tickets and you could think online or
you could check it out yourself they
give you a grade on everything you're
trying to buy from a through F so you
know exactly which one you're getting
ripped off with and which one you're
getting a great deal and to top it off
you could use my promo code the link is
in the description below or you could
simply type it in BA that has to be the
easiest promo code on the whole entire
Internet and you get $20 back on your
first purchase so not only is are
already the cheapest ticket site not
only is it the easiest way to get your
tickets but you get $20 back on your
first purchase so why not Drake still
going on a tour so this concert vlog
made you want to be a Drake because if
we're being honest I'm going back I
don't care I'm going back he has three
more shows in LA in Inglewood and I'm
gonna go back to my brother that show
was epic props to Drake he has the arena
turned upside down he he lit that place
up like everybody that I've been to
multiple concerts I've seen future
before I've seen I've seen a bunch of
artists and nothing like Drake Drake he
he had that place going wild so credit
to him I'm definitely going back he
still has a bunch of tour dates so if
you're looking to go on one of his uh to
one of his concerts check out see geek
like I said the link is in my
description below but it's not only for
concerts sporting events to football
season just started canva fucking smash
yesterday by the way I don't know how
they didn't throw that flag
anyways that's none of my business NBA
season is about to start
we are spore fans we got concerts any
events check out SeatGeek cheapest
easiest and you get $20 back like I said
I had an amazing time hands down the
best aunt I've ever been to and I'm
going back before this tour ends up my
brother is actually in LA right now
siegy took him to so shout out to them
man if you guys want to check them out
link is in the description below Drake I
give him props I like I said I've been
to multiple concerts hands down the best
concert I've ever been to he knows he
knows how to get people hyped
trust me it was crazy thank you guys so
much for watching
but wadis I'm out one more huge shout
out to sea geek if they didn't put me so
close to LeBron I wouldn't have been
able to snapchat him and TMZ would have
never been
able to steal my video so courtesy of
TMZ who stole my video without giving me
any credit on their making a ton of
money off it
see geek I'm giving you guys thank you
from TMZ themselves because they won't
say it but TMZ you got to thanks Iggy
because if it wasn't for them you
wouldn't have been able to steal my
snapchat story now guys but really I
woke up like in the hotel the next
morning and I had a bunch of tweets from
my fans tagging me in TMZ's video and
apparently TMZ took my snapchat story
and they claimed it as their own
they took my snapchat story of LeBron
dancing and they put their own TMZ
sports watermark on the video they took
out my captions and they claimed it as
their own they're making a ton of money
off of it they didn't give me any credit
at all they claimed it as if one of
their TMZ reporters were there and other
sites are taking that video and other
websites are using it and they're saying
credit to TMZ for this video shoutout to
TMZ for this video I got to do something
about that but um like to me if you're
gonna take my snapchat make money off of
it that's shitty but whatever fuck it
whatever but the fact that you're gonna
put your own TMZ sports watermark on it
and claim it as if one of your reporters
like that she was insane but we gotta do
something about that so TMZ sports
fuckin I don't know I was crazy
Oh
