guys we just left the concert honestly
you don't want to know you don't want to
miss a concert vlog really quick let me
just give you a preview of why no we
will let them decide what if the concert
is the best let me just tell you guys I
was literally like two feet away from
LeBron James
Chris Bosh Rihanna yg I was literally
like LeBron me LeBron Legault made eye
contact three million times once LeBron
got on one once LeBron was like he
literally was standing right next to me
the whole fucking time once he came out
I honestly I didn't even look at Drake
the whole show I didn't look at Jackie
hey hey
I couldn't vote literally one of the
greatest players to ever hold a
basketball to ever step foot on a
basketball court was two feet away from
me he was turned he was fucking turned
Chris Bosh was so angry for some reason
why G Oster Rihanna was right in front
of us it was crazy was insane like so
you guys do not want to miss the concert
tomorrow and I got a lot of footage for
you guys too I thought I was only gonna
get a little and I met also I met a lot
of youtubers there too got them in my
vlog so don't miss tomorrow's video
trust me LeBron James was right next
week okay I was fan blowing over LeBron
James I don't care so listen guys I met
kaizo more I met Timothy DeLaGhetto
Drake on stage future on stage yg on
stage LeBron and Chris Bosh right in
front of me Rihanna right in front of me
fucking Chris Brown's ex wait what she
don't that he be or know as whatever
Chris Brown's ex a ton of fans is just
just trust me when I say tomorrow's vlog
might be one of my best ones yeah like
this concert was dope and oh and I
spilled my drink and almost spilled on
your welcome
you'll hear the story tomorrow's vlog of
I was so depressed know they'll hear why
I'm depressed about the LeBron James
thing the phone call that I got from you
so just tuned in for tomorrow's video
trust me
you
but for now enjoyed this vlog this long
actually turned out to be really funny
and includes a Brian my cousin Amanda my
dad my mom Bosley the usual so on the
test my girlfriend is you should stay
tuned and watch this vlog you're naked
okay waited so much that they watch the
vlog yeah okay guys I need to end but
clip now I hope you guys know those
aren't you those are for Brian's guys
we're looking for one time I gave my dad
bands that I honestly have no idea where
they are I think we lost them but look
we're looking for the vans and I
realized look these are mine I own a
pair of chucks and I never wear them
later that I don't think well you can't
work in these it would hurt your feet
but I literally have a pair of chucks
that I haven't worn them in like over a
year I forgot I even had them they were
just stashed in the back I never wear
the money to bring those out soon dad
honestly if they're not in your room
then my mom probably gave them so that
go show me the shirt loose one way I
don't know buddy
you didn't save the shirtless one no the
ashanti videos are mine oh I just wanted
to wait you know I actually did see that
oh my god I know I know I'm stupid I
want to wait is that your girl oh no
that's uh Amanda hey you don't have the
joel is nice you should accept that
story those are my stories professor
that you Oh see Brian knows me he
personally sent me that guy's uh ja rule
was like you know how like people love
like ariana grande and like that now ja
Rule was yeah you know girls do for
Justin Bieber that's how I was for ja
Rule when I was a kid man I tell them
what I was gonna let recruited by a CIA
but I'd like to make concerts in the
garage okay
like it was me it was me I would be
Ashanti and he would be Gerald
right here and then he plugged in one
time with this old 1985 fucking stereo
and just liked it it and go I wanted to
be Jarl so bad I couldn't go to the
concert because it brought back too much
what he called anybody to go now stole
Josh yeah it would like it would
probably like I couldn't do it so I just
watched the snapchat stories from bed
and I was crying and Brian sent me them
personally cuz he knew he sent me ja
Rule shirtless loudly did you go to the
concert but yeah guys I honestly like my
childhood flashed right before my eyes
when I was watching all the snapchat
stories of last night everybody at the
concert now I just didn't want to go
because like it was just I look I used
to love darling Ashanti and like it
would bring back too many memories why
from the youtubers over oh yeah oh my
god yeah if I've fucking if the
youtubers over party comes across my
channel dome for all I say is fuck fuck
fuck look what you want me to bleep that
out and you want me to hang out with
Jackie without like touching her like
what am I supposed to fucking do I don't
know I don't care I'm still doing it
guys um oh yeah first of all I just have
a couple of complaints about the concert
last night how old is jarl and Ashanti
Charles like 54 library
oh he's 40 yet and he will and he was in
jail and his career got shut down by
Eminem and 50 cent so how do they
remember the song are you sure that was
really her though it was just a girl
yeah but how do you know it was really
her what if it was just so random
wait did I Shanti died in a plane oh no
that was Ali wait so you didn't put why
didn't put Charles shirtless on your
story why'd you only send that to me
because I know you wanted me shirtless
actually I don't know let's see is when
they first Kayla yeah
which I will change like 10 outfits
that's the denim look at these alive or
dead well you're not getting any yeah
guys how do they remember the songs cuz
usually when I say something I forget it
like the next day how does ja Rule
remember his songs from ten years ago no
it's not
cuz ja Rule and Ashanti was my shit when
I was younger I used to literally try to
be ja rule with the concerts I would be
I was Brian my brother had his poster
with the red background in his heels
like this with the tattoo on his chest
no was Beyonce I was so mad cuz for my
birthday my cousin got me a Beyonce
poster and I wanted a ja Rule one I was
only I was such a young boy Wei Brian
are they performing again cuz I would go
now I wish I went yeah cuz it's in
trouble gonna die soon or no yeah he's
already been all the way retired guys
wasy retired yesterday on twitter
did you see white Bosley was actually so
sad that Lil Wayne retired
oddly where you said cuz so there's what
I was talking about
supposedly Wayne hung up his boots I am
now this is I don't know if I believe it
or not but this is from his very own
Twitter I am now defenseless and
mentally defeated I leave gracefully and
thankful I love my fans but I'm done and
it has like almost a hundred thousand
retweets so - gee I don't know
ah man in honor
fuck everybody r.i.p well he didn't die
but i still r.i.p
wayne you were a real one paying my
respect to one of the greats and yes I
am still naked
guys my dad's at work my moms at the
mall I'm home alone with Brian jack is
about to pull up but she's not here yet
so you know what time it is Brian hates
when I do this walking around the house
naked featuring Brian Brian Brian where
are you
hold on app to show you something haha
Brian we're brothers God Brian so weird
Brian you're so weird that's my favorite
segment when I'm home alone I'll do it -
Jackie guarantee she'll have a different
reaction than Brian that's right you
heard correctly Jackie's coming over and
home alone I am hi - best news of my
life
now that it makes a difference whether
I'm home alone or not because I'd still
be beaten anyways but the only
difference is like when there are people
home and you know I'm between the you
know the cheeks the only difference is
that like we got to be on mute the
volume has to be at most level 1 but now
with nobody home sounds can be over
exaggerated you know like the sounds
could be on level 10 but nobody's home
you could kind of let loose and so in
case you guys haven't figured out by now
I don't give a fuck about what I say on
my channel time to get in between the
cheeks just joking guys I'm a virgin a
lot of you guys are gonna say what do
you mean you're home alone Brian's here
but honestly I be extra lot for Brian
because I wanted to learn and you can't
really learn by watching because I
really want to watch I don't care for me
he could watch me but I don't see my
girl Oh Jackie's here she's ready for it
did she keep giving me look yeah god I
know you on
oh the white jeans that I built yeah I
want Brian to here because I want him to
pick up some tips and he can't learn by
watching this so he could learn by
hearing it so I'll be extra life for
Brian I'd be going ham for Brian like
when I'm when I'm in between like when
I'm being I'm just like I'm dedicating
this to Brian I'm screaming like in the
back of my head Brian listen to me
pick up some tips and tricks' listen
Brian that's like that's my whole
purpose of when I go and it's only for
my brother Brian I dedicate I dedicate
my heart and soul when I'm when I'm
in-between um it's all for Brian that's
what I do it for that's what I do it for
guys I'm sitting here editing and like I
just realized I come off as like such a
fuck-boy sometimes my acting and me
being sarcastic is a little too good
like in that whole clip I was coming off
as an extreme fuck boy like a major
douche bag fuck boy and in the beginning
clip before that I was pretty much
coming off I was pretty much acting like
a dude who was like gay for Joe rule as
a joke not really okay fine maybe that
one wasn't a joke but still but I feel
like some people can't tell when I'm
joking so like I'm not trying to be
talking about my acting is to like I
make a joke and then I don't laugh
so that whole clip before talking about
that stuff was me trying to be a fuck
boy that is not how I am in real life
that was me putting on a show I guess
I'm a very nice person
and I see a lot of people comment do
discuss such a fuck boy this guy's a
typical douchebag that is me putting on
a show I am purposely acting like that
in some of my clips and I try to make it
obvious and it comes off as obvious to
myself but obviously that's because I
know me I know I'm the one making the
joke sometimes it comes off as too
serious but I just realized that
sometimes it's hard for people to catch
when I'm joking for the ones that catch
when I'm joking Bravo but to the ones
who don't it might be my fault because I
don't laugh or I don't make it obvious
that I'm being sarcastic but no I'm not
a fuck-boy no I'm not a douche bag I
just put on an act like that which was
what the whole last clip was I'm just a
very sarcastic person and I like to joke
around literally like 99.999% of my life
I'm hardly ever serious and I hope you
guys realize that because I promise you
I promise when I'm not joking or putting
on a little act I'm a very nice person
like I'm really nice keep watching this
vlog guys and I
you guys / was--had thank you so much
fuck you I'm just joking that was an act
to see guys she stole that she's wearing
a tablecloth that was not the first time
we hung out we actually really hung out
like talked funk I remember because I
went home like super late yeah we went
home at like 5:00 in the morning god yes
sometimes when I'm in my room I just
want to text vine swing by and come
listen by the door
I try to text him but he doesn't show up
or maybe he does I don't know he doesn't
tell me huh like listen to me
I want Brian to come to the door listen
Brian I'll let you know like 10 more
minutes
they've you know Brian got mad at me
because I ran to him naked downstairs
why what did he get mater why did I run
to him naked
well I rent him naked he's my brother
and he got mad I don't know why would he
get mad would you get mad and when you
get mad if I ran into you Oh Fozzie stop
licking your paw the vet said not to do
it yeah I'm right here this is God
speaking Bosley guys holy shit my hands
are still shaking from the pre-workout
look I could barely hold the camera guys
Jackie's priest confronted her he said
you have time to go to Disneyland in LA
but you don't kind of bring your
boyfriend to church I do do Church you
never asked me to go yeah exactly
so you have time to come to my house you
have time to go to Disneyland and go to
parties and all that but you don't
family go to church with me yeah I do
oh yeah Jackie got confronted by her
priest father Nick father Nick okay all
the father's only have two names either
Michael or Nick or John farver John
really oh no way
or a Lil John father John cause it looks
like Red John really which one is the
one that sings to the window to the wall
guys Jackie said she doesn't know how to
flex go flex no you don't have to shake
your face just flex okay five do flex uh
turn to me now flex with both ends do
now do the triceps how I told you to go
down not that hard and then the biceps
yeah when you go up and now flex for the
camera I like your t-shirt I think I'm
supposed to have muscle here no no it's
okay if you have some fat here yeah
that's why you say to you say Oh baby
look guys my girlfriend's bringing me
food while I edit my video but what are
you gonna bring me no I'm not gonna make
you in that line it's probably not long
right now yeah it is
anything I was always long no matter
what yeah but I can eat something with a
short line guys you know what she said
look this why I literally love Jackie
said babe can you give me a back massage
really quick she said yeah only if you
let me bring you food so I said okay so
I got a back massage and she's bringing
me food oh my freak out okay
one two three guys imagine imagine how
good I am to her for her to want to give
me a back massage stretch my legs out
and bring me food either I'm really good
too or I'm or I do really good to you
complaining I can't also see you guys
you give and you get back oh just wait
till the comments wow she's so dirty how
could you do dude yeah it's not like
she's been dating you smell like she's
your girlfriend ow
okay guys so I'm setting my girlfriend
free flex from you one time to watch 2
Chainz between silver
and one this is how you have to rock the
bharatas apparel with two watches
Jackie's already flexing without having
to flex with the watches this guy from
Baris he was so scary hold on not him
him John babe how scary is he he's
scarier than me hey guys he's actually
so intimidating look hold up him he's so
freaking mean guys he's so scary hey
that is not me the actual surface of
stuff you're a cloud of negative thighs
and she's looking I'm serious
I'm literally all about positive vibes
literally - okay now - left Drake shut
the fuck up guys I literally couldn't
fall asleep for the death of me
so out in the shower oh no I'm just
bored I can't go to sleep my sleeping
schedule needs to change my sleeping
habits
yes I'm naked right now but my freaking
sleeping habits need to change I I was
in bed at like 11 before you know it's
like 1:45 I can't go to sleep I'm like
you know what I'm not I'm just hopping
the shower right now so I'm about to try
to go to sleep again bump some Drake
Drizzy and try to go to sleep a measure
on this is over
away my favorite verse right now forget
it stone that's my favorite verse from
the song guys I stay bumping Drake I
swear in the shower about to fall asleep
or when I'm driving I stay bumping
Jaitley's guys I need to sleep early I
guess sleep early cuz I gotta wake up
early tomorrow to go play lunchtime bass
bought the gym so I gotta sleep soon aka
sleep right now guys so I'm up it's like
I don't know to 20 right now reading
some Phoenix Suns articles you already
know tyler ulis dragon bender alan
william marquis chris and look who
decided to join us
the Internet's favorite dog or most
hated dog I don't know Boswell yeah
Bosley you decided to pull up oh shit
Bull Rescue ok Bosley go to sleep now
i'ma read my articles you go to sleep ok
ok guys so if you're here right now
expecting the Drake and future concert
vlog I have some bad news for you first
of all we don't want to spoil the
concert cuz the whole video is coming
out tomorrow ok first of all how fun was
it so much Bowser first time seeing
Drake and she loves Drake more than she
loves me so imagine ham imagine yes
don't why you could say it once for the
vlog ok guys she loves Drake more than
she loved me it was super fun the sad
news is we have to check out right mount
I didn't get to finish editing the Drake
and future concert vlog so that video
won't be up till tomorrow that's the bad
news if you came here for the concert
vlog you gotta wait till tomorrow but
what I did finish editing was I finished
editing this other vlog which actually
turned out to be really funny so on I
apologize it's it's time to check out
obviously can't edit while I Drive I
can't upload while I'm driving I tried
to get the concert vlog done but we're
gonna be late to check out we solve it
we have to pack all of our stuff so I'm
gonna edit that when I get home
Drake and future concert vlog will be
done tomorrow I apologize if you came
here for the concert it's a really cool
video I already started editing the
concert vlog but in the meantime I hope
you guys enjoyed this one and thank you
guys so much for watching but we need to
get out of this hotel right now before
they charge us extra at least I didn't
leave you guys empty-handed I didn't
leave you with nothing I got this vlog
done so enjoy this one well this is from
the day before we left to LA so this
vlog is at the day before
