guys I'm low-key heavily stressing right
now look at this look at the time it is
6:41 p.m. right now Tuesday as you could
tell and I'm screwed okay guys so let me
tell you oh I'm stressed right now
tonight me and Jackie are leaving to LA
we're leaving to Los Angeles because
tomorrow we go up the Drake and future
concert and we didn't want to leave
tomorrow just in case we hit traffic and
be late to the concert whatever we
wanted to avoid any last-minute problems
just in case anything were to happen
tomorrow on the road so we'd rather
leave tonight I just booked a hotel and
we're supposed to leave on like eight
o'clock I just started editing my video
because this videos gonna go tomorrow
but I have to finish it tonight because
I don't want to edit and upload at the
hotel because the Wi-Fi sucks at the
hotel and I'm gonna be going for a
concert I'm trying to have a good time I
don't want to bring my laptop and edit a
really long video so I'm trying to knock
it out right now I have not started
packing yet I just like I said I just
booked the hotel I'm about to edit this
videos gonna take me a couple hours and
we're gonna leave super late but you
heard it here first
me and Jackie going to LA tonight
sleeping in the hotel and then tomorrow
we got the Drake and future concert I'm
not gonna do it out of the way for you
guys so I can have an upload for you
guys well I'm not the concert cuz it's
only fair I'm gonna be at the concert
having fun I'm not gonna leave you guys
with no upload so if I'm gonna be at the
concert having fun the least I can do
have something up for you guys to watch
while I'm at the concert so I need to
get this done guys I was trying to
finish editing this video before leaving
to LA cuz I didn't want to UM adapt the
hotel when I was with Jackie cuz is in
case you guys are remember this part of
her birthday gift so I just wanted to
spend time with her but I didn't get to
finish so and it's getting late look
it's almost 9:30 two hour drive so we
need to go I'm gonna just pack the
laptop unpack the laptop and obviously
you can't forget the fucking white
t-shirt oh yeah guys I wanted I tried to
finish my video tried to finish editing
before we went because first of all I
didn't want to bring my laptop while on
vacation with Jackie and second cuz the
hotel Wi-Fi sucks I wanted to upload at
home not over there but you got to do
what you got to do I love making videos
for you guys so that's what I'm gonna do
I'm literally so tired I don't even know
how I'm gonna drive there
they're getting to the hotel couple
rounds with Jackie and then going
straight to sleep
but no we need to go the drivers over
two hours long well actually I'm driving
so a two hour drive turns into like a
30-minute Drive I literally fly down the
road but yeah I gotta go pick Jackie up
right now our hotel might be a little
shitty because I booked it today I had
no idea we were leaving today I thought
we're gonna go tomorrow but we decided
to just make it like a mini vacation God
me and Jackie like we love staying in
hotel des we find any reason to stay in
the hotel just we always try to find an
excuse to stay in hotel so today we're
gonna go and it was super last-minute so
they didn't have that many rooms
available but you gotta label what you
get guys look at the time every time I
say I'm about to leave I'm just like
okay you know what let me just edit one
more clip and then I'll leave but now
really I need to leave like Jackie even
texted me she's been waiting for a while
so we need to go now I'm about to leave
and I'll finish editing out the hotel
I'll edit a clipping in between each one
of my rounds with Jackie oh wait you
don't deserve to hear the last but not
see it I'll edit my video in between
each round with Jackie because you won't
believe it mom Brian I have news for you
guys so I'm just scrolling through
Twitter and Drake is performing in
Phoenix tonight he's performing in
Phoenix tonight Drake Drake came out on
stage in Phoenix and a Devin Booker
Jersey Drake oh yeah Drake came out in a
debug
because he's a fan of Kentucky and
that's all Devin Booker Eric Bledsoe
Tyler Ulis fucking but you done said Dre
came out in Phoenix Devin Booker tweeted
he said I need pictures said I need pigs
that's crazy
two goats straight none then he said in
the concert said I'm reppin my brother
he said I'm reppin my bro or something
people were tweeting it out yeah in a
Devin Booker Jersey guys I was so hyped
that's crazy Devin trake reppin Devin
Booker coming out at his fucking concert
that's crazy okay guys now I'm awake for
the drive I was so tired guys ray came
out a Devin Booker Jersey like that's so
tight okay say bye to me everyone I'm
not gonna go to sleep Drake came out a
fucking Devin Booker jerseys Bosley did
you see that
like he's repping Devin Booker Bosley
guys I saw it on Twitter like I was so
hot I was like no way
Devin Booker pulling the city on knife
in my city is the biggest news that I've
I'm more excited that Drake amount of
Devin Booker Jersey than I am to go to
my concert tomorrow of Drake yeah so I
went to sleep at 5 in the morning last
night and I woke up at like 8:00 or 7:30
so I had like three hours of sleep so I
was really tired I was preparing to buy
energy drinks for this Drive just to
keep me awake all the way to LA two hour
drive instead I see that Dre came out on
a debug Jersey that shit woke me up like
I don't even need an energy drink
anymore I'm so awake right now
that shit's raw that's tight-ass it's
dope right there Devin Booker stayed
getting his name out there I swear the
dudes 19 years old this is crazy
19 how old Booker isn't even 20 years
old he'll look so people started
tweeting pictures look he has the black
one that shit's not even on sale at a
online so I don't know where Dre got his
obviously as connections look look at
this
Drake walk-in the D book that officially
makes him goat okay guys I was about to
leave to go pick Jackie up so we could
obviously go to the hotel she texted me
saying wait don't come here I was
surprised for you so I came through the
gas station I got to pump some gas I
don't know if you could tell so my
girlfriend
supposedly has a surprise for me I don't
know either that was she's cheating on
me right now I'm not sure but I'm about
to go pick her up right now cuz I killed
some time over here on the gas station
and we'll see what this is I have no
idea honestly guys look Jackie got me
what is it
fries chicken nuggets and what is it
we're tired but then I told them Drake
came out in a Devin Booker Jersey for
his show so I'm not tired anymore
he got it like yeah you guys wait where
I don't know I'll jump well he's
obviously Drake he has the hookups I
wanted of life I know but I'm saying
like where's right now no way
found a bitch in Phoenix to LA and I go
and they flash the light and I go hello
I talk to you I just said hey
No
like super tired while I'm driving
there's energy drink by next week but
every time I'm about to fall asleep at
the wheel and I need energy I just look
at the picture Drake wearing the Devin
Booker Jersey and I get surprised and
then I wake up the crazy thing is Devin
Booker loved straight like he's always
tweeting song lyric so drag and he's
always snapchatting himself listening to
Drake so Lola Booker just
yes so that motor must have been fucking
high and then one Drake came out he said
he said I'm reppin my brother
and this place is kind of weird already
okay guys so here's the roof of another
building okay time to edit
okay guys was almost 3:00 in the morning
if you're wondering why I'm being quiet
and I'm doing this clip in the bathroom
because Jack is asleep already she felt
long time ago so I found that in this
video by thanking you guys for watching
this video I hope you guys enjoyed in
case you guys didn't hear me the first
million times we are in LA for the Drake
and future concert it's gonna be dope
I'm excited um jack is excited she's in
love with Drake sadly but she's never
seen him perform live so this was her
birthday gift and the I'm gonna try to
vlog up the concert but that vlog is not
gonna be up for a couple of days if you
want to keep up with this trip and see
what's goin on a concert live then
follow me on snapchat I'm gonna be
posting a bunch of snapchats
to my snapchat story from that night aka
tomorrow my snapchat is bro bodies so if
you want to wait for the vlog wait for
the vlog that's not gonna be up for a
couple of days if you want to see
everything as it's happening then go
follow my snapchat my snapchat story's
gonna be filled with the Drake and
future concert actually this is being
recorded on Tuesday but the day the
video is gonna be up is on Wednesday so
by the time you guys are watching this
I'm most likely gonna be at the concert
so right now I'm here in the bathroom
and while you guys are watching it I'm
probably gonna be at the concert is it
isn't it crazy how YouTube works isn't
it crazy how video recording works like
I need to hit up my boy Bill Nye the
Science Guy so you could explain this
shit for me because how am i right here
in the bathroom but when you guys watch
this I'm probably gonna be at the
concert so not just joking I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video as I hope
you guys enjoyed all my videos and while
you guys are watching this at home I'm
most likely gonna be at the concert
singing trick drink drink drink
i'ma see future nam-il Sierra Sierra oh
and I do apologize for the length of
this video because usually my videos are
longer even a little bit longer if you
know way longer than this video but this
wasn't exactly a full-day vlog or this
wasn't exactly too much of an
entertaining video this was simply just
I wanted to get you guys uhhh I want you
guys to keep up with my schedule
and today tonight we were driving to the
hotel getting settled in for the first
day of our mini vacation so I wanted to
bring you guys along with me for the
trip so I apologize if you like the
longer videos this was a really short
one compared to my other videos
nonetheless like I said for the millions
time I still hope you guys enjoyed it
it's not too entertaining it was just
kind of bringing guys along to the first
first night of our mini vacation to Los
Angeles and kind of just keep you guys
up to date with my life which is pretty
much what I do for you guys every single
day today was just in a shorter manner
nonetheless I need to go to sleep I am
dead tired it's about to be 3:00 in the
morning I'm about to finish editing this
vlog and then knock out guys thank you
so much for watching peace I'm out
