four dudes in a car feels like rahmel
pop your head in here yeah we can't see
you boom so what are we listening to
what music four dudes in a car check our
evj you're too far try to get closer bro
come on get it over here wingspan Kevin
Durant ROC museum I think it doesn't
send some vegetarians but Milly rock
Milly rock halfway to Disneyland you
know we had to make the stop at Raising
Cane's we don't have one in San Diego it
sucks so every time we leave San Diego
we always have to get Raising Cane's hey
let me just get this straight
Jay's vegetarian and he doesn't cheat on
his diet he never eats me or anything so
if you see him eating me just know that
it's probably edited or like Photoshop
okay chicken chicken Jay what what is
that Jay oh it's just extra fries right
no but it's vegetarian chicken right
hey Romel did I already tell you look
like a model bro it's Mario Lopez what
are you doing well you can't go in the
woman's the sink turtle hey this is
happy it's just first time ever at
Disneyland he's never been you've never
been here all the step oh I don't mean
they're gonna let you in Disney you know
how they say Disneyland is the happiest
place on earth
so right now you think you're going to
have you play some girls for the first
time but you've already been doing I
know you've already been to the happiest
place on earth multiple times it's a
basketball court and losing games ball
hogging shooting all 4:30 picked up two
new passengers for the ride come on how
are you I like those I could have thrown
one of my girlfriends had those before
but it yo Justin Justin oh I mean Jordan
Jordan Jordan hey this is the non
vegetarian version of Justin he's the
devil he's the angel I would have never
thought the day would come where I'm
sitting in a models laughing yo Jake
angel J a devil J where you at
hey Tong right now we're going to
Disneyland or playing basketball cuz I
need to know it's like a change into the
basketball shoes
are you sure oh yeah oh yeah how am I
gonna make the three-point shots to win
a stuffed animal without that's while
shoes hey I respect Dennis he's only won
that dress like he's gonna go play
basketball come all playing basketball
that's in the 70s
you can take mini to specify who magic
oh no she doesn't want to be like me
it's been wearing the same shirt for the
last three days
hey brandy why I look like you about to
drop 30 man it looks like Mickey
challenged him to a 1v1 he's about to go
play him either way I wear this whether
it's cool church wedding California
Adventure I hope you know this shuttle
to Disneyland is the scariest ride I'm
going on all day I don't know all you
need is a leather jacket and longer
slicked back hair bro Greece hey chicken
lover
what's good bro I just want to say thank
you guys for watching for whatis and
videos keep subscribing row two three
milk Disneyland we got a park operators
I mean we have to hop to the points hey
Dennis we got a park hopper not a park
Walker a now jerk jerk jerk hey don't
take me to no scary rides I'm not going
on that angel come all I know you you'll
pick me up and force me on a ride I'm
not gonna take you it's a small world
I'm down for that
you know you can handle you know me hey
this is the real sky oh we're taking a
picture oh I didn't even know
well I want to stand up for one element
that's a vegetarian
thank you for than the Eiffel Tower a
the next clip is brain and screaming
it's nothing I'll go on every other ride
in this park I want every other ride on
earth and I'm not going on this one buzz
I know it's too late it's too late it's
not too late for anything I'm not on the
ride Randi's spit 162 come in here why
not ride the best ride because I didn't
spend 160 to get a heart attack if I
want the heart attack I would've got it
for free I would have went to McDonald's
and ate the whole menu is it recording
yeah they forced me in the line little
do they know I'm exiting right here
I'd rather sky dives and go on this ride
why because puddings no sir is it exit
right there on my exit that's it you
guys have fun I'm out right there the
exits right there that's it I swear to
Devin Booker I'm not gonna try anything
on this ride I swear to Devin Booker I'm
not going on this ride hey I escaped the
ride you should have seen the escape I'm
breathing harder than a basketball game
right now
it's higher than the Eiffel Tower I
don't trust that there's no way I don't
trust that you'll see me on every other
ride but not this one no way six and a
half hours later peace oh there's the
picture okay Jordan looks the happiest
Dennis look like he's crying
JK's looks scared Romel looks like he's
about to piss his pants and come all
just looks happy a happiest place on
earth come all's literally making it
that was so scary I knew I shouldn't
have went broke my stomach was like it'd
be honest right now was it scary it was
scary
Ben it was like it was like you so much
news from the desert
yeah I'll go on this one that's not bad
you
both it feels like we're in the middle
of the desert all the aims on the devil
damn Lee do you like different ball okay
Holly I thought you wanted coming all
these no we were trying to go on cars
but we just found out it's closed
Swiper no swiping
hey if you rock with Dora bro I swear
swipe we're always gonna swipe me but
you can sense when food
slavery's no seven goes oh me oh oh he
made up man hey are we taking a picture
in front of the beer how would you pose
by yourself
oh my taking time man wait oh yeah I
just want to get for the wall can you
take it take the picture with that out
here with Pluto
I'm sitting here on the bench minding my
own business I'm actually reading some
NBA news Romel company I don't know what
he's trying to do touch me somewhere
he's a Kings fan first of all hey what
Israel always try to do to me when I'm
sitting down touch you we're bad oh yeah
so he tried to do it again so I flinch
and I dropped my phone and now it's
Claire I'm sitting by myself
whadya yeah I know he looks so innocent
by himself in the corners what a real
Mouse wants to be nice bro I was like
this reading some NBA news I see it'll
melt the monster try to come up and
touch me so I got scared I dropped my
fault announce crack right to a let's go
to Iran that's my hometown be just a
gypped
I'm going home you know we're going to
Iraq I love you rob that's where my mom
and dad were we're going to China
okay China China hey how about we just
go through that door and go on the ride
hey they said no vlogging but I'm savvy
hey I'm so scared oh oh if I'm on it you
know it's not scary that's how you test
a ride if Brandon's on it's not scary
hi that's my homie where we going oh I
thought this was a scary
no no I'm scared of heights
no we're gonna oh my god I can't split
my stress with the well oh thank god we
do underwater Harry Potter oh my god we
could in my language we call them feel
it smells like Elvis shit
hey Bosley the Great Wall Grand Canyon a
Genesis where you're from Arizona Oh
Devin Booker might be here debug why am
i wearing a basketball outfit so it's
getting dark we've been here for a while
Danny's your first time here how do you
like Disneyland happiest place on earth
no no no happiest place on earth is the
basketball court it's fun so far but the
meters let's move all it's all the boys
to me yeah all the boys together baby
hey no matter where we go
whether it's Disneyland the jam TJ
Suitland it fits all the boys together
we're having a good time just know that
guys hey speaking of the boys where's
real Mel come on Jordan they ditched us
I think we enjoy being with the boys but
they don't enjoy being with us
you know if I can be
you
you won't get hey the castle right there
we need a basic picture for the castle J
hundred percent how are we going to take
the picture in front of the castle it
might be a little bit of kissing hey
I'll pick you up
I swear I'll play you one-on-one in
basketball right now really I don't know
no enough basketball not in a fire to
infinity and beyond
well now what do we shoot yo I don't
know what to shoot what's up baby shoot
me I'll call the cop hey I feel bad for
Roma I don't even know what to shoot AJ
you're such a trihard shoot me for your
man hey I feel bad for you guys I'm just
living life out of one but I was
vlogging yeah but what squad comes first
always yeah sure I'll take a picture of
you guys thanks for asking here why
don't you guys just brunch up and whould
you guys his name's by the way yeah
thanks for asking me to be in the
picture guys by the way uh-huh
nice nice picture
hey face Roach brother it's recording
who's that no it's like they're doing a
competition of who to pay
okay now it's forced a million percent
hey I was forced against my will by
Jordan by the way okay
hey your mouth pick me up now
do not enter don't mind if I do
open one I didn't get a lot for a
haunted house Dennis I got a lot for a
ride Jordan hey what right is is Indiana
Jones Indiana Pacers good how you go I
don't know there's a right time to tell
you know we're about to go on a ride and
everything but you know how you like to
shit you remind me of a hand servo
no you remind me of a strong hamster
that plays basketball and lifts weights
and it's very good-looking yeah yeah
you're a good hamster bro you're super
fast hi hi hamster J hey J hands on the
wheel bro I don't trust you driving J
come on J no texting and driving role
bow down J we're about to go to ticket
slow down
hey J you're the worst driver on earth
that was so bad
yes it was Jake who gave you your
license we saved the best for last
ace mountain air Oh Mel you still scared
remote kept saying you a scan of Space
Mountain I mean I'm not one to talk but
still like I did
please don't let my camera fall we're
going higher stop going higher for the
sake of Robles heart
we're the palm you scatter the picture
did you get scared I don't know I was
like well I kept hearing remotely I'm
gonna throw up and I can say well melt
that way not me hey Justin you and
Dennis weren't scared right normal okay
let me see the picture right now no no
no no stop look at Dennis bro Wow like a
boogie Jordan yeah you're right you guys
weren't scared you're right come on
you're about to cry bro hey Romel the
fact that you actually cracked my phone
look at this I'm I thought you dropped
it
I'm just trying to hold you you were
trying to touch me in places that I
shouldn't be touched
Hey after that Indiana Jones experience
um hey you know my driving was bad hey
don't learn from Indiana Jones bro not
after that Indiana Jones case I think we
got a new driver for the rest of our
lives no more no more Jay yeah the
Indiana Jones car did it mean like my
hands in
don't ever do that again those rental
cars this BMWs and you already know one
last time before we go back home we had
to stop out Raising Cane's but that's
two times in one day is that healthy
yeah huh or no yeah it's only just
burger yeah it's just fried chicken yeah
you're right
AJ what did you order fries yeah sure
no no no no how would you really order
yeah I really want to get a long-sleeve
shirt hey we came in out sure he wants
to meet get away think explain how he
did it we came we're all ordering the
guy goes I think weirder shirt there's
no way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
