8:40 you gotta go to the gym if you're
wandering away you can't go to the gym
on an empty stomach
I need a big hearty healthy mmm
big heart healthy meals hold on until
June this will get you a lot of energy
and protein for your common case you
guys don't know that's a trick but
Bryan's asleep but look I'm wearing
these shoes because it's Sunday there's
no lunchtime basketball Noland plays
basketball at that gym on Sunday so I'm
gonna just go live for a little bit and
then come back home and edit my video I
woke up early and once I wake up I can't
fall back asleep so on why not go to the
gym why waste time Bosley why go to the
gym you want to take a early morning
field trip to the garage going a little
vacation to the garage oh you're not
scared huh I'm just joking go to sleep
yeah guys I'm probably I'm not gonna be
there for like an hour hour and a half
yesterday I lifted I worked out some
chess Bosley is the fucking Minnie Mouse
in his hat he literally is the hat today
I'll probably work out some back arms
maybe some biceps and I don't know some
abs cuz it's early so I know Jackie's at
church behind asleep my parents are
asleep so I have time to waste
okay well about the chocolate chip
cookies I don't think that was on too
healthy of a breakfast to eat before the
gym like I don't know chocolate chips
and like sugar and all that I need a
little bit of more of a healthy meal so
I stopped by at the healthiest place of
the mall no but really I was gonna go to
gym on an empty stomach I fucking was
about to pull up right there I don't
like uh lifting on an empty stomach
because I just I don't like it and it's
not good to do that so I was gonna stop
by right there at chick-fil-a Oh way
it's Sunday so chick-fil-a's close so I
came across the street to Carl's jr.
and now I'm parked look on my next to
the sign hey Carl bitch
Carl actually looks like Bosley if
that's the Stars name so yeah now I'm
parked here on the side of Carl's jr.
about to eat my burger before going to
the gym guys I honestly think the most
depressing moment in life is when you're
craving chick-fil-a and you know you're
driving there like you're bumping some
music you know why you gotta follow me a
cheesecake your bump amusing it you're
on the way there and like pull up to the
parking lot and then it just something
just hits you in the brain like you
fucking dumbass it's Sunday and you see
chick-fil-a and you're just like and
then the song's was just from why you
gotta follow me a cheese cake too
switches to fucking in the arms in the
arms of the angel anyway Oh guys look I
was gonna show you hold on look sorry
I'm vlogging with my phone my camera is
dead and it's at home in charge charging
right now but look so I got this speed
shot it's like a pre-workout literally
speed shot energy it's not really an
energy drink my the fucking headless
horseman but the opposite look it looks
like I have no body okay guys well
listen so if you're wondering this is
only halfway fool because I don't drink
the whole thing I bought this yesterday
for if I drink the whole thing out I
this should so strong wait why am i
recording with this angle but anyways
look I only take half of it before I
work out so I took half yesterday I'm
gonna take the other half today look
it's already been open um let me just
tell you guys when I take this again I
repeat I don't take the whole thing
only half give me 30 minutes to an hour
I'm gonna show you my hands they're
literally shaking like this stuff is so
strong could you imagine if I look it
even says caution total caffeine from
all sorts yeah I swear the shit's just
like straight-up caffeine it's so bad
for you but it's called potent
pre-workout I swear all it is all it is
is fucking a ton of caffeine in a small
little speech shot but yeah I'm gonna
show you guys I'm not recording like 30
minutes to an hour what time is it right
now it's like 9:00 9:05 I'm gonna show
you guys in a little bit my hands is
literally gonna be shaking could you
imagine if I drank the whole thing from
top to bottom and so I don't do that but
ah done why the fuck did I drink that
one sip
pour in one sitting guy speaking of why
you got to follow me a cheesecake do you
guys see the music video
literally first of all that girl was
rude as fuck but I can only imagine what
Audrey Graham did to her the first
literally first half of music videos
Drake just sitting there wrapping all
casually like this with fucking shit all
over his face I was like bro when are
you gonna stand up what time goes no Jim
for all my loyal subscribers I know what
I you approached ah sorry gotta get to
Jim honey for all my loyal subscribers
that know what I usually eat before the
gym that know my usual pre gym snack we
were all out of dick at home sadly so
that's why I had to come to Carl's jr.
well first I want a chick-fil-a but then
I ended up at Carl's jr. we ran out of
dick we don't have any more so and for
my newer subscribers
from my newer subscribers I'm not a good
driver in case you guys didn't know in
case you can't tell I'm not the best
driver actually I am it's all the other
ones on the road that don't know how to
drive but yeah for all my new
subscribers dick is not literally dick
it means banana so the translation on
Google Translate you know people
translate from Spanish to English or
English to fucking whatever if you
translate from bruh wadis to English
when I say we didn't have any more dick
at home I meant we didn't have any more
banana at home fuck I look like The
Walking Dead oh hey guys no guys
seriously am I the only one who like I
woke up like two hours ago brush my
teeth wash my face when te I ate
breakfast like I should be wide awake
now why do I look like one of the cast
members from fucking Walking Dead and I
don't mean the fucking good ones I mean
like the zombies ah I just look at
myself in the mirror like why do I look
like a Walking Dead zombie before going
to the gym I'm literally the zombies
from fucking black ops wake up Brandon
oh that pre oh I'm not worried that
pre-workouts gonna wake me up give it
another like 10 minutes that she's gonna
kick in and she's so strong but I seen
some of the bigger buff people just
literally kill it in one shot and I'm
just like if you could handle it then do
it but that shit's strong the speech
shot by the way I know a lot of people
do what I do in my videos just like when
me and Brian cracker raw egg a lot of
you guys were doing it if you get one of
those speed shots don't drink all of it
in one sitting because I don't want
anything to happen to you guys because
it's super strong it's a ton of caffeine
and I don't want anything to happen to
you guys and then you guys say Oh bruh
Wallace told me to do it no I'm saying
if you're gonna go workout and you're
thinking about drinking that don't drink
all of it just drinks it by say but if
you start to feel it and stop drinking
it because that shit's actually strong
oh yeah but wait I can't be the only one
who looks like a fucking black ops
walking dead zombie right when they wake
up right like just like I'm at the gym
working out but I'm looking like this
is does that happen to you guys to like
but then once it hits like like right
when I wake up when I'm the walking dead
zombie I thought my friend just walked
by I saw it in the beer when I wake up
and I'm the walking dead zombie I'm a
zero out of ten
like I'm ugly as fuck I'm literally zero
out of ten then when it hits like noon
or 1:00 p.m. you know when I start to
like get in my zone I'm like a 1 out of
10 you know I'm still ugly but at least
I have one point so like that then once
a it's like 3 or 4 p.m. the prime of the
day when I'm usually showered and ready
and done with my video I go to like a 2
out of 10 like and that's my peak my
peak is a 2 out of 10 so so ugly about 2
points out of 10 I'll take a 2 out of 10
that's straight the Broadus laughs
there's actually a picture that someone
screenshot me and Jackie and it's the
bro Wallace laughs it's so funny
I don't know if you could see but
there's literally ants fucking trying to
get into my car and I'll be the first to
admit my car isn't the cleanest cars
like I might have fucking banana peel in
there from like 3 years ago even though
this car's not that one and I might have
some like I don't know jack-in-the-box
in there for my two weeks old but so
I'll be the first to admit my car's not
the cleanest but I'm not gonna let ants
infest my car what the fuck I don't have
any red but I do have Glade hey that
rhymes I should be going on tour with
Drake not future I don't have any way
but I got Glade ah bitches let's try to
fucking in vain my car oh fuck look at
this
look do you guys see them look and I
don't want one of them I don't want one
of them to get in because like I said
there might be some you know like
jack-in-the-box
or fucking burrito from like last month
so if one of them finds it they're all
gonna fit in O'Shea is that a spider bro
fuck ants look
now the whole time a now the whole time
I'm lifting I'm gonna be scared I'm
gonna come back to ants all over my
fucking seat that oh my god there's so
many in the back what the fuck bro
okay yeah my car's definitely I don't
even want to check inside I'm pretty
sure my car's infested with ants this is
what I get like I said I'm pretty sure
there's like a burrito or some fucking
jack-in-the-box or Carl's jr. in there
from like a month ago holy shit I'm
scared to even drive back home I'm not
gonna go lift anymore I'm just gonna
wait for the pre-workout to kick in turn
into an Incredible Hulk and kill all the
ends no but seriously I'm so scared of
some of the ants get in my car because
then they'll send down an invite
they'll give the ADI out to all their
ant friends and fucking they'll all come
because like I said there's some food in
there that's really really old and I'm
about to take it out and throw it away
in the gym trash can but yeah I'm
fucking scared to drive home I feel like
they're already inside my car fuck ant
and all ants are friends like they got
the hook-up so once one of them finds
food they'll be so quick to hit up all
the other homies like a bitches come
here like come to I got all the fucking
food they like to share with each other
so one ant means fucking like ten
million ants trust me the whole ant farm
they don't got no drama they don't got
time for drama they only live like two
days so they don't have time for no
little kit petty shit one finds food
they believe sharing is caring and
that's why I'm scared of ins so
hopefully they don't get in my car
somehow of course the one day I wear my
basketball shoes they're all playing
one time I didn't bring my shoes these
are my running shoes I always used to
think Saturdays and Sundays they don't
play basketball here was only Monday
through Friday and I pull up right now
and there were people playing but it was
a bunch of random people none of the
ones that I always play with it was none
of my homies so I spoke with one of them
I was like oh they play here and he said
yeah we start playing around 7:00 7:30
and my face was like okay I can't show
up that early
so I guess cuz you know lunch time I
play like at 11:00 11:30 I guess on
weekends Saturday and Sunday there's
like a whole different group of people
like a bunch of people I've never seen
over here before I guess they play like
7:00 to 9:00 or 7:30 to 9:30 I never
show up this early so I wouldn't know
and I was like that's a little too early
for me cuz I'm asleep to a secret way
but actually there were some people I
played with before but not a lot of them
were new I never seen them here because
I never come this early there's like
it's rare for me cuz I'm usually editing
at this time at first one I've seen
everyone on the basketball court running
I was like these fucking traitors they
show up without me and they don't text
me or anything then I realized was the
whole random group of people that I
never seen before it sounds like we're
straight I thought they all planned the
time you know because I was too good to
play with them so they make a time to
not to not tell me so they could at
least win some games themselves I'm just
joking I'm not that good start the back
workout with some pull-ups
some assisted pull-ups I should say
let's not get too carried away here oh
it's so depressing when you used to be
able to do more weight and then you
stopped lifting for a while so you got
weaker I hate that shit I'm doing less
weight than what I used to be doing I'm
not gonna be content till I get back to
what I once was so I get back to what I
once was lifting it's not more I'm not
gonna be satisfied I hate it like I said
I used to lift almost every day and I
still play basketball but then I felt
even more in love with basketball so I
stopped lifting for like a couple months
I lost all my muscle that's not how it's
supposed to be the older you get the
more you go to the gym you're supposed
to lift more not less so I'm not gonna
be satisfied so I get back to what I
once was lifting here at the gym and
then more guys then like once I started
getting bigger putting on more weight
lifting more weights I started taking
YouTube way more seriously I also got a
girlfriend
aka Jackie and I just felt more in love
with basketball than I already was so
kind of just like I stopped I didn't
really have any time to work out I only
had time to like play some basketball if
anything I stopped coming to the gym for
like almost a month and then just
recently I started looking in the mirror
and I didn't like it I loved I already
didn't have that much muscle and I lost
that
god this is not workout music I swear I
feel like they play uh this is not Wicca
music listen I feel like they play bad
music on purpose because they sell
headphones up at the front so I feel
like they want you to buy the headphones
look you call this workout music
bullshit this guy just fell next to me
playing racquetball
I was literally pitbull meat on Wall
Street you see it like jittery chameleon
my thang oh shit mom if you're watching
this it's just a joke look I'm doing it
myself know that my mom hates when I
drink that pre-workout mom if you're
watching this I'm sorry I was just way
too lazy to work out this morning so I
took a little bit of the pre-workout it
was only half but yeah guys it's insane
look look I swear on my life I'm not
doing that myself look this is me trying
to hold straight it's so it's crazy it's
just a ton of caffeine in one drink I
feel like I'm on crack I'm gonna go to a
police station after and turn myself in
you know me now that I know I never knew
about that I thought they only played at
lunchtime Monday through Friday guys my
hands are literally shaking I could
barely hold my phone from the
pre-workout now that I know that people
show up on Saturday and Sunday that like
7:00 a.m.
even though I need to sleep more there's
no way I'm gonna be in bed and stay in
bed when I know there are people here
playing so you already know I'm probably
going to start showing up here on
Saturdays and Sundays at like 7 a.m. to
start playing basketball you know me
come on guys anytime there's a chance
opportunity to play basketball you know
I'm with it I just never knew about
these runs I swear I never knew people
came that early I never come this early
7 a.m. I never coming at that time guys
one of the trainers here just saw me
lifting and he looked at me with the
most confused face ever he's like oh
you're lifting why aren't you in the
basketball court I said don't get
carried away it's only because there's
no one playing that's the only reason
why he looked at me with such a
surprised face he's like oh you're
lifting
cause I'm so tempted to just shoot
around I'm so tempted to just end my
lifting sesh and just go shoot around I
wish I didn't love basketball so much
it's so hard to love two things I love
Jackie and basketball it's so hard to
put on muscle when you go to the gym
where there's literally a basketball
court right next to the way it's an
empty basketball court just begging my
name calling my name I want to play
really bad but Jackie's waiting for me
at back homes have to go holy shit I'm
doing some ads and look at how much room
hope you like persuade
the top rack is all food there six on
each side on the top racks on the other
side
yeah please take that off no noise oh my
god no way yeah how did they even fix it
in row that's sending 45 plates on each
side and he's gonna let press it I've
talked to him before he's 84 oh no I'm
not oh hey he got least 84 years old
that's crazy
look another one oh and I tried to tell
not to do and he doesn't listen no
please don't do it please no oh that's
set ah 7:45 plates on each side
he's not going down low but still that's
insane
he's smiling too he's smiling adobe's
boggling 7/4 odds on each side at a I
don't know how much that is
he's smiling checking out girls who that
dudes a B South Korea I've spoken with
him before his name is Luigi he's in his
either like made to late 80s I don't
know if you remember in the older vlog I
gave him a ride to the bus stop before
cuz I felt really bad he was gonna walk
to the bus stop after doing all that way
though he's adding more weight to the to
the light press holy shit
yeah I don't know if you remember what
time I gave him a ride to the bus stop
in my vlogs his name is Luigi mmm the
water just splashed onto my fucking face
look he's adding more weight he's always
chopping it up with girls I fucking love
with my swing but I feel bad I feel like
he's gonna hurt himself and I've tried
to tell him not to do that much weight
before because I just told him nicely I
said I don't think it's some way younger
than him so I shouldn't be telling him
what to do but I told him I said I don't
think it's good for your knees and he
just says no no it's fine it's fine but
look he's adding more weight to the
thing it's insane look he added two more
plates under the
and he added two more on each side to
the bottom okay so I just spoke with him
he said he didn't want to be face to
face on camera but he said there's a on
eight forty five plates on each side so
sixteen on top and then two on each side
on the bottom so so twenty times
forty-five oh my god
and he says he could do it I asked him
if you wanted to ride but he said he's
not leaving for a long time
that shit's crazy I know he's not going
all the way down but still for his age
and that much weight look okay so I just
counted there's actually nine on top on
each side nine so that's 18 total on
talk to more on each side on the bottom
twenty two plates of forty five pounds I
thought there was only eight he told me
there was eight but he added another one
sneaky there's nine on each side fuck I
know that shit's crazy guys the best
moment of my life is the very final set
of your final workout it feels so good
you know you're about to be done and
you're just doing your last reps and you
know you could leave the gym right after
that I want to play basketball so bad
but Jackie's waiting for me it's so
tempting to just shoot around like the
court is all empty fully empty just
calling my name it's like a demon reward
is come here come play anyways yeah you
know how I said the worst the worst day
of my life is when chick-fil-a's clothes
and you're driving they're all happy
well the best the best moment in life is
when it's literally your last set of
your last workout and you know you're
done you're free from lifting after that
last rep feels so good
done now time to go get some cake from
Jackie I mean uh time to go go home to
see Jackie
now I'm paranoid as hell to be driving
in my car because of the ends I'm so
scared I want to check if there saw my
car not anyways now it's time to go home
and edit I came here really early
finished okay they're not outside the
car anymore so either they left they
found a new car to go to or they're all
inside guys I don't fuck with ants I
hate ants they're just so I know I hate
them fuck I'm so paranoid I'm cleaning
my whole card today I swear yeah guys
it's time to go edit my video finish my
workout early I love that I love
finishing my work how early oh my god
I'm actually my car to leave the gym
like I'm actually about to leave the gym
without having played basketball without
even having touched a basketball
I literally just lifted and then I'm
leaving now this is a miracle now I need
to go back in I need to go play I'm just
joking no but honestly it feels so weird
I actually came to the gym and I'm
leaving without playing basketball it's
not me this isn't bruh wadis guys who
are you what's your name and what did
you do with the real bruh wat iz
go can't lose this I cannot let this fly
out the window here's my parking pass I
ball on the first day of school but I
need it it's a one-day pass but I use it
every fucking day so I need to save it
make sure it doesn't fly out the window
hopefully the people at the fucking
school don't check the dates on the
thing all parking school parking officer
if you're watching this that was just a
joke it was just a joke I bought fucking
one day pass and I use it every fucking
day of the semester it was like three
dollars for one day
noise for the first day of school only
now we're about to start our third week
what's going on you guys Brandon here
aka for Wallace and I'm here to close
out the video you can't Tom really
sweaty I had school earlier today but I
went to the gym after that and I got a
haircut appointment in 52 minutes so
look that's how happy I am to get my
haircut but anyways I'll tell you what's
going on so tomorrow Wednesday I'm going
to a Drake and future concert down in LA
and me and Jackie might leave to LA
tonight we might leave later tonight so
that we can just already be there for
tomorrow so the problem is I might not
have a video to upload for tomorrow what
I might do
I might notice I keep saying Mike
because I don't know for sure but I
might double upload today so a second
video might come out today so keep your
guard up but I don't know for sure if I
can get a video up tomorrow then I'll
just upload tomorrow but if not I'm
gonna double upload today so that you
guys can have two videos and um cuz yeah
if we're in the hotel and the hotel
Wi-Fi I'm gonna be at the concert I
don't think I have time to make a video
for tomorrow but I don't know for sure
yet so I'm just dropping by to give you
guys a heads up anyways I'm gonna see
Drake and future tomorrow I'm gonna try
to get some of it on the vlog and watch
what I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and enjoy the rest of your Tuesday
Tuesday isn't exactly the funnest day of
the week but I hope you guys have a good
Tuesday because I'm gonna be enjoying
mine so thank you guys so much for
watching but watch quad I love you guys
