what is going on everybody Brandon here
sorry about the really late upload cuz
right now there's gonna be a lay upload
but anyways I'm here to explain what
type of video there's gonna be this
video is just gonna be like a short
little snippet of if you remember I took
Jackie to Disneyland Disney and
California adventures for her birthday
and all she wanted ever since she found
out we were going she was like oh my
gosh I can't wait to get the Minnie
Mouse ears because she hadn't she hasn't
been to do something like 12 years so
she just wanted the Minnie Mouse ears
and she was like yeah and I I hope they
have one that says princess and the
whole car ride there she kept like she
was like oh babe you know what I can't
wait to get the Minnie Mouse ears it was
actually pretty cute like I'm trying to
tell her babe we're gonna Disneyland
we're getting a hotel and we're going on
all these rides and everything and all
she cares about is the Minnie Mouse
units cuz that's literally like she told
me that all she wanted ever since you
ever since she was a little girl so what
this vlog I guess our videos gonna be is
at Disneyland when she went to the
bathroom I kind of snuck away and I went
and bought her a Minnie Mouse have
without her knowing because I remember
she said that that was the first thing
she said as soon as she found out we
were going and then it got dark it got
late and we never bought the ears so I
took my chance once she went to the
bathroom I went and I bought her the
Minnie Mouse ears she wanted one that
said princess they didn't have one so I
went I got it just just watch the video
you'll see but I'm here to explain that
I'll kind of lead you through the video
but I forgot to give her after I
borrowed the Hat I put it in my backpack
and I forgot to give it to her I forgot
to surprise her all the way and it
stayed in my backside you saved my car
look just watch the video and it'll make
more sense but I guess the pony's video
I just want to show you that I did a
little surprise for Jackie because I
remember on our way there all she was
talking about was a Minnie Mouse hat and
so once she went to the restroom I took
my opportunity and I wanted to surprise
her with the Hat but I guess I forgot
about it guys my favorite thing to do
with Jackie a lot of people could say
like a lot of say like oh yeah I bought
my girlfriend this and that but my
favorite thing to do to surprise Jackie
is when she's telling me stories or
she's telling me something that doesn't
seem too important I like to listen
closely and I take like details from
that or I pay very close attention and
like I remember what she says so I'd
rather surprise her with something that
she doesn't think I remember or
something small that she doesn't think I
paid attention to but I paid I really
did pay attention and I remember
and so I'd rather surprise her like
where she's like babe how did you how
did you know I wanted out how did you
remember and I'll be like remember you
told me I was paying attention so this
just like she told me she wanted the
Minnie Mouse ears it's nothing big it's
just a hat but I remembered she said
that and we were about to leave the park
was about to close they were doing the
parade the final parade and I remember
it so I took my opportunity and I
remembered she only had to say this one
time for me to remember but I remember
one time she told me she like and I want
one guy says princess so that was the
biggest key to this surprise okay guys I
don't know if you could see cuz it's
really dark but I Jackie just went to
the restroom and so I bought her one of
these hats and now I thought they
customized it in the store but they
don't customize in the store so now
either I give it to her like this or if
you guys remember she wanted to have
that said princess so now I'm leaving
her she's in the restroom and there's a
shop down like by the exit the lady said
it's called showcase or whatever and
they stitch hats so I'm gonna go to that
shop I need to make an excuse to Jackie
of where I'm at because I'm leaving her
right now and I'm gonna have them stitch
on the word princess so it's gonna be
his hat with the word princess stitched
on I thought they would do it at the hat
shop but apparently not Jackie's gonna
be worried I don't know what I'm gonna
tell her but now we're going to the Hat
customization shop she doesn't even know
I bought her this one I just went while
she was using the restroom cuz I
remember she told me she wanted one like
right when before we even got here
before we started driving god I just
asked one of the workers do you know
where the shop showcases and she said
yeah it's gonna be down Main Street like
but I don't live at Disneyland I don't
know what the street names here I called
and I was just like oh okay acting like
I knew what she meant she's like yeah
you're just gonna keep walking down Main
Street and I'm like but just tell me
which way to get to the shop and not
everybody works here is here every
single day like you
I don't know where this shop is the
parade's about a star that's why
everybody's lined up like that
guys I'm trying to find the hat shop and
I fuckin see a magic show
they'll probably pick something up to
prank right here on the swing look they
got a bunch of little prank it's no big
ones but Jackie's gonna kill me but you
know I had to stop by here oh I should
get her this look I need to get her this
wifey duties violation no this comes
with like 20 that's not enough to give
to Jackie for everything she's done to
me I need to buy like all the packs
available ok she's actually gonna come
in so I told her that I have to use the
restroom myself but it's been so long so
it actually came out super nice look
first of all the phrase going on
Jacky's probably watching the students
on the list
but look I wanted to get in the fun but
it was too big to snitch so they do in
the back it's not even my soul wants to
play long I don't watch it endurance in
an air-conditioned store when
everybody's fighting for spots outside
my god I see people behind
really
yeah Tony
this whole Minnie Mouse girlfriend or
sister I'll know st. shit oh the master
pimp Mickey Mickey pimps all the thought
all the Disney pawns
god I literally seen it right through
Mickey's eyes I saw right through him
he's the master pimp he pimps out all
the Disney Princess hoes I don't even
know from Minnie Mouse is his fucking
wife girlfriend sister cousin I don't
know who the hell she is to him but he
pimps her too and he pimps Elsa from
frozen he pimps all the Disney Princess
hoes I never knew that about Mickey - I
saw him in the parade weighing his
little pimp shit his red cape and I saw
right through his eyes I swear guys so
at this point I purchased the hat I got
it to say princess paid for and
everything and I was running a backpack
so I put it in my backpack
and I was planning on when I met up with
Jackie cuz she thought I was at the
restroom or in the restroom when I met
up with her I was gonna give it to her
but I was so like so into my excuse like
the first thing she said when she saw me
was babe where were you and I was so oh
I was in the restroom I've totally
forgot about the Hat I was so into not
getting caught that I went together the
Hat that I forgot to give her the hat I
don't know if that makes sense so stayed
in my backpack the whole time and then
the rest of the night we just hung out
and I forgot it was in my backpack so
then but to top it off we go back to the
hotel room and we're hanging out and we
fall asleep and wake up and I still
forgot to give it to her it just
remained in my backpack I forgot all
about it after everything I went to do
what you do no yes no then you should be
sleeping
okay I'll record join you sleep right
now okay no it is okay now to top it off
look at what an idiot I am so that was
her birthday weekend we went to
Disneyland that night at the hotel was
our last night there we checked out the
Hat was in my backpack the whole time we
drive home we drive home she goes to her
house I go to my house I'll put my
backpack to unpack and I see the Hat and
I'm just like Brandon robot is here such
an idiot like forgot to give her the hat
and she was home I was home the trip was
over so she went to Disneyland and
imagined in her head she's like are
adding at the Minnie Mouse ears and
that's all I wanted I forgot to give it
to her and hold on you think I was an
idiot then my dumb ass just for I
completely forgot about it the backpack
was in my car I put the backpack back in
my car and I just totally forgot about
it until I don't know if you remember if
you kept up with my vlog this was her
birthday weekend the following week
which was that a Thai Lopez mansion
party I don't know if you saw that vlog
but after the mansion party we went to
Disneyland again and on our way to
Disneyland this was just a couple days
ago was last week on our way to
Disneyland I'm thinking oh shit it
reminded me the fucking Minnie Mouse
ears are in my backpack in the trunk so
pulled over somewhere by it like Target
or I don't know CVS before we got to
Disneyland so I could surprise her with
the ears oh I'm such an idiot if wait
imagine if we never went to Disneyland
again imagine how long would the ears
have been cuz the only reason I got
reminded that the ears were in my trunk
was cuz we were on the way to Disneyland
and we were talking about it and she
mentioned the ears again and I was like
oh shit so I didn't tell her that I
bought that bought it for her I never
told her about the surprise I never told
her was in my trunk so here one week
after I bought her the ears
our second Disneyland trip she finally
got the ears checked this clip out was a
cute little surprise I'm such an eight
could you imagine how long they would
have stayed in my trunk if we never went
to Disneyland again
talk to the camera Foreman I need to get
something I told you I know that song in
the exact parts god I love this baby
okay now just entertain them talking
hello everybody leave the camera down
please wait I like this angle better I
look better it's bigger and better the
side of the door
guys look I'm not taking this off
because I think I might mean something I
dissonant hopefully it means like I can
go in any ride whenever I want like 70
times a day or 70 times in one day
I wonder why Winnie the Pooh firms
because maybe I'll see Pooh and I didn't
get year so I'm gonna get years this
time men to think it year so I'm gonna
get years this time and make sure that
take a damn picture what I literally
told you that like six times and you
keep saying it's nothing
they've stopped wait you donated does
said I said I need to go and get some
ears I started god no she didn't I long
I literally said God Beckerman
I said I'm going to Winnie the Pooh
first you guys you see this is why you
need a boyfriend like mine
I don't believe you let me love you
struggling
why did you read the back no let's read
the back yeah it says princess ho hmm oh
I did find that I didn't you I had to
fucking make it no way yes remove you
now she loves me it's so cute I
literally love to eat wait that's so
cute I lose I tried to say princess in
the front and that they didn't do it
they could only do it on one of the
sides hold on
I should have had to say even either
petit or princess ho but they didn't let
me do that
not you else that's for Nikki Nikki's a
sister I don't know ok so are you ready
yes I'm so pumped wait let me that's not
fair now I'm gonna get some Brown my
nose and you're not yeah I bought that
wait guys hold on babe when you realize
that I was supposed to like when I
bought that for you I was supposed to
the next day and when I came to your
house and we were home alone and we said
we met we were watching cops on your
couch yeah they said in my car I was
supposed to show to you then and I
forgot oh no way that long ago yes guys
I've had this for her for over a week
I've logged myself getting it god yeah I
forgot about I forgot about it entirely
keep telling him like I need to go get
yours this time because I didn't get
years and I forgot no first all supposed
to give it to you the night at
California adventures then ha
then I forgot in my cards so then the
next thing when I came to your house I
was like okay I'll just give it to her
and I fucking forgot
that means you're ready for it yeah I
supposed to do that do you like a week
ago I forgot and I was just complaining
to them I said I forgot to good year so
it's not like I really wanted this to
end isn't at that part you came into the
uterus
listen I had to get it extra stitching
no like right now yeah I had to get
extra stitching that said princess they
didn't even do at the same store of the
hat what yeah I had to walk around the
fucking Disney place and ask everybody
where's the store called showcase it was
okay I know Mickey is the pimp who's the
one that's not a thought that all of
them are Oh Elsa was it thought her
pussy's frozen that's why she's so
excited she got her gift a week and a
half later guys look the first shop I
see when I walk in Disney showcase
that's where I got Jackie's hat stitched
well who'd what does Cruella De Vil have
oh no a hundred and one 101 what what is
doll mania
I mean Dalmatian guys she looks she was
so excited about her had the whole day
was actually so cute like not only did
she look cute with the hat but just the
fact that she was so excited and she
kept talking about and smiling I'm just
like okay babe but no it's super cute
guys I want to end this video okay I
can't clean yet I want to end this video
by getting a huge shout out to my boy
you guys might know it he's up there in
the boxing world Christian Gonzales
Julian's all's you guys might know him
as el Champa he is undefeated he was 14
I know he had a fight two nights ago and
I message him before the fight in case
you guys don't know the background story
I didn't know who this guy was
but he's a professional boxer undefeated
and he's a fan of my videos so he one
time sent me and Jackie shirts he didn't
get me just any shirt he got me a
Phoenix Suns shirt first of all and he
came with a letter saying pretty much
who he was and so on the letter pretty
much explained like hey bruh Wallace I'm
a really big fan this is what I do you
and Jackie feel free to come to one of
my fights and I was like wait fight what
do you mean and so I looked him up this
dude was a professional boxer undefeated
and so he had after he sent me the
shirts you know that was really kind of
him so I followed him back on Instagram
and so I messaged in a couple days ago
before his fight and I was like you're
40 no no you better go 15 and oh this is
for me you better win that fight for me
and what does he do knock out the dudes
15 I know now after his last fight with
13 Kos 13 knockouts so Christian
Gonzales and then look after his fight
look he gave me a shout-out on his
body's super wanted so shout out to him
first of all Christian Gonzales
undefeated first of all professional
boxer with 13 knockouts I don't know if
we could ever hang out you know I might
make the wrong movement before I see it
coming but up
so again shout out to Christian for
being that you can say come say shout
out to Christians a professional boxer
he's a big fan of my videos he said that
you bore the shirt that he said the
ready yes he just wanted sharp shout out
to a Christian
he's from he's like in the LA area
Knott's Berry Farm shout out for Kristen
just won his last five so he's 50 now
garance and you lost fight I'll take the
- I was for you but no thank you for
watching my videos thank you for being a
big fan he's doing big things - 50 nano
professional boxers so I totally agreed
everybody except for me now that's
really cool
I'm proud of you I fought him on
Instagram I know he was trying not to
fanboy but I know he was paying boy but
now dude I'm really proud of you I told
you you'd win that fight I told you 50
nano what do you do he message me right
after the fight he's 15 - no I knew he
would do it and and I just want to end
this video by giving him a little shout
out now now to end this video by giving
you guys a shout out thank you for
watching my video I hope you guys
enjoyed it was kind of just like a
little kind of something different a
little surprised vlog and I don't know
weirdly put together but I hope you guys
did enjoy this video back to a regular
vlog tomorrow I'm vlogging today and
sorry again for the lay-up hood but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and I
hope you guys enjoyed the prank
yesterday because honestly Jackie still
mad at me I don't care what she says or
what she shows she's still mad at me and
I deserve it I'm a dumbass for doing for
taking it too far I deserve it but I
know she's mad at me
