all right mom oh my god wait before I
upload this video I'm gonna do it on
Jackie I need to do it now before I
upload this one because if she watches
this money I can fuck there are so many
but Kay guys but I was actually gonna
upload this video right now me and my
mom but now I'm gonna get Jackie before
I upload this well Jackie's gonna kill
me buzz Li is Jackie gonna kill me yeah
okay so what is going on everybody it
feels kind of we're doing an intro right
now because I actually just finished
pranking my mom and you know I prank my
mom with the song lyrics prank if you
didn't check that out the link is in the
description below
dr. hilarious she threw both her fucking
shoes at me um anyway so I finished
pranking her and I was about to edit
upload that video but then I was like
wait before I upload that one because
once I upload everyone's going to see it
including my girlfriend so I was like
before I upload that video why don't I
do the song lyrics tech spank on my
girlfriend so I just finished ranking my
mom but for Wallace doesn't get enough
of any pranks so right now I'm about to
prank my girlfriend she's got word she
gets off at 7:30 on it is 7:13 p.m.
right now so she comes over after work
so I got a little bit of time to
maneuver right here I decided so I was
going to just do the typical you know
oh I cheated on whatever find a song
that means I cheated on her prank her
with that but I decided to take it a
little further I decided that so I found
this song called my little secret it
talks about a side chick so I'm actually
gonna text my girlfriend at work and I'm
gonna be like I'm gonna pretend that I'm
texting my side chick song like I said
it talks about like a side chick so I'm
gonna text my girlfriend Network as if
she's my side chick and I'm accidentally
texting my girlfriend when it meant to
go to my side chick so I'm gonna keep it
going as if I'm texting my side chick
until my girlfriend says like bitch what
the fuck are you doing like this is your
girlfriend ball ball I'm gonna
transition to confessions by Usher if
you guys are no confessions part two
he admits to getting his pretty much a
side chick pregnant he says how am I
gonna woman I love
I'm doing that so how this prank is
gonna go guys I'm actually fucking
nervous as hell
usually I'm excited for my girl to come
over like you know I'm about to get some
but now yeah I'm gonna get some fucking
listen so I'm gonna start to prank up by
accidentally texting my girlfriend as if
she was my side chick you know I
accidentally texted her and said in my
side chick and then once she catches on
to that I'm gonna transition to you know
what I'm confessing yeah and I'm gonna
keep it going till she comes over I'm
gonna keep the fucking unless she
catches on and she finds out that these
are just songs I plan hopefully she
doesn't because I plan to keep this
prank going all the way till she pulls
up to my house if she still wants to
come over I don't know cuz I literally
cannot get enough I just prank my mom I
don't learn my lesson I'm bout to prank
my girlfriend this let me say I do feel
bad because first of all Jackie so nice
to me babe I fucking love you my
girlfriend shoutout oh wait where's my
heart the left side shout-out babe
also I also feel bad because she's she's
at work and she works the office job so
she can't really like call me she can't
really use her phone so I feel bad but
uh hey you got to do what you got to do
and let's get this prank started border
like a double prank first is
accidentally texting my girlfriend
thinking she was my side chick so pretty
much tell my girlfriend I have a side
chicken that I've cheated on her and to
the second part of the prank is that
I've got my fucking side chick pregnant
so there's gonna be insane okay so
there's how the first song goes she baby
my little secret
we gonna keep it oh if you don't tell I
won't tell that's how we got to keep it
oh my god okay so I'm gonna cry - pretty
much gonna text did anybody see you
coming to my house outside and that's
supposed to be for my Saachi but I'm
actually gonna send it to my girlfriend
and yeah see the artist is actually a
girl and she's singing you to a boy but
I'm doing it the other way around
obviously if you can't tell I'm a boy
and Jackie my girlfriend is a girl but
let's keep let's start now okay
it's 718 perfect time to start the prank
I'm nervous as hell no okay guys first
text set there's no turning back now I
literally just texted my girlfriend
Jackie babe I love you so much I
literally text my girlfriend saying see
baby you're my little secret if you
don't tell I won't tell him that's how
we got to keep it okay guys so before I
start this commentary I just want to say
that I'll be the first to admit that I
took this a little too far and it got
kind of out of hand and I do feel bad I
really do but I'm just warning you guys
that I realized I did take this a little
too far but I do this for you guys I do
this for you guys
anyways my girlfriend went crazy and and
rightfully so any girl in their right
mind would go crazy from these lyrics so
I don't blame her but there's gonna be a
lot of text and a lot of things said
here see baby your little secret
if you don't tell I won't tell and
that's how we got to keep it ha ha babe
you're so kinky I'm almost off work I'm
excited to see you
scariest moment of my life is the
Taiping dodge right there Luke she said
she said baby so kinky I'm almost off
work I'm so excited to see you she
really said baby you're so kinky this so
I just want to end the prank and be like
oh I'm kinky babe come here did anybody
see you come into my house I don't know
nobody was home maybe your neighbors ha
ha but nobody else the fact that she
don't know me the fact that she don't
know and it turns me
way who your mom she sees me every day
oh wait about the towels oh my god hold
on guys sorry for it the interruption of
a commentary but look I I texted my
fucking girlfriend saying the fact that
she don't know that really turns me on
so I'm expecting her to flip out
she said she says wait who your mom she
sees me every day and I'm like okay I
figured it was my mom then she said
she's in a way about the towels the
fucking towel okay here I'm not gonna
explain what the towels are but if you
don't know what she means by the towels
like in my room then you're too young to
be watching my channel but she really I
said the fact that she don't know that
really turns me on she said your mom
about the towels mom if you're watching
this it's just like towels like for it
like after I shower then that's it okay
so I'm I was expecting to be on the
confessions part this one but I have to
keep this going because she's not
catching on my girlfriend thinks I'm
such an angel can someone put a halo
around my head look I'm literally
straight-up telling her all this that
she still doesn't accuse me of cheating
I like this song oh my god this song is
actually cruel if someone actually
fucking straight to the confessions part
oh my god I'm I'm so nervous
she'll never listen to me
wait what who are you talking about I
thought we were speaking about your mom
who will never guess what the fuck what
the fuck what is wrong with you who
needs to learn how to cheat why do you
need to know how to cheat why the fuck
are you saying that did you forget who I
am do you not realize this is your
girlfriend answer your phone my boss is
letting me call you one time I have one
minute I swear to god guys someone go
call the fucking funeral homes and go
get my funeral funeral already she said
oh my god she said what the fuck she's
still typing
I said everybody cheats but you gotta
know how you gotta know when she said
what the fuck what the fuck what is
wrong with you who needs to learn how to
cheat God she's still diving I'm so
fucking nervous I didn't I why didn't I
just ended up pranking my mom why did I
have to do a double why do you need to
know how to cheat why the fuck no no
wait how many messages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
messages and the last message says
answer your phone my boss is letting me
call you one time I have one minute I
swear to God
god I just turned the camera on to tell
you how nervous I am and she just sex me
saying answer your phone about calling
I'm not gonna answer I'm not gonna
answer the call guys I can't even hold
the phone vibrating I literally feel it
vibrating my lap okay now I'm gonna
switch to confessions Exodus out I feel
so bad her but imagine imagine she went
to her boss fucking crying saying please
I need to call my boy okay oh I can
decline it eyes under Glen I'm not gonna
reply it she call me B hey she's a liar
she said her boss gave her one phone
call I'm not gonna reply either
accompaniment oh no she's typing I can't
use too much of these lyrics or else
she's gonna know I have to kind of mix
and match them
holy shit she's going crazy okay I'm
gonna do lusher now still typing shoe
she got one on the way
what the fuck answer the fucking phone
why aren't you answering excuse me
man the fuck up did you cheat on me what
the fuck are your messages
what the hell answer my calls this gonna
be the hardest thing I think I ever had
to do
you better call me now I'm not playing
what's hard to do tell me what you're
really gonna ignore my call I'm off work
what the fuck is happening answer my
calls I am not fucking playing I swear
to god guys she's going crazy oh no she
just got off work seven thirty one
she's going crazy with the fucking
message it's gonna be look he's gonna
fuck oh my gosh oh now she's off so
she's fucking calling me freely I'll
decline it but look
FaceTime look like that fucking FaceTime
guys I'm trying to type and she keeps
calling me
I can't even type I'm trying to find
another verse to do
I can't even type she keeps calling
oh no that was FaceTime again me talking
to myself asking now I'm going to tell
me what you better man the fuck up did
you cheat on me I'm so serious did you
cheat what the fuck you're a pussy oh
I'm a pussy on if you cheated on me and
you're not saying it
you better fucking say you're dead
serious man up stop typing call me but I
need to stop thinking contemplate India
man and get all the wit whoa she pulled
out the man card
she's testing me about it okay she's
testing me about it and this prank she
pulled out the man card
she said he better man the fuck up do
you cheat on me she's just sticking my
manhood right now I need to know I'm
gonna keep this going for you guys I'm
not a drop the first I says she's three
months pregnant she said she's three
months pregnant she's keeping it oh my
god she said you're a pussy if you
cheated on me I am what I eat I thought
my mom heard get what over with us we're
gonna be over if you don't fuckin tell
me what you meant I swear I'm not playin
we're over if you don't pick up my calls
I swear to god we're done I'm serious
answer my calls
she said get what over with us she's so
quick to end this relationship she was
probably waiting for this moment wanna
turn the light off the toy dramatic
oh well I'm trying to go to video uh
sure is bad why - why - parts of
confession
half of them are fucking FaceTime okay
I'm about a droplet pregnant she'll
about to drop the pregnancy right now I
swear to God
hey okay about a block or number uh-huh
I'm fucking killer
okay at this point
oh my god fuck it's why I don't date a
Latina hey guys at this point just
fucking what the fuck guys at this point
case fucking guys holy shit at this
point I Fikes oh no she's typing as I
said she said she's three months
pregnant she's keeping it guys at this
point she's calm she said who's three
months pregnant I was a calm answer babe
oh never mind she said who the fuck is
pregnant guys at this point I expect you
to fucking take a private jet from her
work even though it's only like 10-15
minutes away and fly to my house and
crash in appear right in front of my
face says she's three months pregnant
and she sees it who is three months
pregnant who the fuck is pregnant what
the fuck who the fuck what are you
talking about fuck you who did you get
pregnant what girl
I swear if you don't tell me now we're
never talking again serious who is it a
fan man the fuck up answer my fucking
calls or I'm coming over right now you
better not be a coward man up who did
you get pregnant you're disgusting who
is it
fuck you I'm driving over you better
tell it to my face I can't believe you
you piece of shit answer my fucking
calls this my law is the hardest thing I
think I've ever had to do you weren't
saying that when you were in her pussy
making a baby you disgusting piece of
shit don't talk to me anymore you're
disgusting okay this part I'm gonna read
uh not saying to any of the customers
because there were a lot in a row you
weren't saying that when you were in her
making a baby you disgusting piece of
shit don't talk to any more you're
disgusting your effing lawyer I still
don't effing believe you
was I not pleasuring you enough I
I make you come every day and this is
how you repay fee make you come every
day and this is how you repay fee you
come every day and this is how you repay
fee okay babe
piece of shit I'm on my way okay guys
I'm done with the fucking lyrics Jackie
that's okay huh oh my god why can't I
ignore her now why can't I go to her
guys look she's gonna be here any minute
ah okay whatever I'm turning my phone on
fucking you she's gonna be here any
minute I'm gonna fucking set the camera
up guys this is Mike this is my death
this is my death
this is Broadus a game who wants my
channel someone take my channel whatever
I'll just give it to Jackie babe if
you're watching this and I'm 60 on the
ground and you're at my funeral you
could have my youtube channel just post
fucking good vlogs okay don't disappoint
the bro wall squad post fuckin makeup
tutorials I don't know what the fuck you
do guys I'm setting the camera down
students I'm leaving the garage open I'm
scared oh my god she's still fucking
calling hold on she's gonna be here any
minute she told me a million times she
said your piece of shit I'm coming right
now I'm driving over I'm saying the
camera down
okay let's Elbaz what's going on Bosley
in case you don't know what's going on
at this point I Jackie's on her way over
after she believes that her boyfriend
not only cheated on her
not only accidentally sent her when he
was so sent to his side-chick
but he bother you pay attention it's
serious but he also got his side chick
pregnant pregnant and she's three months
pregnant
guys I'm setting the camera up somewhere
here I'm leaving the fucking garage open
she should be here any minute
Emily mostly guys I came and talked I'm
so fucking nervous right now
this is the best-case scenario well not
for me but for you guys I was thinking
like she might have caught on to the
first song I was thinking she might have
caught on to the second song and said
she's fucking about to be right here
there's a best-case scenario for you
guys this is what you guys wanted I
guess is what I asked for to keep it
going all the way till she got to my
house and now I deal with the
consequences
her job is like 50 minutes away so she
should honestly be here any minute now
well then I just end this day with the
prank to my mom why do I have to drag it
on to my girlfriend what we don't you
scared
oh god no I can't I cannot hold on let
me turn the lights on she's still
blowing up my phone still trying to face
I don't know if she wants to face I'm
gonna see my face like to get super
angry well guys first of all just to let
you know I'm not a dick I do feel really
bad I feel actually really really bad
but I'll make it up for Jackie so it's
all good that's that's proof I'm not a
date cuz I do feel bad I'll make it up
to her not just in the bedroom but I'll
take her out like Applebee's or Chili's
after the train I don't know who okay
now I'm gonna have a garage okay
listen I do this for you guys I could
have made this just like any other
fucking song lyrics text brain and just
ended eight like during Ted's you know
after she said I'm coming over I'll be
like babe I thought she was here after
she said I'm coming over right now it'll
been like babe listen it's just a prank
blah blah but no I keep this going for
you guys Bosley I'm so nervous
honestly look at my hands just look look
I swear to god I'm trying to keep
straight look look oh my god my right
hands worse
look there's me trying to hold guys I
can't I can't do this K will resume when
she gets here I don't know why she's
taking so long
imagine she's cheating on me because she
believes this is real imagine she comes
here oh yeah bitch beat me I'm pregnant
- Bosley are you nervous yeah all I
wanted was a small little fucking song
lyric text prank you know just small
little prank that I could do late at
night before I see my girlfriend just a
little small opening for you guys and
this is what it turns out to be I'm so
ready though I swear to god I should
have a baseball bat she in case she
comes near me I wonder if she was fuckin
crying at work I feel so bad
see that's how you know I'm a good guy
like some guys would just be like oh
let's get this prank going come on
hahaha for me I actually feel bad like I
am laughing but at the same time I still
feel bad so imagine I try to kiss her
right when she walks in no I'm not gonna
do that because then she would actually
fucking slap me and punch me in the face
Oh Bosley
cuz I'm so fucking nervous right now I
don't know exactly where Jackie is right
now she stopped the texting she's still
calling though but where the fuck is she
she's here
Jesus she's here she's here
oh my god she can sweep up the driveway
she's even fucking her spa Shiva parking
a normal spot she came straight up
car
just go
one crime where you need one right
crying crying babe what's wrong with you
told me to tell the truth and then
what'd you do
what okay it's cold
okay sorry this whole dick no let's keep
it stop maybe it's a fucking joke
yeah
it's a joke why are you call it's a
prank I swear to god it's a song there's
thing that I just did to my mom where
chick big I'm gonna make a cry for real
it's funny it's a prank
look hey okay come what breaks one guys
she's crying she actually cares about me
come show them your tears we mean it's
not funny for me for me so now she's mad
at me mad at school hey my watch is
expensive funny to you
what if I really did get a girl pregnant
though hey I'm just just out but you
can't really hit me know what's not
funny is you spilled water on my damn
mouth okay it's song Li you didn't
recognize confessions Part two I knew
you wouldn't know the fun song lyrics
praying I just did it to my mom - that's
why they uploaded yes I'm okay okay can
you say bye to the camera
one coming off the lake ride some brake
Hey ah you spilled Brian's thing what
right off haha I cried so much
wait did you cry out worried yeah babe
why now I feel bad okay what did you
tell your boss when he let you call me
I said need to call my mom just be she's
being like weird innit
so I'm your mom yeah and then he goes oh
everything okay I said I don't know look
at your face you were crying like I
could tell
that's like me when the sons lose okay
guys well babe there's freakin water the
couches hi can I get you pregnant why
wow you're not loyal oh look at the
water on the floor and the couch and I'm
gonna keep the watch actually I'm
keeping the watch guys see there would
be way more pranks on my channel there
would have been way more pranks but I am
dating a crazy Latino girl so now now
wherever we go whether we go out to eat
or without whatever we do she's gonna
call me a cheater she's gonna do this
and that she's gonna be mad at me even
though it was just a quick look at my
shirt I was gonna wear this I mean I
deserve way more
okay fine give me a kiss not in the
video guys I hope you enjoyed this
fucking video I'm sorry here but here's
my apology and you know what I told them
that's how you I have a good heart I
actually felt bad doing it oh yeah and
at least you look super hot cuz you you
look like a Teletubby
see with the antenna here my knees got a
wound stop coming at me never work in a
meadow and I hear
I'm so emotional distress River I don't
know if I'm ever gonna be doing it way
this water fresh yeah exhale why'd you
take so long to get here did you cheat
on me no it's quite a good ride Zeke
what a good excuse
yeah and when I went over to the grill
South I was fuckin crying to that I love
the home what's her name can you give me
your name okay oh you're doing all the
viruses she gave you she only gave me
herpes yeah okay guys I'm out drop a
like if you did enjoy this video and I
would say drop a like if you want to see
more pranks on Jackie but honestly know
now what that like she's giving me at
least not anytime soon
okay that's it that's it I told them I
felt bad okay guys so I just hopped up
out the shower and I'm out I'm about to
edit this prank and I'm looking back at
some of the texts that I sent and how
long I kept it going honestly I do this
for you guys like you could call me a
savage you could call me Wow no chill
bro no cuz I was fucking scared until
I'm looking back I think I really do
feel bad for my girlfriend because babe
I'm sorry I'm thinking about it if this
was the other way around
yes babe I'll take you out to eat I
swear if this was done the other way
around and she did that to me out of
fucking like I think I took it a little
too far but I do this for you guys and I
do feel bad for my girlfriend shout-out
or credit the fucking mic box whatever
the fuck his name is before you guys
attacked me in the comment section
that's my credit to him yeah guys so all
admit babe after reading back the tags
and reading how long I let it go hon oh
man I took it a little a little too far
a little bit alright no babe no more no
more pranks I do this for you guys
that's how I'm ending this video that's
all I'm going to say the things I do for
you guys the things I do to make you
guys laugh and and make you guys
entertain are crazy but
see you guys now you're about to make me
single no guys I'd do it for you guys so
I'm about to edit this video after we go
eat in there
you
