yeah guys you know what this scenery in
the background means in this table you
already know is upcoming a question and
answer sheet wait I forgot to wear jeans
hold on top - yeah cuz I'm about I'm
literally racing to the gym Rises dinner
to go play that's always so ready hold
on
right I get keys in the camera what
we're doing alright guys what's going on
I don't think so I've never done this
before
well let's go down guys and today I'm
bringing you guys a question and answer
video a little bit nervous here I've
never like done this before yeah this is
my dog names Bosley I'm gonna Boswell
Boswell that's his name man yeah this is
Boswell and come on this is getting
awkward here man right on that bar every
day plums are sweaty I'm sweating yeah I
couldn't look half fresh and then
fucking bounce matrix on the ball you
have to wear the shoes - yeah okay hey
guys today we're gonna be doing a Q&A
with some skin like questions included
you know only got me
so breaking man in love okay we're gonna
start off actually it here here's the
first question since literally
everybody's asking it
are you guys gonna go on - are you guys
can sit me do not rely on my fuckin
young shirt are you guys considering
going on tour honestly we have nothing
planned out or anything like there's no
a date or anything but a walk - we're
not saying no I would honestly down is
not a right to like we can do like an
around-the-world run out to our meetup
yeah II WI Mendes like what do we do
we're thing like like now Kody and Robyn
have a tour they just play games on
stage they going at each other they do
like these little like skits and games
going on in their mouths oh well okay
well so do we true the more song cuz no
I hate all the good shit myself
obviously not whoever could fit the most
in your mouth so one by one okay
oh no Jack you explain this you'll
fuckin beat us so bad why are they
building on for cheap our 5:30
no no I kept going down my foot okay
there's a easy one
how do you guys deal with all the hate
you get oh I literally just sit back
like this go to gym play ball oh lo que
comment alright fine play ball
oh lo que comment like I literate does
not mean anything
I literally just sit back like this for
me I used to let me get to me a long
time ago oh yeah I used to of course
yeah and then now I kind of used to it
but obviously I have more supportive
than haters and that's all that matters
so
and I mean I could just tell people hate
for no reason like Brian here this one
for you like you can do a good answer
for this any of the bus about
relationships you know for me I say as
long as you like slap the ass ass and
I'm gonna kill Britain for me well yeah
take lot of you guys are both happy good
one good one yeah happiness matters
happiness and how do you get happy like
going out to eat so yeah that's the any
advice about relations
you got wish you had a sister oh fuck no
why
well I have an answer but it's not that
mean like I say no because I just the
way I am with Jackie like overprotective
and like like kind of crazy
no you just be annoying go go go
I could only imagine I get from yet a
little sister both like 14 and she'd be
like mom can I go to a party ox about my
room be like what the fuck you just get
the fuck back
oh yeah so I can't do another I can't do
a sister I'm to pretend I don't want a
sister because I'm already used to just
having Brandon and like having another
girl now or like having a girl in the
house like well another girl I didn't
even say like that but they're just
being annoying like I don't know if I
have kids I don't want to go hey who had
the bigger nose okay - kinda like
there's different dimensions but I have
a Brandon this has like just like a
bigger bug here I'll Peck him we'll pick
each other and see which ones like each
other with what's on your nose I think
mine is more
I think mine is more like a two-count
like the fools Berta Marx
we're like dad I wish my nose okay
okay this one there what kind of 12 you
can you ask that what you would do if
the rug looked at Jack again or can you
act out what you do if you caught like
Brian and Jack you like in the act
okay totally just act like got caught
into a girl okay
I'm a firm believer like no hearing
sharing is caring
especially what someone's done so much
for you using only like you have to give
back to people who you care for him what
not you're watching this change who
would have went in a fire hose
hey guys I would definitely win in a
real fight go get the pills before I
fucking do the jokes left through the
table oh no and all the grapes to add on
her glass picture
oh we could answer this one fast who
lost ever did me first
I will don t sell my mom's stomach when
I lost my virginity yeah I know was
Brandon
mom after you need to leave for the Q&A
this is it okay Brian break your pillows
this might get ugly take a pillow we
have to like eat each other up
no I get each other mad oh look I'm
putting nails in his
okay Bosley move okay
that's it one I don't know give a small
ass no I don't
oh those are on the question by Dan
picket whoever bigger asked I think my
brother hi oh I better even say I do man
no I do definitely I wish I have bigger
eyes
I live in to grab well aren't you a
little wait this question why I love you
want to answer ball answer when would
you guys first time jacking off honestly
oh yeah well they didn't like him like
there's two going nice we're like way
from child's room I know nothing nothing
comes out later yeah but mine wasn't
really like I was fucking all the kids
like I was a kid yeah I'm sure kids nah
didn't do it young - yeah it's nothing
to be ashamed of how do you two meet how
did we meet
they got I met him at the hospital or
was I don't know if you even came for my
birth oh I have a son Z shut up you're
one years love what here's what in a
half a year five months we're a year in
six minutes
no I'm fine wouldn't most likely sub
toes for five dollars if they were broke
Brian I would suck your toes no I don't
even think you've met each other so why
would you send my girls for the video Oh
doing here's would socks are not to do
with socks off unlike your class where
Oh God honestly I'm answer this question
I'm about behind answer but like I don't
need to be broke or asked for five
dollars just sucked it like I would suck
jacket so I don't care yeah depends on
who I was how would you like Jackie
shows like I would we don't have a toe
fetish but like I would suck it yeah
Jackie tastes good wait take it here
I'll take yourself off you won't like
your time are you sure yeah I'll have a
grape off your toe between crime you cut
your nail uh okay shoving it between I'm
gonna put on top
hey Larry so gross you stop you sure
don't squish it it is so good I just
don't shape up the sharper on my face
right Bryan do it give me love did you
spit it hey
he offered I didn't make him do it
it's everywhere I look 10 ants on me
today I know I saw it when actually your
charges will leave hmm
this question by simply pops how do you
feel about moving I honestly hate if we
have to move because like I'm very
against it only because we've lived in
this home for like 17 years obviously I
don't remember anything from when I was
like 3 or 4 years old so this is pretty
much my whole home of my whole life yeah
17 years out of 21 and not just that but
we like this house was not like this
before we remodeled it to perfection the
backyard used to be all grass you guys
see it now I kind of miss the whole
backyard
no all the like all the paint my dad did
all this all the bathrooms my dad
remodeled have you've seen my room but
like not only have we lived in for a
long time but we like changed it to our
dream home like this house wasn't like
this so we changed it to alter our
liking so honestly I'm against moving
but I don't know how I feel I would say
it's a bribe I would move cuz Brian does
have a hard okay this is a good job
that's what I'm saying the pink poofy
shirt suzy gcd roast each other okay oh
I want to start off Bobby dumbass the
fucking eye boogers and nasty-ass I'm
here to shower and now your skinny bones
John would you eat some fucking you all
right wood is right here in the comics
and fridge put in your body
I'm one to talk ghost me and Bosley's
badass have you seen your fucking note
it's literally two kids in and you're
fucking I'm bad at roasting what else
hold on hold on hold on when you shave
your pubes on your social spell in the
trash not put them back on your face up
when you shave your pubes aren't you
supposed to throw them in the trash not
put them back on your foot
a good one that was a good one give me
one more come on oh I have so much to
say about my heart I'm a gold chain I
have a mess of hairline right now a
fucking I don't know I don't know I
can't really cut up have you walked it
on rug gonna taking a shower Brian
actually walks the grow when he takes a
shower
like what I literally leave when my mom
dad are home I'll leave the door open I
walk around naked and I have like him
vibrant economy doesn't rayalu might be
chick I'm gonna shower yeah Riley covers
himself with a towel goes in the shower
box listen man if you don't come in
yesterday I or two days ago I walked out
the shower and you're like pee but I
head out great isn't one however the
video like it you just can't be safe in
this house how many times have you
fought with each other over dumb stuff
we came from behind the jerseys and
remember was like we talked about in my
Q&A
well we literally got such a big granite
is that I think if the jersey number is
ironed on to a fucking thing there and
then branch if you're an animal which
one would you want to be or on babe I
would be well we figure room hey I'm on
well you smell so bad I would be a
pretty cool yeah no you're been scary
I know get him now okay guys we can't
say this question out loud let's just
say they're both putting Bosley in the
garage let's just say this buzzing
Bosley
Bosley system we're gonna Bosley garage
Bosley Bosley buzzing Bosley mom like
fucking Gosling do you see the question
it says both Bosley with the garage yeah
come on we get herpes I know
all right bunkai Bosley Ryan I'll do the
honors you
okay Baba O'Riley garage
he literally hates you
oh you dumbass why would you do that Oh
Brian he's fast he's fast here you do it
record me real quick I got this shit
watch I not have on this I can't go come
on
father Lee we're gonna go in the garage
yeah let's go in the garage Brian get
him Brian get him go Bosley go at least
open him the light open turn on the
light whatever yay okay Bob hey you
let's watch him on the camera
oh he's by the door already
fine what kind of punishment
IBG ski ski skis come in come in he's
like but he's gonna beat my ass God just
you don't know the background story
Basel used to live in the garage when he
was a puppy before he confronted who
what would happen without scared what
would a rug do if you slept with Kylie
Jenner first of all I'll blow a fuse I
thought I saw first of all I wouldn't
sleep with Kylie Jenner like ah jack is
like I mean Kylie Jenner like probably
just like my whole body would be weak
and faith what am I gonna be like doing
a fucking plop plastic a piece of
plastic I might as well just put it back
and she's fated the fat fucking ass fake
fake yeah babe but it's still fat okay
so he might as well go get a darling no
it's the same thing different okay so
what would you do to me if you saw me
looking I will i cigar in my mouth and
she's gonna talk to me and what would
you do I hope you fucking push you off
on Kate hair and I take her to my room
okay you can I'm pretty sure I'm better
Brian Brian okay you want to do that
like a stamp like a competition how
would we do
while he was shot on camera but okay so
we'll both go to the same let's get out
mind you're not fucking better than me
Shh you've heard the stories don't lie
mom nothing mom is nothing else you mom
nothing nothing mom nothing nothing
next question have you ever cut rug
jacking up haven't you caught me like a
long time ago I think so died my dream
I'm at computer I'm sure I found a
portable computer but I'm saying catch
me haven't you I was in my room trying
to think when maybe that was my to me
I'm sure with your Dinkas I wouldn't I
probably would not have forgot about
that like it would be in my head yeah no
I haven't caught Brian who would be more
likely to be a stripper if they didn't
do YouTube probably you yeah me because
you have a body
here let's just try it like you can give
me a lap dance you want no I'll gonna
like get up like what do you do for a
stripper no no that's good you certainly
do yeah all right and then I pay you
kick me to the back room the VIP no I
show a lot on there no but I think for
this
it's easy to love me now you wanna fuck
you see me good shy record yeah okay
guys the last question is who can make a
3-point shot first so we're gonna get
too bad some Altima the guy's body won't
come on the scene conscious lovely come
on we're going in the garage father
we're going in the garage Bosley come on
we're going in the garage well now I can
change my poster because I'm leaving
after this one
guys he's such a cheater look he's
warming up you're warming up cheater
still miss ya guys I'm ready to go to
the gym honestly right after it mom can
you record the slashed shot okay guys
okay my ball went all the way fuckin
there like it's me the outro let you do
right here it's so hot another Marty
autograph I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
drop well you know I never asked for
life oh my god it's so hard I know guys
this feels so we drop a like if you
enjoyed the video let's try this man
Thursday's like guys no I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I'm about to go to
Jim Brian's about to record his vlog mom
where are you gonna go shopping okay
Ryan got so scared yeah mom I'll bring
it down bother just with my camera
inside okay guys we actually forgot to
answer a question really quick this way
there were actually two questions this
one I could answer about someone else do
you guys eat ass together
like I mom go have fun okay do you think
I ate that by myself I don't know about
I would be down might go out to have a
gourmet meal me and him together I don't
know if he would be down I'm doing I
would do it but I have it well yeah I'll
be down to eat it together like go out
to Ian's order off the menu and leave a
nice tip but okay the last question now
is we forgot the answer this one but I
really did want to answer it Ron I need
a fuckin hear cut oh my forgotten the
roast whew cuz I want roast one more
time have you ever been to a fuckin
barbershop we out twice and they mail
sent right here okay guys this question
is what makes you guys happy like what
is obviously the obvious answer is
making videos making YouTube videos but
let's think outside the box what makes
you guys happy for me I'd say for sure
my girlfriend for sure Jackie like I
could honestly be having a super bad day
and like I'm in a bad woman I see Jackie
and I just get super happy now
know what's coming when I see her but
like just I could just and and on it's
like when I see Jackie smile that makes
me smile you get it fun I know hold on
I'm all going to it my family like when
I see my family happy like whitey this
is what I say if I see the people that I
care about happy and smiling even if I'm
in a bad mood and yeah then it'll still
make me happy
basketball obviously I guess super happy
to play basketball and you guys know
it's a lot like honest Brian how lucky
are we that it let's say we're feeling
down or feeling some type of way some
people can go to like one or two people
for help and we literally have millions
of people yeah no I just got my Twitter
and I see all these like tweets to me
I'm like holy shit this many people like
me so I yeah yeah obviously you guys are
a huge part of my happiness so I really
do appreciate that to my girl Kailyn you
know yeah when it's ball season I'm
actually bats not like to be mad that's
what Beth my mom my dad my brother not
Bosley there's just a lot of thing a lot
of the brains
I know but really the biggest thing is
like if I see the people that I care
about was people that I like happy and
doing good then like that's what makes
me happy and another shout outs my
girlfriend Jackie because she makes me
super have all kind of weird my gym for
real
