got this fish Hey
okay babe the vlog doesn't know where
we're going
got a hold on before you tell them okay
you are probably already saw it on
Twitter and you probably already fucking
saw it on my snapchat story by the time
this video goes up but anyways we'll
keep the suspense real so we woke up and
you know we're in the LA area and on our
way back home we got a pass by
Disneyland a way I just spoiled it but
because we when we came here we passed
his land we kept driving this is an hour
down an hour pass Disneyland so
obviously going back home what do you
see you see Disneyland so I woke up and
in my morning voice with the eye boogers
and everything I was like babe I might
just fuck around and go to Disneyland
and then she was like no so then I think
we're actually going to go to Disneyland
a surprise spontaneous trip to
Disneyland go we literally had no plans
of this look we're going we're packing
to go back home but then it's Sunday so
Jackie doesn't have work um I'm going to
miss one upload today I know it hurts
but I was probably gonna miss one
anyways cuz I didn't have my laptop with
me and by the time we got home with
traffic and everything it was gonna be
really late so where we going we're
going to Disney we're gonna pull up buy
tickets we're gonna pull up buy tickets
at the door and go in oh man
Danielle she said she can't go guys I
don't know if you remember but this girl
Danielle she's honestly one of my
biggest fans look look at her her
profile picture is me outside of
Disneyland and then her cover photo she
came all the way to San Diego at a mall
because I was there and we met for the
first time so I met her a couple of
times see I follow her on Twitter I I
tweeted to her I was like yo Danielle
we're gonna be in the LA area again if
you and your family wants to meet up
later cuz we met her last time we went
to Disneyland he lives
around there so when we went me and
Jackie went to Disneyland I told her to
go to like downtown busy and we met up
so I told her but then she just said
that they're gonna be at a beach today
so um she can't yeah cuz we met her Adam
at the mall she came all the way to San
Diego
she was spamming my Twitter this was
months ago like six months ago she was
saying my Twitter she's like hey if I
come to see any oh can I meet you and I
was like uh I guess this girl looks like
a big fan so whatever yeah we can meet
and then we met and I found out she
lives in LA so when we went to
Disneyland me and Jackie I hit her up
and I was like hey we're gonna be in the
Disneyland area if you live close here
and then they came and met up so we
tried again but they're going to Beach
yeah right I could hit up wherever I
want but the only girl I want to hit up
the only girl on a hit
why do you put so much lotion everywhere
I know your legs are so soft your legs
are so sexy I'm already touching the
sole in case you couldn't tell we didn't
exactly eat the great breakfast here but
guys we're literally we're starving we
haven't ate after they levels foot on
the stairs I swear to god guys we're
literally starving and guess what we're
going to Cannes there's why babe
philosophy I have a key I got the key
its way babe philosophy I have a key
I got the key please keys keys keys
so there's literally a million
restaurants on here it's Beverly Hills
there's breakfast places there's a
million Carlos juniors there's a million
drive-throughs we're starving remember
ever since 4:00 in the morning we were
trying to like to eat something we're
living yeah in like four hours I'm
hungry now
guys I'm so hungry I'm about eat the
Carl's jr. burger from yesterday I swear
would I die or Noble I'm not it oh we
have a Michael okay guys I had enough
babe you ate the fucking burger did you
really take a bite was it bad or know
we're living living all the way to
Cannes which is one hour away the one
next to Disneyland
so we're gonna go all the way there and
Jaguar Mercedes Mercedes Range Rover
Prius Mercedes we gotta throw the Prius
in there just to show there are some oh
I see AG wagon just show there are some
normal people oh shit my car he's
probably like well it's fucking
recording me so yeah guys we're going
all the way to Cannes an hour away thank
you we might see you next I don't know
next party
so yeah guys we're going to Cannes
starving but we'll make it we're going
to Cannes do you know this song
gosh you hate tonight you don't even
know there's the whole album I'm playing
okay what's your complaint why can't I
play Fetty WAP deluxe album because I
asked you to put one okay if you sing me
the song you want to put it if you sing
the part then I'll put it okay go no you
know okay fine I will record you just
sing again I'll put it you know the part
before that to like the drop and then to
go to that planet
now you're recording you babe please
okay I'll put it to find justing the you
Babli God I'm sitting here editing it
she's so fucking cute when she sings I
swear what you did she says it for
longer than that okay that's it guys
we're entering San bernandino that's
Bosley's hometown play keep right never
mind we're not going to bother his
hometown but father's hometown is left
that's what Bosley wraps hey I love this
song God you know when me and Jackie
first started talking she told me how
she hated Fetty WAP and like all the
shit and I dedicated a farewell song to
her and you know what she told me
instead of being like all day that's so
cute
she said if someone ever dedicates a
Fetty song to me that we would never
ever date and I dedicated this awesome
now you like
I only like it because it says when I
went no he says when I tell her I'm
hungry she says boy get on your knees
that's I dedicated it to you but you
didn't know that at the time
okay you don't like okay I'm never ever
like okay I'm not guys from how much
cops that I watch I'm kind of in the
mood right now to see some sirens behind
me again a high-speed chase my
girlfriend has she's shown me support
she said I'll win the high-speed chase
so bitch drive oh my look you're going
under 60 miles per hour fucking freeway
dumbass
yeah I think I'll win a high-speed chase
with a cop before I ever watched cops
don't don't get me wrong I would fucking
definitely pull over if a couple me over
but so much constantly and they sing
this song that I want to say to you now
that I watch cops I would if I see signs
on me I'll definitely get a high-speed
chase and try to outdo them if they do
it I want to get on the show somehow
some way guys you know this song
does it sound familiar this shit
literally been my intro for fucking like
a over a year slug the Disneyland Castle
again yay we're here busy guys wait for
the wait for the part you guys know this
part
oh that's a part of mine so guys I
honestly don't think I'm ever gonna
change my intro like babe look what
happens
hey guys I passed Keynes because I was
getting too lit to my intro oh yeah as I
was saying I don't think I could ever
change my intro like that just defines
Who I am as a person like I already have
a for my college final report I'm not
even gonna do any of my tests I'm just
gonna play the song in class and that's
it like this is me this is all you need
to know
struggling
well one ear hold on I should have had
to say even either petit or princess ho
but they didn't let me do that not you
all again adios
that's for Nikki Nikki's your sister oh
they don't know okay so are you ready to
go to Disneyland me yes I'm so pumped
wait let me what dr. pepper Nicole babe
yes hold on hold on guys my girlfriend
in the fucking liar my girlfriend is a
fucking liar
you're like get out of my car get out
yeah I know I'm telling on you
so she asked me to put her a drink at
Cannes and she had coke she had already
coke coked out I'm just saying
hey hold on let me tell them so she
already had a coke and she's like babe
can you go get me a refill and I knew
she had cokes I when I play her some
cocaine I actually watch to do it no no
no no no so I put some coke and I refill
them when I gave it to her I said oh
babe Oksana put dr. pepper in there and
right now I never been talked about
there was coke I know when she drank it
when she drink is she like no you
worried she said dr. pepper I could
taste it there was no dr. pepper you're
a liar mm-hmm she's such a lie she went
like this she was like the dr. pepper do
I was like babe I didn't play that means
you're ready for it
he has although no Minnie Mouse lives on
the fucking streets because you're the
prostitute
okay I know all thank you Mickey is the
pimp who's the one that's not a thought
that I told you you know I remember all
of them are all Elsa mm-hmm good job
who's the thought her pussy's frozen
that's why she oh my god get it I'm out
here ruining childhoods who is a thought
Snow White Cinderella I forgot the other
princesses sleeping not quite Sleeping
Beauty Tinkerbell that's sleeping like
Tinkerbell all of the Disney Princesses
go home peach and Daisy okay babe
yeah you said hey you're not sinking
yeah cuz it's not louder - guys we just
pulled up to dis Lin we got first fan
right away what was your name Kevin
Kevin nice to meet you
ok guys so we're out here at Disneyland
right for the second no for the third
time in a week
wait where's ok wherever it is that is I
know how to get there
we're in a different parking lot so
because who else you know that goes to
Disneyland that's well sure is plain
white tee freakin Nike songs okay guys
look at that little girl with the shorts
black shirt Minnie Mouse hat and the
superstars look superstars shorts black
and Minnie Mouse hat look babe scoot a
little in like oh my gosh the superstars
- yeah
you
Oh guys look first shop I see when I
walk in Disney showcase that's where I
got Jackie's hat stitched
wait what does Cruella De Vil have she
has ten thought maybe oh no a hundred
and one 100 anyone what tell me what is
doll mania
it's oz with the sports man you mean
Dalmatian not don't mean
okay fine dummy
you like your ears
she's cocky she doesn't know about stay
humble
look at the guys backpack about you guys
look
a bunch of people happen
okay show your highlight
wait how focus hold on hold on okay go
show it off signing on these hoes
that should be my caption for my next
Instagram picture of shiny days
follow me on instagram please Polly
gods for super nice man taking me and
Jackie on space we got fat they got fast
life and just cut everybody they
probably gods we literally cut everybody
courtesy of these guys shoutout
single
q with the house you
they could
I wanna ride we got fans right behind
cuz we got fan low which God name is
Diesel's Shack let me go what's up Sam I
encouraged him to do YouTube God what
are we gonna see what is that all the
crocodile guys Jackie played but y'all
the tour I thought the animals were real
alarm kept saying that this guy's up
after all zebras do you guys like zebras
oh yeah so do the Lions you kept saying
what don't worry they're just protecting
that sleeping T bruh yeah it's so cute
all it looks dead tired that's a good
example why you should never get in a
fight with the Rhino they always get the
point across on the junk off tour and
all the dangerous hit modify
only teachers when they wiggle their
ears of blow bubbles that's exactly what
they're doing
oh no these two in front of us are about
to charge the boat let me see if I can
scare him off everyone cover your ears
yeah look at that
the hippos are actually terrified to
turn over now guys hop on the tour
Jackie right oh she's like she's like
yes this is no she said guys this is she
said this is the Jungle Cruise I was
talking about now let's go to Indiana
Jones yeah and then I'm like expecting
like a zoo tour like a safari tour you
really thought we had cows you literally
told me you just went on a tour that
takes you to the open like and it looks
like Africa and everything but you can't
expect real babies okay well I didn't
know and I hop on and I see fucking
plastic animals I'm just like baby like
what man the wait times 40 minutes guys
shout out Fast Pass fans we're getting
we're cutting everyone again that they
hate us for sure I think video guys are
pictures coming up guys
here's us and the cockpit say I'm sweet
a man she said she'll meet him at sea
when we make an agreement and we can
just while we'll be in France Bela guys
with my girlfriend's happy or like super
excited she has a smile on her face it
she looks so beautiful with it like when
she's super excited or super happy she
just has this like her face glows it's
like I'm looking at a princess well she
is my princess but it's like you don't
like she was watching the Disney parade
because she's always wanted to watch it
and she was smiling so hard she was
cheating so hard
I literally just kept recording
snapshots of her face like I just wanted
to I wanted to help hold the camera up
to her face the whole entire time and
just record her whole face throughout
the parade she was so - it was so
beautiful look if it was up to me I
wouldn't even look at the parade I'll
just watch her face she was so cute just
like I swear I know I'm being a simp I
know but just look
you
guys we're here with Haley I think she's
my biggest cheer dog dog ending it's
yo yo
again yeah
okay hit the high note for me one more
time cuz one more time before we go home
I'm actually gonna bring for uh Brian in
my dad where are you gonna do you want
to get any for your family or no we'll
see you guys we're getting this for the
way back guys you already know what time
it is no it is not 1044 well it is but
that translates to some lunchtime
basketball I believe you already know
it's got my canes right here oh shit I
think I burn did you hear that sizzle I
came in late last night fucking went to
sleep for a couple hours woke up right
away
lunchtime basketball gotta go and I
think my mom Holly game-winner on snap
oh the hook shot the hook shot Oh
so we got down set a couple hours later
back at the gym came earlier for
lunchtime basketball now I'm here to
lift to work out got my pregame protein
and you right here healthy for you
honestly couple dozen of these right
before your workout you feel like
Incredible Hulk so now my second time
here today Tommy go live some waves okay
guys before I end this video first of
all I want to thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you guys did enjoy this
video oh yeah also tomorrow Q&A is
coming out me and Brian we record we
just finished recording it that's being
uploaded tomorrow there were a lot of
skit like question it was a really funny
video to record so that's gonna come out
tomorrow but before I end this video I
just want to give a huge birthday shout
out to my cousin you guys might know her
as Anthony's sister or Chanel she's been
in some of my videos she's been in some
of Bryan's here and there
I want to give a huge birthday shout-out
she turns 20 so not 21 yet but she turns
20 I'm Janell happy birthday if you're
watching this I doubt you watch my
videos because she's so busy with work
but um me and Chanel go way back that's
my first cousin right there i'ma leave
her Instagram in the description below
so if you guys want to wish her happy
birthday go check her out leave a
comment on a picture it's happy 20th
birthday Chanel link is in the
description go give her a follow Chanel
happy birthday
