got this
guys now the estimated arrival time to
our hotels 3p n again that's to our
hotel and now not even for the business
party so we're actually going to be like
two to three hours late to the party so
guys we have to leave it in valet
there's no open parking you have to do
valet I know guys you know you're in
Beverly Hills when literally every other
car you see is like Alexis Tesla Porsche
Mercedes every other every other car
range over right there two in a row
Lexus right here look at down there I
see a Porsche Beemer Lexus I know Hotel
was so fucking expensive it's so small -
I paid so much I expected to pull up
into like a mansion fuck
we just pulled up to the hotel Brian's
still stuck in traffic and he left like
Brian left a good like 45 minutes before
me east of central traffic so we're
actually going to be waiting on him
the traffic was terrible it turned like
a two-hour drive to a four hour drive we
were driving for four hours
I know up the first flight of stairs
okay I'm dressed so down for this hotel
I have to come back up these stairs for
the snapchat story because I didn't have
enough hands somewhere here cuz this
looks like a house you look I hate one
of the bathrooms don't have no they
don't have long and I hate that every
time I got a shower Jackie tries to come
in the shower with me I hate it okay let
me leave the camera on overnight and see
what happens
guys look I thought this was I'm gonna
open the door on you look guys I thought
this was like a closet watch I was about
to walk straight in and boom it's a
fucking shelf we'll put this sign to use
until Brian comes we got time okay I'm
bout a goat I'm about to go make a
snapchat story I'll be back coming back
up the stairs because because Jackie's
purse from she's got for her birthday
from her mom m'kay Michael Kors guys
we're supposed to get to the party at
1:30
now maybe even one o'clock but around
like 1:30 and uh we're supposed to get
that 1:30 right now it's currently 4
p.m. Brian's about to pull up to his
hotel we're getting ready we're about
done I seem to throw my shirt on God
that's why I'm wearing my fucking white
t-shirt I brought um look I brought this
like my blue but enough that I were to
ask Jackie out but but I'm wearing my
white tee um yeah so we're probably
gonna be there yeah cuz it's sort of
like a pool party I'm not going to bring
my camera because like I said I've never
been to one of these but I have seen
like I've seen snapchats and I've seen
some videos and I just it's it's not
worth it I could like whether I lose it
or someone take so I'll just misplace
and forget it when I leave it's just
too risky I don't want to lose my camera
I don't think my brother is logging
either are you blogging yes okay so
she's like I'm joking you ready so we're
just gonna pull up wait for Brian to get
to his hotel we're gonna over to partay
Tai Lopez party we're so late yeah I
took the traffic took us it was usually
a two-hour drive it took us four hours
to get here
that's almost Vegas Vegas Vegas is like
five hours I just drove four hours to LA
wow I could have went to Vegas I'm
bummed now I'm bummed I think it's just
five hours I drove Farmingdale guys
she's forcing me to iron my shirt she
said I didn't look spiffy
she refuses to she refuses to go out
with me like this she said there you
look ugly you know what people say they
say dude you know jack is gonna leave
you she always dresses up and you always
wear a white t-shirt
falala I don't know how the fuck you pay
for this maybe at the front desk I'm
Mike the situation no I'm Vinny I want
to be Vinny then I want to be Ronnie I
don't want to be Mike I am Ronnie
because you always yell at me yeah
exactly
wait them all wish you cry I'm wrong in
your Sam
are you friends as where yes they're not
hey we're going to ride it straight down
tell literally me and Jackie not what
you see on camera though oh okay that's
not me I'm wrong in your Sam
I just can't fucking Billy if you would
break my glasses guys or whatever I
don't know how to pay for this but I'm
taking the skittles oh man why the blue
ones I love the purple ones okay but I
think it's good cause I'm wearing jeans
the one the only guys were here friend
our look our fridge is leaking look all
the ice melted they're sending someone
mmm
guys brian is still in traffic he just
texted me still 30 minutes away
yeah the leak is still ongoing
what is the person coming like soon
so we have time for one more round right
now not if they come in soon they have a
room key - uh-oh the Do Not Disturb sign
is on guys I guess 2016 and the Do Not
Disturb sign does not mean shit Lilly
does it do not disturb sorry I sound
recording on this is Do Not Disturb sign
right outside the door what did they say
in Spanish is that okay let's just going
see and I said okay okay wait but they
did fix stuff leak there's no more leak
except for when I go take a piss but
yeah Brian Z here so we're about to go
call over huh we're gotta go take an
uber to the party
I'm skating about a disney on my stature
missing listen go would ya
okay guys so I'm here in the bathroom to
update you there's someone locking on
the robotic care
I met rice come Michigan Oaks Tai Lopez
hayes grier jackie rug i met Pedro yeah
it's a great time and now it's time to
go back out hi I looked and really
thought this would be Italian I'm not
Verdi but Battaglia is a good friend of
my new Accord actually in the house
warming only good guys only right now
guys yes I know his name isn't really
Cory Baxter but I know his name Kyle
Massey but I don't care to me that's
Cory Baxter forever are you kidding me
as Cory in the house that is not Kyle
Massey I was not I was hot when I saw
him I was like bro what the fuck is up
like and I yes I referred to him as Cory
that's why he said we in the house he
could calm self whatever he wants his
birth certificate could say whatever it
wants but to me that's Cory Baxter it's
2:00 a.m. and I just woke up - I don't
know none of the outlets are working
like none of these where you plug your
shit in or working and I had my phone
plugged in on I didn't notice and so I
had to like good thing they had the USB
shit because none of these ones are
working none of them I'll know one down
here and none of all of them don't work
so first we had the leak in the fridge
then this because I went on the follow
through last night I followed like 25 25
of my biggest fans or so I'd like to
think at least like 25 go okay who did
you say that you wanted to meet who'd
you meet Madison beer max queer I don't
even know who that wait who's Madison
beer she's like she's like a singer she
although one that seems you owe
okay who's uh who else was there
Kylie Jenner's friend what's your name
colleagues and his friend Oh Madison
beard
okay so who's called Jenna's friend you
told me her name oh yeah Jordan sparks
sassy baby Jordan was oh no guys they're
honestly like oh no I think Drake Drake
was there no no Jericho's in there guys
I'll literally like there were a bunch
of big-time youtubers and big-time
Viners that were walking right past me I
didn't even know who the fuck they were
I don't even know what the fuck they
were because I don't really like know a
lot of fucking youtubers they're all
walking past me and people are like Oh
bro did you see who that was and I was
like who and they're like look and I was
like I don't know that okay start it
from the beginning well hold on first
let me tell them what I do put it down
please
like turn it on mine oh you know what I
do every night every night I'm with
Jackie I make her go to my snapchat sir
and we watch it like a fucking movie
this won't you complain about like this
I wanna say I say don't skip it
yeah I don't like that you have to go
back again I'm not really okay go hit it
start from the beginning put it up it up
hey Tom doesn't do one more thing though
you're enjoying this at your thing hey
did you like that song don't skip the
story just watch it like a TV show it
has no commercials do you like that um
yeah the Sun why thank you I mean Do Not
Disturb with the flat ass Jackie what
did I put it up it up
hey I posted that to my fucking story
yeah where else doesn't live in
chocolate
I know not rice it was no ty Lopez why
don't you look like Dario I know
oh my god rug rug rug mystic joke BIA Oh
who's ooh Oh guys I was in shock Cory
the house there's a we in the house
hey it looks like I've gone to
haircutting so long but it's just a
shadow okay the show is over now I can
face like mine I know Amos and I like
your bed more okay now to watch yours go
to your it's cut you
another song yeah I like this one I look
good yeah in like four hours I'm hungry
now gosh I'm so hungry I'm bout eat the
Carl's jr. burger from yesterday I swear
would I die or no no I'm just I'm not
yet
oh we ever Michael wait do we ever my
all weight over my class huh without a
microwave where that's a safe oh you
know if I can save another isn't gonna
heat up in the safe yeah I'm not going
to eat that shit that's just nasty from
yesterday your head guys I was gonna eat
the Carl's jr. burger that I have from
you I said I was gonna heat it up in
that microwave so I found out it was a
fucking safe not a microwave okay guys
well in case you're wondering I'm full
now and no I didn't eat food
what are you watching the first time I
told her I love you okay guys I had
enough but you ate the fucking burger
did you really take a bite was it bad or
no okay well I don't trust a burger but
I mean the chicken oh I can't do no is
there potent in the burger
probably wait I can't dip it in the
sauce huh no you can't the sauce has
been open for fucking years
what'd you call me
okay good fuck out the hotel damn
get out family you know I just remember
we used to go through that face oh oh
yeah so mad at you because you say
things fam wait there's ranch in here
there's ranch in here to close this room
guys you know they're gonna bill me to
the room so bad look first I got the
skittles that was like three dollars
then I got a water from here the Fiji
it had to be Fiji how much is Fiji water
and then and then we ran out of water
but we're fucking dying of thirst so now
we got a Gatorade and all of these our
money baby you can't open it if I go to
gym okay hey take over the plug don't
guys youngbae build like crazy and we
didn't even want gatoring wanted more
water but what are you no but I'm about
to open it yeah there's no more water in
the whole room I know me too
hunger guys we're dying of hunger we're
dying of thirst
it's fucking 4:00 in the morning maybe
you need to sleep I know I need to go to
sleep guys after I open the ranch
well I'm about to drink from the toilet
can I don't know is so tied to open Oh
they trick you they make you take it out
the fridge so you get charged for it but
then you can't open it guys we just read
the list the water bottle was five
fucking dollars the Gatorade was four
dollars four dollars for this food are
so thirsty I'm not in the honey mustard
I was open for so long so low and first
of all why eating my chicken stars a
burger was you're okay babe we need to
go back oh shit Smarties we got this
from the party hey hey I'm just showing
up and looking I'm swinging on the
camera oh wait oh this is mine it's
called sassy sours babe please dip it in
the ranch no you're gonna die if you die
okay it doesn't matter you can't eat the
honey mustard go to go to sleep go god I
can't wait to go back home
okay now that Jackie's not looking I'm
eating honey mustard the ranch is nasty
mmm
guys the complimentary breakfast our
Continental very principled okay what is
it called
okay the complimentary breakfast ends at
10:00 it's like 9:40 right now so oh no
it's not it's 9:30 baby you don't even
know if they out well booked and now
we're rushed look I didn't have time to
put on socks so we're gonna go check out
what they have really quick you know I
looked up the I looked up the closest
Keynes and it was 52 minutes away the
same one we went to when we went to
Disneyland there's no Keynes in Beverly
Hills you would figure it since it's
such a like a five-star restaurant that
they would have it in Beverly
exactly okay I'm coming
you'll have to wear a shirt yeah
yeah right the ship look the fridge it
wasn't the fridge was leaking the
outlets didn't work and the showerhead
has like mold on it try and tell me they
won't serve me a lot of shirt okay guys
so I guess it's not like and the
restaurants in there I did look it babe
it's called it's called both look it's
called complimentary continental
breakfast alternate debate which one it
was and then here's the seating area
outdoors okay find us ourselves actually
nicely
oh no she saw the cappuccino sign
I know guys well that was a scam oh okay
oh we came from the door I forgot guys
that was a scam look you know how it's
called free complimentary breakfast the
only thing that was free was fucking
bagels everything else you had to take a
seat hold on babe open it you had to
take a C and order from the menu for
money like you're welcome like I walked
in and garage what is it yeah so yeah
guys were like oh so where's the eggs
and coffee and you know all that and he
was like and he was like oh well you sit
down and grab a menu and all that and we
were like we were like we're like okay
and we thought it was free hold on me
it's not guys remember me vlogging at
night when we were starving and we said
okay we'll just wake up and get a
complimentary breakfast this is what I
fucking wake up for this oh well I can't
complain it's still food okay guys so we
forgot to bring up any knives or Forks
or anything to spread forgot to bring
anything to spread the ingredients so
it's about to be the struggle spreading
these on with nothing just by themselves
what's the fuck
okay well I can't even open this fish
hey guys uh I'm here too okay I have a
few things to say before I end this
video first of all at that mansion party
first of all awesome time I had a
freaking I had a blast I met so many new
people it was it was amazing
me and Jackie had a ton of fun sorry I
couldn't get too much footage like I
said I didn't want to bring my camera um
another thing I wanted to say is a lot
of people follow me whether it's
Instagram snapchat or Twitter they see a
lot of like a lot of previews of the
vlogs that I post on social media before
the vlogs get posted on YouTube so if
you don't follow me on any of those
social medias and you're interested in
pretty much getting like sneak peeks or
sneak previews of the vlog that's being
uploaded before it gets uploaded give me
a follow on those it's always like that
um links on the description below or if
you don't want to look at the
description my name is bro wat is on all
the apps social media Twitter Instagram
snapchat
anyways Broadwalk thank you guys for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed and uh what's today Tuesday I
hope you guys had an awesome Tuesday and
an awesome rest of your week three more
days til the weekend guys so thank you
guys so much for watching in I love you
guys so much
