right there tips in his side-chick
we're gonna go get him on camera okay I
don't know if you get Toby's hiding
behind the basketball hoop he heard me
with the American dad taking his dog out
for a walk
Saturday morning but let's go there
Brian on camera first of all that's my
shirt hey Molly
no that's my that's my sample shirt it's
actually like you like the material and
stuff and it's all okay Bosley let's go
inside listen no no I don't come on
we'll explain it inside guys me and my
brother have some big news for you what
we're about to do today we accept -
hurry up Brian I haven't started editing
my video you haven't started getting
ready I haven't started getting ready or
editing my video oh my God he's so
annoying Bosley bring you mean bring me
what you mean it's a high-speed chase in
route going southbound on Las about to
sell a dress okay guys so this is pretty
much why I'm making this clip right now
I'm pretty much explaining I'm
apologizing and explaining this is gonna
be it does about fucking range over
pretty much explaining why this video is
gonna be I don't want to say extremely
short but compared to my other videos I
just don't have time to make one but I
want to answer a question Brian you
might know the answer to this question
so well know first of all let's tell
them where we're going you could take it
going to a Thai Lopez influencer party
in Beverly Hills Everly Hills
I'm so excited I've never been to one of
these I've never been to influence or I
turned this different lighting the only
party I've been to is you know the
fucking swing parties in high school and
everybody's blacked out on the fucking
couch before throwing up in the bathroom
this ought to be fun yeah it's down in
Beverly Hills it's about two
two-and-a-half hours away so we need to
leave like people are gonna be there
like I heard Fetty WAP was gonna be
Beyonce might be there yeah I know like
a lot of like big Viners like hayes
grier nash grier
I know rice comes gonna be there it's
gonna be so yeah guys we're leaving that
that's pretty much why I have to make a
really short video today it's like a day
party it's like a pool party yeah it's
like 1:37 a dirty and boozy to my shop
did you see yes if you were coming to I
know how all right yeah so guys this is
our first brand you've been to like the
model one but we've never been to an
influencer is gonna be there's our first
party together so we have to get ready
and leave pretty soon find Sam well wear
a fucking plain white t-shirt you know
not this I'm wearing a plain like those
but yeah guys so that's pretty much
explaining why this video is it's not
extremely short based off YouTube
standards but for my videos you know I
make really long video so this was gonna
be pretty short but Brian what this
video is gonna be about thoughts of fans
what they people like I've been getting
a lot of comments recently because you
know how Jackie's my girlfriend a lawyer
she always at the house I don't know so
I've been getting a lot of comments like
bro take her out no no that too but bro
are you banned from Jackie's home like
why don't you ever vlog at her house
like do her parent's hain't you do you
not have you never met her family we
want to know the answer okay well me and
Jackie got the full answer on camera
after this clip but let me just explain
it really quick
I've actually cuz Jackie's always at my
house and I'm always walking people
start the question oh why do you now go
to her house you know are you like
fucking not allowed no they think her
parents hatred no they define our just
texting your mom last night who I'm just
joking but no I was really not anything
bad but no listen so I go to her house
frequently I'm at her house often
obviously not as much as she's here
because I work from home I guess you
could say well work from home and the
gym and school and everything I don't
feel comfortable what going to listen
it's not Jackie's home it's her parent
it's her mom and her mom's boyfriend
home I don't want to walk up in there
with a camera Hey
everybody ball boss you do when they're
not there no but okay Brian don't know
but my poison Jackie are gonna explain
it better but people have this crazy
assumption how either I'm banned from my
own girlfriend's home or I've never been
there cuz I'm scared to meet my parents
or whatever I've met her parents a
million times I'm cool with their mom
I'm cool they're her mom's boyfriend I
just don't I don't want to walk up into
someone's home if they're not especially
with people fucking finding out
addresses I'm not gonna have especially
cuz people find out the address you know
this video it's also gonna include some
footage yeah you're good go bitch
okay guys alright so yeah this video is
also gonna include some footage of my
first day back at school which was a
couple days ago but that's when I was
back at Jackie's house so yeah people
you guys make these crazy assumptions
that like I've never been to a home or
whatever but just watch this video guys
and I cannot wait for the party I'm bout
to book a hotel because we're gonna stay
the night somewhere around there in
Beverly Hills area I don't even wanna
break the bank I don't even want to look
at how much fucking money the hotels in
that area are but I could already see I
feel my heart and wallet crying guys so
reporting live from Jackie's house we
start school tomorrow in like in like 12
know in 14 hours we're gonna be in class
and what do you do even though it's
college they still make you do this you
kind of introduce yourself yeah UF's I
gonna do self and tell them a hobby wait
first of all do you have any school
supplies no I just
we have to get no but I'll just pay for
parking the first couple of days before
I buy one okay so the professor asks me
please stand up introduce yourself what
do you like to do hi I'm Brandon Nevada
stand I love I love basketball
I love the Phoenix Suns and that's it
thank you okay now Jackie is threatening
me she says that I can't expose her or
else she's gonna break up with me okay
so let's pretend I'm the professor okay
ma'am you and I love to hike no you
don't know you can't say that she says
that she's gonna lie she said that she's
gonna lie says that she likes to
exercise and hike when she's literally
never know I'm gonna call you out I'm
gonna say she said if I put this in the
vlog I can't expose her
okay then I'll accidentally play the
vlog in class no this part I'll play
this part in class she said I can't
expose her because for every class she's
been in that's been her hi my name is
Jackie I'll include addiction I never
exercise I love to sleep you don't have
to say all that I just say I love food
and I never go to the gym that's it
or say I love my boyfriend god forbid
you say that I'm gonna stand above doing
this okay guys wait can we put can we
put an end to this theory that my fans
have that I'm either like bad from your
house or that your pants don't let me
come over so people think they have this
theory that like either your mom or your
mom's boyfriend hates me
when in reality she yeah we I text your
mom like intercept I was super close
he's a Bulls fan by the way so I don't
really get along with him but no I'm
just joking
the reason first of all I used to come
here much more often but I'm just way
too busy so Jackie's always at my house
but I still come here and when I'm here
it is I'm not banned or anything and if
people say oh well why have you never
vlog there I just don't feel comfortable
walking into someone else's house
because Jackie doesn't care but it's not
her house it's just I don't feel
comfortable walking into someone else's
house and recording my parents don't
mind by don't know how other people feel
about it so that's why no I'm not bad
not bad
sabatello parents love the fact that you
lost YouTube and everything but I think
they're more private so but if you
shadow jpgs mom
her boyfriend Scotty look I even drink
from the glasses you know people always
ask ah t the guy you're cheating on
brainy with who knows whoa it's your
mom's boyfriend okay let's watch baby
eat this oh wait did he ever tell him
the story no but the first time the
first time I ever came to this house
first time I ever came to this house
what's crisper mom freaking made me eat
a jalapeno the first time a hot one and
that was the first time like I was home
I do my lab my lab which was a fat one
no I do it right you and your I'm the
smart you taste like sauce did you hear
the one who ate all the sauce not me
Pizza guys look she got me pizza and now
she's complaining that I taste like
sauce when she's the one who told me
thank you ah you are oily your whole
life okay I'm on another slice
guys look at the time 8:30 ask me what
my first of all if you guys thought I
was gonna be wearing anything different
that I'm sorry but you don't know me
look
Nike sucks basketball shorts and a white
t-shirt first day of school if you
thought any different then I'm sorry but
you do not know who I am
so I got the outfit ready but look my
first class is at 9:30 literally in one
hour I'm gonna be sitting in class like
ready just found my backpack okay just
found it right now what's in it nothing
I have no fucking supplies I'll have
time to buy supplies right now so we're
gonna grab a pen no I need a black one
just in case some college professors
have pulls up their asses they need
specific colors okay we got a black one
no book I don't care for tubes honestly
don't even care if you just use paper
but guys what's my model do today do
today and that's exactly what I'm doing
look okay honestly I'm just get oh shit
every purple notebook for the sons now
we're ready for school guys I need to go
parking in college is so hard to find
like you literally need to go like a
whole hour before your class starts even
though my college is like five minutes
away it sucks
hey you gordito do you like my outfit
for school
wish me luck at school gordito burrito
for good karma on my first day of school
I need to give money to this homeless
man uh-huh you're welcome
no I just washed my car last night and I
fucking rolled the window down and now
all the water dammit
everybody knows when you wash your car
you're not supposed to roll down the
windows until it's fully dry but yeah I
gave some money where are we we're not
gonna be late guys we stopped by to
check out the view a little
this is where like Iran where Jackie
lives is the view nice and she's already
making fun of me she picked up my
backpack she said what is in here it's
my school stuff how why is it okay you
act like you have fucking textbooks and
everything okay well we're gonna be late
babe I just need you to relax okay guys
this next little clip is for honestly
one of my biggest fans Aiden I have not
met you yet but you met my girlfriend at
the fair she told me you were super
super nice this is for it's his birthday
so happy birthday Aidan I got him on
snapchat I sent him a little surprise
birthday snapchat but i'ma put it in the
vlog is for Aidan and his friend
marcelina this for you guys thank you
for watching my videos thank you for
watching thank you for watching my
videos first day of school and she's
making me hold her hand guys this is the
college I go to for your pregnancy test
they just go get it really quick
4:11 IO finally done Eddie
guys I got out of school at 11 my class
ended out like 1110 I've been editing
for five hours straight non-stop no food
no fucking red snow nothing straight
from six gigs is gonna take so long turn
it straight from school straight home
straight to editing if this is how my
days after school are gonna be that's
gonna be hectic as hell okay go back in
my room go go back in my room no no guys
look how funny this shit is me I wish I
was recording earlier hopefully he does
it again me trying to give Bosley a
piece of chicken while telling him a
story okay Bob they drink your water and
I'll give you another piece of chicken
come on it's so funny
okay Bosley we're in a drought Jesus
okay go back in my room we're gonna get
more chicken go now go back okay
first of all there's only time it comes
in my room okay look Bosley so you set
up the camera guys it's so fucking funny
okay no no no okay we're gonna get some
chicken you want some okay so here's the
piece of chicken hey Haley okay Bosley
Hey yes so um hold on buddy let me turn
this way yeah and me and Jackie we went
to Disneyland and why don't you hold on
Bosley wait sit yeah we went to
Disneyland and you didn't even come I
wanted
yeah and wha-la had days and then I told
my mom mom send me a video Bosley and
she sent me a video she said Bosley is
Britt hey hey listen Bosley Bosley
listen to the story listen to the story
sit yeah and there's still the son's
play on October 26 that's your first
game on October 26 are you gonna watch
the kiss ouch
yeah are you gonna watch the tongue game
with me they're gonna go oh he shoots he
scores
yeah okay okay okay wait I'm not done
with my stories yeah and in Disneyland I
didn't go on any of those scare rides
you go on scary rides no but Jackie she
tried to make me go on spirit ugly guys
look when there's chicken on the table
Bosley doesn't even care if I put him in
the garage I'm gonna put you in the
garage Bosley I'm gonna put you in the
garage look he just he stays in the room
watch he'll run but he'll stay in the
room Bosley you're going in the garage
that's it in the garage see ya he
doesn't care cuz there's chicken no I'm
gonna put you in the garage see he stays
in the room Bosley you're so fat I gave
you five pieces Bosley No okay let me
see your stomach if it doesn't touch the
floor I'll give you another piece let me
see Oh father your belly is literally
touching the floor
anymore I don't really like playing
outside by myself but they're done
playing at at the gym and I had to play
I miss playing basketball too much it's
been four days if I didn't play today
that have been four days guys I still
remember I was 12 years old when I was
watching this game and the sun's lost
and I started crying and my mom got mad
at me because I had school the next day
so she didn't want me to cry at night
guys fuck this playoff series 2008 first
round Suns vs. firs I still remembers
the Suns lost 4 to 1 Spurs won four
games that's a frickin charge obviously
so I get depressed watching this because
I so remember I was I was 12 or 13 years
old and I was still in middle school and
I remember when the Suns lost in this
series I started crying I was right here
on my bed crying it's a toss sitting
crisscross applesauce and my mom came in
my room each other so crying is just a
game and I said mom's dog like that and
she was yelling at me for crying after
the son lost
I was literally crying myself to sleep a
I read his lips he said bullshit ask all
its crying myself to sleep after the son
glosses literally ever since I was like
12 years old this is when the sons had
Amari Steve Nash Mike D'Antoni was the
coach DL Raja Bell and even Shaq was on
the team so many goats on the team
especially Steve Nash in Amar's autumn
are two goats can you feed me more
mmm go Steve guys I love Steve Nash I
swear look that's when it from when I
met him the sign jersey Stottlemeyer -
Nash Nash up the top of the key the
pick-and-roll oh we didn't pass - DL DL
jumper oh my DL what the hell was so
skinny I swear before oh my god he
gained so much weight
guys I love Sodom I love Steve Nash I
love Raja Bell I love boards - I love my
identity
I love Barbosa I love draw gage I love
them all Steve Nash the greatest point
guard of all time Stoudemire is the
greatest power forward of all time Roger
bells the best defender of all time Dan
Tony's the best head coach of all time
Barbosa is the best six mana and Devin
Booker is the best-looking NBA player of
all time you heard me I have many things
to say first of all is Mike D'Antoni
fucking fake from George Lopez second
watching this makes me like the Steve
Nash - Amar'e Stoudemire pick-and-roll
duel was so fucking deadly like watching
this makes me miss it so much every
single play all you hear is gnashed -
Amar'e national Amar'e the defenders
knew was coming
pick and roll pick and pop but there is
nothing they could do to stop it
it was so deadly by the Suns and the
third thing I was gonna say I'll just
keep it short and simple Steve Nash one
of the most underrated shooters in NBA
history the dude is one of the best
shooters in NBA history and no one
recognizes it he could shoot the ball
super underrated shooter Steve Nash so
many 50 so many 50-40-90 seasons 50%
from the field 40% from 3 and 90% free
throws and now typical Suns time they
lead the whole entire game the whole
fourth quarter and then they fucking
blow at the end same shit from eight
nine years ago till today I'm super
pissed and I already know what the fuck
is gonna happen I watched this game
eight years ago and I already know
gonna happen now I'm still getting
pissed by one minute left
their ball the blur Barbosa to the rim
oh my god Suns are up after youth one
minute left
holy shit Ginobli had a full head of
hair shit so weird to look at it's like
I'm dreaming Suns are up by 3 with a
minute left Duncan on Shaq OH Shaq with
the hands Oh what what he lost it
fucking turn it over at that point of
the game with 20 seconds left when
you're up by 3 you turn it over of all
things
motherfucker michael finley fucking
hates up 3 to tie the game look at this
lady shot up good fuck you guys look I'm
watching this throwback game how awkward
awkward oh shit Ibaka and Durant and
Reggie Jackson it's kind of awkward
don't you think
yo Durant loyalty oh oh oh
Durant for three oh no wonder he left
fuzzy
how about tonight you don't scratch out
my door and make me feel like I'm
fucking forcing you and trapping you to
be in here how about you just lay down
and hey what are you doing and just go
to sleep okay my I have a terrible
problem I was in bed I've been in bed
since 11:00 p.m. 11:00 I was in bed
trying to go to sleep now look at the
time 2:30 and I'm still awake
ever since 11 I was in bed trying to
sleep and now it's almost 3:00 a.m. it's
been almost four hours
I'm so not asleep so now I'm gonna start
editing I was planning on editing
tomorrow morning when I woke up but hey
guess what I can't go to sleep and it
pretty much is tomorrow morning now so I
guess I'm gonna just start editing now
guys this is ridiculous I for some
reason I just can now fall asleep is
crazy Oh Matt boner
good three-point shooter you guys know
Matt Boehner right there I don't know if
you saw guys you know what I need I need
a 24-hour gym membership for times like
this
yeah Bosley I'm it's called the vlog
after talk I have to talk to my cameras
I'm not being weird you're weirder than
me first of all pinche but yeah guys I
wish I had a 24-hour gym membership cuz
the gym I go to is only open till 11:00
and sometimes I get bored sometimes I'm
here at home and I can't fall asleep I
swear to you I'd be at the gym right now
if I had a 24 hour gym membership I'd be
there right now
I can't get a 24 hour membership you
want to know why because if I had a 24
hour gym membership I swear to you I
would literally never sleep like I would
never go to sleep you guys know like how
I stay up all the time and I try to
force myself to sleep if I had a 24-hour
gym membership I swear to you every
single night I would just be there so
for the sake of my own good I don't
think I'm gonna be getting a 24-hour gym
membership but God sometimes I swear I
wish I had one four times like this I
would be there it sounds so good you
know going to the gym to 2:30 in the
morning just shooting around playing
basketball maybe lifting some weights
guys but yeah I'm gonna start editing
I'm gonna try to go to sleep again
pretty soon cuz it's ridiculous I've
been tired since 11 p.m. and my body
just won't shut down it won't let me
fall asleep I think it's all mental
honestly it's all in my head so yeah
guys I like I always tweet at times like
this I'm like oh I wish I had a 24-hour
gym membership I'd be there right now
blah blah blah you know my gym closes
too early if I had a 24-hour gym
membership I can go at this time and
this time and then people ask me well
why the fuck don't you go get one and my
simple answer is literally if I had a
24-hour gym membership my sleep would be
non-existent I think for the sake of my
own good I'll stick to the gym that
closes at 11 p.m.
cuz then there's a reason for me not to
go this late at night but trust me I've
thought about it and and I'm actually
really really tempted to get a 24-hour
gym membership
