I got this okay look at my shirt
literally guys if you can't tell we just
were lying dead we just played a 1v1 on
Brian's channel so this is our second
game back-to-back TNT double-header ESPN
or now right now it's been an ABC Sunday
morning doubleheader on Christmas Day
Sunday morning doubleheader on Christmas
Day fucking it was actually postgame so
that went on for a long time we're both
tired we're about to record on for my
channel if you missed right there's a
steak on bronze video so we're gonna
have a sick on my video bunch we do the
same exact steak let's do it magic
okay Tommy anything so hard okay hold on
come back this is an intro here so the
steak is you know our little pussy my
dad's right there dad say hi okay you
know our little our little Kade shit
where we say oh we have to bite into rye
and we bite in there we spit it out go
by their face face upwards face upwards
no spitting it out well go right look up
with look up see this pussy shit where
it literally just touches your lips and
then you spit it out that's weak this
time well when we say we have to wait
this fighting is so good
Sam sweeter man but she said she'll need
a man
see when we make an agreement and we can
just wow this time when we say we have
to bite into a raw egg we have to
literally like cracked like with our
mouth back crack the egg and like try to
fucking swallow it like you know like
that how oh my yeah like right like that
and then go yeah and then after comes
those like the Friday nights downtown
okay but hey you just hit my car okay we
got cheerleader here Boswell Boswell say
what's up garden say what's up to the
vlog or the video okay Brian let's go
put on the sand oh wait hold on I have
to come out with my excuses
so my excuse just in case I lose already
huh I already have the excuses ready my
excuse is that I already went to the gym
earlier today to lift for like an hour
and then I went friends that's rude you
keep dribbling while I'm talking then I
went back to the gym for lunchtime
basketball I played for like two or
three hours so I've already been at the
gym for like three or four hours today
what's your Excuse I don't play
basketball in week
and in place five minutes ago yeah okay
well okay so we both have excuses I
think my excuse is a little better but
we're going to be playing up to 11 ones
and twos in case you don't know ones
inside the arc twos
right here behind the three-point line
this good MBA distance right here I'm
just joking it's not actually but we
were kids when we do this okay we're
going to be using Brian's cameras and so
let's get this set up are you ready to
eat the raw egg oh yeah guys and just to
UM repeat before it all up before today
all of the videos on Brian's channel or
my channel doing a 1v1 in basketball
brian has never ever beat me in a
basketball 1v1 he's never beat me on
camera maybe when we were like two years
old you beat me like I was two and you
were like one and you beat me haha but
he's never been in a 1v1 on camera so
this might be his shine hope ones and
two is up to 11
loser heats a raw egg down the throat
like noon so Dan Gus I know and we're
gonna start this video wait did I
already make my excuses clear okay guys
so just in case I lose you have the
excuses right there huh hold on hold on
make sure to show the house address from
the camera angle okay Brian let's do
that intro just really please okay guys
I'm here with my brother obviously the
one and only infamous Ezra BAE's rug
Hebrew for wadays
like I said I'll need to repeat myself
ones and twos up to 11 we just finished
playing I was at the gym earlier today
right I'm beat guys look but you're
helping
look I'm not eat fast food I just had a
burrito for the fucking hot r59 yeah
only 511 I wish my opinion I'm five six
or five seven say you're like five six
and three-quarters okay lean on bro
we're literally opposite black shirt
white shorts white shirt black shorts
and I'm gonna shoot football right now
oh wait wait we got the sugar fucking
Finnegan damn fucking as autonomous okay
guys I'm shooting football right now
wait Bryan's ball god I'm just so tired
shut up okay no no excuses I don't care
I'm winning this game you are yeah that
works we do it alright
the signs yeah that's so cheap but those
are my intentions whoo just a warning
it's not really any defense played with
the tool yeah I just don't like the more
swings we don't fuckin cave
oh my god
I
i D
my god white chocolate
ah okay hold up let's rewind back to
that possession who the fuck I think I
was fucking Kevin Durant with some
DeAndre Jordan fucking wingspan I took
off from the opposite three-point line
try to go with a little James Harden
spin under the basket with my fucking I
literally have the arms of bro bodies
fucking 5 foot 9 I took off like I was
seven foot two with a fucking 8 foot
wingspan Rudy Gobert fucking under the
hoop
big five
hey hey okay
I'm back to defend myself about that
technical foul hell yeah I was pissed
this is like the second or third time
that fucking skinny bones Jones rug is
fucking getting some offensive rebound
like he's andre drummond DeAndre Jordan
fucking missing his own shots and
grabbing his own boards and putting him
back up like he's fucking seven foot
four trying to tell me I was Kevin
Durant or he wants to act like he's
fucking andre drummond that's worse
he's fucking oh my god he'll yells
pissed grabbing his own boards on his
own miss shots and going back up and
scoring like he's fucking a fucking
Center in the NBA
what right has a nerve to post me down
the blog
I'm done
last time you
there he goes again the fucking
cockroach and it's fucking good grabbing
all the offensive boards like obviously
I'm gonna be pissed you think I'm trying
to swallow there's a raw egg guys steak
you think I'm trying to do that shit no
at this point I'm pissed
ah I'm scared shitless it's 10-8 he
needs one more shot to win whether it's
a layup a two a three a fucking
mid-range one point and he went and what
does that mean
I fucking swallow a raw egg I'm scared
at this point I'm not much of a defender
I don't feel I'm not good ID its met you
know what Undertaker had the undefeated
WrestleMania streak
I was never lost to Bryan on camera MA
but at least Undertaker they have to eat
a raw raw egg he just loses his record I
would have to lose my record any to ride
so at this point I'm just fucking I'm
like okay lock up you know Derek Fisher
rises up to shorts and plays D I need a
fucking play defense right now I know
I'm not much of a defender but my heart
was
I can't shoot Renda all my shots a
little debate guys I'm lucky I'm wearing
boxer briefs come on Brian shot that
with my ballsack ha ha ha you also
scared 10 to 8 barns up if I choke this
shit oh my god ok it's good it's good
fuck I'll do a nice little steel hey
there's an ant on my phone I see it any
architects
one shot
Oh
you
Oh
hi
it's my birthday I get high if I want to
can tonight
now the fella - and I didn't call it
without the Marcus page in the
haha that Brian when I made my song
rising Araya excellent no oh wait no
Brian only lost by one so once again
Brian I'm fuckin tired of shit the curse
is on Brian I've never be the one I know
every fuck know my last shot was okay no
I'm not gonna taste luck I'm gonna give
myself some prompts but I played like
shit I did to my shooting was so off
today but now now craig sager here and
I'm here with Brian Wallace English goes
dude no he wears whatever
first of all hope he gets better soon
second why do you fucking suck
you know it all started when car car
it's Maddy okay cuz I'll answer that
question because I took two I used to be
a to shoot the Middle Eastern jeans not
really because the whole new city good
oh yeah Boswell pawsley pawsley what
were you doing here why weren't you
watching you wanna watch Brian drink a
raw egg Brian do you want it like with
salt pepper just by itself I can make
you a gourmet I can make you a raw egg
Benedict you ready I'm fucking right
okay guys so swallow yeah but it's all
oh no not that would you do the part
yeah okay so he has to literally like
swallowing well like that okay
raw egg no condom
okay all right let me just crack it on
your forehead please walk because that's
when you're cracking then down to the
mouth okay guys we need to crack the egg
first Hey
to crack the egg first hey wait go up
swallow Brian oh my god no way did you
see that what do I do on YouTube
why do I do this traffic crazy oh my god
I went down I know it wet it literally
was like a hop step like oh wait I want
to see someone trying it's like if
anyone is a you need to try one more
time like just let just go like oh do it
with your mouth closed and there's no
way can bounce back out Brandon yeah
it's like y'all really went download it
learn when you call those things with
the ball connected to the like paddle
that's how it's gonna be in your mouth
trying to hop out with your mouth closed
so I'm - let me do another okay there's
the last one if it goes down it goes
down if it doesn't go dad like I'm G
crying I'm literally trying I did ready
just oh we just get spit back oh my god
there's a ton of yolk on the floor then
I know just crack it all down on my hair
it's either you try to solve this one or
link that off the ground all yeah like
are you done me da no I'll crack on the
table oh I'll crack it on my head really
yeah you have
Oh actually a party but I'll probably
from a long time with us they do not
open your mouth okay hold on hold on
okay now close your mouth and swallow oh
wait the trench in the literally ready
oh wait I try oh my oh my son how much I
actually her any more comments listen
please just like try on your own in
there no don't try it when they go too
hot so they're gonna fucking put this
video to the doctor
guys look at this three huevos on the
pond mom your mom you don't want to see
the floor me and Brian are obviously
gonna clean it it's not gonna happen
what mom it's just a bit like a little
bit of egg on the floor yeah of course
we're gonna clean it good mind
altro before my mom and dad come oh no
my dad's already here oh I know oh hey
we're just gonna let it cook Annie's got
a wool sock coming at me never work no
matter who try I got a mother check with
that we have that we're gonna wait till
tomorrow when the Sun comes up and see
how long it takes for the eggs to cook
yeah we try to like actually swallow too
anything cracker you on a trip okay dad
okay okay one like you know how we bite
into a for the challenge off this one we
have to swallow it like crack in and
guess why close your mouth and go oh you
would say it doesn't it doesn't go down
okay here come here no I'm gonna
distract it and behind you open your
mouth cuz it tries to come out by itself
close your mouth ready open your mouth
and close to the camera oh oh oh you
didn't even try you didn't even try
oh my god that is impossible
tell you guys even my guys giving my dad
the one who could do anything anything
little man of the house that it's got to
do for time okay more time bye dad hey I
want to do one let's try it yeah okay
dad can I try or is out wasting your
Sunday morning eggs okay we'll see
dad you didn't even swallow of our
channels listen this is voluntarily cuz
I'm a nice look at the floor I don't
know which camera to look at but I'm
gonna try to swallow and this is
voluntary so if I don't looking I don't
know it my stomach actually hurts
well just try it Oh try it what is in
the tub try salami
look I know I can't right yes let me get
one flowing I don't read it it's so nice
oh hey I actually did a little joke I
supposed to go over it it's so good whoa
oh my I should do a little joke I
supposed to go over it I missed that
part
your buddy's so dumb you literally tried
pretending to slip on any actions but
it's flippin wait can I slip on it
oh yeah just spread it around the world
kitchen okay hold on Wow mopping the
floor with an egg hey I need to clean it
wait can I ever wear these shoes in my
teachers I'm saying cheese in the team
is just okay guys dad please cut oh man
there that Soul Festival oh my god did
you end the video no he got me oh my god
you're gonna get cut we know this is a
disaster
why would I why would I do I want cut
please
