got this alright guys so look at the
time sun's just coming up right now
well not the sun's they're not coming up
cuz they were asked last year but I'm
talking about the real Sun is just
coming up and let me tell you what the
deal is the last night I slept around
like 2 2 in the morning 2 a.m. and I set
my alarm for 5:30 because I needed to
edit this video is really long and I
plan on going to the gym at 11:00 so I
was like you know I'll wake up 5:30 6
o'clock and I'll edit and then go to the
gym at 11:00 well I woke up at like 5:45
5:30 and you know I said I woke up and I
was like fuck this I'm going back to bed
I was way too tired and so I'm about to
go back to bed
and I told myself I say you know what
you know how I got here you know how I
got in the position to be where I'm at
today because the grind don't stop
so we're going to edit right now get to
work
figure if I start right now I'll be done
in a couple hours
yeah I literally like I woke up with my
lawn 530 I was like yeah I said it's
time to edit but honestly fuck I'm gonna
go back to sleep and I'll just edit when
I wake up I won't go to the gym today
then it hit me I was like first of all
not skipping basketball and to grind
down south I need to edit my plans for
my kind of hectic honestly I need to
edit this video then at 11:00 a.m. I'm
gonna head to the gym stay play some
basketball for like two three hours then
after that I got a haircut appointment
four o'clock so I gotta get my haircut
then I'll around 6:00 6:30 me and my
girl are leaving to Disneyland remember
that was a big part of her birthday gift
so we're leaving to Disneyland
tonight we're not gonna go to the theme
park tonight tonight we're just gonna
spend our night in the hotel and then
Saturday and Sunday we're going to be at
the parks but my point being I haven't
even packed like my my luggage my
suitcase isn't even here it's not even
out yet so I got a gym edit
haircut and pack all before like 6:00 or
6:30 so I always be waiting seven shit
to the last second and here's another
example yeah I was gonna double up today
but honestly there's no way I don't have
any time I'm pretty much not having
sleep that's the thing I choose to cut
out of my wife it's not healthy but I
don't want to stop daily uploading I
love basketball too much I don't want to
stop that I love Jackie not as much as I
love basketball but I still love her so
I'm not gonna break up with her just to
get some more sleep and I don't want to
drop out of school yet
so Jackie hates when I sleep this little
she says that she notices it she knows
my back's getting worse she notices like
that I get sick really easy she notices
that I'm just not healthy and she hates
that I Drive a lot like to the gym and
all that and she fucking woke up and saw
my tweets that I was awake editing and
she fucking started texting me like
fucking went off on me over text when a
girl leaves one of these at your house
you're constantly reminded that she has
all the control in this relationship so
you know I'm editing and I saw this and
I said babe you know what you're right
I'm going back to sleep so I need to go
back to sleep okay guys 11:09 still
editing this video shaping out to be
such a long video if you can't tell I
think I'm gonna be headed to the gym
because usually I leave my house around
11:00 but videos taking way too long but
that might be a blessing in disguise
because I still haven't started packing
I don't even know where my suitcase is
so still haven't started packing and
we're gone for Friday Saturday and
Sunday so I need to pack a lot of things
three nights we're not coming back to
Monday and also I still got a haircut
appointment so honestly if I went to the
gym it would probably made everything
lag so it's probably a blessing in
disguise my heart I wanted to go to the
gym so bad but I don't care have a
haircut so I'm happy my haircut
deployment is at 4 p.m. how much you
want to bet that I'm not gonna start
packing till like 5:30 I swear that's
just what always happens like that okay
guys so remember about I don't know
seven eight minutes ago when I said no
Jim
well now seven eight minutes later the
editing can wait guys I've but I gotta
go to gym I have to I have to do I can't
I just can't bear the fact that I'm
sitting here editing while all my
friends and all
I know gym partners are at the gym
playing ball like I just can't do that
so I'm a lace-up of shoes wherever they
are and I'm gonna go play some ball for
just a couple hours and then guys this
is why I'm an idiot and this is why I'm
gonna be fucking late and backed up
later today because of this reason and I
just couldn't do it I could not do it I
can't accept the fact that everybody's
out playing basketball while I'm at home
I can't do that I need to go and fucking
love basketball this this is where
basketball is right here in my heart
guys let's ask rug how dumb enough i how
how dumb of an idea it is let me just
tell my video before edit and now in two
minutes and I'm going to the gym hey got
mad guys I haven't even 8:00 yet oh well
on my way to the gym see this smile only
the gym could put a smile like that on
my face he wants it for the snap that's
where he wants it watch
Oh got it on board that's fine that's a
technical foul right there that's T
duckies gonna dunk it oh my god where's
the dog again J shoot that fucking ball
Oh guys check the time almost 5:45 what
time did I say we're gonna leave like oh
no 6:00 6:30 now take a look at my
suitcase BAM
fucking empty okay hold on let me sit
down and explain this wicked way first
look my videos still not done my videos
still uploading yes you see it correctly
almost 6:00 p.m. I'm still working on my
video that's what happens when I upload
a fucking 55 million log 5 5 55 minutes
I came to sit down I'm too like nervous
right now in such a rush so let me tell
you so I end up going to the gym i Wang
got my haircut still working on my video
almost done and you figure oh so just
start packing right wrong I don't even
have everything I need to go on vacation
so I'm about to go to CVS right now my
girls been ready since I don't know
11:00 11:30 I am no I need to go to CVS
I need to pick up shampoo body wash
toothpick - I need to pick up a bunch of
shit for the trick um I still need to
pick a title thumb now I'm gonna do that
when I get back
freakin PAC obviously it was a mistake
going to the gym my fucking Jackie told
me not to go to gym I didn't listen and
see what happens and this just seems all
too familiar waiting to the last second
so I'm gonna try to still leave by 6:30
but honestly I don't know if that's
gonna happen but at least I look fresh
look just look at this got the part
got at least I think I look fresh well
not fresh but usually I'm like a zero
out of ten but after I hear God I give
myself like a 2 out of 10 so anyways
enough chitchat
I need to go to CVS come back pack and
then still finish the last parts of my
video last parts just taking a title on
thumbnail that doesn't take long at all
but well I've been editing since the
early morning and it's almost 6 p.m. I'm
so not done for anyone who doubts my
work ethic for anyone whose shit talks
my work ethic there you go
the reason I'm packing Soleil and doing
the Soleil is not because I want to boys
I wasn't jacking off for six hours I was
actually fucking editing and now pretty
much screwed and I'm gonna be late at
least we were planning on going to
Disneyland today it's almost going to be
it's a less playtime in the hotel for me
since I'm late I'm doing the car
something until it's not less busy time
it's less playtime in the hotel tonight
honestly for me so it's my loss it's
actually worse than Disneyland time loss
guys I'm about to go back home pick
title thumbnail pack all my shit hit the
road you know I haven't ate a single
thing all day I haven't ate all day I'm
fucking starving like my some exactly oh
it's so bad I need to eat something
I hate last minute plans I swear man I'm
so debating on a title thumbnail and
look at the time it's almost 6:30 look
inside the bag nothing I am stressed as
hell let's go you want to come to
Disneyland let's go come here
Kellogg edge Bosley hasn't even packed
from here yeah yeah and the hotel is
right next to it so like an hour and a
half
not bad when my driving I'll get there
in like 30 minutes this and my luggage
be gone for three nights so I had a lot
of things to bring
I'm pumping some gas before I go pick
Jackie O because I'm gonna need it
almost a two-hour drive and I'm also
gonna pick up an energy drink I don't
usually drink energy drinks but honestly
you guys saw what time I woke up this
morning you saw how late I slept last
night and I kinda need it
I'm not depend on energy drinks but
honestly I might need one for the trip
tonight for the road trip because like I
said I don't like energy drinks look
even though when I go I don't know if
you could see but it's a zero sugar zero
calories not that it makes it any better
but I just hate drinking them I feel
like they're so bad for you like you
think soda is bad for you bad for you so
I try to avoid drinking them but I'm
sorry to say it I actually need one
tonight at least I was on a deal was
only two dollars so I got it for cheap
fuck
it's just me sysex oh good I should
never fall
ah just me
negatively
a strainer issue this morning money
Thomas Kabir
the police
literally almost finished the whole
monster and I still feel like I'm gonna
crash that's what happens when you don't
get any sleep and the way it was only
supposed to be like an hour and a half
well we were backed up in that I don't
know what I showed you guys it looked
like a check or something but there was
nothing at the end of it so first of all
we got a DUI for drinking for drinking
and driving an energy drink but yeah we
got backed up into that for like almost
30 minutes so now the weighs like two
hours
two hours in total not two hours left we
were actually supposed to get to the
hotel like 8:00 or 8:30 right now it's
like 10:30 p.m. and we're still on the
way and then we got like 30 minutes left
and after sub by CBS again because when
I went to the one that I can see the a
go and I have everything I needed so
this is why you don't save everything to
the last minute and also I need to add a
little video when I get to the hotel cuz
you like the music montage I feel pretty
bad balls driving I'm too tired to talk
during this drive so I figured I'll just
play you guys some of my music and show
you the road
and you guys will be content with that
sometimes even I got in one of my own
voice so I figured you guys would annoy
them into so the way to the hotel is
really to play some music for you guys
like of this video see the sad song and
the empty road
guys for example of how I hate slow
drivers look car in front of me and I
even going 65 on the freeway and then
there's cars in the fast lane who don't
even go 100 now I'm just joking I don't
expect to go 100 in the fast lane but a
dead serious there's cars in the fast
lane or driving like 70 75 don't you
know you guys belong in the right lane I
just can't stand slow drivers like
honestly you drive the speed limit
that's bad enough but there are people
who legit drive driving under the speed
limit when there are no cars in front of
them are there people in the fast lane
going like 70 75
I can't I can't deal with slow drivers I
swear maybe I'm a crazy bad driver but I
slammed on everybody else I don't know
that's probably yeah I'm actually the
bad driver but still we could blame
other people too
Oh
I apologize because I know a lot of my
sons actually don't drive so you guys
are probably like oh why is he getting
so mad because of slow drivers so let me
just explain it to you honestly
you won't know the feeling until you
drive before all my selves all the
people watching this that do Drive you
guys know how frustrating it is driving
behind a super slow driver especially
when you're already hours behind
schedule we are honestly that it's the
most frustrating chamber and you all
understand until you start driving
yourself especially when you're already
behind schedule is the worst I still
listen to that they want to say and take
care
guys I think honestly the worst and
driving behind this little driver will
this kind of correlates but is when
you're driving and someone switches
lanes right in front of you and then
they drive slow
that's the worst fucking shit like okay
honestly the more I talk I feel like I
have all the symptoms of a road rage
driver but no really worse okay first of
all this Goran bitch I am driving behind
a slow driver right now look Gaston
sometimes you flip them off depending
how slow they're going I can I can't
even talk honestly I need therapy
because I think I'm a road rage driver
anyways guys let me tell you I actually
just fell into deep depression all the
way like I just happen to get it to go
because
I'm just driving and I'm thinking about
like lunchtime basketball I'm thinking
about playing basketball at the gym and
then I just remembered like like right
now while I'm oh my god as I speak what
Kelly its Twitter God
oh my god
anyways first of all that's a sign but
as I speak it all as I'm driving all I
can think of is playing basketball
that's all I want to do I don't want to
drive I want to sleep at the hotel I
don't want to be listening to music I
just want to play ball and then I
remembered I'm not going to be able to
go play basketball from Friday Saturday
Sunday and Monday for days without
basketball and honestly I just fell into
deep deep depression like I feel like
ballsy right now because I can't play
ball for four days wait am I actually
stupid just a couple clicks ago I went
on around how I can't talk because I'm
too tired and my voice is too annoying
and I've been talking for like five
minutes straight so let me go back to
the oh my god
in the fast lane bitch
drive faster it's not illegal to drive
the fucking speed limit dumbass the
father cop out pull them over for going
too slow guys it actually feels so weird
to be in LA or Anaheim to be driving
down there and harmonics now for
something I honestly don't think I've
ever driven to LA unless it's for a
son's game in LA because every time the
sons play in LA I go to the game goes
against the clippers or Lakers and this
is honestly my first time ever driving
down here when it's not for our sons
Sons me it feels weird but it's that me
offseason I don't even want to say the
words because I'm gonna start crying on
the way there but I'll say that for you
guys
there's no NBA for still two more months
so
yeah sadly I'm not gonna be watching the
sons play God you know what I forgot to
bring from home that I hope they have as
CBS I doubt it but I hope they have
because I want to vlog better at
Disneyland I hope they have a camp
tripod camera holder cuz I will not I
don't want to carry my camera at
Disneyland just log like this the whole
time I'd rather have a stand for it I'm
hoping they have it at CBS I'm not sure
we'll see but that's the main reason I'm
going right now there's a Walgreens
right across the street so if they don't
have it at CVS I could check out
Walgreens but we're pretty much here our
hotel is way our hope wait what the fuck
our hotel is connected to CVS I didn't
know that I just typed in CVS in the
navigation in Google Maps and it turns
out that it's right here in our hotel so
God look Space Mountain is literally
right here and our hotel is like one
block down we could see it from all the
tell actually I think that's space on
and if it's not then you got it
I know but hotels like one block from it
Disney California Adventure is right
there so we can see everything from our
hotel she looks CBS is right here and
it's connected to our hotel that's weird
as hell and what are the odds like
literally all way I'm searching like for
a CVS close to our hotel watch I'll show
you look our hotels right here
CBS entrance I don't know if you could
see but literally right there CBS way I
gotta ask these people say excuse me uh
do we go down for parking yes okay yeah
you can open up the guarantor oh wait
what if we don't have our room key you
have your parking pass ready
no have you guys checked in we're about
to check in right okay just uh back up
in parking what if Oh spots it okay
thank you yeah
okay guys the biggest dumbass on earth
award again goes to me I'm like a I'm
like a 22 times champion about 23 times
now so the award goes to me because
that's - all hotel I wanted to check in
and she was like what's the last name
and I told her my last name and she said
oh we don't have a reservation here so I
showed her my email she said oh you're
not the right hotel that's down farther
down that way so no we don't have a CBS
connected with our hotel actually maybe
we do I don't know we'll see but
I'm going to be using this CBS to check
out there I'm such an idiot the whole
time I was like oh our hotels here and I
found parking fuck it hopefully they
have the camera tripod that I'm looking
for though so we just asked and they
don't have cameras in here but they said
there's a target down the street and
they're open till midnight so I'm about
to go to Target after this but I still
need to buy I don't know I forgot some
stuff that I didn't get from San Diego
CVS hopefully they have it here I need
to check really quick I'm so stupid for
thinking that hotel was ours they have
the same exact name it's not my fault
all right let me check I need face wash
and body wash I forgot to bring that
guys so the plan was to get to the hotel
around 7:30 or 8 o'clock that's all I
was trying to leave out like 6 or 6:30
cuz I need to had a video for tomorrow
but obviously we got here super late and
not only that but there was a whole stop
on the way here that took us like an
extra 30 or 45 minutes so now I have to
have to either edit tonight my video for
tomorrow and I'm gonna be up for hours
or I need to wake up really early
tomorrow like at 5:00 or 6:00 and before
we leave to Disneyland to edit tomorrow
that's all I was trying to get here
early so I could get out of the way I
was trying to get a good night's sleep
because we're gonna be at Disney all day
that should tiring walking all day and I
say walking cuz I'm not going on the
scary ride so I'm not gonna be sitting
down for one but uh I was trying to
enjoy my vacation without editing but
Brian don't start but I'm still debating
to edit when I get to the room tonight
which is not right next door cuz I was
the wrong hotel or to edit tomorrow
morning when I wake up I don't know you
I wasn't even at this hotel it was the
wrong hotel I was yeah okay now on the
way to target to try to find a camera
tripod I hate driving these streets
right now at this time because it's
11:30 so Disney just closed so
everybody's leaving and I've never
driven in these streets before so I
literally like on the way from like
around the Disney area to this CVS I
probably almost ran over like 90 people
that were trying to cross the street
when I was trying to make a right turn
could you imagine if I just went boom
ran over like 90 people like that's just
World War 3 right there I'll be in jail
from I'll be in jail for life so I hate
that after drive to Target I wish they
had a selfie stand here but hopefully
guys know I hope I don't run over if I
run over like two or three people that's
fine because I've never driven driven in
these streets but I'm just not trying to
run over like dozens of people cuz
that's fucked up you know guys look how
many people I almost ran over
imagine I was turning right over there
and I literally ran almost all them over
I even heard people say really really I
said bitch what look how many people
white guys I'm actually a dumbass
because this is the one that I thought
was space Valley it's actually the
Anaheim Convention Center and Disneyland
is actually this way right here so I
don't know if I'm gonna leave that part
in or edit it out right now
but if I see like Disneyland right there
there's a roller coaster but if I do
leave it in please don't make fun of me
blast that no don't even look there
that's Hollywood Tower of Terror why do
they look you just pointed to it but the
trees are covering it guys I'm gonna
start it no look I'll show I be exactly
why I'm not going on it
guys I'm starting up I don't even know I
told you the only reason will come to
Disney ends if you don't try to force me
go on Hollywood Tower of Terror are you
sure that was it yes because look at
it's literally three million it's higher
than a airplane goes cuz it says
Hollywood charm
yeah I've been in NY do you think I'm
never going on again because my ballsack
literally rose up to my heart it was a
scary what is all it is no it's not
roller coaster you go up in the elevator
the doors open first of all that's not
right you can't open the elevator doors
while it's going up and then it drops
guys I'm starting a petition for Disney
to take out Hollywood Tower of Terror
because the ride is too scary fuck down
I'm not gonna yeah that was an time
Convention Center not space 9 but same
shit honestly I don't know I haven't
been to Disneyland in like I'll know
years and years so call me some slack
okay we're about to get to our hotel oh
the person tricked me
target is fucking closed it's not open
so I guess I'll try to stop by um before
we go to Disneyland tomorrow oh shit
what a describe their emergence lights
on
I guess I'll try to stop by tomorrow
before we go to Disneyland as I wanted
to come to the hotel early today so I
could finish editing the video but
obviously that they happen so oh shit oh
shit she almost ran over these people I
know you dumbasses that wasn't even my
fault you're not to go now you bitch
guys don't get me wrong I'll go on the
Nemo ride I'll go on cars I'll go on
fuck you're not scared of getting stuck
under the water and then let's say that
they brakes in it no I'll go on all the
rides May I'll even go on Space Mountain
but I'm not going on Hollywood Tower of
Terror I swear to you we could go on
Splash Mountain I'm telling you I'm not
scared of rides but Hollywood Tower of
Terror is closed I know I'm not scared
at first first of all I'm not scared of
any rides I just know I just don't like
Hollywood time I just don't like all
because Hollywood is is scared of no I'm
not on the airplane no I'm not when
we're on the airplane I don't care okay
that's just yeah but when a Hollywood
tariffed air goes higher than the
fucking airplane that we go in
yeah guys I went on Hollywood Tower of
Terror one time when I was a kid I don't
know I think I was like 11 or 12 years
old yeah I am scared of the elevator
that fucking opens in the middle of
think fuck that - I don't like that I
don't go on my cars and Buzz Lightyear
where you shoot the things but I'm not
going on fucking Hollywood Tower shit
I want to go in frozen right
are they you can I ski
yet if I go ice-skating I'll literally
slip and fall and crack all the ice and
all the kids would fall yeah I actually
did take no that was your job okay
Brandon Knight does practice every
single day with the NBA he still does
not apply basketball so what's your
point guys I'm so sad I have to leave my
basketball in the car I'll see you in
four days actually no I'll see you soon
but I'll use you in four days you could
use me whenever you want basketball
actually his name is Devin Booker look
wait it actually said it on it
okay well it's upside down but Devin
Booker guys you know I actually was
we're at a heart hotel right now we're
about to check in I'll show you inside I
don't even know what our room looks like
yet but you know it's actually oh we
have a fool - there's a sling I was
gonna leave my laptop at home because
like I said it's pretty much a vacay
it's like Jackie's birthday vacation
Jackie's birthday getaway
and I want to be up at night editing I
didn't want to wake up early morning and
have her wake up while I was editing but
then I thought about it and I was like
two days or three days of not uploading
for you guys that can't happen so I
brought my laptop with me if I edit in
early morning I'm gonna try my best not
to wake her up if I edit late at night
I'm gonna try my best to be quiet so
that she could still sleep but yeah I
was trying to get all videos done at
home so I could avoid bringing my laptop
that day at work so I was like should I
just not upload for two or three days
then I came to my senses and I was like
I love you guys I wouldn't do that to
you guys so I had to bring my laptop
with me for this trick this birthday
vacation okay hopefully there's the
right hotel and I'm not checking into
the wrong one I want to play Mickey
Mouse warm D 1 and Oscar ball when I see
him I'm gonna confront him cuz I heard
he was talking shit he said he was
better than me at basketball which is
false fuck you Mickey I know he talked
shit behind my back so the rumor I heard
I'll know if it's
I don't believe everything I hear I
heard that Mickey and Donald Duck we're
talking shit about me saying that they
were better than me at basketball and
goofy
I love goofy ways at the dogs name or
Pluto I'll know fuck the dog's name is
that the one with the super long years
what's the dogs lead so who's Pluto the
other dog what is he from Toy Story oh
no okay you wonder why I was visited
years but I heard goofy was on my side
he was I am talking shit on me Igor is
the guy from winner poo he's the dumb
he's like the Bosley yeah so yeah I'm
team goofy he actually likes me he was
something not to talk shit about me and
so if I see Mickey or Donald ugh I have
to confront them but I heard Mickey was
talking to Moshi citizen better than me
at basketball and he said the Sun suck
Donald Duck was laughing
what's the number okay guys you'll be
seeing the room just as soon as we are
we haven't even seen it wait what the
hell you put your key - turn on the
light okay
oh my coif wait wait is there no bottom
in here I want to take a shower right
now
wait this is Oh what the hell the
bathroom is right in front of the bed
that's kind of wool how much you wanna
bet Jackie's gonna be taking so many
selfies in this mirror I swear to God
okay shower yeah I'm about to take a
shower right now
you're gonna take so many selfies in
this mirror you're gonna take so many
selfies in this mirror oh this is gonna
be my editing desk right here oh and it
has a editing chair I'm gonna edit right
here no this is where you're gonna sleep
oh yeah I'm sleeping on the bed hey wait
where's the TV
oh right here I was like wait wait
what's it this is so weird the bathrooms
right in front of the bed and the TV's
like on the side yeah I know
well guys so I guess we don't have the
view of Space Mountain or should I say
that
oh my gosh
oh the lighting is but I'm asking selfie
myself and this mirrored okay wait
oh man this lighting is actually good
it makes my beard look good but a person
it looks like I'm just a dirty fucking
okay come in the circle come in the
circle where are you taking a picture
hold on yeah she's laughing at me okay
guys so I'm gonna end this video right
here um this is just I guess day 1 of
our trip it wasn't really part of the
trip but I just want to let you guys see
the hotel just as soon as we did I want
to take you guys along with me for the
drive and I also wanted to show you guys
well I didn't want to show you guys but
you guys did end up seeing how much of a
last-minute procrastinator I am as if
you guys already didn't know you guys
know my model by now do today do today
so on I'm gonna start editing the young
model runway catwalk video that's going
to be up by the time this video is going
up so if you guys haven't seen the
runway video you guys should check that
out on my enjoy the rest of my night
it's already like midnight I'm sad I
doing it to get a camera stand or a
tripod but you live and you learn and
what I learned is just fucking get your
shit done before last minute um yep I
need to decide whether to edit tonight
or go to sleep tonight and wake up early
tomorrow to edit I hope you guys enjoyed
this video it wasn't really anything
exciting but obviously I'm going to vlog
out Disneyland and I'm going to vlog at
California Adventure so you guys the
next two days are going to be getting
fun-filled vlogs fun-filled amusement
part of the vlogs Disney vlogs and on
watch squad
thank you for watching much love
everybody says all the boys say that
they dodge my kisses they comment when I
go like this to comment ill bro I dodged
your kids I'm just like why like if
Devin Booker
like this me I'll fuckin catch it okay
guys on that note I'm gonna go now
tomorrow tomorrow Disney vlog the next
day Disney vlog so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I hope you guys
enjoyed those coming up brought well
thank you for watching and I love you
guys goodnight guys wait one last thing
before I go I won't let you guys know
that I'm so fucking tired this is
probably the most tired I've been in a
long time I was walking earlier in the
morning when you confronted me for
waking up that early and she made me go
back to sleep but yeah and I did go back
just me up hey I don't wake you up I
just had to good morning and you wake up
Oh 5:30 a.m. I had to wake up to edit
and you didn't let me so you're the
reason I was late packing no I'm just
joking the reason is because I went to
the gym when I said I wouldn't if I have
the choice I would go to sleep it's not
really my choice know what it is it's
like orange I don't have any meeting
feet on it when you went to the bathroom
no it's worried innit okay guys and
lasting aside from not getting any sleep
pass out on the wheel like I was about
to fall asleep I had to blast the music
and turn the AC on so I could stay awake
it's not healthy definitely and you want
to know what else is a healthy food has
not touched my mouth today I haven't ate
anything today not one thing I've been
so busy trying to get everything done I
haven't even had time to eat so ooh
dinner
non just joking I need to get food
somehow I'm not trying to drive anymore
but I haven't ate today that's not good
I'm so hungry
gosh so I just decided to edit tonight
and knock it out the way before I have
to wake up to go to Disney tomorrow I
don't want it I don't want to wake up
super early before Disneyland think
about it I'd rather sleep late and then
just wake up and go to Disneyland then
go to sleep wake up early edit render
upload and then go into Disneyland I'd
rather just knock it out of the way
tonight rest and then wake up and go
Disneyland so I'm gonna start editing
right in hell look at the time don't
knock my work ethic guys don't knock
that you could hate on me for whatever
reason but don't hate on me for my work
because I was just you're playing
yourself like that
look I haven't even started yet
what time is it 1:00 a.m. I need to
start right now guys you know what I
can't wait for at Disneyland when I
tweeted and obviously posted the vlog
saying that I was going to Disneyland
and there were actually a lot of people
who said that they were going to be
there as well a lot of fans who said
that they were going to be at Disneyland
where they live really close to
Disneyland so if I could wait for them
so some fans can't afford to go into
Disneyland but they live right here so
they said they would drive up to
Disneyland and if I can wait for them to
meet them before going in and I said
yeah of course so I love you guys and I
can't wait to me a lot of you guys
whether it's inside of Disneyland or
outside I'm gonna be checking Twitter
while I'm there just in case people
tweet me that they're there and we could
try to meet up so I can't wait for that
as well I've is eland and if you guys
can't afford it but you live right here
a lot of people are coming just in front
of the gates just to meet up and then
going back home so I got to spend any
money you don't want to go fully into
Disneyland cuz I'll wait outside for a
little good until we meet up
okay so I'm literally locked but the
store will open this is the door to the
hotel historians to leave because they
want me to leave so bad they still won't
open though and there's no one at the
lobby I just like to go put the parking
pass in my car and now I'm stuck what
the hell it's like 1:00 in the morning
oh really
I was trying to knock I didn't know what
happened okay thank you okay guys so
about three three hours later I finished
editing check out the time 304 a.m. I'm
done editing nowt rendering once the
render bubbles done I gotta upload it so
if I upload throughout the night it
should be ready to go within my regular
upload time I just got to stay awake to
upload it pick a title thumbnail and I
could go to sleep we're actually going
to be at Disneyland in a couple hours so
I need to sleep soon and I can't wait
for Disneyland like I said I haven't
been there in years probably like four
years I'm so glad I'm so relieved I got
my video done what is sleep I'm so glad
I got my video done okay it's only that
two percent uploading honestly I'm just
gonna pick the title in the mail
tomorrow morning when I wake up guys I
had to wake up early to pick a tile on
thumbnail
it's literally I they don't come I slept
that like for something and hell I'm
awake at well it's almost 8:00 right now
but also a way before I have to just
pick a title and a custom thumbnail and
then this video is done
