what is going on everybody Brandon -
your aka Barrois days if you follow me
on Twitter I know I mentioned that I
wasn't gonna upload today because it's 5
p.m. I just got back from my vacation so
I figured by the time I were to edit and
upload a Disney vlog it wouldn't be up
for hours and hours so I figured I
wasn't gonna upload today but then I
thought about it and I was like I miss
you guys I want to talk to you guys so
no this won't be a Disney vlog but I
figured why not answer a question that
everybody's been wondering so actually
before I start off so if you can't tell
by the title of this video I'm going to
be explaining to you guys why I am still
going here I'll get into that after
because first I wanted to show you guys
a little something we're gonna start off
look let me just get into it so this guy
named Omar he look at these guys just
look look at this basket look this is
amazing I don't even want to know how
much that cost because I hate when fans
spend money on me and that's gotta be
expensive so and look hold on that was
sad couple days ago then earlier today
look at this if there's already some
eatin I'm sorry okay not something but a
lot of chocolate-covered strawberry so
let me read the note this dude Omar dear
old Wallace family I hope you are all
enjoying the fruit I said now here are
some more goodies referring to the
chocolate-covered strawberries I
appreciate everything Brandon and Brian
knew to make their fans happy every
video makes my day now it's time for me
to give back to you enjoy these treats
Omar thank you so much look if you can't
tell look how many sticks are missing me
and my family and actually my neighbor
were eating this I just had some when I
got back from vacation and child cover
strawberries thank you so much obviously
you really did not have to I don't know
what to say thank you so much thank you
this is amazing like hold on let me get
into the next one so you guys may know
Kristen Gonzalez who was actually look
he is the sender of this shirt you guys
might have seen me wear it in my videos
he's owned who sent me this shirt the
Bravada is Phoenix Suns t-shirt
he's actually from Ueno Park which is
it's close to LA for less than two hours
from where I lived close to the LA area
he's actually a professional boxer like
I said his name is Christian Gonzalez
you guys might even know him
he's according to an Instagram and he's
14 to know undefeated professional boxer
with 12 knockouts so I'm only putting
this on the video so he doesn't fucking
knock me out but no I'm just joking look
so he not only did he send me that but
today earlier today I got this package
he sent me a Phoenix Suns t-shirt along
with he said Jackie ate the same one a
matching one but for a woman and then he
also sent me this note right here I read
this note pretty funny um shout out to
his girlfriend Lorraine too because he
said that she was jealous that I
followed him on Instagram by the way I
gotta follow this guy on Twitter to Omar
I'm gonna be following you on Twitter
after this video so um after Christian a
couple of days ago
he sent me this shirt I followed him
gave him a follow on Instagram and you
know he pretty much sent me those as a
thank-you and let me just say to
Christian and Omar and everybody else
who has sent me or my brother gifts I
look there's guys there's people that
come to our door bang on the gate run
away there's people that egg our house
there's people that cheap your house
with toilet paper there's those people
and then there's people like all morning
there's people my Christian who are
sending it like I appreciate it heavily
so before 1 before I started this video
I just want to give a thank you to you
guys so Omar Christian and everybody
else who has sent me anything has an
appreciation I know you guys don't have
to there's no rule that says if you
watch for wallets you have to send them
a gift there's nothing like that so the
fact that you guys do that thank you so
much I appreciate it
now it's time to get into this video so
as a question above in the title says
why am I still going to school why am I
going to college I figured it'd be right
to make this video because my school
starts tomorrow
Gus it's 5 p.m. tomorrow at 9 a.m. I'm
gonna be in school in class my first
class is at 9:30 and it's ok so let me
just get straight to the point
you guys already know there's a reason
you guys keep
time I tweeted about my college every
time I post about my college I get a ton
of people bro why are you still going to
school why haven't you dropped out you
know look at all the other youtubers
like that so there is a general I guess
rule in the YouTube community that when
you get big enough on YouTube and I
might be talking to million subs I'm
just talking a couple hundred thousand
subs that you don't need to go to school
anymore it's it's like look at my
brother who he dropped out before he and
a million subs there's like a general
rule that YouTube is pretty much a
career and a lot of it not just a lot of
almost all youtubers who are big-time
don't go to school and I'm not saying
that's a bad thing I'm not saying I
disagree with that everything I say in
this video is my own opinion everything
I say is for myself from myself I'm not
judging other youtubers I'm not saying
what they should do or shouldn't do
because I have a brother who literally
lives in the same house who was the
complete opposite of my beliefs so
everybody has their own opinion but I'm
answering this question to all the fans
who wonder why do I still go to school
so for example Twitter I tweeted
tomorrow my school semester starts blah
blah blah actually first let me get into
what exactly I'm doing so I go to school
for journalism broadcast media studies
so you put that all together journalism
writing broadcast speaking and Media
Studies media like being on TV being on
a computer so put that all together and
what what includes writing reporting and
being on TV a sports reporter so before
I started YouTube my dream my ultimate
goal of my ultimate dream was to become
a Phoenix Suns reporter I wanted to
speak for the Suns I wanted to write for
the Suns on their website and I actually
had a job a very low paying job before I
started YouTube where I was a Phoenix
Suns editor-in-chief of the writing
section for this website the sports side
but that wasn't working directly for the
Phoenix Suns I was just working for the
side so back to what I was saying by the
way this video I hope answers all the
questions you guys had about school
because a lot of people have a bunch of
different questions because like I said
it's it's very very rare for a youtuber
in the least coffee so I'm not trying to
be cocky
with a million over a million subs to
still be in school because it's pretty
much a career at this point YouTube is
my career this is my job this is what
I'm gonna be doing for the rest of my
life so you wonder why the hell are you
still going to school don't you go to
school to get a job in the future don't
you go to school for a job like now like
that okay
let me tell you why so now that you know
my profession my major how about you
know that I am still going to school I
have not taken a break I have not taken
a semester off let me tell you why first
of all I've cut down I started college
taking four classes each semester of
four and that's full-time that's a
full-time college student if I was still
doing that there's no way I'll be
half-time for youtube no way I'll have
time to daily upload there's just no way
so I've cut it down to two classes I'm
taking two classes this semester just
like I did last semester that way yes it
is very hard to maintain daily uploads
especially of over 20 minutes and still
go to school but what I did I took two
classes one of them is in school so I'm
going to be in school from 9:30 to 11:00
and the other one is online but don't
get it mistaken online classes are
generally known to be harder than in
class why because you have to teach
everything yourself there is no teacher
there's no professor everything that's
shown to you online you got to pick it
up and learn it yourself but honestly
like if we're being real for being
honest there's no way I had time to
produce good content every single day if
I were to go to classes in school so I'm
gonna be taking one class in school and
one class online hopefully that's not
too busy of my schedule for me to daily
upload because I'm gonna keep daily
uploading for you guys my class in
school is a music history class and then
my class online is a pure history class
so I'm definitely not looking forward to
that back to my point why am I still
going to school why am I in college you
look at youtubers with a hundred
thousand two hundred thousand even fifty
thousand subs and they drop out because
they see YouTube as a career two reasons
one in life nothing is guaranteed
nothing is guaranteed you look at NBA
players
there's NBA players who one day they're
NBA champions and a couple years later
they're bankrupt you see reports you see
I don't know if these are we
Noblet allen iverson has gone bankrupt
and just YouTube or not YouTube is NBA
players who are much more wealthy than
youtubers going bit like nothing is
guaranteed okay
also like to me I just want a degree in
my back pocket once I have like I said
nothing is guaranteed so what I what I
want to be cautious about is let's just
say something ever goes wrong with my
youtube channel let's just say you know
for whatever reason everybody starts to
hate me and people stop watching my
videos and this isn't my job anymore
I don't want to go back and sit in
school empty-handed I don't want to go
back and go to school as a 28/29 or
maybe a 30 year old whenever my youtube
career would end by the way I'm not
expecting that I'm just saying you never
know what could happen in life nothing
in life is guaranteed I don't want to go
back as an old guy in college with
nothing I want to start off at least
with something you know that's that
that's why I'm going to school I'm not
going to school so I could get a degree
in quit YouTube I'm not going to school
so I could you know get my bachelor's
degree and stop making videos that's not
it at all once I get my degree i'ma put
the degree to the side who knows that
degree might never ever have to be put
to use
do I need school no is it more than
likely you gonna end up being a waste of
my time that I'm even going to classes
yes even my own parents I could tell are
kind of like why are you still gonna
even my own partnership that's oppose me
on YouTube I could tell her like why
like what's the point but I don't care I
do this for myself I believe it's right
I don't do the things I do to please
anybody else but myself so on that's why
I'm still going to school there's a
general thought when it comes to me I've
seen people make videos of me I
appreciate you guys trying to know the
truth but that's not that you would
people say that I'm going to cook people
say I'm only doing YouTube while I'm in
college and once I finish college I'm
gonna work for the Suns and quit YouTube
guys that is absolutely false
why would I quit YouTube to work for the
Suns when
I'm pretty much connected with the sons
I speak to Devin Booker and Airbus on a
daily basis I I know the whole staff by
now we talked a bunch of them in some
early I'm in contact with half the upper
half the higher end of the Phoenix Suns
on Twitter they all know who I am and I
have an NBA channel where I'm where I
talk about the Suns so why would I quit
YouTube to try and get lucky and work
for the Suns when I'm not saying I
worked for the Suns but this might be
even better I'm pretty much friends with
the Suns the team and the organization
of the players while doing my own thing
so that general consensus like I said
while I appreciate you guys trying to
figure out what I'm doing is wrong I'm
not only doing YouTube as a as a joke or
a decide thing and then quit once I get
a job with the Suns No my dream was to
get a job with the Suns before I started
YouTube now that I'm pretty much friends
with the Suns you don't go from being
friends to working for them so I repeat
I am going to school for the
precautionary reason being just in case
you've seen some youtubers go from up
here to down here within a couple months
nothing is guaranteed I'll work my ass
off on YouTube I I try to provide you
guys super super good content and I try
to stay connected with all my fans why
because I want myself and you guys for
me to be creating the content for you
guys to be watching the content of what
in the end product to be one of the best
channels on YouTube that's my goal I'm
not content with what I'm doing right
now I want to be one of the best
youtubers I want to be one of the best
while staying myself and that's what I'm
trying to do and but like I said nothing
is guaranteed one day you guys could
love me one day you guys could hate me
so just in case just in case I want to
have a degree in my back pocket so that
in case anything happens I could put
that degree to use and I won't have to
go back to school and start with nothing
or I won't have to look for a job other
than YouTube and they look at me and be
like well you don't you didn't even go
to school no so what I'm doing is I'm
gonna take it slow two classes per
semester
whenever I finish I finish I'm in no
rush and when I do finish school I'm
gonna keep that degree maybe frame it
maybe put it off to the side and just in
case like I said I'm not expecting my
youtube-channel to go to shit I hope
that never happens I hope and I doubt
that happens because look at this this
and the shirt sent from Christian I got
I got the best fans on YouTube I don't
care what anybody says we talked to each
other but I told you to us on Twitter I
talked to guys on Instagram snapchat all
the time I got the best fans on YouTube
so I don't think that's gonna happen but
like I said nothing in life is
guaranteed you see even the higher end
NBA players can go broke and to me it's
just precautionary like I said I don't
expect this to happen I don't expect my
youtube channel to go to shit but just
in case for the millionth time why
Brandon why are you still going to
school when there are other youtubers
much smaller than you that don't law
school hey I'm that good for them I
don't care I honestly other youtubers
they put I don't want to say they laugh
at me but when I say that I'm still
going to school I could tell them their
face like oh are you going to school you
have a million subs this is just for
myself it's what I believe in people are
gonna think I'm crazy I know people are
gonna say bro your channel isn't gonna
go to shit there's no point to go to
school like I said I'm not expecting it
to go to shit but you never know what
could happen you never know what could
come your way you never know what what
could happen to you like I just it's a
precautionary thing guys honestly I
don't even want to start to think how
much stress or pressure is gonna be on
when it's I'm trying to play basketball
every day go to gym everyday hang out
with Jackie and you know make my
relationship work and grow as a couple
also daily uploading and pleasing the
last time I was in college I had two to
three hundred thousand subs now I have
almost 1.1 million so pleasing an
audience of 1.1 million like I said
uploading every single day not shitty
content good content and past my college
classes I can't even begin to imagine
the stress because last semester when I
took two classes and I was uploading oh
my god it was so much stress it was it
was crazy it was insane an insane amount
of work and stress you guys know me this
is right now during my
or break no classes no college I barely
get any sleep I stress out like I spent
so much time on my videos and I can only
imagine with an added two classes now
but you know what I don't care I'm Pro
wadis I'm gonna make it work I'm a firm
believer and hard work pays off I'm a ki
daily uploading I'm a pass both my
classes my music history and my regular
history I'm a pass both of those and
then I'm I enjoy my time on my next
break so it's gonna be hard work it's
gonna be stressful but I don't like I
came and imagine how stressful actually
but I'm gonna make it work I don't care
I'm bruh wadis I could deal with this
don't worry to answer this question once
again no I'm not quitting YouTube once I
get my degree that degree is gonna be
pushed off to the side Justin who knows
I might be going to school and wasting
my time that degree might never ever
there's a 99% chance that that degree I
have is just gonna be sitting in my
closet and never be put to use there's a
really really high chance that I'm going
to school and wasting my time wasting my
hours of my day and my degree that I get
at the end whenever I get it whether
that's in one year two years three years
I don't know how long it's gonna take
when I'm doing two classes per semester
there's a high high high chance that my
YouTube channel doesn't go to shit and I
don't need to use that degree but I
don't want to take that chance you know
you never know what could happen for the
millionth time let me hear it nothing in
life is guaranteed plus I'm 21 years old
I just feel kind of weird if I don't go
to it like if I'm just sitting at home
and I won't go to school yes I
understand I'll be making videos and
going to the gym but it's just like for
myself this has nothing to do with my
parents trying to force me to go to
school it has nothing to do with my
friends still going to school this is
for myself I'm looking out for myself
because that's the only thing that
matters at the end of the day you and
the people you love and I think for my
own sake it's better for me to go to
school it's nothing against people who
are my age and don't go to college
because there's a ton of successful
people who didn't even step foot in a
college classroom but I would just feel
a little weird being 21 still being a
kid and not going to school so for the
sake of that for the sake of just
precautionary reasons I'd rather stay in
school I'm not over doing it like I said
I'm doing one class in school and one
class online so hopefully it doesn't
overlap with my YouTube
because I still plan on daily uploading
for you guys daily uploads while going
to school while having a girlfriend is
spending hours a day with her while
going to the gym every single day while
playing bass is still a daily upload I
don't see why two classes should make a
difference sure there might be some days
here and there like a couple of times a
month where maybe homework will be too
much or maybe I have to study for finals
and I hope you guys understand that
sometimes I won't be able to upload
because of that reason but anyways I
digress
plus I love to learn you can never you
can never have enough knowledge I'm
gonna be taking a music history class
you think I know jack the only thing I
know about music is Drake fucking views
and nothing was the same and Tupac
whatever you think I know I don't know
shit about this so do I need to learn
about music history for fucking YouTube
no but it's just nice to know things you
never know who you can meet and run into
and maybe they love music and you'll go
ahead we could talk because I took a
music class in college so this is for my
own good no I don't need to go to
college I know other youtubers when they
here I go to college I know they laugh I
know they say oh you don't need it
that's all good it's for my own good
guys thank you for watching this video I
wasn't gonna upload today but I tweeted
about my school starting tomorrow
everybody starts asking these questions
if this wasn't the first time so I hope
everything got cleared up um hopefully
there's no more questions for ypur
Wallace is going to school this is why
I'm going to school and Cristian Omar
thank you guys so much and thank you
guys for watching on for what oh and let
me just tell you from the next couple of
days I do apologize because I know
people don't like it when I um when my
vlogs are backed up what I mean by that
is I know you guys like so for example
what you guys like is for me to be
recording today and then upload tomorrow
record yesterday upload today you guys
like my vlogs to be up-to-date you know
just one day you know recording the
whole day and then upload the very next
morning let me just apologize because
these still am vlogs are really really
really long I want like I wanted to for
the people have them into Disneyland
wanted to pretty much show them the
whole experience Allah decent that balls
are really long which is why I couldn't
get one done today and that's why
tomorrow I'm not sure if the whole
Disney lab lock is gonna be out but what
I'm gonna do is I wanna maybe get the
first day up tomorrow I'm not completely
sure yet I don't know if I want to put
them both together or just do day by day
that's why I'm warning you guys that if
one of them goes up tomorrow my my vlogs
for the next couple days might be a
little not up to date like uploading
something that happened a couple of days
ago but I hope you guys don't mind I
hope you understand I'm very busy right
I don't even buy my school supplies I
need to go right now bro body's out guys
thank you so much for watching Bonnie to
go
