and today I'm here with my dolly this
little device looks familiar it's
because my mom and dad did this video
for their channel what this little
device is it's the devil but if you guys
want to know what it really is it's like
a shocking device where you have to
guess the number
pretty much it's either gonna shock the
out of you or you're gonna be safe so
who wants to go first me or Brian
thoughts any me Mauricio should we do a
couple or the X couple just oh man I'm
so nervous by that guy and there's a
setting either low or high and you
already know this is the bharatas
YouTube channel so although first so you
put a number 1 through 99 so right now
this device has picked the number and we
have to try to not get the number if you
get the number that she picked you get
shoved your Lana but there's 99 numbers
there's no way you're gonna get on the
first right it's a 67 ok so now it's 1
through 67 let's do number 1
be booked oh I'm so done okay
21 okay so it's 21 367 now I Michael
Jordan I love you okay 23 267 big diesel
Shack 32 32 267 it's narrowing down baby
already saved oh wait what did it say
okay 36 267 that's a 32 30 said can we
go 50 just straight up 50 you say okay
fifty to sixty seven guys we're gonna be
eight right why do you make noise like
you good job no okay wait what is it
fifty two fifty eight fifty three fifty
I think I'm getting shot that's it it's
my mom I get shot at me 56 52 56 56 54
why do you make that noise
if you think you got shot wait
I
why we put on high because we're crazy
we're crazy YouTube family right please
show yourself
Regina you are after too many ones you
don't this is like a sonic said guys but
son I'll go first
eight you're gonna be bringing so that's
how the same one she's got to do what
they say
and mom you know me I'm not good at
listening like well we got never listens
you guys eight to one
hey two one six
either way I mess up either way I'm not
ready mr. number in the middle I do it
God my thumb's are vibrating right now I
lost the stamp Simon salmon says
whatever the hell they are
yeah I challenge Davis now yeah we need
to do the number guessing to 99-88 and
that's not good at the first time I'm
not doing 65 that number is calm like
I'm scared of number 55 now if I see it
that's walking on the other team wearing
55 I'm gonna run away
71 oh wait I might raise up the shot
wait what hey you dirty they want to do
31 31 271 still got a large 62 foe 31 to
60 to vote 36
oh I feel it 36 to 60 - I'm gonna go 57
Oh 36 to 57 is right let's do it ready
ready ready 49:36 to 49
let's do 42 36 to 42 getting heated here
haha 14 Rd basic Oh
okay okay like this right
my dad let go early and then when he
heard the shots
ah
okay
okay 1 to 13 how about number 12 or a TJ
Warren why did you pick 9 to me look at
them
the microphone oh oh I really enjoyed it
especially because I just to get your
reaction getting shot can you get one
wrong on purpose again oh come on I did
if you love them adjust you I mean if
you don't love it you don't eh ah it's
up to you okay guys so I'm not gonna do
this for you guys and you have to do for
my mom she's scared of these kind of
things but she's doing your friend guys
oh she said nein I wonder what number my
mom gonna present please drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed I feel like it
was really really funny prize baby he
ran away he didn't mind getting a shot
Frank did you try it was just a shock
see guys my mom has more guts than Brian
but please drop a like subscribe to this
YouTube channel if you are new dad can
you please show them what's wrong with
it my dad has made this backwards
that's why it looks so tired yeah but
anyways thank you guys so much for
participating thank you guys so much for
watching I love you guys all
thank you bye come here Phoenix Suns go
Phoenix Suns baby I love the Phoenix
Suns Pixies yo you should have seen what
we just did with my brother my mom and
my dad broke we played a shocking game
before I came to meet ya we on the floor
appeared from the D key shake these you
bro the freakin game was so late bro you
should have been there long okay just
make sure to watch the video bro it was
so dope but anyways I hope you have a
good day and he would come no kiss I
mean I told he likes me more than you
Dennis he loves me he likes you how
about that he likes you but he loves me
he loves us he does not love you bro he
told me before he you never fair never
ever find the right word just there's no
way this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
