got this wait can you please unplug the
phone
can you please unplug the phone cuz how
many how many times didn't call two
times yeah please unplug it because he
called once halls on the shower once
after one this morning and one last
night I like 1 a.m. so I'm gonna call
again I want to call the front that's
gonna say why would you say I'm gonna
say why would you tell the person yes
the guy ran in the same here I know
oh no that the guy probably asked if I
was staying here and they said yeah and
I'm probably called every single fucking
room to find out I don't know but I know
they're not supposed to give my
information oh no please just unplug it
because that's just loud okay what is
going on you guys Brandon here aka for
what is
it's it's past 12 o'clock it's past
midnight right now and we just got back
from Disneyland you know we were there
from 2 p.m. to we even left early
because we were so tired we were
supposed to stay till midnight we ended
up leaving at 10:00 10:30 like almost
two hours earlier than we were supposed
to because we were so dead we were so
tired last night I slept at 4:30 a.m.
and I woke up at I don't know like 7:30
or a I slept like 3 hours and we were
out at Disneyland all night so you know
we were tired we come home or we come to
the hotel we want to go to sleep right
so uh let me just backtrack last night
we checked into the hotel we checked in
we got to our room around 12:30 a.m.
past midnight we got here really late
because we left my house late and the
drives over two hours away we came in
almost 1:00 in the morning
around 1:30 we got a call to the hotel
room and we pick it up and it's some guy
like just starting to talk so we hang up
it was weird it was like I don't know
some guy I'd say younger voice like 14
15 we hang up that's I got 1:30 in the
morning we hadn't just checked in so
that was pretty weird
you know I closed the blinds of the room
and I'm just like okay that's pretty
weak wake up I'd say remember that phone
calls I got 1:30 a.m. so I wake up this
is around 10:00 or 11:00 in the morning
I get another phone call to the hotel
room and I answer it and and it's some
dude the same guy and he goes is this
bro bodies and I'm just like in my head
I'm like how the fuck like we just came
in we just came in at 1:30 a.m. this is
like 10:00 in the morning so we we just
let him woke up and someone somehow some
way some creepy ass way already has but
not only the hotel that was
the hotel room that were saying huh so
you know I said no I said no this isn't
bruh wadis and you know he said I could
tell by your voice you know blah blah
and I'm gonna get back to that phone
call later and I said no this isn't bruh
Wallace and I hung up okay I'm in the
show we get back from Disneyland I'm in
the shower right hear the phone ring my
girlfriend answers and hangs up the same
nude this is after Disney this is like
an hour ago so close to midnight then I
get out the shower the phone rings again
I said babe unplug the fucking phone so
right now we have both phones unplugged
um let me tell you the reason this dude
is calling I know exactly who it is
because he's tweeting to me and he's a
fan okay not a hater I don't know who
taught this kid respect I don't know
who makes who lets him think this is
okay to do this but let me tell you so
this kid I'm not going to say to quit
her name because a bunch of people are
gonna hate on him and I'm not gonna say
his name because what I don't want to
put it out there but just know that I
know it is not in person but over
Twitter he's one of my fancy tweets to
me all the time you know sometimes I'll
favorite his tweets I've never like I've
never replied I've never seen one of his
messages I get a lot of messages in the
least cockiest way I have a lot of
messages so I can't open all them so
what he did one time like last week he
went to every single person that I was
following on Twitter every single one
all 200 of them and he DM them and he
said yo like he made up some lie about
like his little brother has cancer and
he's dying so he wanted to talk to me
because his little brother loves me and
you know like by the time that story got
to me because all my all the people I
follow they like they've met their
screenshotting and said unto me saying
hang the Skylar brother is dying you
know bah bah
and then the guy comes out
admits that he lied about that that fan
came out and said he lied about that and
he just wanted to get my attention
bro how do you lie about guys do I
really need to explain it you can't lie
about someone getting kicked like no
just don't do that you cannot lie about
someone dying don't lie about someone
getting cancer don't lie about that
topic especially to get someone's it's
like I don't know that that was just
really low so I been tweeting to me
saying he want to apologize so the
reason he called is to apologize but
that's beyond the point how the fuck did
he find out which hotel staying at how
do we find out the room number the only
way and I'm gonna call the front desk
and I'm gonna tell them don't fucking
tell people that I'm staying here
because the only way would be because in
my vlogs obviously I said also went to
Disneyland so he knows about Disneyland
he must have called every single hotel
there's I'd say like 13 14 hotels around
Disneyland and I'm guessing he called
every single hotel asking if there was a
branding of audist that stayed there and
then he somehow found out the room
number I don't know maybe he called all
the rooms maybe the dumbass at the front
desk gave him my room number I don't
know but we just unplug the phones I'm
about to go to the front desk and tell
him yo don't fucking it's one thing to
say where I'm staying if someone says oh
is he at this hotel the front desk says
yes but if they gave out my room number
then no okay and to the fan that is
trying to get ahold of me okay I accept
your apology it was wrong
dude don't lie about your little brother
getting cancer or whatever
I accept your apology please stop
calling my
whether it's 1:00 in the morning
midnight 11 p.m. or 11 a.m. please don't
call my hotel room anymore God knows how
many times he called while we were at
Disneyland and I hate to be rude I hate
to be mean because I know this guy's my
fan he's a supporter but you just cannot
be doing this we just got back from a
long long long day at Disneyland I was
supposed to be editing of law I was
supposed to come back from Disney Edit
of vlog and have it uploaded for you
guys tomorrow
well guess what I came back I was so
fucking tired from lack of sleep like I
said I slept like 2 or 3 hours last
night woke up early haven't ate and we
were just out walking all day so I said
you know what I'm gonna miss an upload
tomorrow I can't at the vlog I'm gonna
go to sleep I'm in the shower I hear the
phone oh I get out I'm trying to go to
sleep we hear the phone ring that this
is not like we are on vacation
it's bad enough this happens on my own
home that's bad enough we can't control
it please on vacation for my girlfriends
but I'm in the bathroom right now my
girlfriend's asleep please for the sake
of my girlfriend's birthday vacation
stop calling the hotel room I don't know
how you found out which hotel saying
that because there's a bunch of hotels
around Disneyland that is creepy
I don't know how we got in last night
around 1:00 in the morning I don't know
how the hell you call it so soon at 1:30
a.m. and and please stop calling me I
accept your apology it was wrong of you
to do that but but I accept it I accept
it thank you for being a fan thing for
being a supporter um this is ridiculous
I don't know what risk like I don't know
what respect is anymore
I apologize for all you guys wanted a
vlog tomorrow because I didn't plan on
it trust me I plan on it you guys know
me you know I work hard to get my vlogs
done for you guys I planned on coming
back from Disneyland around midnight
whatever time and start editing and get
that video for it guys tomorrow but I I
couldn't I cannot stay away for another
couple hours look it I'm so dead right
now gonna look at okay you could just
tell you know this isn't me look at my
iPads are so bad look ma I'm just like
sleep-deprived deprived honestly me and
Jackie even got an argument earlier not
an argument but she was like talking to
me earlier today about how I need to
sleep more and I just look very
unhealthy and every time we hang out I'm
like really cranky because I haven't
been getting sleep so I decided one
night I'm not gonna edit and I was just
gonna go to sleep
and instead we get some dudes trying to
fucking non-stop calls somehow found the
hotel room like I said I accept your
apology please stop calling the room um
I'm going to talk to the front desk and
and see whether this guy just somehow
stalker status creeped and found where I
was staying or if they literally just
gave all my information away I don't
know cuz there's a lot of hotels and
resorts around Disney so I don't I just
don't know but bro I don't know
I'm about to go to sleep guys to repeat
myself I didn't want to make this video
because I feel bad since that guy's a
fan and obviously like in a way he
wasn't trying wasn't intentionally doing
anything wrong he wasn't purposely doing
anything wrong he was just trying to get
my attention which yes I understand so I
feel bad and you know who you are when
you watch this just know that I'm not
I'm not making this video with any hate
towards you I'm not making this video
with any like any type of oh you're so
blah blah blah no I'm just simply saying
that a little bit a little more respect
would be nice but um ya know I feel bad
I don't want to attack somebody who
looks up to me and all that so on
no I don't hate you when you're watching
this I do not hate you and I actually I
respect you for your support for my
videos and you constantly trying to get
my attention but however this was a
little too much just a little bit
overboard but like I said I know I don't
hate you so don't stress out and I
accept your apology it was just a little
too much this time and I just like a
little bit more respect from somebody
who looks up to me guys it's that's the
same reason like when fans come to me
and my to mine and my brother's home and
they're like banging on the gate trying
to get our attention because they want
to take a picture they want to talk to
us because they look up to us people say
call the cops and a lot of people would
call the cops but it's just like these
people come and they they look up to you
they look at you as a role model like me
and my brother so like you don't want to
call the cops and same with this like
this person he's not doing any harm he's
just trying to get my attention but
there's also a line that you can't cross
and calling someone's hotel room at
midnight or 1:00 in the morning in -
first of all finding someone so - I
don't know it's just a little overboard
and I don't like to do anything like
this but something has to be said um
this is this was ridiculous oh not only
do I apologize for not getting a vlog up
for you guys tomorrow but it makes it
even worse like if I didn't upload that
all that was already bad the fact that
I'm i'ma have to upload a type of video
like this and not a vlog I could have
been awake right now editing the vlog
instead I'm telling you guys about some
stalking creep who keeps calling the
room like it's just I apologize I'm
sorry I could have been using this time
- Eddie I couldn't maybe gotta vlog out
for you guys but instead I'm doing this
and I didn't want to but oh no
did you hear my speech okay mom turn off
the lights both phones unplugged
everybody like I said I apologize I
can't get the Disney um vlog out for you
guys it was supposed to be but it's not
like I'm a miss it's not gonna miss a
whole week or even miss two whole days
I'm only going to miss one day so the so
the vlog will be one day later one day
backed up and honestly just really quick
I met over 50 fans at Disney over 50 and
just shout out to you guys I put a lot
of them in my vlog some in my snapchat
story but some of the times my camera
was now so they weren't in my vlog but a
lot of you guys made it in my vlog and
when the Disney Vault goes up you guys
will see yourself shout out to you guys
honestly like it was crazy I'm trying to
walk I'm trying to go to the bathroom
I'm trying to go get some food brought
his brother honest I don't know you guys
like I said I've said it before and I'll
say it again the feeling when someone
like comes up to you and asks I sign
autographs I took pictures I gave shout
outs to people on snapchat like that
feeling is indescribable I've said it
before and I'll say it again I can't
explain how like how good it feels
and I don't know but shout out to you
guys because Disneyland was already fun
but you guys made it even funner I
actually stayed and talked with a lot of
the fans I added some of them on
snapchat and I don't know it was amazing
I thought I would run into like 10 maybe
15 people
we ended up over 50 people that
recognized me and it's just insane so
thank you guys for your support and bruh
wadis up
for the people that do live around here
and I think at a chance to meet today
because there are a lot of people who
are tweeted to me but some areas
obviously in Disneyland being a theme
park I didn't have service so I didn't
see all the tweets and I left for all
the people who were there or living this
area and didn't get a chance to meet me
today and you guys were interested in
meeting me like I said I would want to
meet someone like myself like I know but
I'm gonna I told them that I'm gonna be
going to back to Disneyland or
California Adventure tomorrow so they
want to come meet me there
I already have plans with some of the
people and they're gonna come and we're
gonna meet up there oh by the way hold
on before I end this video did I mention
that you guys literally made the day a
hundred times better like like I said
it's Disneyland is already fun in its
own part but but seeing all you guys and
you guys telling me oh like I love you I
love your videos I love your content so
many people were congratulating me on
1mil it was just it's it's a surreal
feeling and I don't know I just can't
explain it in words because that's not
possible but thank you guys so much
thank you to all the people I met today
and thank you to all the people who
watch my videos in general even if I've
never met you because you guys you guys
show me endless support so thank you and
good night
and I'm I'm plan on meeting a lot of you
guys tomorrow - guys I think the coolest
for sure the coolest thing about meeting
any of you guys is how much detail you
guys pay attention to like there's so
many people that come up to me well okay
here's the coolest thing aside from
seeing the smile on your guys's faces
because when people meet me they
literally have the biggest smile on
their face and that feels good enough
but let me tell you the coolest thing
the coolest thing is you guys will
literally bring up something from one of
my vlogs that I don't even remember and
I'm just like how do you guys remember
this like like you guys pay attention to
so much detail and you guys remember so
much about me like it's just crazy that
I have people that look up to me on that
level there were some people today who
were like oh yeah remember this and that
and I'm just like honestly I appreciate
you remembering because honestly I don't
so I don't know it's it's a how many
more times can I say this it's a crazy
feeling and I just can't explain it and
I love you guys I love you guys involved
but I really need to go to sleep right
now so goodnight guys
