got this
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus I'm here with my brother
right Brian's actually gonna kill these
in a huge right cuz where you look at
caves and I bring the guys all bags in
case what's gonna fight public on the
couch you guys know me and my Kings okay
guys so mom introduce yourself hello
mama wadis babe it's actually Jackie's
birthday
Jackie's birthday today and next to her
I don't know if he's participating in
today's it's balls man it's a Boswell
okay guys so let me extend what we're
doing today so today we have I don't
know going to call a catwalk a fashion
show a model what do you want to call
your the fashionista right there runway
I think the runway Bosley okay I'm so
hard on me I'm not sure it wasn't going
to be participating but what we're going
to do is you guys are flawed Astaire
that's gonna be all runway I'm going to
take turns one by one we're going to be
modeling golf
um I don't want to spoil you guys we'll
see you but we're going to be modeling
off a certain shirt and this sure as you
can see it is for male female come on
I'm just joking male mom's girls my age
dogs will try to get involved into
modeling so if we're ages any age any
size and um anything my girlfriend and
so we have right here we are the judges
let's say my mom comes down one two oh
we're gonna have three judges one two
three judges let's say Jackie's coming
down off two three judges so we're going
to be doing two rounds and I don't know
how much simpler it could get principles
the high score at the end wins the
person with the lowest score is the
loser and we make one round normal we're
actually going to try to model it and
the second round is going to be funny
and actually as I say that I'm starting
to think that the first one where we
actually have to model normal if I'll be
going to be the funnier one because
I must sell out to Martin but uh okay
okay just for that I get friends don't
worry I'm already giving Jackie zero
yeah yeah oh hold on and there's the old
bias score so like right now me and
Jackie just got an argument she can't
she's not allowed to give me answer if
I'm good
or like Brian and my mom they hate each
other so they're not allowed to give
each other zero you have to right now
you start fresh we're we're judging
based on our model not how we are as
people positive pressure commute zero
anyway we're going from we're gonna let
one of the ladies go mom you wanna go
first yeah okay so why born or should I
say the scores table of judges mom first
round is normal mom you actually have to
model for reals yes guys Brian's a lefty
mom honestly whenever you're ready
guys look at Bosley Bosley's Martin hold
on mom hold on Bosley sit sit okay don't
say okay mom whenever you're ready the
music will be in the background of the
video
pose for us pose for us okay now take a
few steps in we want to see the shirt
Bosley okay let's see the shirt
Wow that shirt looks pretty nice okay
round one mom give it your a round of
applause
well I'm 1 to 10 or 1 to 10 and hold on
you ruined my white board kinda
necessary okay okay
Brian score that walk 1 through 10 like
the whole yeah we're camping the bed you
sleep mama we know who it is Wow Wow
Brian just gave the woman who gave birth
to me why lady you bribing me early 11
not lady O'Brien's the whole reason he
is he got an eight Hey okay let's bail
you've got to know a person can you give
me the Taliban hatred so I'm pretty much
raised you of B being a mom still
working model II when I posted it's just
based off the walk right our ability to
be a mother okay
the woman who gave birth yeah Melissa's
about the wall yeah that was about Noah
for you you were judging as a mom yeah
seven but seven times seven so that's
good luck yeah okay
jackass so mom that's 15 points for two
people babe I know but she won't just
amazing for a kid again
as a person and as a mother oh I'm not
writing anymore
show the camera because she wants to
marry me so she's kissing your ass
together
no don't mind me already ladies let's
keep the street so mom that was your
first time of 25 okay so my mom has a
whopping 25 points through the first
shot of babe
I'm not next yeah you are late that's no
way yeah girl boy girl okay Brian go
okay look what Brian get drink this is
it yeah mom how do you like the shirt I
love it is very very comfortable
Thanks I don't like the ak-74 it ha
god I warn you this one's ugly nice nice
let's see what you learned from model
warfare oh shit balls is triggered oh
okay okay okay
nice nice nice stay humble
okay now let's battle great
I want to grade my brother play mom very
first so this is not based off the
ability for what he's done for my
youtube channel based on the walk Ryan
don't look down on your Lackey yes I
like which lifts off the camera on his
knee thank you thank you flipped off the
camera on his knee thank you thank you
okay so I said mom don't grade on the
ability up how he is at the Sun because
I'll shoots your one this you're okay
don't baby son father you wanna model we
want guys like it I was like good yeah I
like what no no no no no Jamie a hundred
thanks 105 110 points
no now you guys York and my mom tried
out you guys out there delegate okay can
babe pickers gotta try it
I've always been through this is
literally is like racing your life then
just remember the video cost cheering
okay but we're basing it off the fucking
wall
are you fucking such a go get it so no
is that your final answer no oh is it
warming for deep sea they want me to be
by more 706 okay all right I'll take
that see you as a person good find that
27 yeah yeah what do you do for fun my
wishes all this up to me yeah what the
fuck is nothing guys Brian's up again
yeah like three other person ready go go
go go
one spot baby yeah okay but let's rack
em up whoo I don't have a rack you did
there
babe marker please open mom please oh my
god really yeah cuz I love your body
when you shower I've been working out I
know I'm gonna do like rolling down the
hall and I nine-nine babe yeah sure does
that mean you're a material of the shirt
oh yeah yeah you just been living only
because I'm nice you know I count that
flirting and we're not going out today
no that's wrong
yeah okay you'll see what I'll give your
sister she was here I'll give her a 200
out of ten
okay so through two rounds Brian what is
that fucking migraine suits
okay so Brian has 56 points in his two
rounds guys Bosley definitely just
checked my girlfriend out right when she
walked by he turned his neck okay well
due to time constraints and Brian about
to head to Raising Cane's we're gonna be
cutting Brian's part short so Brian have
fun at Cannes Hey okay Bosley here look
come here Bosley come here come on show
your stuff Bosley let's see what you got
come here
hold on Bosley go Bosley go hey you're
walking too fast give us a look give us
a look there you go one more look okay
sit
no nobody oh wow see the pets could even
wear it on their tails Bosley here no no
no Bosley you're not staying humble just
because you're cute doesn't mean you
could
okay buzzy okay okay sit and I'll take
it off Bosley yeah guys see dogs can
wear it too you always take it off okay
okay
Bosley Bosley buzzing okay there there
there okay okay what do we all give
Bosley ten Bosley gets 10 out of 10 for
sure we don't even have to ride it basel
you get 10 straight up give me five good
boy what you still want the shirt okay
there hey Bosley
gosh do to my brother leaving early
because he had to get his chicken fix he
had to get his Raising Cane's fix we're
changing up the stakes for the final
round couple first couple boyfriend and
girlfriend together versus husband and
wife
me and wheelman said for wadis be WOD
it was my earring your hairs yes yeah
guys me and Jackie J figs verse mama
what is number ugh and Papa rug hey wake
up the girl who's gonna win buzz buzz
the extra kick Jackie out of his spot
ready okay hey my mom and dad my mom and
dad are first so see them go Bosley I
need you to boo when they come down
okay know a little pose we're not in Oh
Oh Bosley what's going on there week a
wedding about hey now hold on we saw
what you did now it's mine and Jackie's
turn okay babe let's go get ready
how do you think we did um I just did
what do you mean I did good and how
about me um you're too slow
okay I'll say after the video you think
they're gonna be this no no are you sure
yes I'm sure positive negative okay
we'll see nobody beats know will you
please go home forward
you're not plenty nobody beats the water
ference does better the rug and paratus
before so you offer up waters and me
mama no rug wadding jaundice blush right
mama
rug wadis that's some of them hold it
hold it okay guys so my mom and dad are
downstairs are waiting for me and Jackie
to come down and we figured cuz they had
a good walk my mom and dad had a good
walk so the only way we can beat them we
have to come up with something unheard
Oh
so Jackie's gonna come down as well do
you think they're gonna beat us no
you're gonna try let's see are you guys
ready me buzz legit sure
think about third time I know they're
trying hard upstairs what they think
jack is gonna come down as well wat it's
here um 2.0 look at the legs the socks
sand oh yes sure
okay and I'm gonna come down as well my
Jesus I'm gonna come down on Jackie
what's bocha why don't you go Ranas oh
sorry hi rod hey guys mom we're coming
down and we're gonna beat you my mom's
already talking shit they like to my gig
is gonna close with the zipper songs you
know well baby please for my thumb my
boat would know what you always wanted
advocating it dance look I'll check in
here they know it doesn't know I'm not
fucking meatballs a girl yeah well okay
ready
hey how am I gonna fit in these boobs
I'm a size 12 in men hi guys
I know I look tired you may kiss me this
yeah right
hey how am I gonna fit in these boots on
the sides 12 in men ouch you're gonna
find out yeah yeah watch this no way
big ouch
you can't ever speak on this one I'm
doing this further bulan spawn not for
your entertainment how was my friends
antics yeah there's your birthday again
thanks babe
me dressing was a boy it's my Betsy yeah
Bobby I've never been this home
okay look this literally I'm putting it
tucking it in my shirt oh wait do the
tied up it will do the show off their
ass
yeah oh my god I'm actually in a fall
because I feel so tall I'm like 65 so
these are Devin Booker feels know Booker
six six and a half okay so we're gonna
go down I'm tying okay wait you were
after hold for me because if I can't oh
I'm also backwards okay mom we're coming
hey no bad words
well not all day dongdong work it work
it how are you morning I'm recording
yeah yeah yeah birthday yeah I can't
break anything no I'm okay who's that
excuse me when I was young yeah yeah for
what is here in Jackie uh-huh do the
catwalk oh I'm sorry twelve and a half
and man this is whack size four okay
they proposed
oh Jesus hey okay yeah I run the doesn't
thicken his shoes like you oh well you
were Brandon now what first you guys
lost already I'm sorry no you know what
you have nice body as a girl yeah yeah
start doing stuff over here yeah so
clearly mom wear this hey everything
yeah cash also drunk crowd top good
right literally yeah let me just make
one quick message before we end this
video I don't care who won between my
mom or my dad I fear a break on ass on
understand listen I like try to fit in
six sizes smaller let me play okay let
me just say one quick thing these shirts
right here we have the main tank tops
hoodies t-shirts hold on no no no I'm
not afraid t-shirts tank tops hoodies
women's women's whatever skull but these
are the one mil exclusive so they're
only on sale for I think 10 11 more days
so they extended the sale for two more
weeks due to your guys's demand you guys
high demand on Twitter people because
they only have them on sale for one week
seven days and after those seven days
ended a bunch people were saying oh I
didn't get a chance to buy but I really
wanted it so I spoke with the team and
they extended it for two extra weeks so
if you guys weren't able to purchase the
first week you guys have an extra two
weeks by now it's like 10 or 11 days by
the time this video goes up for all the
people who did purchase thank you very
much our best seller the number one song
was the hoodie because mom how much are
I'm atrocities in microwave assembly
love yeah even food tubers appear on
like $55 mine started at 55 and I spoke
with the team we got it down to $32
$31.99 yeah surely nice she shares like
25 26 and the hoodies like 31 32
winter is coming up it's the end of
August so that was our best seller why
I'm actually talking serious with this
long man so the whole thing now I know
why you put your phone in the back
pocket because these don't even open so
yeah like I said the link to the website
going to be in the description below if
you've already purchased your apparel
thank you to you if you haven't you have
an extra 10 or 11 days okay I tried to
talk the prices of the t-shirts down but
if I try to talk down the prices for the
t-shirts but they said they can all do
the hoodies at least I got the hoodies
compared 55 dollars 32 I wonder which
one is better and for those wondering if
you guys because some people don't like
the design for this some people don't
like the design of the t-shirts that's
not a bad thing if you want to wait in a
couple of weeks there will be more
designs more styles just complete hold
on a shell one of them I don't want to
spoil one of them no I don't know any of
them so for right now for another two
weeks
this is the only shirt that's on sale
there's a one line exclusive when these
two weeks end it's gone vanish disappear
no more chance of getting one of these
so if you guys want to be one of the few
people that actually own one link in the
description below if you don't want to
purchase one if you want to wait till
the whole shop opens up that's fine with
me it doesn't matter to me thank you
guys for watching this video
mom I think we we took the pants we want
I almost broke Alex you were come from
with my names on here they look good Oh
big quick points we're about to go to
Jackie's birthday dinner but oh and mom
some people were some people were
tweeting me they were like oh um sorry
like I couldn't buy one of your shirts I
hope you don't favor the people who
bought them over us to me all that you
guys are all fans just because someone
buys my shirt doesn't mean I like them
any more than the other and just because
someone doesn't buy my shirt doesn't
mean I like them any less everybody's
money situation is different everybody
wants to spend their money differently
if you don't want to spend your money
that doesn't mean I like you any less or
Feli buy anymore I like you guys all the
same but if your were interested in
purchasing like I said these designs
hoodie tank top or t-shirt for men women
and dogs I guess you could throw it onto
a dog too
they're only available for 10 maybe 11
more days they were accidentally
available for a week when they started
so many people requested for a date to
be extended so I talked with the team
extended it even further
like I said hoodies are the bestseller
because we got the price down almost
half off almost half off but once these
ten eleven days are done no more chance
at getting one of these but if you
wanted to wait all the other t-shirts
come out then at least some of them come
out then and the shop will keep
expanding as time goes on so on I hope
you guys enjoy this video
baby are you gonna break ankles in those
I know I know
do you think I should wear my bra
disappear oh yeah I know I should have
actually wore my water-filled guys look
yeah it would match my new shoes we're
about to go out to dinner I'm not so
unlike the waters appear oh I don't know
I should huh what yeah yeah guys we have
to go we're going to be so late
I love this guy's eyes you just finished
watching this video I'm actually in the
hotel room editing right now look I have
my own editing desk with my laptop my
camera camera charger what time is it
it's literally but it's past midnight
and I'm about to start editing this
runway video so while you're watching it
at home I'm actually in the Disney hotel
and I'm going to Disneyland
tomorrow I'm actually gonna be at
Disneyland in like ten hours and look at
the hotel
there's the bed sorry guys this front
camera so it's kind of hard to see
there's this and the shower
oh yeah look I actually have my own
editing desk especially made for paratus
I'm at a hotel at Disneyland Hotel it's
actually one in the morning I just want
to put the parking pass in my car the
hotel parking pass and I'm about to
start editing my video right now 1 a.m.
just because I'm on vacation doesn't
mean the grind stops the grind never
stops
look I haven't even started it at times
it
1 a.m. I need to start right now June
and then we're leaving to Disneyland
tomorrow at like I don't know 10 or 11
in the morning and you guys are gonna
get Disneyland vlogs later tomorrow's
video is pretty much just gonna be like
our first day here just in the hotel and
stuff here I'm actually dead tired but
if I don't edit tonight I'm have to wake
up and edit before Disneyland I have to
wake up at like I'll know 5:00 in the
morning and I'm not trying to do that so
i'ma try to finish editing tonight and
oh no I'm just now starting it's 1:00 in
the morning so I'm not gonna be done to
like 4 or 5 but I have no choice I don't
want to wake up early and edit tomorrow
guys my eye bands are actually so bad
because of how little sleep I've been
getting look at this they're literally
purple in like so bad but like I said if
I don't edit right now tonight I have to
wake up tomorrow
wait early before Disneyland like I'd
say like 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning to
finish editing and then upload it what I
need to do is I need to finish editing
tonight and then upload it overnight
because the hotel Wi-Fi is not that good
so I need to let it upload overnight
that way would be ready while I go to
Disney I should have started editing
earlier but I didn't so here it is and
look I need to start sleeping more I
need like I said just as you're on
vacation doesn't mean the bride stops
why
