I got this okay I'm bringing some
supplies out Brian please come help me
get the supplies dad you don't know what
you signed up for this is a dare game
yeah you did there's a deer game it's
not a regular bow saw we go let my dad
warm up he needs to stretch out his old
muscles and bones I know look
oh just horrible okay Brian I'd say for
some of like the thing good for sure get
raw egg to rags and to because obviously
anything like getting wet are there you
know I steak anyway okay so for sure two
eggs two hands okay Brian so two eggs
and then the sour cream of talking how
did that not open how did that not open
it's not even like opening please tell
me I was recording my face with that
okay so the tomb
Marty sweaty okay mine are definitely
bigger than that yours are bigger than
this yes oh no we're arabic well my dig
I don't know about the ball okay so
we'll get the two eggs bond to each
other you have cinnamon I'm in a crazy
dare game we bought it once from not
chili powder I remember how ya know my
mom bought us our I mean long bar it's
my mom whatever we could do chili powder
what is this pop Rico fucking that my
mom xxxx my mom excellent what drug all
of us Brian why does my mom act like she
cooks my spices it would be guys it says
it's heart healthy away if it's hard a
healthy that's not a deer like I would
drink that for dinner like with my meat
smells did you does they try it well I'm
not gonna try why not is that the health
okay so on let's see one of the deers
could be inviting to raw egg so we only
have one deer some where the eggs the
other one is
chili powder ah yeah let's do it
snow ah might be entire I know oh okay
hold up your panda God and that's red
another kind of worse deer that no you
know they said it's actually really bad
- it like pandas one of those things way
what you get it sounds so good and you
can't wait to happen you know when you
eat it you're like it's actually like
nasty I know how about a nice oh I say
like you have to like it and you get hit
right in the teeth okay we're doing the
intro a couple minutes late but what is
going on you guys Brandon here in
Canberra wadis ron AKA
papa haze rug AKA like a bitch no but
really so today we're gonna be playing a
dare game where pretty much we're gonna
be taking shots not the kind of shots
that i want to take shots we're gonna be
taking shots so first we're gonna set it
there okay whoever's shooting gets to
make the deer we have that so far we've
thought of you have to bite into raw egg
we already got the eggs ready my dad
hates when you waste the eggs cuz he
loves eating eggs on Sunday morning for
breakfast second dad we have chili
powder a spoonful of that we're thinking
oh next one this is just an
embarrassment one you have to get on
your hands and knees and eat grass like
a cow from the front lawn where bosley
literally shit game is not for me
yeah just know we didn't force my dad to
do he wanted to correct or I thought you
guys should just shoot in Iran we taking
shots from triangle or from the
half-court line that we have Brian we
suck at basketball okay not my dad okay
guys so we figured out another deer you
know what this is we're bringing back
the vine days of 2013 of smack cam we
got the lotion so we're gonna go with
five days we got the chili powder the
eggs the lotion we got the grass where
you got to get on your hands and knees
like a cow and we're still trying to
think of one last day before we start
this game dad how hot is it
the eggs are literally gonna boil on the
mailbox
so we're gonna be shooting from a
triangle okay
I'll make the first shot there's a
pretty far shot so it's not easy the
last air is going to be we have to put a
ton of ice cubes in our pants and leave
them there pretty much till they melt or
just until you go like that so we got
our five deers actually my dad will let
my - you first
yeah I'm against select which dear would
you like to propose yeah we all do what
the motion for the lotion is you put the
lotion in your hand you slap us on the
face both you guys yeah okay I'll do the
lotion oh man is cheating the lotion I
don't shoot your shot then he really
fucking made that shit Brian what the
fuck okay so we're taking it back to a
couple years ago and my daddy used to
slap the shit out of us
okay so my dad is safe dad hold the
lotion up so now me and Brian get
chances to save our lives if we both
miss we both get the lotion Brian here
I'll shoot next cool hey just salvage
the lotion oh no oh oh I'm scared now
and also a date with lotion later on
tonight
okay Brian your shot if Brian makes this
on V pace I'll be the only one oh my oh
ho
okay dad yup now we both get fucking
smack cam who's first mom get paper
towel ready
no no paper towel no nothing to keep it
under play the rest of the game with the
lotion on our face okay just get me over
with hurry up oh that is a lot of lotion
that's a lot of low ball finish the way
real I don't when hot between a balls
okay dad go I just fucking slap me he
wants four just go Ryan's Birds oh my
god the camera camera my camera
why why I come on the ledge riot my dad
exploded my guy for this I hate being a
youtuber ya own my dad's dirty hands
dad's the same one you hit Brian with
bun you dirty boy I'm a breakout so bad
ok ok hard give him what he did there
do I deserve I don't do anything wrong
more left over why I gotta have fat
cheeks
alright three two one hop on my hurdle
fries yeah dad actually hurt I think my
dad's checking his anger out he hasn't
been able to hit us for a couple of
years or else he's going to jail so I
think he mom my dad sit home Brian I
might as well shave my beard after this
I already have the cream okay dad well
hold on sad to say but since my dad made
it shot he gets choose another dare and
to go next
just and you get to choose the dirac
guys what the hell is this shit
what'd you say guys my girlfriend's so
happy that she's so happy I got slapped
in the face babe you can watch from down
here okay dad what's your next pick let
me tell you what's left bus okay chili
powder you didn't even have to hear the
options please don't make it no no no no
no no no yes
okay Brian yeah are you trying to go for
a glass or no glass fine honestly I'm
not gonna make it regardless so that's
the fucking spirit oh no wait did you
choose the dare the chilli powder my god
got to choose because home for the
brother walk it's brought a wider squad
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no fuck okay so since me and my dad
Artie already shot babe you're so
supportive did you know that yeah right
um we have to eat chili powder a
spoonful daddy doesn't
oh yeah oh that's holy do it right away
are you guys doing about the same time
Oh Lionel Etem dad just smell oh my mom
just hit the Kirk with the Rosie the
Mercedes it's nice uh-huh okay here I'll
put a little more so they don't complain
oh there's a full full one now here dad
yeah me too yeah dad do it together
ready
you know just know you have to try to
eat it it's most likely gonna come
outside I just ready 3 2 1 go
oh oh oh my god don't spit on me Oh
oh my god you yeah all on your shoes go
grab some water there's literally come
on this way is it stuck island it's
stuck on your teeth oh my god that's
nasty
dad love it okay Hey look at me the
thing I didn't have to do that dear oh
my god I take my school senior picture
like this go oh my god new wait go get
water go get water
guys I'm not gonna miss any more shots
this whole game no more I'm letting them
all do the dare
fine multiply sing
oh I sanctions on hot one go go home go
down mm-hmm
Bosley yeah I think the last guy should
be we have to tell your father's ball
sack oh hey Boswell buzz it was your
look like that
wait yeah but we've added one beer to
the club the Brian looks in my nose guys
okay look at my shirt clean clean white
right if I make this eye and look it's
in my nose no no I was going to say the
another dares we have to sip from
Bosley's dog bowl yep okay god I ain't
kidding bro oh why do we have to take
this to extreme major oh my god we have
to clean this up to four cops arrest me
okay Brian you're shot and your pick for
the deer let me tell you all you have
left
raw egg get on your knees and fucking
eat the grass like a cow or drink water
from Bosley's boil water from ugly Bowl
okay Oh Lord
miss yes dad it's your turn now Oh bill
please no please no no please no I'm
talking to myself not to you please no
travel oh yes I swear everything's gonna
make it you got this
no hesitation no hesitation no basket
where's Jackie I need her for good luck
my motivation I'm the fucking lucky ass
bounce okay dad you can match it huh I
don't want to drink from Bosley's
fucking dirty ass you know dogs mouths
are actually cleaner than humans other
than the fact that ballsy literally
licks his own come Oh dad hold this
please Oh water baby let's go okay I'll
go first
and we have to swallow my little imitate
the dog Oh
okay guys in case you don't believe me
here lovely drink
he's not gonna drink but that is
Bosley's water yeah okay
go you're getting the worst the dog no
just drink it I want to be both you know
there's all like black shirt here just
fucking do it okay
who is good it is dad
just go like fish hey Bosley's breath is
fish just do it get it over with it's
water
there's hairs mustaches that's cute
that's cute okay here okay here come
closer
Oh Oh I would throw up - hey don't
spills water man that's his water come
on dad I fucking hate being a youtuber
no no here I take that it was walking
over him I think that my 1 million
subscribers speech everything I said
about it
you know dad this one might taste good
to you yeah no way
ha ha Bosley ready swallow again whoa
whoa you got probably got a lot yeah I
know he swollen stuff that wasn't dad
that's so nasty with aa look listen
pawsley are they crying about okay
Bosley now your turn oh now balls yes
right now balls yeah screaming water
fucking snake look know yeah yeah same
thing they're both reptiles look guys a
snake I think that's a boa constrictor
anaconda huh
okay Brian your choice raw egg or eating
the fucking grass like a okay dad okay
guys my camera seeing the temperatures
too high on the camera for right now so
look what I'm gonna put it I'm gonna put
in the
you're so cool down and mykc nice ah
okay maybe I should I leave on off in
the freezer ha ha ha all right raw egg
yes ready three in a row I go in draw
some eyes will eat the raw egg miss
that's right
okay dad your turn Jackie's making brine
nervously air bomb no no no no no no no
no no no no oh oh yeah the other camera
please don't make this ma'am oh that's
good
fuck I knew it I just knew it can god
damn it's fucking eggs are you kidding
me I'm off to show wait this is eating
it right yeah okay I was gonna say like
not to throw like this and catch it in
your book no mighty put fucking chisel
corn okay my dad slapped the lotion on
my hands with his dirt on his hand on
that man put the eggs in your mouth
ready
well you're good at go bright and face
face upward face upwards no spitting it
out well go right look up look up
look you didn't even swallow your pussy
are you dumb young man okay dad go okay
I swallowed everything I - oh no no no
you gotta eat and look upwards dad look
upwards yeah yeah like that go that good
crunch it what kind of shit it is they
didn't even swallow that shit that's
bullshit
okay so the only day I have left because
the ice one has to be last so the only
one I could choose is you guys have to
get on your hands and knees and eat the
grass like a brook Brian no oh my god
this is for getting on your hands and
knees and eating the grass like the
cattle you oh we have to go move that's
gonna be you and my dad all right fine
we're tuna roll for rewarded no that
makes it our own please subscribe to my
channel
my mother's eating the glass you're not
making it no excuses no excuses oh no oh
I look good I saw the little curve
Brendon just go just go don't mess me or
the tree of liberty nope oh come on
Brendan you're better than that okay
babe on side of haha okay dad this you
said this is Coby wait is this Coby 2016
or Kobe 2003 we'll find out in two
minutes I mean two seconds 2016 fuck you
white Devin Booker okay okay so let's
see who's let's see who gets to match to
redeem himself and not eat grass like a
cow that he is no piece of cow okay dad
come on
lotion what do you mean those either one
I still have the lotion stuck to my face
it's probably eating down on my beard
okay let's see okay most likely bran is
gonna be the cow he said and now right
oh god no no okay okay hey I want it to
be the cow anything grass okay and don't
forget you
Bosley look what you do you literally
just watch and laugh all day okay don't
forget to do the MU and then show your
tongue no first Brian first Brian this
isn't a herd it's a single cow
okay go look up and do move okay good oh
my god okay dad
my dad's the father cow what is my dad
do this for fun Bosley what's going on a
Bosley what's going on dad that's enough
okay lon
now I know might we come back the whole
lot of missing cuz my dad fuckin had
dinner someone last dare last shot
whoever gets this is the last one with
the ice cubes okay so whoever guys I'm
on a roll two in a row Brian recording
me brother
for the ice cream down our butt Buddha
please don't please please no his shoes
with no fucking laces give me a
countdown 5 4 3 2 1 oh no that's good
I fucking hate you I actually hate you
though I don't want to put ice down my
pants
oh wait that's a trying to call it ought
to be back
you're definitely having that one out
all right so door D myself Oh guys I
made three three days in the motor okay
let's do it
enough talk let's see the Schmidt Shmack
action right okay Brian imagine your
balloon is already small so the ice is
gonna shrink it my dad could afford the
ice ice is good for the soul let's go oh
I think you need to buy a new basketball
because this one hates you okay guys so
bruh water starts off get it wait I have
to make a joke bruh water starts off the
game ice cold and then he hits three in
a row to give the opponent some ice
we're without a voice oh yeah yeah right
there honey bunch
mmm full car brother thing Brian ran
away from home
I'm a beast rebel I know and you guys
have to show the vlogger but bool
adapted to see how shriveled they get
well only Brian not my dad
I wanted to get age restricted darn it
my dad said we can't show anything okay
we'll let the vet show the rook how it's
done yeah you can do it at the same time
this one yeah Brian
dad dad whatever your boxers my god my
dad yeah Brian crossed your legs like my
dad
now jiggle-jiggle oh whoa
okay that was a fail doesn't fail you
guys are trying not mine he got mine
okay let's end this video okay let's in
this video with where the fuck is
inviting all right here dad come find
your mind oh god damn it oh okay how do
you guys feel about being losers
ultimately I hit three shots well I
still taste the chili powder Ryan Garko
Ryan oh yeah so my dad's old my dad's
the biggest I was expected to take over
TV show most all over one evil mm-hmm
yeah the warrior is almost won Game
seven but other than that it's been
bobbing our Baba O'Riley mom Iraq I mean
my grandma yeah and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
that she was actually we need to do a
part two sometimes we meet but thank you
guys for participating and it's time to
clean up the outside peace out peace a
10 game hey balls well
wait Brian tell the vlog the good news
we're gonna shower together
my dad's gonna shower us yeah shower
with two friends which actually I called
your guards down with Jackie my dad and
Brian can shower together babe
