okay guys courtesy of my girlfriend
sleeping in my room I don't wake her up
make this video and my brother's set up
room okay
wait how do you turn these lights on
first of all God's good to see you again
today because already uploaded a blog
today so if you watch that it's gonna be
your second time super okay definitely
not like this
your second time seeing me oh my god
that's so bright so Oh Brian whack okay
hold on mmm this is good if only I was
standing up for this whole video I'm
gonna do it on that one hold up guys
wait a split second okay oh shit I'm
gonna use Bynes camera Stan - i'ma go
start this video with what's going on -
I saw here today iMovie guys
okay whoo I'm venting the other human I
can't even work this shit
whatever guys I'll record this fucking
video now hmm
okay guys fuck this shit I'm gonna make
this video more okay I've had enough oh
well oh I'm gonna get this stand right
great now the ceiling fan doesn't work
what the hell's going on with my life my
life's a failure Oh God what the fuck I
fucking hate this what the fuck I
fucking hate this okay you know what
no I'm not using the skin anymore hold
on okay I had my girlfriend migrate to
the lock now I could do it here let me
turn this off beyond scared straight
guys those people are such punks a
little kid that's weak okay start this
video the biggest fail of 2016 8 April
waters end do I look familiar because
this might be your second time seeing me
today I uploaded a vlog just a couple
hours ago
but I decided not wanting to double
upload and I'm gonna tell you guys why
changing my shirt really quick but um
let me tell you what first of all I
changed my shirt I went from a plain
white t-shirt to a plain white t-shirt
with a fucking silver line but anyways
let me tell you why I wanted to upload
today so I was like debating on whether
or not I should upload this video and I
was like you know what fuck you I'm
uploaded because let me tell you why so
first of all I'm gonna start by saying
that I never I never like to upload or
tweet about or Instagram when I do a
good deed so let's say um I there's a
hungry dude outside of a restaurant
begging for cash or baby for food and I
help them out I don't want to vlog it or
I don't want to tweet about it because
then what everybody assumes all you're
only doing it for the vlog you're only
doing it to protect your image to you
know to put out a better image of
yourself you're only doing it for views
or whatever you're only doing it for
likes you know people think that so I've
always shied away cuz I'm not gonna lie
and I'm not trying to be cocky but I do
a lot of good deeds I believe in on you
do good for people and the good comes
back to you so that I never vlog you
like no you're never gonna see me hey
guys what's going on Brittany aka
Wallace and today I helped a homeless
guy and I gave him 50
like I just don't do that but I wanted
to make this video here's why so I
thought about it and well first let me
tell you the story so you saw you know
me and Jackie were eating the pan
expressed downstairs what did we just
get panda we were not the only people
who enjoyed the Panda Express meal there
was another person not on my house but
here let me just keep going with the
stories so me and Jackie lead the Jamin
we get to Panda Express and there's a
dude standing outside I'd say like
middle-aged middle-aged dude I made 30s
I'd say early 30s and um you know he
looks pretty like clothes worn now and
just like really tired and stress and
he's that he's asking people for cash
and he asks the guy in front of me you
know do you have any cash I don't have
it in cash
and the guy in front of me goes no and
he just walks inside so the guy comes up
to me and he's like hey bro do you have
any cash you could spare me you know I'm
in need and I told him I said you know
what bro like I only have my card I
don't have any cash but if you tell me
what you want to eat like I'm right here
so I'll get you some food and he was
extremely thankful and he was like you
know he told me he wanted some rice and
like some chicken so I went ahead and I
got me and Jackie her food and then I
got him some rice chicken I also got him
some veggies and I got him a drink so he
didn't even ask for all that but I got a
friend because like I'm already there
and you know I give it to him and he's
he is like he was so thankful and yeah
put a smile on my face like here I'm not
here to say that but he was really
really thankful you know what he told me
and I love that he told me this because
this is what I believe he said I gave
him his food and when he saw that I got
him even more than what he asked for he
said I myself I cannot help you directly
I can't do good for you back but the
good will come back to you the good
karma will come back to you and I told
them I said I know I thought I believed
in that I believe in if you do good for
someone that good will come back to you
I'm not saying oh well in two weeks he's
gonna buy me a meal No
somewhat I mean it probably won't even
come from him I just believe in good
karma you do good for someone and
something good will happen to you but
that's beyond the point let me tell you
really quick let me just reiterate let
me repeat myself I did not want to make
this video I don't like to come out and
say that because it just comes out that
no matter how humble you say or no
matter how like non copier trying to
come off with a video like this or a
tweet that says you know I helped
somebody in need people are
automatically gonna jump - you're only
doing this for views you're only doing
this for likes but let me tell you the
reason I'm making this so you know I've
always shied away this isn't the first
time I've done something like this like
I said I'm not trying to brag I'm just
saying it how it is I want to speak the
truth in this video not the first time
I've done something like this I like
helping people out especially when
they're genuinely so thankful when when
someone does something for them you know
I've helped someone out who I help them
out and they'll be like like I don't
fucking care you help me out cool
but then there's people like him where I
help them out and extremely thankful but
this beyond the point let me tell you
why I wanted to make this video so you
guys know me you know all my vlogs
basketball you know my girlfriend I'm
super affectionate with her all my like
like my dirty jokes you know and then I
have people tweeting at me I got this
huge fan base that are so loyal to me
and I love you guys so much for it where
you guys do what I do like and I love it
you guys imitate me maybe there are some
youtubers who all my fans imitate me you
know they do what I do that's so like I
hate that I love that like like there
are legitimate fans who Oprah waters get
to hear again every week I want to get a
haircut every week and they'll send me a
picture of them getting the same haircut
as me
Oprah Wallace has I don't know these
have shoes I want to get these types of
shoes and they'll send me a picture
they'll buy those shoes just because I
bought them I don't know about this one
but Oprah wants make sounds a girlfriend
I want to go make out a girl I mean I
don't know if that's Samara but but they
do that and go like I'm lucky enough to
be in a position where people want to
imitate me and I love that I literally
love that when people do something just
because I've done it I'm just like thank
you so much that's so cool like again
I'm getting I'm getting too far away
from the point so my point is
if you know I play basketball every day
and that makes people want to play
basketball every day to be like me if I
buy shoes and that makes people want to
buy the same shoes to be like me or if I
do something wrong I guess by making out
my girlfriend and that makes people want
to make out with their girlfriend why
don't I say that I do a good deed and
then other people want to do good deeds
I just like it hit me I'm just like why
do I put out the things I do and I shy
away from putting me doing a good deed
out there when I know that I have the
power where people want to do things
that I do people want to imitate me and
again people might think oh like why
would you want people to copy you I
don't see that so he's copying me or
like paper wallets on my son saying just
cuz you are I don't see that as wow you
fuckin bandwagon no I see that that's so
cool that you like a team just because I
like them so here's my point and the
reason I just I thought about it why
haven't I been saying that I do good
deeds why haven't I made a video like
this and no I'm not gonna start making
videos like this I just want to let you
guys know listen I'm blessed I'm I'm
really really blessed to be put in a
position where I have the voice to be
able to change a lot of things no I'm
not the fucking president I don't have a
voice that changes the whole world no
I'm not a cop I don't say something and
everyone has to listen or else they
fucking get killed but I do have a
little a little bit of a louder voice
than a regular person so I want to use
that voice to do good I don't want to
use that voice to harm I don't want to
use that voice to attack I want to use
that voice to do good and if you've
heard me in previous blogs if you've
heard me in previous speeches I have
said I have said that I'm lucky enough
to be in a position where I have so many
people that look up to me and that look
at me like a role model and they get
influenced by what I do and I want to
take advantage of that and here's
exactly what I mean you guys want to be
like me go help someone else you guys
want to be like me go do a good deed if
you want to be like me by going to the
gym every day that's cool keep doing
that but I also do good deeds so you
want to be like me go do a good deed um
I just figured or a god sometimes you're
not vlogs I say oh I like to go and
wrong
and people tweet me haha hey bro Wallace
I like to go in wrong too
so why do I I mean I see now this is
just a joke but why do I put that out
there but I shy away from putting a good
deed that I did out there
so my point being is I've always said
like I said I'm lucky enough to be in a
position where I could change how people
think of things where I can get people
to listen to me because they respect me
and they look up to me as a role model
so I want to take advantage of that
no not take it to take advantage of it
like you do this and you do that but
take advantage of it to where people see
me do something in my life and they want
to do it to be like me so guess what I
just help somebody out and got them food
that's a good deed and I'm a firm
believer in doing good comes back to you
and listen let me say something really
quick so some people do not have the
money to help someone out financially
you know someone's asking you for money
and they say you know I'm really hungry
can you help me and you say oh robot is
said to do a good deed but I don't have
any money honestly you don't have any
money that's fine not everybody's
fortunate enough to help with money so
just tell them be like hey you know I
don't have any money to help your now
but god bless and good luck finding
someone like don't just say no I don't
have any money
or like that so some people like a 10
dollar meal a panda is is a lot and just
some people $10 just fucking change so
I'm not saying you have to do it with
money that's not the main part if you
could help out money-wise if you could
help out with food that's do it if not
honestly even being nice to them I'm
sure they'd rather have a oh no I'm so
sorry but you know I'll help you find
someone or no I'm so sorry but good luck
finding someone that could help you
rather than a no don't talk to me so
again my point to end this video I
apologize if you guys were expecting
like a you know entertainment video of
me fucking vlogging or playing golf or
something this is not that type of video
and again let me repeat I did not want
to make this video I've never wanted to
if you look back on my channel I've
never made a video like this and I've
never tweeted about oh I just help this
guy out today I just helped the homeless
today I didn't I've never tweeted about
there anything but I just thought about
and I'm just like if so many people do
what I do and some of the
that I do art I don't want to say bad
but they're not the smartest things to
do and people still imitate them why not
say this and then maybe you guys can
imitate me that way good deeds come
around doing good comes back to you so
um I just want to share that little
story that was just one small example of
just something that happened randomly
and I hope you guys seen as a way to
where you guys can maybe I'm not saying
change someone's life but maybe just do
a small little good deed it doesn't hurt
to do something like that once in a
while honestly it makes you feel good
about yourself in bosley one more time
oh my god honestly like when I do so I
don't know about you guys but when I do
a good deed when I do something like
that it makes me feel like it just makes
me feel so pure like it's like I
released and I'm just okay fine this
isn't let me do it to make jokes but it
just makes me feel so good about myself
like I don't know about you guys but
it's just like after I did that I'm just
like I just it genuinely makes me happy
to do something like that for people so
but wat suan thank you so much for
watching and like I've said before my
vlogs I'm put in a position where I have
over 1 million 30,000 people that
watched me and a lot of them look up to
me and a lot of them look at me as a
role model and a lot of them want to do
what I do so I'm gonna use my voice to
do good I'm gonna take advantage of the
position I've been Pitt put in to to try
to change some things to be better I'm
not I can't change the whole world but I
could try and it starts with something
as small as this so guys if you want to
be like me I just did a good deed so why
don't you guys try to do that too but
watch long thank you so much for
watching like I said if I can influence
people oh you know I I'm freakin going
wrong because bro Wallace says why don't
you change that to oh you know I just
helped a guy in need we needed food and
you were starving because bruh Wallace
did YouTube also why don't you ever do
anything good it's not illegal for you
to do a good deed I mean you eat here
for free you sleep for free you don't
pay rent you don't pay phone bill
electricity water you don't do nothing
all you do is sleep and eat you can't go
out and help someone in need you can't
go out and do something good for
yourself waiting and end up heaven or
hell yeah see you think God's gonna look
at everything you've done in your life
and say okay and open you know get to
heaven
come on buzzing now's the time to
straighten up your life and it all
starts today yeah okay you know I feel
like Bosley pink sometimes you get
special privileges just cuz he's fat
Bosley doesn't work like that bro we're
all human or actually whatever you are I
know you're not a dog because you don't
act like one
well you still cute so it's okay Bugsy
okay go to sleep go to sleep
