I got this guy's so man Jack you you
know how I know my little shrimpy doctor
huh
you know how we always go to Applebee's
well we finally came to Chili's for once
we've never been to choose life and look
what we did we ordered this same exact
thing that we get Applebee's just chill
fries steak mashed potatoes
and she got the pasta and now we're
gonna split
we're doing the same things you can use
over pasta oh you're adding chicken this
time what did i do so good to you today
I get chicken okay can translate like I
said we both get different ones and we
should we split it so we get the best of
both worlds I'm waiting on my plate
thanks babe
oh we need two extra plates now this is
super Petty and here's my rant the clips
from my snapchat story that you guys
probably saw of the guy because this
guy's my dude playing his guitar and
singing so fucking out of the middle of
Chili's like this is not this is live
literally so drunk and all the drunk
people around them are hyping him up for
no fucking reason one time I take Jackie
out to eat a one time and we fucking
drunkest bug screaming plain-spoken
guitars Bon Jovi guys on the plus side
he sounds like Billy Ray Cyrus you know
Hannah Montana's dad Billy Ray Cyrus
actually so handsome god I get in one
argument jacket to an argument my voice
is gone he's been fucking up screaming
singing for three hours and says the guy
who
I'm still playing look all I have to say
is I never take Jackie love okay we
usually just chill in bed we stay in bed
the one time I take her out there's a
guy literally playing this fucking
guitar look that is not the music from
the restaurant there's a guy sitting
playing his guitar and he's so drunk and
all the drunk people are hyping him up
and yeah and patting him on the back
oh no I all I have to say oh my god what
did you do to my hair you told me to fix
it um yeah I just don't know what's
going on so all I have to say is I get
in one argument with Jackie just one
like a 2/3 man argument and my voice in
the bed like for two days I can't yeah
yeah yeah maybe because I yell but she's
latina so she forcing my gosh yeah you
do you just forgot her eyebrows you
could tell her attitude when we argue is
like this like that yeah show them your
face when we argue
yeah and you know me not you guys I just
told him right now actually that I'm
waiting to go watch his videos can
either watch them for a while just I
could be fun I could text him it what is
this explain guys Patti didn't let me
finish my joke my joke was right again
arguments you look like a telly w yeah
you do look like a Teletubby oh I need
got a wool sock coming at me never work
no matter who try I got him on a check
without the wheel yeah my joke was that
I literally argue with Jack for two
minutes my voice is gone motherfucker
has been singing for three hours and he
saw his voice full
just in case you'd understand I repeat
this is not coming from the restaurant
there's a guy sitting right there with a
damn guitar is he hooked up to like a
AMD and whatever folks call them yeah it
started now they're all the drunk people
are singing guys love Jackie hates me
look I make her order the soda and then
I stick my straw in and then I drink
from
Sweet Home Alabama what song do I know
by the future you know now he could keep
singing when he says that okay what
would you do if I finish your soda guys
she doesn't share her food or dream guys
look Oh Atta girl give a pat on the back
for covering up without me say anything
anyways look I'm about to prepare Jackie
a special Brandon bite that's how you go
out with your boyfriend but how do you
go at home with your boyfriend
I'm coming
okay there's a brand and bite get a
piece of steak I already cut it hold on
bill probably some mashed potatoes with
the steak mashed potatoes and steak big
here
I know the talk is a good
oh no you can't see from here
Brian guess what they're doing what
they're messing with the triangle
construction workers the halfcourt
triangle I swear I haven't asked I said
what are you doing today don't worry the
streets aren't gonna be closed off
what does a triangle mean to us our
child it's a the triangle was the home
of all dares a half court of our muscle
I'll show you guys when I go to the gym
look I'm about to leave right that they
can't we need to start a petition like
ones that can call you and they're gonna
take down the tree and Arwen sat tried
to fuck Kerry Martin on the book branch
guys there there's like a it's like a
fucking don't mess with me I'm trying to
fuck a Martin on the tree of liberty no
I'll show you guys what I mean when I go
to the gym guys is Jackie the best
girlfriend ever I just woke up from a
nap right now and I couldn't find her
and look I see her look hold on she's
literally cleaning my whole car I
literally wake up to see her cleaning my
car nobody asked you to do a nobody
forced her she literally just got up and
clean my car after changing all the
trash bags in the house I fucking love
her I swear
this smells like throw-up
she found a taco kinda fucking melted
taco in my car oh wait look she got the
towel and everything this phrase that
what are you doing but I walk out - it's
cleaning babe what are you doing look
she got the tools and everything pinning
the seeds the vacuum hey Boswell guys
now she's protecting my leather she says
guys trust me I would have helped but I
already know what's gonna happen if I
try to help she's gonna say baby never
do anything right why'd he even help me
you guys so really quick so I made sure
they didn't take the triangle it's away
early yet Brian
I drove too far so when I looked on the
floor I thought they painted over Algona
column City but I didn't know it was
Lisa what the hell did they do I don't
know but he unscrewed the fucking truck
oh hello guys my brother look that
triangle our to show them earlier you
went up to her yeah no it's from my car
but no I pulled up over there because
what in the triangle farther so I own I
didn't say you're gonna be through yet
guys we used to like that triangle was
like every time we needed to settle okay
every time we started a game with like
our friends that would be the jump ball
every time we needed to settle something
like who would get to go in the bathroom
to jack off okay well should we're
shooting from the choice yeah like like
every time I get rings likes to leave in
a dry day just everything and like the
triangle seems closed now but when we
were kids we were weak like we're
Brian's still weak right now that used
to be so far so we dug okay if I make
you from a triangle you have to like bah
bah bah so when I saw they were like
doing something - I had to ask - I'm not
like this for fun shooting around why
don't you come to the gym we got a lot
of runs in a lot of
I was out I was I'm sure okay I go every
single day why don't you go
it is my skin yeah yeah yeah guys so the
triangle still lives on because we have
a serious dilemma right now so question
I asked Jackie was babe when we move out
whenever that may be
whether it's sometime soon or sometime
far in the future who knows but when we
move out what would you like for me to
change her first answer was your whole
life or she said the way you fucking are
whatever you said but I told her to
break it down I could go into tighter
the camera I okay so I'm asking the same
question when we move out
I immediately those things quicker I
feel like you say like oh I need to
finish doing this and you don't do it
well let's give them an example when did
I say I was gonna go take a shower
three hours ago three hours ago and I
still keep silent when I ask you for
something I need you to do it like okay
let's say in the bathroom breaks I can't
have you I can't have you taking thanks
dude it's a one year ago yes you need to
fix it I would share mine and it's his
car for how long
looks like I need to go get the tire
pressure okay that's important see all
she wants to do is argue with me no I
just want you to get your things done
and she said that when we have a baby
she's gonna force me to wear the thing
where I hold the baby like this I'm on
the guy from The Hangover my team good
I'll make a share of you and she doesn't
let me pet the baby
you can't pet the baby okay baby yeah
well then I go good good oh my god can I
say do you want to try that each other
baby feeding why I want you to go I want
to get you involved in baby mama drama
oh okay so now you want me to go shower
oh oh wow three years later okay you
come show me and I'll go she'll be here
right no Brian do you want to try with
me yeah I'm a camera flash yours Oh
cereal yeah bronze apparel we
traditionally it's just a plain weekend
good boy good boy Brian okay so should I
go shower try go shower you have
to motivate me to let make me go take a
yeah okay that's obviously not
motivation you have to motivate me to go
make me take a quick shower
yeah but often know like is this what I
need a wink and then the you know after
the link you know when you go whatever
fuck okay I wanna go take a shower I'm
gonna go take a shower do it okay well
you never ask me what I want you to
change when we move out okay
oh you're perfect okay well first you
never cook for me okay because you
complain about everything even know like
actually I told Bob if he ever wants me
to cook for him and he goes yeah I just
like rather have food from outside like
it's just like maybe because you spit in
my food when I'm not looking
yeah you do you go like that you say
babe would you like some mashed potatoes
and I say yeah please and what I'm not
looking to go home member that time you
did this so first time they need you to
cook for me without spitting in my food
then I'm gonna need you to stop asking
me for kisses you always say what you're
the babe I want kiss okay well if you
were nice to me for free without me
asking no no what kisses for lies
okay we'll notice how only had like
three things to say about you and here
you go oh yeah thanks so much add that
the camera is going to learn how to char
me how I like for you to let me pimp you
and then we could
you know what that means no and I'd like
for you to wear matching socks pampy
will me slowly sell you to other guys
I just told me you want me to be your
baby mama ward that's why that may be
baby mama drama asshole okay guys so
we're actually gonna show you what we
mean about what Brian Bailey show you
what we mean about our childhood and how
I thought it was actually ruined when I
saw them I thought they were painting
over the triangle but it turns out they
were just fixing triangles still there
we're gonna show you what you mean so
this would be our whole childhood guys
we'd actually like you know how when we
always talk about all the fans coming to
our house and everyone says you I should
just move you know the only reason we
haven't moved is because of the triangle
like the triangle Allegiance
we're like I know there's another
triangle yeah no it's not the same there
can't ever be a triangle okay I'm just
kidding guys we're not we didn't
actually say in this house just cuz of
the triangle well I did I don't know
about the family but yeah guys Oh
actually the good part about this video
we're just doing one shot one clip right
now we're actually going to be making a
full video called the Dare game video
and that should be up honestly if not
tomorrow latest in a couple of days
where me my brother and my dad Brian
Bosley fucking run where's all the way
there
Oh a car a car wait just pick this one
over all the car the engine well what I
need vlog footage why oh yeah guys so if
you enjoyed this little clip of a dare
just know that either tomorrow in a
couple of days we're gonna actually be
doing a whole video called the dare game
video Brian just take a shot from the
triangle right now wait first let's show
them so here is the triangle yes so when
I look Brian doesn't it look like the
monument trying on you me Floyd Ron
there's actually so close when we were
kids when we actually we had to run yeah
ah yeah but yeah I saw the guy uh fixing
and I'm just like excuse me sir
what the fuck you think you do just
mention that it's also a hundred degrees
out right yeah it's actually focal
Brandon okay wait Ryan so just for this
clip like I said there's gonna be a
whole video coming out so we don't want
to spoil too much we're just going to be
recording that today but we're gonna
take a shot Brian I say loser just has
to get like spanked on the ass okay so
now see that's the day we would do this
when we were
kids exactly that we would like get on
get on even lick the floor yeah we would
actually do that Brian you wonder why we
grew up so fucking no I know
well you're okay but me I'm on another
level yeah but on a whole nother level
than me which already starts at idiot
for me
but anyway so now we shoo and whoever
pretty much makes it if Brian makes it
first I got a chance to match do we both
would impede oddly shut up okay Brian
you can go take a warm-up no nothing no
warm-up no nothing triangle dare my turn
so loser I mean the one who makes
against lab the guy that oughta stop my
dad's Oh to air balls I think we can cut
that out okay let's pretend our next
ones our first one hey guys my first
shot guys first oh the chase is on with
my dad and Bosley get him dad get him
okay go oh oh oh oh dad Brian he did on
purpose dad we're gonna do the game
after me and Brian you're not gonna make
it man
travel whoo really wait can they see ah
that was weak I'm usually I'm usually
not on the recipient end of the ass
slapping Jackie's actually upstairs
speaking of that so yeah guys so tune in
either tomorrow and a couple of days
we're about to start this video
ourselves it's gonna be a dare game
triangle basketball shot
face upwards no spitting it out boy go
right look up my look up guess what
right why does my mom act like she cooks
about a spices it would be diverging
meats it says it's heart healthy away if
it's hard a healthy that's not a deer
like I would drink that for dinner like
with my meal smells good too does they
try it well I'm not gonna try why not is
that our health but let me ask my mama
question Mon why do we have so many
spices if you don't even cook for us
like we have so many spices as if you
actually cook food fine you do oh my god
just look guys Jackie's actually
cheating on you with my mom look or
they're going through my room they're
both trying to catch me cheating hey
what are you guys doing what are you
guys doing no babe I was recording this
episode cops look what if they find that
old lady's oh no mom you'd be surprised
I'm pretty sure that old lady was a male
transgender prostitute from all the cops
I've seen weird that shit what did you
think from what you saw was it crazy
yeah gosh you're so funny
there's my self-promoter was it funny do
you think people should watch it ah I
think everyone should watch wow what a
great Wow my girlfriend she had such a
good view from here no yeah no I
actually was laughing really hard I was
turning snapchatting Lily remember not
behind the scenes of course she was
laughing at me I was like this way ah
god this show literally is it like a
haunted house like look it's like it's a
haunted house and the ones in the orange
are the fucking scary people
I swear look it's like a haunted house
in the piece the inmates are the fuckin
like people that scare you guys all
these kids
I don't care they're fucking pieces of
shit like all the ones that go there
literally like Jimmy I'm 12 years old
and I smoke weed and I steal and I cuss
at my fucking parents I'm like bitch
you're barely old enough to bathe
yourself and your fucking oh I fucking
steal and do all this and then they all
before they come they're all like yeah
focus focus and then they get to the gym
they start crying so funny
but isn't this then I'm 10 years old and
I smoke weed and steal for my fucking
parents and I fucking in my parents cuz
I'm literally a monkey protecting my
territory latching onto a tree are you
seriously say are you four are you
serious yes I'm for serious
oh no baby you speak really good English
I don't know why they would make fun of
it I know that's not nice this is such a
comfy resting spot yeah I use it as a
pillows what what is going on with water
pricing
it's right tubbo guys someone saved me
I'm gonna start a GoFundMe for myself
because I now pay the water bill of the
house
courtesy of my parents I now pay the
water bill and take three showers in one
day
I took three showers today each of them
I take 10 to 15 minutes then I
remembered I pay the fucking water bill
on shutted water off so fast guys Jackie
gave Bosley a new name
you are the Gopher Bosley's right now
what's his new name huh what's his new
name gordito hey Dorito gordito whatever
it's called does I mean fat ass
okay I'll call them that gordito hey
gordito Dorito chip they look like a
Teletubby crackhead okay look how long
have we been getting ready for it like
you're tying your shoes between the
jacket on I'm trying to tie my thing how
long has it been like yeah guys you know
we're getting ready we're about to go to
eat but we're about to go to challenge
we're Botticelli's and I'm I think we're
the only couple we're literally trying
to get ready and taking this long and
look how we end up possible shoots and
I'm fucking sure that I go to sleep in
is even something legging than my
fucking hoodie and we've been getting
ready for so long just to look like this
hey oh we you yell at me
so yeah guys it takes time it takes time
to look like this let's go that's the
magic question should I put socks on or
no okay I'm not gonna go to a restaurant
without socks they're gonna kick me out
they're gonna say what the fuck's wrong
with you bitch even though I shower
three times today okay guys how weird is
this look on bro wadis for the first
time in I'd say like five or six years I
am bro honest fine do you notice
anything different about me
you're short no you're sure
huh fuck adidas sucks look I'm wearing
to eat as much here we go oh my god you
know so I can show you guys I can't do
it alone in Chinese I don't mom were
about to go to Chili's you guys pay laws
well shut the fuck up bitch oh sorry I'm
talking to him
I'll call it my organ Brian's literally
eating soup trying to call on his order
from Chili's the guy's org God we're
back at it I just told her move the coke
in the middle I could be there and then
you don't you don't care when I eat
drink the coke while you're eating hot
sauce all gosh yes I'm not eating I know
I thought she had food I could do
whatever I want
the paranoia is a boy I shall always say
why we got here I actually made my life
literally only go to two restaurant
Chili's or a poppy that's it I've been
here like six times this is our second
time Chili's or Applebee's okay okay but
I'm retiring from Applebee's because of
the service the service is so bad
great you're wrong why would I get my
own we could share with a couple you get
you our meal - we don't have to get to
knows any more we can just share you
know I am like ie it's so weird it's so
quiet without the guitar guy just look
it's so calm and such a good environment
see this is a normal Chili's day you
don't hear the wound Billy Ray Cyrus
fucking playing in the background all we
hear is I love America that's the song
maybe a kid are you
God look what I always try to force my
girlfriend to do and she doesn't do it
come on just do it do it do it do it why
thank you're such a baby just try it do
it do it do it
I make her eat all the hot do it do it I
show them the smoke coming out but eat
it eat it I know guys look at the
challenge every time home food comes out
you have to eat it right away without
blowing on it okay fine I'll do it babe
into the drink no actually I swear you
could have said no that's a challenge
every time we go to a restaurant
neighbors on IV good please show them
the smoke sure the you guys can see the
smoke but the challenge every time how
food comes out you have to eat it right
away and she always fails the challenge
