got this oh god you know Simon just
finished editing my videos rendering in
um so I got me some jack-in-the-box I
starred Oh breakfast some tacos in the
bag and then I saw something it bothers
me because I don't like lawyers you know
I I don't like lawyers
so see something here says we don't make
it till you order it first of all
jack-in-the-box you do not make the food
the shit's made ok I'm not stupid second
here let me let me fix that for you they
got the M right it starts with an M
there now I fix I'm out to start a
petition to a shamble drop my camera
I'll have to start a petition to change
all their rappers like this we don't
microwave it till you order it there we
go Jack and then we got this chicken
sandwich drive-thru custom order you
already know what the custom order is
chicken sandwich with cheese what kind
of cheese American cheese
give this to my boy Ollie at the gym
shoutouts about shoutouts the
breathalyzer squad we in the
motherfucker Hilton so oh my god oh my
god I was looking for though we don't
make it till you order words on the taco
wrapper if I saw them on the talk I
would have lost it the toggle just look
at the shape this is the fakest it's
faker than Taco Bell at least talk about
uses like horse cum or whatever this is
just not even like I don't know if they
said we don't make till the order on the
taco out of lost I'll call talk about or
I'll call a jack-in-the-box right now
fucking loss but oh my god it tastes so
good though taco taste so good
especially with ranch mmm
I love Jack on Bosh you know Jacqueline
box one of those it's up it's a hit or
miss there's no like no it's okay no
it's either one day you get it tastes
like you just want to throw up and you
came and sleep good but or you get in
your oh shit is so good like there's no
middle ground for Jack
mmm I'm acting on a down on the
basketball court at the gym it's not
healthy to eat before you're about to go
play two or three hours of basketball
come on hell you know I can't go to the
gym talk to all of you sink right now
brush my teeth I guess one thing I'll be
seeing Jackie alright that's final don't
brush my teeth I'm be seeing all of you
God
clean up Rowley Brian and look like
Hector six okay guys let me get some
Brian weighs a healthy pre gym snack
I'll grab to grab one before the gym
I don't like strawberry tie-dye down
with my favorite by boswell yeah guys in
case in understanding solid brush my
teeth said like you know pump from
seeing Jackie you know like it's fine a
jack-in-the-box on brush my teeth I'll
be seeing all Lee right
so you already know I gotta get that pre
gym carbs region protein so we have one
myself of these so much energy in
protein like honestly eating one of
these is pretty much equivalent to like
a whole workouts honest I don't need me
to work out when I eat one of these as
well I did it all right yes you got the
sour punch straws protein like 80 80
grams of protein right here I know Jah
woman come on guys so speaking of all
the he actually loves something in our
car the other day we were hanging up
first of all speaking of all look at
this
and look what he left in my car like why
and pink towards its pink of them I
always said thank you it's fine now I
needed applause thank you but uh oh yeah
so you know I I showed you guys my
protein packed breakfast from my energy
before the gym got Jackie's filled with
carbs and protein so good it's so
healthy right before the gym see we do
it right this is what I had before are
you for serious and you're never alone
it's called fruit roll-up you never did
trust me so come on guys okay stop over
tell them right now
I actually hate you I know I hate thank
you no God listen to this so last night
I'm we're just like in my room like you
know the usual just hanging out or
whatever and Jackie's like on her phone
and she's all mad and you know me like
taking over her phones trying to go you
know me that's right yeah so I look over
phone she's literally on YouTube looking
up videos like how did it's like how to
find out if my boyfriend of the cheater
how to catch my boyfriend cheating
and I said I said Nadia fucking Google
first of all yeah hey YouTube and I said
honestly what the fuck is wrong with you
so like you know she's all mad and stuff
and you know we go out to eat is still
talking about it first of all what did
you say that number one yes they have a
YouTube channel
cheater says if they have a YouTube
channel cheaters no it does not channel
cheaters especially when it says no at
first it like that's like in the first
video
she said the number one sign of all
youtubers cheese
she said the number one sign of finding
a cheaters if he has a YouTube channel
so then you know it's all done the way
she goes home I go to sleep and I wake
up what it's cool and I wake up uh and
so I text her good morning and she
fucking goes crazy on me now the dream
that she had I swear my dream was
happening as he was texting me because
he sends me like 300 messages so it was
like okay no he says me too personal
dick okay hey I said you dig yeah
like Jamie while he's texting me now
wake up and I was so fucking heated she
went off on me
and and I I said this is why you don't
look up how to catch a boyfriend
cheating right before you fucking go to
sleep because what do you expect to
drink there's a lot of videos though
okay
yeah do they have how to catch a lefty
no way I've already called you like ten
times okay I wake up to getting chewed
out because she had a dream that I
cheated on her just so yeah girls before
you go to bed don't look up on YouTube
don't watch videos of how to get your
boyfriend cheating yeah yeah just wait
enough just to get missing
yeah its way though just to go missing
yeah I don't care playing basketball
don't come near me you go doing your
workout yeah hope your ankle works okay
we'll see you pays a medical bill one my
ankle breaks okay no now you care okay
god I'm on my way to the gym
point moral of the story is why do you
think me do the gym because you tell me
look guys
she legitimately says this words from
her mouth yeah yeah what she says she
says babe i'm struggling just like your
lazy ass always says no i don't want to
go anymore and then she says she says
babe you have to force me even if I say
no just force me to go so I fucking
fortune to go babe you're so mean to me
why you'll even go to gym my god okay I
changed the cell vanity actually made
the hole that the new moral of the story
is not I don't look up how to find your
boyfriend cheating look the moral of the
story is just don't get a girlfriend
like don't have a girlfriend
that's the moral of my whole life
actually it's okay if you haven't if she
has a round head without sexy Rihanna
round head as you that's all time we
were saying you were gonna like say some
hard ice or something like love she's so
cute and I did I said around head ass
yeah it's the same thing okay
okay we need to go to a gym my arm is
tired from holding the camera come on
did you hear that lyrics you don't want
the palm of I know guys the complainer
has another complaint how did you get
your license who gave you your license
yeah cause you're about to kill me you
about to hit three cars of the way you
know result like ten not three okay
no but like okay but why do you have to
like hate on me just be proud of my
success I got my license hey yeah I just
want to know yeah you like what are you
dead I know they probably just gave me
like my license to kill me because I
honestly don't know how I have my
license if a car pulls me over and I'm
on call absentee right now right now
right now you're really driving it cuz
it's gonna make you late so you don't
need a fucking cops s checking out your
license and registration
I'm gonna say sir I have my license but
honestly I shouldn't so if you want to
just arrest me do it now you act it
would be so scared I know you know I'll
taste of car yeah okay you just have to
be cool them in the nigger arrest
not now let me say so bro yeah okay just
wait to get fucking mad at you know that
they think you're cool and they be
friends with you in a second hop I know
she fucking text me saying I wanna beat
you up
first of all it's not a bat it's a baton
oh my god okay you're walking to the gym
I'm gonna fuck super far I could walk no
problem but you're not healthy
this is you won't make it to the gym you
were on the nerves I couldn't tell me
that to watch room my house yeah she
said God dang I'd say because my
brother's car is broken please you see
mine to go to work and stuff and of
course I asked him for a variety no you
didn't you said you said my brother has
my car and I said oh how FAR's is a gym
a long walk from your house hmm God you
would expect her to be in there yeah
their hell are gonna judge you fucking
start with God you would expect the
opposite with a sexy body like Jackie
you expect she's so fit and healthy but
I always see her on the treadmill like
this with a cherry tomato face so I
don't know how she keeps her body but
actually in the middle of it yeah it's
small
yeah okay time ago for the basketball
I'm gonna link up with alia okay now is
the time I'm letting her go like you
know you know when the bird when the
mother bird they get old enough
log footage you know when the mother
bird sees like when they stop feeding
them through the mouth and they see
their bird gets old enough to fly I'm
letting Jackie go off into the go yeah
go into the wild what your are you gonna
play basketball
oh you can post me up I'll blow your
shit up through yes here now you could
post me up and back me down come on man
you can be putting me on the path like
that I'll put on blush the Sun I'm not
meant for the two bro we've got meant
for the camera oh we got we play the
Warriors third game of the season so you
guys start on yeah so if you got started
- I know I'm talking about that right
now should be big market team now so
your warriors probably start two and one
you in the first two and then my temple
Phoenix
he's got PJ Tucker shutdown Kevin Durant
oh wow
oh you guys don't have Boca and Barnes
ignore those here oh yeah they didn't
get your Bill Murray a meeting champion
I mean they got you guys got MVPs all
over you got Cadiz Steph and then Jamil
Shaq in the for MVP yeah they got MVPs
over you guys with the new Thomas all
good a warrior hey get some comfortable
man you never know you know me I'm not a
warriors fan I don't care but they're
waiting the championships okay okay
eyes closed just when we in the building
shut up
are you going to be purchasing a brew
water superior yes I want 200 t-shirts
200 ml 200 oh I don't know if they make
them triple egg and just needs to fit my
chest it's a little bit big right here
but right here I'm gonna sound like true
love a good eye reading the building
shadows I suppose just swinging and
shout out we hear shout a wider screen
the building guys so we were gonna make
we're gonna make t-shirts that say shout
out to the bro allotted squad but all he
demanded ninety nine one demanded nated
he demanded ninety-nine percent of the
money so I said no now we're not money
is nothing guys Jackie accidentally left
her store don't know if you accidentally
but she left her Starbucks in my car the
whole time we were out the gym like
we're here like over two hours and now
she said she was smiling after her
workout what did you say I can't wait
for my side of it she says she can't
wait for a Sawbuck I said baby you're
not drinking it look at this shit look
so sweaty
it's a Maori and to me but you would
still do me so it doesn't matter I've
got look this was coffee babe no that's
no Kay go I'm not coming to your funeral
it's so so good no it's not look at the
colour that is not coffee it looks like
green tea now before no I did not darker
exactly okay babe whatever just go stop
crying
guys she's mad because I hit the coffee
over there look at this she was drinking
this this was coffee it literally looks
like tea aha your name is Joseph I'm
dating Joseph Brandon and Joseph bro Joe
broseph
okay here drink it when you end up at
the vet I'm not gonna come fucking a
difference well I'm not gonna bail you
out of the vet my stash is so dirty yeah
like your life ask me why I'm at Carl's
jr. and no it's not for food it's
because I played over two hours of
basketball and I didn't drink any water
and on the way to drop Jackie back home
I'm fucking dying of thirst see
something I have I know can I get a
Powerade light on the ice what medium
okay
god I'm so thirsty next to my girlfriend
I'm so thirsty for her I had to I had to
pull up your skin and Jamie guys I
wasn't fucking drinking any water I was
playing on I couldn't even make it to
Jamie hold on what did you just say
start eating healthy oh I'm sorry
anything okay now everyone like this I
just start eating healthy so I named
myself yeah okay guys hold on forward to
the middle watch it fast-forward to the
middle
okay pause it guys if you're wondering
why the hell Jarl and Ashanti I just had
fun to play it they're coming to concert
in San Diego while they're performing so
that I already got my ticket right I
love Jarvan oh I actually have to check
my calendar to make sure like are we in
2005 I know what it is like ten years
there ten years - wait first of all JA
rules like 45 years old they have it I
don't know that shit's funny I used to
love Donald ashanti and my brother told
me to come to San Diego and I'm just
like hold on what what date like what
yearly in 2005 like I appreciate them
coming down but it's a decade too late
but of course my brother lives in the
past his fucking going he said he's
gonna shower with um hey Boswell my
brother he is gonna shower listening to
Joe album Brian D and I used to love Joe
rule
he was my background cuz ja rule was
literally my laptop wallpaper Brian let
me guess fucking Nelly and Gwen Stefani
and fucking Fat Joe all gonna be there
too huh Nelly Furtado fucking jail Oh
Bosley don't come down Bosley no dad
where am I going right now
and I just almost trip to the where Jim
and what's wrong with me you have a
headache
God you heard it you heard it right and
no this isn't too different vlogs this
is in two different days because I was
at the gym earlier today I've logged it
I'm going back to the gym the second
time all that I have literally the worst
headache yeah so you might think I'm
combining two different days in one vlog
I'm not I was at the gym earlier today
me and Jackie was hanging out she got
called in not to work but to do
something for her work she got called in
for X island extra pay all no so I told
her go do it obviously extra money so
and I'm bored like Ali's having this
thing at his house and it's like only
family Jordans out so I'm like you know
what I'm gonna go back to the gym so
about to go back got my shoes on but I
have honestly the world's worst headache
Bosley that I'm going yeah guys I tried
to sleep it off and I'm just like no the
shit hurts it's honestly one of my worse
it might be a migraine it's one of my
worst headaches and months I swear so I
need to take a couple of these I had
somewhere in my car
excedrin migraine you already know the
pop sums and pop some xanax right now
I'm just joking it's excedrin oh yeah
I'm going to the gym I'm bored I don't
know if I'm a little play ball I don't
care I'm gonna go play some ball James
two-a-days two times a day I love
basketball I need to go guys like you
know the headaches where you literally
actually feel like bro I can't see
anything
but like you know the headaches where
you can actually literally feel the
throbbing like right here you feel it
pounding that's what I have right now
like I said I tried to sleep but I just
can't take naps like I could never sleep
during the day guys I hate myself I used
to live so much more I used to lift like
five six times a week and now I fucking
hate lifting like I used to hate lifting
but I'll force myself to do I will
myself I'll be motivated now I hate
lifting and and like I'm so mad at
myself I don't force myself to do
anymore I just played too much
basketball before I would balance it out
play basketball and then still make time
for lifting and I never liked it but I
would just force myself out I would look
at how skinny I was and I would use that
as motivation to get a little bigger and
now I think it's cuz I have a girlfriend
so I'm already like you know what I
already get to play in bed so like but
no I just I hate myself
I used to force myself to live now I
look at the basketball court I'm just
like oh well time to play ball it makes
me lose so much muscle because I play so
much ball I run so much my new year's
resolution in fucking made August my New
Year's resolution is to start lifting
again consistently I still lift
sometimes but I need to start lifting
consistently look at this fuck is this
no muscle like
come on Brandon come on for what is that
mine guys you want to see me be a
hypocrite really quick watch so what was
I telling Jackie after the gym not to do
what what look oh my god
why would I do that it's like six more
hours later than fucking before
wait am i the best player cuz your head
in your head how close was I not bad for
coming already been here earlier and
coming back I will say this he's a good
kid good player played good defense
well my dear stood as I'm just too good
god I love Boston my old best friend is
his brother I'm 12 brother now they
don't really know swap but he went to
Irvine my old best friend in high school
he goes to UC Irvine is his brother bass
so guys know we played what three or
four games 21 so I played like my two
hours of basketball now I'm wasting bro
I've been at the gym today for three
hours like two or three hours earlier in
the morning toward the hours now like
almost six hours total today I'm dying
god it's like 10:30 right now just now
leaving the gym guys is how you know I
love basketball there's I know I got a
passion for basketball I got that fat
ass headache earlier really bad headache
worst one in a while so you would expect
going to play basketball you know
running back and forth and sweating and
getting hand everything you were
expected to get worse
no I play basketball I feel son I feel
so much better just from playing
basketball I love that sport wait first
of all what did you tell me just now
what like when I came back from the gym
what's your video for tomorrow no Brian
you from anyway weren't you just at the
gym this one yeah what two times today
good we could think you guy on calls
literally no fucking gorilla suit then
how long has coming on oh god it's a
marathon look at the time fucking been
like 7 hours of cop there's even a new
episode you love the show who loves me
more than the show can you give me back
massage if I turn the camera on
why but I gave you about massaging my
tongue three hours I can't my tongue
would run on a saliva fight come on
we didn't pay for nothing oh my god quit
oh so horny he's me oh oh oh it's a
fight
oh my god Baz is a fucking Oh wisely
tails Bosley know where Bosley oh my god
Oh Bosley just waiting for the Oh Bosley
No
what did we just get we got Pandit in
yours oh this measure
pawsley is feisty today
that's what Bosley is Bosley was paste
okay he acts like I brought quavo me
goes here Bosley where are you where art
thou Bosley guys Bosley is a fucking
fighter and I did not know that till
today Bosley is a freaking fighter
that's how I'm gonna say and he
surprised me you know Bosley it wasn't
me Bosley do you want to go seek wave
amigos they've given my kiss him a kiss
mmm
no guys Bosley legitimately used the
element of surprise he played it off
like I'm scared he's hiding in a corner
he's hiding behind me and Brian and then
all of a sudden and I was like okay
Boswell oh my god
guys come to think about it I just told
Brian Brian you said you're scared of
Bosley right I'm scared of Bosley now
after seeing what babe aren't you scared
of him no you really bit me
I'm never trying to put him in the
garage ever like he could actually beat
my ass Cueva was a strong dog so Bosley
could fucking do that to him I'm weak
I'm skinny so I'm actually apologized to
Bosley and probably my treat when I go
upstairs for ever doing anything to in
this whole life Bosley who taught you
that you've been watching UFC or would I
just want to apologize for saying that
I'll put you in the garage all those
times and I won't do it Brian I'm
actually scared of him okay Bosley I'm
sorry stop I'm sorry you get what you
want from now on you want to treat I'll
give you a treat you want chicken
I'll give you chicken you want steak
I'll give you state you want to go for a
walk we'll go for a walk
wait okay so I think that puts an end to
all the comments when we say we think
balls
and all the comments that say just get
Bosley a friend yeah I think button and
Bosley we tried to bring you a friend
and look what you do go on a couch go
okay here let me open the window you I'm
just joking guys I honestly don't think
Bosley had any bad intentions so we'll
probably get quite back here so balls it
can actually make him his friend
you look hot today do you know that
thanks you know that um when I was
little my brother used to call me you
know cuz my you're a sexy elf there's a
really big if you really my sister is
literally Dumbo she's a crime we called
her that okay guys so Jack I'm about to
start editing this video Jackie's gonna
go wash the dishes at my house why are
you doing that why are you nice to me
I'm nice for Mom
no I'm just kidding I actually just
don't want her to yell okay we got your
trash - yeah what did you eat without me
nothing no I can't admit it cuz when I
eat without you you say I'm not loyal
you're not so I just want guys when I
eat food without her she counts that as
the same thing as cheating on her no
it's fucking not yeah you're not loyal
you're fake I get hungry without you hey
I want you to eat me still babe okay
guys first I just want to make a few
points before I close this video first
of all I hope you guys enjoyed this
really really long vlog past couple
videos have been pretty much me
celebrating one meal I've just been so
happy about it so I made a ton of videos
celebrating one meal so now I'm back to
the regular vlogs I know you guys missed
them because you guys have been killing
me on Twitter bro stop with the window
celebrations we missed your vlogs so
here you guys go I made it I hope you
guys enjoyed this one I don't even know
how long it's like 30 minutes but I hope
you guys did enjoy second I want to
apologize for this camera quality it's
my webcam my cameras down in my car and
my phone's dead
so I just figured this would work for
now I just want to make this a little
something really quick first of all I'm
pretty sure Bosnian quavo could actually
be really good friends
this is bosley has never really been
around a dog before I'm pretty sure
they're gonna
that was just plate play-fighting I hope
at least hope that was just play
fighting anyways guys I just wanted to
say that I have so many ideas so many
brand new ideas and just my imagination
is kind of running wild for what we
could do with this channel what kind of
videos I could put out actually what you
guys can't see it but I have a list
right here on the know card of things
that I'm brewing up and I just need to
make more time for sure before school
starts my school starts next week I need
to make more time to execute these ideas
because you guys would love them and
like I said my apologies for I was
really really excited for hitting one
mill I was stoked so I kind of took it
overboard I made a lot of videos where I
was pretty much thanking you guys and I
was just filled with excitement and I
kept talking about hitting one mill
people started taking it like bro he's
just bragging and rubbing in our faces
or we get it you're happy we don't care
anymore just make some vlogs so I
apologize it was just like I said the
biggest accomplishment I've ever ever
surpassed in my whole life so I
apologize if you guys kind of got
annoyed by those there were a lot of
videos by them but I'm back to regular
vlogs I'm back to doing what I love to
do and I'm back to also thinking of some
new ideas so like I said I apologize I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog you guys
would have had some popcorn because this
is long but anyways but wadis is out and
uh where's the seatbelt someone needs to
fasten the seatbelt cuz if you guys are
staying with this channel if you guys
are staying subscribed you guys are in
for a treat you're not gonna regret it
remember my word on that remember this
video this time you guys won't regret it
