I got this I'm nervous
this isn't even a break this is a real I
wish you or her praying fantasy okay
guys what we're gonna do is I need okay
in this I just am a shit so okay this
fucking tonari Tiffany gave me a fucking
hickey no I don't care she gave me a
hickey doc how is killing you --they
yeah and she didn't even tell me she
says Jackie Tommy no okay so it's like
kind of gone now but me being a daily
vlogger a couple days ago I uploaded a
vlog I tried to hide it I try or not
hide it but I didn't say anything about
it but you guys since you guys are crazy
all the comments on jeepers Wallace has
a hickey go to go to fucking 17 whatever
time I don't know Vicki you have you
ratted us out so so I can't do anything
about it now so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pull up the clip where everybody
was commenting the time so I'm telling
you I said let's go to it Jack how is
killing you to it and I'm gonna call my
mom in the room my mom reads my comment
she watched my video and I'm pretty much
gonna have my mom react to look is it on
oh shit look no it was way worse I wish
that tie look even at the gym I go to
the gym to play that one everyone's like
oh I see you had this and I'm just like
this of her she's crazy
okay okay fine so we're gonna have my
mom I'm pretty sure my mom saw it before
and she didn't want to say anything
about it but okay and you want to know
why I got the Hickey because she knows
my weakness not only is my weakness
what is she latina No
okay she was speaking Spanish to me I
can't and I'm just like stop if you keep
speaking Spanish like I'm what I can't
someone will step on the moon
stomping okay hmm not have any fun
no what's my name in Spanish ask me a
question and say my name Bobby ones
online is Janice
once a Zionist and fiery 21 you got
tazed
okay
Porky's a dumbass yeah guess I'm fender
see my son let's toss me out what's my
name
daddy in Spanish sorry
what I can't like that that that is my
weakness
first of all her like just look at her
the makeup but then if she speaks
Spanish if she speaks Danish I can't so
guys I'm about to call my mom
oh wait we didn't even tell them what
you're gonna do so jack is just gonna be
like she's gonna be roaming around the
house whatever eating like always and
when my mom's reacting to the video so
my mom's already gonna be mad and
they've anything and then we're gonna
have Jackie walk in while my mom is
watching that clip so we're gonna show
her the clip and you guys I'm actually
maybe we got a nice classy not trashy we
gotta do this and that's it yeah I like
this yeah no okay so let's go call my
mom and your quani - first time okay
okay something that's a bad start
you guys ready this out mom can you
react to it
Brian what are you doing okay
can you react can you react to a video a
short video with me I don't do reaction
video so there's my only time my what
time by the time it's 150 mom the videos
literally one minute or two minutes it's
like uh the videos like it's just like a
clip from my vlog everyone wants my mom
to react to it yeah of course the fans
love you mom what is good Kayla present
worse than home Berta wait no actually
no Killip Gail if that means like fly my
room no you know how we say tell Bob
Bosley dot the female dog is a character
no but there's another one that I've
heard Marta see hi babies yeah oh that
one's bad without you yeah okay babe way
me and my mom are gonna react me and I
are gonna react to a video okay guys so
my mom's are not room waiting for the
reaction let me show you the clip
everybody's talking about oh oh oh my
god it was actually so noticeable oh my
gosh so that time what was it 17
something thousand of the top comments
and the other one of the top comments
was only ten minutes into something oh
right there
oh no oh no with the light with the
light with the light okay guys okay mom
I'm coming he's just gonna react okay
honestly while I was editing I didn't
think it was that visible I honestly cuz
I would have said something about it in
my vlog when I started seeing all the
comments saying boris has a hickey
broadsided hickey
I'm just like wait is it really that
noticeable this is the first time I'm
actually watching it with the brightness
up the idea was way too noticeable so
I'm pretty sure my mom already knows
about it but like it's kind of an
awkward situation for a parent to say
something about her son's Hickey so I
think she just kept it in and now she's
gonna lash out I think now's her chance
so without further ado let's go back
okay mom so after reading the comments
the actual metric react to two different
clips so there's one I don't know why
they want you to react to it it's one is
just me talking in Brian's new room and
the other one is me on my bed so first
we'll start with brunch Spanish like I
got hit when I was playing bass sausage
in yeah a book by okay so like here's
one bitch body my mom is such a liar I
swear oh wait hold on a lot of it that's
all you're supposed to be because I know
you don't watch this video
I know you're not oh my god yo Jesse yes
my okay wife always motors way by Thomas
even come on hey
okay so I don't know they want to track
talent but there was another clip up
seventeen when you called me a liar no
they get I don't know they weren't
saying that they just said show you that
and then they also said 17 like right
here
see what like why do you why you try
that ma what is this I've been avoiding
this and not trying to say anything and
now you guys are in this situation
so what you think I did I miss I
wouldn't cause that is like what is this
miss ma this you're happy about children
and I'm not happy
which it would vacuum did you use to
suck your neck yes yeah it was a pretty
prank look it's not even there anymore
it isn't
Lucy no any see it's gone now like oh
god I saw this and I go for your steak
today too for that thing to go away so I
don't have to face the brand and I look
at him
that's not disgusting it feels good
though not if somebody oh I didn't want
in my boss no I'm not in my vlog I
really I thought nobody would notice cuz
when I'm editing yeah
don't you aren't you ashamed of yourself
I'm so let me go let me just say one
thing I'm so sure what happened to this
stupid clothes behind closed door but
you don't have to show oh let me just
say I'm so ashamed
I do not condone any sexual activity to
anybody watching my videos I'm a friend
believing you wait till marriage to like
that's like your nose is all the ways
that I want I'm saying okay in any
valley I end up the way yeah I should
have been there that way I am that way
but anyway okay so let me so you did see
it like I thought yeah go go
then what is isolated and I go oh my god
and now it's trying to avoid your left
your right side yeah so when I thought
that I come to your left
I don't say no I go you guys put me in
this situation no ma ma this is just a
microphone on yeah and then we're sorry
mama not to me it isn't missing when I
went to the gym and everybody was
telling me Oh cause that a hickey I said
stopped it's not cool I'm so ashamed of
myself I don't ever want to do this
again I don't like girls all this yeah
look at your nose I swear I feel them
just like Pinocchio haha and you make it
as a joke it's not a joke babe my mom
wants to talk to you Kelly
Brian you read this a just put some
makeup on it
mom go I'm not bragging about it Yeah
right maybe dad would like that my daddy
that all day my dad got a hickey you
literally put up walk around with a
microscope hello everybody look okay
guys it's time to face your girlfriend
that guy lives Mart hey I told her it's
makeup studying that book for a month no
I don't hope in the bat it's in vacuum I
okay give him ten they've come class
aren't you ashamed I mean I don't buy
that you're here oh my god don't forget
my knitted a hair done yeah that's my
look aren't you embarrassed of yourself
everybody know you were his girlfriend
then they see that what if it wasn't her
wait what are they sure sure sure no she
hasn't caught it yet oh yeah well his
Hickey that when you gave him my key mom
she's such a liar are we playing along
okay hey that's my I work that's not my
big butt Latinas oh it was my inner ego
Tiffany oh my god you go like you know
how are the Martha Martha no no but it's
not you saying it like a story in their
ego oh so now like Beyonce and soft and
fierce you know like once even it or not
you can hit so now let me finish this
once and for all so what story are we
going with that what's the story but she
didn't me Yeah right no this is not a
friend okay so uh yeah I know
so we're laying the rule he took off my
we're laying the rules down no more of
those on my neck
no more Brandon hey respect yourself
thank you don't worry ok that's
disrespectful to Thursday yeah yeah he
disrespects me because he says I like at
least I put it with the shirts could
coverage you know right here the open no
yeah yeah you did it on purpose
what no I did it if I did on purpose
I have Mariana come on Alan okay so let
me lay down the law no more Higgs in
this house unless you're Brian because
if I saw I would be proud of him no more
I am Brian Brian Brian Brian then no no
I told them you do not engage in any
sexual activities at all unless you're
made and that's fake and that's it mom
whatever it's gonna be a oh don't wait
hold on let me first sure make it ain't
restricted oh my god angel as a
tradition for sure they don't teach you
listen to me and it's no more no more of
this and you kill it but what if it's
not sure yeah why does why does your mom
hit me more than mine I'm pissing who
knows how much your mom spank your ass
never no no no no I swear to God
how about the oh I said we knows how
much I spanked her yeah mom I said it's
just a joke it's just a prank you look
good today though yeah you are really
nice you know what's chilling for my
shirt I should be ashamed mom you should
be ashamed of yourself
yeah oh wait - sure yeah there yeah do
the no no do the arm test do the arm
test
oh yeah mom oh my god what do you call
it you have to go to the nurse and she
gives you new clothes
yeah for the rest of the school yeah
where's the nurse's office the nurse's
office is um have fun at your
appointment love you guys Thanks thanks
for leaving me and Jackie home alone
you'll be doing pretty much reaction
part two in a couple of days I'm just
cooking that's so quick you actually hit
me
guys so to close this video out okay to
close the video out no she did not give
me a hickey on purpose I honestly what
you didn't even notice
okay well I didn't know she was giving
two weeks outta said stop what's my name
in Spanish okay I woke up the next thing
I looked in the mirror or know someone
at the gym told me and I said what and I
looked in the mirror and I said babe
first I thought it was Count Dracula the
Spanish Dracula the Spanish dragon Ella
not Consuela so yeah guys no more
because we have to stay classy not
trashy okay
classy outside and wait now what do they
call it top freak in the sheets
a gentleman in the street and a freak in
the sheets yeah that that's what I am
that's what I knew my mom knew about it
I just knew by the way she was looking
at me so I'm and she didn't say anything
cuz I don't think a parent wants to be
in the awkward position with her son so
I am by watching this with her change
mom's first reaction to when she saw me
she liked the first Hickey he ever gave
me what's like right I didn't see their
mom and it was huge it was like to
actually put together
hey stop making this about me I never
gave my mom was so mad okay but anyways
anyways anyways I knew that this was an
opera this was an opportunity for my mom
to like lash out this is not per tutti
she didn't take it to heart so though
she was surprised when she was laughing
will she keep support too so yeah guys I
hope you enjoyed this video
oh yeah and the last thing I was gonna
say is yes I now get that hickey on
purpose I did not put anything in the
world on purpose I'm not long like this
I didn't explain it because I didn't you
guys would catch on before you know it
because when I was a kid my I didn't
even know the Hickey was I was like 14
15 now you have 10 year-olds commenting
on Jesus fuckin Tiki Baba so I thought I
could get away with it I couldn't so one
I have my mom react to it I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
Pradas
Oh cut cut it you need to cut it right
there
the wadis is out oh good blood save I've
been so on the same motherfucking
building you know I'll courtesy of all
these shout out to the widest why in the
building okay okay I need here my soda
okay cut guys this is your warning if
you date a naughty used to be crazy if
you date a naughty latina you can expect
to get in shit like this yeah what do
you want oh my god Bosley
you make make sure no one does anything
to your neck okay make sure no girl does
anything to your neck you'll get in
trouble
I know Bobby's lucky he can cover it
with his rolls good you can take anger
out on me God you know yeah I do have
respect for myself because in case you
watch any of my blogs
for the past year you won't find
anything on this neck so do I have
respect for myself
no first all you did it to me so I don't
know what you're talking you did it to
me
okay guys like I said before anyone says
oh that's so disrespectful I don't have
anything on my neck nothing for a whole
years worth of logs and I thought pretty
much every single day so Oh cake yeah
can you give me another Hickey yep
mom look guys if it's one thing for sure
before I close this video out if I can
say one thing it's that you love me baby
you're pushing it if it's one thing for
sure at least I can say I got myself a
hot sexy naughty Hey in a good way not
naughty like you're not getting any
gifts from Santa naughty like a
like that girlfriend mmm I love you too
okay hey give me my take but no I'm
meeting the rest of your cake give up
sex - babe say bye-bye everyone
Hey oh man you're so round yeah I know
like actually if you if you could shave
my head like if I was to blindfold you
and you have to touch my head you'd
actually say it's a tomato no no I would
say oh well it's basketball yeah why are
you blindfold me I said touch my head
like feel the form and then you have I
would say again is about this okay guys
we're actually headed out I always end
my vlogs and then I keep going we're
actually hanging out yeah dad dad that's
amazing we yeah I just like absolute
noise it's like this way like your dad
yeah my dad literally goes all the way
some people actually like oh I hate my
life
oh I hope you enjoyed this video and
hopefully there won't be any more
reacting to Hickey part two but no
promises Tiffany's a wild one super
trust me
cy oh babe you're too naughty today yeah
I just like to love you because I'm not
letting the camera
wait harvest no mom you say mom that
choice you have to make nice except this
shit on that side of her I know I know
no making oh my gosh my gosh four years
behind the scenes of a thumbnail look
well now let me get the food she's
coming yeah yeah pulling at - thank you
ah okay okay see ya jack for real yeah
yeah no okay
