I can never ever find the right word
Justine there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can say that it feels right you
don't say
I'm saying that it feels right
s'alright s'alright s'alright I'm just
going with the guy never had a doubt
right like this is just the boss with me
and perspective I'm the deepest in the
cut everybody tune in one this is just
for us now we know I ain't gotta wanna
know or no I don't call them back girl
let me see you hold it down we gonna
have a blast I just want to know what
you're gonna do with all of that ain't
got a sail work I know so you can have
it off
watch me live it off i laminated smile
I'm scared that it's permanent like even
if I'm mad at Jackie I honestly think
for the rest of my life my smile is
permanent look then I'm gonna try not to
smile watch I can't look I'm gonna try
to have a matte face hold on
um I can't I just I can't take a small
off my face looking at this live sub
count
Oh congrats for what as my daddy look
like Mario with the fucking overall
positive dad sit down to Bosley Bosley's
run tamari on yon Mari Ron oh my dad is
actually prick Oh dad you want the cake
oh my god buzzy buzzy who's that Oh
he said bite me
dad you want me to bring the cake wait
where's my mom
I mean mom where is she she left okay
dad we have to wait for mom my mom one
millionth of the plane
yes waited moving mom my dad already
congratulated me on a million what look
at like this just say it just say it I'm
so so proud of you
that's it deserve it really doesn't it I
swear I'm not saying that because you're
my son
but you weren't your good ass up for
this he's my son
I've always made my momager ready hey ah
you see the zoo okay mom when does the
cake-cutting start when Bryan finishes
fucking chicken I know it's scary I know
Bryan literally eats the skin oh my god
okay what do you say babe what what do
you say are you doing it is right higher
though for my interview okay then we
don't get a congrats from my own
girlfriend guys I'm uploading this video
and there's 24 minutes left
oh ok Bryan we're cutting the cake right
now what's 1 mil what's one now guys
orange and purple for my Phoenix Suns
and this design was supposed to be
orange and purple but they ran on the
orange so it's red and purple dad how
could you do this to me
oh I need 21 candles we don't have you
out okay then I need a million candles
look see Sparkle why do I have to blow
them out but I just ate Panda and all
the chunks from the chow mein in my
teeth are gonna fall on the cake
waking you I do what I gotta do
I mean I deal with a spark yeah hey
Boswell are you joining the celebration
nobody gave you an invite ah
wait mom record me I wanna I wanna light
one
wait but be careful cuz they literally
sparkles so yeah wait someone elbow my
hand playing basketball today run on the
flower excuse me oh my god the wax felt
the Whitesville Mountain cake no oh god
you put him right yeah I did that's how
we go but the wax is falling on the cane
no no Ladera Tula how are we gonna eat
the cake with that wax
yeah what the candle okay where yeah
okay well I wanna watch out guys the wax
no no no no no no record be lighting
this candle mm-hmm
so on the cake how proud how proud are
you papa run buddy proud okay why can
you just see the candle one Bosley can
you show some enthusiasm he's such a
party pooper he's probably the one who
mom he makes all the accountant dislikes
my videos you wait mom since you stock
my Twitter did you see what Ollie texted
me
thank you she doesn't she admits a guy
stalking oh yeah oh wait what Alli what
would mom shoutout to the bro Aladdin
squad all he sent me such a thoughtful
text
what do you think did you send Paris
yeah I did Wow well I don't need to
thank Brian he didn't really do anything
for me but you guys for like my YouTube
put that's right Jackie I know what mom
what is she why what is Jackie's fate
like what should be her yeah why the
moat Bosley don't lick your pocket
Jackie the certified liar yeah that's
all you could fit in your stomach
Boswell Brian only bad yeah he didn't
one by N 1 by N 1 by applause all right
guys I fuckin caught my mom harness
trying to get hook cake on my face and I
just showered and wash my face yes tell
Adele we have big nose no I just
showered
ok 5x5 I rather get the electric damn
chair okay okay like a bureau
oh okay okay okay okay
Oh guys is actually who actually smell
good
let me get this shit off the fried
breakout
could you imagine the magic people
that's gonna go on my nose tomorrow look
guys
mom if Ellen bothers dog bull surfboard
surfboard punk ass is so small my dad
literally balls the Builder was they
like to see things go no he just likes
to be annoying lucky stuff on everything
watch Bosley let let my dad do it
Bosley my dad built the desk and this in
the corner and now he's building
okay Bosley Hey okay Oh buzz leaf run
Bosley doesn't get its foot okay Bosley
okay well so what now buzzer you have to
let Dad I think your drill is foot on
the table you wanna help
yeah you can do the last now yeah mom
hands air please cannula I can actually
kill you know four three mil you can't
spray ray hey guys my brother's actually
scared cuz I dodge a cockroach I'm
actually like a okay put it down no more
spring rate opening round and that's not
right actually it's in a minute
they mad you sprayed it all over my
laptop why do they got like stuff on the
baby kicking it down the hall go right
and the fan oh my god guy right on in
there I give you pick a picture from God
he's actually scared cuz he's literally
a damn ant
I don't have it okay I need to edit oh
wait um bones camera I want getting a
thumbnail picture - oh they for the time
like I know this literally almost touch
you're good yeah no we're gonna cover
that Asian and then it oh yeah wait why
are we doing this come on you know what
now you're going the cave okay
shayana elbows the number where if they
decide I can't even leave it like this I
can't I need a nap
yeah
Bosley no monthly it's a friend on the
cake I'm having that coming yeah oh my
god I love these carry Maura helmets
like bag hair all right so okay don't
feel bad
junky yeah don't feel bad I just took a
shower I just took a shower and I know
you can do it inside the house crying
fuck that it's just a prank bro do you
like my hair color no I put like this
mini part not really a park as part of
go like this but I don't know guys look
so I wake up I had to do a massacre
World War 3 on all these ends look away
I don't know if you could see them you
could see them right cuz I'm not using
my camera I'm using my phone so I don't
know how the quality is it's because I
left a fucking piece of string cheese on
the desk all the Anton massacred okay I
use this this was this is a suspect
he'll be going into custody soon but
that's not all so I wake up already
filled nasty-ass folk because I sleep
right here in the answer literally right
next to me so I get up you know and see
I see Bosley you know he wasn't sleeping
over here Boswell was taking a nap right
here on the floor you know he looked so
so cute I took a picture of him and post
on my oh my god
Jesus so yeah he looked really cute for
once and I took a picture of inputs on
my snapchat story with the Haram oh geez
and then I go to brush my teeth wash my
face you know I just woken up and look
at this shit
just look what the fuck okay
not one dump two dumps from either Brian
or Bosley I don't know right after I
took that snapchat so you already know I
have to play hopscotch really quick oh
shit I'm most affected at that time guys
look since I'm going to a gym right
after I have my low shoe time my rac1
untied is it weird that I sit next to
her because I like to touch you babe
look cheeseburger occasion with us at
watchings happened to me all the touch I
know most every nail except this baby
talk so much then I realized it's a
video where you're so fucking
every time every fuckin time hello wars
it was big
question I cannot see that do you like
my hair one of those and then two three
count chicken minis um no that's gonna
be it
thank you you already know I had to get
Brian I'd to bring Brian breakfast for
hitting three mil I came to chick-fil-a
he doesn't know so hopefully he doesn't
get up and come to chick-fil-a cuz he's
always here I'm trying to surprise him
at home
I got him three chicken minis I don't
know if the skinny bones Jones rug can
finish three of the minis but we'll see
Brian I thought you chick-fil-a three
chicken meetings but I forgot what else
I forgot what else you get until after I
left the hatch why get it three chicken
minis for three million subs oh wow
that's a lot Thank You Burt summers
what's up on my loom stop it okay okay
not have any fun
no what's my name in Spanish ask me a
question and say my name
Bobby ones online is Janice
they don't say at the end once in
science and firing 21 you got tazed
okay
Porky's a dumbass gasps and Vendela see
come on Bob please hey - Lilly since it
snapshot you know no Bosley's good you
know I won't leave my son what Stephanie
Oh daddy
in Spanish operator in English no sorry
Oh my birthday every no no way from your
birthday you can choose from the two for
25 but you can't choose from the whole
menu no but I said I put my birthdays be
vacation
birthday sex yeah why do I talk so well
okay guys this next clip I'm about to
show is going to be I don't want to say
celebrities or famous people but it's
going to be kind of is it people that
congratulate the higher-ups that
congratulating me on hitting 1 million
subs we're gonna start off with you guys
know which youtuber do I love most
I love Ingram I love watching immigrant
but I could literally watch whether it's
a regular vlog or actual video that's
supposed to be funny and I just laugh
like I laugh out loud even when I'm by
myself and so his son you guys might
know kid behind the camera Michael Green
send me a video he congratulated me on 1
million subs he then called grandpa who
just was actually really funny thing yo
I saw Brandon I just want to take a
second to congratulate you for hitting 1
million subscribers you and Rogan homies
I don't talk like that this isn't how I
talk is this is this is too far yeah you
and the homies I moved out of that
trailer park
oh listen congratulations due for
hitting 1 million subscribers bellos
around me anyway congratulations dude
it's a big accomplishment I hit twice ah
well come back when you got a second one
ok no seriously congratulations dude
it's a huge accomplishment
I'm gonna call grandpa he's gonna say
something too if I'll answer me he
doesn't answer my phone calls anymore
can you hear me what geez I just wanted
you to tell Brandon congratulations for
a million subscribers this shut up what
do you always shut up man I got out of
you so if you hate me ISM good
I thought we got along today I know
right
congratulations for 1 million
subscribers thank you so much Michael I
appreciate it and you said to come back
to you when I had to 1 mil aka 2 million
so I'll be back to you pretty soon but
uh No thank you so much I appreciate
anger grandpa I love watching that and I
love watching kid behind the camera so
to get a congratulations from him and
kind of his grandpa was nice um I also
got Khumbu babe I also got congratulated
by here I'll just let you guys watch it
this one was actually a weird no no how
I got my phone number but I brought all
this my name is Luigi I'm from Hawaii G
family my brother Mario
we're both wishing you happy 1 million
subscribe I'm so happy to see you reach
1 million and keep up but videos good
and and I hope see you buddy soon
we watch your video every day every day
my mom said get out of the computer
don't watch anymore
and I said guru I need to watch it I
need to watch it and we're happy to see
you you and your brother succesfully and
we are so happy again congratulation
again I've been waiting all night
yesterday to see you reached a million
keep up the good videos and we are
waiting every day for you and brother
watching the video and hopefully one day
we can I need you you and your brother
please
congratulation again bye Bravo days
we'll see you later
I guess you congratulate me so that's
fine thank you
this next one okay this one hold up let
me just tell you guys so what's my
favorite basketball team in case you
guys ain't know what's my favorite
player or players obviously so I'm
sitting editing and my phone starts
vibrating and uh I get a call I don't
pick up cuz I was some random numbered I
thought automatically like some fan like
found my number somehow like I got
leaked and I'm just like folks I didn't
answer and then I get a text and I'm
hesitant to open I'm expecting you know
paper wallets I'm your fan if you don't
wobble ball I'm gonna leak your number
all that so you know I'm hesitant
deciding whether I should open or not I
already had a missed call I open the
text and it's a fucking video okay it's
a video that says this and granzon on
the 1 million man cents on the follows
my way but Nutkin grades okay for like
first of all I try to call backs like I
fucking call back right away I didn't
get an answer right after that I should
have fucking picked up already but I
texted him back I'm just like well like
not only he texted me congratulating me
but like the fact that like that was
right like he keeps helping my youtube
channel I'm like that she was crazy I'm
just like bro the dude that out like
like uh Eric Bledsoe just fucking text
me congratulations like randomly I was
like honestly that's one of the craziest
moments like I'll never forget the
moment I was just editing I thought it
was a fan somehow got my number I didn't
even answer the phone call I ignored
Erik lentils phone call but uh no that
was great wait what did I like ran
downstairs my girlfriend I just got here
my mom was downstairs yeah yeah and I
ever do yeah that's on say like just a
random text to microphone no problem I
didn't even ask how the hell you got my
number but that she was crazy so so yeah
that was pretty insane actually that's
an understatement for I just say that
was pretty insane it was actually crazy
like my idol my someone that I looked
someone that I try to model my best like
you guys I don't have to explain how
much I love the Phoenix Suns how much I
love it but so so just to get it a
random tags like a regular congrat like
baby their blood told my homie like
but I could pretty much text a dude
right now dog hey what's up go best
friendly but yeah guys that was insane
so a shout out eric bledsoe shout out
angry grandpa shoutout
Michael Green kid behind the camera
shoutout Luigi and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
