I got this got few quick things before
you start watching this live reaction
slash blog to me getting 1 million subs
I just want to say that this video was
recorded a couple of days ago and I
wanted to get it up sooner but it things
just didn't work out as planned so go
into this video with the mindset that so
now recorded this morning was not
recorded yesterday so yes it is a couple
of days old but come on I had to put it
up 1 million subscriber hitting it live
reaction plus pretty much a vlog plus I
got a lot of tweets and people on
periscope in this vlog so uh you guys
should enjoy it second thing um I wanted
to say is just when I made this video
when I recorded it my brother had a hit
3 million Celsius so I didn't get a
chance to congratulate him in the video
so I'm doing it right now
congratulations to my brother my little
brother and despite him being little
despite him being younger than me I can
gladly say I look up to him I look up to
my younger he might look up to me a lot
of things in life like Jame and school
and whatever you might look up to me and
a lot of things in life but if there's
one thing I look up to him it's this
whole internet world this whole YouTube
world he has about 3 million subs do I
need to say any more like you look at
phase drug and the number 3 million plus
it's next to his name congratulations to
my brother what you guys see put out on
YouTube the content doesn't show what
goes on behind the scenes he works
really hard in his room making those
videos and editing and I just want to
congratulate him because 3 million subs
is it's a crazy high number so
congratulations to my brother I love him
and hard work pays off and he proves it
he's one example that I look at what I
want to be on YouTube one day I just
look downstairs
my brothers so congratulations to my
brother when I hit one mill I was like I
was actually think I was like I don't
know if I'm more excited for me to hit
one mill or for my little brother to hit
3 million because that like I said I
don't need to say much more just the
number itself 3 million subs and I know
how much it means to my brother so I was
really really happy for him and when my
brother's happy I'm happy so guys one
example I give is like you know NBA
players the younger rookies that are
just now entering the league and they
got people that they look up to for
example Devin Booker looks up to Kobe
Bryant karl-anthony towns Minnesota
Timberwolves he looks up to Kevin
Garnett and so for example me and I I'm
still new to YouTube so only been a year
I look up to my little brother and I can
proudly say that I could gladly say that
but I do warn my brother let me tell you
what I tell him as much as I
congratulate him and he's at the top of
the ladder he's all the way up here I
tell him I say don't look down because
there's a dude named bruh wadis who's
right here right now but before you know
it so I told him I said you better watch
your back on the lap now I'm just joking
but and nonetheless like I said this
video was recorded a couple days ago
something's happen I couldn't get it up
when I wanted to but now sup right now
so enjoy this video you have to play it
right in Finland oh my god wait I
actually can't thank you right now see
you guys
I don't know this feeling like
everyone's downstairs like having fun
eating like all my balloons and cake is
downstairs and like I can't even go like
I keep well this is crazy
I just want to cry like honestly I don't
know it's it's insane like I can't even
begin to thank you guys enough
this feeling is wow I would like I
didn't know this feeling existed I
didn't know oh I'm so like I'm telling
you I don't like to check the live stuff
count myself I just get way too nervous
and like anxious and people keep
tweeting it to me and I just see the
number getting closer and closer to 1
million Wow I don't know like this
feeling is well I can't like I can't
stop smiling I don't know guys I don't
know but we're at over 900 9 6 thousand
so
guys look oh my gosh no no I can't this
is so nerve-racking like guys you need
to slow down slow down slow down
I'm not ready for a million I'm not this
is crazy not oh my gosh everyone that
goes up I just feel so much presh oh no
oh my god
like oh you wanna unsub Oh oh my god
I can't do this guys this is exactly why
I don't watch the live soap count I'm
just gonna like read a Phoenix Suns
article yeah why why'd you unsub guys
I'm sitting here waiting to hit one mil
and I honestly don't know if I'm more
excited for myself in the room or if I'm
more excited for my little brother
hitting 3 million cells like 3 mil like
I honestly I'm watching my life so it
can't go up and I'm like oh I can't wait
to hit a meal but I'm also checking up
on my brother I'm just like that's crazy
3 million I can never imagine myself
with 3 million subs next to my name it's
just crazy how far he's coming I'm
honestly like I'm waiting to hit a
million subs and and I wish I wish my
brother hit it his three million on the
same day as me but I'm so excited for
him to like crazy accomplish 3 million
subs true like imagine triple meet like
know that she's crazy and I'm really
proud of them ok dad
you be careful who put those over there
you put those over there guys I was in
my room the whole time this was
happening I actually had no I no idea
Bosley would you help had no idea this
is happening
that is for the baby shower for Jackie
we should leave it for when Brian hits
three mil and just change the one two or
three in a couple of days so guys this
for mine and Brian set up me Bosley why
are you barking at me boo-boo I don't
even know who blue oh my gosh cause I
actually had no idea of I told y'all
just in my room because I'm like I can't
even talk to anyone or hang out anybody
today like I'm just trying to cross
I even went to the gym earlier today and
I had to leave so early because like I
just can't think straight I can I'm
trying to process and trying to take in
that I'm actually gonna have the number
one million next to my subscriber count
on YouTube and I just can't process it
it's crazy
guys well what's that yeah that I think
my dad has work tomorrow early has to
wake up before 5:00 a.m. so I think he's
gonna go to sleep cuz we're 1,250 1249
away me and my girlfriend are staying to
celebrate my mom and dad fell asleep I
don't blame them my dad has worked in a
couple hours Brian's about to fall
asleep right now but we're staying awake
to celebrate so we got to everything up
downstairs we had the cake and
everything we're gonna have to push that
to tomorrow because it's too late so are
you gonna put the candles in the cake
okay so tomorrow Jackie gets off work
around 7:00 my dad gets off work a
little earlier so we're gonna celebrate
tomorrow but I want to get you guys my
reaction for when I ate some milk so
we'll keep you guys updated baby no
there's actually the first time that I
could actually like speak words I was so
nervous and I was like the whole time
they were decorating downstairs I was
just in my bed like I wasn't in the mood
to see anybody or talk to anybody not in
a bad way I just like the moment thanks
babe the moment was just so like crazy
it's gonna be even crazy when I hit one
mil some put the camera away right now
cause it's actually so weird not having
Brian's
nice enjoy handset found all the world i
wouldnt even be able to get hard
oh wait would would know guys i just
wanted to say that 1000 subs away from a
million more times it 10:05 p.m. i have
it ate all I ate today was two scrambled
eggs the font went to the gym in the
morning and like I I haven't a out like
I can't eat it's it's crazy guys you
guys don't understand I had like a
little bit of eggs I couldn't even
finish that went to the gym like I said
I couldn't even stay at the gym a long
time because it was just I don't know
how many times I could say this but this
feeling is just indescribable you were a
Boswell
that's what elbows and sitting wings
like a model but yeah like I can't
explain this feeling and I haven't even
been able to process anything I can't
even eat food right now like I'm not
going to sleep like I don't know guys
it's just okay guys 11:18 you already
know watching NBA TV and look for about
400 subs away um hey come on why why are
you doing this to me oh there we go
there we go hey come on bro oh no my god
my heart
it ate but anyways let me tell you
really quick
Jackie had to go home because yeah it's
20 years old but she Latinas so she
still got curfew um yeah she asked her
if you so she s she had to be home my
brother's asleep my dad's asleep my
mom's asleep so I'm up celebrating this
by myself
400 more guys let me tell you why I'm
pissed so like I said I haven't ain't
all day today I had an eight and I was
starving like and I couldn't go out to
get food because I didn't want to miss
myself hitting 1 million subs so I went
downstairs to the fridge and I see you
know salad and uh I'm hype like I'm
starving hot all day if I put the ham I
put the baked and I put the ends I don't
even care if I don't like them like I
was just so starving and I put the ranch
right I taste it oh my god
like shit so I look this motherfucker
blue cheese it's not ranch no offense if
you like blue cheese but I'm sorry
you're not human
that shit's nasty so now I'm starving
the blue cheese is like all around the
south so I'm trying to find the bottom
where I didn't put the blue cheese I'm
eating around it no mm-hmm anyways we're
less than 400 subscribers away and
obviously I wish I hit it earlier in the
day or later tomorrow so I could be with
my whole family and my girlfriend and
celebrating but honestly can't complain
I'll take it right now and let's see
just a couple more minutes and freaking
stoked I'm stoked
I'm excited I don't know what to do is
crazy oh shit guys I found a new website
that shows the logo this one looks nicer
look at them subs going oh never mind I
spoke too soon guys I'm honestly so
tired like as if you guys have been
watching my videos if you're not one of
these newer subscribers who are trying
to get me to a million if you guys have
been with me from the start and I know
there's a lot of you guys you guys know
that I edit my videos around to 3:00 in
the morning and then I wake up around 8
or 9 to go to the gym and finish editing
so I don't really get that much sleep
and past couple days haven't been any
different I've slept for like I don't
know 3 4 hours every night for the
almost the past week so once I need a
million I got a few words but I won't
get my whole speech till tomorrow say a
few words and then I need to knock out I
was gonna go get food but honestly I'm
like falling asleep in this chair so
let's do this guys let's do this you
guys are the best
guys you already know you already know
watching some anger grande for the other
tab while my life counts right here god
what's crazy to me is I'm on Twitter
right now and I keep refreshing my
notifications and there's so many people
because tomorrow's Monday there's so
many people who have school tomorrow or
so many older people who have work or
just so many people in general who I
know sleep early and they're staying
awake just to see me hit a million
subscribers which is crazy because I'm
not live streaming or anything so
they're just staying up on their own
like they don't get anything out of them
not uploading a video when I hit it
right away
I'm not on periscope so they're just
staying up just like that's how much
they care and it's actually crazy um
100 away let's see it it's almost
midnight right here meaning it's 3:00 in
the morning on the East Coast God knows
how early or late I should say days and
other countries where people are
watching this from it just you guys warm
my heart when I say you're like my
second family it's I don't know guys
it's crazy you guys aren't like my
family and someone earlier today they
asked me they said you know if you
finish college cuz I'm still in school
and you get a real job like with the
Phoenix Suns which is my dream would you
still vlog for us every day and I said
yes I said why not because I want to
take you guys the reason I like to daily
vlog is it's just like if we're being
honest I can get more subscribers five
pranked every day I can get more subs if
I open a gaming channel it's it's not
about the fame or views i vlog because i
love to you guys are like my second
family
whatever my family sees me doing
whatever I tell my family I want to tell
you guys whatever journey that my very
close friends and my old family see me
going whatever experiences I showed my
family I also want to share with you
guys and that's the reason that I vlog
is just amazing to me that so many
people keep up with my life and they're
so interested in what I do
and it's like it's just crazy guys I'm
gonna save all that for my speech but
come on let's get it to 900 come on come
on
903 more MORE oh I'm putting that oh my
god I'm putting those people in the
garage for shirt come on 4 3 5 4 3 2 1 1
million just joking 100 more guys I'm uh
I'm a wait I get a little closer
let's see who's staying up who is
staying up with bharata's you got Joey
beard see the boss
JTP 1228 Damien Jimenez oh this dude's a
huge fan I recognize his name he's been
with me for a while Tigers Ethan Ricky
Garcia
Xavier uh Hodgins shout-out to you
authenticity who Russel was reasonably
just getting Joey Teixeira slothy Elisha
Osman look at this guys this is all
within a minute Theseus Owen Elijah Ian
Nathan this is all in one minute crazy
watch 18 new notifications you guys are
all saying up with me the only one Eric
Michael Guillermo Weston Rey guys you
guys showed me so much love like I don't
know how I could ever repay you there's
no way for me to repay you guys
you think me editing videos and putting
out content enough if I can give you
guys you guys think all my videos make
you happy or my videos make you laugh if
I can give back even 1% of how good you
guys make me feel my life would be
complete but I just can't there's no way
I could give back as much as you guys
gave to me so let's see let's see
oh my god we're freaking look at this
I can't I can't tell you guys how much I
love you how much you guys mean to me
because it would just be a lie
it would be alive because I'll be saying
words and words can't describe how much
you guys mean to me ask anybody I know
ask anybody I know my mom my friends my
girlfriend my brother and they'll tell
you I care about the broad squad I care
about my subscribers so much you guys
are just crazy you guys are crazy in the
best way okay and I can't ever repay you
I can't ever thank you enough no matter
what I do for you guys is it just won't
be enough to what you guys do for me I
don't know and I appreciate each and
every single one of you guys guys and
shout out to a lot of my family members
and my girlfriend who are actually at
home texting me trying to keep up with
me Olivia
Stephanie all he actually has work at
6:00 in the morning look he sent me this
long as text a lot of my fans that I
followed a long time ago just cuz I
realized they were such loyal fans they
look at this from Matt the Knicks fan
Simon who was in my vlog before I
brought it to my house he texted me
Joe Jackie's brother Tex managed to get
back to him or 41:39 subs away guys no I
told y'all cry not gonna let myself cry
on camera oh wait it's too late it's
already coming out okay hold on stop oh
my god I couldn't dress in something not
sure for my freakin one no special gotta
mama see tearing up I don't care you
guys can see if you want but this is
crazy this is honestly the biggest
accomplishment of my whole life
and and I've interviewed NBA players for
my old job I'm I'm in college I've had a
lot of finals and tests and I can gladly
say that this right here is the biggest
accomplishment that it's just God I
don't know what to say I want to say a
lot of things but I'm gonna save it for
my speech you guys should check that
video I have a lot to tell you guys and
with 29 subs away guys my leg is
actually shaking my heart is oh my god
why people unsub me
one of my fans just messaged me a mere I
fought him a while back he said it sucks
how you get hate for no reason bro just
ignore it you deserve 1 million enjoy it
I do get a lot of hate I don't
understand why but like I'm not hating
ask for sympathy ro don't hate on me
everybody gets hate but that's not up to
me and that's not for me to decide if I
get hey I get hate look look at this
come on oh my god oh my god oh my god
hey six people in subbed at one time bro
come on five more four three oh my god 1
million 1 million Oh My gods will go so
much we hit a million a million guys ok
I'm gonna save a lot of this for my
speech but I just want to say really
quick in a few words that this is
honestly like um you guys mean listen
I'll never ever say I hit 1 million we
hit 1 million we did and guys fuck I
can't even talk I can't I swear I can't
talk right now
it's um no I don't want to cry on camera
I said I wouldn't cry hold on you know
what I don't even care this is this is I
can't even look at the screen right now
and process that this is real life this
is um I can't go to sleep tonight I
can't talk I don't know what words are
coming out of my mouth right now like
thank you thank you thank you thank you
um if I could if I could I would show up
to each and every single one of these
million subscribers houses and say thank
you I'll get on my hands and knees and
say thank you for you guys because the
joy and the support and the happiness
that you guys have brought in my life in
the one year that I've been doing
YouTube is unmatched by by any other
YouTube family I'm sorry but to all the
people all look YouTube content creators
who claim that they have the best
fans I'm I'm sorry but you guys take
that crown you guys oh this is so crazy
this is so crazy like I would have never
thought if there's one thing I could say
about all this is I truly truly would
have never ever thought I'm gonna have a
gold play button are you kidding me like
god I can I don't know what to say
I honestly I'm at a loss of words and I
people say that a lot of times to
exaggerate and I'm being completely
honest I'm not a loss of words this is
what I love to do this is my passion
fuck this is insane it's crazy and I
love you guys that's it if you're ever
feeling down or or you ever feel like
like just anything if you're ever
feeling down depressed nadsat just know
if you think nobody in the whole entire
world loves you not one person change
that from zero to one because I love you
guys I love you guys each and every
single one of my subscribers even if
you're not subscribed and you watch my
videos or you know who I am even if you
fucking hate on me I don't care I love
you guys like you guys are family you
guys are my second family um all you
girls you guys are my sisters that I
never had
it's unless if you're hard you're not my
sister to all the boys you're my second
third fourth and fifth brother after rug
to all the adults watching me you guys
are my mom second mom is second dad to
all the guys to all the pets watching
the you guys are my second third
Bosley's like I just love you guys I'm
gonna save the rest for the speech wow
babe thank you
thanks um yeah I need to wake up super I
know I need to wake up super early
though because I'm still wanna play
basketball
thanks I love you make your reaction
guys I'm honestly like this is its it
feels so weird to cry like the sun's
didn't lose I usually only cry when the
sun's lose I've literally broken bones
before I fucking oh footage you just
just like my tweet shout out shout out
fuzzy um anything else I got out cries
it feels so weird I don't care I'm
crying do I care this is crazy to me and
I can't sleep I'm so tired and I can't
sleep I'm so hungry and I can't eat I'm
just so excited and I honestly hope to
all you guys who have a YouTube channel
and to all you guys who strive to make
videos and wish that this is one day
your career one day you're just what you
do for a living I hope you guys all make
it to feel what I feel right now
everybody deserves this feeling it's a
great feeling and oh look here's the
fouseytube favorite I don't know if you
can see it but yeah it's a crazy feeling
guys so we're live on periscope right
now I'm trying to show some love to all
the people who stayed up this late to
see me in a million so we just hopped on
periscope okay someone just called me a
puto guys say congrats you're in the
vlog say congrats say whatever you want
what up I was waiting Congrats thank you
vlog oh my hand oh no here we go with
the eating ass I guess that doesn't
change when I fucking hit a million subs
thank you guys so much thank you
then substance 100 Bravo otter squad
true supporter oh shit sub vlog guys
honestly my message to everybody who
does YouTube and makes YouTube videos
right now I honestly wish you guys all
hit a million subs I want everybody to
experience this feeling that
feeling right now because it's insane
look at this we already got game 250
more sauce
Vlad look I'm honestly like this smile
I'm scared that it's permanent like even
if I'm mad at Jackie I honestly think
for the rest of my life my smile is
permanent which is not good because
usually in an argument with Jackie I'm
like this but now it's like look I'm not
I'm gonna try not to smile watch I can't
look I'm gonna try to have a matte face
hold on um I can't I just I can't take a
smile on my face looking at this live
sub count this is crazy okay let me i'ma
say on periscope for a little bit sleep
I'm so tired not just physically but
mentally - I've been stayin on my
computer staying on my phone all day
waiting and milli I just Bulls wrist
Pacers hardwood classics on NBA TV
zebra Wallace is still the same after 1
million subs he still loves basketball
I've barely been getting any sleep I'm
trying to go to sleep but I'm Way too
excited it's way too crazy every time I
open YouTube I see the number 1 million
plus next to my name and it's just crazy
before I go to sleep I just love you
guys so much I love you guys so much I'm
interacting with so many of my fans
right now see here's my biggest fan
right here can't see Jackie's anyways
yes I'm gonna try to sleep it off and I
would guys I just want to say really
quick that I honestly didn't think I
could actually cry other than when I
watched the Phoenix Suns like when I
watch the Phoenix of Blues I cry all the
time like 10 fucking gallons of Tears
but the fact that I actually cried from
this is shocked me surprise me it was
just so emotional to me like I'm telling
you I've been in pain I fucking broken
bones like a lot of ass laundries I've
never cried never I don't cry and this
like I can honestly say and gladly say I
cried when I hit a million subs I don't
care - crazy
they do something sweet Oh Oh your light
friends oh wait I have a million sub so
doesn't that mean have to switch up and
act cool and stop doing what I was
originally doing right psych while this
is still the same or do it same old
person 1 million Sub Zero subs
10 million subs doesn't matter out still
the same person when same basketball
shorts with the same ripped ass
basketball shoes going to go play some
lunchtime basketball bro nothing changes
nothing changes I'm promised myself I
would never ever switch up no matter
what happens with you - no matter how
big I get no matter how small I say I
will never change I have my life I'm a
regular person I love what I do and
promise I'll never so just I'm not gonna
switch up a lot of people change when
they get bigger a lot of people let the
fame get to their head they let the ego
get too big not me imma throw on the
same white t-shirt that always wear go
to the gym meet up all my friend and
play some basketball same luck just cuz
I have a certain number next to my name
on YouTube does not change who I am as a
person Bosley stop licking your paw no
stop licking your paw the vet said don't
look your paw okay that's it you're
going in the garage Bosley I'm gonna put
you in the garage oh you know he thinks
just gonna have a million subs that I
won't put him in the garage Bosley hey
you're going in the garage right now in
the garage yeah you yeah because you
don't lick your paw the vet said if you
like your part you can get infection
good boy
and just eleven million subs and a star
football in the garage
no buzzer after record a video before I
go to the gym you want to watch me do
the video come here let's go in my room
