come on babe we're gonna check my life
oh shit okay so I'm about to finish
editing a vlog
who my mom thinks she's trying to trap
all day to give him his medicine
oh okay look guys let's check my live
subscriber count'
they take a guess what do you think so
far wait baby
um you were how much away ten thousand
yes I'm not hating you I'm gonna guess
two 980 wait huh wait
986 okay guys I guess 990 1800 oh I have
to guess I lost yeah what dang it wow
that's so lame nine ninety well you're
gonna be at 986 tonight watch oh my gosh
hey is that me yeah yeah yeah that's you
you're the party pooper guys so I am if
you guys can't tell 8008 that someone
8,000 112 away and they've held like I
don't know it's so freakin it's it's
crazy knowing no my mom's right there
it's Bosley look I'm so close to 1 mil
wait for 1 mil I have to put Bosley in
the garage I have to mom can I please
for 1 mil can I put it in the garage for
one second ok guys hold on mom how like
I can't even talk I don't know no it's a
crazy look this is one of those things
where if someone tells you how it feels
you're not never going to understand it
just has to happen to you like I can't
explain this feeling it's knowing that
I'm going to hit one zero zero zero zero
zero zero 1 million subs either tonight
or tomorrow mm-hmm I can't explain it
like work
this is literally the definition of
words can't describe this feeling I have
total guys but look so I needed a towel
and we ran I hid out of towels in my
bathroom so I came to my mom's room she
has some in her closet and look what I
saw the surprise is ruined wait babe ah
I already saw the balloons I saw them on
accident look guys in orange babe I came
to get a freaking towels now okay wait
honestly come out babe Congrats one mil
Brandon and this one what does I say
congrats you did it yay 1 million with
orange and purple stickers for the sons
mom I just came to get a towel two guys
is falling down having them better
Bosley Bosley are you happy I'm gonna
hit 1 million surprised ruined
I now know there's balloons now I have
to hunt for the cake I don't know if
they're the cake guys haha I don't know
what like everyone keeps asking me bro
how do you feel that you're gonna hit 1
million subs and my answer is I don't
know like I've never had this feeling
before it's indescribable you can't
there's no words that one person can say
and you're like oh yeah I felt that
before none I don't know this is just a
whole different feeling it's up it's I
don't know guys I'm honestly like when
that I don't know I can't talk it's been
like this for hours ever since people
started tweeting to me and like just I
don't know guys if you guys like oh I
can't talk I might have to shut the
camera off really quick right now but
I'm genuinely like I'm at a loss of
words literally like people say that as
an exaggeration I'm at a loss of words 1
million subs is I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do but uh let's
check let's check hold on I never wanted
to look at the live sub count because I
just get like super emotional seeing it
go up one by one by one but I have to do
this I have a song for all the people
that are unsub in
like guys it's for everyone I'm stuffing
this is for you okay God so I just
finished editing one vlog today now I
need to edit my second vlog of the day
I'm uploading two 20 minute one so I
need to start editing baby you need to
take a nap hey would you stop eating for
once no you miss family money I hate it
very much me the face
oh I share my life with you you can
share a monster injury stop stop you
wanna sing stop last night guys so I
just finished editing this finished
uploading this vlog my back 21 minutes
long and now and now I'm start editing
this one really quick so oh this one's
pretty long so what time is it oh it's
already 3:30 3:30
my girlfriend's waiting on me so we can
hang out but let me tell you I've been
editing since 11 so it's already been
like almost I don't know five hours and
I'm just barely starting this one so
another couple hours I'd say a total of
like eight hours editing today these two
vlogs cuz they're pretty long they're
both over 20 minutes on X but both um to
be the song but you got to do what you
got to do why don't don't mind that guys
just pretend it says sons this is
Brian's new room so he has died up but
anyways I just wanted to say oh my god
the Lighting's actually so good here
look he got these for lighting but I
just wanted to say that to me the
biggest thing is like I said today I
should be hitting a million either today
or tomorrow so it's easy to say like you
know what I got my goal I made it and
now you know I don't really have to try
as hard mmm
fuck that excuse my language but I hate
that mentality I hate when people set a
goal reach it and then just relax no set
a goal if you reach it
keep set a new goal right away if you
reach it
don't just in my opinion don't set goals
maybe set something you want to hit but
to me the biggest thing is stay hungry
stay hungry like it's easy for me to say
oh I had a million cells you know I
already have a million people watching
me I don't need to upload two vlogs or I
don't need to you
up for 20 minute videos or I don't need
to put good content you know I already
have a million subs whatever I'm about
to get my gold fuck I hate that no to me
it's
keep pushing don't don't work like as
hard as you tried with YouTube when you
have one sub try that hard when you have
a million subs because just I hate the
mentality oh oh you know I already made
it let me just relax no to me there's no
such thing as relax there's no such
thing as get your foot off the gas note
to me just keep pushing keep pushing
keep pushing
whatever milestone you hit the second
you hit it set a new one that's trying
to hit that don't say oh I already hit
my goal so now I'm good I'm done not
gonna have to try no because it's easy
for people to think that you know like I
like to compare to if you if your
ultimate goal if you're the NBA your NBA
player you want to win a championship
just because you win one championship
does that mean you say oh well I'm done
I'll need to win another one know you
always strive for more you strive to be
better and that's my thing like just cuz
I had a million subs doesn't mean I must
stop doing without what I've been doing
I have a style I have a routine I have I
like the way I run my channel and I'm
gonna keep doing that whether I have one
sub 100 subs 1 million subs or 100
million subs imma keep doing what I was
doing that got me there because when you
had one sub you obviously did something
right to get to a million so why would
you stop doing what got you to a million
subs it just makes no sense to me and I
think that's the biggest thing just stay
hungry keep that foot on the gas don't
let go no matter what milestone you pass
no matter how many accomplishments you
achieve no matter how much success comes
your way just keep fighting for more
keep pushing for more just strive to be
better than you already are and I think
that's the biggest thing for me just
keep keep pushing to be better than what
you are today guys so earlier when I
went in my mom's room to go get a towel
for my shower I ran into some balloons I
said congrats on one mil and just like
two minutes ago my my girlfriend babe
just go brush your teeth
and she's like in the garage with my mom
and I'm like okay and then she's like
yeah you can just go brush your teeth
I'll come upstairs in a little and I'm
just like oh okay so I go look in the
garage and I run into
cake why you hate surprises or what you
guys make it so obvious I swear so I
don't know what does surprise me but I
don't say nothing so now I see a cake
here so now I saw some balloons earlier
today when I was at 992 now at like 993
I see a cake I wonder what else I'm
gonna find mom oh I see Boswell Bosley
my surprise is ruined
yeah guys I had no idea hey whose iPhone
is this oh I thought I ran into my last
surprise I was actually supposed to buy
foam but I upgrade isn't fresh so long
yeah guys I frickin somehow call all my
surprises babe but yeah guys it's almost
10 p.m. and I'm at nine hundred ninety
three thousand nine ninety three I
refuse to look at the live stuff count
myself yet I don't care guys I just get
like I said when I opened it earlier
that was like my first time looking at
the live sub count because I just get
too like nervous and excited and anxious
and freaking like I don't know like I
said words can't explain it so the way I
find out how many times I have you guys
tweet it to me like all day and that's
how I find out so oh no I can't even
fall asleep tonight I don't even know
I've been like this all day I've been
speechless and excited and like non-stop
smiling all day it's like it feels like
the sun's won a championship which is
never gonna happen but still why do
why'd you buzzy why'd you pause it you
said you've already seen it up oh you're
gonna change it for me yeah thanks guys
I'm singing Brian's room wait no I want
to watch car those were guys were about
to watch cops this wait fun I want to
sleep on your bed no why should a
vlogger I call my mom
guys my mom is such a liar I swear these
blankets that are on the floor I don't
care if Bosley like wiped all of his
bless you Bosley watched all of his
builders wait by Thomas evil providing
hey
Hey oh it's not okay well Bosley wiped
all his boogers and all his like snot
and come on all these blankets and I
don't believe my mom she said no I
washed them and drive them and all that
I don't know if I trust her so I'm like
scared to sleep on here
Yeah right I haven't seen this one which
one this yeah guys bond keep trying to
play it sort of cause what I've
literally seen all of them find is gonna
be my new intro song wait bad boys but
zebra zebra what the I see one where
they I think I just snakes know like
fuck snakes I'll upload a finger head
yeah they have to wear the helmet Oh
guys look here's my midnight healthy
midnight snack reading that you're like
no I ate fruit by the foot fool roll up
and ease now who's looking a court of
law
okay guys I need to watch cause I'll be
back I need to wash cars guys this guy
is so fucking drunk Brian oh my god
Brian
that's literally you I swear we did it
they need to show his face but oh my god
but look right leapin guys he's so
fucking drunk
so long sucker I need to go up it's to
Hong Kong feet yeah my back is broken
and my phone got our charger Wow guys
see thing in my back and neck are
actually broken so I need to go back
upstairs but since I already woke up I'm
the type of person who doesn't matter
when they woke up it doesn't matter what
time they slept once I like wake up it's
impossible for me to go what so I'm
leaving my fucking sidekick oh wow see
you guys I'm so awake what did I say I'm
the type of dude that when I wake up no
matter what once I wake up there's no
way I could fall back asleep so I'm
gonna start editing my video right now
fuck I slept out like 4:00 in the
morning and woke up at 6:00 something
not healthy bro it's not healthy Oh Ana
after I edit this you already know I
gotta go play some lunchtime basketball
so I'm hyped for that you think I should
wear these shoes to play basketball I
think these are the retro 47s okay guys
so 9:00 a.m. you know me and Jackie were
both awake she's at home we were both
awake we're both bored so I was like you
know what babe why don't you come over
so she's here yeah Jackie's here Bosley
Jackie's here you want you want to go
see Jackie yeah you like Jackie huh okay
let's go see Jackie let's go she's here
happy he does get excited wait I forgot
where my other stuff yeah Jackie's here
she's outside waiting you you want to go
see Jackie okay but don't do anything
with her don't she's my girlfriend not
yours okay but you can go let's go see
Jackie let's go hey okay okay
let's go see Jackie let's go easy easy
Bosley easy let's go she's outside she's
outside
look guys he likes her so much he would
actually go in the garage to see her
look Bosley look from the garage she's
here from the garage
okay Bosley
who's there Bosley she's here
Oh Bosley on Brian's Grover Oh Bosley
Hey okay are you gonna go to are you
gonna go to gym will you go to the gym
or no okay you can have doughnuts but we
have to go to gym after no why not why
not you said you'll go to gym I don't
wanna go on to you why do you hate me
I'm telling you let's go to the gym I'm
saying let's go to gym as a nice couple
I'll play basketball nice to meet first
oh my god I don't want to go
these gym Oh Jim stop playing like that
that's the good fat you said nice in it
yeah you did not show the text no I did
not okay no doughnuts yeah no one tried
to kill you yeah you did this on footage
no like that look you said did you not
say this they do not say this you said
babe and if even if I want to go to the
gym you have to force me I need stuck on
- dude you said you need to make me go
to gym such a liar like look just just
for the camera lying you're lying so I'm
telling you I said let's go to the gym
no why you told me you said babe I need
to start going the ID said I need a
round here but yeah you did you did you
tell me all the times I need so going to
gym oh my you're such a liar don't line
up Eric Bledsoe shirt don't lie when
your wing Bledsoe on the back of your
shirt no I am Telling You I knows it
Thank You Jessica I didn't try to kill
you no I was massaging your face
oh my dream is actually to be on cops
exactly
my boyfriend actually Thomas Zach how is
killing you - yes okay see it caught I
want to build it's fucking hard that's
what I'm gonna say he's a good he's a
good um lawyer yeah
no dad done care for my 1 million yeah
please
for 1 million special yeah between the
legs
he popped a kebab call call call 9-1-1
odo Bosley Bosley and not Bosley got out
did it pop these were expensive yeah
yeah okay I think these were from my one
milk okay my dad popped my balloon for
my 1 million special celebration dad you
know I you know I caught the cake in the
fridge and I found the balloons in the
closet so the surprise is ruined
oh my god how's it gonna get scared
wait guys I want to check the live sub
count the last time people were tweeting
to me
I was 5,000 away 5,000 I was at 995 okay
last question tweeted to me oh this name
is hard to pronounce as on here I'll
just show here I'm at 995 889 so I don't
know but it's freaking exciting exciting
this is
it's exciting that's all I could say I
don't know guys here I'll just get on
the camera and take a picture and then
if it deflates then whatever we have it
on camera
okay wait put it next to each other okay
guys this surprised I didn't know about
this is that I know about the cake I
know about the balloons the ones
upstairs but I didn't know about the one
am Bosley why don't you tell me
congratulations
here put it next to each other not in
here yeah sure of you in there okay wait
I want to see you know what you know
your dad asked me if it's a giraffe my
dad that is that you have oh yeah it
looks like a giraffe
1/m what does that stand for
number one soon mom likea de she doesn't
know yeah it's going down okay fine
where do you want me to take it outside
okay I had to go change just to take a
picture but look what now I'm gonna see
in the picture Jackie said in the
picture she won't show my shoes so I
just four slides
slides equip this outfit
wait mom yeah and you like my shoes hey
I'm about to take my 1 mil picture for
Instagram and I don't know this is it's
too small on me honestly I've had it for
a couple of years it's time to get a new
spiffy outfit this looks weird with the
beard no 1m soon not yet but soon I want
to do the helium from the balloons or
not yet until I hit 1 million ok but not
now I want to change huh who the girl
it's my ex she passed away so we made a
wax statue of her not really she's cute
though I sucked her toes when we were
dating
I didn't date Iowa I want to check my
life sub count guys let's check usually
I don't check my life sub caps but I
want to check it right now you know your
hair looks good robot is like him
9.8 every time I record there's why
don't record because someone unsub's oh
and they brought it back up shout out
that one was probably eric bledsoe no
Eric Bledsoe is gonna be my millions
nine nine five three nine five Sunday
almost 4 p.m. I don't know if we're
gonna hit it tonight or tomorrow we
don't know yet probably tomorrow or you
know if it's gonna be tonight yeah but
if it's tonight it's going to be really
late like middle of the night guys this
song is for everybody who unsub's when
I'm this close to a million please take
a thing of helium and sing that part ya
know just seeing it normal why not yeah
you do yeah you do owe me I actually
can't thank you right now
