this is not my good side wait when did
you get so sure oh god Jackie shrunk
over the past month all that stress
you're gonna be drinking what is going
on you guys Brandon here any cable
audits and today I'm here with Jackie
Jackie I don't know what I'm sorry so
the video will bring you guys today I
don't know we just thought it would be a
funny video for you guys we each pick
six year to build behind each other's
backs we are going to be playing guess
that youtubers age challenge hopefully
we don't offend anybody in this video
you know there are people on this earth
who look way older than they are or look
way younger than they actually are
hopefully this isn't the case today but
uh we'll see that's what makes the game
so fun for example me I'm only 22 but
all the wrinkles from stress like from
watching Phoenix Suns basketball and all
the time I had dating Jackie I look like
I'm 40
okay not now the time had baby Jackie
but all the Phoenix Suns games that I
watched all the stress they give me I
look like I'm 40 years old but I'm only
22 so every time after his son's game
like a bad Phoenix s logic you should
try to bring my wrinkles yeah you
literally you could see them like God so
bad anyways got it's time to start this
video you want to go first or should I
go first ladies first ladies Crisco
actually you go first
I'm competitive guys I want to win this
game especially against Jackie I'm
starting it with this Josh peg okay
that's true that's true he counts okay
Josh peg I used to be in love with
drinking Josh I love that show
if only I knew how old they were during
the show then I could just count how
many years the show has been cancelled
but I didn't know that so well I know
Drake Bell you know we talked I know
eight and I'm guessing they're around
the same age I'm gonna say Josh Peck is
30 oh my god you're so close 31 damn it
yeah now my turn for Jackman
Erika costal oh so silent not a surname
honestly I don't watch too many YouTube
videos Erika Jake Paul's girlfriend I
didn't even know how old she was when
our conversations like 20 to it she
doesn't one thing like super 22 is that
your final answer
no yeah it's Anissa 22 well I'm 22 years
old but Erika Costello is Kobe's numbers
she's 24 really yep okay so so far
neither of us got it right come on I
need to get one ride at least one Hey
jenna Marbles yeah Jenna hard see jenna
Marbles okay she looks young but in her
video she's like so mature like she's
maturity lady toss her dogs
I know okay I talked to mother I know
but she had a wedding for the dogs I'm
gonna say and she's been doing YouTube
for a while
she's a bet she's a very yeah a youtube
veteran I must say I'm gonna say she's
no 29 you're right which is 31 yeah oh
really okay do that change or no listen
guy yeah no no okay if you want to
market wrong you can mark a rock well
honestly I said 31 and I thought about
it and I said oh wait that's mean
because when she's not really 31 so I
said 29 but I honestly thought she was
31 so what does that mean does that
count or no I mean you're right so Lee
I guess who count it see this is why I
shouldn't have feelings I started
thinking about oh my god what if she
sees it and she gets mad because she's
not wanted I love you first of all and
you're so cute good good you know what
I'll count that wrong that's my fault no
no I counted wrong I got zero right I
got zero right Ethan from age to age
please um this was hard I want to say I
want to say he's like 30
- 3333 he's 32
shout out to Ethan his birthday is June
24th - June 23rd so we're one day apart
it's zero zero none of us have gone
anyway come on grand game okay they're
super mainstream buster
Oh Logan and Jake okay well I know Jake
Paul turned 21 so there's one and I I
could have sworn Logan was two years
older than him but I'm not sure if he
was to four years so I'm not sure
because I'm not like you're not me and
Brian like I'm two of these 21 uh it's
either 22 or 23 he's one of those ages
Jake is 21 Logan is Jordan you're 23 and
those girls cuz I feel bad okay so like
they're literally like the same you're
Dan
so I'm 22 and Brian's 21 Logan 22 Jake
so much so we're like the Paul Brothers
- the drama wait so do I get half a
point if I go on Jake right yeah yeah no
no you'll have it's all or nothing I
don't take half this next one
Ricky aka phase banks yeah this is hard
because you know what I feel like he of
that - he has to be like 25 is that your
final answer
yeah 26 we're so close yet so far
we both have zero points but every
answer we've given has been so close
okay so how many sides you know we're
not gonna get one right
Brandon likes aspic so it's not an ass
thing yeah I mean it is but it's not you
know that I like like the grass the
grass bag has a nice ass ever how old do
you think she is when you see over time
no I just like other pictures like I
like the background and I only take a
picture in that background
yeah yeah it's just a nice picture how
do you think she is um okay how do I not
know summer Rae's age I feel like she's
younger than me
can I get one hammer no no hints no okay
well I was gonna ask if she's younger
than me but either way like telling you
hurry no it's not
there's 21 years below me yeah well yeah
okay
I'm gonna guess he's younger than me I
don't think she's 21
I don't think she's 21 I'm gonna say 20
really yeah that's my final answer
she's 21 21 this year sober last year
all that 1986
like me okay so she's 21 for sure mmm at
least we're closer in age so we still
have zero
we both have okay this next one
PewDiePie how old do you think he is I
literally have no idea like I couldn't
even tell you like I know he looks
either young bald at least your biggest
hint would be that he's been doing
YouTube for a really long time he has to
be like 35 35 no okay okay okay that's
too much I'm sorry you say I'm sorry
like he's gonna see this video
the guy has a frickin 5 billion songs
yeah 35 he has to be 335 well I'm sorry
pretty pie if you do somehow see this
video he's 28 damn she gave you a plus 7
years
you must be a huge Suns fan watching
like yours okay so we each have two more
left
and we each have zero right this is
embarrassing
I'm embarrassed to call myself a
youtuber I don't even know the age of my
fellow peers but I got two more chances
and I
gotta get one of these rights so wait
you guys I never realized I feel like
you watch youtubers but you never think
of like oh how old they are ready yeah
guys a lot of people don't know this
about me but I don't watch too many
YouTube videos I don't watch a lot of
other youtubers because to me I'm like
yo if I'm watching something it's gonna
be basketball I'm checking the TV on and
I'm watching NBA basketball there's more
left if I don't get one of these two I'm
not gonna go to sleep tonight there's no
way okay this one right there okay
listen so I know Roscoe had the same
name as my brother yeah I'm close with
my system so I should know this Roscoe
has the same name as my brother Brian
they're both Brian and I could have
swore that not only did they share the
same name but they share the same
birthday now it comes down to were they
born in the same year so I know he's
British November 19th but what's he born
in 1996 yes rice gum is 21 years old
just like Brian yeah I knew it the other
easy one because he shares it with my
brother he shared everything with my
brother yeah they have the same birthday
the same name my rides gonna so I'm
exposing you to your fans it's real name
is brought in with a why not I okay so
now you have zero and you gotta make a
comeback this dude I'm really close to
him you've met it before you're really
close to his wife Chi Omar you know what
I met him I'm close to mean and stuff
but I've literally never have ever asked
I know I mean it's not like the first
thing you do when you meet someone isn't
here I'm Jackie how old are you like you
don't ask that so you just gotta get I
would have to say 23 what you think I
saw Mar 23 2014 2 ohm or was 13 years
old
blogging and uploading on YouTube in
today's generation I would believe it
but
I don't know about all that but it's up
to you is that your final answer
no look at me giving hey life story okay
he has to be will go through 30 no
that's like a lot so 27 27 yeah Kai's
Omar the og youtuber is 29 years old so
you missed it by 2 years 2 years you
missed it
okay so right now it's 1 to 0 we each
have one more picture left to show if I
get this right you lose you know that
right lots of jokes about you I want to
say that on top of you when you're
losing ok so if I get this right you are
eliminated because I'll give me 2 points
but we'll see if I get it wrong you saw
the chance this one I really don't think
you know because I've never asked okay
let's okay Molly
why'd you put me in this position now I
feel like I should know how old she is
because of Brian but at the same time
I've never asked how old she's I know
one thing I know one thing when I found
out how old she was a while ago which I
do not remember all I remember saying
was oh damn she's younger than she
actually looked she looked older than
what she is not in a bad way but she
looks a little more mature than when she
actually is I remember whatever I want
to answer if I want to say like 23 24 I
know she's younger than that and I know
wrong no I know she was younger she
looks like she's 23 or 24 but she's not
and I know Brian recently made a video
for her birthday like a couple months
ago Brian made a video surprising or
something what I just don't know exactly
how old she was attorney I'm gonna say
that she turned 21 nice one no okay I
know she's 20 right now she's 19 well
that's what she turned 19 there's no way
Molly oh hi Molly just turned 19 okay
see I knew she was younger than what she
actually looked but I didn't know she
was that young that's crazy okay so I
got that wrong I should have got it
right but uh yeah these that's proof I
respect Brian I don't get too close
to whatever but okay so right now guys
let me play the stakes jackie has zero
points I have one and I have one more
picture left to show her so she gets
this right she tied with me if she gets
it wrong it's over and I win this game
now this one is a little challenging
okay I didn't go one single youtuber I
didn't go to single youtubers but wait I
did something I didn't even go three
youtubers in this picture she is going
to have to guess the age of four
well three youtubers and one little
creature one little creature you have
phase road mama run papa run and my guy
Bosley you can start with the easiest
phase run because you guys 21 you guys
have the same age
now there's Bosley mama rogue in public
you know what if you get all three of
these right not only would I say you tie
with me but I'll give you the win I'll
give you the whole win cuz you're
getting all the right way I feel like
your mom has never told me her age in
her entire life
you think the mom has never told you her
age to you you think she's never told me
her age you think wait I swear she's
never admitted her birthday wait start
with Bob Lee because I feel like if you
don't know by to leave because that's my
best friend and everyone should know how
about his birthday to me huh a second so
for those who don't know Bosley looks
like he's 30 or 40 years old no he
doesn't he's so cute yeah he's a cute 40
year old but he's not that old guys he's
like mom he looks older than what he
actually is what's your final answer for
Bob's age three that is wrong
that's like you could guess my age wrong
you guess my mom they draw my dad's age
on that's fine but you have the nerve to
get posit no no I mean it's cool it's
cool that just showed you never loved me
the whole entire time we were dating and
you never loved my dog no I'm just
saying that's what it shows me I mean it
was fun making this video four years and
eight months old he turns five on May
2nd he's four years and eight and a half
months old yeah I did I took him to
Chuck E Cheese look I still have the
tickets I still have the tickets I still
haven't played my life you know that
well it was nice knowing you Jackie
Jacqueline I should say no I'm serious I
mean it's cool and all but you know what
for the sake of you know being amateur
you too religious and the video my mom
and dad let's not say how old they are
on video I want to say they're both like
maybe 45 hey mom that's messed up my mom
just changed 21 oh yeah that's insane
damn she gave you a plus 24 years tell
me what you actually never told me your
birthday of my entire life
hey you call this a new no one knows her
real name anyways guys thank you so much
for watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it with something a little
different I want to try this out and I
hope it came out funny I and the winner
but I'm still shamed of myself with you
Amanda mm-hmm I'm so ashamed of myself
you know I'm like youtuber and I only
guess one right that's crazy but I'm
more ashamed of Jackie for not knowing
bazi
eight like that's why I was a huge here
yeah have to like throw in like a huge
birthday party I'm gonna take it to
Benihana where they cook the food in
front of you on the grill for the
chicken anyways got drop a like on this
video if you enjoyed subscribe to this
channel if you are new I'm gonna have to
think of a severe punishment for Jackie
for magazine buzzes age but
for what for you being sure that someone
fall I'm really not that sure I really
don't know what happened how old are you
I'm five nine and you're what five three
yeah that's normal I love you guys all
my guy peace out guys I can never ever
find the right word just there's no way
this is real life there's no telling
your the right girl so I can only say
that it feels right it feels right
