ah what is going on you guys Brandon
here aka robot is 1 million sobre wadis
if you can't tell I have I stole Brian's
lighting for one video if I honestly
look directly at it I'm fucking blind so
let's just let it hit my face make me
look a little hotter because I'm ugly
dude so just make me look a little
hotter and yeah let's get it going so
first I want to say that this is going
to be a strictly a like talking video
kind of tell you guys a little bit about
my life a thank you
it's not going to be an entertainer
video I'm not going to go out of my
house I'm not going to do anything
special so if you're not interested in
that then I'm I'm warning you don't have
to watch it but if you're interested in
that and getting to know a little bit
more about my life and kind of what I
have to go through to get these 1
million subscribers then feel free to
stay and I think if you're going to say
you should watch from beginning to end
because it doesn't make sense to skip
parts in this it's going to tell you a
lot and uh oh I'm excited to tell my
story ok I might get a little emotional
because this was it was crazy this this
journey is if I want to say one thing is
for sure one thing if I can say one
thing it's that I would have never in my
life ever think that out I would hit a
million subs that I would be the owner
of a channel with over 1 million
subscribers I would be someone creating
content for over 1 million people to
watch I would never ever think that in
my life so just being able to say that
and and it's just surreal that that like
I said all along 5 ever hit 1 million
subs it would be a crazy feeling and and
I wouldn't be able to describe it and it
was even crazier when I actually looked
at the suite and I saw over a million
subs and I saw all those people who
stayed up late to support me in and I
just fucking love you guys so much I
love you guys so much the amount of
people who stayed up till 11 p.m. 12 P
12 a.m. one in the morning when last I
was a Sunday people have school the next
day people have work and people stayed
up just to see me hit 1 million subs
it means so listen you guys don't get
paid for staying up you guys I didn't
promise a video at that time you guys
literally stayed up just to see me hit 1
million and that didn't benefit you guys
at all and you still did it it just
means it's all the little things that
you guys do it means so much to me and I
hope you guys don't think I don't notice
them because I noticed like I noticed
everything you guys do and it means so
much to me but let me just get this
started um this this milestone this 1
million subscriber achievement I can
easily say is the biggest accomplishment
of my life of my entire life and I go to
college I've taken pretty big tests I've
taken big finals my job before YouTube I
was interviewing NBA players I was
getting media credentials to go
backstage so for me to say that this 1
million subscribers shit in from up oh
my god ah how the fuck don't answer died
how big red is their heart okay so for
me to say that this is my biggest
accomplishment or achievement is not
saying anything small that's a huge deal
and and look ah this video is coming
straight from the heart it is straight
from the heart
I have no script I have no practice at
this videos not going to have any cuts
this is me speaking from my heart from
the bottom of my heart to you guys and
in my opinion before we go on before we
start officially start this video to me
maybe because I'm a little older 21
years old it's easy to tell it's really
easy to tell when people are just saying
oh I love you guys oh thank you and
they're bullshitting but I want you guys
to look me in the eyes just look at my
face and when I say I love you guys and
I'm thanking you guys for everything
you've done for me I mean it and I feel
like you should be able to tell just
look I mean it I love you guys to death
you guys are I used to say you guys are
my second family but honestly what
separates you guys from these people
that live in my home other than blood
you guys are like my first family
everything I tell them everything I
share with them I share with you guys I
love you guys you guys are like my
family but let me just get this started
um so I want to start this video I know
I know people thinking I know people
to me and if you don't say to me I know
there's a part of you that think it a
lot of people think that you know I was
handed all this fame I was pretty much
handed a career and handed a million
subs by my brother and hey you have a
brother with almost 3 million subs and
who's in one of the biggest gaming clans
in the world no matter how much work you
put into your videos no matter how many
videos you have that blow up no matter
how many videos you upload a day no
matter how many subscribers you have
you're always going to have that
attached to your back oh you only got a
big off your brother I've learned to
accept it I've learned it's not going to
go away so that doesn't bother me
anymore but I just wanted to say that I
could easily sat back like this I could
have easily sat back and said oh I have
a famous brother let me just get big off
him but no you know what I did my
brother got me started he shouted me out
a few times when I first made my channel
and I worked and I grind and I uploaded
every single day and I stay up and I
lose sleep and I try my best to put out
videos for you guys and I work I work
hard and I could have easily just sat
back and said oh let me just wait for my
brother um you know every single day I
don't even need to make any videos maybe
once a week but but I'm getting off
topic I just want to tell you guys that
I haven't shared this with you guys yet
I don't like to talk about it really but
I feel like now's the right time I
didn't have an easy life growing up um
and I'm not saying this for sympathy I'm
not saying this so people could feel bad
I'm just straight up telling you guys
about my life um so and this is what
maintaining 1 million subscribers so so
special ever since I was a kid I'd say
every so when was 9/11 9/11 you guys all
know what that is September it was in I
was I was I was a little kid I was in
elementary school when that happened me
being Middle Eastern
it was not it was not an easy thing for
a kid a child to grow up and kind of how
do I say this go through there because I
didn't go to preschool so kind of start
off their career in school and start out
their first moment to school which are
supposed to be so memorable as a Middle
Eastern cater right after 9/11 it just
it it was it was not good I don't want
to share exactly the experiences I had
but I didn't enjoy it it was not it was
not a good experience um going to middle
school because you know after 9/11 there
was that wasn't the only Middle Eastern
terrorist attack there were multiple
there was a war with Iraq I'm from Iraq
my parents are from Iraq how do you
think it felt growing up as a kid I
understand if I'm an adult and someone
called me a terrorist okay but I'm a
little kid and elementary school I
started when I was five years old up
until in middle school um 10 11 12 years
old and I'm losing friends because I'm
Middle Eastern I'm being called a
terrorist people don't want to hang out
with me because I'm Middle Eastern and
there was nothing I could do to control
that the more the news and media put out
that middle Easterns are bad people the
more hey I got as a person in school and
for someone who already didn't have that
many friends it's Elementary School in
Middle School which are supposed to be
memorable fun years in your life you
know the easy parts of your school
career people are racist people are
racist even little kids and I went
through that when I was a kid you know I
had my own family members that went to
school with me not my brother but I had
my own family members pretty much
threatened me to lie and tell people
that I was either a Mexican or I was
Italian and not say that I was Middle
Eastern just to save our reputation and
you know what I said I said no I said
what the fuck even as a kid I said I'm
not gonna lie if I'm Middle Eastern I'm
Middle Eastern I'm Cali and I'm gonna
say it I remember one time I got me and
one of the one of my
memories I went to school with gone to
fight because she would tell me every
day like hey I'm telling people I'm
Italian everybody knows we're cousins so
you tell people you're Italian - I don't
want this hate people are making fun of
me I'm losing friends just because of
our race or a culture and neither one
anymore what do I do
I don't listen I'm not gonna lie and say
I'm Italian or or Mexican I'm
middle-eastern so people would start
finding out they would say hey you're
your other family member who you say is
your cousin says you guys are Middle
Eastern and and I would get in a fight
with them and I'd be like I'm sorry I'm
not gonna lie about my race this is all
while I was a kid this is all while I
was 10 11 12 years old and it was just
so weird because I live in a household
where being Middle Eastern was was such
a such a good thing like my parents
praised being Middle Eastern they taught
me to love my culture they taught me to
love that I have parents who were born
in Iraq it's it's unique and that I'm
Chaldean that I'm Catholic and they told
me to embrace that but then I go to
school and I have people who don't want
to be my friend or don't want to eat
with me because of that so it was just
so like I don't know and racism still
goes on to this day and it's just as bad
if not worse but I've learned to deal
with it but just imagine that as a kid
it's not it's a very bad thing so then
you move on you go to high school and
you know my best friend all the heeds
he's a six foot one six foot two
basketball player even in high school
and me I was I was 4 foot 8 inches as a
freshman in high school I was 4 foot 10
as a sophomore a 16 year old kid who was
4 foot 10 I was even 5 feet I would try
to I would always want to play
basketball I would always want to play
with the team I would always shoot
around them you know what I got bro get
the fuck off the court you're too short
bro what the fuck you doing here you're
not even five feet tall get off I was I
was known my first couple years of high
school dude you're not gonna get on the
team just by hanging out with the team
blah blah blah and I just took it I knew
like
I took it okay um I was known as the kid
who would hang out with the basketball
team just to get on the team even though
all he had been my best friend since
kindergarten
that was not my intentions at all I
would shoot around with the basketball
team play with them just for fun I never
wanted to play on the team because I'm a
Phoenix Suns fan and I didn't want to
miss any Phoenix Suns games but I got
that image of bro stop stop smooching
off your friend you're not gonna make
the team and I just took it I mean I was
small I didn't really have any friends
so I wasn't gonna fire back okay there
was that there was also later on I never
went to parties I never smoked drinked
or drank my Belle I'm a fucking idiot
you wonder why I got so much hate I
never smoked drank went out to parties
you know what my fun was even when I was
16 17 years old as a junior and senior
in high school when everybody's living
it up going to parties and smoking
getting high drinking and all that you
know what I would do go to the gym I
would play basketball okay
you know what I'll get at school I would
have no friends because I wasn't I
wasn't cool I wasn't fucking drinking
and smoking and on Friday nights instead
of Oh where's the address at let's go
hit up that party I was at home watching
the son's game and you know what I got
at school I got hate for that like I had
no friends because of that for me being
a good person who just wanted to go to
the gym and watch basketball rather than
go out and rob people and and steal from
stores and go get drunk and go out till
2:00 3:00 in the morning on Friday
nights but instead I'd rather go to
sleep and watch some basketball
I got hate I had I had no friends I had
one friend Ollie I had another one for a
couple years 12 and then my senior year
I met Lawrence and he liked to go out he
liked the party so then people would
think oh you're just mooching off him to
go to parties because you couldn't go
there on your own and I'm just like I
don't like going to put like
I don't know I had I was I was always
criticized for whatever reason I was
always doubted for being a good person
um but you know the one thing let me
tell you this let me tell you why I have
something that says stay humble and let
me tell you why I always preach being
real and not changing how easy would it
have been for me my parents are chill my
parents are chill you guys know my mom
and dad if I wanted to go to a party I
could have went to a party I had a car
if I wanted to get drunk I would have
got drunk what would that do to me it
would make me cool it would make me have
more friends if I went to a party I
would meet hundreds of people if I stay
home watching a son's game who's around
me zero people you know what going out
and getting drunk and smoking with game
you'll get me more Fame more popularity
it would make me cool at school I said
fuck that I don't like doing it my hobby
my passion is sitting at fucking home
and watching basketball if you want to
hate me you could hate me but I'm not
going to change just to be more cool I'm
not going to change for that I could
have easily told my cousin's okay I'll
lie and say that I'm Mexican and I would
stop getting hate for being Middle
Eastern but no I'm Middle Eastern I
don't need to lie that was my mindset
ever since I was a kid I'm not gonna
switch up I'm not gonna change just to
be cooler and that applies to YouTube
I'm not gonna change the way I am and
the way I add just to get more followers
or just to look more cool on camera I'm
not gonna do that I am Who I am I am
Brandon Awad is I love going to the gym
I love watching basketball and that's
what I do
I like being goofy I don't like acting
cool I like recording myself in a plain
white tea and bouncing ball George I
don't need to dress up for the camera
and if that's a a I'll kill myself oh no
I don't need I know a lot of people
don't show the camera I'm not ready I
don't care you guys could see me you
guys are like my family the hold on I'm
not done
so it's one thing to be doubted made fun
of have no friends like I said you know
I can count the amount of people that
were my friends in middle school in high
school on one hand twelve all the
lorentz I knew a lot of people but I
didn't talk to anybody I legitimately
had two or three friends my whole life
that's it I didn't have any friends I
didn't have any friends and that's
because I didn't put myself out there to
be cool and oh let me hang out with you
because I want to be cool no I say to
myself and I promise myself don't change
just to be cooler because that's not
what you like to do but let me finish
it's one thing to be doubted and shit
talked and made fun of as a kid it's one
thing to be doubted and made fun of and
and like pretty much spoken so lower in
high school yourself kid but then I
reach my adult age is at 20 and 21 and
I'm still doubted I'm still doubted oh
you get all yourselves from your brother
you don't work hard your little brother
is more successful than you I'm a grown
man I'm 21 years old and I'm hearing
this on a daily basis I've had people
try to bring me down you've seen some
youtubers if they've tried to bring me
down not because I'm a bad person not
because I have bad intentions but simply
for the fact that they've been making
videos for years and they don't have as
many subs as me but for me since I'm
related to somebody who's so big like my
brother they think that I got it all
handed to me and they hate me and they
personally try to bring me down and I'm
just not a believer in that if someone
is doing good and someone has good
intentions why would you hate them like
I'm not waking up and killing someone
I'm not waking up and making plans to
rob a bank I'm waking up it's not my
fault that my brother is famous that's
not my fault
I didn't force my mom and dad to give
birth to somebody with 3 million subs
it's not my fault that I live here I
don't really don't understand but hold
on I'm not done as a grown man I was
getting hated 21 years old I'm getting
hate oh you know without your brother
you'd be on the fucking streets you use
your brother all that and I wish I could
say that this came from random people
but the fact that
came from some close friends and
honestly I hate to say but some family
members
I've been doubted by some very own
family members just like this for
example I don't want to make this a big
deal because whatever but my brother
hits a million everybody in their moms
and their grandma and their fucking
everyone in the world Congrats Congrats
Congrats
I hit a million okay my mom text me my
girlfriend text me Bryan congratulating
me my dad that's it
no no one else cared why because I guess
I'm the second one to do it but that's
just like again to me like I don't
really care it doesn't affect me that
much I would appreciate it if someone
like oh and Ollie of course Ollie and
Jordan hit me up and a lot of friends
from the gym but some of my own family
members it's just like I don't know um
so I've pretty much been doubted and
shit talked and I was like my whole life
I just success is the best revenge and
the whole and then let me tell you this
you guys think oh you and Jackie have
the best relationship all that there's a
lot of things that go on off-camera like
there's some times we argue and it's bad
arguments sometimes we get in fights and
I don't put that on camera
and people think I have a perfect life
and and don't get me wrong what I say
right now I know people have probably
had a way tougher life than me some
people go through parents and divorce
some people go through real life
depression this might be like fucking a
dream life for you guys so I apologize
if I'm making it sound like I want
sympathy from you guys or that I want
you to feel bad that's not my intention
at all I know a lot of people have had
much harder life than me but even for me
to make Jackie my girlfriend wasn't easy
and it came with a lot of a lot of
things that I'll never talk about even
you realize that everything I just told
you in this video that's what I'm
comfortable talking to you guys about
there's a lot of things that happened
when I was a kid
and when I was in the door and even
recently that I don't want to say on
camera so when people think I have a
perfect life okay hold on I'm getting
too too carried away um where was I so
yeah so so I'm always gonna be second
fiddle to my brother I'm always gonna be
like oh you're only visited because of
your brother or your brother did
everything first all that and that
wouldn't affect me but honestly some of
my own people that I thought were close
friends some of my own more distant
family members are not even going to
send a congratulations text and that's
proved to me that that they think I got
everything from my brother you realize
when I when I cuz I when I first started
YouTube all's may be uploading like once
a week with that little MBA show the
second I stepped my foot down and I said
I'm gonna make youtube a lifestyle I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna make it on
YouTube I'm not gonna sit back and wait
for my brothers shoutouts I'm not gonna
sit back and hope people subscribe to me
I'm gonna go out I'm gonna make good
content I'm gonna put my heart and soul
into this editing into these videos and
I'm gonna make it on YouTube you know
when I started doing that and like I
used to hang out my family a lot but I
kind of like stopped hanging out with
them because I was too busy it takes
long to make videos you know you know
instead of getting text saying hey I
understand you're busy keep doing you
good job I would get a text like I don't
want to say them but oh you think you're
too cool for us now ba ba ba and I don't
know it's and I would be growing I would
be putting in sin and then same amount
of work into my videos and I'll be
growing I'll be hitting 400 K 500k 600 K
I'd be getting a hundred thousand subs
in a month and I've got a text from a
family member and I try I want to open
it hoping that says hey Congrats you you
worked hard for this and instead I get
it saying oh you did your you think
you're too cool now that you have this
many subs I don't hang out with us fuck
you like all this and I'm just like
alright so and like I said this is not
everything there's a lot of things that
go on my point for all this video is
all the hay and all the doubt that I got
it was so fucking easy for me to say you
know what I could change I could act
fake and change who I am as a person and
people would start liking me but you
know what I did I didn't fucking change
I'm a boy who lives with his parents who
loves watching basketball and loves
talking about basketball and loves
playing basketball and I'm not gonna
change that and that's what people need
to understand you think I would have got
where I was today
if in high school someone told me yo
you're a fucking Punk you don't go to a
party and I said you know what fine I'll
go to a party you think I'd be where I'm
at today no I let people talk shit on me
I let people talk down on me I cut
people off who weren't good influences
to me I tell people OFF who they have
good intentions and look where I'm at
today I just want to say for every
single person who watches my videos and
they're down and they're depressed and
and they feel like you know nobody loves
them that might be true but cut out but
nobody because you know at least one
person loves you I love you I love you
guys so much and and and to me I just
wanna I wanna I want to give that listen
you guys have changed my life so fucking
much you guys have have taken my life
from oh my gosh you guys have you guys
have brought so much joy so much
excitement so much happiness and I know
it sounds corny but you guys have
brought all that to me all of it to me
and you guys think from me just by
creating good content is enough to repay
you guys I wish I could repay you guys
bye bye
hold on there's fucking an I wish I
could repay you guys so much more but I
just can't you know what I wish I wish I
could show up to each and every single
one of my subscribers doors and and give
them a huge hug I wish I could show up
to every single person who has supported
me and and give them $500 I wish
like you guys think oh thank you you do
so much for us no you guys do so much
for me you guys do like how do I say
this as as much of a role model as you
guys think I am as much as you guys look
up to me I look up to all of you guys
because what you guys don't know that by
you just sitting back into your bed
watching my videos and commenting haha
I laughed or haha funny video you guys
are changing my life you guys are making
like that's what people don't understand
and I love look you guys are always
there for me if I'm down and I tweet
something you guys all race to me and oh
what's wrong how can I help bro feel
better you guys are literally black my
second family if not closer you guys are
my best friends
you guys are like you guys have changed
my life so fucking much and only in a
positive way and I can't ever thank you
enough like you guys are the friends
that I never had in high school you you
guys are like like let me tell you I I
never gave up you know what I did you
know when I first got my fucking gym
membership I would wait and wait and
wait at the side of the door on the
basketball crowd wait for someone to
pick me up I would wait I'll be like hey
do you have do you have five people to
play with because I want to play and
they would lie to my face they would say
oh yeah we already have five people to
play with sorry you know what I did I
didn't hire a coach I hire a trainer I
didn't practice with anybody I practice
on my fucking own I taught myself
outside right here I would go to the gym
at 11 p.m. and play by myself and teach
myself and you know now I walk into the
gym I want to do the basketball quick
and people scream my name oh hey we need
what come on come play with us come on I
walk in and people begged me to play
with them and I taught myself everything
that I know on the court I suck I used
to suck at basketball I was small I
couldn't play at all and you know what I
did I fucking I told myself I love
basketball like I can't be this bad at
something I love
I'll look in the moon and I would say
nobody even wants to play with me and I
talk this much about basketball
something needs to change and now people
text me a can you come play like we need
you all that and it's just like to me I
never changed I kept doing what I love
that's why to me man I've been doing
YouTube for over a year if you don't
like my videos by now please stop
commenting hey I don't like your style I
don't like the way you blubber ball cuz
I'm not gonna change this is me I'm I'm
a firm believer in being yourself do
what you like
look at this I'm hanging out with the
Phoenix Sun I'm getting texts from Eric
Bledsoe I'm getting DMS from Devin
Booker you think I would accomplish that
if in high school I said you know what I
love basketball but that's not going to
make me cool what's gonna make me cool
is going to party so I'm going to do
that you think but just do what you guys
love and I don't know how much Marcus
stressed that and if if you guys ever
need someone to talk to I try to be
there for you guys but there's so many
people out there over a million people I
just can't be there for everybody and I
wish I could I'm so blessed to be in a
position where people look up to me and
people people want to be like me and I
want to take full advantage of that I
want to give back as much as I could out
an aunt just bit me fuck ends fuck aunt
no no aunt could watch this video mmm
but yeah guys I don't know I feel like
I'm ranting too much my whole point
my whole thing about this was I didn't
have an easy life
I didn't and there's way more that I
don't want to sound care man I won't say
on camera um a lot of people think that
I got everything really easy and that's
not the case but I'm out here to make
this about me but I just want to know
that I want to let you guys know the
whole point of this video was for all
the people who think they're down and
they're depressed and they have
something going on in their life I was
in your shoes that's why I try to make
you guys
late to me so fucking much that's why I
don't want to feel like oh you know bruh
wadis the famous youtuber no I want to
feel like when you guys tell your
friends oh you know bro what is my
friend he makes YouTube videos that's
what I want even if I don't know you
personally I've been in your shoes I
know what it feels like to be down when
you guys tweet me saying hey bruh what
is I felt depressed but I watch your
videos and you make me feel so much
better I don't just read the tweet I
actually feel it and I understand what
you guys are saying and I just I wish I
could be there for you guys that's why
to me I've always been one too no matter
how much hate I got no matter how much
whatever I put other people in front of
me you know if I'm happy but someone I
love isn't happy fuck that I'm not happy
then so I wanna make to me I'm so
blessed to be in a position where when
someone's down all I have to do is
favorite.we and they're happy when
someone's down all I have to do is
upload a video and they're happy it
means so much to me that I have the
power to do that and I want to take full
100% advantage of it I don't want
anybody to feel down I don't want
anybody to feel depressed especially
kids kids can't handle that i hain't
bullying I hate racism it's fuckin
bullshit to me I don't care if you're a
black white asian Hispanic Middle
Eastern it doesn't fucking matter if you
wake up and you have good intentions why
does it matter the color of your fucking
skin I don't get that if you wake up and
you say tonight you know I'm a rob a
bank and I'm gonna kill the owner of the
bank why does it matter if you're black
Asian Middle Eastern Hispanic or white
if those are your intentions you're a
bad person regardless of the color of
your skin if you wake up and say you
know what tonight I want to donate ten
dollars to a charity and I want to help
an older lady with groceries why the
fuck doesn't matter the skin color or
the race or the religion why does it
matter if you're a good person you're a
good person if you're a bad person
you're a bad person everyone should be a
good person but why the fuck does the
skin color matter if those are your
intentions to to be good at it and
you're a good person
and I hate when people have to think I
hate when people think that they got a
switch up or they gotta not be
themselves just to get friends or get
popularity you know what I say if you're
a freshman or sophomore in high school
and you have no friends because you're
not going out and partying but you don't
like to go out and party brawl just take
those last two years
I know it's hard I know it's hard to
just sit back and take all the hate just
for not being cool but honestly just
take the hate because I'm telling you
once you graduate high school and you
could do what you want it's so worth it
don't step into a lifestyle that you
don't want to be in because honestly I
know so many people who have been ruined
by that lifestyle I know so many people
have been ruined by drugs and alcohol
just because in high school they wanted
to be cool for a year just be yourself
if if you like to play video games play
video games if you like to fucking go to
sleep 20 hours of the day go to sleep
Bosley does it like hey if you like to
party and drink and smoke I'm not saying
anything bad I don't think you should be
doing it that often but hey if that's
what you like to do then do it but just
don't make people feel down because
you're doing something that they like
and that's why to me like I said I don't
want to be known as a famous youtuber I
don't want to be known as oh my god bro
what it's like my tweet I want to be
known as I'm your guys's friend like I'm
your guys's homey I want you guys to say
oh did you see what my homie uploaded
today he uploaded a video it was funny
like I wanna I want I make my videos
every time I make a video I try to make
it to where you guys can feel like
you're my friend like you're watching
someone that you can you know personally
even though you don't know me personally
that's why I guess from I know people
are like bro look at how Casey Neistat
is his vlog you don't even funny edits
your soul raw I do that purposely
because I want you guys to feel that
you're right next to me I want you to
feel you're right here while you're
watching my videos I want you to feel a
connection from me to you and like I
said this video is getting way too long
but my whole point of this video is I
didn't switch up my whole entire fucking
life not for any reason now forget
bully now for not having friends not for
being known as smooching off my younger
brother not from getting doubted by my
own family I didn't switch up one big
not one and look where it got me and
success is the best revenge
don't do something you don't like do
what you love
follow your heart I know it sounds
cliche I know it sounds Oh everybody
says that but just listen to me I know
how you guys feel for all the people who
feel down and everything I know how you
guys feel and at the same time for all
the people who are fucking happy and
love life I know how you feel too
because i there's been many times in my
life when I've been super happy but just
know that no matter what things get
better no matter what if you keep being
yourself and you keep do doing you you
might get some hate here and there but
just know that in the long run it's
gonna pay off like just be a good person
don't have bad intentions and sooner or
later people are going to realize that
me in high school I have good intentions
I didn't want to go to parties I didn't
want to get drunk and drive I didn't
want to smoke weed and come home with
bloodshot red eyes and face my own mom
who raised me and lets me live at her
own home I wanted to be a good kid what
does that get me hey but how about after
hustle when everybody grew up and
everybody started becoming more mature
they looked at me and they were like hey
like maybe I should have hung out with
you in high school because you were a
good kid and I was smart I was getting
good grades I never failed the class my
whole life I've never failed the class
my whole life except in college when I
got hacked that's the only time I fail
the class and I just um no I told myself
I wouldn't cry on camera but um I just
want you guys to know you guys changed
my life so fucking much and to everybody
who says oh but but you bruh wadis you
changed my life no you changed my life I
might have changed your life a little
but that doesn't talk what you guys did
for me and to me I find the most
coolest thing anybody has ever told me
more ridiculous than you got all
yourself from your brother more
ridiculous than your a fucking terrorist
go kill yourself what's more ridiculous
to me and the worst thing I could ever
hear is that I don't care about my fans
when someone tells me I don't care about
my fans I want a fucking oh my god
because I know some youtubers personally
I've met a lot of youtubers and there
are some of them who don't care about
their fans okay guys my camera literally
died because I was talking so much but I
charge up for a little so I need to end
this video here cuz it barely has any
charge um really quick mmm this is why
this is all so crazy to me going from a
nobody who literally nobody cared about
and nobody gave a fuck about to having a
million-plus people follow my life on a
daily basis and and care so much to know
like all about me and everything that I
do and just are so interested in my life
is thank you for my heart
from me to you guys thank you so much
and I love you guys and all the success
that I've found the 1 million subs you
know just everything I hope and whatever
you guys want to do whether that's
YouTube or make it in a professional
sport or become a doctor I hope you guys
find as much success as I did because
everybody deserves to feel this way it's
a crazy feeling I can't stop smiling
from from last night to today I just
can't stop smiling I've cried tears of
joy I thought that was only possible to
cry from watching the Suns lose I
actually cried from from all this and it
means so much to me I'll never ever find
a way to repay you guys I'll never find
a way to give back as much as you've
given me and uh it's a few quick little
shoutouts first and foremost I want to
say thank you to my mom and dad because
they have supported me like crazy
through all of this
they're always before my dad goes to
work or after work hey Brandon you know
do you need me to do a video like a
challenge you want me to be in your vlog
ok my mom wakes up before she goes and
gets her hair that before she goes to
the mall hey Brandon do you need
anything food something while I'm
editing so thank you to them they've
supported me so much also do I even need
to say thank you to my bro
I thank him so much off-camera because
come on I'm not delusional
my brother kick-started my channel so
much and if it wasn't for him I would
not be this far and just thank you to my
brother if if I were to say everything I
need to be thankful for my brother for
the camera would run out of charge again
I appreciate my brother heavily he's
about to hit three million sold which is
insane I love him um no but really I
think it's insanely cool that in all
other families that younger brother
looks up to the older brother and my
brother looks up to me a lot in a lot of
different ways but the fact that I could
look up to him in this whole internet
world that my me being the older brother
looks up to to my younger brother it's
cool I like that so thank you to my
brother
also thank you to my girlfriend who she
goes out of her way every single day to
make me happy she was working two jobs
now she works 40 hours a week she goes
to school full-time and she still makes
time she does whatever I want whatever
makes me happy even if it doesn't make
her happy she'll do it um I also want to
say shout out to her because she never
really liked the camera she never really
liked just she liked living a private
life we were dating for months before
she would ever appeared in her first
vlog so I want to thank her because I
know she was very uncomfortable with all
this at first she was really
uncomfortable because when she started
dating me I didn't do YouTube so she
didn't know what she signed up for and
she was a very private person we were a
private couple so this has been huge for
her and I want to thank her because
sometimes she's uncomfortable with the
camera and her face and she does she
does so much for me so babe I love you
thank you for supporting me to
everything obviously a huge thank you to
all of you guys I want to fuckin tell
you guys to every single day every
single step along my journey I want you
guys to be there for me from the day I
move out to the day I get married to the
day I have a kid to the day I maybe work
for the sons to everything I just want
you guys to be there for me because
whatever I tell my mom and dad I want to
tell you
guys because you guys are like family to
me like I want to also give a shout-out
to Bosley he hates people I love him so
there's that and to all my haters over
the Internet and even in real life thank
you because honestly you guys made me
the man I am today whether that was in
high school
whether that's over the Internet whether
that's distant family members thank you
I appreciate your hate because if it
wasn't for you guys I would have thought
life was super easy and I would have
just sat back and relax but you guys
made me work harder so thank you because
you guys got me a million subs
also shout out to my close friends Ollie
and Jordan out shout out to the bro
added squad we in the building shout out
to ollie shout out to Jordan
shout out to my close friends out the
gym all congratulating me last night
just just guys I could sit here and say
how crazy this feeling is and how good
this feeling is but honestly there were
not words made in the English dictionary
or any other language that could
describe this feeling this feeling is so
fucking crazy and like I said I hope
everybody who has a goal I hope that
accomplish it just know I'm there for
you guys and I hope you guys all the
cheaper goals and I love you so much
that I I noticed everything you guys do
for me and I love you guys I can't say
that enough um I honestly don't tell
anybody don't tell phousi you guys are
the best family on YouTube okay Shh you
guys are the best filming - don't tell
my brother and his Rugrats don't tell
anybody else Sherman nation don't say
anything
you guys bro Watts Claude Rd best family
and I'm gonna do whatever I could in my
power to make you guys happy I love you
guys so much thank you for this
accomplishment um I really can't stop
smiling life is really really good right
now and I look forward to I look for
wait first of all how the fuck did I
talk this long without a script or
without any cuts or anything anyways I
look forward to every single thing that
life throws my way whether it's good bad
or just neutral I'm prepared for it just
know that you know sometimes if I'm
feeling down and I can't make a video
whatever not everything I do goes on
camera so I might be feeling down from a
really bad problem or something and I
don't want to say it so don't just
assume that oh stop being a pussy you
know you have nothing
in your life to keep that in mind I
fucking love you guys I'm depressed
because school starts everyone tells me
dude stop going to college you have a
million subs I say no I'm almost in
school school starts in like two weeks
I'm depressed but I love you guys this
video was way longer than it needed to
be but I just I can't I can't express
enough how much I owe you guys and to
all you guys thank you to everybody who
watched this whole video
you deserve a fucking damn batch of
popcorn a huge bucket of popcorn I look
forward to many many many more videos
many more days filled with videos for
you guys but while it's well thank you
and I seriously mean it when I say I
love you because you guys got me where I
am today if there's one thing I could
guarantee is that the same Broadus that
you saw today the same but waters you
saw last year is going to be the same
broadest that you see as long as you
watch my channel I promised myself I
promised you guys and I promise all my
friends and family I will never ever let
the fame change me whether I have 1
million subs 100 subs or 100 million
subs I'm never gonna change
I didn't change through all the
controversy I dealt with growing up and
I'm now gonna change now ok so let me
just happen over there I'm still gonna
be the same fucking idiot who tries to
make people laugh every single day with
his cringy ass jokes stay humble no
matter what you do no matter what you
achieve no matter how successful you get
in any field just remember stay humble
because somebody could be on top one day
and the very next day they wake up and
they're all the way on the bottom so you
never know what could happen you never
know what life has planned for you so
just stay humble that's the biggest
thing and I love you guys that's it I
love you guys oh and it's amazing to me
how quickly life turns around because a
year and a half ago you guys knew the
position I was in I just explained in
this video
fast forward one year later I'm living
the life with I can't even walk out of
my house without someone asking for an
autograph or a picture
it's crazy I can't even shop out the
mall without people recognizing me I
have so much support from all you guys
I'm tied down I'm dating the girl that I
plan to marry and supports me to
everything unconditional love and I got
all of you guys behind me so thank you
so much
wait guys I'm getting carried away I
know I set out and the fucking video
soon but hey it's not a Broadus video if
I actually end it when I salmon end the
video you know I keep them going long I
just want to say two really quick things
one I wanted to say that the biggest
thing I go by aside from staying humble
the second biggest thing is you got to
stay hungry what I mean by that is not
don't eat for two days and then don't
fucking eat when someone offers you food
I don't mean that I mean that for
example for me when I got one single
subscriber on YouTube and now that I
have a million I don't I'm never gonna
let myself get content and say oh well
you know I got a million cells I could
relax take my foot off the gas and just
you know I already have a big fan base I
don't need to try that hard no fuck that
fuck that I hate that shit I'm gonna I'm
gonna keep doing exactly what I've been
doing even though I have a million subs
because what got me from one subscriber
to a million subscribers obviously doing
what I'm doing now so why would I stop I
strive for the best I strive to be
greater than what I already am I strive
that when I wake up in the morning I
need to be a better person than what I
was the night that I went to sleep
oh I don't really sleep but still I hate
when people get satisfied or content
with their success because that's when
everything starts going what downhill if
you make it like me I made it a million
subs that's nice next day wake up okay
what can I do to get better
I hate because let me just say this when
you're a youtuber with this many subs
and you've already got an established
fanbase and you know for a fact people
are still gonna watch your videos it's
easy to say you know what I don't need
to try that hard I'm gonna get views
regardless but no I fucking hate that
mindset I fucking hate it I will never
be content or satisfied I will never sit
back and say oh why don't I have a
million cells I don't you try that hard
no I'm still gonna be saying up every
night editing my videos I'm still gonna
be doing every single thing that I've
been doing to get to a million more I'm
gonna be doing the same thing I'm not
gonna stop I'm not gonna take my foot
off the gas just because I've reached a
goal I hate that I'm
ever satisfied you gotta stay hungry
whatever you do if you accomplish it try
to find a way to get even better try to
find a way to accomplish something even
greater now I got one mill when my gold
plug comes in I'm not gonna say oh this
looks nice I'm done no I'm saying how
can I get ten mill and I'm gonna try to
be greater than what I already was I
hate when people settle or you know oh
well I don't need to try that hard
already made it if someone in the NBA
wins a championship ring do they say oh
I already want a ring I don't need
another one I'm not gonna try next
season no you try to come back even
better to win the second championship
ring the second thing I wanted to say
before I end this video is can everybody
who watches my videos and is a fan of me
just promise to be a good person just
promise to me that you you have good
intentions like I said I don't care what
race I don't care what religion I don't
care the this city and color of your
skin I don't care as long as you're a
good person and you have good intentions
from your heart I don't care what race
you are but can you guys promise me that
we don't need any more of this we don't
need any more shootings we don't need
any more bullying we don't need any more
racism if you watch my videos can you
please just promise me that you know
what you want to smoke weed I don't
fucking care you want to drink go ahead
get drunk I'm not saying drink and drive
but if you're of age go ahead get drunk
that doesn't make you a bad person
but when I'm talking about bad
intentions we don't need any more bank
robberies we don't need any more
violence if you watch my videos can you
promise me that if you want to fucking
smoke we don't care but if you wanna
like just don't have bad don't wake up
and say you know what today I'm a robber
old lady today I'm gonna bully my friend
just it's not worth it there's no point
you guys so if you're a big subscribe
button you're a big fan can you promise
me that please
