wait dad are you gonna purchase bruh
wadis apparel it drops tomorrow at noon
in 15 hours or 14 14 hours but while
it's apparel drops yes sir are you gonna
buy some you're gonna be the first buyer
yes yeah drop you guys have been begging
for you guys have been asking for it
and I knew all along I've known for a
month that I was gonna drop a pill and
I've had to stay quiet eats are you
gonna purchase bra disappear oh what a
hoodie t-shirt or a women's tank top not
women's tank top babe are you getting
your bro wadis apparel
I think top or what guys what's up
Brandon here aka April waters with a
million subs right now
I'm actually so so excited it's it's a
crazy feeling that I hope each and every
one of you guys who make youtube videos
or plan on making YouTube videos I hope
each and every one of you guys get to
feel this I hope each and every one of
you guys get to a million subs if not
more before I start this video I just
want to say that this video is just a
short little video on the side later on
today later on in a couple hours I'm
gonna have a whole video out pretty much
a speech or a rant not around pretty
much a speech in just a video explaining
how much all you guys need to meet how
much 1 million subscribers actually
means to me just pretty much what this
whole what pretty much this whole entire
thing means to me and if you can't tell
like I cannot stop smiling it's a crazy
feeling look I'm gonna try not to smile
look
I can't it's just like it sits
I don't know god I can't explain this
feeling but so this video is just
explaining something I wanted to explain
and later on today you're gonna get a
whole speech video so you show you
should watch that honestly I haven't
recorded it yet I'm about to go to the
gym scene so you're just gonna have a
million sounds I'm still the same
Brandon but uh okay let's just get right
into it so fucking on Twitter you follow
me on instagram you already know about
this because I kind of teased it last
night I kind of dropped the hint or
pretty much drop the whole thing last
night
so this video if you're watching this
you are officially first people to just
the link is in the description below
robotics apparel is here robot is merch
robot it's t-shirts hoodies women's
t-shirts women's tank top it is here and
you might be wondering why are you
making a video about this because it's
kind of confusing so I'm here to explain
it first of all this was one of my one -
Oscars 1 million subscribers surprises I
promise you guys surprises one of them
was merged apparel right here in the
description below i'ma show you guys
some pictures later on in the video - so
a lot of you guys have been asking and
asking
c'mon bro when you're gonna make apparel
are you making apparel are you making
shirts all this and I've known about
this for weeks for a month and I've had
to stay quiet I didn't answer any of
your comments
I didn't reply to any of your tweets
answer any Instagram comments about or
are you releasing apparel and it was so
tempting because I know I was talking
with designer the whole time not
designed alone as independent
independent but a designer for shirts
but so let me explain it really quick
because I don't want to force people to
buy I don't wanna do anything so this
was one of my many surprises people have
been begging me for apparel and so I
decided I'll give it to you guys someone
hit me with a last night with a comment
saying wow you hit wheat we helped you
hit 1 million subs and instead of
surprising us with something for us you
surprised us with a way for you to make
more money bro first of all everyone's
been asking me for a pair that's why I
contacted
and all that second I'm not making the
video here to force people to buy it I'm
not saying you better buy my clothing
and third my surprises also include
after the gym when I come back into
today I gotta figure out to do it
follow spring Twitter and Instagram
follow spree and then I'm gonna be doing
giveaways I have to just figure that how
I'm gonna work that but giveaways also
another big surprise on top of the
apparel is tomorrow just wait on it the
video that comes he'll just know I think
me and Jackie just did one of the
craziest pranks on YouTube that's all
I'm gonna say cuz I won't spoil oh I
don't want to ruin it but if you like
sex and you like pranks just wait for
tomorrow's video anyways let me explain
this concept so the link in the
description below
you might notice there's only one style
there's only one design of t-shirts of
hoodies and you're gonna be like wow
that's lame but while this only has one
style let me tell you no this is only a
1 mil exclusive style this is limited
edition this is special it's only going
to be here for a week there's 7 days you
have 7 days to buy it if you don't
purchase it it's gone forever
it's disappears forever so this is my 1
mil special t-shirt or 1 mil special
hoodie this is the 1 mil special design
so it has here
it has obviously my neighbor waters then
it has a quote remind people to stay
humble just like it says on my arm and
then it has my handwritten signature
which I sign on a piece of paper and
they then Xerox onto all the shirts so
that's actually my signature on the
shirts I think it's pretty dope to me it
had to be on a white t-shirt come on
guys you thought you different I think
it's really dope because it's simple
it's really simple but at the same time
it's like it says so much and to show so
much while staying simple and I think
the biggest thing is girls and guys can
wear it it's unisex so yeah here's what
I'm trying to explain so right now what
drop for seven days is just one style
abra wadis one male special t-shirt you
get it now you have it you don't get it
now within seven days you're never gonna
see this shirt again so yes it is
limited edition it is exclusive in a
couple of weeks in a couple of weeks
the real website opens up the official
Pro bodice apparel opens up way more
designs way more styles way more
clothing and it's gonna be dope it is
gonna be dope I contacted a designer
really late really really late about the
12 clothing line because that's when a
lot of people started asking for it so
we only had time to get one one style
done which is the one you'll exclusive
but like I said in a couple weeks
there's gonna be much much more and if
you guys want to wait for that nobody's
watching you to buy this one you guys
can wait but if you feel like you love
this one and you want to have the
exclusive special then you can get this
one but I just want to make the doodle
kind of explaining that because it's
kind of confusing that when you open the
side of apparel or merge that there's
only one style of t-shirt one style
hoodie by the way the hoodie I made sure
I see all these cities online 55 60 65
bucks I told them I said please the
t-shirts I don't care whatever price you
want to make them but the hoodies
because I really like the hoodie then I
feel like a lot of people
especially now it's like mid-august so
winter is coming around the corner I
said please don't make the hoodies
expensive so I haven't looked at the
prices yet but if the hoodies aren't
expensive you're welcome
I said please just I knew I don't want
to break your guys banks I don't want to
break your guys's pockets so I said I'm
gonna check how much the hoodies all
right now actually um so yeah I mean
this is one of my surprises like I said
there's gonna be a follow spree a
giveaway and also a huge print a huge
prank coming out tomorrow you guys do
not want to miss that
my arm is still red oh the hoodies are
31 so these are 31 $31.99 okay so at
least they listen to my requests for
that so yeah if you guys wanna grab your
on a pail I mean check out the link in
the description below if you purchase
definitely tweet it to me tweet it to me
our Instagram and tagging it I'll
definitely check that out I'll notice
you guys I'll notice who first bought
the apparel and definitely give that
give that a look if you guys are
interested in that a lot of people like
I said happen all of my comment section
but what is what are you gonna make a
pail you know I know you two birds with
one hundred or two thousand two hundred
thousand cells with a pail you don't
even have apparel well here you guys go
thank you for giving me the idea and and
I hope you guys like the way it looks
like I said I love it
I think it's simple but at the same time
it's it looks so tight it looks so cool
but yes the pictures are photoshopped
arm like I said I contacted the designer
we didn't have enough time
I contacted really late really really
late so they didn't have enough time to
send me a sample yet so what we did we
photoshopped the way the shirts gonna
look and I posted that on Instagram a
lot of people noticed that they're like
bro you think we're idiots that's
Photoshop I said okay I'm not trying to
trick you our nose Photoshop um so yeah
bro 1 million subs
it's a fucking crazy I couldn't sleep
wait wait ask me what I ate yesterday
just asked
I ate Jews scrambled eggs barely I
didn't finish them two scrambled eggs
early in the morning before the gym
yesterday what did I eat at the gym
nothing
what did I eat after the gym nothing
what did I eat you know just relaxing
nothing how about that night nothing I
couldn't eat
I didn't eat shit all day all day
Wyatt buzzes shit no I'm joking well I'm
not joking but nothing I couldn't eat
anything I was so like anxious and
nervous and like excited and you know
when you just have so many emotions but
my girlfriend my whole family we're
downstairs and they're trying to calm me
down so I could like celebrate with them
and I'm just like I can't like I can't
even look like I'm watching the live
stuff count go up and up and I'm just
like bro this is unreal it's unreal and
then I get the designs for my shirts and
I'm just like everything is happening so
quickly I was like I was having I was
having an anxiety attack in a good way I
don't know if that makes sense but I
want to think no I want to save the rest
for the speech but no I deserve you guys
deserve to hear this I want to thank you
guys so so much I love you guys so much
in my heart I feel like when you see a
youtuber say oh I love you guys thank
you you could tell if it's fake look at
me look at me when I tell you I love you
guys you guys are like I want to say my
second family but you guys feel closer
you guys are literally just a part of my
first family and thank you guys for
helping me get not even helping you
thank you guys for getting me to one
milk it means so much to me I've I've
been doubted a lot and now I'm gonna
save the rest for the speech okay I just
but if there's one thing you guys want
to hear or need to hear actually you
guys need to get this from me I love you
guys
I appreciate every single inch and every
single second of support you've ever
given me because you honestly don't know
that just by you tweeting hey nice video
or you tweeting hey I love you you don't
know how much that it actually means to
me so and the fact that look for example
just this people go out of their way to
make like Oh guys I'm getting too much
into the speech for sure so like I said
here's one of my surprises to you
everybody's even asking for a pail I'm
gonna give it to you guys link is in the
description below if you guys caught one
if you guys buy one tweeted
you tweet me some proof and I'll check
you guys out I love you guys tune in for
the prank tomorrow tune in for the
speech in a couple hours
but yeah it's time for lunch time
basketball and again thank you guys for
one-nil I love you guys so much and I
think I should watch the speech later
it'll give you guys a lot of what I
think
