got this good morning everybody I spent
reading my blog it's almost done
rendering well actually not really just
started rendering I'm about to go play
some basketball
you already know tie that left shoe so
today is actually mine and Jackie's I'm
say eight months celebration not
anniversary because anniversary actually
means a full year so eight months ago
today I asked the most beautiful girl in
the world
look to be my girlfriend there's
actually the picture from last of my
girlfriend you could see the roses on
the bed God knows we'll have enough to
ask me my girlfriend yeah Thank You Man
appreciate it
after down a long time step you dumbass
are you recording me so yeah I'm not
saying before the jack-in-the-box worker
rude interrupted um all he's gonna say
that so I bought Jackie flowers last
night
yeah I saw I bought her flowers last
night left those in the fridge and I'm
actually gonna once you gets off work
I'm gonna take her out to eat I need to
make way too tight to make a reservation
for that's like in three hours
um so yeah so we're gonna go out to eat
somewhere fancy and alike probably
McDonald's but we won't take Dracula I
said fancy so we have to sit inside the
restaurant and then I want to take her
out to a movie tonight because we've
literally never been to the movies stuff
we've never in the movies even once ever
since we started dating I just don't
like you go I don't know why I don't
like going to the movies
god this is literally my anthem every
time I see a hate come in I'm just like
I'm just like you ever tell the lug what
I call I'm here the College World War 3
massacres Yukons Pacquiao Mayweather
fight anymore
it's guys all shipments are play deal
uninvolved on straight up swung games
like okay like poking them with the 1/3
askin ya know with the other you'd see
15 states whose I um friend
I scored four points and the guy wasn't
but it's pickup ball no one plays here
Holly how shits crazy
I'll give a shout-out to Joanna Joanna
Zara Mara wanna add Ruiz o though the ad
reso cuz this guy right here Romel he's
a firm believer in relationships it's
today today I asked my girl for now
eight months ago today so you got any
words for me I'll say congratulations
hey month the majority voted to see two
separate logs so this was the first part
part one just finished and now I'm
starting part two so to be continued and
I'd say in a couple hours
you can watch part two of this vlog
we're actually meet up with Jackie and I
surprised herself okay guys let me
update you on today so far so kind of a
change of plans or I don't know if it's
better or worse about two things one so
after the gym look I'm such a dumbass I
waited till after the gym to try to call
I tried to reserve that cheesecake and
um what I call I try to call some other
place downtown and being Friday tonight
being me trying to make the reservation
so last minute and it's still summer
breaks a bunch people it's just all of
the long story short the reservations
were booked I couldn't get a reservation
for tonight
I called way too late I should have
called this morning I shoulda called
yesterday hey I should have called last
week so instead of and take my lady out
to Applebee's don't fucking laugh don't
laugh okay so we're gonna go out to
appellees the good thing is yeah
Applebee's isn't a fucking whoo
anniversary dinner but Jackie loves
Applebee's so and I'm a letter gonna
dessert usually when she's being bad I
say no no desserts I'm just joking other
change of plans I told you guys we're
gonna go to the movies tonight you know
I was gonna take her to go through
movies change of plans
like I said right now Jackie's waiting
for me she thinks I'm soft the gym I
told I said babe I'm gonna be a little
late on salt the gym I'm gonna go book a
hotel room I'm gonna book a hotel room
and Jackie has no idea so after we go
out to eat I'm gonna take her back to
the hotel
and I'm gonna have the flowers waiting
at the hotel
right now I'm gonna go by myself to go
book the room and I'ma put the flowers
in there so that when we go together
they're already gonna be waiting for her
I just got showered and got dressed I'm
mad I couldn't get a dinner reservation
it was just way too late but uh
hopefully the Applebee's dessert makes
up for it because usually she says babe
can I get dessert and I say uh no you're
being bad today you're grounded no
dessert today but today I'm a letter get
dessert you're just looking for my
though I have no idea where my belt is
oh yeah and we're gonna rent a movie at
the hotel room so I mean we're still
gonna be watching a movie we bout
Netflix and chill but uh now I'm about
to go book the hotel room I'm already
running super late Jackie got off a
while ago actually so I need to go do
this and I'll bring you guys along with
me for this eight-month celebration
journey oh no guys every anniversary or
at least I try every month that passes
and me and Jackie hang out for our
celebration I try to wear the shoes that
she bought me for Christmas so we'll
continue that tradition right now
actually nice oh I just thought about
I'm 21 - so maybe pop pop so check on my
belt get some champagne hotel room if
that's not what you call celebration I
don't know what is but pop some
Chardonnay I know what the fuck
champagne like I said I'll have the
flowers in there waiting for her she has
no idea
still ugly like oh so we're good to go
that's how you know I'm looking good
when I look ugly that's how I know I'm
normal
guys do not try this at home it's
fucking dangerous I could barely even
look like a billion function at the
faces like filled with water I should
have smoked some out do not try this at
home by the way I'm not talking about
don't drive with flowers at home I
talked about don't even buy your
girlfriend flowers
yeah no I'm serious I can't hold up by
the way you know what don't you pass me
bitch
by the way you know I was thinking not
only am I going to let Jackie get
dessert because it's our anniversary but
honestly yeah I'm still thinking about
it this one isn't it for sure but I
might let her pick off the regular venue
I might now force her to eat off the to
420 so in my beer lucky day I might let
her choose from the to 425 we'll see
we'll see how I feel Oh che I gotta sing
this to Jackie today tonight I should
say bringing it back old-school it's
actually on my sex playlist this song
guys there's a Denny's right here right
next to the hotel should I just take her
to Denny's and say you know if if I
actually took her to Denny's for an
anniversary lunch or dinner and she
stayed with me I would force her to buy
a couple because of how fucking stupid I
would be that that is if she wouldn't
break up with me in the first place for
taking her to fucking Denny's friend for
an 8-month dinner yeah if I took my
girlfriend to Denny's for an anniversary
dinner and she somehow stayed and leave
she never helped me after that I would
force her to break up with me I'll take
babe I actually have the nerve to take
you to fucking Denny's like I'm breaking
up with you for your own sake I'm sorry
but don't get me wrong
Denny's beautiful place on a regular day
before like anniversary service guys the
workers probably think I'm recording a
sex tape or like making a porno which I
am but they probably think well yes so
rightfully so but like I'm walking in or
renting a hotel room with flowers and a
fucking digital camera they first sure
think something's up
and an ivory one knows I'm a youtuber
they're probably like oh shit what is
this for Rogers or ready to like winter
cuz why do I say everything till the
last minute Jackie I'm already like one
hour late she's been waiting for an hour
she's getting suspicious I'm just like
babe sorry I'm just getting out the
shower they charge me extra for the room
because it's so last-minute it's a
Friday but okay whatever
oh man the flowers look so much stuff
yeah yeah yeah okay there you go good
boy good boy
okay stay maybe if I turn it this way
yeah I mean here's the room to me it
doesn't matter how I look well we're
gonna be here anyways but so yeah now I
need to go get Jackie and break her the
news that we're going to fucking
Applebee's so yeah the worker definitely
knew or or should I say thought or knew
however you guys don't think about it
definitely thought or knew I was gonna
make a fucking thought I was gonna make
safe she's like oh why do you have a
camera I was like oh like I can't I make
youtube videos she'd even ask for my
name so either one she already knew that
she thought I was bullshitting and that
I was just gonna make a tape or two like
she does just doesn't give a fuck about
me
but anyways I'm stalling I need to go
get Jackie so let's just get this
straight Jackie thinks you know just
another regular bruh Wallace and Jackie
day like go pick her up maybe got to eat
or whatever she just texts me saying I'm
hungry can we get food and I said yeah
little does she know listen I was
planning to fucking take her out to eat
downtown then go see a movie and then
now we're gonna end up going to some
fucking
restaurant Ian but she's gonna be hot
when I thought she did enough so I
didn't make my choice she doesn't have
to pick from the two 420 just for today
and she can get a dessert and then also
spend the night in the hotel room so
okay okay I don't know why I keep
thinking that I'm talking to people like
tell them to watch my weight show the
watch my focus I actually watch matches
your personality let me see an ability
but my name what you're wearing right
now it just screams like princess but at
the same time added to like life like
paying for princess but at the same time
you're like stun with the watcher than
the hands just like attitude but anyways
what I was going to say do it
this is all going to say so here I
called Cheesecake Factory and they were
booked if you're a see things on look
so I call cheesecakes like they were
booked for reservation because I called
I've never been to the Cheesecake
Factory
really yeah I just wanted to start on a
skateboard yeah I just want to start an
argument with me so you had so you could
seem to me why you gotta fly with me a
cheesy that's always not one to go there
is cheese I tried to make a reservation
and I called too late I waited till
after the gym and after I got out the
shower and they were booked for today so
on we're like you know but it's just
like a place to go for couples right is
that weird right right I don't feel any
air right wait you actually called for a
reservation are you sure you as you do
you never
I'm always doing man I always say okay
you're so fucking hot okay so now we
have to go to Applebee's
I want mozzarella sticks see you guys
you like Apple oh oh oh I didn't tell
you your gift for the eight months your
gift is is one you don't have to get
from the to 420 menu so that's one and
two you can maybe get dessert I haven't
decided on that yet but that's me where
are you getting your fruit it's a gift
for real I know but you said maybe so
how do I know that
well I have to decide how good you are
to me a Apple like if you're good and
you touch me on a table and you can get
dessert I know you're not good when you
use skill everything yeah I know that's
why you judge me it's okay then be good
today you can get dessert and I won't
put you in the garage
and Nikki goes I want money she's a
thought what's your sister thought
thought 'i am i love to call her that
okay fine guys I was gonna say I
remember for Father's Day I got
Jackie's mom's boyfriend like a gift
card to Cheesecake Factory and I forgot
to give it to him and it's been like
three months it's been like two or three
months so I figured I'll just use it
tonight but since they don't have any
opening I can give it to message
birthday gift he's lucky they didn't
have reservation because all day use
that shit yeah okay guys so we're
pulling up to Applebee's oh my god who
stole my car
oh that looks like my car from the main
front no but it wasn't bitch why are you
there something nope
why are you gonna fly with me Angie Wow
Applebee's is packed
but you know everybody takes their
girlfriends Applebee's yeah I was the
cause of the ice cores five out of our
first eight points some guy was like God
your God guard your guy okay so usually
I fourth Jackie to get the 240 but
today's incident eight-month celebration
you can choose from here god forbid I
might let you pick from anywhere on the
menu but for now you can just pick for
you and then after you can get it oh my
god look at the prices for the dessert
six dollars country oh you want the 214
guys
love my girlfriend I offer her something
and she chooses one for less this is
what that's the only reason you're my
building when the do you want mozzarella
sticks or spinach mozzarella or chips
you choose
I want much realistic guys look they
have it's called a butter pecan blonde
for 625 so it's only six dollars for a
blonde and I literally pay my whole life
for a Latina its blondie kiss can i okay
guys this is not fair look at the
pressure on the napkins literally say no
swear yeah that's not fair when it's
over 100 degrees and I'm sitting right
into the window so now I'm pressure not
to sweat or else one get kicked out oh
no one well yeah I'm sweating cuz you're
so fucking hot so like but anyways yeah
I hate when I sweat cuz then like my
parts get sweaty and like I just hate
that but do you hate that you told me
you liked it house homie you liked it
oh I didn't know he and I
I always forget to record the food when
I first found in I record it halfway
through so there's my safe they burnt it
too much and I asked for a back burn
it's all good because I'm still eating
so oh my god
that's literally Bosley they cook
sausage for the fat my girlfriend got
baby it's called three cheese chicken
and they forgot cheese it's literally
called free cheese whatever guys like
this hello Tammy does my eyebrows my
girlfriend said there's actually gonna
rip off some of my breath I don't
believe it though because I'm cuz I was
sweating on my eyebrows so look okay the
air keeps pushing in this is what Tammy
does to me she puts the wax aka my sweat
she puts her strip and then she goes
like even cuz I need ya you have a huge
unibrow I know you're like Anthony Davis
they have you heard that song come out
debuts came out like like six years ago
and I literally still bump it every
single day as if it came home like
yesterday that's literally the only
image I have on month later guys in my
literally scumbag Steve from the memes
library that sends out the door like
this but yeah so we made it to the
hookers I'm literally scumbag Steve look
I could imagine myself going up someone
say hey fuck you just for no reason
with the hat like this
anyways we made it to the hotel I guess
literally scumbag Steve except I'm the
nice one babe I'm what am i a rapper now
I think I need to quit my YouTube my
rapper name be be wat yeah hey guys I'm
be WOD
no not be rad I like be WOD like Brandon
Awad is b1 my mixer should be coming out
when we could record a mixtape right now
you'll be featured in two tracks what
are they called
oh it's hard - they're called I don't
know will decide the track names inside
but the album will be called Bravo
widest that's what the album will be go
on what you can make it no I look one of
the tracks will be called broad you're
gonna have a diss track for someone cuz
I'm ready I'll have a diss track for you
I have a diss track for rug on my album
babe
what's your rap her name honey got
though I want Femi
okay watch I'll be like the shameless
hero that eats the fucking fish okay I'm
gonna fucking me no I'm not okay guys so
that's Jay figs with the money side and
I'm be one way to that okay guys the
secrets out
I came here hours ago and I booked a
room at number four they were with me
the Quad Squad was with me when I
brought the room they've already seen
the room oh really
I was in the room I jacked off before
okay
just joking I did it oh did you know
Steve Nash now he's got broken in a game
any fixing himself yeah look I did bring
shorts right here wearing them on under
my eye
oh I like this
oh wait I want to get America
whoa oh my god Lee wait is it a any cat
room look at the shower
oh my god ah I think it's a handicap
shower but we can make the most of this
guys the showers late usually we have to
squeeze now look on the truth okay what
did you say about the flowers they're so
cute so pretty no you said when I told
you that those are your flowers you
thought yeah well I never got around
like this I think she thought they like
that the people dick like she thought it
just came in the room as a decoration I
said babe I bought you those flowers
she's like oh I thought they were just
decoration for the room yeah I copied
you got them so much comfier no jeans
and yeah we're taking them I don't want
to bring the camera out anymore guys
babe you too much okay I'm way when I
bring the cam out later is that for the
YouTube or just for us I was just gonna
ask you if you enjoyed the surprise
mm-hmm I was definitely a surprise
you'd expect it no actually not all like
on this Lea but we were gonna go to
sleep at your house I mean I thought
you're gonna be suspicious when I took
so long before picking you up what what
I hang out to look to the 30 or 3 so I
thought you were just editing so to me I
was like oh maybe just sticking what
hospital something together when you
turned around now I didn't I didn't dig
anything until you turned around like
the other way to take me home take me
home let me tell you what the best
feeling ever best feeling ever is our
thought look no no not I thought the
starburst was done Jackie even asked me
for a starburst and I was like babe did
they're done there's no more I I turn
around I feel something under the bed
and look I obviously took and hid in my
pocket cuts which I can you have it but
Luke I found a starburst literally on
the bed and I was like oh my god and
then Jackie said I wanna and I said now
it's mine
look it's even smushed squished know
that feeling is unexplainable like well
the feeling of having such a gorgeous
girlfriend like well yeah that's what
I'm talking the greatest feeling in the
world
the greatest feeling in the world is
thinking you ran out of cerberus and
then turning around in bed and there's
one right next to you like and then
hiding it from your girlfriend because
she had just asked you for one babe say
what you just said no just tell him what
he just said she said oh I've never seen
this movie what movie is this babe it's
called rush hour I've seen it three
million times and you know it
seen it one time it says Ching and Chong
wonderful yeah she said is that shit
babe is Cheech and babe get out get out
no and I'm saying here
first of all like this is a rush hour
okay you at least know the guys names
are Chris Tucker right there and what
about the other one
Jackie Chan oh yeah on the same name
that's it yeah I didn't want to tell
people with my name my name is Jackie
thought to say Jackie Chan you know
without a chance you look like him too
yeah
why do you think I'm dating you he's hot
you see what you did to me guys she
didn't even know what this movie was
called whitson what's the point
I don't know the point I watch another
kid wait so you watch this but you've
never seen Finding Nemo I want okay wait
what did you just say I said I actually
have a dream about dummies I woke up and
wanted to barf like not kidding a
section on the way mm like about to
throw up
good I thought that I said should I just
take you to Denny's for the 8-month
celebration did guys you know look I
hate this answer so my girlfriend's
birthday is coming up in less than two
weeks on August on August 18th and I
said I said babe hey you know like I
haven't got your birthday it's what do
you want for your birthday and she said
oh babe nothing you know you already got
me flowers and all that I said babe I
said babe just tell me what you want
okay besides me okay but I'm getting a
new car like to you okay besides me man
commercial you have to tell me what you
want I'm struggling to think of a gift I
told you I want you without any clothes
on enough fella no you get you can have
that on the side but I'm talking the
main course okay well you know I always
think of a gift to get you so
guys I hate that answer when you ask for
someone what do they want and they say
oh nothing yeah it's okay but it's okay
if I say it I'm a shellfish like shrimp
selfish cuz you're a self shit selfish
selfish then I guess Hey what I'm gonna
be anything cuz I'm a mad you not my
girlfriend not my problem yeah oh okay
cuz we get gourmet breakfast just what
are you going to cook and make that
waffle
guys I think this breakfast is better
than our anniversary lunch and dinner at
Applebee's the reactions well then I
attempt to make waffles but honestly no
offense babe okay fine I won't say I'm
an idiot and you're like kind of getting
here so two of us two of us trying to
make waffles okay the night when you
just said II don't know how to make
waffles guys I'm gonna save the
embarrassment of not knowing how to make
a waffle I'm gonna put the batter in a
cup and drink it guys look it's the
little things that show how much Jackie
actually doesn't care about me or this
relationship I simply told her I said
eat whatever you want
she said oh I want eggs I said please
and I said if you get eggs I'm not gonna
kiss you just please don't get mad and
what is no no and then she goes and
katanga
then you said go do whatever you want no
I said not egg that's it
I just simply said it's just not X I
won't kiss you yeah yeah go straight to
the egg so that shows how much you like
kissing me you said it okay babe just
for that oh my god
it's the little things that show how
much someone cares about a relationship
God look how difficult we make things
just as we wanted to eat in the room and
set up with everybody else look at this
and I pulled off it of all the baby
shots hold on guys babe did you eat the
eggs
yeah you wonder why I'm not eating next
to you guys me and Jackie are gonna let
me get the lighting okay whatever
me and Jackie need to explain something
real quick before I end this video so
when we say we've been this is like our
eight-month celebration on whatever
we've been we were dating way before the
eight months we were dating way before
December 5th
but that's December 5th is when I
finally asked her to be my girlfriend I
know it's weird and it doesn't make
sense a lot of people like Oh what do
you mean you were dating but she wasn't
your girlfriend like we were like we
were holding hands
you know babe you know like you were
taken but I just never came around to
ask her to be my girlfriend I wanted to
do it like the perfect way and I wanted
to think about it so we were dating way
before like four months literally we
were doing what we were in a
relationship we just didn't have the
title boyfriend-girlfriend till December
fit so when we say there's our eighth
month like yeah that's from the day I
officially asked her out but honestly
we've been dating for close to a year a
year many - Cole says who me and that'll
be no one hurts
