I got this okay guys so I just finished
editing my vlog way first of all good
morning everybody I just finished
editing my vlog it's almost done
rendering well actually not really just
started rendering I'm about to go play
some basketball what time is it
10:33 if you're wondering what this is
my little cousin Stephanie slept over
she's down to her staff good moaning as
you guys know lunchtime basketball
doesn't really start to like 11:15 11:30
but I figured I said Steph get the fuck
up if I take you home right now we could
go we have enough time to go I don't
know what jack-in-the-box chick-fil-a
wait drive should I go to okay guys look
in case you didn't know Steph they're
still alive surprisingly okay guys I
might explain what today is in a little
bit I need to find my keys hold on
you already know tie that left shoe
leave that right shoe untied till you
get on the courts and I don't know where
my keys are bro so today is actually
mine and Jackie I'm say eight months
celebration not anniversary because
anniversary actually means a full year
so eight months ago today I asked the
most beautiful girl in the world look to
be my girlfriend
she's a spice ripe I'd like Mike like
Yamaha
she sings in Lebanon so she's gonna give
me the other nun yeah oh there's
actually the picture from when I threw
my girlfriend you could see the roses on
the bed
god knows what happened a fast with my
girlfriend but and she's at work right
now though she's gonna be at work for a
while so I'm taking Stephanie home and
I'm gonna go play some basketball my boy
ollie and celebrate with Jackie oh I
think time I think it ant bit me I don't
know can answer by I don't even open
their fucking mouth guys this is my song
too everybody ate in my comment section
please tell me why because I'm waiting
for an explanation okay guys well I was
just gonna say um when you're in a rush
and you're hungry they tell you to total
shit as I determine which food to eat
just go with whichever ones fakest so
we're trying to decide with
jack-in-the-box or chick-fil-a you got
to go with jack-in-the-box because you
figure chick flax it makes their food
whereas Jack they just fucking put in
the microwave if that so you figure jack
is faster
that's literally my song my song to all
the haters wide jack in the ass crack
Stephanie no you know what I'm feeling
generous I'm gonna get ollie a chicken
sandwich with cheese that's his favorite
thing to get from you that's his
favorite food of all time
jack-in-the-box chicken sandwich with
cheese so yeah guys let me tell you the
plan so like I said eight months ago
today I asked Jack to be my girlfriend
someone celebrate a little today what
I'm gonna do is on assignment fucking
order if you don't want anything
yeah good how are you a ball with you
what's his order from jack-in-the-box
Holly order from Jack in the Box is two
sandwiches with cheese
what kind of cheese American and what
size fries large large fries
that's only tacos - taco taco um can I
get two chicken sandwiches one with
American cheese that other one are both
with American cheese and two tacos and
that's it yeah Thank You Man appreciate
it I'll sit down a long time Steph you
dumbass why are you recording me
Stephanie got me on snap so yeah I was
out saying before the jack-in-the-box
worker rude interrupted um I'll just
gonna say that so I bought Jackie
flowers last night
according got tomorrow August faith that
is a month step okay show yourself in
okay guys I'm trying to pick out flowers
for a Jackie she's gonna be at work and
I'm a surprise after work with flowers
Steph how hard is it picking flowers
Brandon is the most pickiest person ever
I told him to get these ones cut this is
for babe I'm on ice for wait wait show
me it's for haram say hey so I need a
people I like or like I don't give a say
these ones and then like arrange them
all set just pick me ones that would
guarantee like I don't know hey wait
hold on I have a question so if I buy
them tonight and will they be expired by
tomorrow but I could just come tomorrow
he wants to put them in the fridge you
have to put them in the fridge well took
an expired even what kind of design is
this it's pretty yeah I need rosewood
old Azhar let red volcanic cone in the
red one no I don't like red roses are
red violets are blue Jackie gets off
work I'm gonna give her the flowers boom
that rug God literally the hardest thing
is picking no the hardest thing is
picking a picture to post on Instagram
right and then the second hardest thing
in life is picking flowers for a Jackie
not that she's picky she honestly well
she honestly takes anything but it's
just me my own heart
Stef which one should I pick just pick
one and I won't complain just pick
whichever one and I'll buy it no I don't
like those
and carrot you spilled the water for
Logan and napkins are clean okay guys so
the security one had enough of my
nonsense so he told me to just fucking
buy these ones and then Stephanie wants
to she wants to make her own like
compilation HJ how do you know what that
is don't watch joke something okay no
I'm saying that you pronounced it wrong
Oh what is it call was it so I'm gonna
get these for Jackie and I Stephanie
said she wants to like mess around and I
don't know what are you gonna make sorry
like a bouquet yes she thinks she's like
a florist or something sama let's say
I'm going to work we're gonna put them
in the fridge and then deliver them to
Jackie - what the fuck am I gonna buy
Jackie broccoli Brian abrasive hold up
we can get her set how about these white
boys or just white roses
do they have white roses yeah they do
roses are red roses are white Jackie I
love you I have the fuck of these
okay or we can do those who took the
ones that I said before that's so basic
that don't pay shit if you get the red
with this like I my own you know wonder
what would separate me what would
separating me from any other fucking boy
that's shit so face it guys the security
guards actually gonna kill me even after
he suggested which flowers from
Stephanie is gonna kill me too well how
long have we been looking for flowers
like fucking 30 minutes and all we have
is literally one section here and one
here that's it I don't know what to get
her
I just wanna surprise my girlfriend why
do bad things happen to good people no
no no no no no oh I'm not a good person
yeah you have a first class first way
speed ticket to hell that's where you're
going at least for me it's debatable
like God will at least have his hands
for what I go to hell or heaven yours is
for sure he'll just get the fucking
underwear ones just go what you want to
do that do it
okay now let's go annoy Janelle some
more oh why not with these I was like no
no see you can't assume assumptions
security guard is here to help me he
knows he knows I can't do this on my own
so which one okay which one do you
recommend you recommended those first
pink in bed is still on sale these zones
are alive
okay now I'm deciding between these are
the red ones or should i mix them thank
you okay
hey I think you've helped me all you
good so far
thank you is actually gonna kill me
of course I forget my money in the car
so Stephanie is waiting in line right
now wait where the fuck I park guys
shout out my cousin chanel aka
Stephanie's sister for helping us out
she knows this chip or swipe and to pain
guys you wanna know my pin number a
shoutout security guard he said he's
putting them together for me like it he
said he's putting them together for me
so we don't need I know a lot literally
getting married tomorrow fucking 12
roses but yeah guys I'm gonna take
Jackie to a movie tomorrow night she's
been nagging me to go and I keep putting
it off so that'll be a nice little
surprise
because we're wrapping you right now so
we'll see how it turns out then we go to
a balloon I forgot to get her a balloon
good
I'm so deciding she hasn't been that
good to me recently saw the balloon is
how that yeah it looks really good yeah
guys saw him buying these flowers right
now and then after work she doesn't know
yet but she's been wanting to see a
movie for honestly months and I just
never go to a movie theater I find it I
just find it really boring so we'll go
watch a movie tomorrow night
shout out once again Vaughn security
guard he gave me a soy sauce packet that
you put in the Gods you put me Steph
more support on top fold but don't let
the phone always are located here for
the night and goodnight flowers
goodnight boswell note basel how about
you stay in the garage oh yeah guys so I
bought her flowers last night left those
in the fridge and I'm actually gonna
once you get Southfork I'm gonna take
her out to eat I need to make weight is
it too late to make a reservation if
that's like in three hours
hold on now the workers gonna interrupt
again I needed to finish my story
6:44 okay can we get ranch please um so
yeah so we're going to go out to eat
somewhere fancy I'll know like probably
McDonald's but we won't take Drive but I
said fancy so we have to say inside the
restaurant and or Taco Bell if you sit
inside the restaurant that makes it
fancy and then I want to take her out to
a movie tonight because we've literally
never been to the movie stuff we've
never been to movies even once ever
since we started dating I just don't
like I don't know why I don't really
like going to the movies but she always
asked me I always make an excuse so
today I'm a surprise her I'm gonna take
her to the movies she's been asking for
months right yeah please so yeah I have
no idea which we have no idea which what
times I'm just gonna take the movies cuz
I've heard what happens when couple of
the movies so um like you know I'm I
finally able to make out with her I
don't know if I'm ready for that but you
know what I have to put I go like this
around here except since we've been
dating for it
like almost a year now only ah come on
I'm an oddly I put my arm around here I
think I stick my arm down here but
except you're in high school you know
this so fine okay but that's nasty
okay okay stepping outs your age just go
Steph Jackie's at work right now
she has no idea that I even got her
flowers let alone know that I'm gonna
take her out to dinner let alone know
that I'm gonna take her out to a movie
tonight but sometimes you just got to do
nice things so but first more important
part of the day on you go play some
basketball and go see my my side piece
all these he's gonna be so happy with
okay chicken sandwich stayin true never
switch side yeah the game turned me into
this guy oh yeah and I every time Jay
got bit and I wasn't going away cuz this
is literally my anthem every time I see
a hate comment I'm just
I'm just like good so here's all these
gift bag a cockle and his chicken
sandwich with cheese she's gonna suffer
she's gonna look so weird look I'm gonna
go walk in with a gym bag basketball
water and fucking jack-in-the-box I'll
know if you guys can hear but we all
know that dude that blast the old school
rap who goes to the gym and shoots
around he doesn't play the games but you
know he just shoots around stretches
goes in the sauna blasts the old school
rap NWA I ran into Kevin right here okay
the huge fan of my videos I'll just
gotta go like stretch out on the
treadmill came up to me yeah she looking
rancid 1 mil thank you so Paula okay
guys
your gift is right inside the bag
I think taco I got half your order cuz
we're about to play so we can't show
your feet oh my god and chicken sandwich
with cheese American oh my god
I'm joking oh my god singer Swiss
American you eat it nothing will die sir
okay
I just
yes the speaker leaves a jacket I did a
mine in the car like nothing my mic mic
love the theme
how many points today 23 today shutting
down alley today always today I'm going
to tell you down today voice down
he says an aswer 23.2 play up to 15 so
we'll see how he's gonna make that work
I know someone tweeted if you play bass
balls all these going to be wearing as
rebels Jordan
yes
wait come here explain your hairdo
I'm here because this is my inspiration
for the year
like two days
oh fuck come here come here
all these cousins just hit game-winner
domestic I'm taking recording how was it
explained it I hit a little floater from
a wet hand from where 300 enough from
that another story he learned it from
his younger cousin dolly haha my young
age wait I got a question though
so Jordan his younger brother I heard
gets more females in my bro
both false or true true - I'm taking I'm
a living woman like me loyal he's loyal
hey oh we got it
yes until the lug what I cause I'm here
the college and World War 3 massacres
cause Pacquiao Mayweather fight before
these guys all shitting on the neck
like two trees am I gonna say any names
so the guy got Pistons they even stopped
playing deal I'm involved on straight-up
swung games like okay they're like
poking them with the one - yeah it's
good yeah no it was the other you'd see
for scene states whose ion friend
all right I scored four points if the
guy wasn't but it's pickup ball no one
plays here Holly how come she's crazy
if I got that on the vlog and shadows
coming out no we're trying to say like
shut up you're a parent evelopment
esophagi peacemaker god CEO this is
looking pretty fun radios like a bridge
camera I was looking for my camera like
this log but is that's my I give a
shout-out to Joanna Joanna Zara Mara
wanna 3 a jury's oh oh the old Audrey's
Oh cuz this guy right here Romel he's a
firm believer in relationships it's
today today I asked my girlfriend out
eight months ago today so you got any
words for me on say congratulations
eight eight months I hope you guys get
to hear a firm believer in our
relationships right here where Roma how
many months for you and uh you don't
remember exactly how huh
Oh guys we're just joking remotes not
it's religion doesn't allow dating
before marriage so we don't do that guys
look at all these please hey Shady
how is it giving a grand I did it's in
the bag you bitch in the bag ranch I
swear to God
shout out me and Ollie are your what
what you say you were well I've been I
was livid why what happened
because it was true it's not super
dollar anymore yet for the
jack-in-the-box taco for 119 Jack yeah
that was well at least that they're
taking all his tax money all my taxpayer
money he used to be to $4.99 now it's
two-for-one 9000 if they raise prices
for chickens inhale and don't forget
every single Friday fish fillet Friday
all year round
159 or 169 go ahead and get your fish
plays on Friday
oh remote remote range is more handsome
than all the amazed at you
ollie is it the handsome remote a more
handsome man guys this vlog was actually
way too long if I didn't split this log
up it would ended up being close to
1hour and I know a lot of people want to
see that but I actually did a poll on
Twitter saying do you guys want to see
one vlog which is over 45 minutes long
or would you guys rather have two
separate ones with a double upload
majority wins and the majority voted to
see two separate logs so this was the
first part part one just finish and now
I'm gonna start editing part two so to
be continued and I'd say in a couple
hours
you can watch part two of this log we're
actually meet up with Jackie and I
surprise her so uh stay tuned to this
journey because what I had planned of
course what do you guys think of course
for bruh wat is what I had planned of
course doesn't turn out like how I had
it planned so uh I hope you guys enjoyed
part one and I really actually wanted to
make a vlog that was close to an hour
cuz I've never done that before
but I do this for you guys and you guys
voted opposite so I'm gonna start
editing my second vlog so I guess it's a
double upload today with 220 plus minute
vlogs and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video guys and don't forget I feel like
I haven't been saying it enough and I
feel like you guys just aren't putting
this in I have a surprise for you guys
for when I hit a million I have a
surprise for you guys I'm gonna I'm
gonna tell you once I had a million I've
been keeping it in I've been holding it
in and nobody really has an idea of what
it is so um just remember that don't
forget once I had a million you guys get
a surprise too
on top of the giveaway and fall
three that I'm already doing
