I got this okay guys so I just finished
editing my video it's rendering right
here as you could see what time is it
10:45 I'm about to go play some
lunchtime basketball of course you
already know got my basketball short got
those tied on tired on the inside this
ratchet-ass Jackie left her fucking non
matching socks it's one thing to leave
your socks at my house but you leave
your non matching socks she fell asleep
bought socks off to wake her up she went
home and she got her socks but she has
this belief that if you wear matching
socks then you have the worst luck like
she always has bad luck when she wears
matching thugs so now she purposefully
doesn't wear ratchet ass ratchet eyes
doesn't wear matching socks anyway guys
what's at 5:00 a.m. last night 5 a.m.
and I woke up at 8:00 to do those
interviews with those two channels but
anyway
mom hey Boswell oh shit oh shit I knew
it I knew it I knew it
aunt aunt dad you're here I'm about to
go to the gym Boswell give me five
good boy on the ball see he's not sure
as boswell well Bosley's like the inner
ego that's mean oh it's like this look
Bosley
give me five I'm gonna put you in the
garage hey good boy fuzzy hey mom hi
morning mommy no I slept at five last
night I know I just couldn't couldn't
fall asleep mom if you're at rubra
water's fan and you've been with me from
the start I think my mom just subscribed
I like six or 700 K but wait shoe do I
tie before going to a gym Brian notes
yeah
guys if you've been with me from the
start I don't really say it anymore but
I always tie my left shoe before going
to the gym and then I don't time I ride
show until I get on the court it's just
like it's just like it's in thing if
that's what it's called
guys I just told Brian Brian used to be
a a G basketball at the gym he used to
play all the time and now he like wheat
oh my god the fucking shit Juana it's
still on me
but yeah now Brian has a fit I don't
know if he's officially retired no shit
did you officially retire like they have
your name the banner up at the gym or
you still might make a return
a family I literally just had brought
out like did you forget how to fucking
play basketball we used to go to gym
together all the time
okay Bosley give me five one more time
and I'll go to the gym yeah because he
wants me to leave because he wants me to
leave we have any dick no banana we
don't have any please just like two eggs
scrambled really quick so I can eat
before I go please guys look in my dad's
office stole MT dad I
oh my god
oh my god dad this was what just like
two or three years ago look oh my god I
know Brian's here dad you're throwing
that one in the trash right when you
moved on hell knows you understand
shout out shout out to the bra to squaw
we just we literally just ran the
quarter I'm gonna tell them the truth
usually when we tell you guys oh we won
seven or or six or no we lie we usually
lose and we just say no now okay fine
now we actually what like seven in a row
eleven seven and then we just lost one
so we did so let me get burritos we're
about to go get burrito like the healthy
meal after a good gym sesh we put our
shit in all these chunky look what I see
Halle Maccoby
I've never seen him wear the original
Kobe's doesn't get better than that no
these iPod oh my gosh on the 8 the 8 8
right there
wait Kobe's number 24 when he was 8 back
oh thanks for the fag yeah for those who
don't know for those who take everything
so seriously
it's a joke don't worry Brandon award is
for wadis knows that Kobe was number
eight back then okay Brandon I'm like
your friend so he doesn't know ya guys
we're about to go get burritos all he's
gonna drive me my car's right here the
burrito place is right down the street
so he's gonna drive me and then drive me
back shout out shout out shout out to
the brothel at a squad we in the buildin
guys so all we just saw this for the
first time Ollie what do you thought oh
cool when when I got it the second I
posted a snapshot of me getting it Ollie
texted me right away said oh that's fake
right and I really thought it was fake
hi this is of this this is like what's
going on as a prank is he's trying to
prank me because he knew my mom would
kill me so that's fake right I said yeah
that's fake
you got any tattoos not finished to kill
me yeah so and then even I'll Lee told
his cousin's you gotta fight with his
cousin's because his cousins were like
oh hey what's up to the vlog what's up
Josh a doubt does shout out Jessie shout
to the Jessie squad og warriors hang up
that Jeremy Lin here's Katie now Dawg
it's not Steph no more man Oh Lady ooh
this all Shaq maybe saw Shaq you know I
get that Mealing do you got yesol he
actually got a file his cousin's cuz
they told him it was real they saw my
father Lee was defending myself or my
cousin like trust me it's fake he said
no it's fucking fake it's nice though
right okay let's go why are we driving
okay Shaq diesel finish this burrito how
was it he's good it's good
about to go home now what are you gonna
do work out plan
now work out at 3:00 we're doing my boy
jr. shoutout
so it's the Bowater squad
it's a pleasure eating with you it's
always a pleasure you know that has been
a pleasure for the past 16 years you
know 16 years of friendship
okay God all they say goodbye goodbye
guys soon
I'll continue this blog when I get home
so guys all these have you wants to play
me a head stop we we finish eating what
now we're going down a half we're
talking in the car forever we just been
chilling for right next to my car I used
to love this song
yeah yeah I love this song I feel
lighting is so good right got out shut
up guys look how the room came out dad
it's so spacious even with the desk
what does that mean spacious
hey hey garage garage garage yeah you
want to go in the garage I'll put you in
Karachi no guys the room actually turned
out so nice
let's go no you wait too much you weigh
a buck mom oh my gosh yeah guys
everything came out actually what next
five years yeah my dad said there's my
mom in five years so hey Boswell me5
Bosley
yeah dad actually came out you have more
space how does that even make sense you
have more space than before you put it
in relation find Enola we just know that
actually my nose like a real life oh
yeah I can't see shit
I actually just came home shouting God
rest I'll leave when it's shining out
there we're actually gonna hang out dad
wait
no no go buy Olli I just want to ask you
all I hope so
so war warriors fan Ron I don't know
what happened just last month here here
here's a hint right here dad what do you
think of this Jersey hey listen
my head Oh King James he just my my my
watch
Oh LeBron behind King James resigned
today did yeah James Jones side of the
recession no James Jones King James
alright yeah
I swear one-year deal the real the real
King James refined with Cleveland one
year one 1 million all the I'm gonna
drink some fucking dying I don't know
how my mom my mom met Bora when she was
younger
haha that's literally Bora oh no oh no
Bosley her job yeah Bosley snow Holly no
we changed his name its Boswell Bosley
Bosley bite attack attack oh yeah I
could actually see a tattoo right here
nah coming yeah my mouth I sweat I'll
leave shotgun tattoo mom you know you
know you don't need it Bob I love Lee
who's that Holly reaction to all these
that to his dad's reaction oh my god
Holly would actually like that reaction
would not be able to be uploaded on
YouTube there's no like his yeah this
unless jail time for was jail time for
Abdul was an option that videos now
getting uploaded guys hold on before I
turn that came up I just want to see you
cuz on the outside how scared all he is
about is 0 he looks calm and chill but
I'm honestly feeling that I'm feeling
the heart it's kind of pounding out of
the chain
because if it's now Persian the Afghan
music it's right here
the jerseys fresh that's right how much
300 dogs ah therapy Jordan Jordan say
what's Ali why said his name Oh Brian
O'Connor that's that's off the guy
professor okay Jordan say what's up to
the vlog know with the Rob wanted blood
we miss you always have to be there
right now Jordan Jordans on his way at 1
million wait
Jordy wait where you going right now I'm
going on a date right now we don't
either though he's going on a date
so Jordan Bros / bros over hos by me no
no you know it's a date dates come first
I'm really Brandon's not gonna come
looking at night so who said for one mil
special Brandon Jordan and Ollie cuddle
off down I'm down one mil special there
we go just a shower shout out in the
shoutout King Jordan journey visor data
three days in a row Jordan had to hold
on JDate yesterday days in a row three
dates in a row
hey I mean you when you're a wanted man
you know you gotta put yourself out
there
I feel it Jordan
because he had tonight girl
what do we call that now today yes
Jordy magic guys I come down come out to
Brian expose Brian uses my dad for to be
better at basketball dad who won against
Mike Yan dad
davin oh my
shoot shoot your Shawn Michaels d-ends
no miss junior first contract
oh you wonder I'm not getting your
contract yeah guys all surprise king
james got signed before junior Smith
King James I mean as long as they got
that James back they don't need LeBron
James all it's been is break since I got
out the car
Oh puzzle you want to go get ollie I'll
open the door but you have to bite him
okay you have to buy ollie come here
Bosley oh come here buck okay come easy
easy you're gonna slip on the floor easy
Bosley easy boys easy
oh oh okay go get ollie go get all
Eagles Mexican food already on my
stomach hurts so fucking bad look honey
I just found some what is this anti acid
liquid I don't even know what the fuck
that means but it literally legitimately
smells like shampoo like oh and it says
take four tablespoons so I'm gonna just
pour them in a cup because I just want
to take it in one sip one holy shit this
looks like shampoo man like just watch
me pour it hold on I have to do a high
so you guys can see oh my oh my god I
did oh my god I missed the whole
spooning all the way in the fucking cup
okay well that's more than definitely
more than I needed I'm expecting hurts
yeah Jackie's on her way over right now
all these outside playing with a playing
basketball of Brian so I used Brian for
subscribers and he uses me for friends
so fair deal mom
I'm about to drink the shampoo mommy it
really smells just like head and
shoulders chimp it looks like it - fuck
okay guys that's the end I just brushed
my teeth it so it's gonna taste even
worse
ah mmm
mom tastes good boswell garage Bosley
basel you're actually in the garage huh
Holly good parking right here you're
welcome
I know oh it's pig go Olli shoot your
shot Pacific oh my god I'll leave Brick
City
he really is jr. yeah at the gym he's
Jordan 96-97 at the gym oh my god you
already know all you guys watch gonna be
a hook-shot watch specialty Olli oh my
god it's the RAM it's the RAM the
rendering way Brian if you're a true fan
of Olli what's the same how does he say
Bravo wadis right Wow
yeah you might as well suck his dick you
know all that about him
the huge fan of Olli
okay that's it Brian the hook if you
make this you get a hooker for the night
uh-huh guys I just took a shower so I
can't play like I said jack is coming
over so I got to keep my parts clean
really quick okay what does this
practice talk about practice talking
about practice not the game practice
that's how all we used to shoot his free
throws at the Reg the coaches would get
so mad until BAM
until BAM you and make it he would be
like six or seven years old he's the
tallest guy in on earth who can't dunk
yeah yeah I'll expose one hand okay yeah
that's why today at the gym on fast
break wide open yeah
girl the girls on the court what's your
name the girls out the court said well
he's a jealous guy no can't Doug I don't
want to tell you cuz you'd I know I know
I know oh yeah yeah I didn't want to
tell you cuz I know you would get mad
you would ram into her the next play
okay there's like seven and a half this
is 99 yeah
no Olly guys oli won't Holly won't ever
let this moment go he talks about it
every fucking day in a pickup game okay
go no no but I can't discredit it cuz I
saw it live and it was amazing so no no
but first they need to know the
background if you don't know how serious
the afternoon runs are you all
understand this like it's light load war
it's like Brian listen it's like when we
play lunchtime basketball that's like
NBA preseason the afternoon is like NBA
Finals game seven so now so now that you
know the the the stakes that are in
afternoon ball so the odds are lined up
against me really
so it was me four people versus like a
stacked squad we were down 12 11 yeah
and when game it's two thirteen Amasa 13
literally and we play ones and twos
everything inside of the one you are
going to take the shot but everyone you
I wasn't gonna pass either yeah
everyone's open so I had four little
poor people like three four people
guarding you I was there hook shot
I swear I swear I swear one but like my
culture once ago two three months ago
but the best part of the story is not
what happened the best part of the story
is that Ollie will never ever forget
this moment just sit at the gym over
there when I hit the ocean always there
when I hit a shot he just asked brighto
were you there when I hit the Machop
can't get better no I was there live and
if you guys know the afternoon runs is
just as yet its World War three could
happen and afternoon run to LA Fitness
so yeah everybody watching and shits too
hectic yeah right
if Brian tried to play one game at LA
Fitness you have a heart attack no my
life is like messed up right now Brian's
Derrick Rose the injuries got him hard
the age age is caught up to him and
injuries caught up his body posture yeah
it's sad but injuries catch up to people
yeah I'm your problem I'm past my prime
right now no cuz the fast food we eat my
prime was like like dog ears
ya know what the fats would I eat my
prom was when I was like 15 16 years old
guys if you're a true fan of auliah
what's his order from jack in the bugs
Holly order from Jack in the Box lard
pulled on large large dr. pepper knives
two chicken sandwiches with cheese what
kind of cheese American and what size
fries large large fries that's only
tacos - taco taco and it comes out to
like 10 1948 one of those ten dollar
investment yeah I could tell immediately
after the protein yeah I mean
immediately after you have to take a nap
oh you have to Italy yeah and then you
wake up and play lunchtime basketball
the next day rinse repeat and that's
life yeah Jackie's about to get here
shoutout to the to the jr. a Smith squad
phase of rocks why wait are you have
junior you got to take your shirt off to
be junior come on come on I have to get
tatted like you oh that's right you say
brought a wider squad and stay home
bowling and count your dunks Oh zero no
alley no no I actually think ollie cuz
think about it stay humble count your
hook shots yeah that one's good you
can't dunk guys honestly Nate Robinson
five eight five nine dunk champion at
least 6-3 6-4 see me do a running one
hand on you've seen it power layup
oh my I'm serious send your videos okay
we'll guys Ali's cousin all these cousin
is a huge fan Ramones cousin and he's we
FaceTime him he doesn't know he doesn't
know it's us he's I've never talked to
my anything but hey come on you can find
his he's a super big fan yeah connect
yeah he does he has no idea we're
calling or anything he just knows that
all he's my friend and
address is it would ring say what's up
to the flaws
this is greet and this is really let
them say what's up to the vlog say
what's up let's go man shoutout thanks
for watching thanks for watching her my
god y'all got going drove his body
Josefa ah how old are you a dream 13 I
know it
guys it's a FaceTime family reunion my
mom hasn't seen all these mom in years
okay I was gonna say we all needed live
like two minutes away and the most
happen to his face guys shout out to
Matt the Knicks fan I know he's a huge
fan of my videos I don't know personally
but I know him because he comments on my
videos and he always tweets to me so I
just gave him a little trivia randomly I
just hit him up randomly and I told him
I gave him a little trivia about my
vlogs and he literally answered every
single question to perfection me and oli
were dying because the questions were
about me and Ollie and he remembers
everything by heart that she was crazy
so shout out to Matt the Knicks fan
Holly wait before you go tell us a
little bit you had a basketball career
college career I'm serious guys see I'm
a fake I'm a fake basketball player I
play out the gym pick up all he actually
had a little career gross mom Grossmont
college position small for power for
point average I colleges like 13 Oh cuz
you know they say like cool it was 22 no
no you know and they say like when a
girl tells you her body count you always
got to assume it's more than what they
say cuz they fucking lie that same with
all these points so he says 13 he says
13 you assume it's like 9 or 10 I scald
average and I felt a virgin 20 to 80
sauce the I did I want some game where's
Jordan I he's on a date
bigger yeah hey guys Jackie got a new
job today she's grown up she's doing big
things ten to seven office job she's
doing big things
I'm already okay just stand up you look
hot and I just I want to record you and
then you cancer sucks
you left your ratchet eyes left
unmatching songs on my fucking house I
don't care you still I didn't say leaves
on my house you look hot
how was your first day okay okay good
Bosley you see you look hot it's kinky
the business outfit this is actually
none of his business attire really big I
know but still you see right here mm-hmm
hey baby hey man I miss you I miss you
too well we'll discuss your new job
later my camera's dead say goodbye we'll
be seeing me less yeah now that she's
working a tender seventh whereby you're
a gold-digger why'd you find a new job a
full-time ten to seven Bosley if you
barked one more time I want to put you
in the garage
hey Bosley stop that it's 10:30 go to
sleep babe I know they look good
that's why I know I'm literally old you
could pick a TV show okay you want me to
come only if you tell me your first day
of work was good okay fine I'm coming
guys my sleeping habits need to fucking
change it's almost 5:00 a.m. and I'm
still awake I'm just watching
SportsCenter I don't know why the hell
I'm watching baseball but I've been
trying to go to sleep for hours now like
I've been in bed since like 11 or 12 and
I just can't fall asleep it makes no
sense and I'm already awake to start
editing I slept for like three hours
because I want to go to the gym at like
11:00 so I gotta wake up finish editing
my video sometimes I could go to the gym
play some basketball and getting like
three hours of sleep every night is just
it's it's not healthy it's not healthy
and I need to stop doing it but it's
like it's like a bad habit that I can't
I can't control I try to go to sleep in
my body just won't let me fall asleep
but I need to change it because it's
really unhealthy and it's going to come
back to by me in the long run okay guys
so if you can't tell I'm actually about
to go leave right now
to go play some lunchtime basketball
wait look but before I go I just want to
with this outro just kind of give you
guys the news about my day so today
August 5th 8 months ago today 8 months
on December 5th 2015 I asked the most
beautiful the hardest-working the just
in my opinion the most perfect girl in
the world to be my girlfriend Jackie of
course I stood with my girlfriend
December 5th exactly eight months ago so
I guess today is our eighth month and
I'll probably take I'm take her out
tonight probably dinner just go go out
with her I'm hanging out there today
she's at work right now so I probably
bought her some flowers and don't get me
wrong we were dating way before December
5th we were dating before that we were
talking we were pretty much already
boyfriend and girlfriend just without
the title boyfriend and girlfriend
because I was too fucking pussy to ask
her out so then December 5th 2015
say 8 or 9 p.m. that's on Brandon a
wadis for Wallace you guys already know
this job finally grew the huevos to ask
my girlfriend out so happy eight months
babe I love you in my opinion I got
lucky enough to fall into a relationship
with D most perfect girl in the world
and yeah so we should have fun today I'm
about to go play some basketball and
then the real fun starts after that by
the way when I say the most perfect girl
I don't just mean look so I don't just
mean personality I mean from top to
bottom
inside outside whichever way you look at
it personality looks in my opinion I got
blessed with the just I don't even need
to say it anymore
she's perfect to me so happy eight
months one and I can't wait to see you
today
ah so hurry up and get off work babe
come on it's only 10:30 good morning I
need to go play some basketball
