I got this so would you say new plan so
Jackie like I said she's all-natural
today she possibly why are you actually
scaring me today my girlfriend is
all-natural so we're gonna change that
what are we doing out today what do we
do you're gonna be taking an L what are
we doing she is letting me take her up
explain so pretty much I don't know if
this is a challenge I don't know if it's
going around YouTube or I don't know
what but it's a challenge okay I guess
it's a challenge boyfriend does crazy
Latina girlfriend's makeup you have to
throw that party I'm just joking
Jackie's actually one of the calmest
girlfriends ever like I just feel like
even if I cheat on her she would just
laugh and kiss me like haha oh babe okay
fine I'm still keeping it then boyfriend
does crazy latina girlfriend makeup and
that's what we're doing so okay so what
do i do concealer contour mascara what
else I don't know how foundation lies I
don't know what else sometimes you know
like all the porn stars that fucking
cake all their face out like that's what
I'm gonna turn you into oh no babe oh
just get the supplies and I'm get to
work mom I'm doing the cake my
girlfriend up challenge not cake like
booty she already has cake thanks mom
so my girlfriend was already a ten out
of ten but what is it's about a maker a
12 out of 10 we're gonna make my
girlfriend beautiful I don't know how
the fuck I've never done makeup I've
never done anyone's makeup but we'll see
how this goes guys I'm excited I'm
actually surprised she's letting me do
this honestly makeup pencil so these are
like so that's like what I color your
face with like a coloring book no this
is eyeshadow stick so I shadow stick and
what is this my lip gloss is poppin yeah
so these are your mom's lip gloss these
are like there's just a lot of stuff and
what do other porn stars use everything
yeah I could tell okay okay okay I got I
got it
boom foundation it's plump lips you need
that you need
I have plump lip literally look are you
ready though okay and then we're gonna
give you a face shot after face shot
like well I could give you that too but
I'm talking about like you know the
celebrity that okay hold on guys so I
don't know does it though hey guys look
I'm gonna put on my girlfriend's lashes
haha
Konoe please guys look you actually have
such pretty eyelashes oh look oh my god
am i literally fucking what are you
laughing at guys oh my god yeah why am i
literally Jackie babe I I'm scared I
should look like I do
Oh Oh is glue on there okay tone it hey
guys let's get this started kay what do
I start with first foundation or okay
five five five challenge between also in
France are you at all what do you mean
all boyfriend oh oh maybe huh not me
yeah okay guys babies guys look I
literally hit the jackpot
imagining out the casino you hit seven
seven seven look all more okay babe I'm
not an idiot I put the foundation with
this I can't tell you honestly I'm gonna
do this one is this literally the holy
bread of that church is so I'm gonna use
land huh
OOP
okay guys now we get this show on the
road
oh you can't see actually you can't see
nothing this to your lips wrong Bay's
look orange did you cover me
just one more pump one more yeah that's
it
do what you always do with your lips you
know like that okay foundation done next
we're gonna go with oh I'm gonna make a
real chola where's the thing that you
saw yeah where is the stencil for the
lips this one oh shit okay they've
pulled a front camera for this one baby
little bit I remember doing this and I
was like in third grade the coloring
book make your lips harder stop frontin
sexy yes oh my gosh I might have to sell
the food hey why are you gathering too
hard oh I'm out to stop this video take
you back to the room right now okay
hey you're looking hot okay and now we
get let's see start show it mom okay
guys boys tried to open the lid and it
literally fell out baby hold it hold it
became you're supposed to okay I can't
even tell you what you're supposed to do
I don't know if you guys have seen the
new trend but it's two different
lipstick colors yep if you look sexy I'm
not gonna lie
yeah I look like brown shit Harambee no
no no no no this on my lip I know but
this doesn't work on my teeth I mean oh
I should wear my hair now that's the
same color no more kids guys look at me
hey why would you do that to me it's a
challenge for you not me okay yeah it's
already guys well I'm I'm fucking pig I
haven't used a damn pencil sharpener
since out like in fifth grade oh my god
these still work
how Hey I'm go to jails you call for
help this is probably domestic abuse
honestly your lips are hella pink are
they mmm okay now we got uh what is this
mascara you know I'm not worth in my
eyes I hit a mascara right okay guys we
got the mascara right here no I don't
like this one guys do you know if Mac or
Sephora are hiring because I feel like
I'm actually good at this shit babe dude
this is happening
really are you sure you're going hey why
are you laughing you don't laugh on
Sephora does it be good okay no no stop
you better off with your fake lashes
honestly
I need a mascara with ink none of those
have ink you lied to me this one you're
so beautiful
where's the thing that the porn stars
put right here the eyeshadow um
okay guys we're opening the Willy Wonka
oh shit
Nina like this brush yeah like two
colors Oh God
yep purple for the Sun close your eyes
honey hey how come you never do your
makeup like this for know when you go
hey wait what what about the wing that
goes right here you know yeah you have
to do that too with mascara okay well I
need a new brush
what are you doing so hard
if you look good guys this is the makeup
nobody punched her in the face oh my god
I let that be you would be okay and now
um what about concealer where's that
without any what what you can look my
mom called yourself a true female and no
concealer what kind of okay now what
about the wing with the pencil eyeliner
what is that this liner so where's the
eyeliner this girls how do you do this
think your mom what I mean I'm gonna
have to give my mama damn Sephora gift
card or something
okay well I'll do the wing with this
okay babe all I'll make it work don't
worry just have a seat back honey you're
too stressed okay yeah okay and I
noticed thatone didn't come out too good
so I'm gonna have to redo the part okay
guys this is the wing sharpen it sharpen
it you're just trying to get me to do
something - sure - call the cops
sharpen me I look like a crazy lady good
you don't need it for tram messages
anyone show me what you okay guys this
is the wing ow
and they hit too long what do you love
me why do you look so bad okay it's hard
um what else did you need Oh your
eyebrows babe what is this what the fuck
is that
horseradish I don't know oh my god okay
wait oh I think this is the different
color I'm looking for yep you know who
would be your friend
Stephen King's it
okay babe I know when I watch my
cousin's do their makeup they do much
more than this yeah what am I missing
out on I feel like your lashes aren't to
like they don't see and now they're not
rash okay we'll put on the lashes do I
staple them onto or all right okay what
else do we put though I don't know you
have makeup here you have to step in
there okay guys let's check hold up hold
up
just sit tight babe you're ruining it
you're ruining it don't please don't
ruin my artwork aren't those the same No
okay guys along yeah guys it's time to
contour is this contour mm-hmm what is
this
howdy boy
why do you people because we were so
angry lately
Oh ah okay hold on I'm almost done here
bullshit she needs this unibrow ha ha
I'm just joking she doesn't have one
thank you but I have a unibrow fetish
you're not have to look left I am but I
need to move the camera angle dick
what is the where's the blood can you
please pick it up for me
this is so hard I respect girls who do
their damn makeup every day I just have
to see I'm thinking into my what do I
use this again blush contour method some
weak shit
like
you can change okay is there more blush
look at me oh no guys so this we're just
turning it into blush we're doing our
own masterpiece maybe you actually look
like if you're at a museum I would buy
you for a couple thousand bucks this
painting
that's worth millions okay what more do
girls fucking you up I think that's it
no okay guys you know what I can't do
this makeup challenge anymore the more I
scare her the more beautiful she is I
mean I need to take her anyways uh
anyways guys - you actually a little
better than I actually every time going
better than like I ever before I see you
then you should just let me do your
makeup ribbon no but look at the
comedian Slava so now we're gonna go
down let me take your num now I bet
you're so addicted to selfies even like
this you're still trying to sell through
I know anything no fair you're gonna
scare well okay guys so right now we're
gonna go surprise my mom what do you do
okay guys
mama yeah let me buy a flower oh okay I
love you mum isn't it nice really hey my
rose look at her live oh my god
Ali's a headache I know barely guys look
how beautiful I really can't get enough
this actually feels so nasty why let's
go take a nap
oh my god I'm just joking you're
actually not getting in my bed like that
I'm actually gonna get below the lady
did that tell me if the challenged
boyfriend does girlfriend supposed to be
good at it I am good at it okay long do
that the space for it for ya so we're
going babe okay babe maybe next time
next time I swear okay guys we're ending
this video I hope you enjoyed this video
come here babe let's do the outro oh my
gosh I'm actually scared of you babe
ah it's Stephen King's it the clown okay
guys I hope you enjoyed this video if
you did a for my whole face honestly
like this is so girls give a kiss to the
camera I don't know close okay so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video something
different obviously my regular vlog and
now I definitely plan on doing it back I
hope you guys enjoyed react to one oh
wait maybe I actually like your makeup
they not easy I think you like makeup on
you because you have lip gloss all over
your face
so I know what you're into now I'm into
this tbh baby how are you still sexy
yeah mob guys go make up some time I
like that better than yeah I did it
better than her right are these the
other ones babe tell me why you're still
hot though like I just want to take it
tomorrow
it's not moving off you don't have to
take it off I said you would not like
that
