I got this guys were waiting 23 more
minutes big police other ones coming on
in 23 minutes just tell them what's
coming on in 23 minutes cops what a new
a new ok babe say hi please babe you
look hot without makeup okay well we got
it hey Boswell give me five
yeah it's only cuz you have babe you
don't look bad
it's only cuz he we have KFC we got our
meal ready for cops got other than
basketball like cops is the only thing I
watch on TV tell them I literally don't
even I don't even fit cops is so funny
but yeah other than like I don't usually
watch TV shows like I don't watch that
all I watch is like I watch porn Bob but
cops is the only TV show that I watch
yeah like when you're on your period I
have to know so yeah guys we got KFC
we're ready for cops babe we have to
wait till 8 o'clock to eat it I gave my
girlfriend oh what you gave me one first
not okay my I don't really touched my
nose okay why were you mad at me earlier
honey Harambee no don't get it twisted I
said you look like a hotter version of
Harambee a hotter version of a gorilla
Bosley guys he's literally trapping me
outside my room because I have KFC in
there Harambee babe he's hot gorilla and
I could you're a hotter version of
Harambee
okay okay no no no that's it you're done
she just gave me a wedgie no ok you'll
see turn okay don't turn around if you
turn around in front of me you're
getting honestly the fattest wedge
you've ever got in your life I'm serious
you actually had the nerve Harambee to
give me a wedgie look you know every
time I look up my don't don't no no no
you're gonna get a wedgie I swear and
I'm gonna get on camera so you might as
well wait what are you doing you're
actually trying to fight that God you
know every time I look at my tattoo at
fast glance I always think it's just a
Harambee
okay turn okay I'll give you a chance to
run to my room look what you did you
scared my dog no no you scared my dog
you can't get away with that cops guys
this is an old episode look new cops
next standup
I'm giving you a wedgie yeah I am hey
nope okay let me give you a wedgie I
won't get on camera okay why are you in
not matching socks maybe I just don't
like to mash and be basic ok Harambee
and why would you get mad I said you
look like a hotter Harambee and her arm
is already hot so that's like calling
you a queen a princess why do you call
me like I tell you I said you look
beautiful and hot without makeup I tell
you I actually tell you can you not wear
makeup no I don't I'll show them the
text I said can you not wear makeup
today cuz you look hot without makeup
and my ride Bosley
looks fatter today does he yeah yeah his
belly is like overlapping hey boswell
too many tree
listen Bosley actually loves chicken
bother let me see your teeth guys look
out small balls legs teeth are bonzer
let me see your teeth yeah you want
chicken you want some KFC chicken Bosley
you look so happy why so that that's
what it takes to get you happy bobsled
first my god Cobb's reloaded actually
just so funny like you should literally
me guys it literally me the whole time I
lost I could oh my gosh
no those are my chicken littles okay
babe you'll see I can't see it a little
bit we have a deal I'll let you have a
chicken little if I get something after
we eat is I yes okay Bosley are you
giving Jackie attitude huh
I gave me attitude none guys look so I
gave Bosley some chicken right and he
and he left I gave him some he's content
look look he's scratching out the door
watch Bosley no didn't I give you the
chicken over there and you ate it and
then I said no more no that's it I gave
you your chicken Bosley don't scratch
out the door you're being a cock block
Bosley I said don't scratch out the door
no I gave you two pieces of chicken
Bosley no guys look at Bosley he's moved
far away but he's still staring deeply
he moved farther but no no no no Bosley
no no no no no I'm just joking Bosley
listen I gave you two and a half pieces
of chicken I gave that to you okay and
then I massaged like this behind your
ear
I've been watching a lot of cops don't
make me put you in cuffs hands behind
your back hands behind your back right
now
Bosley I will arrest you you're being
detained babe I think I'm gonna have to
be a cop now guys I'm done vlogging your
Miranda rights you have the right to
shut the fuck up you also have the right
to get in my bed and and you also have
the right to hand to let me handcuff you
in bed here down okay now I definitely
want to be a cop no you're being did
take you're not being taken away you're
not arrested you're just being detained
okay I've been watching too much cops
that's literally all I talk about
they've been my new favorite saying
you're not arrested isn't being detained
calm down new episode um I'm still dying
oh oh that was literally a edged spear
if you guys know what I mean that WWE I
love the theme song hey that's my new
favorite song I hope they have it on an
apple music oh that's gonna be my new
intro bad boys bad boys guys I'm more
hype than when a son's games about to
start
I'm more hype than if the sons win Game
seven of the NBA Finals
oh I love when they say we have a canine
in rock sterile vehicle we have a cane
k9 oh my god a zebra I love when they
say we have a canine in drought stop
running oh my god I just love when the
people don't cooperate it makes it so
much more interesting for me guys is
this literally the claw of the chicken
like it's literally the cloggin like
this guy's look I got this from my
snapchat but look at Bosley look he
found a piece of chicken in the trash
but he was too scared to get it because
I was watching him but look how he was
resting his head on the trash can your
mom named you after Jacqueline Kennedy
Jacqueline Harambee okay guys we just
finished we just finished cleaning up
what you see babe a new scene is on hey
why are you wifey material
okay hold on pause pause pause let's
pause where are you taking it we could
take it downstairs guys why is my
girlfriend hash out
why is my girlfriend so good to me she's
trying to she's trying to marry me she
wants to prove to me that she's wifey
material
maybe you not have to prove anything
else babe why would you want to marry
this just look at my lip hey then pause
oh my gosh oh my what the new episodes
only 30 minutes there's only five more
minutes who the fuck made the show babe
just look at me when I smile look
and later looks like I'm missing a tooth
oh uh baby it's okay just leave it we
can't waste candy baby why don't you
ever let me do the dirty work with this
relationship not prosper if I did the
dirty work
okay guys Bosley made his escape and
he's now going back inside Bosley stop
hiding under the plants we know where
you are we're not gonna take you to jail
just cooperate Bosley you're just being
detained come here come on okay you want
chicken let's go why can't the criminals
come this easily okay buzzer
where did my girlfriend go Oh guys if
she fucking scares me I swear to god
babe if you scare me we're done I swear
Bosley and Bosley's going first so if
you scare him that's the animal abuse
and I will call PETA or pedo whatever
the fuck Bosley hold on don't go first
da babe fuck you you still fucking
scared you know fuck you you still
scared me babe no I still got scared
yeah guys I walk to it god oh really
guys I walk I look from the bathroom and
office I just could put both my face
like on both ways like this just in case
hold on okay I'm gonna give you a wedgie
baby you actually brush your teeth guys
is the first time she's brushing her
teeth today the first time in the whole
year I'm just joking me and Jackie
actually have like a brushing teeth
phobia babe how many times okay babe
stop cleaning up my room I appreciate it
I know your wifey material by night off
to prove it I know look at you without
makeup how cute hmm
really every day we hang out how many
times we brush our teeth together like
five pretty sure that's bad no not more
you know I used to hate your toothpaste
because I wasn't mine but now I know you
have the right one seven one works
really well hey can I get you a nugget
okay that I have to do it again Mosely
actually hates you somehow bother would
laughs like me holy shit look how much
dip wait babe let me see your let me see
our feet look at what a difference why
babe Bosley move really quick
no look stand normal guys look out what
how big look babe show your feet next to
mine normally oh my gosh maybe you're
all right pussy
give me five buddy good boy it's only
cuz I gave you chicken huh yeah can i
I'm just joking I'll fuck with short
hair oh my god oh my god oh my gosh
I'm Andy oh babe can we give them a
sneak preview of the video we were
talking about where I give you different
hairstyle guys look what Jackie wrote no
I want to show them the Borat thing look
so a long time ago when bora first came
out this is my whiteboard I was in loved
here I was in love with the movies bora
i still am like that she is a funniest
movie ever I've watched it honestly what
15 16 times I loved well I had it on DVD
babe you look like him you look like his
friend I was a mud
do you know him yeah cuz you're his wait
no I wrote Brandon plus Bora I don't
know why I was like fuckin super young
Jackie took over my whiteboard she said
I am Borat and look Brian plus Katie pay
because you have a crush on her but
anyways I put I'm your only girlfriend
any other girl sees that when I would
just say it's a prank other girl okay so
let me tell you what video the guy saw
the video we were plotting on doing here
let me put the camera down we were
planning on making a video where I'm
gonna pretty much be Jackie's hairstyle
hairstylist and she's like a skit school
closer and she's gonna tell me what
hairstyle she and I'm gonna babe you're
not ugly stop saying that she's gonna
tell me what hairstyle she wants and I
have to do it for her so - but this
isn't the video so today we're only
gonna give you guys a sneak peek what do
you want today I feel like maybe we
should hold a camera woman yeah that's
what I told you I told y'all put it here
shout out legend man and just favorited
my tweet legend man has to be by far my
favorite legend man shoutout okay he's a
huge fan by the way watch all my videos
from the UK okay what do you request
today honey
oh no bun a bun yeah I don't I request a
bun to know my actual body that is your
actual body like the theory
okay fine in case you guys don't know
for my girls watching is one of the
girls it's a lady here so I'll they go
it's a lazy hairstyle but they act like
they do along all they do is put their
fuckin here in a ball and put it up here
yeah roll all that shit up in your abs
look first you start by doing this okay
and then they like twist it like this
no yes Ben I'm not done though
where's a stapler Bosley give me the
stapler and then that's it this is the
bomb guys that's not a little bit snow
you have to wrap it on do it again
Wow they're the bun ah goody no babe
that's the bun that was wrong okay well
that's a sneak preview for the video
coming soon
okay guys a preview for tomorrow's video
just so you know what to expect
she is letting me take her up it's a
challenge okay
I guess it's a challenge boyfriend does
crazy latina girlfriend's makeup you
have Bosley did you see my girlfriend
hey what did you say mom what did you
think of Jackie how beautiful did she
look okay guys so tomorrow's video
boyfriend does girl trip fave go wash
session please boyfriend does
girlfriends makeup I had a blast doing
it yes yes okay guys so no mom really
when Jackie came down and showed you the
makeup balls your reaction okay tune in
tomorrow okay
boyfriend does girlfriends makeup I
don't know if it's a challenge or a damn
horror movie but babe power of Christ
compels you
baby how are you still sexy babe tell me
why you're still hot though like I just
want to take you to my room it's not
humming off you don't have to take it
off any would not like that we're gonna
need some surgeries to get that shit off
okay guys I need to help her take this
off it looks major it's not coming off
so hold up babe just come here you look
sexy with it on why you look better than
when you do your makeup I swear guys me
and Jackie on MySpace friends now we
could finally finish watching cop video
tomorrow what was the challenge
boyfriend does girlfriends makeup ha
they feel rough okay honey don't you
hate when I call you that I feel so old
kay honey sweetheart potato chip you
call me sweet whatever daddy huh and we
were just questioning what kind of
fucking couple on a Saturday night
age 21 years old 20 let me out let me
out you know partying Papa it is dead
we're here watching cops relation show
you know you're that's how you know your
oldest fuck yeah like we're like 80s
married like whoa whoa I'm joking we're
like 80 years old baby just still that
should all be who I was babe do you why
I keep spilling it on me why just wipe
it on my face
uh-oh he's about to get caught guys I
look I just love the you know you're
going to jail you're going to jail put
your hands behind your back don't resist
stop resisting stop resisting not a cop
I'm gonna be cops the show listen when
you say cankles or canker not kinkle
cankles what you have I know that's why
I just keep imagining ok incur sore you
have a cankle no this is canker sore
gone bad normal canker sores like half
the size but this is whether you're an
idiot and you keep biting it herpes from
you it was the giver you when you
started I know God actually stole it
from Jack I literally made this and the
Bryson tiller Joshy customized Everett
or you wait to see it again and now it's
not in stores she customized it from a
website herself and I stole it from her
yeah do you know how much this was you
know what no it's for you now cuz it's
mine babe yeah ok guys saw the challenge
we did was let your boyfriend do your
makeup challenge we also have for you
let's it hold on ok so we also have that
challenge in mind girlfriend does
boyfriend a makeup challenge maybe I
don't know phone to do that shit I'm
doing it ok fine use this we we also
have been planning the language
challenge where a lot of different
challenge I see curling Li yeah she
speaks much we've also planning the
hairstyle challenge the marshmallow oh
you put marshmallows
what's it called marshmallows marsh
yeah mash no I love having a foreign
girl from El Salvador and then um
the who knows best me maybe you don't
know me you don't even know my favorite
sport what's your favorite what's my
favorite color ha ha ha 1 days ago
around me past 8:00 a.m. I'm still awake
I still haven't slept gotta go to the
gym to release some stress every time
I'm stressed I just play basketball
pawsley yeah when you put all those
people in the garage all the haters all
the people trying to stop ruin a good
time all the people trying to party poop
and right on the parade we need to put
them in the garage right mm-hmm parsley
parsley positive are you doing what are
you doing what are you doing oddly no
I'm gonna go to the gym Bosley
you want to come hey why do you keep
smelling you want to come to the gym
with me lovely you look like a grill but
you want to come to the gym okay guys
we're actually live on periscope right
now I got my supporters right here
supporters where you guys at hold on let
me get the names really quick supporter
it's bras squad where you guys at let's
see in the vlog yo ha ha what are you
laughing oh shit are you laughing at my
face or my nose I'm trying to zoom in on
the names oh there we go there we go
in the vlog deez nutz hi love you Oscar
hey Brandon volg
one person hey bro what is guys I love
talking to guys it's like a huge family
that I could talk to and you guys
support me no matter what
unconditionally I don't know why I don't
periscope more often but yeah guys I'm a
and this scene now
guys look what time it is word 24 and I
still have not slept I haven't slept one
second ever since oh no my dad Tony
woodchuck again father let's go expose
my dad showing off how much money he has
to my girl huh this is 26 years old what
is it
pray for Harambee Ron when I come when I
came here lies down this will be my
dad's suitcase that no wonder you only
wear like two shirts yeah guys I haven't
slept I don't know why I'm not even
tired I haven't slept I think it's
already cocaine but I haven't slept at
all it's crazy
do you see that heat wave in my room
it's cold all around the house you go
play with a thermostat yeah I turn it
down because I turn it down every night
because the whole house is cold it's
like there's snow and then the second
you step into my room let's say the
amount of the second go like this heat
wave I don't know why if I have three
fans on it it's still hot okay because
here we freeze our asses I'm married
yeah but the father is supposed to take
some pain for the Sun or the Sun or the
moon go yeah guys every time it's late
at night I guess so hot because my room
is right over the garage so we get a
temperature way higher up here I sneak
downstairs my dad gets oh man I lower
the thermostat and turn on the a/c Oh
guys this is the first meal I'm eating
all day running on no sleep wait what
it's almost 5:00 p.m. this is Jackie's
what at 6:00 meal for we uh hit the road
for Dallas we're gonna come ourselves
about it 20-hour drive
we're actually across the street from
the Phoenix Suns arena so channel 2
brought far away it is I'm out here film
on what both eat before we well hold on
mummies God we watch Canyon Road their
talents we're gonna cry about it
20 hour drive we're actually lower
stream from something extensive inna so
shout out to brought far away this mile
here okay well I was thinking he was
gonna shout me out usually a youtuber if
they're in front of the Phoenix Suns
arena and they mentioned I would imagine
they'll chat me out but I guess there's
some other youtuber or some other person
that he knows called bar waitis damn out
of love to collab with the guys I was
hoping he would have send my name and I
would have hit him up and we could have
collab but alright guys if you're
watching this good luck if you want to
collab with bar waitis whoever that is
make sure to tell now I'm a bigger Suns
fan than whoever that is I'm a bigger
sunshine than bar waiters I'm just
joking guys fan bro watt is for what is
anyways guys a lot of you guys a lot of
you guys who watch my videos also watch
guys and we hit each other up Twitter we
were talking last night I don't want to
spoil anything you know I don't wanna uh
I don't want to give too big of a hint
but all of a sudden fan me and guys
collab sometime next week he's gonna be
down here in San Diego on Sunday the
pop-up shop but I'm not gonna that's how
we're gonna clap we're gonna call out
next week we have video ideas I don't
want to spoil them but just know a lot
of you guys who watch my videos also
watch guys so um just go I'm gonna give
me a chance to redeem himself actually
guys if you can if you if you want to
keep pronouncing my name bar waitis
honestly I don't care as long as you
hook me up with some new sneakers
because honest and what the focus is so
you fix up my sneaker shoe game you
could keep calling me whatever the fuck
you want you can call me barway this you
could call me Bosley I don't care so uh
but if you're not gonna hook me up with
some new sneakers then I expect to be
called bruh WADA's but anyways I just
wanted to drop that news my first collab
I've never collabed with anybody we were
talking last night I'm excited I'm hyped
so uh sometime next week stay tuned
all of a sudden fan yeah all of a sudden
okay so uh guys shout out to you I can't
wait to do this collab I can't wait to
make the video we were talking about
both videos and I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
much love to you guys bra squads and I
hope you guys are looking forward to my
very first collab because I'm a little
nervous but I'm also excited I've never
done it before so on it should be fun
and hopefully one of many more to come
many many more
