I got this
guys I had no idea this was happening
dad tell us what you're doing wait dad
tell us what you're doing I'm moving my
office
I thought the fitters out here my my
serve it so so my dad is this came from
downstairs in this office
so dad where are you putting this
actually okay Bosley I move my anger
Diaz you know I give this monkey okay
and what about here I move this one up
from here here so what do you do sit in
the closet no oh now put a little bit
this is gonna be right here in the room
okay the the bed is gonna be facing you
sir no way when is all this happening
why did I know oh my god who brought
this in the house when did I why did
anyone tell me this so busy making
videos yeah I know somebody just on the
corner and who's gonna do all this
nightmare guys you want to know how am i
you want to know how my dad does all
this I'm just joking that was from the
praying oh I don't know why my mom kept
it baked mom see God punished you then I
have this corner is empty okay and then
I'm gonna put my desk I hear from you
Oh leave it up to my dad you guys know
our backyard used to be grass and my
dad's turn the backyard into what it is
like by himself by himself you just put
on the helmet and you go to work no
really our backyard used to be grass
boswell oh hi dad what
hey buzz well guys so my dad he's like
almost done he he did this part away my
laptop's in here I was editing in here
but so my dad moved that look this this
looks so weird to me and probably Bryan
Bryan come luck did you see look guys
yeah Bryan is my dad literally of
fucking like this all in like two hours
guys my dad he did hey hey my dad did
our backyard all by himself like I said
you should be all grass
yeah he's like my dad's gone yeah yeah
like anytime anything remotely give it's
my dad visit me happy to know that our
bathroom down state like he he painted
our whole house he painted this room my
room we remodeled the whole backyard
like my dad is view and what is this
what year did he drop out of school like
kindergarten like he I don't know how do
you know that was it called no I don't
think so he that's what he says but I
think you dropped out in like second
grade yeah no okay but yeah so my dad
did all this so now he just needs to
move he's gonna put a desk here with his
chair so he's pretty much gonna make
this area his office I know and then I
don't know guys my dad just I want to be
like Papa rug and I grow up yeah except
he's a Lakers or a warriors fan I'm a
Sun sphere so I want to be just like him
except for being a scientist dude I know
how do mean you come outside does such
good peer yeah yeah like I'm ashamed I'm
ashamed my mom is such a sweetheart and
my dad is just so many more and you know
that me and broad are literally just
just look at us like we're just dumb
losing weight this is literally us here
but the mask okay this is literally me
am oh no cuz Marla knowed you was smart
they were carpenters oh I think in the
shop
well how did my dad's line hello fucking
my dad hey waiting for the Mario Bob
yeah I can't see are you guessing for my
mama
wait wait don't my own though you have
to have sex that's at the very end we're
not at the end of our Kazmir brother
let's go to in and out do I put a
diamond camo no boswell you want in and
out well we like to turn off someone hot
no I ate out Daisy now peach oh wait
you're supposed you're supposed to do
peach cuz you're Mario Bosley Bosley
no I'm Luigi I have Daisy you have oh
yeah before you guys were dating bug
peach guys me and Brian were addicted to
Mario Party when we were younger
okay Brian couldn't go to in-n-out okay
we're about to go get some in and out
we're just gonna get drive-thru
something why would you not pee outside
the garage is already open what guys I
don't I hate when when people pee in the
bathroom if like if the garage is
already open your module just chaos our
neighbors come out wait no no don't
don't let me doing don't do it on camera
guys em Brian who fit bullshit there's a
car coming
Bosley get inside Bosley oh no that's
the girl that hates Bosley - yes guys
that girl literally almost sued us
because we didn't have Bosley on a lead
but this is Bosley's neighborhood I know
Bosley owns this shit way and Brian who
fixed the basket when it broke my dad
literally please roll all the chains he
use the chains that I whipped Jackie
would like bad buzzer peed on your car
ly k Bosley go back inside we're going
to India now just text me your order
go inside go I think buzzing is the
protein style with the weight loss with
lettuce as
not like going psycho well he goes I
will be right back we'll be right back
we'll be right back don't go inside we
need to close the door the AC's uncle as
if he knows what he just said
can someone call peta on me for
embossing yeah well as much hey that I
have someone would literally call peed
on me and Sabra wadis exposed he leaves
his dog in the fucking house okay we're
about to go to in-n-out
I've never actually ridden in a Brian's
Range Rover except when I jacked off in
the backseat but I haven't ridden in it
I literally act like it's my car I just
open still the new what did you say I
fucking forgot to pee I'm sitting here
I'm wondering why I'll have to pee so
bad I thought I just do but I forgot you
walk oh my god you didn't go pee do I
have to wear my seat belt yes no dad
okay fuck ah oh did you get our today
yes okay fine I'll wear my knee guys
yeah but I put it down I don't know if
I'm gonna bullshit I feel at the top
yeah it's not that strong but it's
looking bright we're literally driving
those open and you want to massage like
I'm I fucking broke stoner Saturday and
he gets a massage while he draw wait
does this one come with happy ending
yeah really where's the hand you
literally asked me don't wanna do you
want a massage and just like what the
are we in a car
it is literally for all my aters please
tell me why this is our anthem please
why the fucking rain just tell me tell
me how to shave okay guys we got mama
rug on the line mom me me and Brian have
a question okay so you know like my dad
dropped out in like second grade or
kindergarten but he's sick but he's
still super smart like he knows how to
do everything
yeah okay Oh dad I mean dad I mean dad
okay and you know how you're like like
you're not that smart but you're really
sweet and caring and like you love us
and stuff my little super swell okay
fine fine mom you're super smart but and
then you know you drop down my
kindergarten too so so why why me and
Brian like I'm in college and Brian
graduated all the way through high
school why are like me and Brian so dumb
like how did we come out so dumb when we
have such like smart parents you guys
are the smartest Judith I don't know I'm
hot
not cute well my boys are handsome smart
wonderful loving caring and I love you
guys ever say about yourself yourself
mom mom mom mom
the vlogging cameras off you don't have
to lie and say you love us it's still
art it's gone
these guys out anything mom I'm waiting
to expose expose okay mom Wendy's have
you ever tried it I mean I haven't had
one in years but I'm low-key down for
Wendy's instead of in and out I probably
should have said that why you know it
does sound pretty good right now but why
the fuck would you mention Wendy's then
hey hold on hold on cuz it the live at
turn love cuz okay just imagine the Lima
in and out it's a nice like drive to
light oh yeah that's good memories
they're like we have a nice view have
you ever checked off on the drive to a
in and out I know one today I'll just
park the car in the stop no I don't mean
park the car I mean like while you're
driving take so long we're going in and
out yeah yeah god yeah I always jack off
in the lineup the in and out drive-thru
cuz they take so long to give you your
food so like you have to keep yourself
entertained
what day is today today is in lunch it's
still early though like not even 10 fine
you act like the day of the week matters
for That Shakes always the line takes
long no matter what internet has along
this lines and honestly like yeah it's
good but no we're just it's mostly
tourists I think like as obviously
everyone hears it and out to the best
like burger place it is for me but I get
it how much you know the song yeah sexy
can't I just hard enough fucking can put
it up in this is what I used to tell
Jack can I just say babe no you guys
can't see what I'm turning there you
know there's someone on a little
hold on guys if you like throwback song
I fuckin love Brian lives in the fucking
past I swear you're down to the RMD
radio or Pandora guys we'll catch up
with you when we see the line no there's
gonna be zero
even guys that's what I want to move out
to if I didn't move out I'll even look
there Brian got it I got it too early I
know it's so nice and the G must have a
hotel like yeah and the gym is three
stories is it oh yeah guys in a in a
vlog sometime soon I'll give you guys a
tour of one of oh no cuz they didn't let
me record last time
oh whatever yeah I'll still sneak it but
I'll try to give you guys a tour of you
if I do move out I'm not saying any time
soon but if I do this is where I want to
live there brand-new to like last year
okay well there's always going to say
about in and out even if the line isn't
long
they still take they probably jack off
in the fucking records they still take
so long to make it but anyways it's
super good cell phone and I'll show you
the line okay the line is it too long
hey why'd you stop my massage I'll do it
again
oh okay so the line isn't too long but
why do they have someone ordering little
lot of think too long but it's still
gonna take long for the footage online
what are they looking at h-hey come on
let's not
um can I get a cheeseburger with
everything came very wet everything all
right and two fries right so you're
ordering for me too you see your burger
can I get two cheeseburgers or the
onions go you're gonna finish that dude
price okay okay and that's it all right
anything or drink for you guys today uh
water cup Leah water cup water got it
all right three cheeseburgers and
totally fries and two waters guys want
you in the car today no I'll eat I'll
eat in the competitor no no no not my
dress so pace really nice car be here
hey the things give me 1193 all right
all right cool thank you thanks you for
sure things we just did a possession of
stolen vehicle but I love cops
oh yeah I look good right they did under
bright light on the other day literally
I want know and then it topped it off
with a new episode of 8 p.m. personally
I wasn't a big fan of the new episode
but all the old ones are pretty good
they have a new show now called GE it's
not cops reloaded or is it just caught
but now that they have a new show that
comes on after cops and it's called jail
and that's the process f
no wrestling in the jailbreak way I
always something to watch for the long
no it doesn't come on till tomorrow at
11 a.m.
I'll watch old episodes okay how are you
going to find those on YouTube you think
you can like buy them what yeah like I
think YouTube has I was gonna add our
vlog tonight honestly yeah no I'm
definitely gonna buy this
remember when you moved into my room for
like one day or two days bro Brian we
got enough fight
Brian the fucking three hours I move
after I move the trial no and we watch
what we're watching Drake and Josh no no
we want you Drake and Josh so we got the
idea of like oh let's move into the city
all we were such good brother yeah and
like cuz Drake and Josh they lived in
the same room in case you guys didn't
know and so Brian I literally first of
all had to force you to move in with me
yeah he wanted know if I wanted oh but I
usually thinking um so what mr. Lin's
essays rug I think no really I said what
what did they say that he says run bro
on it's in here too no I'm just joking
so you see watching Drake and Josh and
AH not to pay now look guys make sure
you take my car for me pay for me please
hey good jeepers what a funny watch
read-only
keep trying yeah like a 93 days wait so
if when I pay for a Jackie's food
everyone called her gold digger so now
am i literally golden water I'll never
forget the do still $5 fee ya got now is
I steal I saw your car and five dollars
literally did possession of stolen
vehicle but hold on Brian let me finish
the fucking okay now we could say makes
one of purchase you're walking but
literally the next video bruh water too
exposed for using brother for subs and
money but anyway so uh so I finally
convinced Brian we're watching Drake and
Josh in case you guys didn't know Josh
and what's-his-name Drake they move they
live in bed Drake Bell by though yeah
fuck you out so jealous Hector continue
the story bro jealous that was yeah you
wanted to come to the school guys I had
graduated high school and Brian was a
senior and I was in college and they
talked Brian told me Drake Bell was
going to the school I literally wanted
to hop over the fences on school
campuses and I made my rejecting me like
all day I was texting but it was like
when I met Eric Bledsoe
and I was texting Brian saying to buy me
a fucking CD and to get it signed by him
and what does my brother do I bother
eyes me a CD where Drake feels like this
on the cover
and got it siren I felt bad that you
couldn't see him and I was so mad and I
told Brian to Tom I said I love him but
he didn't that that's a little too much
where's that picture wait I mean a big
John's like yeah I can jealous guys I
was having the worst hair day out I
didn't want to take my finger but look I
fuckin mad drained I don't know I don't
want to see the weight like I'm spinal I
can show you met Josh I'll kill myself
okay no Josh like I would just faint on
spawn yeah I got I can't
so like I'm literally I'm literally my
college class in Brian tell me a way to
get to the school like I'll ditch my
class all this because when I was a
senior you know they brought my special
disappearance what fuck his name was a
lot little big Loni Oh guys we go
fucking fake much we got fake bicycles
they told us he was a local rapper and
like he was gonna be really big okay so
right hold on well not gonna tell them
what he is now so you know they brought
him on and they sold them off as well
there's a local rapper you might not
know now but just wait a couple years
he'll be really big introducing big
Ronnie that's when I was a senior that
was our special guest I graduate you
know what happens he turns into the
school security
he goes from look and now he worked at
the school it's been three or four years
and still the school security guard you
know they fuck your school done he's a
rapper like behind the scenes Yeah right
I paid enough SoundCloud oh let me guess
he has a SoundCloud so that makes him a
rapper because whoever has SoundCloud is
already the rapper but anyways so that's
me that's what I get when I'm a senior
and he gets Drake fucking Bell I was so
pissed at the school but anyways back to
the story of when we moved when you
moved in with me so like I found it I
convinced Brian
no your I convinced Brian to move in
with me he moved his bed he moves his
desk move all this clothes how old are
we like 12:30 yeah I've actually moved
by that round and we had an empty room
in the house because Brian's little
smaller than what it is now but here's
what I remember that's when he didn't
get any pussy
but now but anyways uh yes to the
massage start yeah okay so you play I'm
never taking you my car I guess I'm just
kidding
so uh what happened so like we literally
just got in the biggest fight ever I
want to know what it was we had always
you know something about a drawer like I
wanted to make it mine
or something yeah I think bribe okay
went to my room had and his Deva ass
litter hear my voice crack yes Deva ass
literally not even a couple hours into
living with me oh I want to use that
drawer for me and I made my fuck you
don't know we got in a big fight we got
stuff back when they had to move his bed
back so I mom and dad helped me and
Brian are Mia we're not water in the
same room for like three hours
fun fact I already hear Boswell Boswell
fucking changing his name Brian he
already listens to it yeah he already
listened to it one getting comments on
my picture on his crib sing with Basler
what people know who I am
I never belong I'm about to have a
million stuff language she's crazy I
never want to believe it
hey Boswell Bosley Brian stop don't
teaching the wrong things
that's like teaching our kindergartner
how to smoke weed you don't do that
Boswell hey bobsled okay relax okay
close with Bosley no get into it get
aside all right I will leave you on the
garage what me turn off the girl yeah
and close the light I'm just joking turn
off the light I don't know English isn't
even my first fucking language
Oh see you guys this is how unsafe we
feel in our own home literally 10 p.m.
on a Monday night and we both thought we
heard the gate shake just when it was
actually something upstairs mom
it wasn't that busy for once
hey mom and wait you have to cut it
Boswell why don't you help hey bud like
doing this hello HHH HHH
everyone everyone should wait loudly you
want to go in the garage no come on
gonna go in the garage oh wait actually
listen calabaza
okay Fozzie let's go in the garage yeah
I'm gonna put you in the garage
yeah Bosley nope hey stop teaching him
the wrong things
buzzy let's gonna grow a cake I just had
to eat my food getting cold got it
fuckin snitch what'd you say he's trying
to change but mom mom he's lying gonna
do that he's lying I know I never said
I'm gonna change it to Boswell you heard
it stop before I do the Drake and Josh
see you again we're gonna be curring
brothers no you can't fucking move in
with me Boswell pawpaws well uh uh buzz
whoa
Bosley Boswell's Basel you dumbass had
him say garage No
okay Boswell here come on come in I'll
give you a treat come here no more
garage Brian you can't have my grilled
onions burger raw onions is nasty raw
onions your breath early cuz well you're
already stink so it doesn't matter if
you eat the raw onion wait Oh guys my
dad is at the strip club oh my god my
dad is a legend he's at the strip club
on national girlfriend day true yeah
guys it's actually national girlfriend
day I was actually just looking up a
picture to post look Jackie
mom this is bigger than like Christmas
and Halloween
yeah I gave Jackie a lot big gift for a
national girlfriend she gave me eight
inches gift box right why not
guys would which picture should I post
of Jackie which one
why should I post wanna me and her
together just of her because it is
national girl or it's national pet day
or girlfriend day whatever same thing
goes both of us hold on guys look what I
hate her my mother
uh-uh what don't do it
fuck oh my god she said whatever happens
you have it that okay anymore
look at her shirt yeah we got her shirt
huh
this is a big lie mom I'm burping I'm
burping I'm not saying a bad word seats
fuck guys literally three hours later
Boswell's fucking asleep Brian finishes
burger and he's literally halfway done
with his fries and I'm I haven't touched
my food because I don't know which
fucking picture to post fine so if I was
kind of nice okay I honestly don't know
why go to Brian for a girlfriend
question first of all what did you say
about Jackie texting me I said yeah yeah
but and then what did you say would be
nice you said fuck that shit no I said
you said fuck this yeah okay look I said
okay Brian
which one like should I post one of her
by herself he said yeah but why
shouldn't I post one of her by herself
um cuz you're her boyfriend like need to
be with okay but can't I just show her
off like okay so I'm gonna pick up Brian
I'm gonna fucking eat actually fuck
national girlfriend
I know fucking ashildr oh shit oh shit
tomato it's out of all but what about
Brian I don't know though it's a
relationship goals I get you guys the
hardest she is picking a pit okay why
would why laughing okay well why would I
post this and why wouldn't I post this I
want both sides of the argument
um come on I'm hungry all right well why
wouldn't fuck this is uh there's no
reason cuz so why would you post it just
like cuz to me but when you guys is love
you guys are goofy like you guys take
pictures like that
so sugar in love I think we could post
that on it I can show you the video
after though mmm no it's okay okay Brian
I'm just gonna post one I don't even
care running out of time or any other
time when times natural girlfriend day
ends well it's already over for a lot of
people but for us it ends in an hour and
35 minutes Brian I'm just gonna post a
solo one of her where the fuck is
Boswell Brian who put basel on the couch
Bosley you jumped up there by yourself
which one am i right I want oh my oh oh
no no no don't both look at your neck
you literally look like jovem mom shout
out to Michael Green anger grandpa son
Michael Michael I know I fought no it's
his girlfriend but look that's literally
the only YouTube channel I watch I was
showing it because look Brian he made
homemade in-n-out burgers we got it we
got the fast food in now burgers guys
angry grandpa's literally uh the ankud
behind a camera they're the only
channels i watch consistent on youtube
brian i watching more than you but no
shoutout it's so crazy I used to
remember I started out
talking about how much I love and your
grandpa and how much I watch them and
now me and Michael literally talk on
Twitter all the time it's crazy
blessed guys my mom said like my mom as
a confession about 1 2 3 o'clock and I
go this is going crazy and I go
you're watching Wow oh shit to it she
literally would cut my room a like two
or three in the morning saying why are
you laughing and I'm just like mom it's
funny no isn't it isn't it crazy that
like every time I'll talk to Anthony or
so and I'd be like oh imagine if I ever
met anger grandpa and I would laugh and
then guys all of a sudden like last
month I wake up and his son Michael
Green was following me and now mommy you
know we were just talking the other
night we just talk like friends like
normal Michael robot is for woloson he's
a nice guy he is nice I know yes robot
is and anger grandpa and Michael green
collab they'll be good Bosley give me
five if you want to see that give me Oh
Oh Bosley has spoken
bring anger grandpa mom would you let
her grandpa break the stove I would he
doesn't maybe she's just like an average
looking girl yeah she just looked
average like what's so hot about her
Brian she's like she looks like just
like a normal girl that went to Miami to
high school with us honestly I would
honestly take Jackie over Kylie Jenner
Brian I'm serious why wouldn't I
no like she's just harder than her mad
bro I wasn't recording I'm eating my
fucking food
I'm
guys the thing I'm really scared of
honestly before I go to sleep and I'm
hoping I don't but I actually got
exposed today for admitting somehow that
I use phase rug for subscribers and also
use him for his money
I pretty much gold big phase rug and use
it for subs I got exposed here's the
video somehow leaked I don't know how
this got leaked man it's look I mean I
was supposed to be a personal snapshot I
don't know how it got leaked but I'm
just hoping it's already out there I'm
hoping none of the bigger news channels
pick it up because I mean my career's on
the line pretty much got exposed so I'm
hoping I go to sleep and I don't wake up
with you know that but I did get exposed
and I'm hoping none of the bigger some
big news channel picks it up but uh yeah
so bruh wadis exposed exposed uses phase
drug for subscribers and forces him to
buy him food uses him for his money yeah
I mean follow my career's on the line I
don't even know how I'm gonna go to
sleep tonight like snapchat was just
supposed to be sent to my friends and I
accidentally post on my story
you guys all crazy fucking screenshot
and saved it and tweeted it and now it's
out there
I got fucking exposed for using my
brother my little brother for money I
already use him for subs I use him for
views I put him in my thumbnails and
titles I got exposed for that now I'm
gonna get exposed for fucking music
please I don't know teams are scarce if
you guys are watching this please don't
pick up that story look guys I'm just
fucking joking I know a lot of people
believe everything I say so no there's
no expose there was why do you buy for
money but still now I'm just joking but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
it is currently 1 a.m. 1:00 in the
morning and I just finished editing um I
apologize I apologize for not uploading
the past today so I figure this 30
minute vlog
make up for some of that I just been
getting over my sickness you know I had
some things to do for college to pick my
college classes clear some things up
from last semester and I've been going
through some shade past two days so I
couldn't really upload but now don't
worry starting tonight starting right
now or early this morning I guess back
to daily uploads about to hit 1 million
subs there's no slowing us down right
now per watch while I'm excited I'm
hyped to hit a million and I can't wait
I love you guys so much thank you guys
for watching and I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video
