what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka why the fuck am I so short aka
Bramante's what's up bro Aslan how are
you guys today good ok yeah that's good
I'm doing fine myself anyways today's
video is going to be a Q&A um I actually
wasn't going to upload today I've double
uploaded yesterday the day before and
the day before that I'm double uploading
three days in a row so I was like you
know today I was just gonna take a day
off then I thought about it I was like
you know what why not just bring you
guys a Q&A you guys suggested on Twitter
I'm getting all these questions from you
guys on Twitter so uh yeah it's ever
since the last time I did a Q&A I've
gained a lot of stuff so there might be
some people who are new here and don't
really know me and there's just no
matter how much you think you know
person there's never enough questions
you could ask you could always know more
about a person so uh I guess oh my god
I'm so sick oh look at my lips still
look you can see it looks literally
looks like I got my ass beat when I
stayed at home all day
look it was probably Jackie when I went
to sleep she's like she probably dreamt
of me cheating on her and then heard her
latina girlfriend jeans to Cobra but
anyway okay I got all these questions
from you guys on Twitter and let's see
okay so first question are you going to
reward yourself reward yourself for 1
million subs I think you should honestly
a lot of people have been asking me Oh
what are you gonna get yourself when you
hit a million how are you gonna treat
yourself honestly you guys should be the
one rewarding yourself because if it
wasn't for you guys hitting that red
subscribe button who wouldn't have a
million subs me I would not have a
million subs so why should I reward
myself it's on you guys and if anything
when I hit 1 million subs I want all of
you guys to go get yourself some fucking
ice cream or go you know just relax it's
you guys who should reward itself not me
so will I be happy and excited yeah of
course I'll be ecstatic but am I gonna
reward myself with anything special like
buying myself something no I'm not gonna
do that because it's on you guys I
should be thanking you guys
rewarding you guys for that how are you
gonna feel when you hit a million subs I
honestly I don't want to record the
moment I hit a million cells because I'm
gonna cry I don't care
you could try to act all manly and oh
I'm not gonna cry them cry or you could
just try to act like yeah I like a
million subs but it's not whatever no
this is a huge deal to me like I never
knew how much work you needed to put
into this and now that I know and I
appreciate it so much more and if see I
can't even talk about it right now so
I'm gonna get emotional so I'm not gonna
get too deep into this question how are
you gonna feel when you hit a million
subs ecstatic freaking like just just
the excitement is gonna pour out of my
body like I'm not gonna be able to hold
it in and I can't wait I don't even want
to check my subs like people have to
tweet me how many subs I have every day
because I don't want to check myself I
just get so like it's a crazy feeling
yeah I'll never be able to explain it
and honestly I hope everybody who's
trying to do YouTube get to experience
this feeling I wish you guys all the
best success everyone who's trying to
become a youtuber it's great I don't
know how to answer this question Oh will
you ever get married with your
girlfriend okay this is a yes or at
least that's what the goal is because
you know when you're 13 14 15 years old
you know just starting high school you
have a girlfriend maybe you just have a
girlfriend to tell people oh I have a
girlfriend or just to be cool in front
of your friends when you're 21 you're
out of high school you know you're going
to school college and you have a lot of
real life living you got stuff to take
care of you got bills to pay you don't
have a girlfriend just for that you you
haven't you don't have a girlfriend
unless the ultimate goal is is marriage
if you're just having a girlfriend
that's what a foot buddy's for if you
have a girl who don't plan on marrying
at this age when you're 21 22 and you
got responsibilities that's just it's
immature if you don't have a girlfriend
that you look forward to marrying then
what's the point of being with her so
yes I do plan on it I don't know if it
will happen but that's the ultimate goal
for the both of us will you get a new
car anytime soon I've been getting this
question a lot with um after my brother
got his new Rover
honestly I I would like a new car I'm
not gonna lie who wouldn't like a new
car but my car is perfectly fine I love
my car I've had it for almost three
years now Lexus is250 F Sport and I feel
like even if I work together new car it
would it would just be a newer Lexus I
love Lexus it's it's just even my
friends tell me they can't picture me
driving anything other than Alexis like
will you get a new car anytime soon I
have no plans on it but I wouldn't be
surprised if I did and I guess you could
yeah I guess I'll be getting a new car
sometime soon but I don't want to go I
don't want to show out at all let me get
this and that I'd like a Lexus so will
you get a new car anytime soon yeah but
it's not like right here it's like
middle my okay maybe I'll do that maybe
I will
oh then one of my favorite questions how
many times a day do you jack off well
are we talking before Jackie or like
after Jackie came out so after Jackie
came into my life and not much need for
that maybe like once a week
cuz it's still good even if you're
sexually I think it's still good to get
that you know so once in a while you get
that session in the bathroom or here
laying on your bed but it's always even
like I said even if you are sexually
active it's still you not to get you
gotta get go back to your old roots of
jacking off when you're a kid before
Jackie on this before Jackie this
question should say how many times oh it
does say how many times a day yeah how
many times a day before Jackie I got a
relationship with her probably I came in
Cal on my fingers I'm surprised I still
have any like juice in me like I'm just
joking guys thank you first of all who
asked this question well I'm not joking
but how many times the debut jackoff
it's not per day I don't check off every
day TMI oh I got this question plenty of
times in a bunch of different form so
I'm gonna I'm gonna give it pretty much
put together in all the form towards ass
what do you think you would be doing if
you did not have a YouTube channel or
what do you think you would be doing if
your YouTube channel failed or just just
that question what would be your career
today new YouTube well in case you guys
didn't know before I started YouTube I
was actually writing for an
international sports site and I was
credentialed so I was the
editor-in-chief for the Phoenix Suns
section of an international sports
website and I had a separate NBA Twitter
where I would it would be like it was
awesome I was like a sports rider and
that's what I was getting paid for
that's pretty much my job and I was
getting I could get credentials for
games
so I'll get a pass and I could interview
players I never got around to doing that
because I started doing YouTube right
around when that started becoming an
accomplishment for me it started I
started seeing success in that field I
started doing YouTube but that's what I
was doing and that's still what I'm in
school for I'm going to school for
journalism which is writing and
broadcast which is obviously speaking so
what would you be doing if you did not
have a youtube or if your YouTube
channel didn't succeed I'll be doing the
same thing I'd be writing articles I was
editor-in-chief for the Phoenix Suns
section of that website and I would be I
guess interviewing players so it's it's
people think like oh you only didn't you
- no man even even when I started
YouTube if you guys were with me from
the start I didn't do a vlog till 6
months into my youtube I had no plans on
vlogging I had an NBA show for one it's
NBA show 1 2 3 I don't know how many
episodes I did maybe like 10 or 11 until
all the comments were flooded with dudes
start vlogging start doing real life
stuff but that was any of my interest
which obviously is weird cuz now I'm a
daily vlogger but my interest was I was
a sports writer I I was getting
credential to go interview players that
was my job and on the side I did a
YouTube mall YouTube channel called the
bravados NBA show so that's what I was
doing and that's what I still would be
doing that's what I'm going to school
for and yeah for they have more if I
didn't have a youtube channel what keeps
you motivated for putting in work every
day I've said this plenty times and I'm
going to keep saying it I read comment
today in a day out saying bro I was
having a bad day but then you upload it
and now I'm smiling or bro I just got an
either my parents or my girlfriend and
and I watched your video and now I'm
happy that's what keeps me motivated
sometimes I wake up trust me we all wake
up sometimes in those moves where you're
just like you're just mad or like you're
not feeling it for whatever reason and
I'm just like yeah I can't I don't want
to edit and and record and upload today
I'm just not feeling it and then I think
about those people there's even some
people I don't know if this is true or
not cuz I try I tend not to believe it
but sometimes I do oh I was on the edge
of committing suicide before I found
your YouTube channel which is kind of
harsh I don't believe anybody's life
should be gone that far to where you
should be contemplating killing yourself
that's I just I hate that concept but
that's what keeps me motivated I know
there's people who wake up every day and
refresh their sub box waiting for my
videos and when I'm editing when I'm
recording I look towards like I need to
do it that's what keeps me motivated
every single day um oh this is a what
would you do if all your subscribers
left you guys are my family
come on da why you guys are my life like
like like I read all YouTube comments I
look through listen if you have me on
Twitter chances are I've liked one of
your tweets or more or 10 of them I look
at all my tweets all my comments I try
to give as much like you guys are a
family to me you guys are not
subscribers you guys are not fans I know
I refer to you guys sometimes that's
fans or my subscribers but that's just
people get used to that you guys are a
family to me and I've said it plenty of
times when I make my videos I don't want
you guys to feel like oh I'm watching a
youtuber or aw I'm watching somebody I
don't even know his videos are so cool I
want you to say hey guys I'm watching my
friend Brandon look at his video I'm
watching my friend bruh wadis when you
guys show your friends my youtube
channel I want you to say hey look at my
friends channel cuz I'm your friend I'm
not some big time youtuber I'm not like
that so what would you do if all your
subs left
let's not I don't even want to think
about that I love you guys from the
bottom of my heart the bottom of my
heart I love you guys what were your
first impressions of Jackie someone fuck
I need a
motherfucker was hot she was hot
well not was she's still it I mean go
get me some here
you know the emoji ah ow
it's cracked pepper spices and it
fucking to hit against my lip
you know the emoji that's literally like
that one that like when I seen Jackie
for the first time I was just like just
keep walking so I can get a little no
I'm just joking no when my first
impression of a Jackie looks-wise was
holy shit she's fucking hot
and it didn't help that I already had a
thing for Latinas I love Latino girls
like before Jackie if you ask any of my
friends what type of girls are bringing
in two Latinas that's it and she's a
spicy one from El Salvador so that made
it even better yeah and my first
impressions when I when I talk to her
listen she's smart like and she comes
off when you see her face but don't get
mad she comes off as a did to like you
know don't fucking talk to me like she
comes off as one of those girls if
you're never talking and you just saw
her you know she has that mean her
eyebrows fucking automatically like that
so my first impressions were fuck I'm
not fucking talking here let me just
share her ass from a distance but no I
am like it didn't help that all the
other guys would try to get out her and
she would just like turn she's literally
queen of curving guys if you knew Jackie
before me you would know any guy that
tried to talk to her she would literally
like don't like brush it off so imagine
me how much when was I had to grow to
talk to her yeah my first impression is
just like she's smart okay
straight A's in college like that's not
even me I don't I didn't even I can't
even do that and she's just it's yeah I
don't know okay why do you get so much
hate bro and how do you feel about the
hate honestly it why I get so much hate
in my opinion is because I'm actually a
real youtuber and I speak what's on my
mind I know a lot of people who are
they'd rather be fake for their fans you
know you guys it's such a beautiful day
out
you know I'm gonna go enjoy myself on
this is such a beautiful like something
like that just like fake and I guess it
works because they have a larger
audience but for me in my opinion I'd
rather be real I'd rather keep it real
with you guys and just speak how I want
to and just be myself and if people like
me for being myself then I call those
true fans or two subscribers and if
people would rather like me for being
fake like wake up and being like oh I
had such a good night's sleep I hope you
guys did too then I don't want those
people watching my videos I'd rather be
real I don't want to be forced to be
someone I'm not on camera and then when
I turn the camera off be my normal self
I just want to be my normal self all the
time so I think that's why I get a lot
of hate cuz when you're real and when
you speak fags I mean when you speak
what's on your mind it comes off as mean
or rude when it really isn't it's just
like I said being real I don't want to
be fake to you guys I don't want to act
like something I'm not so for the people
that like me for being myself thank you
for the people that don't and they leave
hate this is just not the channel for
you there's plenty of channels out there
where the youtubers act fake to get more
subscribers and to be nicer on camera
off camera they're douchebags if you
guys like that how do you feel about the
hate honestly look at me bro I'm just
I'm just chillin every day like I wake
up I go to the gym I have a girlfriend
like the hey does not look let me tell
you something if you are big or a bigger
figure you're gonna get hate let me give
you an example an example of why if
you're not big you're not gonna get hate
so you should take hate as a positive
thing as contradicting as that sounds
when Steph Curry was on the Warriors a
couple years back and he was going
through all those ankle injuries and you
know he was playing second fiddle to
Monta Ellis who gave a fuck about Steph
Curry no one now that Steph is MVP
NBA champion unanimous MVP he's done
nothing wrong but he gets hate right Oh
Steph this step that why because he got
bigger when Steph was an average starter
playing whatever next to Monta Ellis and
he was going to all those injuries and
the Warriors were winning
nobody gave oh you know Steph Curry yeah
he's okay now that Steph got
and he's bigger and he's done nothing
wrong except grow a family with an NBA
championship and win MVP he gets hate
that's just proof that when you're small
nobody gives a shit about you
when you're big even if you do nothing
wrong you're gonna get hazed so that's
how I feel about the hey do fans still
come to your house also I love you so
much
and could you follow me please from
Stacie yes fans still come to our home
and the good thing about that is they're
not as food after me and my brother kind
of made that video or made our tweets
they're not as rude they won't be
banging on the gate they will be
throwing rocks out our window they're
not banging and screaming and stuff it
doesn't bother us still that they show
up yes but at least now it's more of a
respectable manner so we don't have a
problem with that like I said it's
always been this it always will be this
if we're not busy and we're outside we
will stop and take pictures and talk and
have lunch and freakin have fun but if
we're busy it's just a whole other story
and here there was a second question
attached to this to this how does it
feel that people know your address
it's just unsafe you see the world it's
it's a lot of things going on and it's
just not safe anymore for people
especially when I'm not trying to be
cocky but you have someone like myself
with almost a million son my brother was
almost 3,000,000 selves you have a big
following there's haters and you never
know what people could do I just don't
feel it's right for a family look such
as me my mom dad Brian and the fat-ass
paid Bosley to feel no protection or to
not feel safe in their own home I just
don't think that's right that's all it
is when we ask people not to show it's
just a safety like it's a safety issue
um next question when you started
YouTube did you expect to get this far
if I could repeat myself a million times
on this I would no no way in hell like I
said I didn't start YouTube because of
my brother I didn't do anything with
YouTube because I saw how big my brother
got I started YouTube just because I
would write sports I was going to school
to talk sports and I figured on YouTube
I could make some videos maybe get a few
two or three comments on my videos to
where people could talk to me about
sports we can debate sports because I
love doing that
like I said even though I knew my
brother had a large following I never
made any vlogs I never asked a first
shout-out I did not expect anything like
this and even when I started YouTube
like when I started actually blogging
rather than just time out no I did not
expect it which is why I think I will
never take this for granted you know
some people they start YouTube with the
mind self I'm gonna get big I'm gonna
get famous
that's okay you got a dream--big so that
if they don't get big they disappointed
if they do get big it's like oh well
there's my expectation anybody so I'm
not that hype especially if you had a
brother like me I knew my brother was
big on YouTube so I could've easily been
like oh well let me just make a channel
and get big no I stayed humble and in my
head I'm never gonna I thought to myself
I would never get big um let me just
make videos for fun it'll take me where
it takes me if it takes me far it takes
me far if not oh well just keep doing my
MBA show so I think that's why I never
take it for granted because I never
expected it and I appreciate every
single second of it I appreciate every
single one of you guys it's just amazing
so no I didn't expect to get this far
the best thing about having a YouTube
channel is all of you guys when I'm down
because I go through things to just cuz
I'm a youtuber does not mean I don't
have a normal life sometimes I wake up
and I'm just not feeling it sometimes I
try to go to sleep and there's a lot on
my mind so I can't sleep sometimes I get
in arguments with people that I love and
care for and we don't put that on camera
the best thing about having all of you
guys is you guys support me through
thick and thin like not a lot of people
have that luxury when someone's going
through something some people don't have
any friends some people don't have
anyone who's there for them for me if
I'm going through something you guys are
all there for me which is amazing and I
never take that for granted like if I
just tweet that I'm feeling down I get a
lot of people oh are you okay and how
are you feeling and that honestly brings
somebody up which is why I wish I wish
somehow that everybody out there who's
feeling down or feeling depressed I wish
I could help but that's just not
possible there's billions of people in
this world millions of them feeling down
and depressed on a daily basis I wish
with my own power I could speak to them
and talk to them but I just can't and I
think that's the best thing about having
a youtube channel to support from all of
you guys
did you ever play basketball in your
freshman sophomore or junior year of
high school here's the funny thing I
actually knew all the coaches they would
ask me to play because I love basketball
you know what I would say I would say a
coach what time are the high school
basketball games he'd be like at night
and I'd be like oh you know what else
goes on at night man Phoenix Suns games
so no I can't play I'm sorry coach I
turned down freshman sophomore junior
and senior year all freshman JV and
varsity I never played a single game in
high school because I didn't want to
miss any son's games okay this question
have you ever gone into a fight in a
basketball game a fight like a fistfight
maybe once or twice but if you're
talking like a fucking trash talk fie
and a little shove then this question
should be have you ever not gotten into
a fight out of us like that's I'm gonna
admit I'm a trash talker on the court I
just I don't know why some people are
trash on the court so I get in people's
heads so yes I've gotten a couple
fistfights not a lot and it's been a
long time but literally every time I
play basketball I get into like whatever
it is so yes I have um if you and Jackie
would not date would you date a fan no I
would not and here's why it's just if
you date a fan so pretty much I'm an
unexplained fan as someone who didn't
know who you were but knows that you're
big on YouTube so that's how they know
you and then you start dating it's just
in the back of your head you're always
gonna assume oh she only with me because
of this is she only would because of
that does she really like that and even
if that's not the case because I some
fans yeah you could catch feelings for a
youtuber but it's just like in the back
of that person's head for example my
head if I didn't date Jackie it's just
always gonna be well what if she only
likes me for that so no I wouldn't date
a fan why do you have two TVs in your
room this question from simply pops well
this TV is for basketball aka the
Phoenix Suns this TV used to be when I
would sit like this and watch a son's
game while playing video games yes I
used to play more
morphic - when I was younger I had a ps3
I still do I have the same one but I
don't have any video games I don't play
any more video games but yes that's what
I had two TVs for nobody knows and
that's why I never used this one because
it was just for video games so be honest
if you had a son what would you name him
and the same thing with a daughter I
would name my son
Booker probably named my daughter blood
so we don't really go over this with
Jackie because she gets mad when I say
that oh it says be honest oh yeah that
was a joke if we're being honest I'll
probably named my son Bledsoe and my
daughter Booker so yeah we're being
honest why do you have so many clothes
the only way or two of the same exact
shirts and sweater first of all I'm just
joking cuz that's true I've literally
always been a white t-shirt with
basketball shorts it's just to me it's
about being comfy like unless I'm going
out somewhere big I don't feel the need
to dress up especially like I didn't
have a girlfriend who welcomed you for
who I am
and she probably hates me on the deep
down she's probably a fan that's why she
dated me anyways I'm just joking me and
Jackie were dating before I had YouTube
but I just it's comforting to me like I
don't feel the need to dress up and show
out I just do what's comfy and that's
why are you planning on doing a tour
around the u.s. and what are you
planning on doing a meet-and-greet okay
so the tour this one I for sure I would
love to do a tour I would love to I feel
like I could do skits make people laugh
and just talk like speak motivationally
but I just don't think people look up to
me on such a level for me to do a tour I
don't know I could be wrong but I just
don't see myself as that high up to do a
tour I don't know when are you planning
on doing a me angry I'd love to do a
meet-and-greet like I said but kind of
the same concept I don't think people
maybe I'm like under estimating myself
or maybe I'm being too harsh on myself
up I don't feel like that many people
would show up like I don't feel like
people I don't know guys so I'd love to
do a meet angry and I'm even more loved
to do a tour but even something I smell
to me angry I'd love to go out and spend
one of my days out in the booth and
people come up and just take pictures
and talk I'd love for that and I'd love
to do it for hours and hours all day but
I just don't feel like that many people
would show up like I said maybe I'm
being too harsh on myself some people
would show up
I hope I would love to do that um when
did you notice Jackie was a keeper
honestly when there's a girl you could
like just for looks or for her you know
I'm joking no I'm not joking there's a
girl you could like just for that but
then there's a girl who it's just like
it's when she shows you like
unconditional love like no matter what
you do they still love you no matter
what an unconditional support no matter
what you do even if they don't agree
with it for example Jackie even if she
doesn't agree with it she'll still
support me because it's my decision and
that's what she's there for and like
once they start you know they start
canceling things out of their life to be
more like you know Jackie I don't need
to go out with friends anymore like I
I'm content with you like once they
start like just showing you it's more
than just looks it's more than just oh
hey I like you it's just like
unconditional love like they show you
love no matter what they support you
through thick and thin even if they
don't agree with you and that's that how
does it feel to have the best one on
YouTube by your side before wasp ah it
feels amazing that's yeah I'm only bit
short and simple it feels amazing and it
feels great how does it feel to know
making videos and going out of your way
to upload daily actually changed some
people's lives in a big way I love it I
love it I love it you guys have changed
my life in a good way so I want to do my
best to try and change all of you guys
lives in a good way and if I can't
accomplish that goal then I'm not
successful would you pick Eric let's
write the best man or rug when you marry
Jackie I mean I'll be forced to pick
eric bledsoe because my brother doesn't
leave the fucking house well unless I'm
getting married in a haunted tunnel then
I guess he would come through but other
than that I don't you would show up to
my wedding what is your goal in life
other than YouTube man my goal is just
to be happy like being happy is the
ultimate goal that should be the
ultimate goal for everybody what no
matter what you do no matter what you
have no matter who you're with if you're
not happy there's no point same thing no
matter what you do who you're weighing
or what you have if you are happy that's
all that matters what's the point of
having money what's the point of having
fame what's the point of going out of
your way in doing things if you're not
happy about it just do what makes you
happy if something isn't making
happy then I think honestly in my
opinion that's the ultimate goal in life
be happy that's it
last question oh wait yeah last question
when will you and Jackie have your own
babies you guys um know like if you've
been watching my videos recently I
promised a special surprise for 1
million subscribers like I told you guys
old I got a surprise for you guys for 1
million subscribers what was the
question right now why don't you and
Jackie have your own babies
well no I'm just joking I'm just joking
actually I hope I'm joking I'm actually
surprised you we don't have a baby yet
but no there's no babies I don't know
when you plan on it I don't know if we
plan on it yet but um no there's no
babies for right now anyways for one
spot I hope you guys enjoyed this video
I can't believe I wasn't an elbow today
I had ton of fun answering the questions
from you guys on Twitter holy shit this
we actually came out to me so long I
didn't even notice
I talked so fucking much cuz I'm a
camera whore but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'm about to go take my
beautiful girlfriend out for breakfast
so what's today Saturday I hope you got
a weekend I hope you guys enjoy the
Saturday as much as I do but watch blog
much love remember always to stay humble
be happy and remember you could go out
of your way to be mean you could go out
of your way to be cocky and all that but
staying humble it's free it doesn't take
any effort guys much love I love you
guys all
