got this can I do order for pickup
uh can I do one small chicken noodle
soup and one order of the p4 and four
can we get extra well-done steak on the
side that's it okay thank you guys
thankful for my mom
I'm dying she's going to go get me soup
and but you're also getting it for
yourself I'm just joking I have to shout
out my girlfriend and my mom because
they've been taking care of me while
I've been sick while my dad has been at
least my dad asks me if I'm okay
oh well he can't check on no he he
doesn't but I just say that in the vlog
so so my dad doesn't get hate my dad
doesn't get hate cuz he's literally
Andrew Bogut drew Bogut NBA players so
he doesn't need hey no Andrew Bogut this
cover clearly looks like bounce and I
said I wish hey no fighting I'm sick
okay thanks mom okay
you brought me soup mama actually
there's the worst I've been in years I
swear
Oh God Oh mom yeah this is for sure the
worst I've been in years I don't know
how many more times I could say that but
mom this is a good thing about my
sicknesses they hit me really hard and
they go away fast I am
so like I know some people who get sick
and it's not too bad they get sick
lightly but it lasts like two weeks or I
know some people like myself who they
get hit with the sickness hard but it
only lasts like three or four days it's
like my second day so honestly I'd
rather have that I'll take the pain and
punishment for like two or three days
guys if you guys have been with me for
like I don't know when I did my first
vlog when I went to
go get some fun called but uh I
literally hated it like I thought it
tasted really bad and I don't know what
made me try to get Jackie of course
because when you have a girlfriend they
literally force you to do anything and
you have to okay fine you have to listen
uh and now I swear it grew on me I think
it's one of those things where when you
first try it you don't like it and after
a while it just grows on you
what are you taking that out for Bosley
yeah you have to save some for Bosley
all right name okay guys although I'm a
big fan of fun now there's still some
things I don't touch such as this
because my belief is that it's literally
octopus and this because it's just it's
straight-up fat like I could if I eat
them I imagine on top of all the fast
food I already eat my arteries would
actually clog and I want to wake up
fight that piece of fat but this looks
delicious right now so puzzle you want a
piece of the fun like you want a piece
of the sink stand up okay hold on wait
wait
Bosley stand up stand up up come here
okay give me fun hey sit sit okay and
give me a kiss Bosley did you give me a
kiss mmm come up one more kiss come up
get up okay and a kissy Oh Bosley your
breath is breath okay Bobby you have to
give me a kiss on camera and then okay
Bobby
here you wanna get up oh okay hold on
okay on say
between your boys above what circle I
know it's too cold but okay hear that my
mom said you look nothing like klay
Thompson got a suit like yeah I think
the nose the nose it looks like klay
Thompson no my dad looks like Peja if
you guys remember if you're an older
basketball fan pages or Jankovic
hey hey Jeff yeah he does whoo I'll be
right back okay okay yeah okay okay I
don't think my dad has a page of Jersey
but okay fine I'll wait for right dad
should I leave the camera rolling yeah
oh god yes Bob this is all the old
recipe for my canker sores right here
yeah like along my lips salt and warm
water mom you put extra salt yeah just
cuz I asked for extra steak in my soup
okay extra booty on Jack okay this is so
nasty I just did a I did a gargles do
another mmm hey man up man up
first of all Birds thought okay that it
burns yeah
Bernina working nice work wait mom guys
my dad's not responding wait call him
again
Ron should we get the camera rolling I
don't know what happened to my dad
oh he's in the damn bathroom okay Bosley
are you ready - oh my god I sound like a
grandpa
okay balls are you ready to see Ron he
said he's ready okay but what you mean
gregg popovich okay dad we're ready pop
a bitch on your the net oh my god where
did that come from
it feels right
wait mom where did that come from
okay but where did this this is iman
shumpert not paisa
Bodley who's that dad go closer to
Bosley that's LeBron when LeBron had the
mustache face
buzzer who's that hey guys Bryan's going
off into the haunted tunnel I wanted to
go with him I don't know why him and
Anthony were like acting weird about
when I asked them so Brian told me to
just go with him another time I don't
know why but I guess so yeah guys before
you attack me for not going into the
tunnel because I know everybody want me
to go into the tunnel everyone was
literally spamming my Twitter and
YouTube commented go in the tunnel
withdrawal go in the tunnel drug I
approached them and just acting weird
about wanting me to go so I was just
like okay and he was like okay well you
could they were like well you can come
next time at first I was like I'm not
gonna go then I saw all the people who
wanted me to go everybody was sparing my
Twitter and YouTube comments would go to
the tunnel so I wanted to go and then
I've no idea why I didn't ask for an
explanation why but
okay guys um can't tell still feeling
like shit I didn't care guys
the biggest problem my lip is fucking
busted look at this look what the fuck
dude like like look what I try to smile
it literally covers half my tooth but
look you could even see when I talk
that's insane because it started out
like a really small sore it's probably
herpes from Jackie but now I'm just
joking well I'm not joking now I'm just
joking it started out like a really
small canker sore and I kept biting it
like this like that and then it got
fucking huge when I woke up but anyways
I'm like halfway editing I'm halfway
done editing and I'm just like I haven't
been to a gym in so long I don't care if
I feel like shit I need to go like this
is my worst sickness in years but I miss
the gym wait hold on I'm actually the
mood I don't know why I want to listen
to this song wait I just woke up and I
haven't heard it a long time so I want
to listen to it hopefully they have on
Apple music let's see wait please yes
they have it I used to love this song
guys holy shit look at the new dj khaled
album actually if you're Middle Eastern
you know - DJ Khalid it's not DJ Khaled
but that's just how people say it's DJ
Khaled's almost say that look his new
album major key look each featured every
single motherfucking artist on earth
like I don't even rap and I'm surprised
he didn't invite me to get on this album
like jay-z future Bryson tiller Drake
nas Big Sean Kendrick J Cole fucking
Nicki Minaj Chris Brown August Alsina
French Montana Yo Gotti Rick Ross OH
Gooch 2 Chainz this is look fabulous Fat
Joe Busta Rhymes Weezy
oh my god and later this album is fuckin
anyway guys I'm gonna go say Jim as my
mom's gonna kill me because she knows
this is the sickest I've been in here
mom
hey Boswell buzzer I'm gonna go to the
gym okay okay guys let's go tom
okay Bosley okay okay okay let's go tell
my mom yeah like I got my tattoo so I
didn't go to gym for a little while
because I didn't want to sweat on it I
didn't want anyone to slap the walls
playing that's why I scratch it and now
that my tattoos healed of course I come
down with this sickness but now I'm into
gym in nine days and I've had enough I
need to go I didn't even finish anything
mom I'm going to the gym no I have to
have it in so long
thanks I'm just gonna eat the my
favorite snack you know what it is no
it's no power no it's called something
else dick dick Maura same thing
banana big cock same thing so yeah guys
I need to go put some socks on and uh
I'm gonna go to the gym fuck
Oh guys look hold on really quick before
I go possibly what why are you so
shocked yes I'm going to the gym and I'm
sick big deal guys look what someone
made me I left outside our door it
actually look this is so cool so it's a
piggy bank
made like they made it themselves it
says sun's on top where you put the coin
number one for devin booker number 2 if
eric bledsoe
painted first of all i would never be
able to make this my life and it's
orange and purple for the suns shout out
to hear to love to note
shout out to where does it say your name
Stephens
shout out to Stephen and he said we
didn't want to be rude by knocking out
the gay at 9 a.m. so we just dropped it
off thank you for being respectful dude
this is awesome Stephen I'm definitely
gonna put all my change in here look
this is so tired
Thank You Stephen I appreciate it and it
came out really nice I don't know if you
made this yourself or if you bought it
but no this came out really nice in it
appreciate guys I'm just like the
symptoms of this sickness sore throat
runny nose stuffy nose cough headache
sound like you're going through puberty
again fucking what
that is herpes the sickness came with a
lot of symptoms but and and you just got
to go to the gym okay and then the no no
whoops forgot my phone
guys you know the song didn't in mmm oh
you like your paw Paw's I don't like
your paw don't ok I can't find my
basketball shoes yet you gotta know this
huh and in in in in in in okay guys I'm
head out to the gym right now
where this one I'm like basketball shoes
I can't find those okay I can't find my
basketball shoes of course
a mailman saw me
okay guys just got back from the gym
terrible idea
terrible terrible idea all I'm going to
say to all my subscribers listen to your
mom I don't care I don't care if you're
young my age older than me it doesn't
matter listen to your mom's because they
know best I don't know what I was
thinking I did I haven't been to gym in
a while what made me think today the day
I literally feel like shays the day to
go but anyway I was listening to DJ
Khaled's album and it's actually good I
only heard a few songs but honestly it's
it's fucking I'm telling you there's a
million literally a million rappers like
this it's he knows what he's doing he
knows how to sell he knows how to make
money so you can't fault him for that
anyways guys I'm gonna close out this
vlog right now probably go check for
some STDs no I'm just joking I'm fucking
joking about that but the shit hurts
like it burns you're just bleeding up
and spitting out all day uh I just look
what the fuck is this oh well but um
yeah guys this is my second upload of
the day I double uploaded yesterday so
literally the last two days I hate you
could hate me as a person you're gonna
hate the content that I bring out you
could hate me because I'm a sons fan you
could hate me for fucking going to
college you could hate me for whatever
you want but do not knock my work ethic
I don't care these past two days I've
been the sickest I've been in years like
I said ever since high school I haven't
been this sick it's probably been four
or five years ever since I've been this
sick I feel like shit past two days I've
double uploaded for uploads in the last
two days the day before that I uploaded
four videos
two on my MBA channel two are my main
two that's eight videos last three or
four days all while I feel like shit so
you could hate me as a person for
whatever reason you could tell me my
vlogs are shit you could hate me for
dating Jackie I don't care but don't
knock my work ethic because I truly do
work hard and I take this stuff
seriously
it just it hurts me when people knock my
work and
think because it's just like I don't
know I take pride in in what I do
because I know a lot of youtubers who
don't they don't they don't try and like
imagine if you have a job and you know
you go to work and you're you know like
whether you work your ass off whether
you put 100% effort into your job or
whether you go in there and kind of
half-ass your job and you know use your
phone and take secret breaks in the
break room you're still gonna get paid
the same you're still gonna be working
those out you're still gonna get paid so
you know like you go into work what's
your motivation for working super hard
or if you go in there and just half-ass
it you're still going to get paid the
same so it's easy for a lot of bigger
youtubers who they already have a fan
base they already know whether their
content is good or not they're going to
get fused regardless so it's easy for us
youtubers to just like relax and take it
easy oh I don't need to put that much
work so I'm gonna get views anyways I
hate that I don't care how big I get
it's the most important thing to me is
putting in the work trying to get better
just you know putting out the best
content you just can't get content like
don't think oh just cuz I already have
almost a million subs and I'm already
getting hundreds of thousand views I
don't have to try no like you always
strive to get better so I just like I
take it personally when people not my
work ethic I just because it is easy
like I know a lot of people think when
you have a big fan base and you're
already getting a lot of views it's easy
to take it lightly and say oh I don't
even need to try anymore like I already
have it good like it's easy to fall into
that and that's what you're gonna stay
away from no just no I don't know if you
guys get where I'm going with this but
like I work hard you could like I said
you could fucking hate me for any reason
you want you could dislike me you could
dislike my videos but I take pride in I
lose sleep I lose gym time sometimes I I
spend time editing videos rather than
doing my own homework which is not smart
but I do it so I mean you could hate on
me for whatever you want but if you're
hating on my work ethic and and like the
work that I put into this YouTube
channel that's just where it's just
wrong it's it's false that's what it is
but oh I got stopped eating asked all
this damn show my lips they need to
double upload today I didn't need to
double up for yesterday
do this for you guys and I know a lot of
you guys are like Oh take a break you're
sick we understand you don't need to
make a vlog today but like I said before
I just think about it as there's some
people out there who are having a really
bad day and having a terrible day
whether they've been bullied whether
they've gone to argument with somebody
they care about just whatever reason
people are having bad days and people
tell me all the time that oh when I
watch your videos they make my day
better or you know you make me laugh and
that cheers me up so if people are
relying on me I'm gonna give the people
what they're relying on before so I
don't take days off I do not take days
off but anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
excuse me for what's boring for you guys
and I apologize because I am sick so
it's kind of hard to bring out good
content but I want to get something for
you guys
hopefully my lip fucking this goes down
the swelling goes down I'm gonna ice it
nonetheless I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and brats walk much love well do
not okay
don't catch that case I want you to
dodge it and block it because if you
guys get this kiss with this on my lip
you'll probably catch something like
this - so just dodge that case I just
gave you guys oh you better talk faster
okay guys I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
oh and like I said don't forget it I
promise for 1 mil I'm doing a big
giveaway for well now I'm not gonna say
what it is but once I had one now I'm
doing a giveaway I'm also doing a follow
spree on Twitter and last but not least
I promised you guys a surprise and I
know you guys are gonna love it and I'm
not gonna spoil it the surprise comes
out when I hit 1 mil so I'm now going to
spoil it but just know that there's a
surprise waiting for you guys when I hit
1 mil you were right I should have went
to the gym I know but it's no but it was
too fun I played three games of
basketball but I almost died it was
literally Michael Jordan flu game and
now it's Michael Jordan flu edit game at
least I left I left early yeah two hours
yeah thanks mom feel better they have to
get ready for the million I know Mom I
can't even talk about it cuz I get too
emotional so I just have to wait till it
happens yeah
the same way I get nervous I know
okay guys before oh my god I look so
ugly like a damn pie it looks like I'm
missing a tooth
look how am I supposed to smile if I
meet a fan look oh my god now my lot
okay hold on guys so let me just say
this before any of you guys assume that
I actually have herpes or I actually
have an STD or I actually got this from
eating ass okay let's not move that out
on this joking but I'm not sure I don't
know but anyways it is not it's just a
canker sore I used to get them all the
time it's just from when you bite your
lips too much I used to get them right
here cuz I would always go like this I'd
always go like that you know the sexy
I'm just kinda used to do it like that I
would just like find my lip when I play
basketball stuff I would always get it
right here or if you have braces you
know what I'm talking about because it
always happens around here I got this
from biting my lip it started out really
small my dumb ass kept biting it at
night so it turned into it look they
even have have regular medicine for it
just like you just get at CVS or
anything look let's put some medicine I
know Ambus all it's called and the
asshole look guys I can actually touch
my lip to my nose yeah guys it is not
it's just a canker sore I'm sure
everybody has heard of that I'm sure
everybody has gotten one especially if
you have braces before any because I
know you guys like to make me look the
worst I know you guys like to assume the
words it's not from eating as is not
damn her Peter at least I hope it's not
that's what I'm hoping but now I'm just
joking guys anyways I hope you enjoyed
this video and much love robot squad I
love you guys all so much
