good morning everybody 10:00 in the
morning right now I am back at the gym
hey Dennis you ready to play some
basketball again Dennis would you go oh
that's right
Danny's woke up he said his body was too
sore from all the basketball we played
yesterday your master ball first-ever
dunk baby
hey let's middle Easterns we need a
ladder to dunk both where's all these
waitress farewell tour you know guys the
hoop is getting fixed right now because
someone decided to dump too hard it
looks like we're in a classroom we're
all in trouble just sitting waiting for
the hoop to be fixed he's here he's here
he's here
bro I'm surprising everyone's not bowing
down and kissing your feet didn't sore
it's really emotional
I don't want to talk about this right
now I'm gonna cry later on LA Fitness
legend all emojis Dada
is hanging up his boots today it's
really emotional because I had so many
memories here I'm gonna get into that
later on we're doing my speech but for
right now let's play one last time and
one last year all before I hang it up oh
no bro oh no for every day for the past
four or five years everyday memories
countless arguments hey Olli let's hope
we could even get a game in it might not
be fixed all these farewell tour ruined
give me a brand I've gone into some time
oh baby the other day does the other day
on the bad book or a different word like
Oh said else I would call her best
friends oh we're enemies with anybody on
the court so your last day here farewell
tour where Denny said where his body was
too tired
Dennis honestly I'm done with you didn't
call my last I won't do that I know
watch I made it play five hours with
Dennis that's a lot it's like a
playground right now bro for all these
last days we're going to Korean barbecue
you're eating me bro you're eating me no
more vegan for Holly no vegan today bro
I'm just looking at all the barbecue
chicken all the years that I've
destroyed every single one of these
human beings
thirty thousand point here yeah but the
thing that makes me mad is now that I'm
not here none of these guys have any
fear
everyone's gonna leave here with a smile
on their face and that's what's pissed
me off the most the wait everybody's
playing right now shows that lets have
basketballs done okay we're Mel with
another miss layup
and you know everybody bets alright huh
you can be back and nobody has
confidence I would keep this job I got a
quick piece I'm gonna be back I'm
playing with a lot of anger and passion
today I'm gonna let these kids play with
one last smile on their face oh my god
for MELAS killing it right now
that's the farewell tour I have a speech
at the end hey Coby dropped sixty his
last day
let's see Paulie could put on the show
like Kobe hey Olli that's what you
brought us here for last day come on
baby if you wanna lead a play go just
get it mad lunch
if only the brats thought knew how many
of these people you cussed out before
all he wants that - he got that - hey
watch all he's getting the ball and he's
pulling up from half-court
all these getting the bun he's pulling
up from half-square how much you wanna
bet right now I'll bet my life
earnings I'll bet my library close
enough a couple of steps in hey who's
followed that you guys lost he said it
was both enough I really read these kids
live
different after the game
hey this is messed up oh I'll he's about
to do a speech after and look
everybody's gone everyone's leaving he's
getting ready to leave
he's leaving he's leaving not only am i
youtuber but I bring people closer to
each other so Massey I want you to
apologize and Amir I want you to
apologize bow we love you only you won't
be forgotten hey we should hang all
these jerseys somewhere hey Derek don't
scores all these last game he can't lose
his last game don't do it don't do it
Martin no Susan no no oh no Derek no no
his last game hey Kobe didn't lose his
last game
hey you know how to show for I leave
last day gotta sign his speech Oh war
said you right here both right here you
got to go in the middle of the car are
you crazy
oh look at everyone leaving they're not
gonna stay for the speech we got D wait
Dewayne wants to give his speech before
I'll leave book was going on I hear 34
years old had to show you how do you for
all these farewell how many people in
the gym has a lead cuts out its speech
time this is your own cousin
they're leaving before the speech oh I
forgot school is more important than
Olli yeah you're right
watch it's been a long run here at a
fitness what I'm going to remember most
is the
test out the people that have been
abusing
I'm really gonna make
looking at opponents eyes and now they
have no change to face the face to face
but biggest thing I miss is the people
in the weight room and treadmills when
they can be yelling they come to watch
we get it you're gonna miss the cutting
and arguing what about your boys the
team environment all my boys singing
every single day
instead of mr. freedom of living
complain
hey so when you quit your new job in a
couple weeks you'll be back right any
last words for me in two weeks are you
gonna miss all the weights you never
touched honestly face fillet no no you
don't have any explaining to do to me
it's all li that you're going to all the
video but were you there in person oh
it's like hey imagine this you had
tickets to Kobe's final game and you
didn't go that's what it was like oh man
it's just like if I were you I'll go buy
some flowers and chocolates and go show
it to all these house it's good well
that's the least you could do probably
get down on your knees
I've for stanitsa get in the car because
I'm taking him to all these so you can
apologize
we didn't have time to get the troll
please let's just go bad no I know
you're scared but you need to be
punished for your actions
I mean it's okay we weren't able to have
the flowers or chocolates but I think
they heartfelt apology explaining
exactly why you weren't there I think
that should we find all these very
forgiving UNESCO
what is he he's gonna get mad I hate you
are you nervous oh my gosh he's here
he's here
damn I told you to forgive you see yes
we go out to eat he wakes up in a second
but when we try playing basketball he's
a no-show so we come to a place you know
they could steak chicken shrimp
everything right here in front of you
he's been looking at the menu for two
hours trying to find a good vegan option
yeah my get vegetable fried rice home
with York steak and it's like j-just
send a bill bad boy cake and chicken you
got both it's a peer pressure boat
didn't your parents teach you better
don't fall into peer pressure both
manjae's one of us now bro
yo guys I didn't get a chance to finish
my video at home so now I got to do
right now and you think the grills gonna
burn my life
Oh broken heart for all these last days
the veggies are on the grill this is
your dream Bo hey J is like a little
hamster huh
he loves vegetables and carrots and
cucumber and celery is strong he's a
really strong man so yea that plays
basketball his dream his nightmare
I can't believe he disses I think I'm
gonna put my two weeks in soon I haven't
really thought about it I'm gonna watch
you eat medicine as soon as I start so I
get like my first two weeks paycheck and
then I'm done wait J did you throw your
me under the table listen me guys I'm
here at BMW surveys wait minutes what if
I hit the walls bro my car's decent
don't go through the ceiling Marthe wide
both so my car meets surveys oil change
you know all that good stuff and also
something happened to my USB ports oh ok
guys so it turns out they actually don't
have any loaner cars available I've got
to get it checked out there's a it's a
beautiful car it's like my baby and I
want it to mess up so what are you doing
saying goodbye we just got word that it
might not be ready tonight
honestly this color is so sexy it's the
i8 just like mine but it's like pink
chocolate that's all yours looks was
clean so like once a year violence like
that nah nah but I was talking to one of
the workers at the end of this year a
BMW i8 convertible is supposed to come
out that would be so sexy yes we're like
if that happens I would probably end up
trading my car in to get the convertible
and I like it because it's actually like
the glasses there someone didn't break
it yet so I'm honestly guys I'm telling
you right now remember this video if
that convertible does come out I think
I'll trade my car and get the
convertible one hey this is a good angle
we get everybody behind me they had the
idea that I was taking with my milk
they probably thought I was doing like a
sad photo shoot on my car geodes on a
hundred percent all these people thought
me and Dennis did a photo shoot in the
middle of BMW service room
why didn't get my scenes getting at your
pics sitting in the office and the guy
put in the information of the car it
turns out that my car has a recall
there's no way I'm getting it back
tonight and there's no way I'm getting
it back tomorrow it could be a couple of
days so right now they're trying to give
me a rental car did I said he had no
idea that there was a recall on it they
never called me and told me they just
found out right now hopefully they have
a rental car if not we're gonna be over
in for the next couple days
uber well that's crazy imagine I was
driving my car
it was a recall a shout-out to our guy
he ended up getting us a rental car oh
we can't sink ooh but everyday oh wait
we almost forgot one special thing what
do you think I'm taking out the
basketball no no leave the ball leave
the ball how do we know you're gonna get
run over again ficus it's time today
hey at least if you do get one over what
a BMW dealership so the car would be
nice now you'd get run over by so you're
not all choo-choo-choo eighty let me
send for your car real fast
hey I'm not running over no guys but you
gotta bring the basketball you can't
leave this in here well I'll leave my
credit card in here I'll leave my gold
chain my bracelet but I'm not hey
hopefully this is my rental car
good thing I'm skinny so I could fit or
- Shh
well you can say that - you've been
losing weight that's why I swear you
lost four things you don't wait anything
all filling the bank was in the trunk
unless they give us this ring so I don't
even think that way yeah I think I'd be
good to do it but not me Oh Fozzie
wouldn't say in any of them hey they're
putting me in a 5 Series I'm Ty getting
my car back this is actually so nice I
told Dennis I'm a little body for this
big car I'm a small body my I ate
literally half this side I'm actually
liking this car bro it's so much more
spacious than you there's back seats you
know what I'm surprised I haven't had a
car with back seats and so long you
finally don't have to be squishing and
hitting your head on the top I'm just
joking guys I love my ie
so much but there's a cool rental oh
they got Beatles Channel Elvis do they
have Drake Drizzy I know for the first
time in a while I got a call without
hitting my head on the top hey we need
God's plan they didn't tell me exactly
how long it's gonna take to fix my car
they said they'll give me a call on
Monday to evaluate you know how long
it's gonna take and so it could be gone
for the weekend it could be gone for a
whole week it could be gone for more I
don't know it depends on how the whole
recall thing goes that's crazy so I said
goodbye to my car and hopefully I see it
soon we'll see I just want to say thank
you so much for 900,000 instagram
followers and i'm only 100,000 followers
away from one
million Instagram followers that's crazy
I'm still not verified but hey bloggers
on the subject if you guys want to add
me my name is simply just robotics like
my youtube name so follow me on snapchat
for funny snapchats like this one so if
you're wondering why I did that like yo
brain and what kind of drug you have to
be on to jump up and hit your head on
the exercise hey that's what happens
when my boy Dennis goes yo Brandon I bet
you can't hit that exit sign I'm like
Dennis here and touched it that was easy
he goes no with your head not with your
hand and I said you know what and don't
get me wrong I felt like I got a
concussion I laid on the floor for a
while and I thought I was gonna die
but Here I am today a lot and no
concussion so I'm happy with the head
but the guys again thank you so much for
watching today's video
all these farewell tour it was very very
sad hopefully he quits his job too so
you come back to play basketball if his
parents are watching this video forget I
haven't said that hopefully old and
keeps that job for a really really
really long time in the works out for
him hopefully I get my car back sooner
rather than later
I took it there just for a oil change it
was supposed to be there for a couple
hours and then we found out something
was wrong with my USB port so it was
supposed to be there for one day and
then when they play everything in the
system it turns out there's a recall on
the car and so they have no idea how
long it's gonna take
hopefully it doesn't take too long but
it's just crazy how I was driving in
little did I know nobody told me that
there was a freakin recall on the car
and yeah that's about it for today's
video guys I love you guys all peace out
guys
I'm saying that it feels right
