I got this Bosley Bosley come on let me
aim guys fucking Bosley put me in the
garage fucking hot in here I'm just
joking but actually I'm not joking balls
it really put me in the garage anyway
told it let me put my camera down really
quick no I'm just joking I was already
in the garage had my camera and guys and
I just decided to start the vlog here so
first of all it feels so weird being in
the garage because I always threaten
Bosley to put him in here it literally
feels like I'm doing like something bad
just by being in the garage but anyways
yes it was about me in the garage I just
came back from my cut
I left the beard this is the first time
I got a cut by leaving the beard I kind
of got it lined up from the bottom I
know if you guys can tell here did you
guys see so I got like a skin taper I
left I kind of left the top I got a skin
taper faded into the sides and I left
the beard how much of try this but um
anyways yeah so I feel like shit I was
just I was laying in bed all day I
actually wasn't even going to get a
haircut appointment today but then I was
like you know what just down the street
that's how sick I was that's how sick
bruh wadis was actually not going to get
a haircut today he was going to skip it
in post pony that's how shitty I feel I
wasn't even going to blog today but then
I thought about it and I'm just like
today's a huge day today is a big hold
on the garage is really almost no time
today is a huge it's a mile so it's a
career day for me I know it's not the
day that I hit a million subscribers
this is something bigger than that okay
bullshit the ghost is gonna kill me I
need Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya
Ramirez to save me but anyways today's a
big big mouth so no tis not the day I
had a million subscribers today is
actually the day if you guys have met my
side chick if you guys know my side
chick Tammy so I figured you know I
already got my hair cut so why not just
go all out and I just want to go get my
eyebrows clean so the lady who does my
eyebrows actually is my side chick Tammy
so you're saying oh what's so special
about today what's what's the big deal
biggest thing is my girlfriend was on
her way here we had planned to just
chill in bed you know I'm sick but I
told her I said you know what babe like
I already got in here because I might as
well just just clean up my eyebrows a
little bit and so I'm taking my
girlfriend to meet my side chick for the
first time my something slipped out of
this now something if you have a
girlfriend or you're talking to a really
real you really like you don't want to
do this
just watch the clip okay just watch the
clip I'm honestly so handsome
now I know what Timmy I mean I Jackie
get ugly man that's all you were saying
last night okay if I'm saying mouth it
does it better yeah my girlfriend Jackie
aka jackass love of my life she's coming
with me to go meet my side chick Tammy
and I was not gonna vlog today but I
figured you're vlogging I can't I'm
saying I can't talk loud oh we're all
long so only bad things about having to
do and uploading oh this is mine for
tomorrow though yeah uploading at the
same time is the words you need to get
your own internet okay guys so I figured
today Oh Brian so silly but anyway guys
so I figured today it was vlog worthy
you're gonna have the wifey meeting the
you know chick who's kind of thrown on
the side so I'm nervous so nervous guys
excited though at the same time excited
nervous and excited and uh feel like
shit but yeah so we'll see how this goes
I'm expecting it to go smoothly I don't
know hopefully Tammy doesn't drop any
secrets um hopefully my girlfriend
doesn't get too feisty but uh yeah I've
been with Tammy going to Tammy for
actually longer than I've been dating
Jackie so if I had to pick Tammy
actually has the upper hand but uh we'll
see how this goes Jeff oh wait Jackie
just texted me let's see let's see
and she's here Jackie's here
okay the big day starting oh sure Oh
Jackie's right there so I parked in her
spot so she's right there let's go see
here let's go see she's excited if she's
nervous I still don't fully think she
understands the term side-chick Bosley
Jackie's gonna go meet Tammy Oh
oh you want to meet Jeremy too no but
you could see Jackie let's go Eddie okay
hold on Bobby let's go
be nice Bosley okay let's see where is
she oh she's in her car
look she's dressed up guys Jackie
dressed up because she's trying to
compete I told them you're meeting my
statue for the first time Tammy I
actually knew you were gonna say that
like I had a plan in mind are you
excited I told them Tammy's been with me
longer than you Jamie
Tammy's been here Bosley guys will be
leaving in like 30 minutes
guys she's trying to make me take a
picture with the flowers she got me but
can I get one - Tammy no fun why I'll
give her this one actually otherwise are
the thorns I want no no I'll take the
thorns off with my own fingers for Tammy
but I'd do that for you too on three
different roses good go I'll just give
her the whole vase Bosley do you want to
meet Tammy I can't believe you've
actually never met her
guys I never tell Jackie more I never
tell Jackie when I go see Tammy because
I always
see Jamie because I always
you don't have one no you don't know
no huh okay you can have a girl out of
here no it's not oh really
yeah so okay I'll see you I did a bikini
wax myself no fuck you guys it's 104 104
degrees we're on our way to go see Tammy
it's 104 degrees David actually feels
like 150 yeah
but anyways yeah I forgot the Roses
should I go back to get them or no go
back
okay guys so I need to go back to Bali
no I don't have time oh you poison okay
I'm not gonna do that to do it
but yeah guys I'm about to go I'm
actually scared of hurt smart fuckin wax
your eyebrows hurts so bad
what do you do you do pussy that's why
don't work sides were nice we know and
other thing is with what they do it you
can hear the things yeah and watch it
yeah I mother that one time but they
never do okay you'll do it do it Timmy
I'm scared scam
hey Tammy
yes oh this is my girlfriend she's never
been here before
oh yeah don't record my tongue
Tammy I'm so sick you yeah
thanks to some again making a handsome
ah yeah you owe me two thing I you see
fine back glad you got to me by
girlfriend I'll bring you with me more
often
okay thank you yeah thank you it was
really nice behind you thought you were
Middle East very good so what did you do
that
wait wait guys Jackie actually got
really mad at me when she met Tammy so
she went home she's not but I think she
broke up with me well let's forget that
I'm just cherry watches with my videos
mm-hmm so if the dam will cool you okay
well no I'm just joking Jackie you have
to go do something she just lets you
talk she's gonna come back in like an
hour or so so mama how do you sit next
to me this is all my mom here mm-hmm
what yeah guys I was actually gonna die
at Tammy because since I'm sick I didn't
want to be rude and and breat like I can
only breathe through my mouth I can't
breathe my nose is stuffed and clogged
so I didn't want to be rude so I just
tried to breathe through my nose and I
didn't want to let anything out of my
mouth so I didn't get her sick I gotta
take care of my side chick I can't get
her sick so I was like this and I was
actually gonna ha ha my side chick my
side chick she is my eyebrow lady but
gosh ow
so let me update you really quick on
this vlog uh in his 606 p.m. Jackie's on
her way back from her job it was a cheap
job called her and out to work but she
just had to clear something up at her
job she's on the way back in there's
heavy traffic so me being the good
boyfriend that I am since she's done
everything for me while I've been sick
from food to massage to happy ending to
uh I mean from all that no but I'm just
joking I'm not joking but uh so the
least I could do I told her okay babe
just come straight to my house I'll go
grab you food so I'm about to leave the
house and go get her food I said babe
what do you want guess what she said
fucking wants McDonald's who has a
choice of food I said babe what would
you like what do you want McDonald's who
has a choice and they choose McDonald's
I'm kind of feeling the beard look
because I've really never ever tried to
grow a beard but I've always known that
I could despite having this little baby
face actually only on the baby face I
literally have wrinkles from dating a
Lexington
Jackie I've so many fuckin wrinkles but
anyways I've never tried to grow a beard
and every time I tell people I'm like I
could grow a beard I just don't want to
they're like yeah right lose your baby
face bah bah bah all this this is only
been going in for six days so I know I
could grow a beard I just never tried
and now my first time trying it honestly
before I'm being honest I don't think it
looks too bad now that it's lined up but
it was all scruffy I'm like all over the
place I didn't like it but now that my
barber Tony shoutout
the only reason I kept going out was
because of you guys you guys even Jackie
didn't like it but you guys come first
just in case she got here but uh y'all
whispered you guys come first but
anyways uh yes I kept growing it out and
then now I got it lined up and I
actually like it now that he lined it up
I don't think it looks too bad so I
think I might leave the honestly because
I was going to uh I told Tony to line it
up and I was like if I don't like I'll
just go home and shave it so I was
planning to just see how it looks and a
couple of in Shaving but honestly I like
how it looks so now let's go grab some
these basel you want some mcdonald's are
gonna keep eating your food okay fine
keep eating your food okay so i'm about
to leave to mcdonalds to go get jackie
her damn heart failure meal and she
texts me saying babe I cut through the
traffic I don't know what that means or
what she did but she says that she's
getting it herself so I guess now we
just wait on Jackie to come back cuz I'm
so pissed that I lost the tripod the
stand for the camera because I was
actually blogging like this for a couple
of days or no only one day then it broke
and you guys actually like that vlogging
style other than this I was actually
flogging like this shoutout for wat
squad imma get a tripod or like another
stand for you guys so I don't know when
it should I'll try to get it this
weekend but dying get the nyquil I'm is
okay I'm not gonna drink that oh my god
will help with the nyquil
I think future came back and took his
nyquil back guys since I haven't been to
the gym in like a week cuz of my tattoo
and I have it like I wasn't I'm not
trying to stress it or lift on my new
tattoo my body is so I feel it's so weak
and so skinny so when I said goes
shirtless in front of Jackie I imagine
in her head she
literally see the fucking twig like I
don't know I can't find the Twitter on
the floor but I imagine that's all she
sees like imagine I was already a twig
when I was working out and even when I
go to a gym consistently I was already a
twig imagine now no gym for a week I
literally haven't been to the gym in a
week who the fuck am I guys I wasn't
thinking about hiding they're too scared
but I looked at her and she just looks
so mean right now so I didn't want to
risk it look like look look okay find
out well I just wanted to show you five
five five five fine just come okay well
what okay guys see what I mean so I
can't do that cuz this X is a funny show
ever
cops reloaded well it's not funny for
the people getting arrested but for
everybody watching that can I ask you a
question what did you think of Tammy um
she was very nice
is she cute yeah she's so cute did you
see me checking her away she turned
around to get the wax
yeah you should let the IRS shits fat
mi love to turn the camera off or am I
gonna die what are you gonna kill me
what I tell the camera no I don't care
about you guys she says in big trouble I
don't care about you what why why
no that's gotta be a lot of heavy yeah
thank you
okay I'll be okay if I told ahem okay
let's go to 9 hey hey you're the one who
said you have a sidechick to a real ones
you said he doesn't resilient watch oh
my god that's a lot we're really I'm not
real yeah okay how I give you a massage
and then you will be mad okay guys that
means yes I'm gonna do it right you
heard me last time
no no what don't touch me anymore
why I wanna I'm seriously by the low-cut
oh I'll turn okay okay guys I'm gonna go
now we're gonna make up yeah no no hey
listen are you okay
yeah stop you're making me sicker you're
making a sister real I don't want to go
you're the doser
oh yes I even know what to call you okay
guys looking Geico looking has a
nutritious yeah okay okay haha three two
one out don't call me Brandon and don't
call me bread I want it okay that's fun
it's bro odd is to know I'm reading and
water okay I'm out yeah it's not funny
anymore
one for voice is so annoying
yeah no actually yeah okay okay stop
stop I'm joking I'm actually going to
see my nails yeah I just shoved each of
one of them up your ass if you leave me
alone
yeah that's not familiar to you Oh as
well cuddle I like that no guys that
means yes okay just take the watch off
that'd be country
okay well that's domestic abuse by you
what cuz you push me away oh okay we'll
see when I come out Italy Ravens
okay okay okay fine just a backless my
same from yesterday it was my say you
know it was mine in mine but was it okay
Brandon okay just stay by and say you're
fine with me we're cool so you want me
to lie no yeah just actually be cool
yeah okay fine bye everyone
okay bye babes yeah yeah I'm leaving
with the camera you gonna kill me
you guys I told you we'd be fine a
massage a day keeps the anger management
Latino away
yeah you're happy now because of my
massage this is a massage
why not because this arrest is actually
taking place in San bernandino
which is Bosley's hometown shout out
Bosley born down in San bernandino Cali
that's where we picked him up from shout
out Bosley's hometown representing cops
father should be the one getting
arrested honestly okay guys so 11:00
p.m. I just took some nyquil so I'm
gonna knock out soon I just wanted to
apologize before ending this vlog
because I try to make all my blogs
positive I try to I try to make you guys
laugh have some jokes be funny just kind
of like a positive happy vibe and I want
to apologize just in case today was more
of a Down kind of not negative but just
kind of not that funny because I just
you guys could tell you guys know me I'm
not usually this down I don't usually
feel the sick but this sickness got me
bad but at the same time every time I
ever want to complain about my sickness
or every time I want to like in my head
think about how bad it is I just
remember there's people who have much
much worse than just a fucking flu or a
cold so I will ever complain I'm safe
Bubba but I'll get over it I don't care
I'm trying to go to sleep I don't think
I'm gonna edit my vlog tonight I'll edit
it tomorrow when I wake up guys even
look at my legs I don't even know what
happened look look what the fuck look
like this
like my lips honest I don't know do you
see right there it's like a sore
everything's gone wrong everything's
going on anyways I hope you guys still
enjoyed this video
just wanted to kind of take the outro to
apologize um just in case like I make
you guys laugh in my vlogs and that
probably happened I probably didn't work
it wasn't too happy today but
nonetheless I still hope you guys
enjoyed and let me know what you guys
thought in the comment section down
below
but watch Quogue much love remember road
to one mill so close so so close and I
get emotional every time I start to
think about it so I don't want to think
about it right before going to sleep
and always remember also just remember
just stay humble just remember it stay
humble it's not hard it doesn't take any
extra effort and it doesn't take any
work and it's free it's free it doesn't
cost any money just stay humble
