got this guy's hold on so I don't know
if you could tell by my voice but I'm
sick like there's there's no way around
I am sick yesterday if you watch my
videos it started with Oh guys I think
I'm getting sick I feel a little sore
throat well flip a day later and I'm I'm
done I got Mike let me just tell you
what I feel sore throat cough stuffy
nose runny nose headache even a tooth
ache like my whole body just feels sore
this is definitely the worst I've felt
in years like we all get sick I guess
sake I've been sick for I've been sick
once a while past couple months past
couple years but this is for sure the
worst one probably ever since high
school I don't know why yesterday when I
tweeted I was sick a lot of you guys
were saying that is because of my lack
of sleep sleep deprivation and honestly
I'm gonna have to side with you guys on
that one because although I didn't know
it could make you this bad I have you
guys know I barely get any sleep so I
need to start sleeping more and this
video is I'm kind of doing this intro
right now to kind of apologize because I
tried to vlog yesterday and it ended up
I mean it ended up being shitty it will
it was shitty it was a shitty vlog I
tried to vlog but I just couldn't go out
and do anything I couldn't I didn't
really have the energy to like do
anything but I figured there was
something that happened last night that
were worth uploading such as my
girlfriend came and surprised me with a
gift but anyways yeah this pretty much
an apology I apologize for I hope
because yesterday I uploaded four videos
for I uploaded two on my NBA channel and
two vlogs on my main channel so I hope
that kind of makes up for today because
I'm telling you guys today if honestly
if you want to exit out of this video
right now nobody's forcing you to stay
you don't have to watch it I understand
it's going to be a boring video but I
figured I did get some luck with it cuz
I tried to vlog through it I tried to
block of the day but I just
it so I didn't get some footage here
there from yesterday I figured you guys
love my vlog so I figured that would be
at least better than nothing but it but
it's not it's not the best okay so I'm
just warning you guys I'm also
apologizing so please I'm sorry for
today's content will not be good and I'm
also apologizing in advance because I
don't know if I could upload tomorrow
I'm not sure if there will be an upload
not because oh I'm too sick to edit I
don't care I can edit embed that's not
hard it's just that what I don't not
sure if I have the energy to go out and
do something to record but hey you guys
say all your doing your vlog to stay
home anyway so maybe I can put together
good vlog now I'm just joking I don't
know if first of all is this literally
mean on the shirt see you look twin day
the nose but anyways yeah so I'm
apologizing in advance for today I also
do not know if I can get a video up for
you guys tomorrow like I said it's not
because I can't edit because I'm sick
it's just that I don't know if I have
that and I'm gonna probably be in bed
all day I'm not going to gym or anything
so I'm not sure I'm not saying to for
sure no but maybe so I'm apologizing in
advance I'm sorry and I hope you guys to
understand we all get sick if this was a
regular sickness out of fought through
it this was this is fucking bad last
night you know the sickness is where you
just keep waking up in the middle of the
night and you're just like ah like that
anyways I do have some good news though
this video is not all bad on top of
getting a little bit of vlog footage for
you guys I got some big news okay I got
some big news that I'm not gonna release
today I'm gonna hint at it I'm gonna
hint at it if you guys want you could
just just listen so all I'm gonna say is
I got a surprise for you guys when I hit
1 million subscribers and we're creeping
up we are creeping up 60 thousand subs
away we just hit 940 thousands and I
figured like you guys are doing all this
for me I've gotta do something back for
you guys so just remember all I'm gonna
say about it now once I hit 1 million
subscribers you guys got a little
something coming for you and I think you
guys will be excited so just keep that
in mind
honestly I don't I don't want to get my
hopes up but maybe like in the
beginning of August maybe like the first
week of August I'm gonna be hitting them
I can't even if I think about hitting 1
million cells I'm a breakdown crying
right now I can't I do not want to cry
on camera unless it's when the sons lose
but I can't I can't even talk about it 1
million subs no we're gonna leave that I
can't guys it's so emotional and it's
such a such a big milestone for me you
guys just don't understand but anyways
I'll let you guys go and I hope you
accept my apology and you try to enjoy
this video ok guys I'm gonna try to get
some rest
take my last time I took like 192 shots
at nyquil so I'm just joking no I didn't
take some nyquil but enjoy this video
please guys guys oh my god look I feel
I'm cured I'm cured I'm done the
thickness is gone I just got a phone
call one of the best phone calls of my
life and and my sickness is gone Wow
they shout out oh my god did this phone
call it was like life-changing look look
oh my oh my god guys shout out to Tony
shout out barber Tony I can't believe it
he's taking me in today for a haircut oh
my god he had previously told me that
today was booked I usually get my
haircuts on Thursday he had previously
told me that today was booked and I was
like you know what Tony is fine I'm I'm
feeling really sick anyway so maybe next
time tomorrow okay he called me like hey
you know what better just just cut me
involve ah God there I'm automatically
cute that's all it took fuck the nyquil
fuck the advil fuck the stain bed and
drink orange juice and go fucking
jackoff but I'll get you go get your
girlfriend to you know get a little play
fuck that you know like I all I needed
was a haircut all I needed was a haircut
now I'm cured I'm just joking I still
feel like shit but not least I'm gonna
get a haircut so alright guys guys I'm
also gonna ask the shop what they want
me to do with the beard I'm gonna get a
little pull of all the barbers I'm gonna
be like yo barber first of all they're
gonna laugh I mean they're gonna be like
what beard I'm gonna be like hey I never
had a beard before so don't make fun of
me
but now I'm at smells like I'll be like
should I line it up should I just shave
it all we'll see what they say this
could be the last day of the beard
because like you guys know I don't like
it I want to feel like it I'm only
growing it out because you guys keep
saying grow it out grow it out you guys
are probably lying to me just to make me
look ugly cuz you guys bro watch la
probably all get together and laughs at
the time we got his beard because we
said we're telling him to grow it out
but anyways one last apology I do not
want people to think oh he's complaining
about his sickness I know there's worse
I cannot complain there's people way
worse there's people with real illness
there's people with with real sickness
this is just a fucking like a cold at
worst maybe a flu maybe so I'm not
complaining but the way my voice sounds
I just think it comes off like I'm
complaining but I'm talking right now
I'm not complaining I simply just wanted
to let you guys know why this video was
really shitty and why I might not be
able to upload tomorrow that's if it
came off as whiny or complaining
I complaining I apologize it's probably
just my voice but trust me I'm lucky to
only be this sick there's people in the
world who are way worse than me so if it
came off as dude stop complaining you
know stop whining I apologize I think
it's just my voice that makes it come
off like that because that wasn't my
intentions but um yeah I'm out you guys
I'm officially out oh wait we could you
tell me we could insert real background
music we don't need to make our own
anyways guys look at this bruh wadis
verified I got verified yesterday so I
will out that nine hundred thirty five
thousand subs when I got a verified
focus bitch bitch oh there we go finally
verified bruh wha T's look at this the
check mark it's not as cool as the blue
twitter check mark but anyways look it
just looks so watch we could just see it
look right there finally
935,000 my camera a camera garage right
now in garage garage anyways yeah guys I
finally got verified I'm so excited I'm
stoked I was tweeting about it I was so
excited look at this it just looks so
cool I read that you could get verified
on Twitter ever since okay you know what
i'ma stop trying to focus you could be
eligible for verification ever since you
hit 100k subs I don't know how the hell
it took nearly 1 million subs they
probably know I only got big off my
brother just joking about anyways yeah
so I finally got verified this is all
you guys I owe it all to you guys that I
got verified thank you so much and man
I'm excited I'm excited finally YouTube
verified next step Twitter after that
Instagram but no thank you guys so much
this is great I'm gonna tell my mom and
my dad I think they're so sweet but I
need to wake them up guys ok guys so I
just finished editing and rendering look
successful so I just finished editing
and rendering this video from my NBA
channel now I need to upload it
so YouTube yada yada yada ok I'm already
up on my NBA channel upload you make it
private till it goes HD I think it was
my movie too let's see yes my movie -
okay so we're uploading this one and
then we got to go back to projects
because I'm still editing my vlog for
the double upload on my main channel so
you got still editing this vlog ok for
my second thought on my main channel
just finish editing my second upload on
my other one so look what we have here
we got already one vlog uploaded on the
main channel
we got one video see one hour ago
already uploaded on the NBA channel and
now we're uploading
the second one on the NBA Channel so in
total that is four videos today two
vlogs on my main two videos on my NBA
one just for all the times sakes Bobby
let's go in the garage come on no bobs
oh come on come on no hey let's go in
the garage let's go well you don't want
to go in the garage you want to go in
the garage come on let's go in the
garage Bosley come on be nice let's go
in the garage guys as I'm editing my
fourth video of the day Bosley who's
here you want to go Buzzle you want to
go see Jackie let's go she's downstairs
Jackie's downstairs Bosley she's
downstairs
look who's that Bosley babe because they
don't have chicken nuggets at Carl's you
know you have to say chicken stars
Bosley come on you want to go downstairs
come babe how did they forget your
chicken stars no it's because you don't
speak English guys look what my
girlfriend got me look what my
girlfriend got me for getting verified
on YouTube
these ones they said they're gonna plump
really nice guys these smell better than
any roses that I've ever bought Jackie
I'm ashamed they smell good
what it's okay thanks for the balloons
boob guys 900 and yeah Bosley tell me
where she was tell me the guys name
Bosley it's him so he doesn't want to
say it yeah guys nine hundred and thirty
thousand subscribers later I finally got
verified I'll fuckin shoot next step is
Twitter thanks babe
I love you too oh wait show us the food
guys and she got me she said a good
healthy nice meal at least they got you
uh sauce I know I asked what kind of
burger is this just the same one oh they
really didn't put the chicken stars guys
on that because I would have a her
chicken stores my YouTube verified meal
okay my girlfriend wants me to put the
flowers in a what what's it called a
base of phase with a V it does that to
you what you say no the veins okay I'll
try to find a base or vase with no a via
me vase Bosley guys Bosley just got his
first hate comment ever where is he
someone actually called him annoys
someone at someone actually looked
actually site the words to say this dog
isn't no no he went even more depth he
said I don't know if it's just me but
bob was kinda annoying uh he said and
then he put a time of the video he said
just look at him he just seems kinda
annoying is it just me
yeah that's like something they would
say about a damn human how are you gonna
Basel II Basel II give me five it's okay
see what countdown you made it Bosley
it's okay Bosley it's okay they
literally said they said yeah I still
kind of like boggle he's just kind of
annoying to me give me five yeah it's
okay buzz Lee you have a lot of
supporters
he's been on you two for I don't know
like years combined on me and my
brothers channels and in this first hate
comment shrug it off Bosley shrug it off
I know you'll be fine no I'm just still
in shock like the guy it was actually a
real comment wasn't a funny one he said
yeah he just kind of seems annoying to
me I don't know if it's just me
why mom come Bob Bosley just got his
first hate comment No yeah someone said
no listen to us someone says mom they
said they said I don't know about you
guys it might just be me but isn't
Bosley kind of annoying like they said
that I know my mom loves Bosley more
than me and Brian combined my girlfriend
love my dog more than me too babe don't
I sound sick but I'm not a vase a vase
mommy Maura I have one smart dog okay
what what's my tummy means a beautiful
Bosley what sweetheart in our language
see know what sweetheart
Oh
what that's what you told me once like
love of my life like like my love ya I
love ya you know gold is heavier Bosley
huh baby no your habibti not oh well
yeah I speak the language that was
literally my first language
you probably literally my first language
courtesy of my mom she's only Tommy and
she's surprised that I know it guys I
need to apologize really quick okay guys
it's 10:00 p.m. I just want to show you
guys how I found this is for sure the
sickest I've been in like years like I
feel like shit right now this is Bosley
baby boy put the light to your face oh
look she does she's the haunted house
was when she says welcome to the haunted
house do not touch the props and the
props will not touch you look Bosley sup
homie
okay guys yeah like I've been sick
obviously in the past couple years
everyone got sick but this is for sure
the worst sickness I'd say ever since I
was in high school I just wanted to
apologize I want to let you guys know
what was up in case the quality of this
video on the content was terrible
because I know it was I just want to let
you guys know why this video yeah you
got me the flowers and oh you recording
yeah shout-out to my girlfriend first of
all she's been taking care of me the
whole time I was sick like this do a bit
she's back massage rub my hair bring me
food some tea food she brought me Carl's
jr. that's probable doggy sick for some
well though and then she got me flowers
and balloons for getting verified I
didn't even expect that other yeah I was
surprised you're mad hard cuz I was
taking so long I was like where are you
wait tell them what you said about Mary
fucking kill guys you know how you play
the game Mary Mary fucker kill where you
have three different people Stephanie
posted something she had to rape me
thank you
like rape me oh right which one she what
she said your name so I said what the
fuck is it man
marry you fuck you and find out he's
cheating on me and kill you hashtag
it's supposed to pick three different
people you can't say Mary banning fuck
branding and then find out Brandon
cheated only so kill Brandon that's how
the game worries my new my what's mine
you saying
every time I'm additive just wait you
guys doing that you'll see you will hear
that every single first of all that's my
singing first of all that I'm not okay
first of all that's my saying okay but
okay see where's the cereal
where's where's the lean oh I put it in
my fridge I might have take some me and
my girlfriend just picked up from future
nyquil severe future why the video is
actually shit this is probably my worst
video ever yeah they literally nine
hundred and thirty five thousand subs
later I got verified on YouTube shout
out YouTube I'm waiting for that blue
Twitter checkmark though that's what I'm
waiting for
but yeah guys were out
I might not be able to be uploading
tomorrow it's not a for sure no but I
might not be uploading it because I just
I was about to take some nightclub I'm
looking for the Jolly Ranchers but I
can't find it babe do you have any dirty
soda yeah we just picked this up from
future he just came he found our objects
cuz he said it was leaked online so he
just pulled up and we just picked up
from him guys we got three huge fans in
my room today what was your name one two
three
Bosley it's guys Bosley look we actually
took we actually took Bosley into our
room and we were talking to him and
petting him and he literally scratched I
mean my room don't they carried away
honeyBun yeah I think I know the reason
why I'm sick is literally from lack of
sleep
sleep deprivation that's probably why
I'm sick honestly that's what you guys
are commenting and tweeting to me and
commenting on my videos that I'm
probably sick and feel like shit because
of lack of sleep and you guys know best
four walls on those beds I need to
listen to you guys
