hey stop licking your paw Boswell stop
the doctor said you can't get infection
if you lift your paw Paw's well bobsled
whatever the fuck your name is Bob
Bosley Boswell sub bobsled you want to
go in my room come on no I said in my
room not Brian get off his jock let's go
in my room bobsled come on
Boswell Barlow Bob come on let's go
No okay
well-well Boswell finally decided to
show up
Boswell where's my tray of nuts and cups
of tea bobsled okay Bosley Bop guys
Bosley likes was sleeping in my room
Boswell bobsled hey you like it in my
room guys I had to close the door real
quick because every time he comes in my
room he he tries to get out in like 20
seconds so now that he actually laid
down I'm trapping this motherfucker in
here hey buddy hey I think he died from
being in my room too long
I put the shorts in front of him cuz I
wore those to the gym so they're sweaty
and I know Bozz he likes bats now so I'm
giving it's kind of like a treat for him
no but you guys don't understand this
actually like a miracle not only did he
come in my room but he actually laid
down I had to close the door real quick
before he wanted to get out go to sleep
Bosley go to sleep go to sleep and I
won't put you in the garage guys I've
been having the trash can next to me all
night um my throat is so bad I have a
sore throat and I just feel like shit
overall like I've been spitting up all
night I could barely go to sleep I
haven't been sick in months so I guess
time is finally catching up to me
hopefully not a flu or anything maybe
just something small like a cold but
it's definitely starting off with a sore
throat that's for sure it's Bosley
literally a damn statue at the wax
museum Bosley bullshit I think he's dead
boswell garage oh never mind we're good
go to sleep Oz we go to see bimbo oh my
god he's literally a loaf of Wonder
Bread cuz look at his foot Bosley
doesn't that hurt look
it's like he's ready on your marks get
set go
it's like he's ready for a race oh this
is felt like that he really just took a
one-hour nap in my room this is actually
the best day of my life
Boswell I love you Bob say I love you
Bosley Bosley go fuck yourself
Bosley I love you you want some chicken
Bosley you're rude and this is time when
Bosley does his morning prayer but we
can't bother him during this it actually
looks like it's praying oh oh no this is
a time when Bosley has a wet dream of
eating pussy licks his lips so long oh
I'm trying to I'm trying to edit and the
Beast has awoken
what's up Bosley this is literally a
career high for Bosley staying in my
room
yeah I'm trying to edit this video I
actually just started look 45 minutes
before edit the shits gonna take hours
so I might as well start now what time
is it it is almost 10 a.m. so I figure I
started now I should be done around you
know 1 o'clock and then we'll get this
day started I honestly have no idea what
I'm gonna do today but I just figured
let me edit first get this out of way
out the way and then we'll start with
our plans see that's what I mean when he
imagines eating my girlfriend elleny
fucking does that for three hours Bosley
you are not better than me at that you
have you are no competition Hey look at
me I'm playing dog huh get it dog
okay Bosley you want to go poop outside
stop imagining bad things in your head
okay guys I just finished washing my
tattoo Bosley is still having his wet
dream
I honestly think now he's trying to send
me signals he asked I finished watching
my tattoo it's actually healing the
building nicely I'm just waiting for it
to finish healing and then I can go back
to the gym that's why I've been really
bored lately I'm into a gym in three
days
still kind of fresh I got the tattoo
four days ago so I mean I'm pretty sure
I can go work out but I definitely can't
play basketball because dumbasses at the
gym they play ball like Papa they try to
swipe and scratch and everything so I
mean I'm not trying to risk I'm just
gonna wait for it to heal and I'll go
back like I said I could probably go
work out lightly but there's no way I
can go play basketball yet which is
crushing my dreams because in case you
guys didn't know kind of love basketball
so yeah three days or four days since I
haven't played ball but let's keep
editing I'm bored without the gym I saw
Bosley oh my gosh I'm bored without the
gym like that's my daily routine even if
I don't lift I play ball every single
day almost
I get bored without it oh my god you
already know that antibacterial soap
dial gold it works best for tattoos wash
it a couple of times a day and then say
I'm the same thing you used to jack off
you just put it on as long as it's
non-scented fragrance free you can't put
a scented lotion on a new tattoo you
don't put too much okay you just you
don't want to cover it you want to so
allow the new tattoo to breathe so
you're just gonna put you know just a
little bit of lotion rub that in like I
said just as if you were jacking off you
know just like this not too hard okay
the tattoos still healing you don't want
to you don't want to be too harsh with
it you don't want to you know suffocate
it with lotion you want to let it
breathe
and definitely you never want to go out
in the Sun while your tattoo is healing
that is the number one killer worse than
sweat worse than someone scratching it
worse than playing basketball and
someone fucking flagrant fouls you you
do not want to go out in the Sun I've
literally been hibernating inside till
it gets dark for like the past three
days it should be healed in a couple of
days and uh yeah we'll be good to go
make my return to the gym play some
basketball again I'm not using this as
an excuse not to lift that's just
because I'm a lazy ass and I hate
working out I hate lifting you could
lift I'm sure it's not a problem to lift
work out when you get a new tattoo you I
just know you can't play basketball
it's too dangerous scare myself
and then you end up getting a tattoo for
no reason fuck that but yeah the lifting
I'm not using it as an excuse to list
why I'm not lifting is just as I'm a
dumbass oh my god oh my gosh now it
makes sense why Bosley was staying in my
room for so long and why he wanted to be
in my room
okay I'm not gonna go into detail about
what's on this shirt or aka use it as a
towel but let's just say that I wasn't
alone a couple hours ago you know late
last night okay Bosley I'm not I don't
need to say what dogs are attracted to
but Bosley now it makes sense while you
were in my room give me five yep I know
you're learning young you want to go
down go for a walk let's go go for a
walk oh wait let me grab a shirt really
quick I'm not wearing a shirt puzzle you
want to go for a walk let's go okay easy
don't don't don't go fast buzz Lee it's
not a race okay let's go for a walk
don't don't skip a step don't go oh my
god he skipped two okay and let's go in
the backyard Bosley when I say let's go
for a walk he fucking hates because he
thinks we're gonna go for a walk outside
like with the leash and stuff but
instead he does his dirty duties out
here
you always poops him fucking on our
neighbor's lawn and I want to pick it up
so why not just poop in the backyard
Bosley yeah I met a walk in the backyard
like a little jog let's go in the
backyard come on I know you have to poop
good boy good boy
Boswell's such a good dog so a lot of
you guys might be confused as to first
of all oh my god look at my beard
honestly hold on let me get the lighting
honestly I don't like it look at this
dirty stache oh my God look at this
honestly I'm not a fan of it but I just
decided to grow it I don't like it
honestly Jack even told me she doesn't
really like it but all of you guys are
telling me to keep it so I guess I'm
gonna keep it grow it out and maybe line
it up if it gets thicker but honestly
like I just never was a fan of beards I
never grew a beard before just his
goatee I love my goatee and now look at
me I'm dirty look at this the mustache
especially look it's literally a dirty
stack I don't go any hair here though I
don't know why I literally grow no hair
here but anyways a lot of you guys might
be confused as to why I'm referring this
fat-ass Bosley as Boswell or Bob or
bobsled first of all this dog looks like
he could be named Boswell hey Boswell
but anyway it's just like I woke up
yesterday and I'm just like the name
Bosley it's just very mainstream you
know like everybody knows now Bosley oh
shit everybody knows now like you know
Bosley Bosley on my friends family all
of you guys you know him as Bosley and
that's just too mainstream like if you
know me you know I don't like mainstream
like even the music I listen to it's
like underground like Drake and all that
I love underground music so uh so you
know I kind of decided I need to change
Bosley's name so I'm kind of trying to
see which one he adapts to I'll keep it
similar so it's not too hard for him
because he's not smartest of dogs to
learn a whole new name maybe a bobsled
boswell or I like Bob Bob is one of my
favorites but uh
Natacha hilarious that balls it was in
my room cuz of that damn sure he never
comes in my room uh-oh he's about to
poop oh oh well I don't want to get my
channel terminated so I won't show him
taking a shit ya know guys I'm just
joking about changing his name I just
wanted to fucking calm something
different cuz it's funny
anyways I need to go finish editing
upstairs it's like 11 a.m. right now I
just want to give you guys a little tour
of my morning first of all shout out
your who got me this shirt remember I
opened a couple of days ago in one of my
videos so uh yeah let me just repeat one
more time I miss playing basketball I'm
bored without basketball I'm bored
without lunch time basketball but it's
just not worth ruining the tattoo like I
said it's still French just a couple of
days old maybe four days old so I don't
want anyone you know picking at a
slapping a scratching it and then the
ink comes off because you guys know if a
tattoo is healing and you pull the ink
or you scratch the ink off then the the
ink could come off your skin and then
you went through all that for nothing so
I don't want to risk it should be a
couple more days Bosley did you take
your morning shit good boy good boy
give me five yeah next time you're
taking in Brian's mouth okay good boy
okay guys so I got no plans for today
yeah the only thing I got planned is go
ahead in my video after that okay I'll
pick this vlog back up and I'll take you
guys along with me journey of a Tuesday
a random Tuesday in my life I have no
idea what I'm gonna do but we'll make
the most of it guys okay I'll see you in
a bit Oh fucking dirty so I'm checking
and there's actually no fresh poop over
here Bosley go poop he lied to me he
went back there for a couple months
oh you got caught ha Boswell's Bosley
no go poop go poop that's why you came
out you got to go poop come on let's go
he tried to lie to me oh I see his
asshole getting redder and bigger so
that means it's about to come out which
means I need to end the recording right
now guys it's very cool that me and
Bosley have such a close relationship
like such a close-knit friendship that
like like I actually know when he's
about the shit like his his ass just
gets really like bigger like his asshole
and like watch watch and it just gets
read I don't know why but that's how
close we are we know when each other I
have to go to the bathroom like watch
watch hold up oh he's about to drop that
ass watch he's about to drop that ass
he's about to drop it he's about to drop
it Oh
Boswell's gonna Boswell's doing a big
this time he's looking for a spot he's
looking for a spot three on the shot
clock
three two one don't drop that
Hey don't drop that okay sorry the guy's
Bosley fucking hates me
oh yeah me and balls you have such a
close me and bothering have that
relationship but oh my god I smell from
here Bosley me and Bosley okay both of
you inside we have that relationship
where you know where you could joke
around and you know make those mean
jokes but you don't take it offensively
I just almost trip you know you can make
those mean jokes you could kind of you
know hate each other like oh come on
like that and you don't take it to heart
that's the relationship being involved
again at least from my side oh you guys
can see the beard now I just care about
the mustache that's just nasty yeah like
I said I'm go ahead here or right here I
don't think I know but I figured maybe
let it maybe let it grow a little
thicker and then like line it up when I
go to a barber shop
I don't know god I'm just a mess if
we're being honest I don't like it but
you guys all want me to keep it so we're
gonna do it okay guys so like I've been
editing and I still have an eight
breakfast but I'm fucking starving my
mom's taking too long to wake up so I
was gonna kick cook my house I said I
was gonna kick myself I was gonna cook
myself but then I opened the fridge and
the only thing we have is bacon I'm not
trying to eat paid for breakfast don't
get me wrong I love bacon but
I feel sick I feel like shit I don't
think that's the best thing to eat even
though I'm probably gonna go get me a
fucking burrito right now but yeah I'm
just used as an excuse because I want to
go get me some food so go grab some food
breakfast guys so you know how i told
you like i don't really like mainstream
stuff i thought its cotton balls a
different name and i just even music I
don't like mainstream music like I like
that underground shit like I don't know
if you've heard of this I heard of the
song
his name is aqua Graham I think this
album is uh
nothing was the same I just love
underground
I like that hyped up shit I don't like
that god you see all these cars
patiently waiting behind the damn
trashcan fuck that if I was behind them
out fucking switch into this lane and
fucking go pass that's young got time to
waste all that people have patience I
give them props
okay guys a couple things I want to say
first of all that morning like oh I feel
a little sick I might be coming down
with a cold
no it's hit it's official I'm fucking
done I feel like complete shit from
headache to to everything just I feel
like shit but anyways is what I was
gonna say this is a pretty short video
from me you know 17 18 minutes don't
worry you know why did this you think
I'd really leave you guys hanging with a
short video you want to know why I did
this because just wait just wait a
couple more hours we got a double upload
today another vlog coming out today so
you know how I told you guys I had no
plans earlier in this video well I made
plans or I got invited to plans so I
figured hey why not cut this video here
and then we got another vlog coming up
of those plans here's a hey if you have
me add it on snapchat or Twitter you
know what those plans are but either way
you should watch the video cuz it's
gonna be funny and entertaining and if
you don't follow me on snapchat or
Twitter or Instagram literally my name
is just bro Wallace on all of them and
you get a sneak peek of every single
video cuz what I do obviously
I record the day before like I recorded
yesterday and this is going up today so
you always get a sneak peak of my vlogs
or you always get a sneak peek of what
videos coming up so if you don't follow
me on that go ahead and follow me on
those oh yeah I also said that I also
said I wasn't gonna go to the gym to
play ball but honestly like I'm so it's
so tempting I miss playing basketball
and I haven't been in a long time and
I'm just so tempted to go play the only
thing is that when your tattoo is
healing like if someone scratches it or
if like someone hits her really hard and
the ink that's still healing and still
peeling like peels off it could pull the
ink off with it if it's not done healing
but you know me I'm stupid and I don't
fucking think so I'm probably gonna end
up going to play ball I don't know yet
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
but don't enjoy it too much because you
got another video to enjoy in a couple
hours
so I gotta get to editing that one for
washcloths thank you so much for
watching and get yourself hacked up
hyped up for a double upload much love
you guys
oh my god yeah this is I'm getting a
haircut tomorrow this is definitely
going along with the haircut I'm sorry
I can't do it
