okay guys so let me explain to you the
situation right here pawsley
why does Bosley look at me with such a
death stare like I know I threatened him
with the garage but I've actually never
put him in the garage like I've never
actually put him in the garage well
that's not by choice it's actually cuz I
can't catch the fat thing the dude could
move don't let his weight trick you okay
so no I've never put it in the garage
hope he heard me look hey bimbo ya know
I've never actually put it in the garage
but if we're being honest just because I
can't catch the fat motherfucker it's
not because but I'll buy toys so anyways
I am about to leave to the gym right now
guys my sleep schedule is so fucked let
me just tell you really quick you guys
already know I stay up really late
editing my videos cuz that just fits
with my time schedule you know I don't
really have time to edit in the morning
because of the gym unless I cut the gym
out of my schedule which I don't want to
do I don't really have time to edit
during the afternoon because that's
pretty much the only time I have to see
Jackie and you know so I pretty much
just stay up really late
editing I've been getting like 3 or 4
hours of sleep every night for like the
past couple months maybe five maybe six
hours max but I can't remember the last
time I got like a full 8 hours sleep
waking up at like 8 or 9 it's just not
healthy but hey I'm not taking the gym
out of my life I'm not breaking up with
my girlfriend and I'm not canceling
YouTube so I have to kind of pick
something to take out of my life to make
time for everything with this hectic
schedule and I guess I'm choosing to
take out sleep but anyways I just
finished editing my video I went to
sleep last night about 4 4 o'clock and
instead of going back to sleep I'm
already awake you know you guys know I'm
that type of person that when you wake
up it's just impossible to fall back
asleep you just can't so I'm gonna go to
the gym it's almost 9:00 a.m. as you
guys saw I'm probably gonna work out
some chest and then you guys already
know lunch time basketball lunch time
basketball 11:30 so I'll probably work
out some chess and then shoot around
wait for the boys to come play and say I
have to play some lunchtime basketball
so let's get this day started with my
pre gym snag do you know my favorite
pregame snack is I'll show you guys
downstairs so let's go I said I set up
last night until 4:00 a.m. editing and I
eleven o'clock because I wanted to go
play basketball this morning that's what
motivated me to finish editing last
night cuz I'm like no I don't know what
got into me I was like in a super mood
to play basketball and I don't have a 24
hour gym membership I only have a la
Fitness one so I have to wait till the
morning so I'm like you know what no I'm
gonna finish editing at night I don't
have time to do it in the morning unless
I don't want to play ball but I want to
play ball so I finished editing last
night and I set my alarm for 11 o'clock
so I could wake up and play ball I don't
know why I woke up at 8 o'clock and once
I woke up I couldn't go back to sleep
instead I stayed up late finish editing
my vlog and I woke up early so anyways
I'm still gonna go to the gym now I have
time to lift my glass ball so it worked
out better for me okay guys I'm ready
for the gym it's like I'm playing
basketball in the 60s Jackie's doing on
a rampage on me over text because I told
her that I was going to Jin ba ba ba
this isn't healthy you went to sleep at
like 4:00 in the morning Oh dad is it
healthy to go to sleep at 4:00 in the
morning and then be at the gym at 9:00
but I'm still young I'm just joking I
know it's not healthy but I love it yeah
Jackie is like just like nobody just
trying to go back to sleep and I'm just
like I'm gonna wait for way too long I
can't fall back asleep guys I'm even
more hyped because my boy I'll leave
shoutout to the bra Oh a diss squad told
me he's gonna be at the gym so imma
gonna link up with my boy we're gonna
play some ball god if you guys have been
with Bharata since the start you know I
always tie your left shoe before you go
to the gym before you step on the court
but you leave your right shoe untied
it's just a mental thing I don't know
why I do it but my left shoe is always
tied right here rice you untied I don't
tie my right shoe I start playing
anyways
I hurt my fingers yesterday at the gym I
don't want to show you the other side
because it's kind of gruesome they're a
little swollen I don't know if you could
tell the swelling went down because I
was icing all night but it's not the
swelling that's the problem it's pretty
much cut really kind of deep it's cut
really deep Jackie want me to go to the
urgent care but I don't want to go I
don't want to show you guys the other
side but I'm gonna attempt to go play on
them so hopefully it goes well I don't
think I'll be at the gym too long
because of this but we'll see
guys my gas light is on and it's showing
me all nearby gas stations before I
could before I die and my car runs out
of gas but when you got an invite from
the dude Ollie to go play some ball you
got to go go go go play some balls so
we'll put some gas after the after my
basketball sesh we'll be good hopefully
I can't answer the banana to this one
guys so you know with my dad and Jackie
Tommy you know go back to sleep it's not
healthy editing that lay and like waking
up going to a gym just not getting sleep
overall and I said a boo hey Dad I know
it's not healthy and then with with
people this is what I said someone on
Twitter someone said bro we appreciate
your hard work you don't have to upload
daily and I replied I said I said I know
bro I don't have to upload daily but I
know I know deep down that my videos
there's people all around the world that
watch my videos that are having shitty
days and they're having terrible days
and my videos don't ask me why because
in my head I'm an idiot
but my videos help them get through
their day so imagine someone's having a
bad day something happened and they go
to their sub box and there's no video
for me just cuz I decided to take a day
off and I don't think that's fair to
them because they look up to me and so
yeah I know I don't have to upload daily
but there's people obviously hundreds of
thousands of people that look forward to
watching my videos every day so I don't
feel of course I know I don't have to
upload it but I don't feel like oh well
I can just do whatever I want no I wanna
upload daily for you guys so okay back
to music
he'll a fitting class going on right
here I might I might have to turn on my
inner Michael Phelps
well not the smoking weed part but the
swimming Michael Phelps and go teach
them a little something I'm just joking
I can't swim for shit guys I'm here with
shady shade he's a big fan of my videos
I actually went to school with him me
and my brother went to school to Matt
Mira Mesa he just graduated tell them
where you're going to college
UCSD this dudes doing big things so a
shout-out to him I got Brad Scott
shut up Ross I got Big Tymers watching
my videos but anyways I went back to my
car in the middle of my workout to get
my camera cuz I met Kurt was a pretty
big fan so I told him I'll put him in my
vlog okay so that guy Kurt he said that
we used to play basketball way back when
I used to play pick-up at some other
dude he told me he was way younger than
me and I would talk trash to him when I
was in high school so I just got exposed
for being a trash talker on the court
guy friend is actually very underrated
there's your scouting report thank you
okay let's find Kurt I told him I'll put
him in my vlog in my phone and out of
storage so
hold up guys guys there hunter literally
the definition of light-skinned hold up
the definition of a white skin look at
this dude okay you got first of all he's
light-skinned second he got the hair he
got the blonde chick from the hair to
the tattoos hi I'm Helen blasters I
don't even need to say the muscle okay
where's Kurt oh he walked away I brought
my camera for him and he walked away
guys this dude hold up dude buddy no bro
wait he's here every single morning
every morning for hours and hours and
hours and he actually works he doesn't
talk like me so the extra works out I
got my camera down you can say what's up
for real now it's not falling out of
storage I told them the story of Josh
dogs because I watched too much Markieff
Morris so my videos I thought this was
my first time meeting him but it turns
out when did we meet we met in US when I
was in sixth grade and he was in high
school still
we met playing pick-up basketball and
she was talking so much trash to little
kids so but so I guess we met because I
used to play pick-up alway before so I
guess we played pickup all together way
before then and he said I was a big
trash talker I'm not gonna argue that
because I do chuck trash
so let's do the time I thought you don't
want to arm before you play well yeah
we're just waiting on people to show up
Jackie back sit on their way to guys
recently it's weird I've been meeting a
lot of like people that watch my videos
a lot of fans at the gym and they end up
playing basketball and I always end up
guarding them and I'm just like this
it's kind of like we'd like I don't know
am I supposed to try hard or am I
supposed to like let them score and be
like oh thanks for your support like I
don't know but it's always awkward when
I guard a fan and it never used to
happen but I don't know why I've been
getting recognized more at the gym
recently so guys I actually met this
dude two neighbors at ambarish I met him
a couple of days ago remember when I saw
you guys like sometimes I guard people
that watch my videos about salsa
guarding him playing basketball and also
remember when I said I got big-time
scholars watching my videos really go to
school ia UCLA right now UCLA so we got
UCSD somewhere over there UCLA right
here universities so doing big-time
things thank you guys we got David here
he's a he's not a fan I've known him for
a while actually but it was good gonna
do stuff a little about yourself my name
is David I'm the best barber at Mira
Mesa homey I don't know where this gotta
be going to well the business hey cuz I
get down baby y'all let me tell you how
you really get down lifting lifting in
those slips LeBron is LeBron so you've
got a ball up so looky how that goes
David said next p.o box someone gotta
send me some new basketball shoes you
heard it you heard it here friends new
kicks his shoelaces don't even work you
played in the league with me that's why
we lost every fucking game because of my
shoes
guys the one and only is here Jay feeds
my girlfriend is here she hates when I
record at the gym because she turned so
red like a tomato watch she's gonna get
so much
I told you okay I'm all records I won't
I'm serious I'm on guys hold on let's
see what my French ladies up to hold up
that watch is flirting with the girl
then watch what look I see I see Sadie
Chopin look so there is baby Sadie let
me see how much are those 20 pounds
seven half pounds same thing oh oh
shady would the dude you guys met
earlier in the video that's his brother
yeah what's up guys oh brother I was
also in phase rugs baby wasn't Faison
video when he got shot and he literally
didn't even feel a thing
yeah this is what working out does yeah
we go play basketball make videos like
Brandon you know what I mean be a Suns
fan be a sons fent no don't be a Suns
fan I'm a Lakers fan okay we ending here
guys I'm teaching the tomato how to do
ab workouts babe
okay so all these here wearing the same
exact Jersey that he always wears a
locker room walk pregame I just texted
you this Mike wants
tell them your favorite video when I got
there you like that I got banned from
the fair it's been week week all I did
was Mike how many points are you
dropping today for a game 16 16 68 eight
twos
shout out guys
guys so I was already here is what you
do one two three
then Holly tell them why am I waiting
because I don't want to lose like you
don't lose when you're on all these
teams so so I was already here oh I got
so they want me to play but I'm saying
that with my boy Olie shoutout
the building
they miss you guys the team with the
team with the bomb meets a 3-2 in the
game
Leo Leo you know watch they need up 3-2
in the game you give a shooter he's
gonna shoot it no you got holy call that
foul you got poked in the face who's
closing it out moose closed it out
close it out
you got m'kay right here Oh oh my god
finish it Mike my goal right
oh there you go
I know David goddamn okay so team with
the ball means one point the defensive
team needs a to hold Justin who's
winning this game
this single day
game over game JMK talk about that on
camera
guys this is the man himself Jay
introduce yourself Jake
he's a Laker fan boat so he can't get
too much footage we used to fight over
sons or Lakers I'm like oh we all day we
got a huge argument
people were like trying to break it up
just over a thunder lakers argument okay
it's time to run the courts with oli oli
what's our team
come on Brandon
okay
okay now tell them the truth we don't
lie pin down blog LeBron oh my god
you hate me I recorded I thought you
were gonna call foul
you should have everyone else call foul
here instant replay with the camera oh
gee warriors fan no bandwagon tone now
see where you stand
what's your mind married oh no he's an
OG over here he leaves leaves and plays
ball head of hair - how long have we
been friends in the car now we're 21
third year of college first time ever
met Brandon was a page element we've got
the battle over
he was my kind yeah oh boy Jordan that's
his brother right there Justin Jordans
in Canada right now
Beto's show out for the camera next game
5015 points okay you heard it no bye
lose the Hall of Famer here m'kay og
Marcellus
m'kay
shoot it m'kay that's his ball right
there oh Jesus swaggy is here outfits
always matching the hurricane oh you're
out
good
that's right here okay I could edit I
could add it I could add it don't worry
I've never seen anyone play this part of
the camera everyone showed out for the
camera everyone show now Jay I need you
to record next game sure Jay everyone
showing out everyone because people have
never taken a shot in their life no
that's what I'm saying
commish sees nothing wrong okay guys
faggoty laughing okay so oh you have a
friend since kindergarten
losing seven to 0-2 now
hope they come back
where is that one up
James for three
they could see the game is over
oh boy Oh
12:13 block I'm leaving off their
Channel I was working waters being said
now god I feel bad for Mike here he went
to Hawaii like obviously had a ton of
Girl Talk by vitalizing by the wife I
mean I feel bad trying to get big no
more ball for him out here with Ali's
cousin he's the uglier cousin who's more
handsome you're always it's like me and
Brian no I think all these more handsome
but we all have a little bit more funny
mood for yeah we need for it for guys I
actually love coming to the gym not only
cuz I get my workout done and I play
basketball but like you guys saw I have
a lot of my friends that go to the gym
so having the schedule that I have which
is pretty busy it's hard for me to make
separate time to hang out with my
friends outside of just making separate
time just for hanging out so it's kind
of neat it's cool that pretty much I see
all my friends at the gym so I get my
workout done play basketball while also
seeing my friends so it works out for
all of us it's neat
you know I had to stop by my spot
KFC so keep this on the way I'm starving
all I ate was the damn dick before the
fucking gym I'm starving
oh shit guys don't try this at home or
in your car
do not eat chicken little with no
pickles that bitch you put pickles in my
fucking chicken little oh well
Oh
