yo guys what is up I want to apologize
for a few things before I start this
video first and foremost I want to
apologize for my voice because I do feel
like shit and starts with a sore throat
always for me every time I start getting
sick it starts with the sore throat so
that's what I feel right now I feel a
pretty bad sore throat I also want to
apologize for the beard because ok if
you guys can't tell look here it is you
know I don't know what I'm thinking like
at the mustache oh my god that's a dirty
stache but if you guys didn't know if
you haven't kept up with my recent vlogs
I accidentally trim too much of my
goatee so instead of taking the L I'm
trying to grow a beard just to see how
it looks it's probably gonna end up
looking ugly and I'm have to shave in a
couple of days so when I look back on
this video in a couple weeks I'm gonna
be like what the hell was I thinking
with this little I just looked dirty man
like I like looking clean shave anyway
so I'm apologizing for that last thing
I'm apologizing for is the type of video
this is um this type of video is not
really entertainment I'm not gonna go
out of the house I'm not really gonna do
anything you know make you guys laugh
you know this video is a talk it's a
thank you it's it's kind of gonna come
from my heart and so to make up for it
yesterday I upload I double uploaded
with 220 plus minute vlogs I uploaded my
first vlog of the day 22 minutes long my
second vlog 23 minutes long so I hope
that kept you guys content for
entertainment purposes because I knew
today I was just gonna give a thank you
you know I wanted to tell you guys how
much this all means to me so without
further ado I hope you guys don't mind
this type of video once just today I'm
gonna get started so if you guys didn't
know yesterday I had 900 thousand subs I
don't even want to check right now but I
think I'm at 911 thousand subs which is
just crazy it's it's it's insane like
okay but I can't get carried away I'm
gonna get carried away very much in this
video but um so yes and I hate 900,000
subs and you know I'm just like I'm
thinking I'm just like what like it just
it means so much to me like
I don't know what I could say I don't
know if I can put it in words actually
how much this means to me and I know a
lot of people say that you know oh
thanks so much it means so much to me
but this video I'm speaking from my
heart I'm not speaking from my mouth I'm
not speaking from my brain I'm not
speaking with words this video I'm
speaking from my heart and and it means
like I don't know what to say like the
fact that I just want to say this ever
since I was younger ever since I was a
kid I'm talking way before YouTube I'm
not even talking when I was like I'm
just talking way before my whole life
I've always been one that it I like to
give back I like to help people out so
you know like let's say someone I don't
want to say was trash at basketball but
wasn't too good to get on the court and
I had the next same I'd be like hey do
you want to run with me and and we play
I don't care if I lost okay I did care
but at least that kid go out to play um
I'd be at lunch at school the meal would
be like two dollars I'd have an extra
dollar like a new did you eat lunch
already no okay here's a dollar like go
get something from the store like
because they had like a little student
store where you didn't have to pay two
dollars they had like little snacks I
just want it to help but I'm gonna just
say this straight up I was never really
like that popular or that like no one
really knew who I was so no one really
come to me for help
now I'm put in a position where like I
can help so much like I can I can make
somebody's day just by they tweet at me
and I favorite it I can make somebody's
day just by them then posting a picture
and I like it
I can make somebody's day just by
replying to them like like I used to try
to go out of my way to try to make
people's days and they would like not
turn it down but you know who are you to
try to help me like I appreciate it but
no things now I'm I'm put I'm blessed
enough to be given a position where I
can help people in so many different
ways you like you don't understand how
much this means to me and and right now
it's kind of tough you know like I'm
going to school obviously I'm on break
right now but I'm going
college not high school not middle
school of course but college I have a
girlfriend for those who you have a
girlfriend who you love it's not just a
title girlfriend it's a lot of work you
put a lot of work into a relationship
you put a lot of time and it could be
exhausting at times you know just cuz I
have a camera in front of my face just
cuz blah blah doesn't mean a
relationship can be exhausting and it's
time-consuming I still make time for the
gym every single day
okay along with putting out videos for
you guys every day and I'm not trying to
like sound cocky or anything but the
videos are long they take long for me to
edit so like I mean I work for this like
I don't I work for this and and hard
work pays off I look at the number of
subs and the number of views on my
videos and just a number of followers
and I'm just like it's insane it's um I
want to thank each and every one of you
guys for the support because you guys
don't think when I'm down and I read a
tweet that says hey you're my favorite
youtuber you don't think that brings me
up like oh you don't think when when you
know something's going on in my life and
I go to my video and I see the top
comment oh like if if Brandon is your
favorite youtuber you don't think that
cheers me up this is my life like you
guys give me life you guys gave me life
when I look like I work hard but that's
not where I'm going with this
I work hard because of you guys you guys
are the reason I have all these subs
like like yes I work hard I put out the
content I added the videos I stay up
late editing but it doesn't matter
because you guys are the reason for all
these subs just as much as I am if not
more this is on you guys which is why
I'm making this video to thank you guys
and that's why I want to give back as
much as I could I wanna I want to give
back even more than I'm doing right now
I want to go on a tour I want to make
you guys happy like I said it's kind of
tough right now with school and just all
these things in my life cuz I'm still
young I just turned 21 I just started
doing this whole YouTube thing it's just
been a year so I just I mean I feel like
I'm okay I'm getting carried away so let
me explain what I'm trying to say so
first and foremost like I said a lot of
Big Time youtubers a lot of Big Time
youtubers they drop out of school
it takes a lot of time to make youtube
videos they don't have a girlfriend
because girlfriends you know they're
they're time-consuming they are in a
good way I love my girlfriend but you
can't you gotta admit it takes time
you're busier when you have a girlfriend
than when you don't have a girlfriend
um a lot of them they they they make a
lot of time on their hands to make these
videos and some of them don't even
upload every day for me I kept my
schedule before I did YouTube I'll go to
the gym every day and I'll go to school
I didn't even have a girlfriend now I
kept going to the gym everyday I stayed
in school I'm staying in a relationship
you know what I cut out I cut out sleep
you guys see if you pay attention to my
vlogs what time do I end it I headed at
2:00 3:00 4:00 in the morning cuz I just
don't have time to do it through the day
I don't have time unless I stop daily
uploading and I don't want to do that so
for you guys I could've easily cut out
Jim and being like yeah I don't need to
go to the gym you know like I'm not fat
I don't need to go no I love going to
gym I'm not cutting that out I could
have easily said I could have pulled
jacket to the side and said hey babe you
know YouTube is very time consuming
you know I need some more sleep I don't
really have time for a relationship I'm
not gonna do that I love my girlfriend
she's staying in my life I could have
easily easily just like every other
other major youtuber did I could have
dropped out of school no I want a degree
just in case just in case any of this
goes wrong just in case anything happens
I wanted to gree in my back pocket I
stayed in school what did I do for you
guys what did I do to keep uploading
videos for you guys I cut sleep out of
my schedule and my mom hates it she
always comes in my room at like 2:00 in
the morning like what are you doing go
to sleep and I'm just like no mom if I
sleep now I won't have time to go to the
gym tomorrow if I sleep now I'm gonna
upload too late if I sleep now am I like
I just it it drives me crazy when people
assume I don't care about you guys I
mean I just if I've ever met any of you
guys watching this video because I've
met a ton of fans whether it be at the
Del Mar fair whether it be at the mall
like I just want you to come in your
experience I don't think there's ever
been a fan that I've met that has left
thinking anything negative I try my best
when I meet a fan first of all take
pictures if they won't sign something if
they're
make me like they want to record a video
with me recorded I like I try to make
their experience so fun because I think
about it from my point of view if I were
to go meet the Phoenix Suns which I did
I would be so bummed out if I finally
got to meet them they were all dicks to
me or like just it's just simple like
I'm in a position where I'm blessed I'm
blessed to be able to make these kids
day just by simple hi just but like I'll
never take that for granted and that's
all I have to stand up I want to stand
up I don't like sitting down so like I'm
what I'm just trying to say is this
actually means so much to me I'll never
take any of it for granted and and it's
just like I never would have thought I
never ever would have thought I started
my youtube channel with me sitting in
this chair awkwardly looking at the
camera kind of whispering kind of
talking about basketball that's it I
didn't I didn't record anything else and
now here we are and I know a lot of you
guys oh you're only here because of your
brother I used to let that get to me but
now all I have to do is my brother's
shouted out other channels before I look
at those people's channels they don't
even have 100k subs
they've been shouted out just as much as
me or more so I don't that that's false
but if you guys want to think that
that's fine I can't get inside your head
and control what you think so on all I'm
gonna say hard work pays off I'm really
really happy to be blessed enough to be
put in a position where I can give you
guys entertainment and and the fact
here's the biggest thing people look up
to me as a role model people look up to
me as an inspiration and I'll never ever
ever let that go past my head I'll never
forget that like listen in my head I'm
not famous I'm a normal ass kid who
wakes up on this bed under his parents
roof I still live with my parents with a
with a girlfriend just like a lot of
other people I still go to school just
like a lot of other people I'm not a
public gym just like everybody else I'm
living the normal life so the fact that
people look up to me and they you know
they make me a role model or they make
me an inspiration to them thank you
thank you because you don't know what
that
right here it makes me so happy it makes
me feel so lucky and like this like this
speech or this rare I guess it may sound
familiar just in case other like
youtubers or maybe other celebrities who
speak out about how much they love doing
what they do and might sound familiar
but the difference is they're speaking
words I'm speaking from my heart like
there's no script there's no nothing
planned this is just what I feel like I
feel I'm so happy to be able to be doing
this and I just love you guys so much I
love you guys so much and I feel like I
don't say it enough but I do and and
this is all unreal it's surreal actually
it's amazing to me I don't know how I
did it I want to thank you guys for all
your support because like I said as much
work as I put into my videos as much as
I upload as long as I add it none of
that shit would have mattered not one
bit if you guys weren't enjoying it if
you guys weren't commenting if you guys
weren't subscribing if you guys weren't
liking none of this would ever matter so
as much as it is you know my
accomplishment or or all congrats to me
for 900k it's just as much you guys if
not more like you guys played an even
bigger part in getting me 900k than I
did like I'll never I don't know I can
never thank you guys enough because like
I said there's not enough words that can
describe how grateful I am for you guys
there's not even enough actions that I
could do even if I give back all my
heart and give back as much as I could
to each and every single subscriber out
there that has ever watched me I still
wouldn't feel like that's enough I want
to give back as much as I could and once
I finish school you know once I kind of
clear my schedule a bit I promise you
guys remember this video I promise to
you guys and once I clear my schedule
once I finish school and get a little
less busy I'm going to give back to all
you guys as much as I possibly could
I've met you know I have 910 911
thousand subs I've met a couple hundred
maybe even a thousand I've met a lot you
know sometimes I'll do like a little
meet-and-greet at the mall not
technically but I'll just say I'm going
down for people to show up I met a lot
at the fair I've met a lot of my own
home the feeling I've said this before
and I'll say it again the feeling that
you guys get when you mean
mean you know you guys come up oh my god
I'm so happy this is crazy I can't
believe it's actually you
I get that feeling I'm just like word
like you're this excited to meet me what
have I done like all this like I love
meeting you guys and you know what my
dream is
my dream is to me each and every single
subscriber that has ever watched any of
my videos that would be my ultimate
dream that would be my like like I could
say I would die happy if I were to be
able to meet each and every single
person who's ever liked my videos who's
ever watched my videos who's ever hit
that subscribe button like I just wanna
I love it's it's crazy to me that's what
I hate when I meet like an NBA player
and they're kind of like douche bags or
dicks I hate it one like I'll see a
big-time youtuber and they're kind of
like cocky because who are we
we're human we're regular people I don't
care just because you're in the NBA just
cuz you're in the NFL or just cuz you're
a youtuber with 10 million subs no I'm
not doing ice in my veins stay humble at
the end of the day everybody who dies is
still gonna be underground everyone who
dies is still gonna be in a coffin
everybody is still human with the same
body parts like you you can't wake up
thinking you're any better than anybody
else and an adviser's and you can't wake
up thinking you're any worse than
anybody else but I'm talking about
because I'm not trying to sound cocky
but 910,000 subs is not a little and it
would it could be easy for me to you
know start having a little ego and easy
for me to start buying all these
expensive clothes and looking down on
people who are fucking like wearing
regular clothes it could be easy for me
to stop going to my public gym and get a
private like like no fuck that I don't
support that I hate when people get big
and they switch up I hate when people
get big and they stop being humble I
wake up every single day and the first
thing I remember the first thing I tell
myself stay humble without you guys
there wouldn't be any me what like what
do I do I pick up a camera and make
videos I have no right to have an ego I
have no right to walk around looking
down on people I pick a camera up and
walk around record
myself that's it I hate when like stay
humble okay that's all it is you you
like don't don't get it twisted okay I
might be I might have a lot of YouTube
subs but that does not mean shit there's
the Internet and there's the real world
and in the real world everybody is the
same okay everyone's the same and like I
just I don't know where I'm going with
this it just irritates me when like
people believe like oh just because or
like they'll meet me and they'll be like
dude you're actually so nice and I don't
like that because why do you have to say
you're actually so nice I'm supposed to
be nice like what I show on camera what
I show on my videos
that's not fake that's how I am in real
life like guys I really don't know where
I'm going with this I just want to close
it out by saying 900k and and still
rising the road to 1 mil I know I'm
gonna hit 1 mil soon which is it there's
not a lot of people who tell themselves
I know I'm gonna hit 1 million YouTube
subscribers it's insane and it's crazy
and I could truly say that I worked my
butt off for this I I lose sleep I've
cut sleep completely out of my schedule
sometimes I wake up throwing up because
I'm so just exhausted and tired you know
yesterday I slept at 11:45 p.m. and that
was the first time the first time in
months that I fell asleep before
midnight the first time in months that I
fell asleep and I didn't have to edit
because like I double uploaded yesterday
even I go on vacation I bring my laptop
I record edit and upload I just want to
give a huge thank you to all you guys
and not with words this is coming from
my heart like I said and I'll say it
again this whole everything I talk about
is coming from my heart nothing was made
up nothing was scripted nothing was
bullshit I just wanted to do this and
for all those people who think like
they're nothing in this world just
because oh I want to be a youtuber but I
only have 2 or 3 subscribers no guys
like just keep doing what you do I can I
can truly say that from the from the
moment I made one YouTube's
I have one youtube subscriber to the
moment I have 910,000 I didn't switch up
one bit what did I start doing when I
started YouTube I love basketball I will
talk basketball what do I do now on
every single vlog there's one way or
another or another I incorporate
basketball the Suns all these NBA
players I have a whole channel
separating my NBA channel where I still
talk about basketball
I haven't switched up the style of my
vlogs I haven't switched up the way I
act the way I thought I mean a button
clothes for the love of God I still wear
the same white tees and everything like
to me it's just don't switch up for the
fame don't switch up for the money stay
humble is the biggest thing is that once
you start getting an eagle once you
start waking up thinking you're better
than everyone else just because of a
couple of social media followers that's
when you start to lose it all that's
when you start going back that's when
everything starts going downhill I wake
up every single day stay humble at the
end of the day everyone who dies is
still going to be underground it's just
like crazy so thank you guys so much for
enjoying my videos even if you don't
enjoy them thank you so much for
supporting me by clicking them cuz I
know myself some of my videos are boring
but there are people who say like and I
respect it they say hey Brandon this
videos kind of boring but I'll drop a
lot just as I like you thank you for
that because you don't have to if I
don't like a video I wouldn't watch it
so thank you guys so much you've got me
where I am today and without you guys
there would not be a 900k celebration
there would not be any of this so from
the bottom of my heart from from the
bottom of my whole body up thank you so
much I apologize if you didn't like this
video I felt like double uploading
yesterday kind of made up for a speaking
video like today just remember you're
not any worse or any better than anybody
else just because of a couple followers
on social media or a couple extra money
that doesn't mean anything
so thank you guys and remember this
video for in a couple years I want to
give back to everybody I want to give
back to everybody who's ever helped me
and I'm not talking giving money back
I'm not just talking you know liking
tweets I want to give back in every
single way that I could I'm lucky enough
and blessed enough to be put in a
position where I could give back so I'm
gonna take advantage of it so
once again thank you guys so much for
your support special thank you to my
family and my girlfriends for all the
extra support and my two best friends
Ollie and Jordan
every little bit matters like I said if
I wake up and I'm down or if I wake up
and I'm not just not feeling it you know
you wake up some of those days for no
reason you're just feeling kind of down
and I read a comment or a tweet saying I
love you bro oh my gosh you're an
inspiration I'm automatically smiling
like this is what I love to do and I
never realized it I started recording
outside my house instead of NBA shows I
love talking and be able like this isn't
this what I love to do I love making
YouTube videos I love making people
happy and I'm gonna keep doing it for as
long as I could so guys once again thank
you so much for 900,000 subs I apologize
for the beard like this is I'm telling
you guys I'm gonna look back in a couple
of weeks or a couple days be like why
the fuck did I just shave I look ugly
but anyways guys thank you so much thank
you for sticking with my channel despite
all the stupid jokes that aren't even
funny
despite all the sexual comments despite
all the videos where I'm literally just
sitting my woman I don't even go out and
vlog like despite all the freaking like
this channel is not perfect okay this
channel is not perfect you guys have
every single reason to leave you guys
had every reason to leave and the fact
that you guys stick with me is insane
thank you guys so much and if I can
promise one thing like I don't want to
spoil anything I don't wanna you know
like drop any hints but I'm gonna drop a
big hint you guys like vlogs you guys
like skits you guys like challenges you
guys love the pranks
I'm expanding this channel even moreso
than that I'm trying new things so far
you know what I'm trying to I'm trying
them right here but eventually they're
gonna be tried right here on the camera
and they're gonna be uploaded right here
on YouTube so right now I got all these
things going on in my head thinking of
new ideas planning out new ideas and
right now they're staying in my head but
just know sooner or later they're gonna
be coming out on the camera they're
gonna coming out on YouTube they're
gonna be out on snapped if you guys
didn't like
I love you guys I love you guys so much
sorry babe I love you guys okay I love
my girlfriend too but I love you guys so
much and I appreciate all the support
ever gone from you guys from a simple
life to a simple comment to anything
more than that and just thank you I'm
gonna go now because I could talk
forever about this I could talk forever
about how much this means to me but I
know you guys are probably in fact
listen if you guys are still awake
at this point of the video if you're
still watching at this point of the
video please go go get yourself fucking
20 cookies because right now at this
point of the video I expect everybody to
be exactly like this this is what I
expect with with drool dripping down all
the way to your toes well yeah so thank
you so much I'm gonna continue putting
in as much work as I could I'm gonna
continue putting out dope vlogs that you
guys love I'm gonna continue just just
keep doing what I doing what I'm doing
and then some I'm gonna keep working as
hard as I could and then some you can't
ever be content I don't care if I hit
nine hundred and ten thousand subs and a
bunch of people tell me dude you're so
lucky I'll be so happy with that no I
don't care if I hit 1 million 2 million
3 million I'm never gonna stop trying to
get bigger I'm never gonna stop trying
hard I know people who get big whether
that be celebrity whether that be a
fleet whether that be youtubers and they
kind of stop trying you know oh I
already got my fan base I don't need to
try that hard Oh people are gonna watch
my videos anyways I'll need to try and
know once you get content once you get
kind of sat on ok I'm happy with my
place in life no you got it that's when
everything starts going downhill that's
when we start going to shake every time
no matter what you do no matter what you
accomplish you look up and think oh well
what can I do that can get me even
higher every time you do something big
and your family congratulate to your
friends congratulate you you say thank
you and then you immediately the next
day turn ok well what can I do to earn
this congratulations again what's the
next step up
you're never content don't ever be sold
off like oh well I did this pretty good
so I'm just gonna sit here no say I did
this pretty good and I love that feeling
so what can I do to make it even better
like I'm gonna keep trying my I'm gonna
everything I do I try
put extra everything I do and then I say
but what can I do to make this better
there's been so many times where I
finished editing a vlog and I'll watch
it over and I'll be like wait but this
wasn't good enough and I try to add some
things and I try to trend like I know
people who oh let me just finish this
vlog and upload it okay I'm done for the
day
no like I keep a busy life and I keep
this going for you guys and I'm done
talking I love you guys all thank you
guys so much for 900 K wrote - 1 mil for
wat suan keep doing what you guys are
doing and I love you guys all ok you
guys aren't any worse than anybody else
I love you guys all equally guys I had
to say one last thing but rather than
saying it on camera I had to switch to
my laptop because this webcam the
quality so bad that it actually hides my
tears so thank God because I actually
get emotion like else I started to get
emotional which is why I ended the video
that was 24 minutes long I could have
made it five hours long but I have to
stop I don't want to cry on camera but
this webcam kind of hide your tears so
if I do cry it's ok I just wanted to say
that on top of reminding myself to stay
humble on top of reminding myself how
lucky I am to be put in a position to
make people's days and make people happy
I also want to tell you guys that I
never take for granted what I'm able to
do like like I wake up and when I hear
oh thanks for making the video I just
want to say thank you for watching like
a lot of people make videos no one says
you have to watch mine and you guys
still watch myself thank you guys so
much um it's just like just like now I
tweeted I was like I was like I double
uploaded yesterday because I know a lot
of you guys don't like to watch a
straight thank you video so I feel like
that makes up for and a lot of people
are like no we like every video even a
thank you video so thank you guys for
that like you could have easily been
like oh dude you're so boring why would
you make a video just thanking us that's
so lazy all that but instead you guys
give me the feedback that just brings me
up and any human any human if they
here's good they hear positive things
they see positive comments you get
brought up like so just thank you guys
so much thank you so much for everything
there's multiple different things I can
pin this on but just remember this is
all on you guys I love you guys thank
you so so much for everything you guys
have helped me through and everything
that you guys support me through
just know that I wake up every day
reminding myself and just remembering
how lucky I am and there's not many
people on this world on this earth who
are put in a position like me and are
lucky enough to be just just you guys
know what I mean so thank you so much
and I love you guys all just remember
that guys wait hold on one last thing
first of all why the hell do I have a
damn ant farm on my face but so I'm
about to edit this video and I just got
one other tweet it shows exactly what
I'm talking about
how I can be like a role model
inspiration this guy on Twitter I follow
him his name is Big Boss he said I have
to thank you in January I weighed 240
and I was fed up with my way you
inspired me to go to gym and now I'm 163
thank you the dude lost 80 pounds just
from me showing myself go to a gym in my
vlog or just by saying oh I love the gym
and people look up to me so much where
they're like oh he loves going to gym I
want to go to gym too and now I inspired
someone who pretty much life-changing
you lose 80 pounds not only that's not
only healthy on the outside you look
better but that's mentally like like
mentally when you feel like you look
good it changes so much like it's just
simple things like that or when people
I'm not sure how serious they are or if
they're joking I don't know why they
would joke about this but when people
say and this is actually sad to hear but
because it's just a sad situation every
obviously anytime someone is feels
they're pushed so far to the edge where
they feel like killing themselves it's
just sad but when people comment like Oh
bro I was actually thinking about
suicide then I found your channel and
you brought me live or dude I was
thinking about killing myself and and
I'm like I mean that just makes me feel
so blessed like like I stopped a death
like just five minutes just by being
myself just by not even being fake just
by picking up a camera and doing what I
do every day in my whole life the only
difference is now I have a camera to my
face like this instead of doing it
without a camera and I saved lives like
honestly makes me want to like I don't
want to say cry but it just makes me
feel so like I don't know it's so
heartwarming so like I don't I don't
feel like like for me I try to make my
videos really raw
and not to not too many transit I don't
want to make it feel like a movie I want
to make it feel like more raw and and
less you know special editing less
special effects less music background
music less crazy transitions I try to
make it as raw as I could because I feel
like that makes the audience feel like
they're watching a regular video instead
of a movie and I feel like that makes
them look at the youtuber which in this
situation is mean more as a friend
instead of oh dude that youtuber is so
cool I feel like it makes it makes them
feel more closer to the youtuber aka me
I feel like it it makes you think of us
as homies instead of oh wow I'm watching
a famous guy so I like to keep my vlogs
really under edited and really not too
many crazy effects because like I said I
try to target the audience and I feel
like the audience feels way more
connected and way more like we're
friends rather than they're watching
like a celebrity when they watch my
videos so just thank you guys I'm not
I'm out
