I got this
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can say that it feels right
say that it feels right yeah I get you
like a really big set of tourists then
I'm just like what is she done from your
recent lease I didn't get to the big one
there nothing there to go ah ah I'm like
wait we're actually home we're going to
be home alone I cannot impress you like
it's gonna be home alone so I have to go
into the single and make you mad so I
mean fair enough mm-hmm I'm surprised
guys look who's here first daily cock
block oh no Bosley you literally are
trash that's how you go in the trash I'm
gonna joke look guys look how weird it
is that when I actually be nice to
pawsley pawsley you sue hey I'm just
gonna say Bosley you're so cute I love
you so much oh my god no no your body is
that how you're supposed to talk to dogs
Leslie oh my gosh you're so cute I just
want to eat you and fucking fuck you
Bosley oh my gosh Bosley just yawn and
fucking grass it smells like yours no
but really like cuz is this very
supposed to talk to dogs for them to
like you
Bosley oh my god you soap you give me a
big fat kiss see he still doesn't like
me when I do that Bosley actually likes
my tattoo Bosley okay it's not your
tattoo what Bosley doctor you got a
tattoo I want to get him a tattoo that's
a robot Bosley just sneeze all over my
fucking knee Wow
I want to get Bobby a tattoo right here
that says broadest family picture we
check yourself that's Bodley ever
fucking smile thank you yes
wait pose how the picture was guys it's
like deja vu
she's donating me one rose I'm gonna
name it
blood Booker actually blood book blood
book you just plant me on ah thanks man
thank you
did you tell you sighs you fuckin left a
thorn in there
you left it I know I left you all the
thorns right n my real life on a poked
your heart and fingers I need to make
sure you're clean stop babe okay what is
wrong with you you can't actually do
that hey real quick stop you know her
favorite thing to do is say okay truths
and then fucking do it right away okay
you gave me the flowers so give it to me
have you ever seen okay our universe
teen when people like spit on their hand
and go like this yeah I do too all the
time well you never notice no way
hey guys this is my favorite sport
actually basketball just to cover up but
guys I did that to her so now she so now
she's making me either she does it to me
or I do it to myself
no I'll do it to myself don't push if
you push it down I swear to god don't
put you down oh it hurt I said I did it
no yeah I did what do you mean no watch
it I'll start bleeding in a couple
minutes
hotdogs or legs Oh mine is a burn hot
dog fucking corn dog
me with uh with relish yeah the green
thing okay can you massage my back now
no what I'm not getting a two-month
suspension no I don't want two months
suspension yeah well we don't want
things okay you'll see you would see
that it's a boy card and I'll tell you
that I'm gonna give you a baby boy but I
haven't said in a while so that's why I
won't remember I do want a boy imagi
house with a girl
well so is our daughter gonna have a
round I mean it's our kid gonna have a
really round head let's hope not well if
you're oh my god imagine the nose
holy shit
I'm gonna have to homeschool my son
imagine my okay my nose is literally a
Dorito chip
Jackie's nose and yeah
so imagine the nose and a really round
head cuz of Jackie and what else at
least okay so they would have they would
have straight teeth from me and you they
would have well I had braces too but but
I think braces clear the genetics like
it just turns over they're gonna have a
I don't know our kid is actually gonna
be ugly we're just gonna have to take
really good like nurture him and make
him really happy let's just hope it's a
girl I guess and come on she can wear
makeup
Padres that's my hometown team San Diego
Padres is jake peavy son on the Padres
that's like the last time I watched a
fucking game or Adrian Gonzales guys
look how childish she is no she's trying
to hit me with the nod with the night uh
what do you call in Spanish it starts
with ch okay stop hey don't no I did not
I hit your ass with the sandal that
doesn't that's a sexual act it's not a
painful one yeah could you chase me with
the thorn oh there are you done being
childish why I mean your butt
I want you to tweet I love my girlfriend
she's a hottest girl I've ever seen my
whole entire plan you're supposed to be
on mine why are you talking yeah
I'm not being rude you wore the shirt
you have to follow the rules
that's like me weighing about that's
like me wearing a basketball jersey and
playing baseball
maybe I'm just gonna talk to the Baron
over there he just seems nicer quiet
you'll look like him
haha you actually look like am I sure
that's not a drawing of you is it me are
you stop that's old you got that hours
ago it's dairy you're not supposed to
drink it and it wasn't in the fridge
because want to tell how soon Dean it's
um into my face right you're hot ten ten
ten hotness no I usually in denomination
will you give me a back massage fight
wheat oh okay hold on guys will do after
tweet yeah I love my girlfriend she's
still like 10 pages she's so hot
guys you see it so cute I love the way
she dresses
I love okay guys so I I tweeted let's
see if she likes let's see if she likes
what I tweeted should I post this I can
get my back massage you put that on
there no I didn't put in the block so
should I tweet that or no yeah
why what's so bad you said guys I
tweeted babies back massage time Oh what
what do you mean no I said I love my
girlfriend so much no that was a those a
parenthesis walk a block boy oh my gosh
look you didn't even fit oh look thank
God another one
someone else favorited it because you
interested in this week is spam
I love my girlfriend so much she's so
hot I love everything about her what's
so bad about that I get a back massage
if I tweet this shout-out to Matt the
Knicks fan for favoriting it cuz it came
up on my screen Matt the Knicks fan
shout-out Matt the Knicks fan Matt the
Suns fan it needs to change to that
though guys so I'm scrolling through
Twitter and I see Michael Green aka
angry grandpa son posted a YouTube video
kid behind the camera post a youtube
video mate he made in and out burgers at
home well guess what he has a loved you
of making them at home cuz he knows how
to cook I don't so babe let's go to in
and out please I didn't even watch his
video all I saw was a picture what's my
mom's favorite word to call you in
Chaldean no smarta say it totally
dumbass no I mean like donkey or idiot I
don't know yeah yeah all I saw was the
thumbnail and I'm and I want to go get
in and out know shout out kid behind the
camera and shout our grandpa he would
probably break my TV if he was here I've
actually if he wants to feel free angry
grandpa come here break my TV it'd be an
honor it would be an odd no he can break
both it would be an honor angry grandpa
please I'm begging AGP to break no not
break my arm she wants him to break my
arm I'm begging him to break my TV it
would be an honor
anger grandpa okay keep laughing keep
laughing I'm not we're not eat getting
food anymore guys
she says back massage okay that means
back massage okay sorry don't touch my
ass that's my job hey that's right okay
that's my job that's like you go into
work and you work your co-workers job I
do
oh no no no no okay guys I got asked my
girlfriend what she thinks about the
tragedy of my goatee accidentally coming
off too much and then the ant farm on my
face first of all do you miss the goatee
cuz I do yeah cuz I like going like this
when you're in trouble yeah no we okay I
can't what do you think of the ant farm
should I shave it or let it grow in and
match the beard I mean the goatee mmm I
like it but honestly if you shaved it
like either way would look good no but I
look like a baby if I just have this
this short no okay next what were you
asking for how many kisses that if I
gave you three hundred kisses my mouth
will be on your kisses yeah but I don't
want cottonmouth I'll get caught up like
me yeah I do see if I give you three
hundred kisses my mouth will only be
Sahara Desert okay so there's my wife
okay where are we gonna eat in an hour
islands in a nap really mm-hmm
nice socks I told you people that match
socks are like-minded okay so I'm
weak-minded as fuck oh shit tomatoes I
only have oh shit okay it's not potatoes
we're about to eat potatoes french fries
okay let's go and we lag so much guys so
I Jack Jackie lives literally neighbors
right across from my first cousins for
years my first cousins there they live
in the same like right across what did
your sister just sex you just sent me a
text saying Brendan's cousins or
whatever earlier AF airplane
tell your sister she's a what were you
looking at in the mirror I saw you who's
here
who the fuck bro why is there a fan here
it's fucking like 10 p.m.
blasting music bro the shit so fucking
annoying like fuck this is our home this
is private property it's not right that
we can't even leave our own home this
happens on a daily basis every single
day every day multiple times
they were god there's like six people
this is not right this is not okay okay
there were people a couple hours ago
there were people this morning there
were there's people right now all day
oh no they're outside but what is in and
out known for no I mean the bad thing
the long line
I hope the line isn't long literally no
matter when you go to in and out no
matter what day no matter what time the
line is always ridiculously long so
we're trying to eat guys me and Jackie
are actually like so tired over the past
three days past three nights I've slept
the combined eight hours
I slept two hours one night two hours
another night and then I got three hours
of sleep last night oh thank god three
hours I don't know why it's just been so
hard for me to fall asleep it's not
necessarily the editing cuz I'll finish
my editing and then I stay awake for a
while
and it's just like really annoying and
then Jackie - she has no excuse she just
stays up late but it's I'm like so tired
right now and it's not even ten o'clock
it's weird so my body needs some rest I
feel exhausted I feel like I'm gonna
fall asleep while I'm eating the damn
burger and I've just got my face is
gonna fall into the play of ketchup and
fries and I'm gonna break out babe I
feel fuckin ant crawling
you're supposed to take control the
wheel from checking for ants that's a
number-one rule of driving that's the
number one thing they check for when you
take your license test the instructor
forces you to like of the wheel and then
trail is in China morning hi yeah guys
we're both exhausted like I can't even
talk I'm gonna fall asleep and I'm on my
way to babe I feel a fucking insect on
me and I don't know where what it is I
know I am actually a cockroach guys need
to stop coming stop going to end and now
look at the line babe why are we still
eating this or no look at this shit look
hold on wait huh no babe we're gonna
fall if we go to Applebee's look inside
look inside
holy shit look ins God it's like 10:00
p.m. hold on and look at this line look
it turns around so here's where it
starts okay so you saw all this and then
it goes around the whole thing look at
this oh babe it's like it's lay what are
people doing oh man now we have to
settle for some fake shit like Carl's
jr. McDonald's guys holy baby my god
look even out look even outside is all
packed
babe it's Saturday I don't care what the
fuck and then I was overhyped it's good
but it's not this good fuck all you guys
I'm out because we had settle for dim
God we had settle for damn Carl's jr.
and then I was whack
guys look at cheap-ass Carl's jr. so
don't ever buy food from Carl's jr. ever
again look at this we asked for a honey
mustard one one honey mustard for
literally two burgers two fries and
chicken nuggets or chicken stars then
they pull all this food in one bag when
she was giving it to me it literally
ripped the bag was gonna rape and all
the food was gonna fall but I had to
grab it one bag for all here and send me
honey mustard to my next peel box
opening please guys my girlfriend is so
stingy about her food
she's so stingy about her food babe I
want a piece of Cinnabon why not your
own no I only want the one that you eat
from hmm
come on I share my whole life with you
you can't share a Cinnabon you share one
thing no I show more I share more than
that yeah wow she actually let me get
something done because the cameras on
yeah I'm gonna go I want more no past
three days I've been sleeping out like
five or six in the morning I'm gonna
sleep right fucking now I can't even
talk anymore babe I'm losing my mind
and here you are eating a damn Cinnabon
okay but I can't talk cuz I'm so worried
we just say Carl jr. what do you mean
you're hungry why are you bigger okay
you can't eat all of that
try me have you seen my lotion oh man
you already know this late at night get
the lotion get on the bed babe you know
what the lotion is used for this late at
night
it's usually used for when you're not
here but even if you hear our sauce to
do it it's a little lower than your back
but that's how what I'm talking about
no it has nothing to do with you babe
I've been doing it every night for like
three or four days you know guys you put
the lotion on your kit you got to do it
every night before you sleep what were
you thinking naughty hmm what were you
thinking
I'm editing and my mom and dad called me
downstairs they said they made me
breakfast they said in honor of 900k
they made me a special breakfast okay if
it's one thing for sure I smell bacon
for sure
that explained what's on the menu
there's a buffet three sauces one eggs
another jelly jam Sara
where's Sara Sara Bobby John Papa
cinnamon buns another thanks dad thanks
mom look
Thank You thanks look out of all this my
mom chooses to just eat one pancake can
you ask some Jan okay there's more food
available mom mom has my mom is paranoid
about a la her way for no reason doesn't
care
okay imagine if you think you're fat
imagine Bosley Bosley his belly it
literally almost touches the floor
Bosley want to go for a walk what do you
know more fans the next day hey why does
it happen
dad congratulate me for the video please
okay my dad doesn't know I hit 900k mom
for 900k can you please go get me and
Jackie in and out yeah of course not mom
wait first of all I swear Jackie has the
same shirt but hers has sleeves on it
she was wearing it yesterday yeah okay
but can you please can you please get us
in and out please for a present for my
900k look at this no no okay please
please mom congratulate
thank you thanks mom guys I want to give
a huge huge thank you to all you guys
for 900k but instead of doing that on
this video I'm gonna make a whole
separate video thanking you guys so much
so for now just know thank you I love
you guys all and I'm really a pretty big
so rude I'm really appreciative of this
nine hundred thousand cells and I'm
gonna make a whole separate video later
either tonight or tomorrow okay dad can
you send me the selfies that you and my
mom took at Coronado my dad took my mom
out and he took selfies with her I
didn't even know you knew her selfies
work
guys 900,000 oh no no I'm not gonna get
carried away I'm gonna make a whole
video explain to you guys why I love you
guys so much and how much this means to
me later either tonight or tomorrow
anyways guys you want to know why people
love bro wattage you want to know why
people subscribe to bro wadis 220 plus
minute vlogs in one day where they do
that at bruh wattage does that I had
like a twenty one twenty two minute long
up earlier today and now double uploads
vlog I don't even know how long this is
I'm bout to start editing it but just
enjoy the content enjoy the videos much
love thank you guys so much where they
do that at 220 plus minute vlogs in one
day for what is right here guys as I'm
editing there's more people outside
sending the driveway fog
