I got this
242 million what song Spanish are you
gonna sing no no no no please now stop
hold on there it's 3:00 in the morning
hey hey fuzzy woke up because of the
Spanish music Bosley who's that Bosley
who's that it's Jackie
probably has such a big ass how's it
look at that eye booger
look at that booger you know Bosley
fucked the shower lady today
no way yeah cause they had sex in the
car in the backseat
oh my gosh
fuck nurse Oh fucking saw you first of
all and I still got scared okay what's
in your hand no not the hot ones your
breath is gonna smell bad
okay fine what should I oh my god I
didn't even know we had these what kind
did you get which one should I get
guys look at this damn for variety are
you a fucking NBA player at summer
league yeah it's like 3:00 in the
morning garage garage
see I like Bosley now he actually likes
me I don't know what kind of drugs that
he's on but he's actually nice to me and
he actually goes in the garage the time
buzzer come on you're on the garage
Bosley yeah good boy I'm gonna go in the
garage mm-hmm okay
no stop resisting yeah watch you trip
over that when you leave oh shit oh
solomid
one way through it's not wasted I might
eat them I just want to try the variety
you don't who's drinking soda at 3:00 in
the morning oh so now we're pointing
fingers here yeah
I wanted to try chocolate-chip M&Ms and
and sugar 2001 like someone left their
Carl's jr. on the table by someone it
was actually me but can I die if I eat
chicken from like six hours ago I'm
eating Patrick Starr
he has no dick volume genius on the unit
is yet three in the morning it's mine
now fine here take it
guys why do I literally get starving
hungry after I brush my teeth I
literally just brushed my teeth and I
just had a healthy gourmet meal of
chicken stars rotten and fries to
daughter literally your boobs the two
limes ah that's what I'm saying guys
Jackie said she's hungry so she comes
down and eats the cookies and then I
pulled this out I was like look babe
food salad and she said no I don't want
but she eats cookies and soda yeah I'm
the one who's gonna have a widow soon
cuz of what you eat okay do you want do
you want this but it's closed cuz you
know the moment where you're starving
but it's literally 306 in the morning
and I don't know fun like I don't know
if I II or like sleep like what I feel
like I'm just gonna fall asleep while I
eat you know the past three days I've
gotten eight hours of sleep combined the
past three days eight hours should I eat
or sleep
Oh
guys why am i such an idiot well hold on
hold on hold on because I'm sure you
could give me a million reasons for why
I'm an idiot but why am I such an idiot
in this regard I look first of all look
okay so Jackie's here yeah yeah she's
right there under the basket basketball
hoop okay really quick let me tell you
so about 45 minutes ago Jackie told me
she was gonna come later and I told and
in my head I was gonna go surprise her
I'm gonna go buy flowers just because it
does listen if you're dating someone it
doesn't need to be a special occasion
doesn't need to be a birthday or
anniversary sometimes you could get them
gifts randomly flowers don't hurt you
know some food candy it doesn't hurt so
you know I was just I just felt like it
today I wanted to go get her some
flowers and surprise her for when she
came over my dumb ass got carried away
reading NB articles on my laptop before
you know it I got a text from Jackie
babe I'm here and I'm just like babe I
was like can you go back home like as a
joke actually I wasn't joking and she
was like why and I'm just like so yeah I
pretty much screwed myself over so now I
told her I said I was gonna go get food
food and I mean she's like we can go
babe and I said what you can't come with
me bah bah bah so now it's all fucking
ruined but hold on I'm gonna try to get
myself out of the situation I wanted to
get her flowers
I told her I said oh my god I'm so petty
look I said I said babe I don't feel
good I just want to go get food by
myself and then she said okay all wait
and ice but then now I feel bad guys you
know what I'm gonna go get the fucking
flowers I don't even care anymore I'm
like yeah I don't really feel good I
just want to go grab some food by myself
and I'll be right back can you wait of
course she has to be a good girlfriend
and say yeah I'll wait babe
so now I'll bring her inside she could
wait inside and I'll go get the flowers
damn it I was already supposed to have
them by now but L oh my god I'm wasting
time right now as we speak so I'm gonna
go get some flowers okay I'll bring you
guys along with me why do I have to love
NB articles why do they have to be so
addicting
hey where are my keys great now I forgot
my keys
what kind of flowers should I get her do
they have dandy Ditka Lions whatever the
fuck that's called oh shit my keys right
here okay
I can't leave I'm the maker so all these
just press the price for nothing
Bosley now Bosley woke up okay let's go
see her really quick
hey she's a mime wait hold on let me
roast you really quick first of all you
look like a referee second you look like
a mime do this with your hands and
you're not allowed to talk to me for the
rest of the day why because mimes don't
talk
well our that is out there called right
the ones that wear the paint on their
fucking face all you're gonna wait for
me inside oh can i yeah you could just
don't go through my stuff is this new
she said you just ate how are you hungry
again and I said okay fine you caught me
I'm going to buy a prop so I can make my
NBA video today for my NBA Channel babe
it's a Russell Westbrook video so I need
to buy a prop do you know what that prop
is Kidz Bop Kidz Bop guys isn't it funny
how kids bought before that was just the
name of the CD but now every sell kids a
fucking Bob Bosley you know I was a Bob
Bob Bob Bosley Bosley look do you guys
see his head right there Bosley want to
treat Basel you want to treat come down
you want chicken what yeah I'm click
baiting I'm click baiting Bosley Bob to
come get chicken then when he comes I'm
not gonna give it to him no click click
bait would be to show him the chicken
and then when he finally gets downstairs
it's not actually there ok well I'll be
back just take care of Bosley please
guys I'm a fucking idiot I couldn't
think of anything better oh let me go
get a prop for our Russell Westbrook
video for my NBA Channel what the hell
does that even mean
so ok yeah
an idiot but anyway she's at my house
right now hopefully her and Bosley don't
hook up because Bosley would do
something like that just make me mad
behind you actually no I am sure because
Bosley has see my girl subscribers you
guys know it used to be like the boys
with the nice cup Audis used to get the
girls but now girls I don't know why
they're into like the dad buds
you know dad bought and Bosley has it
Bosley has a perfect dad but like that's
exactly the body Baldy is a bad pun
anyways you have some go-getters from
flowers that that shit was so shady I'm
sure she knows something's up like why
wouldn't I bring her with me to go get a
prom fuck man because San Diego heat
waves this weekend and I forgot to bring
a water bottle fucking dying
guys look at what a dumbass I am just
just understand what a dumbass I am so I
wanted to trim my goatee a little you
know it's getting a little long every
once in a while just trim it cut some
hair is off oh shit comfort
so I just want to trim it cut some hairs
off instead of using scissors I decided
to use the trimmer I got my dad for
Father's Day
okay if you can't tell okay my goatee is
short @hell okay look at this the
lighting is really bad right now but you
guys remember my goatee you know it now
it's super short and like I look ugly
like imagine in just imagine I always
look ugly imagine now okay so what I'm
doing and like you know instead of
taking the L I'm gonna trying to take so
I'm gonna try to do something and might
end up taking the L anyways but at least
I would try so what I'm gonna do now
since how you got the goatee really
short I'm gonna try to kind of grow the
cheeks out okay I'm gonna try to grow
the cheeks out maybe try to grow a
little stubby beard so it could pair up
with the goatee and kind of have a
little something going on all around my
face not a beard beard like James Harden
you don't want to fuck with that but
maybe just a little stubble you know
what I mean so I'm gonna try that if I
end up looking ugly then I'll just
fucking shave this and try to regrow the
goatee out but I just trimmed too much
of the goatee I don't know if you guys
could tell anywhere Jackie just snapchat
me so let's see what she said I'll open
it with you guys oh it might be a new
okay hopefully it's not a nude or else
nine hundred thousand subscribers are
about to see
where was I going man oh yeah a fucking
flows
you
oh I love this sighs don't say you love
me yes you know we all know that you
look now you can see my goatee look
shit's weak but anyway tell them every
time I try to grow a beard it looks like
I have fucking ants have ants crawling
all over my face
look at this and just look like an ant
farm exploded on my damn face
people think I'm so fucking stupid I'm
over this I'm over vlogging I'm not
vlogging anymore guys for those people
who think shaving my goatee was in it or
trimming my goatee too much was an
absolute tragedy you're mistaken because
let me tell you this really quick
oh shit I'm in one way oh shit
okay so uh for those people oh shit comp
today is actually my worst day ever
watch I bet you all the flowers at Vons
are gonna be dead or something
but anyways I've been going this goatee
let me say it for 21 years I've never
shaved this goatee sure I've trimmed it
here and there but that's it just was
with a little bit of scissors
I've been going this my whole life so
when I accidentally trimmed it too much
it was literally like when I was
watching those hairs fall into the sink
or in the shower it was literally like
my heart was pouring into the shower so
hopefully I look good with a beard or
else or not a beard I keep saying beard
but honestly I'm just gonna try to get a
little stubble a little stubble it's
only been a day or two so it'll grow
anymore and then you guys could let me
know what you think if you guys don't
like it and I'll probably just shave it
and try to grow back the goatee but yeah
I was fucking crying
not really actually at once oh well time
in flowers here we are the sunset okay
guys so let me give you the dilemma
really quick so first of all I went
inside of bonds and you know I was I was
looking at the really nice flowers okay
and I'm looking and I'm just like wait
what the hell is Jackie done for me
recently saw it you know I strayed away
from the big ones so then I was looking
at the single roses okay I was about to
get our single rose and I'm looking at
the singles then I remembered I was like
brain blasts like we're gonna be home
alone tonight I can't get our single
rose I need to you know like
we're going to be home alone all night
so I went for the medium ones are not
too nice but not too ugly and look at
this I got her a note it says it's a boy
and then in my writing I wrote Jesus
I wrote this can you read it it says
remember me because when we first
started talking and every time I went to
Vaughn's I'd always tell her that I'm
gonna give her a baby boy to that you
know
so but I haven't told her that in a
while so I bought this card I said
remember me but uh yes I mean I do go in
raw so just go give these through once I
get home yeah and me and Jackie first
started on you know dating uh every time
we came to Vaughn's - it's like right
here every time I would see the sticker
I said it's a boy I would always tell
you know I'm gonna be a baby boy but I
stopped saying that so now I got heard
the card that says it's a boy and I
wrote with a pen saying remember me
oh shit Tomatoes guys she just texted me
saying we're waiting for you I said Who
a lot of our IP goatee
r.i.p goatee hey that rhymes
alright P goatee oh I could chew that
out of a saw game
r.i.p goatee I can make a cheer huh the
cheerleaders I get paid off our no guys
we're almost home
we're almost home bah bah Jackie axe
chance not even if she was a if it
sounded I'm going bitch
thanks even if it sounded fishy that I
wasn't going to get some problem for
Russell as well
there's no I don't think she expects
flowers because it's just so random like
it's not our anniversary it's not
anyone's birthday it's just like a
random thing a random scene of gesture
just Bosley babe did you violate him
when I was gone oh my god Bosley looks
buff Bosley bother you gave her a wedgie
give me five
good boy see me and Bosley are close
Bosley
just the top
hey you the prize against the price
where I have a lot to learn a lot I have
the price on
I'm recording on
Paula Zahn was here the whole time
no I wasn't recording yeah my wife's in
it no I wish god I left the price on
guys I was taking pictures in this
mirror like this one Bosley are you
proposing to me this is to prank
everybody first of all you guys are
fucking rude telling him to do that to
me acting like I wouldn't see it like
I'm gonna know if you ever proposed to
me I'm gonna say no cuz I'm gonna say
it's a prank
getting the flowers lovely oddly here
thanks for the flowers they they're not
for you yeah they are all the year
mostly do you say yes or no you have to
ask him
Oh get on money and give him a treat I'm
actually mad at him right now we
actually got in a fight
Bosley I see you yeah I was going to get
you like a really big set of tourists
that I'm just like what is she done for
me recently exciting it to everyone
they're not going to go oh they're not
going to ah ah like way we're actually
we're going to be homeless I cannot
impress you like so it'll be horrible so
I have to go into the single and making
that so I mean fair enough
mm-hmm I'm surprised thank you I know
you didn't believe me when I said I was
going to
no I did just like okay you're being
weird cuz you're being weird
honestly I thought it was like a costume
and you were embarrassed like what
I'm not they're yours yeah look Bosley
look Basel yeah puzzle you want the
flowers no no of water you mind pretty
stylish no but what did you ask why what
did he do away what did who do what
personal aspect baby he didn't do
anything it was a lie so I can go get
the flowers why would you lie about it I
don't know and I know I don't know world
I honestly don't know Wow literally
what's looking up while you went I was
looking up on my Twitter feed and I
think what's broken nothing
