I got this okay guys who likes to watch
a video confused not me
other than you guys do either who likes
to watch a video where they're like what
the hell is going on not me and I know
you don't either so let me explain to
you what type of video this is going to
be so months and months and months and
even a year ago when a boy named bruh
wat is Brandon Awad it's me started a
YouTube channel and I had a couple
hundred subs and I'll do my little NBA
show you know just talk about basketball
not vlogs not pranks not challenges just
a little old boring Brandon staring
awkwardly and talking awkwardly on
camera I had a couple hundred subs maybe
200 300 Simon I remember he was one of
them one of my biggest fans Simon a
couple months ago I realized how big of
a fan he was one of my first fans one of
my most loyal watches all my videos
multiple times not just once he watches
all my videos multiple times so I
followed him on Twitter follow on
snapchat you know talk to him from time
to time he's a huge huge basketball fan
huge Oklahoma City Thunder fan he lives
up in Seattle Washington
so um followed him you know I talked to
him from time to time he has family in
LA a couple of weeks ago he he DM me
he's like hey bro LA if you guys it
knows to two and a half hours up from
here from San Diego where I live he DM
he's like hey bro not to bother you like
I know you're a really busy guy but I'm
coming down to LA to visit family is
there any way I can see you casinos I
live in San Diego and I said bro what
kind of question is that of course you
could see me you could bring your
brother bring whoever you want will you
spend the day together and he was to say
the least he was ecstatic he was excited
he always snapped out to me like
watching my videos he snapchat to me
like quotes from my videos he's a really
became 17 years old and when I say big
fan like like bro the dude is like like
I seen as a friend and I never met him
before so a couple weeks ago he told me
is coming down here I told him we could
chill Friday so tomorrow is the day you
know he texted me I gave him my number
you texted me see he just tweeted to me
he's coming down and I'm a drop what I
had planned
I'm gonna drop everything I was going to
do for tomorrow Friday and I'm gonna
hang out with Simon he said he's
bringing his brother he might be
bringing his cousin too
I said bro bring whoever you want my BIR
watching my videos come through so I'm
not sure what we're gonna do yet but I'm
gonna spend the day with this guy so I'm
excited to meet him he's really excited
to meet me he told me were shaking just
just knowing it so on let's do this I
can't wait to meet him Simon brother his
brother's name is Justin I'm not sure
what it's cousin I think this cousin's
name was Noah and I can't wait to meet
you guys so speed it up I want to see
you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow a
lot like it's so easy to for me to be
able to make somebody's day just by
favoring the tweet just by liking one of
their pictures I'll take every
opportunity to make somebody's day so
when I have a chance like this
what am I tell you I have nine hundred
thousand subs nearly right now he was
with me in the first couple hundred yeah
but it's not even about that just the
fact that if someone who looks up he
wants to come down hang out I'm not
going to say no so it's just I'm blessed
to be able to be to be able to have the
chance to make somebody's day and
possibly even make their life so of
course I was going to say yes I was
gonna say no first time ever talking to
him let me talk to him except for like
Twitter
yeah yeah what's up dude oh my god I'm
good how about you can't much mark
yeah I was trying I was gonna call you
yesterday but I was super busy I just
forgotten and I was gonna call you every
yeah no I was gonna call you earlier
today like right now but I was trying to
pick a selfie from my laptop for which
one to post
no I just got your text right now so I
just told you so what time are you gonna
win yeah okay well what I wanted to do
initially I want to play basketball I
got the gym but I just got this tattoo
yesterday and like I guess you're not
supposed to like sweat on there
obviously like if people slap it or hit
it people play like idiots down at the
gym so on I mean I don't think we could
do that but I'll figure something out
and Solomon I'll try to wake up early
and then because I want you to get the
rental car and go somewhere and just
wait around so I'll just be awake so
that by the time you drive down here
I'll already be up we go like chill and
then just go we I'll find something to
do like alright and then I'll be
vlogging - so you can be in my vlog but
yeah I mean I need to pick this selfie
right now because I have too many
options I'd like 20 options okay so yeah
initial plan with Simon want to play
that follow them but I just got this
done and they say Baba you know don't
don't sweat heavily on it and if you're
going to play basketball people are
obviously going to slap at you and you
dribble a ball ball ball ball so we'll
see we're going to do we're going to
make plans but I'm actually excited to
me and dudes a super loyal fan I follow
them on Twitter a while back and now
we're meeting up so it's been exactly
two hours since my phone call with Simon
hardest thing on earth
the hardest thing okay let me put a
shirt on before all the comments do
you're trying to show off sorry that I'm
shirtless in my own home in California
in the middle of the summer where it's
hot as hell sorry that I'm sure listen
in my own home because you know
everyone's going to comment dude you're
such a show up show off for a while I'm
not even strong I got fucking skinny boy
adzick picking a picture to post on
scream is the hardest thing ever so I
texted Simon I was like yo you want to
pick the Instagram picture for me so now
I sent him
literally a bunch of selfies and he's
picking which one I should post fam love
see you give the fans entertainment by
putting videos also that they could
watch and they help you back in return
let's see what selfie pigs
I'm telling you right now I'm not even
kidding it for the past two hours I've
been trying to pick which selfie
actually post on Instagram I'm so picky
when it comes to that shit I hate it
takes so long cause damn near seven
o'clock and I still haven't picked a
picture yet I'm actually so stupid but
my girlfriend hipster your phone right
there oh shit let me go to her phone see
just joking
but I already do that on my own time off
camera but my girlfriend she looks so
hot right now cuz she came back from a
job interview so she was like she looked
beautiful we'll see her I can never ever
find the right word just there's no way
this is real life there's no telling
you're the right girl so I can only say
that it feels right
the main one involves social media what
selfie yes mama I've been I've know
taking the selfie took me like an hour
but trying to figure out which one to
post it was since four o'clock now it's
seven almost okay there are we taking
picture uh yeah we are your LT boy on
this I don't like the lightning I don't
like that I know you guys I don't want
to record too much for my laptop webcam
because it's literally potato quality
but I just want to show you guys some
time right now look oh wait
it's fucking backwards okay hold up 5:05
in the damn morning 505 and I'm so awake
I'm fucking tired I haven't slept yet
mom are you excited to meet Simon and
his brother his guys actually look like
shit I just woke up she can't hear my
voice just soaked up ten o'clock but I
gotta edit so and there's no way I'm
gonna be done by the time you come he's
gonna touch down at like 11 or 11:30 so
you know it takes me longer to edit a
video I'm probably gonna have him come
over and watch me edit so like I said
this guy's a huge fan he's been watching
my videos since way away before way
before so I have no problem letting him
in and having him watch me edit so we'll
see what we're gonna do but I'm - sorry
I didn't really quick why don't I save
everything to the last minute everything
I saved to the last minute everything
quick few things to say first of all I
need to it's only fair I wear a white
t-shirt if I don't wear a white t-shirt
I'm scared he won't even recognize me so
I have to wear a white tee
could you imagine one of my biggest fans
watching me every day every single day
in my NBA channel in my main channel and
I and he shows up and I'm not in a white
tee
you wouldn't even recognize Bob Wallace
he would be like oh hey rug I'm here to
see bro Wallace and I'd be like it's me
bro
but anyway so he just sick wait someone
just got here oh okay those are random
other fans I thought he got here but I
guess the perk I text him I was like hey
so do you want the address and he's like
I think we can find the address because
it's fucking leap but anyways on Simon
your brother
your grandpa from Seattle San Diego
welcome I'm sure the weather is much
different down here in Daigle than it
did in Seattle up in Washington welcome
I appreciate you guys coming and we can
get this vlog started so you guys are
all going to meet Simon I haven't met
him in real life either but we're all
going to meet him okay guys it just text
me saying he's here oh there's a there's
a rental car I had to make sure it was
actually him instead of a random fan I'm
not gonna barge the camera in his face
right away so we'll let him get in and
then I'll bring the camera out come on
let's go they're here yeah they're here
they want to see you too good boy
this is how you're supposed to go down
the stairs easy not fast oh oh oh my god
I fell too soon oh yeah I said that
every single day okay first Simon I'm
sorry what's up how's it going guys this
is all timeout he's been with me since
when my NBA show like yeah way back I
suppose yeah right around so shut up and
show them your shorts okay she okay see
it if you guys want to check out the
video on my MPA channel I'm gonna let
him take over my NBA channel give you
know you guys know my reaction my
plastic ender and leaving how about we
can hear from the actual Oklahoma City
Thunder fan I'm excited to hear that so
if you guys want to see that's gonna be
on my NBA Channel we have his brother
here you can hear ourselves
I'm Justin he's more of a baseball guy
have Seattle Mariners yeah and we got
their little cousin I had no idea he was
coming it's exact and it was your name
Bank yeah he's down here for comic-con
so way to go good camera oh yeah my
mom's here too so they're gonna meet my
mom they met Bryan Matt Bosley who's
literally giving us a dead stare right
now yeah
yeah so they're gonna wait for me to
Eddie I'm gonna try to make it quick and
then we're gonna try to find something
to do obviously San Diego was so
overhyped if you don't love the beach
you're going to struggle to find
something to do but we'll do it so shout
out to them thank you guys for coming
down I know I'll just come down no
you're welcome
oh yeah shout out to their grandpa he'll
see ya man about their grandpa I was
sweating about so scared meeting it was
like meeting Jackie's but yes we're
going to meet my mom and I'll keep going
with this vlog so you guys would be kept
up with what we do today hi
but anyway so I heard his brother he was
like oh do you want to give him the
stuff and I'm like trying to eat you up
cuz I knew was for me and I'm like oh
what's up so I have them give it to me
on camera okay this Isaiah Thomas signed
a sons picture and of course it's a god
I loved as a and Phoenix I loved that
the album now we tried to print this I
won her thank you so much you know him
in person and got this signed it's not
like bought off either anything send me
a picture and everything yeah and then
we got a mess a couple months ago
brought us on Jersey my family still
thinks so crazy bro this is I think you
guys are crazy thank you so much yeah
tell them what the 12 is 401 for Devin
Booker to for a quad chef and 12 for TJ
Warren yeah on the back guys thank you
look they actually got me a customized I
don't know if it's the right size with
the go thank you so much yeah first guys
oh my god okay I'm first you're gonna
hang this up on my wall this is either
going up on my wall or one to where
that's crazy
what should I do with this one I don't
know any party guys feel free to take a
little longer ya know there's it there
that is place like 45 minutes out from
our house it just has so many autograph
signings really yeah okay hold on first
of all do you notice how I wouldn't walk
like this yeah
where's the tripod it broke oh my god
romantic
wait guys look like mom what kind of dog
you guys have dad they'd have Bosley but
the hit theirs is older frankly walk
downstairs
you owe me it's like we can't see the
door walk enjoy your anyway look right
on the right debit so walking her there
he poops and you can't see it when he
step on it yeah I know Bosley rubs eye
boogers what do you put Franklin in the
garage oh really you start to say it oh
ok guys so I ordered on wings and things
and we're about to go pick it up on out
you guys are gonna sit in my car ok guys
look how hot Bosley it's time to get his
bath Bosley you want to go you want to
go by Stephanie and get a bath the
girl's name Bosley actually likes her
know like Bosley wants to do stuff with
her so that's my face that's how he got
he does tell her not to watch this one
yeah ok well I said Bosley does not me
so it's ok go for a walk Bosley it's
time for your bath see he normally run
Bosley time for a bath Bosley hates
baths because he's literally like Brian
the dirty thing in the world
yeah Bosley I think has a crush on well
he has a crush on my dad for sure but I
think he also has a crush on me yeah he
does Bosley wait mom hold on hold on let
him he's trying to run away from
Stephanie blood guy on the plane oh
that's too oh my god let me tell you the
words like you guys think it's bad one
like you open your wall and you're out
of money this is worth it when you open
your pack of oil wipes and that's it ran
out see he knows what so it's life saver
right yeah like I guess so oily yeah I
blame I just the ones so I just have to
get a little like warning for the people
um let's just say that I wouldn't be
sitting there for were you but uh me
Brian today yesterday see they surprise
video there might be a couple stays
exactly where you're selling your
interests a Simon you're saying okay but
always nice all right now I'm just
joking
watch your mouth but still you got
shotgun god it's so hot today
yeah tap especially personal is in
Seattle yeah yeah yeah cuz Seattle is oh
oh I thought these were cars of a
different man I see this isn't right I
shouldn't be traumatized to leave my
house it's not right we're about to go
pick up some wings and things and with
ranch and barbecue sauce all your wishes
okay guys guys this is what we got there
Pete it looks good huh yeah look some
yeah you're too quiet you need a speedo
for but I was party yeah yeah so we're
about to eat this and mom keep it oh
that means do you want Wow
where were you late April mid-april hope
you guys can yeah big steep 60 points
JT's a camera whore she said his mom
watches my video sorry I'm so leaving
that in my coat his last game that's
steak yeah Bledsoe's last names probably
drop 81 I'll be at that game John it is
the burger place I know guys there stair
answering questions that I'm asking from
my NBA show back from what I have my
invasion yeah I'm like waiting am i
Michael yeah if you're a true fan what
did I do here they actually know the
answer it's like back from when I had
like 2000 subscribers
buzzie let me see what you're wearing oh
my god
I can actually say he's cute for the
first time in my life
buzz Lee
good I think having Bosley got something
so excited his tail keeps wagging Bosley
let me record you with a bandana does
the he laundry go get water
JT away leave him for a second oh yeah
my mom hooked me up with as an hey
thanks you know you it it's a barn why
my mom's a drug lord watch this look
guys no water no nothing you think
straight down to the thread future so ya
know cuz the xaniix its you harder when
you don't you then chill out okay it's a
it's a headache crows etc suffering
laced mutt puzzle you want a piece of
chicken yeah turn your head one more
time I'll put you in the garage you want
to go for a walk
oh that's the famous head - okay guys
this video today is going to be
something different
first of all welcome to my MBA Chen I
don't post your house often but I'm glad
to be making a video for guys today
rather than me saying my chair and just
talking
cuz I'm letting the fans make a video
take over my channel list changes the
whole culture guys I'm letting the boys
take over my NBA Channel right now
they're making a video about Kevin
Durant um look I'm going a beard uh I'm
gonna try to grow like a little stubble
obviously not a full beard enough bless
you
Brian come I literally got to be the
only youtuber on earth who gets hey for
his spending my day with three fans like
literally woke up early so I'm editing
my video and dropped everything I have
to do today to spend the day with three
huge fans who came all the way from
Seattle I gotta be the only YouTube
runner to get hate for doing that like
people oh I thought no fans to the house
oh you're only doing this for views I
got there's a difference between people
showing up to the house uninvited ly and
people who I literally invited said hey
come on I'll hang out with you so I'll
nobody I'm sure I'm not growing a beard
because you know I shave like right here
every day but instead I'm just trying to
grow it it's only it's only literally I
shaved yesterday so this is literally
one day I've never tried to go you're
done guys they warned me they said it
might as well be a blooper video that's
how me mistakes okay cuz have to make as
if I have enough editing to do look what
they this is how they treat me yeah guys
this is what I said I said I just saw
Brian I gotta be the only youtuber on
earth who literally gets hate for
spending the day with three big fans I
got this buzz I think balls just tried
to bite you Bosley I think Bob was one
of my biggest haters he has it was
always like yeah but Bosley's they're
the dramas daily dislike yeah Bosley
guys it's their lucky day not only are
they here but they got to witness a
miracle Brian what did you say um I got
to see the trickshot that I hit well no
it was a miracle in its own right that
he played call of duty and they got to
be here to witness it a phase member
actually played call of duty Wow could
you believe that Bosley guys there
Gramps is here I'm gonna put him in my
vlog
I met him earlier he's super nice Basel
you want to go see it grandpa
green side on the door no fans wait
actually why you guys on my house I said
no fan yeah yeah here I'll walk you guys
out no more fix your hair you're on
camera I'm just joking
you can say what's up to the video
what's up the video and I do introduce
yourself who are you what's your name
I'm Steve Burns I'm the grandpa
grandfather
nice three really nice respectful kids
yeah that's very nice thank you mother
mama
guys I'm making it up
ecology because I had promised that we
were going to play basketball but people
at my gym I promised that we would go
play basketball
yada-yada I ended up getting this tattoo
so I just got the tattoo on purpose so
they don't see how much I actually suck
well I'm just joking I promised we'd go
play but um they tell you not to sweat
on the tattoo but that's not the biggest
thing it's just that um it's just that
like people that I play with don't
aren't exactly the smartest basketball
players so they kind of slap and scratch
and stuff I'm not gonna like that yeah
by a fucking kid what did get asked to
get put in the garage honestly I want to
apologize that we can get to play
basketball but next time I think they're
coming down in October so we'll hang out
again in October god I'm still editing
with the damn vlog guys so I decided I'm
putting Isaiah Thomas
I have nothing about that is my first
thing so that's me okay you guys it's on
this picture right here
you already know who's gonna complain
it's not centered let me do it myself my
dad so there's that and then look the
Jersey I'm gonna hang right there
there's a spot just like asking for it
right there it's screaming hang me up
here so I'm gonna hang that up when they
go and turn around
I caught him I'm just joking I told him
to get snacks they're about to go right
now Bosley come on let's go down oh we
could see your shoes now you got the
Katie suit
yeah just Donna who alleys his socks
aren't fully Urkel they're lit their
little Oracle yeah little guys I'm
surprised I've met fan before but this
is like they know everything about my
video they're crazy here I'll let you go
viral for a couple more seconds here ma
mama bruh wadis
Bob Bosley doesn't want you guys to go
he keeps blocking every exit did you
guys have fun thank you
they told me you got they're coming back
down in October so if you guys again if
you guys want to come back down again or
me meeting up in LA it's kind of tough
for that way but we can meet up again
play basketball finally yeah I want to
go for a son's game but when they get a
team or Portland but Portland how far
you guys from there okay guys just a
little ending close out outro to this
video I just want to say shout out to
the whole family for coming down just as
much as I made your day or I made their
lives like they said you guys made mine
I'm truly humbled I'm truly blessed like
you guys standing here in shock and
shaking that you're actually in my room
that you're actually watching me edit
that you're actually talking to me that
makes me shake and that makes me excited
as well the fact that I'm so blessed to
be able to be looked at as a role model
to be able to be looked at as an
inspiration to be able to be looked at
as someone who can literally make
someone's day just by hanging out with
them I would have never thought I want
to thank you guys so much for giving me
that opportunity and you know I they
were surprised that I said yes to
spending a whole day with them man I'm
not you could ask me as much as you want
I can have as many subscribers as I want
I'm not famous in my head I am NOT
famous I'm a regular kid who edits
videos talk to a camera all day goes to
the gym goes to school lives under his
parents roof and has a girlfriend I'm
not famous so the fact that people treat
me like like they look up to me and just
all this I'm truly blessed and I want to
thank you guys so much just I words
can't express how much what you guys
have given me means to me like I said
I've said this before I'll say it again
the same excitement is the same
nervousness the same you know the same
feeling that you guys have your body
when you mean me I get it from seeing
you guys freak out because it's just
like guys I don't know what to say
honestly I'm at a loss of words
I'm just really all if you guys want to
take one thing away from this I am
blessed and I won't ever forget it to be
able to be put in a spot
to where I have situations like this
where I could I loved making people's
days ever since I was a kid I loved
making people's days you want to be like
you want some food you don't have enough
money here's a dollar
oh thank you so much you want to play
basketball you think it picked up on the
team come play with me
I love making people's days but I wasn't
in a position to be doing that a lot
like I was I was a nobody now that I
have the opportunity that I'm put in a
position where I can make somebody's day
so easily just by favoriting the tweet
just by liking a picture just by
replying to them just by having them
come to my house and spend a couple
hours with them I'm so blessed and I've
never looked past that thank you so much
for watching I hope you guys enjoyed the
thought that literally a follow on
Twitter months ago to one of my biggest
fans know I had no idea who this kid was
I just knew he was a basketball fan he
liked my NBA videos and he was one of my
biggest fans from the start so I like oh
let me just follow him who would have
thought it would come down to this also
he kept saying he's super respectful
they kept saying they're like oh well we
don't want to come over we know the
whole situation of you and the fans so
we don't to barge into the house and I'm
just like bro I'm inviting you over to
my house you're not barging in you're
not showing up uninvited I'm literally
telling you to come to my house also a
quick little shout out to the parents
and grandparents of those children they
raised super respectful kids super
respectful get Simon Justin and Noah all
respectful you don't come around kids
like that too often nowadays especially
at that age 17 15 and 13 all respectful
manners and everything shout out to the
people who raise those kids because it's
not often you come around kids will jump
with that much respect nowadays
especially not at that age so shout out
to you guys and especially shout out to
the kids from being that nice and
respectful because my biggest thing with
all the success and all these
opportunities coming my way and just
like everything that I'm for example
meeting all the Phoenix Suns players you
know just getting to see all my YouTube
subscribe to t much getting an
opportunity that doesn't get handed to
many people I want to give back as much
as I could and the fact that I can give
back to people in an easy way like this
just by canceling all my plans for one
day you know Tong all my friends and
family hey whatever we had planned today
we're not going to do it because I
promise these guys out spend the day
with them the fact that just as much as
I'm getting from NBA
as I'm getting from YouTube as much
success as I'm getting from you guys the
fact that I can give some back in such
an easy way is what I love and I truly
do guys so people were attacking me you
know bro I thought you said no more fans
to the house but you have three fans
over here you're fake you lied all this
stuff guys these people did not show up
to my house unintentionally they didn't
come down banging on the gate they
didn't come down throwing rocks at the
window I literally invited them myself
to come hang out with me I myself told
them hey come to my house and even then
they were like oh we don't like we don't
want to be disrespectful we don't want
to barge in and I don't know it's fine
just come in there's a huge difference
between random people who watch me and
my brother showing up to the house and
this so please whatever logic you were
using and comparing those two situations
I don't know what it was but it honestly
makes no sense so
