I got this okay guys so I'm about to
leave my house and go somewhere
nobody knows where I'm about to go
nobody not my mom not my dad not my
brother cold what got into me but you
know I'm in the shower a couple hours
ago and I'm just like you know one to
like you know I haven't gotten a tattoo
in a while I kind of been wanting one
and I was like boom I'm gonna get a
tattoo today my mom is gonna fucking
kill my mom's gonna kill me
my mom does know I'm not gonna tell her
literally I woke up this morning normal
day actually just got back from the gym
a couple hours ago hopped in the shower
you know how you have those deep dogs
those crazy thoughts in the shower
today's thought was just you know what
I'm gonna get a tattoo so I call the
shop out nobody knows and I'm not gonna
get my tattoo so you guys are coming
along with the trip my third tattoo
puzzle do you know where I'm gonna go
I'll be back guys
I'm crazy yeah mom well I'm gonna go
where to see Jackie I'll be back
okay I make the poeple beat my mom is
making food so when I come back there's
gonna be food for me oh okay thank you
okay mom I'll be back ba ba
thank you I don't even know how my dad's
gonna take I'm I'm thinking my dad's
gonna take it lightly but see here's the
thing with my mom and dad my mom is like
eric bledsoe she always gets mad she's
consistent Eric Bledsoe consistency
he'll always give you around 20 points
five rebounds six assists
my dad is Brandon Knight sometimes I'll
do something he doesn't even give a fuck
sometimes I'll do something he'll get
mad I tell he's inconsistent with his
anger so I don't know how he's gonna
react I know my mom's gonna get mad ah
we'll see you guys so we are going to
see maka I texted man on my case so
let's go get a tattoo and then she said
okay I'm down this I love fuck it why
not this is super last second I
literally wake up to a text Amanda let's
go get tattoos oh okay guys we're here
Brandon
literally shake no I'm not
Brandon is so nervous
I still could see her sweat stain nope
I'm more nervous for the paint so it's
not the pain clearly what my mom's gonna
do when I get back home okay - check it
out my mom wasn't on here she didn't she
didn't take these ones lightly so I know
how she's gonna feel about one more
visible okay
I get more scared
all right he's so concentrated
say that it feels right
I
I mean that
I'm laughing now but I'm gonna be crying
almost done done done it came out great
honestly I love it already
yeah so Harry
just on my tattoo I can't really expose
it to sunlight
but anyways my mama does not know that I
got this tattoo she has no idea and let
me just tell you that this tattoo that I
have where can you see it this one and
this one
she didn't take too lightly and she knew
about those so today I just decided I
just want to get a tattoo so I got one
really quick and my mom doesn't know she
thinks I'm out with Jackie right now my
dad doesn't know either I do any of you
guys have a place for me to stay because
I don't want to go home so I don't want
to go home tonight I want to go home for
the rest of my life I might have to
sleep in the garage with Bosley no I
have to sleep in my car now I'm just
joking so I'm gonna go home
I'm gonna get both of their reactions
for you guys but I'm sure my mom is
going to have easy
even crazier reaction mom my mom is
she's fucking gonna kill me I guess the
only thing I could say is Oh mom it's
just a prank cuz I'm scared I am say it
actually came out really nice so but no
I'm scared of what my mom's gonna do I
actually do I feel bad I'm scared to go
home and and I do feel disrespectful my
brother didn't I was getting one my
girlfriend a dog's gonna nobody knew I
didn't cut so that's fine
oh yeah so we'll see what happens when I
go home guys my boy I'll leave you guys
heavily watch my vlogs you would know
him he just texts me saying bro it
better be a prank your mom's gonna kill
you I said no I'll leave this is real so
my mom pretty much I don't think it's a
religion thing cuz I'm Catholic and
obviously a lot of Catholics have
tattoos I think it's more of a culture
thing because we are made at least
certain we're Chaldean so I'm guessing
that's what it is my why my mom is so
against tattoos um I'm just stalling
obviously I'm stalling a man is about to
be done with her tattoo and I just don't
know what I'm gonna tell my mom like I
know this was aa boy my mom's gonna kill
me but raza with this shoutout to the
boy rusty
I told me my favorite tattoo artists out
of three different one okay guys so
Amanda knows my mom close relative of
mine it's pretty much at my house every
single day I mean it just oh my gosh
what is my mom gonna do wait what do you
think my dad is that I thought the mom I
don't know what to expect from my dad
because he's inconsistent with his he
more like my mom is consistent with an
anger she's always gonna be mad about
stuff like this so I don't know what to
expect about my dad honestly I haven't
seen your parents get really angry in a
long time so it might be like do oh no
one like your mom especially but yeah
dad honestly he's so far gone out of
this world my dad fucking I don't get in
the web is nefeli something he would
kick like he knows what goes on me yeah
I know my mom my my love Tasha oh where
you going I was like oh I'm gonna go see
Jackie for a little so guys we'll see
I'm on my way home right now and my ass
is actually sweating so bad she's scared
okay we'll see came home to an empty
house my dad's out my mom's out and
Brian's not home so I don't know what
we're gonna do now I guess we wait okay
first of all what do you think of the
tattoo you love it
okay now what do you think my mom is
gonna do actually no hold on let me ask
you a harder question first what is my
dad gonna do I don't know my dad's gonna
do I feel like your dad's just gonna say
what does it say yeah yeah I don't know
my dad but okay what about my mom your
mom's Ashley I I don't honestly take the
knife so you have here hide all the
knives yeah yeah guys I think I need to
hide actually gonna kill you like
anything that she came through on your
call guys this she got mad at and no my
mom got mad my mom got mad at that and
she knew I was getting it she said yes
she told me I can get it she knew
exactly what I was getting and she still
got mad imagine this in a more visible
area and she didn't eat she has no idea
like nobody knew okay guys so I was like
obviously you know like nervous as hell
after I got the tattoo to show my mom
and dad so when I finally got home I
just wanted to get it over with I just
wanted them to see I wanted to tell them
but instead my mom is out with her
sister and and Brian's not home either
so I'm gonna have to wait till tomorrow
to get their reaction because they're
both gonna be out late my mom and dad
are out together so the only one I got
the show today was Jackie and Bosley
Bosley is actually in love with it more
than Jackie and look guys I have to hide
this knife I have to hide this knife
before my mom comes home because she
would actually kill me with that what
Bosley's the world's number one cock
block look he
okay good night I just want to say good
night love you too hi
so she came home and I pussied out I
didn't tell her so um I guess I'm gonna
tell her tomorrow guys well I got pussy
down hey guys you know what I ain't no
bitch
I ain't no bitch okay put a shirt on
in case she hates me de lis in case she
hits me it'll hurt less I'm so fucking
scared right now but if there's one
thing I'm not a bitch
ah wait mom I just want to record your
reaction because look mom no no no I'm
not gonna quit that dunno that's enough
look that is the table okay mom
no I hope left after I swear to god this
time I mean it
then what it is it then what is that
drawing oh no no best around them
Marigny the pike will ah how either our
Hall no no no I hope Buffalo Halsey
Marple do you like it no I don't know
really I don't want to see it and pop on
your hat don't color your body balance
what no bother to prank it's fake
I'm just joking attack Syria no no
reason really hold on wait no no I knock
schmuck chocolate laughing okay pops uh
no um be a sidekick here guys so I'm
editing the video and I just realized I
didn't notice at the time my mom said
I'll I'll kick you out of the house you
and your brother I don't know what the
hell my brother got to do with me just
hit that do but my mom said choking both
cuts out the house she can kick me or
other house yeah that's the way we said
yes mom it's a prank it's a prank it's a
frame look
no come on havoc salad you gotta
periodic come on
well drama does Celestia how their body
deals in child care is a last one no no
that's all my shit to supper no you
should have asked Hanuman I'm really mad
okay I want to surprise like oppressive
always surprising come and be nice not
hard up Cabot Lublin no you shouldn't
you shouldn't I swear to God mom that's
nice
no commodity daddy just show them push
comes him up okay guys how about I'm
gonna turn the camera I know
the Louisville oh shit oh no family wait
can you translate in English I know our
Father bond okay guys my dad is actually
on his way right now so when mom should
I just go to sleep then we can all you
can get one to mom ELISA aura it's small
nah not bar body deals bashfully tattoos
mean are you okay I'm sorry dad my mom
look I got a to a mom of the Kapali
it's it's the small one
I'm serious it's not babe it's not fake
was it me and Amanda when we got tattoos
since you took those tattoos for God's
eye this is your body's gonna
look different really okay this I think
it's your fake mom I'm gonna go to sleep
I'm in pain and I have a long healing
process to go so can you at least wish
me luck she's gonna kill me off-camera I
went to sleep at 6:00 a.m. I finally
knocked out finally fell asleep at 6:00
a.m. it's fucking 9:00 in the morning
and I'm already awake my sleeping
schedule is fucked but I'm about to
start editing my video um mom dad I am
sorry okay they they got back you guys
saw and I am in the wrong don't get me
wrong don't say like oh dude you're such
an idiot for doing what I tell them I
know I am I am in the wrong I should
have told my parents I don't know why I
did it but um but yeah I guess I'm gonna
close this video right now I hope you
guys enjoyed my mom and dad's reaction
I'm probably gonna get a shit from them
today too so we'll get ready for that
anyways I deserve it so whatever they
tell me whatever however mad they get on
me I'm gonna stand there like and just
take it what's up I probably can't go to
the gym I probably can't play basketball
for a long time because you know people
playing pick up all the lights just
slapping don't worry that wasn't the
hand slapping and scratching and fouling
and I'm sweating itself so I got to keep
myself occupied for a couple of days but
cuz my punishment is just getting
started
oh wait that's the real one
wrong one dad Bosley's jealous okay guys
I have to apologize to my dad because
Bosley because first of all I got the
tattoo without his or my mom's
permission after I apologized to my mom
when she comes back where is she you
said she wasn't she went to a doctor
well because of me
nothing sir no I know guys he's just
joking but I have to pause my mom comes
back I'm after projects my dad I gotta
say sorry I don't think it was the bad
part wasn't getting the TAT actual
tattoo itself I think the worst part
where I made my mistake was not asking
for permission so next time I want to
tattoo or anything I have to ask for
permission not a bad - I'm just joking
next token he says only - we should okay
but you want to put this one here No
okay so I'm sorry for not telling you
guys before or asking you guys and I'll
apologize to my mom or I should say mom
happen dubov but nobody likes it you
should have seen him yesterday Bosley
I'm sorry in case you didn't like it
okay Bosley okay dad no more tattoos no
more couple months unless your food guy
this is my food for a couple of days
since I got the tattoo but yeah I think
honestly it wasn't the concept of Oh
wasn't the concept my parents were mad
that I got the tattoo I think it was the
concept of that I didn't ask for
permission and I'm not an idiot I know I
deserve to be in trouble for that I
deserve for them to get mad at me for
that because despite my age I'm still
living under my parents roof so I
shouldn't be doing things without their
permission apologize my daddy to
apologize my mom and guys I'm not evil
and I do feel bad this is proof that I
have a heart because I do feel bad but
we're gonna prank my mom one more time
I'm gonna just watch I do have a heart
though because I feel bad so I guess
take that Brian your food's downstairs
I got Brian a burrito on the dad stays
home plays game mom you should have told
me you were here I would have got you a
burrito I said he should have told me
we're home I I would have got your bread
huh
what okay hold on sit down yeah I'll sit
down anyone might be okay hold on just
sit but before you talk wait before you
talk just sit okay where do you want the
camera here doesn't matter wherever good
I can give my goal huh okay first of all
okay what does this have to look like
it's handwriting screw okay hold on hold
on something is there
hey man you have dirt in your eyes let
me talk to you first of all that's
disrespectful cuz I like the tattoo so
you say jerks second hold on okay you
said it looks like handwriting right you
said it looks like handwriting right
compared to this one is like design and
being in color this one is color and
you're right so this is like handwriting
right yeah okay so and then you saw my
video
the guy from the shop like doing a like
on stock again okay so what if I told
you that I paid him to fake hold on we
should have our phones upstairs look at
stake wipe it
listen okay
I don't know respect you should I go
buddy skins I know really waiting yeah
okay move on this is what I okay I know
this is what I apologize I apologize to
my dad in the morning that's what I'm
apologizing for right
I'm apologizing because because I don't
think the bad thing is getting the
tattoo because there actually looks not
you have said Nick okay hold on okay
fine okay I'm apologizing because I even
if I wanted the tattoo and even if I got
it just like I did for these ones I
should have still asked you guys and
talk to you before I went that's what
I'm apologizing for because and I told
them I said just cuz I'm 21 I'm still
living under this roof
not only dad hadn't let you come and
deliver Tilly an easel yeah and you
start with the big one over there an axe
and nobody for one I know no not a
okay well I said sorry to my dad do you
worry
I said talk my dice Atari to you for not
telling you guys yeah
yours has so can I get another one I
know that's why that's why I make sure
that I like it before I do it
how many minutes like right at local let
me tell you I woke up no thought of it I
went to the gym I was at the gym I come
back zoom in the showers like oh I kind
of want to know okay guys dad I
apologize to my mom she yeah Brian what
do you think good right
alright look a few but not the fact they
yeah that's what I'm saying that Ted mom
that's what I'm saying I don't like the
fact I didn't tell you guys
I'm sorry this is all you want oh god
she said I don't have a brain but aired
what I said so now they're gonna say oh
just because it's good no it's my
opinion guys I don't care so why not me
I'm handsome
just joking up Mowgli okay it's time to
eat now guys so I'm editing the the
video and I just realized I didn't
notice at the time my mom said I'll I'll
kick you out of the house you and your
brother I don't know what the hell my
brother had to do with me tattoo but my
mom said she'll kick both of us out now
