Liam Brannon are about to be doing a1b1
on his channel for $10,000 and he's
outside practicing shut up
what are you doing okay what are you
doing no okay you want to just tell them
real quick okay guys so this is you can
I'm so confident right now
it's unreal like I feel like God I I
watched like Mike yesterday and you know
how you know Calvin Cambridge found
Michael Jordan's old shoes and he became
the best basketball player of the world
that's how I feel right now
okay so you're saying Devin Booker gonna
take Michael Jordan listen if you say
yes then you're gonna get attacked
forever
not even Devin Booker himself would
agree with that obviously team curry
like anytime you have Seth Curry on the
floor you could win any game because you
can shoot lights out
but LeBrons team in my opinion it's
crazy savvy up this team guys the
starting lineup is LeBron James Kevin
Durant Anthony Davis DeMarcus Cousins
and Kyrie herbal minds are not coming
off the bench
you have the NPA's MVP the MVP coming
off the bench Russell Westbrook along
with John Wall along with porzingis
Kevin Love Bradley Beal LaMarcus
Aldridge all the depo guys that's
ridiculous it's the best part about that
team Kevin Durant and Russell Western
are playing together again and LeBron
James and Kyrie Irving are teaming
this is gonna be the craziest all-star
game I think you know LeBron
yeah he's petty he Oh dad
so who's um toy is this you wonder why I
moved out every time I come back one of
my old belongings now belongs to Bosley
for those who don't know I bought this
at an airport about a year ago I come
back and now it's Bosley's toy along
with many other items that used to
belong to me and I come back to use them
but now they belong to Bosley hey Bosley
why do you still all myself you see
yeah how does it feel having my sloppy
seconds yo guys saw Amanda Lee looking
at my Instagram and I realized I'm so
close to 900,000 instagram followers
which is crazy thank you so much to
everybody who follows me I love you guys
oh and look I'm still not verified don't
ask me why or how but 900,000 instagram
followers later and I'm still not
verified
I've given up there I'm never gonna be
verified on Instagram oh and by the way
I'm not verified on Twitter either yeah
coochi down to the sucks that layup
looked a little familiar to you okay
trash I wasn't gonna tell you how much
money we're playing for but it was
Brian's idea so it's times it by 20/2
your share is okay oh yeah okay what if
I say that if I win I'll give you six
thousand then who are you going for oh
okay
trap - okay Dennis who do you have your
money on I'll give you $2 or $3 $3
I'm serious three oh that's like to
McDonald's meals guys like how my hair
flops Dennis ten twelve okay okay
finally see how I really play he said he
let me wake up this for my channel oh
one problem guys oh I don't care there's
one ball and one hoop and we're playing
I'm not making excuses I'm just saying I
didn't know this car which was gonna
challenge me eleven okay one thing I'm
kind of nervous right straight up loser
honestly guys I was surprised when Ron
recommended this but he says he's super
confident and that he says he's gonna
beat me so nothing what happened let's
go furball
that $10,000 allows you to do with the
Gucci store I'm just kidding I'm putting
in my savings yeah just to spend it app
right now he's gonna save it for the
next day game on my core whose core you
might live here but they're still my I
did not feel good but hey it went in so
count Wow
four two one
hey Jim
Harry seven six there's a closing one
book where's that shot don't ask me
where that shot is I'll pull out my plug
and put it on the rig die it's hot oh
you're gonna regret this shot oh really
Oh Fozzie came to watch what's good bro
oh if you made that
oh if you made that I respect that
oh good awesome and did you go hostile
what is it hey you got the mid Ranger
now Ryan made one moonshine his whole
life
I still have a drink but I've been
practicing that I come today's made all
admit men shot nine to nine game is
still 11 straight up no no I don't even
know where your schandle what how'd you
make that Randy you got me and Dennis
got me hey I know you hate me but I love
you no honestly guys Minds hitting a
shot like that to win the game it's
nothing then he deserves to win I've had
my hand up 10 grand baby it was way
farther than the three-point line I
don't know what I'm supposed to do well
the ball is gone dad there's no way
we're getting young I tried there's no
way I don't know what to do I put a hand
up I was up in this grill and the shot
just went in you got to respect that you
can't even get mad I mean obviously I'm
mad not just about the money but that's
my little brother and he beat me at
basketball but you got to respect you I
had a hand up I was up close and he's
still made it he made a tough shot so
Brian I hate you so much
well that's the fastest 10,000 I've ever
spent I'm not in the mood to go to the
gym anymore okay hey I'm just joking
god I swear at the gym I'm over here
beating teams with guys who are like 6
foot 4 200 pounds guys I could dunk and
freakin loser Bryer
hey I'm not gonna lie though Bryan has a
shot yeah the jumper
don't don't catch a ball Yin I didn't
kick the ball wait how do we get the
ball how the ball come back some kid
when he got it was it like I don't do
this I always do this and he won he just
slowly slid down but his handgun his
back went down yeah but he was on his
feet like you did it so professional
we're playing bowl ball
okay guys so a bet is a bet a promise is
a promise
there's a reason bride with this company
with a good shot
can't even get mad like or to the finger
and if you go baby
shit words ten thousand I've ever spent
going streets my savings account he's
gonna save it till tomorrow I'm gonna
make it more gonna say is that Brian
played a really good game I hate moving
a basketball period and I hate losing to
my little brother but Brian quite a good
game
his mid-range was on point and step back
for one point and I was up nine six and
I blew the gate Brian did LeBron D you
up the plan is also a team yeah I know
I'm sure I'm sure
yeah some guys like all the depot and
LaMarcus Aldridge Kevin Love they made
it but your other people maybe no
all-star games good dad well you're on
my home court so I don't know you expect
hey stop this is still money hahaha the
amount of wind that I beat Brian
compared to his at least now it's up
here not down here and I think the old
house is your home corn this is silly
thank you so much for watching today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed Brian beat
me and pitch offer any good game I'll
spawn I didn't expect to win I just yeah
you know I really was confident before
it I'm like okay I want to play like
everyone what did you do you just knew
it like it was my head I'm like
Kyrie Irving like I don't know why I've
been watching him play the past couple
games and I'm like damn this game is so
good it okay so if I go to the gym and
say I'm Devin Booker and I'm gonna win
every game and get to the NBA okay
that's a good team though he's right
always putting your head Brian good job
good game I can't even get mad he made a
tough shot he deserves he deserves to
win I don't know if he deserves the
money oh I bet the bed so guys I love
that all so much drop a like on this
video if you enjoyed subscribe channel
Fri put that away channel if you are new
and other than that guy's plant it and
get your positive out phase rug aka the
winner Brian and Pete I can never ever
find the right word and there's no way
this is real life there's no telling
you're the right girl oh so I can only
say that it feels right
feels right
