I got this okay guys so I'm about to
leave my house
and go somewhere nobody knows where I'm
about to go nobody now my mom not my dad
not my brother look check this out my
brothers in the bathroom right now just
look at the ocean he's naked where am I
going right now okay he doesn't know no
I'm just saying nobody knows what I'm
doing okay so I don't know what got into
me but you know I'm in the shower a
couple hours ago and I'm just like you
know 1 2 like you know I haven't got a
tattoo in a while I kind of been wanting
one and I was like boom I'm gonna get a
tattoo today my mom is gonna fucking
kill my mom's gonna kill me
my mom does know I'm not gonna tell her
I'm gonna go pick up my cousin because
she wanted one too
my cousin Amanda my first cousin she
lives down the street and we're gonna go
get tattoos I don't know literally I
woke up this morning normal day I
actually just got back from the gym a
couple hours ago hopped in the shower
you know how you have those deep
thoughts those crazy thoughts in the
shower
today's thought was just you know what
I'm gonna get a tattoo so I called the
shop I found a shop where you don't need
an appointment but uh decided what I
wanted I've been thinking about this for
a couple days but I was never really
serious about it and today I'm just like
you know what i'ma go so you guys are
finding out before anyone else just me
and my cousin no.19 Jackie knows nobody
knows and I'm not gonna get my tattoo so
you guys are coming along with the trip
my third tattoo I think I'm gonna get it
right here I'm not 100% sure yet we'll
talk to the artist but uh yeah let's go
do you know where I'm gonna go I'll be
back guys
I'm crazy yeah mom I don't know if they
kidnapped my dad but he should have been
home now well I'm gonna go where to see
Jackie I'll be back
okay I made the hopple beat my mom is
making food so when I come back there's
gonna be food for me oh okay thank you
okay mom I'll be back ba ba
thank you yeah it's the penguin tuxedo
one it's super long guys I'm a fucking
idiot why am I doing this but yeah like
I said you know I've wanted one for a
couple weeks I thought about something a
couple days ago
and you know why life is just about
making decisions on the spot making
regrettable decisions regrettable
decisions that you're gonna regret in a
few years and uh I'll know let's go see
how this goes guys I'm a little nervous
okay I'm a little nervous but we'll see
guys what do you call this shit that I'm
about to do there's like a word for it
it's called like spontaneous or some
shit like like when you're not planning
on doing something but you're like I
don't know it's like it's just something
just hits you and you just randomly go
do it like I like I spontaneously 8's
that one day like something like that so
today's the definition of literally a
neighboring dumbass when I wave out to
you in back today's literally the
definition of fucking spontaneously
gonna pick up my cousin and
spontaneously fucking going to get a
tattoo and spontaneously gonna get my
ass beat by my mom so I don't even know
how my dad's gonna take out I'm thinking
my dad's gonna take it lightly but see
here's the thing with my mom and dad my
mom is like eric bledsoe she always gets
mad she's consistent eric bledsoe
consistency he'll always give you around
20 points five rebounds six assists my
dad is Brandon nice sometimes I'll do
something he doesn't even give a fuck
sometimes I'll do something he'll get
mad as hell he's inconsistent with his
anger so I don't know how he's gonna
react I know my mom's gonna get mad ah
we'll see you guys so
we are going to see I don't even thought
about the pain honestly tattoo pain is
overrated I got this tattoo I mean it
hurt a little obviously to needle going
into your skin but what people make it
out to be I don't think it's not painful
so I'm not really worried about that but
I'm a little worried about that let's
not get too carried away it's still a
needle going into your skin
EJ get no shit I love this fucking song
let's go I love that song
who would have thought they would have
ever started dating Dracon me on an OU
way everybody felt they would oh sorry
the front seats taken
I'm just joking hold on I wasn't up guys
the manager said I'm not getting a
tattoo yes you are
he thinks just cuz I go with him I have
why would you get a tattoo they can't
see her in minister to the profs
permanent life okay you said you're
gonna get it
I'll do something small okay that's fine
guys so yeah I literally like I'm just
in the shower I walk out I texted man on
my case so let's go get a tattoo and
then she said okay I'm down fuck it why
not
okay oh yeah I turn on the directions
yeah so we're like ten minutes away like
I said I mean I told them this is a
spontaneous tattoo true that's like not
as spontaneous in my ask me by my
friends I don't even know if that's the
right word wait
you made the song finish yeah not this
what let's take care
okay guys so we're gonna go right huh it
just came out yeah just came out like
five years bullshit
okay so we're gonna go and I'm gonna
pick the bug up when we get to the
tattoo shop so this is all last second
trust me this is super last second I
literally wake up to a text Amanda let's
go get tattoos Oh ever since I got this
one last year she took she was supposed
to get one with me and when I got it
last year and she never got one so now
she has to fucking get one and he thinks
it's gonna happen this year but okay
we're ready to I'm gonna lock you in the
room okay guys we're going I'm gonna
lock you in the garage okay guys we're
here Brandon is literally shake no I'm
not American tattoo and body piercing
okay let's add I get my belly button
plate okay guys so I changed my mom
imagine getting a butt
I know how they work on guys but which
one should I go this one like the bigger
they have yeah the bigger the oh the
bigger the hoe that's me oh I can do
that one maybe we have a Phoenix Sun all
right one that says garage I got a
tattoo across my neck no guys we've
actually sketching my tattoo right now
I'm not really getting a piercing of
these Buddha we'll see how this goes
Brannon is so nervous
I still capir sweat-stained
know if I'm more nervous further pain so
it's not the pain clearly what my mom
did you wanna get back home
okay - good okay guys filling out the
paperwork now initials this question I'm
kind of struggling to answer are you
pregnant
I don't know is there maybe answer okay
so in the back right now finishing was
it the artist sketch dish man I decided
to get a road she's getting a rose
Derrick Rose right here number one fans
like resetting everything go famous yeah
taking everything while we're shitting
herself wedding soul
check it out my mom wasn't on here she
didn't she didn't take these ones
lightly so I know she's gonna feel that
one more visible okay
I get more scared watching something
yeah
the baby this is the baby for us I'm
gonna kill me
Carrie I know mom's tattoos done
hey wise words sighs okay how much
so sweaty
all right he's so concentrated
saying that it feels right
how does it feel
I'm laughing now but I'm going to be
crying a little feelin okay so we just
finished the first part next step and I
think the last step is the bolding look
it looks nice came out pretty good so
far
almost done done done it came out great
honestly I love it already yeah it's
super clean look record my bald spot
here and my having a shave
alright eh just shave the rest of your
lives
cool I mean not all so hairy
how scared famous scared as hell
honestly didn't even hurt that bad
it didn't I've tried I sweat more during
sex I cry more during some games it's
not that Linda
ro
my brother didn't know I was getting one
my girlfriend a dog and nobody knew I
didn't tell anybody except my cousin she
wanted one to sound like just come along
but I didn't I told him I forgot to
already so that's fine oh yeah so we'll
see what happens when I go home guys my
boy I'll leave you guys heavily watch my
vlogs you would know him he just texts
me saying bro it better be a prank your
mom's gonna kill you I said no I'll
leave this is real okay guys so this
tattoo actually came out so dope if
you're in San Diego or honestly if
you're even anywhere close to San Diego
and you want to come down i'll leave the
name of the tattoo shop and the tattoo
artists in the description below so if
you guys want to check it check him out
on instagram he posts a lot of his work
get him on snapchat or just come down to
the shop yourself get a tattoo if you're
obviously of age this is the place to go
it came out really neat it didn't take
long at all I didn't hurt so I'd say you
guys come down here and plus you could
say hey I got same tattoo shop as it was
in this vlog so yeah I've been to three
different tattoo artists and I'm not
want to be biased but this was by far my
favorite one so check his work out in
the description below if you guys want
to I'm fucking nervous to go home to my
mom I am nervous as hell
my mom and dad okay nobody knows none of
them knew but I mean I keep stalling
right now okay I need to go home I'm
probably gonna end up spending the night
or the rest of my life with buzzing in
the garage my mom's gonna fucking kill
me I'm a recorder reaction I've told
that video tomorrow so if you guys want
to see mama mama bro what is his
reaction and my dad's reaction you're
gonna have to wait til tomorrow okay I'm
building up a little bit of suspense for
today you get to see this video tomorrow
you get the reaction so don't forget to
check that video out tune in tomorrow
but so nice
okay honestly Butler tattoos came out
looking great shout out to the boy your
name was rusty right you want say with
this shout out to the poor rusty
I told me my favorite tattoo artist out
of three different ones now it is both
can't move our arm obviously the pain
was at that obviously there's parts that
hurt but that's just getting a tattoo
but the pain overall wasn't that I'm
speaking for myself I don't know about
no I love the pain yeah right so I mean
it's a test what do you expect it's not
going to feel good but pain isn't bad
but I can't lie for him there were some
parts were like gosh do you want to cry
no oh yeah those fucking about the docs
now obviously to me the worst worse than
actually getting the tattoo is the
healing process it like it flakes and
like it falls off and you have to clean
it with soap put lotion on it for me
honestly going to the gym is going to be
tough because they say not to sweat on
it for like until it heals so I'm not
sure what's really gonna happen about my
basketball career so like my basketball
career um so yeah you just got to take
care of it for like a couple weeks some
low shame unscented soap antibacterial
soap whatever the fuck it's called
already forgot what he said we pretty
much played a prank on the whole tattoo
shop they thought we were dating like
the whole time they were like oh well
she thinks you look good with this
tattoo blah blah and at the end I was
like well I'm not gonna be with along
anyways and they were like oh my god
why'd you say that I said that's my
cousin yeah they tried to convince us to
get matching yeah they were like a
couple get nice couple tattoos I was
like Alma broke up with I'm not really
long hey guys so a minute what is my mom
gonna do to me on this thing oh he's so
disappointed
he's gonna kill me so um yeah like I
said that's the end of this video I hope
you guys enjoyed check out see his name
is rusty he gave us his card I'm gonna
have his Instagram snapchat email in the
description below check his links out
show him some love for doing this for us
yeah and like I said if you're ever in
down in San Diego or anywhere close I'm
right here and it's a married
yes essentially like that tomorrow's
video just be ready to see some parents
flip out that's all I'm gonna say and
I'm fucking scared yeah I hope you guys
enjoy God this always happens with
catchers like when I first get it I'm
just like oh my god I can't believe I
haven't I keep staring at and I keep
thinking how weird it is that it's like
the newest addition to my body and then
one week later I'm just like oh like I
forget that it's even there okay guys I
just stopped by at Target real quick I
need to buy the soap and lotion that he
was talking about I treat my tattoo make
sure it heals correctly so uh I'll be
back guys came home to an empty house my
dad's out my mom's out and Brian's not
home so I don't know what we're gonna do
now I guess we wait hey boss Lee it
Bosley Bosley hey buddy hey what's up go
get water go Bosley yes I got a new
tattoo guys Bosley keeps smelling it hey
okay Bosley yes I know I know
hey Bosley
okay guys so Jackie's here she's seeing
my tattoo for the first time she didn't
even know I was gonna go to the tattoo
shop I'm telling you I didn't tell
anybody I just thought about it right
like she's flirting with Bosley actually
Bosley flirting with her yeah and he got
cause I thought he's looking at me like
that
wait how much does Bosley like me today
he's like in love with the smell of the
ink yeah he keeps coming near me and
likes lima harm okay first of all it's
like you I know okay first of all what
do you think of that tattoo you love it
yes okay now what do you think my mom is
gonna do actually no hold on let me ask
you a harder question first what is my
dad gonna do I don't know my dad's gonna
do I feel like your dad's just gonna say
what is it says yeah yeah I don't know
my dad okay what about my mom your mom
Ashley I I don't honestly take the knife
that you have here hide all the knives
yeah guys I think I need to hide
actually gonna kill you like anything
that she came through in your car guys
this she got mad at and no my mom got
mad my mom got mad at that and she knew
I was getting it she said yes she told
me I can get it she knew exactly what I
was getting and she still got mad
imagine this in a more visible area and
she didn't she have no idea like nobody
knew but guys wait till I find out what
I else I don't know I'll kill you oh you
can't find that out
awesome probably okay don't lick it you
can get me effectively a dirty ass
tongue
pawsley look at me like that one more
time
I swear to god I'll put you in the
garage
go the only one I got the show today was
Jackie and Bosley Bosley is actually in
love with it more than Jackie but yeah
it's just me and Jackie for the night no
one else what
Bosley's the world's number one cock
block look he stands literally right in
the middle of the door hey cog vlog I
want to close the door Oh Bosley
okay okay Bosley fine
you literally Bosley you ruined my life
what Oh guys look what there we put I
don't know why they're we playing this
game randomly Warriors and Cavs game
sakes but that's all watching how did
you think because the say good night
love you too hi
so she came home and I pussy doubt I
didn't tell her
do you like it no I don't know really I
don't want to see them Hakan more huh
don't color I'm not it's just one no
yeah my brother is hot take on the
tattoo my brother actually a big tattoo
guy he had his ass tattooed if you guys
hit no what do you think do you like it
yeah yeah my brother texted me said yes
yeah I know it does look really nice cuz
I mean I was surprised when I saw
understand my brother text me is like
way Brandon is that real did you tell my
mom they're getting my mom yeah they're
getting her reaction tomorrow little is
good I know thanks for huh puzzle you
like it you like it bimbo okay guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this video but I
think you guys are going to enjoy
tomorrows even more so tune in for that
one oh wait my dad hey Dad okay see how
my dad the Moody's in that says to tune
into tomorrow's video guys I think the
biggest part that bums me out is they
say not to sweat on a fresh tattoo until
a teal obviously what happens at the gym
you sweat like I first sure can't play
basketball you know sweat on and people
over there fucking idiot to be slapping
and scratching you so I can't play it
out so pressure may be working out
lightly but like I said they said not to
sweat on so I gotta keep myself occupied
I can't go to the gym so that's the
hardest part for me so far
