I got this okay guys so Brian just
arrived with his new car let's check it
out it's actually a beautiful look at
least it looks beautiful from the
outside let's see that inside Brian I
can't imagine you driving this big of a
car imagine a miniature midget Brian
driving a huge car this car is actually
so nice though let's see this the
interior looks familiar
holy shit okay hold on wait
Brian there's no saw the sets open when
you open those steps no way even when
you open or lower the car really okay
hold on get in this shit yes ow
wait can we watch like son's games um
you can get um cable and you get
internet twice gormless yeah yeah the
DVDs up there it'll automatically plays
a holy shit you can watch baby
refrigerators in here and oh there sure
what do you mean refrigerator is holy oh
right there like you know some cup
holders son wait hold on I'm so shocked
you can watch so large a massage what
you can watch porn yeah so if I actually
jack off in here where to wait much fun
some stains in your car
oh they're clean now and those are from
jacking off anyways oh wait Brian what
are you doing that door is still open
Brian guys this cars so nice rear seat
entertainment okay how do I go to the
Internet so I could put my website a
can't okay dad little seats really
massage I need this for my bad lower
back from playing which is so nice Brian
that's crazy you have more red in your
interior than mine really yeah and look
at
dogs water okay like a fishing baseball
I'm gonna get coffee right guys this
cars so nice
oh look double sunroof and like there's
like brown the wood was right here and
on the steering is it doing them aside
for um yeah I feel that like well I hate
the sea warming sea so it makes you feel
like you pissed yourself what do you
think then super nice done now I feel
the massage
can I come here with a fucking bottle of
chocolate milk and spill over the thing
it's so cool oh my gosh so nice meaning
it smell burnt
yes smells burnt something's burning in
here where's that or maybe just we have
huge noses so we smell every little
thing yeah guys the come scenes in my
car from jacking off yeah let's see
actually some action so I want to try
this one from jacking off no no way I
don't think like that
cuz my smells so ugly guys this car is
so nice it's just no brinded burning hot
long days up this is motivation to work
hard for me seats do look a little
familiar though I don't know where I've
seen these I got it copy you at all
there are nice okay where I left Jackie
upstairs to come see the car wait can me
and Jackie go in the backseat there's no
backseat whoa we can't open it uh-uh
this is a front seat there's a lot of
remember let me practice the goal would
be you should just mortgage over huh
well girl no I'm practicing for like
well like the prostitute when you go
downtown tonight yeah Wow Brian it's
fucking hot wait how do you open the
door oh right here what them I fucking
love this car yeah it's nicer than the
first range
it's the updating one my my supercharges
autobiography this autobiography oh my
god some protection
dad this card so nice Jackie did I don't
want to keep that paper about guys this
is motivation to work harder
the one thing I'm better at least I'm
gonna saving money I don't Jesus I don't
blow my money a lot do it with this oh
shit tomatoes
do you wanna yummy
that's the definition of hard work pays
off literally pays off ash it's insane
it's extremely nice it's gorgeous
but I just kind of wanted to take a
little sneak peek inside my little
brother's car honestly really proud of
him for I mean that is not an
accomplishment you see many 19 year-olds
achieve and obviously it's all because
of you guys so thank you so much on
behalf of my brother and I'm proud of
him that car is something - you got a
car like that I mean you're doing
something right so shout out to my
brother congratulations and I'm happy
that he's happy it's a beautiful car
it's gorgeous so uh again shout out to
my brother he's really excited that he
has it which makes me excited for him so
Bryan hats off to you okay hold up hold
up hold up all right listen so this
parts gonna be ascared so I'm just a
same character and everything but what
the fuck how faded or my socks look at
this like ten shots and Hemi faded right
here it's like someone went up to
fucking downtown San Diego let me get
bottle service say up up there all night
taking bottles to the face look at this
shit look at this okay but anyways yeah
so this supposed to be asked is I gotta
stay in character so okay skates
starting now oh yeah and I'm about to go
to the gym so that explains the clown
ass shoes anyways okay the skit starts
now
pawsley pawsley is he still asleep hold
on
oh sure he's awake
okay well that ruined the skit Brian can
I do he's really quick for it's good I'm
not I'm not opening the car anything
wait what it's for the end of my Range
Rover video of your car yeah okay thanks
what's supposed to be the skate park
okay guys back in character back to
skate gotta take care of this morning
wood
gotta take care this morning
hopefully Brian doesn't wake up
you did it to do didn't do okay
see see okay guys so in the video right
here
Oh shadow bring a towel I'm gonna in the
video right here I hope you guys enjoy
secretary real estate agent stays after
hours to still house to client teacher
takes away detention from big
evany BBC punishment stepmom and
stepdaughter okay guys I'm gonna go all
the dirty bossy latina okay guys so I'm
gonna go now I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and uh um uh yeah I'm gonna
go now so peace out guys I'm just joking
that's all just scared in case you guys
didn't know or was it no guys I hope you
enjoyed this video again congratulations
shit little man I hope you guys enjoyed
this video again congratulations to my
brother seriously that's a huge
accomplishment in the car is beautiful
but I'm gonna go now I'm actually going
to go to the gym no stop stop okay guys
so this was a double upload I haven't
double uploaded for you guys in a while
it's been a long long time since I've
double applause for you guys so I really
hope you guys enjoyed not just this
video but both videos in case you
haven't watched the first video puzzle
you really look damn surprised in case
you haven't watched it further oh my god
what was the last time you went to the
goddamn dentist okay so in honor of
double uploading and in honor I do this
for you guys you know I'm gonna pick
ballsy up and put him on my lap in case
you guys ain't nobody fucking hates
being put on people's laps he hates it
Bosley come here come up come
come here see now I have to lie okay you
want a treat come here here here stand
up stand up okay father look hold on
look up look up there's his head let me
put the camera a little lower oh I could
trick him with beads stand up stand up
stand up in five good boy okay and now
bonsly hold on come up we don't wait
don't be boy aah oh my god aah might be
empty so fat Oh God
Bosley find out I really have to do my
tree I feel bad okay bout to go down
okay guys I hope you enjoyed this video
