I got this okay guys so Brian just
arrived with this new car let's check it
out
it's actually a beautiful look at least
it looks beautiful from the outside
let's see that inside Brian I can't
imagine you driving this I just kind of
want it to take a little sleep peek
inside my little brother's car honestly
really proud of him for I mean that is
not
guys look at my TV first of all my
television how do you say that
television is I say is that's what okay
say my television is broken why cuz
you're not Yvgeny County okay guys so I
got something in the mail a birthday
gift and it says yeah like my birthday
was like three years ago and the package
says from Jacqueline I wonder it really
yes what so okay well let me tell you
before you guys get surprised I know
it's a Devin Booker Jersey because one
time I wanted to surprise her at the
fair so I didn't tell her I was going
and like I snuck up behind her in her
booth and she was on her she was on an
iPad looking up Devin Baca jerseys yeah
she she quickly tried to hide it
oh it reads my face and I look it up
well I usually I just read her text
obviously but this time I try okay so
since everybody seems to take everything
I say so literal like like as if I've
never made a joke before in my life let
me elaborate on that statement I said oh
haha
just like I read or I read all her texts
Baba let me allow me that was a joke
because like I'm a little crazy as a
boyfriend so I try to like exaggerate it
for my videos cuz it's pretty funny so
before any of you guys dude what the
fuck give her some space this is what
she's gonna dump you because you read
her text do - oh my god she's such a
controlling boyfriend dude what the hell
I would hate blah blah it was a joke
okay I guess I must have to start
explaining myself like this from now on
because every single joke I make people
take it literal I don't read all of her
text maybe that will better explain the
joke if every time I make a joke I have
to do it like that but yeah this time I
tried to just sneak up on it to surprise
her and I saw devin booker Jersey so I
knew what she was getting me for my
birthday because what color
I'm like are you serious so then now I
already know what it is but we soft act
surprised so do you want to go open it
now yeah bruh game okay guys so we're
about to go open the package it says
from Jacqueline so do you know who that
is or you are a chit no they were guys
so hold on my camera's about to fall so
there was already a package outside for
me aside from the one that says the
aside from that I need to fix my camera
okay hold on guys guys the stand sucks
anyways so at all saying okay so this
gift my birthday gift from Jackie is the
other phone number on it so here's one
I'm joking it's on the other side just
in my head you're getting a few more but
anyways look this one says to robotics
and it's from I don't know who opened
Ivan was buying his followers for him
coffee now everything is going but it's
from okay I can't read the first thing
but the last time is themselves from
Riverside Lake Elsinore California and
this I want to open on camera
so the two t-shirts are not all trying
to look for the letters in here but
couldn't find one so they send me I'm
getting this one for me one for my
brother so I'm gonna get one to brian
Paulo the rebel and keep this for myself
and then this one just might have a
letter okay I ask you also there's a
letter here okay oh let me just really
quick first of all some congratulate you
on all your success thank you so much
he's really happy for me every time I
post a video get notifications on he
said every time I post the video it's
like receiving a message from your crush
he just wants to tell me I'm awesome
he's been dying to meet me every time I
watch I post on my snapchat got a couple
people to subscribe to your channel
because I always post about you thank
you for that
you're good you come true one day if I
can meet you too of course
he's always up for Oso that's why I sent
ago shares in a professional boxer
he works for Oscar De La Hoya he's he's
14 and Owen is professional five to
twelve knockouts holy shit we could owe
for one fans come to the door we got you
to sit wait outside if you want so you
could be our security guard
you could be security guard from mine
and Jackie's wedding he wants to bring
me to one of his fights in LA that's
funny
so lights on our pictures I'll
definitely follow you on Instagram keep
up with where I work I'm a big fan god
bless thank you so much okay
hold on babe I want to spoil the
surprise but I saw some teacher in here
so if it's Devin Booker is number one it
says for what it is and for what ease oh
thank you so much
I have to act like I like this so he
doesn't knock me out I'm just joking you
already know I love this sons and boys
oh look it's you right
oh man you ballsy actually likes me in
this closet in the garage
that's what little watch I like it it
fits you mine oh ok thank you that's
actually really not like this like it
feels like a p.o box opening video I'm
gonna give one of these shirts even if
they were both meant for me I'll give
one to my brother wait is this an action
movie splice sure Remy on YouTube ironic
I thought this was boss Lee for a second
it's the straight one same thing they
both just fucking sleep all day remember
all the name is Krishnan I'm gonna look
it up just in case innocent but ok now
for my girlfriend's birthday gift
three years late it's not my fault what
guys so in case you guys didn't watch my
video yes guys so in case you guys in it
in case you guys don't watch my video
yesterday I freakin hurt my pinky finger
and ring finger really badly playing
basketball a pretty bad fall and
defender in front of me and everything
cut pretty deeply on one of my fingers
and pretty swollen on the other so like
I first of all just so rubbing alcohol
and that shit literally bubbled like it
fizz and bubbled I should burn so bad
but yeah I don't want to show the camera
because it's pretty gruesome but it's
healing up and that's why I got fucking
her trying to open the packages of that
watch it just be the wrong size or sorry
to say this enough Christian thank you
again
I appreciate on series not just the
shirts and this was a letter too but
it's like the whole page oh wow nice
and thanks I'll be watching my videos
and getting those few people to
subscribe me hey guys so for those of
you who don't know I don't have a Devin
Booker Jersey this is my first Devin
Booker Jersey so oh my wait is it stitch
yes it's dude let me see from the back I
don't wear it
hold on guys it sucks that I don't have
muscle because I like wearing jerseys
without shirts under then shall I look
more shirts under then so that's that I
actually don't have any muscle because
not gonna actually look good in jerseys
my first Devin record Jersey I finally
have a jersey of the greatest player of
all time general the way it's stitched
doesn't look stitch that is what you can
feel it it's wingman wait let me feel
the back ooh I like it feels nice
no my first Devin Booker Jersey I did
not surprisingly I know it's really
surprising and you have a Devin Booker
Jersey so thanks to my girlfriend I just
got my first one you should have got
that signed hey thank you so much mm-hmm
what a surprise I saw I knew it was
coming I know it he found out walking
wear this with my Jordan aids I gotta
pee boss
oh are you talking about the new one put
on the other shirt the gray one
I know where all the like come on guys
to end this video with okay Who am I
kidding I always hate to end this video
and then I keep it going for looking
three hours mostly like seeing that
shirt look cause you think I'm sexy this
year you can go to the garage together
turn off the lights
I'm actually guides to all for this boss
Li stop shaking your ass for the camera
how many layers three ladies like the
candy
what magic fucks name is I'll never miss
a shot I'm not gonna play obviously wait
come let's go show my mom believe I'm
gonna show my mom this and then I'm
going to show a Christian God mom always
skip to stairs mom show you something
she's sleepy oh my dad's asleep mom I
don't want to go wonder sleep
oh my dad's asleep my mom we're not okay
so first very nice how are you camera
ready
mom don't do that what yes like that
yeah this is Blue Book of Jersey might
not look up before me yeah it's bitch to
look I can tell I swear yeah better than
the other one the other one was Miriam
and it was too big and they don't refund
oh this one look it's from one of my
fanny yeah it's not so cool sent it to
our house somebody's question yeah a new
one guys it's Christmas on July yeah
July 19 or hit on ok it's Christmas on
July 19th thanks to my girlfriend and
thanks to Christian nice that's really
cool shirt I know I would wear that the
gym yeah to workout
look I'm Christian with the heavy weight
balsamic surrender Oh guys I actually
think this outfit turns basel y'all look
he hasn't stopped staring at me
Basel you want some of this come get it
come here oh I think he's actually just
sleeping Jackie's taking a introductory
Cal D and she wants to learn our
language so she knows when we're talking
shit about her yeah
imagine me wait say one of the words say
anyone and I'll guess what it means what
ooh babe okay say it right if you want
me to fucking good look can we match
look hey where are my jeans we could
have matched all Don okay well someone
stole my fucking green jeans
oh no they're right here yeah there's
caramel take this el you have the same
genes as paratus ah now I need to clean
my drawers say one more word
what hey there's no hallelujah wording
no Mel ha salt salt the same alpha fig
is tooth - ha ah better house ok tell me
to say something in Spanish almost like
I want to say something in Spanish no
you have to say it in Spanish and then I
say it pod Padres like San Diego Padres
so did you look to my barbershop again
like look down they put up part in your
hair see right there I don't I like
parts
letter from worst
okay guys so anyways I hope you did
enjoy this video it's kind of short
compared to my other videos Jackie
obviously my girlfriend thank you for
the jersey Kristen thank you for the
shirt and I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video I'm gonna get to editing like
I said I just want to show you I mean
the games I had two packages outside my
door one from our girlfriend and one
from the zoo right here for watch squad
thank you so much for watching I am out
okay I'm out Oh
tomorrow tune in I'm gonna do a full
vlog at the gym record some pickup games
introduce you guys to a lot of my
friends from the gym and I've never
recorded pickup games at the gym so just
tune in tomorrow the full gym vlog okay
cuz this is what I do at midnight
fucking in the middle of me editing I
take breaks watching the last time the
Suns were actually really good 2006-2007
Steve Nash Amar'e Stoudemire Shawn
Marion Raja Bell Boris Diaw Barbosa
those were the days the last time the
Suns were actually title contenders I
love watching highlights from these days
because I was too young to appreciate it
back then so I watch it now the sun's
actually used to be so good but yeah
look I'm on a editing break right now
but time to finish this game I've
watched this game like eight times not
today but in my life it's about damn you
time for lunchtime basketball you
already hey Bosley love you you already
know you got the ripped ass LeBron
twelve rip - laces double socks ooh
shit's faded take a bottles are hanging
to the face right here look at it look
at these are this me and my mom are
gonna donate a bunch of my clothes to
charity today I'm not sure which one yet
but I need to pick out which ones don't
fit me anymore which ones I don't want
donate those they're all in good shape
so that's good anyways guys last time I
slept at 5 a.m. 5 a.m. did you hear that
5 a.m. but I want to play basketball so
bad I'm dead tired but and I didn't just
wake up I woke up at 8 to finish editing
look I actually finished editing this
video so I got like three four hours of
sleep last night and oh let me turn it
to my favorite pre gym snack is there
dick rocky thing is actually Bosley
oh no we ran out of dick I'll never have
my girls saying that but I'm talking
about the banana we actually ran out of
banana I don't know what I'm going to
eat oh well we'll see you guys I hope
you really did enjoy this video today's
actually a double upload they asked on
Twitter I was like wants to see a double
upload all you guys Rose your hands aka
favorited the tweet so I'm gonna give
you guys a double - the next video
coming up later today it's pretty much a
video based purely on my brother's
beautiful beautiful brand-new car so
tune in for that one I hope you guys
enjoyed it's time to go play some ball
I'm gonna meet up Ollie there so shout
out brought a lot of squad we'll see how
that goes again one more time thank you
guys so much for watching and I love you
guys all I really do one case for each
and every single one of my subscribers I
love you guys all imagine that those
three kisses but times 865,000
holy shit how do I play so much
basketball without even getting that
tired but when I go down the stairs and
come back up I'm literally out of breath
anyways enjoy this video I love you guys
all and tune in to the double upload
coming up soon
