got this okay so I just finished eating
my frog right now what time is it 8:30
okay guys but look at this so I was
looking for a Bosley because I'm like
where the fuck did he go like he was
outside the bathroom I go in to wash my
face brush my teeth and I come out he's
not there and look first of all I see my
dad watching faze rug he's a huge
subscriber brook bog Lee are you
watching the video with my dad
yeah are you watching the video too are
you a big fan of rug
yeah Bosley peed on the big bottle of
sriracha yesterday we get ready for a
hearty breakfast mom today Brian's
getting his car okay what's it called so
when I go to Denny's i order meth Lema
the price is right my favorite shot
family remember
yeah when what's-his-name the old fuck
oh yeah Bob Barker he was the host that
was my favorite guys I actually just got
like I don't even want to show you guys
cuz it's actually pretty gross but I
fucking hurt my fingers at the gym
playing basketball like cut pretty deep
and also bruised like kind of sprain
two fingers and like I don't even want
to show the camera I mean it's not too
bad but it's fucking it hurts so fucking
bad obviously I kept playing which
probably made it worse but if fucking I
want to show it's actually pretty bad so
I don't know what I'm gonna do about
this probably just I'm gonna take my
fingers together also put some bandage
so we'll see how this goes hopefully
doesn't turn out too bad
I hate basketball I'm just joking I love
basketball oh my heart but still they
got pretty pretty bad right here who
opened all these packages meaning you
get the gifts right what is that a Rolex
a Rollie pollie what I get so scared I
got some although my dad got tampons or
pads okay guys so at this point of the
video you know I'm back from the gym and
it turns out my mom and dad went out for
a date like the whole day they went out
of town first of all I don't even want
to say my mom dad went out on a day hour
I want to say my mom forced my boring
dad who loves his just stay home and
watching Netflix all day to go go out
with her that's what I want to say so
they went out of town I'm not sure where
they went they were out all day guys I
can't be the only one who when they're
home alone or home with their brother
walks around
naked so come on I'm home alone we want
me to do no parents no I'm walk around
naked it's not my fault we're brothers
okay guys I'm literally naked it's my
favorite thing to do with my mom and dad
aren't home my mom dad went on a date
why do I have to wear clothes if no
one's home it's just me and you you
could I don't care I'm not gonna act
like I've never seen you and be like
wait Bryan what the fuck yeah guys my
favorite thing to do when my mom and dad
go out of town on a day is just walk
around naked Bryan hates me
look guys Bosley doesn't care that I'm
naked Bosley do you care you don't care
right oh hold on guys I got a good buzz
Lee why'd you follow me hold on guys
let's give Brian a little something come
on stop fronting on camera
my brother's fake on camera you know you
would look at the cameras off guys
alterna Brian that's when the cameras
off he he looked he's just friend I
swear on camera he's trying to save his
reputation but anyways guys I'm about to
go them all by myself so Jackie check
this out I actually feel bad for her
Jackie just went home because she's
tired she doesn't want to go to the mall
with me guys you know what it really is
you know watch your home she was pissed
about the prank she was pissed I don't
care in the outro she looked happy she
was pissed she never really cries she
cried during the break she's never hit
me she hit me during the prank she was
like I could tell JIT if you guys watch
it you might not be able to tell she was
that mad because she was kind of like
like I know her she was pissed and like
that's why when she said she wants to go
home but she was tired I knew she wasn't
tired so I'm just let her go home and
cool off she's gonna come back here
after uh after I get back from the mall
my mom and dad are home so that should
be fun but anyway anyways guys so I'm
gonna go to a mall by myself and
hopefully pick some new things up
because like I said when I go shopping
with other people it's hard for me to
shop I just mess around and talk but
when I go to a mall
myself I find it way easier to shop I
can't be the only one I know you guys
some of you guys would rather go to them
all by yourself when it comes to
shopping I just can't get my shopping
done when I'm with other people I get
easily distracted so i'ma go by myself
and yeah I do feel bad for a jacket
because I know she wanted to go to the
mall but she just got pissed so I just
let her cool off I didn't I didn't force
her to come I didn't say anything I just
said okay you want to go home go home
take a nap whatever and I'll see her
after this just why you don't pull that
big of a prank on your girlfriend this
is why I don't do it you guys asked me
why this is why Brian lazy fatass got
pick up six delivery I had no idea even
delivered and Brian pulls the fucking
tricks off the bag pickup Stuart also in
Broadway Brian what am I wearing right
now what did you ask guys look at the
brotherly help I just love using the
tripod on recording bullshit right now
he helped me pick my thumbnail yeah I'll
go it his thumbnail Rises this feels so
weird holding it like this because other
ones are like different that's like a
different card is literally my pose
every time I meet a fan you won't ever
find a different picture you won't ever
find a different pose
every time okay God look at Bobby when I
was right here didn't I know I'm already
ugly normal jacket you okay guys so I'm
about to go to the mall and I asked
Brian economy turned down the invite so
I'm gonna hit the road right now about a
15 20 minute drive guys I honestly don't
need to be recording this right now but
I just want to use this stand because
I've never had one before so Oh Jackie
texted me
okay guys four tags from a Latina
girlfriend you know you're in trouble
let's see oh never mind
see this is why I love my girlfriend but
anyways let's go to the mall white I
forgot a fucking car charger and my
phone's about to die so I need to bring
a car charger really quick oh there's
one right here no guys this lighting is
a 1/2 inch at the pan out of my fucking
someone tripped up and out of my car but
anyways I love this stand because look I
used to record like this and the camera
would trade shut the fuck up and trying
to look long and the camera would focus
on the cross instead of my face and now
focus is on my face Jesus used to take
all the attention from me although he
deserves it more than me all I do is
willing came up to my face anyways guys
I'm surprised I'm on my way to the
hospital right now I'm surprised I'm
even going to the mall if you guys
didn't see which I'm sure you did that
prank that I pulled on my girlfriend for
I don't even know what got into me like
or how the hell I grew the huevos to
fucking
pull that shit vine I never would have
thought honestly like oh you know I
thought maybe with a prank there's
something with her food or just pranked
or something small but never in my life
would I've ever thought that I'd have
the nerve to prank her with something as
big as that she hit me she fucking hit
me in and I'm surprised because she's
like obviously it takes a lot for a girl
to hit their boyfriend less like Ray
Rice shit but that's not what type of
relationship we have so yeah I'm
surprised I'm not on my way to the
hospital now I myself bought the urgent
care because she did hurt me my feelings
but now I'm on my way to the mall and
I'm in love with this camera Stan all
right maybe he's Big Sean rapping right
now oh I sure
only gets worse when you know dance you
don't see the virtual it's all bad
away I forgot it was just a prank I
didn't really cheat on there and I think
I can't we can't really break up so I
don't know why losing to that let me
play some turn up really quick
oh I know just a song I know just the
song when you were drinking but then you
realize it was just a prank so you need
to turn up all the I got you guys wait
for it Oh hold up guys see how we talkin
about you only wanna know the fit it all
in them I always wonder if you ask
yourself is it just last I come all the
time say so good I should never fall
free guys this was literally my mindset
before I prank Jackie look this song
right here
I mean this was my mindset before I had
to I had to literally drink to a savage
I had to
bitch
we're trying to get them all right here
at Sunday quarter lap time 50-mile
powers inch
you're a middle-aged male while you're
driving 50 miles per hour on the freeway
guys but don't get me wrong I could go
from the Uzi to Drake real quick see
don't I'm gonna twist it between us on
everybody people this sand does uh have
my nose appearing bigger than it already
was so there's that about this sand but
I don't care I am - can't say I'm from
fruit loops so it doesn't matter but I
can go from Dracon back blows you're
real quick hold up this is something I
never say - Jackie you was right I was
wrong
we don't say that - yeah why you walk
right in front of the fucking thing why
boom move to the side why are you
walking around the middle Oh found a
parking cuz I was fed right past it
anyways guys I'm having too much fun
with this book instead so I'm gonna get
down to the mall right now and let's see
I'm always show up always I'm gonna buy
some clothes and I never end up actually
doing it so let's see this time if I
could actually find some things that I
like and see if I can make some nice
purchases
who lets me come here I spend too much
money here I get tempted to buy every
single thing not okay guys so this
shopping trip was actually a success I
picked up like I think a jacket a
t-shirt a pair of basketball shorts and
two pairs of shoes so I told you guys
when I come by myself I get my shopping
done I did drop some pretty good chunk
of money but like I said I never really
treated myself I'm always spending money
on other people or just savings so it's
kind of nice to treat yourself once in a
while as long as you don't move it ain't
about the money as long as you're not
doing this literally like every single
day I don't think it's bad to treat
yourself once in a while so also I met a
ton of fans a ton of fans down here at
the mall so shout-out to you guys it's
amazing how even without tweeting or
saying in a video that I was going to be
at the mall that there are still fans
here so it's just crazy thank you guys
so much and I enjoyed meeting you guys
heavily uh thank you guys for watching
my videos but I'm gonna go home and then
show you guys what I picked up today so
stay tuned I don't know at least I
didn't record that okay guys we're about
expose wait while the focus is zoomed in
four weeks money fine what the fuck you
break the calendar okay guys we're about
to expose everything I bought let let's
see if I can out hypebeast
the high beast let's see if I can out a
high beast him No yeah guys so you see
the two pairs of shoes fine here let's
let's really cool really quick let's do
a review inside just really quick hold
on guys oh I can put the stand down look
wait you come right um I
oh my look Brian literally tries to get
me copyrighted on purpose listen
okay so let's put the cam yeah yeah I
get copyrighted okay well I'm not using
a camera Stan okay wait on us with look
at all the cameras I don't think you put
it on
yeah Brian out pixel either oh wow
Bosley gonna put on my way okay that's
how Brandon Green's Bosley Juanita hey
viola good don't be too aggressive
that's why he hates you
hey guys so look I'll start off really
quick with hITRON right the sweater
pretty basic but it's like a good piece
yeah like you can just wait to get food
out - yeah yeah now that's a good one
okay talk about eight visits something
yeah all the way like the one that
chokes you know jacket is we doing the
prank okay I'll move the fucking camera
right here let's say eight and eight
yeah okay so this one Brown you rate at
eight yeah okay next we have shorts
nothing too much with something I can
wear on the house you know when you have
like over that's like nine away they're
like nine up the huh okay and I don't
know how short these are actually but
when you like give them to me now what
do you rate these seven seven okay I'm a
good reviewer about the minutes but
mostly for food yeah I could so I know
about this one it's like the POE
actually okay I went tuxedos that come
actually like yeah like so that was that
like these shapes what do I get to you
know I'm gonna throw this on right now I
didn't even try to look no it's the girl
wanted to rape me so I couldn't known
the thing
that'll meet you yeah I'm going along
but I'll live and that's the style of
the show you know
yep okay now the shoes this way we're
going to call me a hygiene just have a
box one fits okay okay what do you think
of these in my opinion like I can see
they're by a killer dog you got white
yeah you like these yeah cuz I love the
smell Mookie and I just movie oh my god
and or broke it broke it broke good the
scale is inside hook broken I think you
get a okay guys oh my god Brian just
hold it for the last piece god I think I
just broke the fucking okay and laughing
all these vitamins on my favorite
actually I want to see who Nike look
don't you have like the green one look
Brandon you got the same ones those are
nice though those are a good color good
color
okay I think you know how to fix the
fucking good shopping flexin thanks for
the advice okay guys I need to fix my
stand now hey Bosley I love you guys
holy shit wait these aren't even minding
O'Brien's oh well so Best Buy closes at
eight o'clock right it's 7:55 I have
five minutes left my laptop is out of
fucking storage and it's so complicated
to know hold on gotta go and I have to
edit this vlog for tomorrow
so guys Mac fucking Stubbs storage wise
I literally delete all my files I delete
all my videos every time I edit and
upload and I look at what's taking up
most of the startup disk or most of the
storage and it says other like bitch my
laptop is clear of files there's nothing
there's no videos on it there's no
pictures so I'm trying to figure out
what this other is and it's not porn cuz
i watch that on my phone
computers so oh no guys we're gonna
figure this out right now hi yeah that's
fine
I'm trying to make it to Best Buy really
quick they closed at 8 o'clock so he can
come down really quick that's fine yeah
that's fine
what's your name
say what's up to my video it's all
crying you're on camera we can take a
picture cuz I've to take my laptop so I
can add an you ran out of storage okay
and then you know I mean I don't know if
you have come out for sure because we
were making videos in the past to stop
letting people come to the house cause
it kind of got out of control but um we
just make videos
oh yeah I'll put it down okay if I get
my laptop to work you're gonna be my
video tomorrow okay thank you
okay so yeah my laptop's out of storage
and if I can't get this to work then I
can't edit for tomorrow so I need to get
this done guys
and yes I broke the fucking stand that
autumn green green green go go go go oh
oh oh okay so yeah guys hopefully that's
why still open and hopefully they could
do something about this got literally
seven fifty nine and I just are here one
minute before they close the thing that
isn't a fast-food joint or else they
would have spit in my fucking food but
I'll be back the two trannies they
didn't bring me food so now I'm eating
Brian's old pick-up sticks
hey Bosley me five good boy good boy no
garage for you
you guys know that song were actually we
know the people who produce that song
we're actually children they live right
there from San Diego Lemon Grove so
we're actually like right here we know
all those people so that's pretty neat
guys my girlfriend is forcing me to have
a movie night and look we're taking some
snacks upstairs
Lea little how the fuck did they fit in
here
oh yeah guys my mom and dad are out my
dad took my mom out no actually let me
rephrase my dad did not take my mom out
my mom forced my dad to take her out my
mom forced my dad to take her out Jackie
wants to have a movie night we're gonna
go upstairs have a movie night babe I
got all the snacks in my fucking pocket
baby you are what you eat
meaning I'm a pussy well you know I've
been home alone all day you know just
walking around naked too Brian
yeah and he kept saying Bennett what are
you doing like actually what are you
doing guys 107a n just started edging
and I'm crying because I just they just
showed the Sun to replace the game that
I watched earlier I didn't even talk
about it the whole vlog because I was
depressed the sons lost so they out of
the summer league playoffs what's new
the Phoenix Suns lose now
1:41 am I'm on my editing break
let's see some Phoenix Suns articles
these are my editing breaks read some
Phoenix Suns articles I love reading
these things so the shorts
the shorts do you like them better on or
off they're not retros but they're nice
I know baby I have huge feet
