9:38 guys I probably look like shit
right now well hold on let me get this
straight just get out of the way I
always look like shit but right now I
probably look like extra shit because I
just woke up I just got a bathroom brush
my teeth wash my face and I'm about to
go to the gym let me tell you why Jackie
says she's gonna be over you know like
12 o'clock 11:30 so I figured go get the
gym out of the way right now I'm already
awake so why not
hey Bosley Bosley Bosley Bosley you're
looking at me the corner you want
chicken fuck you both sleep okay guys so
if you're wondering Oh shouldn't you be
editing your video right now don't
usually upload at this time well I don't
have a video yet up for today I don't
and I don't have one recorded I don't
have one edited but hold on here's the
trick what time did I say Jackie's
coming over around 11 or 12 just know
around that time I'll have a video up
okay if that doesn't hint to you enough
oh wait the videos aren't gonna be up by
the time you watch this okay so you guys
know I'm pranking here so I'm super
scared right now I'm extremely afraid
but I'm going to the gym to kind of get
the jitters out jitters why don't I say
that so weird to get the jitters out
because doing a prank is always fucking
nerve-wracking especially on my
girlfriend because let me tell you when
my girlfriend gets mad baby girl could
get mad so go to a gym really quick and
the reason I'm not going to a gym at
night is because I decided I'm gonna go
to the mall tonight okay I'm going to go
to the mall because I haven't bought
myself any short shirts jackets hoodies
pants shoes stuff I haven't treated
myself out in so long so I decided you
know what why not just go look around if
I see something I liked and I'll pick it
up if not then but I'm gonna go to the
mall alone because I don't know about
you guys but if I'm with friends if I'm
a family I can't get any shopping done I
just go and mess around only time I can
get shopping guns when I'm
myself I don't get it but that's the
truth every time I go to the mall with
someone I walk out with empty-handed but
when I go alone I thought I could get my
shopping done better so ask for right
now Bosley route ahead to the gym you
want to go to the gym or no no okay I'm
gonna go to the gym I'm not gonna be
there long like I said jack is gonna be
here maybe just work some abs and hold
on dare I say it cuz I never do this
maybe work out some legs probably end up
shooting around it's a basketball come
back hang out with Jackie and attempt to
pull something on her a tent I already
have something in my head but I gotta
talk to my mom and I'm freaking nervous
okay I'm I'm already nervous and okay
wait let me get my keys Bosley's oh shit
avoid the wrinkled socks Oh guys I don't
know if you've heard of this pre-workout
but it's uh it's my favorite pre-workout
actually it's called Mountain Dew from
last night watered-down because all the
ice melted and I don't know where my
keys are I'm hoping they're downstairs
guys I'm gonna go to the gym and I'm
gonna pick back up when I get back so
I'll see you guys soon so yeah guys I
was about to leave to the gym but I but
I decided to go change my shirt and also
I didn't get a chance to show you guys
uh this is my favorite pre gym snack
like this is what I always eat before
going to work out if I'm not trying to
fill my stomach up too much I did my pre
gym potassium dick I'm just joking it's
a banana in case some of you guys didn't
know some of you guys take everything so
literal wait guys I almost forgot the
amino acids BCAAs brand chain amino
acids I gotta pour some water out so I
can fill this but look guys it's all
it's literally all like hard and hold on
let me show you it's like all hard and
expired because I never I'm just fucking
knocked over the water
knocked over the water it's it's all
hard and like moldy because look okay
you guys can't cuz I never fucking work
out so it's gotten all expired by the
pot see look it comes out in a chunk
look okay see this is why my mom
actually hates me and doesn't claim me
as her son cuz I'm actually an idiot
look just look from one scoop and I have
two things up okay anyways I need to
fill this up go to a gym amino-acids
look see what I mean it's all like moldy
because I never use it cuz I do rarely
work out hey my dad Bosley why didn't
you follow my dad speaking of rarely
working out I need to get back into I
was working out heavily a couple months
ago and I kind of slacked off I play too
much basketball now but I got to get
back into working out consistently I
play way too much ball I lose way too
much way I hate it but man I fucking
love basketball so there's that so I'm
getting my gym bag from the trunk and I
realized I forgot to give Jackie's mom's
boyfriend his Father's Day gift
look it's right here in my car with the
cheesecake factory gift first on
Father's Day I got Jackie's mom and her
boyfriend a gift card to Cheesecake
Factory and I got him like a protein
blender shaker and I forgot to give it
to them I'm fucking stupid I come here
to work out and I end up going straight
to the basketball courts look
a little post Jim trimming of the goatee
you already know it was getting a little
too long down my dad's making me a
healthy post-workout meal God how
healthy one through ten I know real one
all fast guys I worked out my legs today
for the first time in a while they
actually feel like jello like I can't
walk like this dad what did you think of
the buzzer beater by the sons you know
what some really I do and I get excited
off it but yeah I'm about a post-workout
healthy meal
no but really my let oh shit yes you
know what you work out your legs and you
can't even go up the stairs at your like
Brian's actually playing Cod for the
first time in his life did you hit a
bill yeah what does that even mean
bodily did you hit a bill a bill sack
and let's see my mom what time is it yes
mom it's almost 12:00
Bosley's newest favorite spot to sit
right in front of the fan in this hot
weather Bosley you like the cold air
just finishing breakfast courtesy of
bran big Ron chevron chevron gasps I
already know you're gonna say that guys
there's three more hours till the Sun
Summer League playoff game
dad how excited
some early ooh okay but I the sun's fan
we don't see playoff six there's the
closest to playoff success that I've
seen in years
I see my dad supports both my channels
look I hear him watching the video from
the NBA channel today dad what are you
watching my dad supports both my
channels not just my main channel hey
babe
Bosley who's here
guys I'm actually dying laughing just
look at the way Bosley stared down
Jackie I don't know what he was thinking
like whether you would like I could
imagine a bunch of different scenarios
in his head
first I could imagine him looking at her
like you better not be here to put me in
the garage or I could imagine her
looking at her like I've been waiting
for you Jackie
you know like with up like that or I
could imagine him like staring at her
and be like Brandon doesn't know we did
last time right guys there just look at
the way he looked at her that she was
hilarious but I was freaking dying I was
like Bosley who's that and he's like
buzzing the but Bosley is just a a cute
fucking ball of fat that's what he is
Bosley is a cute funny ball of fat
Bosley who's that Jackie okay Bosley
wait babe I'll be back is that your
sister-in-law or our pet in-law no I did
look
she told my mom she caught me staring at
a girl's ass which I didn't know I
didn't but I didn't though she's lying I
don't I only look at one
Borat hey Bosley dad where are you going
where are you going dad my dad is Borat
guys she's back I believe it she's alive
no she punched me JT what did you draw
with chalk on the sidewalk Hey
Oh peanut he's saying it's peanut but
he'd do something else
JT why Jackie was so punched me guys
when I said I was gonna go shopping you
don't really think I was gonna miss the
son's game right i'ma wait till after
the game Suns game starts in 30 minutes
I just finished editing my prank let's
see how my girl is doing right now
babe are you still alive why you look
cute you look dumb
why are you watching naked guys why are
you watching naked guys why are you
watching naked guys why are you watching
naked guys okay fuck you first thing
that you could leave my room okay where
you leave my room yeah exactly I know
you actually never have never laid a
hand on me for it like a year over and
you beat my ass guys look at all this
makeup on my shirt just from her
harassing me that her hands and face
were all over my damn
okay that did your fault don't even tell
me about that honestly yeah angry I
would never ever think how did I wake
you up no I did not
I was just editing and then you woke up
are you going are you going back to
sleep or I staying up I'm almost done
okay so I need to take a shower and of
all places buzzer decides to take a nap
right here Bosley I need to take a
shower come on please guys look oh shit
the camera almost out guys do you like
this angle better look oh shit I like
this yeah and I've been wanting to buy
like a new tripod yeah guys this is wait
that's what it's called a tripod or a
fucking crawl spiders crawlers guys look
at this look what I got
accessible from Brian but look look yeah
you know how everyone complains that I
vlog like this and they said dawanna
days we want to see your chain and your
big-ass nose and your fucking pubic hair
on your chin we want to see like this
and I always say on my arm well look now
hold on look now I could walk like this
okay guys somebody go to the mall pride
I like this angle look
look and now became but as a foam buzzer
it does oh look at slowly falling oh it
is falling it literally took me a
hundred almost eight hundred and thirty
thousand YouTube subscribers to finally
get a fuckin tripod but yeah guys my
videos about to finish uploading hit
them all god load unified self vlog like
this with the tripod Brian can I still
vlog like this with the tripod hey guys
2:14 am I'm almost done editing the vlog
almost so I need to finish editing this
ball cuz I want to put ok guys so what I
was gonna say is I needed to finish this
vlog tonight because I love playing
lunchtime basketball at the gym and they
play pretty early so most of the time I
wake up and my vlog isn't done being
edited or uploaded so I miss out on
playing basketball but I was determined
I'm I'm in such a mood to play
basketball tomorrow first of all then I
just hold on I'm actually an idiot
I literally just this morning said all I
need to cut down on basketball I need to
start lifting more put on some muscle
and now I'm dying staying up till 2:30
a.m. to try to get my vlog done just to
play more basketball
I literally contradict myself so much
but anyways yeah so I had to get this
vlog done you know what the weird part
is I'm not even tired my sleep schedule
is so fucked up my sleep schedule is
messed up it's almost 3:00 a.m. I'm not
even tired almost on editing these while
editing this vlog but yeah so they play
lunchtime basketball at the gym pretty
early around 10 or 11 a.m. so I wanted
to get this done so I could wake up
throw my double socks on put my shoes on
and go play some basketball so I'll
leave some on pace to do that anyways
yeah I gotta force myself to sleep
because it's pretty late right now I'm
not sure if you guys know but it's kind
of late right now but anyways
oh one last thing I hope you guys
enjoyed that new camera angle because a
lot of people have complained about the
way I vlog you know pretend this is my
camera I hold it like this I don't know
why god I just don't know it's a bad
habit and a lot of
Big Papi on the TV so Jackie calls me
but anyway uh yeah a lot of people
complain about my vlogging angle and
rightfully so sometimes I watch my vlogs
and I'm just like this angles pretty
shitty so I hope you guys liked that new
camera angle I'm gonna start using that
way more often so aside from that I hope
you guys like that new camera angle I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog it's
pretty short compared to my other vlogs
honestly but uh so hope you guys enjoyed
regardless per watt Squad hashtag wrote
to 1 mil we're getting so so close and
I'm gonna make a video pretty soon about
that so stay tuned I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and much love thank
you for joining me along on this crazy
crazy journey thank you for tagging
along this crazy journey
I know i'ma save it for the video I'm
making about almost hitting a million
subscribers but anyways I need to force
myself to sleep so for wat squad thanks
for watching way that was so stupid
hold on let me try it if falling for
wall squad thanks for watching oh oh let
me try this one more line you know Stone
Cold Steve Austin
waaaagh thanks for watching
hey the water actually spilled over my
phone charger it's fuckin 3:00 in the
morning almost time to go to bed guys
I'm out oh wait before I go to sleep
guys I need to catch up on my daily dose
or nightly dose of NB articles guys I
love reading and B articles like nothing
better than after I finish editing my
vlog ESPN or NBA TV on the television
screen and then NB articles on my phone
or laptop I love that I swear and
obviously texting my beautiful
girlfriend but I love and B articles I
love reading those so I'm gonna read
some of those and go to sleep like a
baby like this so anyways thank you guys
so much for watching once again I can't
say thank you enough thank you so much
for watching this video
