I got this so what are we doing no mom
you killed that I'm scared hold on guys
let me place the camera down really
quick okay mom come here well I'm don't
show those yet okay that's so really
quick so Jackie's on her way over right
now this is I'm scared that I'm scared
mom I didn't sweating my own eye and I'm
sweating like my ashes wedding I don't
care and she's not even here so what
we're gonna do
I wanted to just let you watch it but
let me explain a really quick so I went
out to target shout out fucking and I
bought I actually love though okay I
bought these panties okay the reason I
bought these like yellow and this
whatever design no offense anyone who
owns these but Jackie doesn't weigh
these kind of whatever mama know what
Jackie does not wear these hacky panties
so what we're gonna do is when Jackie
comes over me and her just gonna chill
my room I have the camera hidden
somewhere I'm gonna cover it with I'm
gonna make it hidden and my mom's gonna
walk in and access as Jackie left he's
at my house you're like oh you have no
respect why would you leave these at my
house and and Jackie knows damn well
these aren't ours I know they're not
ours but I'm gonna be like yeah babe
why'd you leave them at my house I'm
always gonna leave Jackie knowing these
aren't hers I want to see her reaction
so essentially what this prank is gonna
be is Jackie catching me with another
girl's panties off okay so oh my god
dude so okay so me and Jackie when she
gets here I'm just waiting on her test
she should be in like 30 minutes or so
and I'm this nervous she's like no I'm
gonna tell you chill mom I can't listen
you guys look at him you might this is
the last time you see him on Pete guys
listen not only my pranking somebody not
only my pink breaking a friend not only
my freaking my girlfriend Amanda she is
latina mommy Lily saying you're crazy
they aren't growing like little Eason
okay but this is guys I pranked her
before you know something minimal you
know this is going to be insane and now
we just play the waiting game she should
be here close to an hour like 30 minutes
mom I'm scared how can I come through
well hold on I'll tell you what to do
now okay so all in all essentially what
this is gonna be is that Jackie's gonna
have left her panties in my room here
and my mom picked them up and took them
away like oh you got caught and she's
gonna present them to her as a throw
no no no don't throw your face I feel
that just say just say do you not have
any respect how are you gonna leave
these in my son's room my ball wha dad
what do you think is gonna happen to me
you know oh no we'll see so now we play
the waiting game for Jackie okay guys so
Jackie's here holy shit i I'm dirty
come on look I'm fucking nervous as hell
so if you guys have never seen a prank
from me just know I like to keep them
going pretty long okay why isn't she
getting out of her car I like to keep
them going pretty long and I turn into a
dick like for a prank because in my head
okay whatever oh my god she just found
out look sup baby girl you better get
praying okay hold on let me hide my
camera real quick okay so I'm gonna
place it somewhere here and I'm gonna
cover it with like a t-shirt or
something so that you can't see it
yeah I like to keep my pranks going
pretty long and I like to act like a
dick because in my head if you're gonna
prank you know you're gonna end up
telling them it's a prank anyway so you
might as well go for douchebag actually
I'm Mike I'm talking Brian I'm so
fucking scared yeah so my head for prank
like we're gonna end up I'm gonna to
prank anyways you want to get the best
reaction you don't want am i really you
don't want like my reaction so I just
turned into a fourth douchebag to try to
stop hey babe hey why do you hate when i
vlog you look good camera ready oh no
guys look what happy no look give me a
kiss hold on no I won her no you kissed
my club she she wears makeup and it
messes up my white t-shirts
Bosley who's here Bosley who's that
Jackie yeah okay Bosley wait babe I'll
be back okay guys so Jackie's downstairs
right now with my mom and I like fucking
making coffee or something and I'm just
trying to set the angle up really quick
um I need to hold on I need you I'm
gonna cover it I'm gonna cover it with a
towel hide the camera so she can't see
guys I'm fuckin stoned herb is like my
heart right now is literally you know
the cartoon is where the heart goes like
this that's cuz they're in love my heart
is going like this cuz I'm so fucking
scared
you do not mess with a Latino girlfriend
you don't mess with your girlfriend at
all let alone a Latina but hold on let
me cover the Kim
okay guys what do you think
okay let's open Jackie have we can I
broke the controller for my ps3 you can
watch the son's game that starts in an
hour and 20 minutes
watch the yesterday is a different one
why cuz there's two quarterfinals
watching or something
yeah yeah mom hey oh wow where you going
no no thank you those worried right I
don't know
somewhere out of here um Jackie just one
thing I want to tell you please what
remember leaving stuff like shirts and
pants and shorts and stuff in the house
I don't mind I wash em hang them for you
and stuff but please leaving this is not
a mom yeah just next time please speak
up those things okay that's our own it's
not a thing last time I found one I
throw it away I don't wanna embarrass
you but I'm doing it all the time I
don't wanna talk to her
yeah don't even anymore no no diminish
all the veterans a lot of time you're
embarrassing us my heart swelled the
iron bears doing that Eileen oh okay all
talking okay let's see more okay I know
mama she's sorry
hey I told you not to leave I know
yes they are no they're not what do you
mean these aren't you word I have never
seen this in my life sort of just say
sorry to my mom and she doesn't sorry
before what I didn't these aren't mine
you made it worse by saying they're not
yours you should've just said sorry why
would I apologize for something I didn't
do these aren't mine you were will use
the other night one have you ever seen
me wear this
I don't know I'm in my head up when you
took your pants off all like why the
fuck would you involving the same thing
are you serious these are not mine I
would never ever wear those okay put
your one have you seen me
no I'm serious when have you seen me
with those hey first of all what size
are they your size
no they're small I'm extra small size is
definitely not extra small no I'm
serious I am hey you have a big butt you
underestimate no I'm serious I'm what is
that okay pick your movies not lecture
what do you mean the time
or aren't lazy always try to blame me
for everything
okay so she found under one your room
that are yours fine
look I'm serious pay attention I'm not
gonna hate you okay but what I pay
attention you're accusing me obviously
of doing something okay because really
these are mine I've literally never worn
them so you've seen them on somebody
mitts on you I've never ever ever have
one hey you're really trying to blame me
the most loyal boyfriend on earth no but
I'm saying where the fuck are these
coming from from you knees are not mine
look look let me say I want you to see
me when we pick a movie let me just say
one thing
I don't why not because we came here to
100 before you go to work you're gonna
stress yourself out before work let me
just tell you really quick and then you
can be happy I touch one girl you I look
at one girl you I do stuff for one girl
you I kiss one girl you and that's it
I'm Brandon you're Jackie we're Brendan
and Jackie were dating that's it we're
fine let's watch a movie I don't know
what channels I got Bryce Mike you're
avoiding this subject yes sir these are
not mine I mean his are they just tell
me please why don't you tell me just
answer what are you trying to tell what
are you trying to say about me that's
what I'm asking you what are you trying
to say about me it better not be that
you thought I'd cheat on you cuz I don't
do that shit well I don't do that
there's underwear in your yours yours
you act like you don't come here babe
they're in your work yes are you
personal
I'm serious you're laughing because you
know they're not mine why would I laugh
thanks why would I laugh - fine I'm
laughing because you're crazy these are
yours these are yours I wanted to say
something last time when you took your
pants off but I don't want to be you're
actually fucking stupid you really mom
season on I okay you said you were gonna
in me so why'd you throw it at my face
because you're pissing me off you're
laughing because you know they're not
mine then who would they be
I talked about how you have your
fingerprint in my phone used to go ahead
I talked to one girl and that's you and
my mom you got her because I talked to
my mom too
okay okay hold on okay okay they're
yours see they're yours you're breaking
on okay so why are you letting me see
your phone because I don't want you to
read all the sports - okay well I can
read sports stuff it's not like I'm here
listen listen those are yours we're
about to watch a movie these aren't mine
then whose are they in does it I don't
know what are you trying to say about me
what are you trying to say really quick
you know what I'm trying to say Donna
I'm serious okay they're not yours
they're not they're not yours what do
you mean they're not not yours
whose are they you know they're not
yours now I'm admitting they're not
yours okay so cools are they're not
yours they're different girl I they were
in my room different girls so now it's
girl it's not one one no it's one girl
that I cheat on me with one girl that
look at me that's it
listen you'd have sex me for three days
three days Louie fucking idiot hey okay
you show you what man Hey
okay well too bad it wasn't me a fucking
River why oh my god I'm serious why one
girl what's so bad what a girl what's so
bad listen to me okay trying really hard
to keep my cool are you actually a
dumbass how are you keeping your cool
you threw the underwear at my face and
nasty girls uh nasty fans these were
fans you do it on my face I don't know
where they lay me a fan damn like they
don't watch a fan but for watch all the
she 12 no she wasn't
obviously of age am I on that yeah you
are you've been at work all the time you
had sex me four nights and nights and
you expect me to just stay dry life
definitely looks like a 12 year old oh
yeah am I facing you're not asking you
who's these are it's sooner or later I'm
serious I don't have a picture I mean
you don't know I'm fucking leaving you
no no no okay serious stop okay out you
hurt me
stop I'll actually punch you look at my
background you actually think I would do
anything to you look at my background
yeah I want this to the shit either
what's the girl could we sell this I
paid a lot for this yeah I'm sure
god there's nothing on my hand I'm
serious okay oh you never touched me for
nine months and now laughing I'm serious
what the fuck was it a joke okay I'll
tell you her name oh I'll tell your name
I'll tell your name this come okay come
on
I'll tell you everything just come near
me I'll tell you everything know why
okay just come on the bed and I'll tell
you everything
why are you crying because we did how my
dick it was one time everyone has a
second chance second chance my ass fuck
you you bitch hey okay okay come on the
bed and I'll tell you everything you
want to know okay I'll show you give me
my phone and I'll show you give me my
phone and I will show you give me my
phone and I'll show you so I'm hitting
me I went to the gym today
I don't know fuck you're skinnier than
me bitch starla oh okay hold on oh my
mom what does she know
hold on listen okay just sit I'll tell
you everything don't hit me again don't
hit me you punch me the face you know my
stomach hold on let me tell you do you
want to see it yeah what's her name I
don't know everything just came over I
just hold on oh okay I'll tell you I'll
tell you I'll tell you don't leave come
on down come here come just come on
touch me okay you were just on to that
I'll gonna tell you you went on a
rampage yeah hold on look out okay oh
you're hurting me oh I'm hurting you
yeah give me one kiss cuz I'll tell you
everything just hi you serious stop it
you haven't you touched me you haven't
hit me for the one he almost one year
we've been together you're gonna hit me
a million times now yeah
no girls already cheated on me domestic
violence works both ways I never hit you
you never hit me boy and girl girl or
boy same thing okay I never cheat on you
so that's no no who knows yeah okay okay
let me give you one kiss on my side
please
okay I won't touch you I don't hate you
okay fine and I'm not laughing because
it's funny I think I'm sorry because you
hate me and you always said I'll never
hate you
okay well okay hold on I never thought
you what you don't get oh okay fine I'll
tell you I'll tell huh
okay let me tell you you're already me
I'm serious
what did you expect you did have sex me
for three days okay
my name is cry me a river I don't have
sex with you for five days when I'm on
my period so that's one yeah that's an
excuse you weren't on your period so why
would you have said she didn't like you
okay okay okay
hold on don't you mean one I'll tell you
let me give you one person I'll tell you
let me give you one come on stop why are
you laughing give me a kiss I'm Alex and
I'll tell you no stop going through my
phone
there's too much sports talk for your
brilliant Philip stop no my phone go to
my fine just got this company ah okay
give me a kiss and I'll tell you no okay
okay hold on hold on you know who the
fan is you know the fan is hold on don't
you psycho
well you know the fan is I do want to
know what it I know what it ain't sure
you want to know what it okay you I know
I bought it from Target I bought that
from fucking target I bought them I know
I have the receipt I have mercy
tell me who it is show me the girl I'm
serious I don't see I'm feared the
camera that you see on the right there
under the towel okay now the camera I'm
gonna tell fucking me oh thank you buddy
I'm gonna go cameras right there
look under look just once okay okay okay
okay okay funny
I'm not laughing anymore let me define
the fuck on you okay let me show you the
throw down let me show you the coaches
get off get off no okay oh okay this I'm
not doing anything anymore I'm serious
I'm serious
I never cheated look look fucking piece
of shit
look over there where are you serious
this is a sunny yeah I used to use
your mom wouldn't lie though so but if I
have one mark look it's alright
it's probably thanks your mom wouldn't
lie to me actually those are from Target
I have the receipt well why would you
moonlight because she was in on the
prank I'll show you the fucking intro
you're amazing your cycle let me ask her
second line don't touch me hey okay it's
a prank what the cameras right there
what I've been recording for fun yeah
no I didn't it's a prank look nice when
Tatsuya shot say hi at least the camera
don't be rude at blocking off the view
no I wanna know okay okay let's ask my
mom come look please okay okay they're
from Target I'll show you the receipt
mom mom
babe my mom left my mom left I swear to
God you could call her she left I'm
serious okay I'll show you the receipt
oh my God look what you did to my bed
yeah babe I'm joking I can go three days
without say but although you better have
something ready for me right now
I'm just joking okay mom you call her no
you don't trust me that's not my fault
okay babe please just do the outro nice
I just hurt myself
you hurt yourself look at me I have red
everywhere spread all over my body I'm
not even sure how do i distribute it was
a prank oh you're actually stupid see
guys this is why I told y'all scared and
I didn't want to prank a Latina girl
because this is what happens I'm so done
you can keep your watch cuz I heard
don't ever want to touch you okay she's
not answering I'm you saying the Racine
guys she's back
I believe it she's a lot you guys what I
don't what I would never ever hit him
like that but I actually like it's like
once you see something and you actually
interest or anymore like like just
imagine being put in that position where
his mom comes in with underwear like
that's like proof right in front of your
eyes like you just keep asking my mom
didn't answer and I can't find the
receipt but this is what trust me is she
trusted me anyways so yeah no I actually
I've never been that mad before I heard
you guys babe
I warned them before I started actually
it hurts so bad look I said I said I'm
scared to do to her because she's latina
she's a girl and I won't ever ever hit
like that's probably the first time of
everything wouldn't ever think I'll
prank you that bad right now yes she
didn't even knows I have a brain
I can't as minimally like I think there
was smaller things but even myself I
would never think I'll Pinker with
something like this it's just it's like
basically seeing your boyfriend make out
with a girl right and kind of make out
yeah like I just like her and I was so
pissed and I didn't mean that about the
fan I'm just policy I got out to the fan
who snuck in my window like in bitch
cunt you guys I hope never to have been
so hungry oh my god balls to myself a
couple months ago someone told me oh do
a cheating prank on Jackie where she
found panties you I would say no fuck
that I'm too scared now babe I wouldn't
ever you would never think I'll prank
you that bad I've done some smaller
pranks on her but never this bad never
guys I was so close to slapping him on
the face did you slap me punch me you
elbowed me what do you mean you were so
but like like you know like then
novellas baby say goodnight say goodbye
oh my god dad I'm actually pissed
okay well look in other words you did
leave this here last night watching no
you can't because I'm out offensive
thing he really thinks I would wear
something yeah yeah babe I bought these
purposes because I knew you wouldn't
believe that they were yours I would
still give entities on these are fuckin
ass babies mom no she punched me
yeah she didn't even she wouldn't ever
think God look at her makeup look cuz
she fucking was gonna kill me look at
all this makeup oh my god Paige mom know
she like was harassing me I need to edit
this video actually I yeah you should
probably get timed only this was so
believable because she would never think
I'll prank her like that ever
