got this okay guys so this video was
originally gonna go up to my NBA channel
but after adding it editing it I
realized it wasn't strictly like an NBA
taught video you know Jackie was in it
there was some Brian in it it was kind
of more like a vlog which is pretty much
a reaction to a son's game and I haven't
done those in a couple months people
asked me for them all the time and I'm
just like it's the off season what can I
do so I decided to put this up on my
main channel and I hope you guys enjoyed
the video I really I used to do Phoenix
Suns game reactions a bunch way before
and I haven't done one in a while so I
hope you guys enjoyed the this video if
you guys missed these types of videos
here is honestly probably my best one
this was a great one so enjoy this video
guys look Suns are down by one in the
summer League playoffs the quarterfinals
with five and a half minutes left
Jamal Murray needs to stop scoring nope
okay hold on let me update you on the
situation there's bender guarding the
ball no Jamal Murray oh my god right
when I said he needs to stop fucking
scoring okay so let me tell you so first
of all Devin Booker is no longer playing
he only played the first two games and
then he's out whatever they don't want
him to play anymore because in the least
caucus way he's too good for summer
league and he's practicing he's
practicing with Team USA in a couple
days so they don't want to risk anything
so he's out marques Crist our number
eight pick top ten pick in the draft
he's out because he has the flu he's ill
he missed the last game and he's missing
today so it's pretty much up to Tyler
Ulis and Dragan bender
five minutes left we're down by three
okay here Tyler Ulis got fouled so he's
shooting free throws first of all how
the hell's Jimmer is still playing this
early okay Jimmer hit a transition three
a couple minutes ago and I act like in
transition pull-up three a couple
minutes ago and I actually had to stop
and check appearing at BYU Jersey like I
thought we were stuck in 2011 2010
I'll talk generators to the transition
three okay so let me tell you guys
really quick I wish I put the camera oh
well so I know I said you know when
summer leaks
our dog they go I don't care how the
sons do you know just some of the you
doesn't mean shit but hold on but when
your team aka the Phoenix Suns Jamal
Murray
oh my gosh yes
I know but when your team has missed the
playoffs six years in a row
aka the Phoenix Suns I don't care I take
these summer league playoffs to heart
that's what bad teams do they take the
summer league playoffs to heart so now
Phoenix Suns down by three guys somes
down by three with four and a half
minutes left usually I wouldn't care
it's just summer league I really don't
care but but I care my team has missed
the playoffs is six years straight so
summer league plows actually mean a
little something to me I'm just joking
if they lose I really don't care okay
fine I do but yeah
winner of this advances to the final
four of the summer league is a
quarterfinals winner into the final four
so we'll see again no Devin Booker and
no marquise Chris but we'll see if they
could pull it off Jamal Murray scores
again oh no Jimmer yeah that's the NBA
Jimmer I know
Jimbo was actually pulling up from three
I'm just like I'm just like what is this
BYU like we're watching college ball
right now okay well a Denver got its
offensive rebound just like regular
season Suns the summer league Suns can't
rebound okay who hit that three Jamal
Murray hit a three I turned my head for
one second I've had enough of him
bender bender for three oh my god okay
guys three-point game with the national
it's left me one right I'm literally the
only press in the world who cares this
much about summer league what are you
doing what like this shoot
oh no Ben no no no no no no nope get
that ball oh my god oh my god bender you
could tell better than ever Jack's off
every time he tries to catch the ball it
just slips right out okay well yeah the
summer league stuns it's like I'm
watching the regular season Suns we can
rebound for she okay down by three three
minutes left
Tyler Ulis dribbling up the court Tyler
Ulis looks like me on the court babies
like as tall as you
vendor another three oh my god bender
you bitch
consistency people okay Tyler Ulis out
of half-court eight on the shot clock
oh I love Tyler Ulis you know and yeah I
like Devin Booker big Booker looks like
a dad I'm gonna give you a baby just to
the back home if you like Devin Booker
but oh that's one ball that's our ball
yes big sauce Allen Williams takes the
ball sun's down by one
oh he's shooting though guys literally
if Tyler Ulis was like three or four
inches taller he would have gone top ten
in the draft he would have been up with
Chris Dunn but it's obvious the
comparisons Isiah Thomas for Tyler Ulis
but to me he reminds me of a Chris Paul
obviously he's not gonna be as good as
Chris Paul but the way he plays because
Chris Paul's undersized people don't
know that he's only 6 feet 6 1 that's
not too tall he's undersized he plays
this is where he differs from Isiah
Thomas the most Isiah Thomas is a scorer
first guard so when people compare Tyler
Ulis Isiah Thomas that's only for size
they play nothing alike Tyler Ulis is a
floor general he likes to pass he leads
the whole summer league in assists and
his defense Isaiah Thomas no offense I
love Isaiah Thomas he's a great scorer
he's a fucking all-star for crying out
loud and I loved him in Phoenix he
doesn't like to play D he's not a
defender Tyler Ulis although he's gonna
have trouble matching up with bigger
guards like Westbrook like in the NBA
even that Derrick Rose he's gonna have
trouble guarding them he plays really
really feisty on D he's really small and
pesky so he goes up he's leading summer
league in assists and also steals so I
think he compares to Chris Paul of
course like I said he's not gonna be as
good he's not I'm not saying he's gonna
be the next Chris Paul but he plays
similar to Chris Paul so for all you who
compare him to Isiah Thomas yeah the
high okay but he plays nothing like
Isaiah
anyways I don't know how the hell he
fell to the second round but thank you
too baby you know the only reason he
fell to the second round
right before the draft started someone
reported he had like a hip injury so
scared teams away I'm starting to think
that Devin Booker somehow got into the
files of teams and reported that hip
injury because yeah I know Devin Booker
started a rumor or something cuz in case
you guys didn't know Devin Booker and
Tyler Ulis best friends they dorm
together in Kentucky
they played obviously together on the
basketball team in Kentucky Devin Booker
was down there when uh Tyler Ulis got
drafted like he was at his house he was
at you lose his house I don't know how
he fell to the second round but I'm not
complaining that's a steal to me anyways
let's get back I know you all this has
been going head to head with Jamal
Murray u.s. was number pick number 34
Jamal Murray was pick number seven put
him on skates Tyler any scores right now
at the hoop Sun's up by one less than
two minutes left
just don't let Murray get hot he's
already hot but just make someone else
score oh oh and they call the foul guys
I want to check how many points Ulis has
Tyler's five-foot-nine I'm five foot
nine I already got my shit swatted which
is why he's in the NBA and I'm singing
at home Ulis has 16 points and 4 assists
and only one turnover his assistant
turnover ratio is really good Jamal
Murray has 24 points he's lighting it up
Jimmer has the nerve to score 16 I swear
I literally have to keep checking for
says BYU big Jimmer when he played at
BYU literally averaged like 30 points a
game in college and then he came and now
he's iving like in in the league you
stuck on to some of these any lot he's
Canadian Jamal Murray Suns ball oh why
you bad that better you bitch no oh it
is no miss you missed saw hey guys
Oh bender just gave it away like that
okay a minute and a half Suns ball
they're up by one they've are you
laughing give you props issues
hold it ulis why whoo that counts
we're gonna they're gonna review it but
so far it counts Alan Williams Sun's up
by three Gus I love how Booker's emerged
as a fucking leader The Dude's 19 19
years old and he's he's already a leader
no no no oh my god bitch Ref guys I
think cuz you already know bender
marques Chris and Tyler rules have a
spot on the team but I think of all
people in the Phoenix Suns summer league
roster that have the biggest chance to
make it has to be Alan Williams he has
an aunt guaranteed contract but I'm
pretty sure they're gonna guarantee it
he plays hard and he could rebound the
ball but yeah Earl Watson has been on
all the games Devin Booker obviously has
been on all the games Bledsoe was there
the first weekend TJ Warren was there
Alex Len Brandon Knight and Jared Dudley
obviously so it just feels like the team
is way more connected and United from
last year you already know last year the
team was like this split apart with the
whole Markieff Morris drama and
chemistry was so awful at seeing so it
looks like they're fighting to bring
that chemistry back I know
Jamal Murray second free-throw is good
so Denver is down by two with 57 seconds
left
this intense you lose the step-back oh
oh yeah no foul there
okay sun's out by 2 30 seconds left
Denver ball no no no no no no Oh bet no
no fuck up defender
Jamal Murray does not miss okay guys
look no it floats it for oh no froze
again
okay Suns tie game 11 seconds left ten
not you either you'll see two
game-winner pull up or they fouled him I
win the porn on the bone is guys Denver
those smart asses they gave
took their foul to give with only one
second left the Sun shoulda attacked
sooner but yeah there's Jamal Murray
shot aim Allen Williams could rebound
he's a big body he could be our third
stream Center and he plays hard so and
he's been with the Suns throughout all
the offseason activities so I'm pretty
sure they're gonna bring him off the
summer league roster ok I'll get back to
you when the game is back on
Jamal Murray has 22 in the second half
the dude could score he can't do much
else he's a combo guard not really a
point guard but if there's one thing he
could do he could put the ball in the
damn hoop I think he complements mudiay
well cos mudiay is a pass for his point
guard I'm not really sure why they took
him though because they have Gary Harris
but anyways you don't pass up a talent
like that at number 7
ok Suns ball one second left 1.5 to be
exact
bender the bendigo South Bend about
faulty shooting free throws imagine he
misses the ball but they're shooting two
free throws yes let's see if Dragan
bender can ice close out the game
probably not
bender smart with the pump fake see
that's where that experience comes in
he's only 18 but here's a fun fact babe
listen his contact he moved away from
home from his parents at 12 years old to
play professional basketball
professional basketball ever since he
was 12 years old
so although he's only 18 and he's really
young he's smart he's been coached and
everything for six years straight I know
babe
he missed the first he makes the first
bender please don't do this to me oh my
god Devin Booker all I see is a go when
they show Devin Booker on TV haha
that's a sheep bender if you miss this
go back to Croatia please don't even
step foot on the court in Phoenix this
upcoming season come on bender okay his
last free-throw for the win
Oh bender hey fucking serious bender all
you hear this kind of report before you
got drafted hold on this is the best
part
oh he's a great shooting big you could
shoot the ball for some other size you
could shoot the fucking ball yeah you
can shoot the fucking ball up my ass one
free throw one oh my
listen I actually want this for my Pete
Oh is caught look guys I don't eat
yellow skittles my pizza was fucking
cold I wanted to finish after the game
and now it's going to overtime fuck
dragon why guys in summer league over
times only two minutes so we're still
tied with 50 seconds left
Tyler Ulis got Jamal Murray's guarding
you-let's uses 592 memories like six 465
he has like six or seven inches on him
Jewish Falls oh my god oh my god yeah
Denver ball Stan got shot clock
violation Allen Williams big sauce ice
God bender what the fuck how do you
bring both here on the whole game we'll
see if the suns Wayne benders redeemed
of his missed misery I would put bender
in the garage I would put him on that
often Michael Jordan crying guys the sad
thing is bender has looked pretty good
this summer like his shots aren't really
falling but he's played well mobility
his defense the way he handles the ball
is passing and he breaks two fucking
free-throws 25 seconds left
get up
get the ball get the ball my god
now Denver holds for the last shot
because we can't get a fucking rebound
we forced them to miss and that we can't
get a rebound does that sound familiar
yeah because it happened to all of last
season babe this is when you're supposed
to be a girl good girl friend and say
babe it's only Summerlee you don't worry
and then I'm supposed to calm down don't
tell you only something still game okay
guys 15 seconds left Denver ball tie
game
felonies we lost why do you hate me wait
backlog look weird it's on a pony bed is
back on guys wanted dragon better have
to do this to my wife okay one defensive
stop
it'll bender just birthed imagine how
bad is bricks no fuck yeah
cuz the Sun sons have the worst luck
regardless Summer League preseason
regular season playoffs the sun's out
the worst like 10 seconds left Denver
Bowl you'll let you gotta get up no no
no no no yes go no why like I said God
hates me he lost the ball the sun's
stripped the ball they stole it he
recovered and he to Leia a wide open one
where was been there the Sun stripped
the ball and it lands right back in his
fucking hands Wow I'm the Phoenix Suns
have the worst luck no matter what
fucking thing ever
Suns ball one 1.8 seconds left
1.8 seconds left
Suns down by 2 ok got Tyler Ulis back no
no
hey big prey know what no Brian
what channel 30 what's hill 30 oh my god
dip babe no way no Tyler Ulis oh my god
I just tweeted how the sun's out the
worst look
oh my god Brian Brian get out of the
bathroom no way Brian
the sons ha ha ha yes Tyler Ulis oh my
god yes babe I have to be the only guy
who guesses at you please line up
Booker was hyped Booker's first along
the fucking court guys I just tweeted
Tyler Ulis is literally the go like he's
the greatest of all time I don't even
care Tyler yours for the win game winner
but fuck I'm so happy I don't even care
he hit that cell phone me that look the
gada interviewed me remember right now
guys holy shit bender you fucking bender
fuck
Wow cuz I'm a winding to show Brian
Brian calm cool you are cool dress okay
no no no no don't get my god shut up
Bosley okay look right so first it was a
tie game and the Nugget it did yeah I
know like it fell right his hands
okay look Lewis was the inbounder they
play I know
because smoly I know right no no aah
holy fucking shit I thought it was just
gonna be like a chew or something he
does long as fries what the fuck my god
that's the only ocean girl we live in
Darfur is gonna be all over my stuff box
