got this okay guys before this video
starts you guys need to know one thing
this videos from last week when I went
to Vegas this video was not yesterday
was not today from last week but I felt
like it was really funny and it was
actually entertaining so I felt they
need to upload it so just in case anyone
was confused no I'm not currently in
Vegas this is from last week and that
being said I hope you guys enjoyed this
video very much okay guys so I always
you know procrastinate I always leave
stuff till the last minute but never as
bad as today look let me just show you
instead of tell you I'll first show you
the time
12:52 I'll then tell you what time the
uber is going to be outside of my house
to pick me and Jackie up 1:30 we're
headed to the airport now let me show
you my video is still rendering look at
that it's only a court focused bitch
okay I don't know it's only a quarter of
the way done rendering the circle hard
to finish that's when it renders I then
have to upload okay and then let me tell
the biggest thing God hold no first let
me pack no oh my god okay so so I just
finished editing my blog just got a
haircut just hopped out the shower the
vlog is still rendering I don't know how
much longer is done for that then we
have to upload it the reason I have to
upload and finish before those because
I'm bringing my laptop with me to the
trip usually when I go on a trip I pre
record videos in advance make them and
have them pre uploaded for when I'm gone
and I still get a video don't forget
every day this trip I wasn't able to do
that it was so last-minute I'm going for
five days four nights so was just too
much work instead of taking some days
off and not uploading I'm bringing my
laptop with me to the trip I'm bringing
my camera and I'm gonna edit I'm a setup
editing and editing guys on the trip so
I gotta bring my laptop with me
obviously I can't upload one it's in the
luggage on the way to the airport you
need Wi-Fi so I need to wait for it to
upload and then biggest things still
fuck look at this okay and then I need
to go to the bank because when I was in
Vegas fucking every single atm Hotel
charge me like seven eight nine dollar
fee every time I try to take cash out so
I'm gonna take some cash out before I go
and then I could just have catchments
on/off to go to those fucking thief ATMs
that's what they are they're thieves
take eight or nine bucks even if I want
to take out a $20 bill eight dollar
charge and I'm just like fuck that
so my head's about to explode I have the
biggest headache ever and uh yeah let me
get my shit done I mean stop logging for
now guys wait before I go to the bank I
got two things to say one shot on my
barber open the shop early just for me
just to come me before I go on this
flight shoutout to you Tony
second thing just got my cut it's time
to go pack and finish anything my vlog
but you know how to step by step like
how easy would it have been for me to
say okay I'm going on vacation I upload
every single day when I'm at home let me
just take like two or three days off
don't upload and then come back and
upload daily instead no I'm taking my
laptop with me I'm gonna be 21 years old
in Vegas up all night not at the club
not drunk not hanging out I'm gonna be
up on my editing in the hotel room in
the hotel suite for you guys so you know
I'm not trying to say anything but just
realize that I do do things for you guys
okay you look like a hot mom okay
come walk towards me stopping ratchet I
see green neon starts with me with
booties and a booty and a hot mom look
I'll just put them at the end you know
just finished uploading I'm still
packing I'm almost done but I gotta
bring the laptop I'm gonna cover it with
Pat it with clothes so that doesn't
fucking break bring the charger to guys
I'm like a little elementary school uber
just text me saying they arrive wherever
they're at mom thanks for the sandwich
like an elementary school my mom makes
me a little sandwich before I go on the
trip you already know every time I go on
a trip can't forget this sign by going
draw bitch in the back right here with
mine and Jackie's first picture of her
kissing me
Wow hi Bosley Bosley bye-bye mom
there's my longest vacation without
family without you Bosley you want to go
on the car Hollywood I see this bomb a
photo came on by don't go through my car
just joking
so for sure lift is better than uber
then
thank you okay guys ohshe almost coming
over
okay we're here let's go because you
have a baseball gym bag do you play for
the Padres would you call me guys whose
swaggin I'm swaggin look I'm still
swaggy er you oh my god to Bosley's
they're gonna go on in the plane
garage garage
look guys they made me take my shoes off
they tried to steal my shoes but it
didn't work guys
I was eating my burger spitting out the
nasty tomatoes that double bunks fucking
put in my burgers tried to poison me
before my fight and we met Donna Johnny
said yeah jump for Ray Allen shop Oh
from Dallas are you going back homework
Lily did you enjoy your stay okay yeah
San Diego guys my girlfriend looks like
a hot mom I am a sexy milf guys a career
high look how much oil Jesus
they could actually use all this to cook
both of our burgers
Phoenix I'm switching my flight
nothing I just told her we have to go
and I made it to her burger I made it
though broke away and now I have to go
pee how much more would you have ages
while I go pee I take like 30 seconds
pisses okay just they just called but
they just called my name they said a wat
is Brandon I'm here do I get a extra
night in Vegas or Bo hey guys we're
getting ready for the roller coaster you
ready for this ride look it's actually
been clean but
she's scared again why don't you do it
what baby it's just it's just a ride
it's a rollercoaster
pretty much I wonder what at least we
got the xanax
so that's allowed we got the Santa come
onboard they didn't catch you with that
they think we're on it's your head
because you're so mean to me maybe your
head is round but in the hallway what's
they sayin yeah but I say in a hot way
yeah why is my head like I have a round
head no I said like I have a round head
finish so it's okay I'm just joking but
still
you make me look like
it'll make you real happy to fight MDMA
Molly didn't catch me yeah just wait
till the auction is great around I'll
say give me my Bobby guys we met our
awesome what do you call it neighbor on
this flight her name is Marlene can you
tell us why you're on this flight even
though I must my flight earlier because
I checked in four minutes after checking
time
four minutes that's it I got stuck there
for it
I got too drunk costly though getting
there good deed remember this thank you
three three
okay everything happens for races
universe closes thank you guys thank God
for marlane she took Jackie away so I
could just go to sleep off my life take
your sailing today I know they she heard
me I wonder if the pilot ended
it's not really the Nexus my hand it's
for a headache guys for the first time
in Jackie's life she let me hold her
phone only cuz we're on only cuz we're
on an airplane and it's on airplane mode
so she can't receive any messages
sighs look I got my fingerprint on that
yes
Wow
I'm literally I'm never giving you a
latex I'm never giving her a baby
imagine no I said I'll never give her a
baby if she's doing this just from
flying of the air or I'll give you of
anybody won't be there the hospital
you think of the case
I see likes it
laughs wickedly
almost there I paid almost $200 for like
of 30 minute molecules
my relationship with the roller coaster
the case comes off the relationship is
over the case god we literally have to
pull over to download live because the
uber driver himself told us how lyft is
better and you get more benefits with
lyft so we're about to call over from
the airport we landed were in Vegas by
the way and instead we just downloaded
legs so we're going okay okay let me
just tell you really quick now that I'm
back home and that was last week looking
back at it there is literally no
difference between uber and lyft we
wasted our time pulling over wasted our
time downloading lifts I don't know why
the driver told us at uber and lyft are
the same exact thing there's no
difference if anything there's moreover
drivers but I don't know why he would
tell us that I don't know but we wasted
our time there's no difference between
the two apps shout out over driver oh
yeah see Dan shout out over driver for
referring us to list and add a shout out
Tom and I didn't have time I don't have
Tom I didn't have Tom to go to Wells
Fargo in San Diego and look here
literally at the airport there's a Wells
Fargo so I'm about to go take some cash
out now go get our baggage and we're in
Vegas Just My Luck
a Wells Fargo in the airport how lucky
guys I feel like a G I walked in to a
bank at the airport got a bunch of cash
out stuffed it in my pocket and walked
out like this
what are you parking just to feel like a
G nope leave it in my pocket and now I
just walk around like this you have to
walk around like this now with a mad
face like this and you have to kind of
sweat your shoulders like this ah the D
Las Vegas they they know yeah guys we're
waiting for our luggage now where's
Ramsey we could use Ramsey and his
brother right now
Ramsey where you at I'm the joking's not
here we're on our own this trip shoutout
Ramsey for last time and his brother and
though I got my bag now we have to wait
for Jackie's gym bag
babe is it Nike
she's actually gonna kill me babe would
you smile it is it's hot let me just say
it's hot it's Faye but why it's over 110
it's like 113 last time we came it was
hot it was like 105 now deeper into the
summer it's fucking hotter anyways
I finally found someone to sell me a VIP
ticket for the NBA Summer League course
I'd finally after trying so hard that we
need to go up and let's just say he's
making me pay a ton of money I'll
explain a little bit I'm at my camp am i
recording now I don't know the people in
the elevator and I was laying into guys
when I filled back up because I want to
say hi okay guys so original ticket for
VIP some early is four hundred dollars
four hundred the sky selling it to me
for seven hundred dollars
700 with is a crazy insanely high amount
of money but let me tell you what I'm
going to take it no matter where you
look online no matter who you talk to
nobody's selling a VIP ticket nobody and
I spoke I emailed a bunch of people I
spoke with a bunch of ticket websites
and there nobody is selling a VIP ticket
except for this guy think about it he is
the only guy selling it he started
asking for $1,000 1,000 so I guess I'm
lucky to get it down to 700 he would
call me stupid you could call me ad otic
but he's the only person that's trying
to sell one he's not even trying to sell
one actually but
yeah
and so $700 going for this day a you do
crazy things when you love the NBA I'm
just lucky because he was trying to sell
for a thousand and seven hundred
honestly hopefully he's not watching
this but I was like yeah you know I'm a
19 year old boy it's any way you could
just spare me some cup of dollars off
all that and I played the victim Ulta
yeah I mean I'm going through a lot of
the ticket all that so he's selling to
me for 700 I'm still getting ripped off
but hey he's the only guy who's selling
these so you got to do what you got to
do I'm about to meet up with him tonight
and it's crazy amount of money but
hopefully it's going to be worth it they
sold out within like once the tickets on
sale
VIP courtside seats sold out within an
hour at most maybe like a couple minutes
was crazy so I couldn't get my hands on
one and now here I am getting ripped off
but oh well
it's a one-time thing I honestly never
spend money on myself I'm always buying
gifts or other people buying food for
other people I don't even I don't buy
clothes for myself like I never go
shopping for myself so I'm kind of
treating myself hey when do I ever treat
myself
never so hey once in a while you got to
do it
I'm on vacation might as well yes guys I
know what you're thinking $700 is a ton
of money like I can't even say some
underdogs without like but I was just
thinking you know like it's once a year
I never ever spend money on myself like
I never won was last time I bought
myself a new shirt or some jeans I never
even bought myself a watch that one time
I was a watch shopping under the buying
one for Jackie I'm always buying food
for other people like I never really
spent money on myself this is something
I love to do so I was like you know what
I'm gonna just go ahead and do it
whatever and I did it every once in a
while if someone deserves to spend money
on themselves and let me just tell you
right now I did not regret it I had a
great time and I didn't regret it one
bit really fat we have to make him lose
some weight yeah he knows how to like
spin high-five shade yeah he knows how
to eat and sleep really good yeah we're
talking about you Bosley
so don't try and force me to go on any
roller coaster at this time no way I
hate roller coasters
I mean I go on like the ones that like
Chucky Cheese but I'll go on the I don't
go on the real ones look you have to pay
to go on the roller coaster
they wouldn't even be able to pay me to
on the road you have the nerve to pay
and then go on the roller coaster I'm
really not a vertical yeah
Vegas how hard you know how hot it is
god bless your makeup Alanna Chaldean I
say tell her some of these games
tell her you're gonna stay here with me
for four nights please okay okay that's
proof that she was talking shit about me
spending ha ha yeah I know she was and
now I hope you racked up money to get a
different hotel room desire minions this
minion right here
a minion literally right there I see you
on the street ha ha yeah he talked shit
about me in Spanish
cuz I understand then it was indeed UNT
ladies again almost every minute
applause ow
see
tell her and I'll I tell her the one
where do you know in Spanish I can't say
it yeah tell her that's what she just
sounds about hi uh I know a puto
I know pendejo I know Oh what your Oh
then which one but the most one I know
is papi that one is for sure courtesy
courtesy of mommy that's how I know it
by Janna I feel like all the words in
Spanish star would be like food opened a
home oh I know pinche - but walking in
let's go
okay fuck the doors
they've just come oh these ones do okay
we got it
oh this is nice we have to check into
our room who's cuter me or the hotel
okay fine
babe uh Starbucks this is my
girlfriend's dream she's been asking for
a coffee okay so we're gonna check in
and then we'll show you guys around the
hotel and the room okay guys so we
booked a suite and we've never stayed
here so we pretty much asked what the
suite looks like and they pretty much
told us that we are in for a treat she
said we
she said we upgraded all of our guests
because the regular Suites weren't ready
or whatever something like that so she
said that we're in the newest suite or
something
today's my lucky day first the Wells
Fargo at the airport and now like we
already had we already had a suite that
was lucky enough and then she said we
got bumped up they'd go yeah and then we
get bumped up so we don't know what it
looks like we're gonna show you guys
just as fast as we see it guys this
hotel is sick it's a long walk to our
room
we'll see ya you we're gonna be seeing
the room just as soon as this camera
sees it so we're both in for a surprise
okay okay so we got that okay wait babe
let me close the door Oh
okay we got two rooms because Jeff I
mean two beds because Jackie was talking
shit about me in Spanish I already know
so there's this that's our room - oh so
this is where we sleep and this is the
continuation oh wait is it wait hold on
okay guys she gave her she said the keys
work for both rooms so hold on babe okay
hold on okay so I guess this is just the
room that we sleep in okay I guess
that's just the room that we sleep in
here is where the real shit goes down oh
my gosh babe what the fuck
babe look at this I'm not a host what
babe yes fuck I'm high yeah babe what
the fuck I am hyped oh my god thank God
babe another another room
hey holy shit Wow okay hold up babe I'm
hyped wait look at this shit okay hold
on babe so how is the other room ours -
guys this is insane this is insane
so I know but ours got fucking shot
okay so here's our room babe holy babe
look at this shit babe I don't care the
stripper stripper pole oh my god
I'm soaked okay guys so we were gonna
say four nights babe we might have to
change that for tonight yeah 40 years
I'm down to live here forever just to me
nobody else 40 years not enough for
nights okay guys thanks for watching
this video
babe I was just gonna upload a vlog
tomorrow and set out like no I have to
do this why you guys like it we're
definitely gonna film everything that we
do but just for now look at this
everything yeah everything south of
Morocco stop
