got this all right so it's 9:25 just
woke up and I didn't finish editing my
video last night so I'll make my way
over to the gym just for a quick with a
workout I don't have time to stay too
long because I'm trying to get my video
done for you guys
oh oh the beast is awake go to sleep
Bosley so yeah I don't have enough time
to go play basketball sadly I'm gonna
just go get a quick little workout in
come back finish editing my video Oh No
eat a quick little snack before I go cuz
I'm hungry it's not good to workout on
an empty stomach oh look a dick don't
mind if I do
alright guys time to go work out for a
little bit I'll be back home to finish
editing my video I go to the gym and
this is what I fucking come home to the
family of a youtuber Wei Brian put it
down
riot put it well I like your outfit
well shoes are you wearing the New
Jordans but those match though
yeah hi Beast no joke hey no you're not
you're late good did you catch any
Pokemon today uh what you actually look
good I swear I'll have sex with you
really like this yet ah what's going on
here is they're trying to get a photo
shoot of my denim Bosley
so there's wait which one is Jackie babe
oh okay so that one's Jackie that was a
minute no my dad's trying to get a photo
shoot with Bosley my dad even way
upstairs I'm change this shirt but
Bosley's not cooperating bother take a
picture yeah you on three literally okay
so we got the treat the tricking okay
dad hold on sit down
hey we got one snapchat okay another
snapchat and the professional Bosley
come on we all want to father's it okay
that's it next thing he's suspicious he
knows now father we just want a photo
shoot with you and Ron dad you have to
get closer fuzzy
hey you're the dumbest human okay Bosley
now look buzzing dad just pick him up
pick him up pick him up
okay sit okay that's it hold on he
wasn't cooperating Bosley hey garage
good I've come on Bosley go in the
garage okay Morty give me no more garage
time I know I know
if Bosley doesn't go in the garage
someone does let's go
all right garage Bosley come on in the
garage it's fun but it's just it's just
dad one ratha why go on the couch what a
family gathering hey guys look at this
stare down yeah are you guys going
Pokemon hunting too huh pokemon yeah are
you gonna feed them parmesan crusted
chicken other Kazuki
I do but not the Pokemon game hold on
hold on the complainer has another
complaint what did you say
she said why did you ever let Brandon
have a mustache because if you guys
ain't know my high school career I used
to have a mustache and I was I would
line it up myself when I was like 15
years old and there was Bailey in here
but I'll try to act like mom wait hold
on we only dress on you oh my gosh dad
what did you say divorce hey stop don't
you love this filter listen listen
s'up bitches away all that i tried to
change my voice myself sub bitches
good job guys this is how families bond
in 2016 wait let's do my dad is
literally Bosley's dad then I know why
he loves you so much like we're all
Mozilla look thanks Bryan this is
literally how families bond we all bond
by eating dinner at the table or
laughing over a movie we bond by making
fun of each other on snapchat I don't
know we'll see when we turn into one
more time
Bosley's I've given our disco balls in
glee
I really just call Bosley's looking at
you but those are actually the do those
tights attract people's eyes I mean
obviously not me I don't look but guys
she claims that I stare every girl's ass
when they walk by
no I didn't I said I used to when I was
single
okay well you all know what happened
with those types with Brian and yeah
Basel you made the right choice get away
from my girlfriend
okay away from my girlfriend get a
friend
girlfriend get away from my girlfriend
Bosley I know what you're looking at
your piece get your own girl just cuz
your dog girl doesn't have as nice of a
but as my girlfriend doesn't mean you
look bother would definitely Bosley is
definitely a butt type of guy yeah he
doesn't like boobies Bosley are you uh
do you like ass or boobies Bosley he's
literally looking right at you right in
front of me okay this is a deserved
garage trip okay
just eat it standing up so I can keep
staring please what do you mean at what
what is something I see at 24/7 yeah not
your face that wasn't the answer
okay Bosley if I catch you one more time
it's not going to be good I already
caught a family member
aka my brother don't make me catch my
dog
guy's balls clenching puzzles quenching
it's fucking thirst for my girlfriend
Bosley you're thirsty for Jackie
pause Illya well are you literally doing
he's literally standing right next to
your butt Bosley
stop trying to eat my girlfriend's ass
stop Roey i literally come downstairs to
see this Bosley my dog I've been trying
to get at you ever since the day we
started dating Bosley the most famous
moves to try to get at Jackie is that
every time she comes over he always does
this like with his tongue for how long
like 20 minutes long and I just say
bubbly you don't do it as good as me
see you he's doing it again he's trying
to lick Bosley don't get close to my
girlfriend guys I think Jackie went to
my barbershop and they hooked her up
with a sick ass part look it's a part
babe right here right who did your hair
Tony or Andy Julie chains there's a bar
by my shop named to James up give me
five
good boy okay Bosley just because you
gave me five doesn't mean you get
permission to do anything with my
girlfriend give me five nope
I said that doesn't give you permission
just give him a piece of chicken
see you lead him on ha I'm serious you
lead him on because you give him what he
wants you only supposed to give me what
I want Bosley just got your fat ank you
doesn't mean cause Brian got that shower
turn up let's see what's next
I got that lid
me and Jack are about to take a nap me
and J fakes me and jackass we gotta take
a nap we'll wake up in a little bit and
then continue this vlog okay no so I'll
see you guys in a bit
robot squad that's me blowing a kiss
cuz Brian's out the shower I think
wasn't his feelings for sure listen to
its plain miss feelings for sure oh shit
now Brian was pleased by what he jacked
off to oh hey mom I mean there's a
bridal is fuckin getting down to it the
shower
you went from feelings to fucking get
down real quick this is the FTB after he
got in his feelings guys my girlfriend
changed into a business woman a business
MILF actually can you please stand up I
want it okay look so there's the booties
wait wait wait wait you're coming to
close but I'm shy you're too close to me
scoot back I'm nervous okay there's the
booties they've turned this way Bosley I
know he was looking at your butt again
see look at his eyes he knows Bosley
if he can't roll over he's too fat if
you rolled over he would never be able
to get up okay babe wait stand up I'm
not done examining what are what is the
jacket called is actually very stylish
what is it called
looks babe you look so hot you look like
a hot mom definitely a MILF and if you
were older a GILF like a grandma Bodley
would you stop working
Oh bother look tiger but I saw him good
look he's looking again Louis good luck
Bosley babe can you please okay
tell the doctor Jackie please tell the
camera what is wrong with my back doctor
yeah you definitely have a knot right
here and I keep trying to move it out
she says I have a wife and stole his two
dresses
God me no I'm serious I'm not a lawyer
um so they be a lawyer so I ordered this
Jersey for him with seven Booker shiorin
met a Devin Booker Jersey and it should
be here it says that it's been here and
she thinks that someone stole it because
obviously our address has been leaked
but we have cameras in the we have
cameras to the door so I don't think
anybody stole it we haven't checked them
yet but I don't think someone would be
stupid enough to steal it when there's
cameras pointed right out the door and
the garage well it didn't say deliver it
it is the tracking number is giving us
some weird shoes so but yeah guys so I
think I have a knot in my bag I don't
know why I used to go to the
chiropractor like a couple years ago
because my back was really bad and I
think the pain is coming back now but
doctor can you cure that for me yes they
Hey look Bosley knows he did something
he knows he kept looking at your butt
Bodley look that's my girlfriend not
yours okay we could we could battle it
out Bosley yep I'll kick you like a
52-yard field goal
they've oh my gosh you know like the
video I'm not I'm saying like you know
the videos that start where the girls
like a secretary or something I know you
know no no no exactly I saw it but wait
how helpful the boyfriend am I
hey it's the life of a vlogger it is the
life of a vlogger every time something
happens instead of help you have to get
your camera that's how you become a good
youtuber guys boys if you have a
girlfriend and you're trying to start a
successful YouTube now that I'm
successful but if you're trying to start
a YouTube channel or just vlog just
remember everything that happens like if
she gets into a car or she likes still
something camera camera camera and then
you help got it yeah I do today okay
you're seriously hate me yeah okay we'll
see guys doctor baby's about to perform
the operation on my back but where does
the operation take place telling me it's
all fine no one takes to me or Devon
look we're talking I just wanna fucking
fruit poop it's a fruit by the foot yeah
well you're annoying because you ate
mine I asked if you wanted one you said
no okay I didn't you okay but don't eat
mine okay stop it guys you know she said
she said I have a volcano on my fucking
thing right here she said is that a
volcano anything and I said yeah and you
look like you're six years old without
makeup so I don't know why I make fun of
me
sanity actually 60 is being generous
Ellen DeGeneres do you know her
you look like her too I'm lesbian yeah
you're definitely not lesbian trust me
how come you make fun of your boyfriend
because he's my flute and you said I
have caterpillar eyebrows sorry I Middle
Eastern you call me ugly no I did not
know oh you look like so many years old
wrinkly and ugly no I did not
I said you're a GILF so even if you were
70 years old
yeah life why don't you let me eat the
fries dip in water what you said no get
your own okay do you know whose house
this is you know whose food that is this
one
why do you like to fill me when I eat
like a fat ass you're so mean oh my god
oh you bit me
got it you bit me I don't like him hey
you said you're gonna take the nut out
of my back babe
you can't cancel operation yeah that's
not professional
I want the nod taken out please what I
want to go to jail tomorrow guys she
knows what's up
only your little boyfriend she said oli
can massage my back alley shoutout come
over he lives right down the street you
know that fuck is this are you cheating
on me guys that actually looks like
you're about like played to the side
yours isn't that dark but still it's the
same shape but I don't like I don't like
when you wear red pennies Amanda got
this from me from Mexico I swear when
she went on a cruise know the dick was
for Brian
she knows sister why mommy sister sister
you don't know what a nun is so what my
grandma's so sweet you yeah you
definitely damp it trades babe how do
you love me no I'm not
does a mean person do this you're nicer
to book really well duh oh that's Devin
Booker do you know who he is
babe tell them I'm super happy what's
tomorrow
what is it haircut day guys I'm so hyped
because my girlfriend's about to take
the knot out of my back and I'm so
excited
painful but excited yeah I feel it all
right guys this chiropractor is painful
okay that feels good but let me tell you
I'm so hyped for my haircut because this
whole day I thought today was Tuesday my
haircut was scheduled for Thursday so
you know I'm waking up and I'm just like
okay two more days till my haircut you
know I'm excited
literally like an hour ago my
girlfriend's like baby you know today's
Wednesday right and I was like what and
then I was like holy shit so my haircuts
tomorrow and I was so fucking excited
and taking my hair so ugly even though
you can't even tell a difference from
when I got a haircut or not but I'm high
Thursday getting a haircut
I thought today was choosing the doctor
found a new nod she said I have two now
two nights
I can't you stress me out too much
stress comes from you because you text
me saying babe what the fuck are you
doing at the time bah bah it looks to
you for some every ever minute
even when I'm next to you hey what the
fuck is wrong with you
you know leave it Hey no I guys no I do
not
okay the operations done thank you babe
wait can you can you please tell me what
app you're on on your phone okay
it's Craigslist yeah what'd you say hey
guys
Craigslist okay guys plan a camera away
now
say bye babe hey guys days why I love my
girlfriend she goes from volcano pimple
caterpillar eyebrows to rubbing my back
and cuddling and sleeping with me in bed
real quick I'm not a drug to Kimmel yeah
imagine like this babe it's so hot it's
cause you're next to me
okay guys everyone give your condolences
and say r.i.p to Jackie because I'm
about to start talking about cause I'm
about to start talking about basketball
today's topic - my girlfriend is why the
Oklahoma City Thunder might trade
Russell Westbrook and why it wouldn't be
that smart - for a team to give up all
their assets to get him considering he
is an upcoming free agent next year babe
are you ready yes this one shouldn't be
too long but just get ready okay and
here we go
okay what's today's topic that's a
Western
and what he might get treated and why
it's almost my idea to trade him because
he can be you know what it's not why
it's not a smart idea for other team
situation for he's probably not going to
although I love cold pizza I love cold
pizza literally 11 p.m. and I'm addicted
to cold pizza mmm hey pawsley pawsley is
probably gonna have a wet dream from
looking at Jackie's ass all day possibly
subbing such a horny dog is not good for
you
anyways midnight like I said it's later
than midnight if you're texting some if
you're texting somebody later than
midnight and you're not talking about
you know you know what I mean if you're
not talking about what you think I'm
about to say you're doing it wrong like
I'm gonna say if you're not sick like if
you're not talking about you know like
if you're not talking about that and
you're texting a girl past midnight
please take your phone and drop it on
the toilet flush it like you know I got
let me read you the text right now oh
she sent three psych I'm not gonna read
them but anyways guys I hope you enjoyed
this video I'm just joking or am i
joking
mm-hm guys wait one last thing first of
all since Jackie's texting me at this
time I'm not the whole time I'm trying
to eat I'm gonna have to be like this
you know like stop texting me babe like
I'm trying to eat I'm just joking
actually no I'm not joking I'm your
fucking here I'm not joking okay guys so
12:05 past midnight I'm about to start
editing this is real editing hours you
know after dark hours this is editing
hours so I'm ballots are editing and I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
tune in tomorrow for the other summer
league vlog I apologize for not getting
it up but tomorrow I promise you
and also my haircut Thursday I'm hyped I
can't wait anyways I hope you enjoyed
this video I gotta get started editing
and I'm gonna be up for a couple more
hours but I do this for you guys
so please enjoy
okay guys I was about to go to sleep and
then like I had like a little nightmare
so I just came to like I just have to
like till I had like a lone nightmare
like what if both Lee actually does hook
up with Jackie like I'm scared look at
him he's so cute and he has like a dad
bod and I've heard some girl would
rather like they'd rather have the dad
bod instead of like the nice body so
like Bosley hey don't ever actually hook
up with Jackie okay we just say it as a
joke okay go back to sleep touch it
later fat fuck guys if I look dead well
I always would get if I look exited
today like extra zombie because I fell
asleep last night at almost 4:00 in the
morning I was editing and I just knocked
out the laptop in my lap so I didn't
finish yet so now I'm awake early to
finish and then that means lunchtime
basketball so I'm trying to finish right
now and then head over to the gym at
11:00 so I will see you guys in the next
video thank you so much for watching
