what's going on guys Dennis here and I
know most of you're thinking oh why is
this guy on my screen again today I'm
gonna be teaming up with Papa Rodman Rob
and Brian and when we pranking Brandon
with putting Bosley up for sale most of
you know how much Bosley means to
Brandon like Bosley why do you buy I
said kiss Brandon will drive to his old
house at midnight just to see Bosley and
you guys know we're like a circle what
our best friend's Ben has his best
friends but in reality we all know his
real best friend is and that's Bosley
especially now that Bosley's feeling
like sick and stuff I can tell it her
Bentley Brandon always thinks about it
so Brandon thinks is that his family put
Bosley up for sale but in reality I come
about to meet the ad right now how are
you so Brandon's gonna think you guys
are putting Bosley up for sale I'm gonna
be putting oversized Wenzel like ask you
first you know for some permission to
put Bosley up for sale I'm joking but
I'm gonna tell Brandon that you guys put
Possley up for sale and then I know I
okay I just wanna let you know in case
like you think I really put bazi up for
sale
I know I like everything about Bobby I'm
starting to work on me now and I'm gonna
make it look as realistic as I can but
right now I'm just gonna get the picture
so Bosley Bosley bravas ooh
well they got that money oh we're
speaking of money where shall we put the
price at we gotta think of a price to
put for him how worth like what five
dollars I'm going through the pictures
that the real estate cry he saw this
picture and some for sale six and a half
hours later all right guys so this is
what it's looking like bitches provides
in phase verbs log Bosley I put them for
200 obviously a fair price but that's
didn't drive Banting crazy
best my favorite right there that middle
one but and I'm sorry my my rug but I'm
putting you as the seller on this so it
was your idea all right guys I found the
position of the camera guys now this is
coming to the moment where I'm actually
showing him in
saying it's him I'm so scared
face-to-face I'm just gonna go get him
no before y'all I want to show you it's
like crazy like well just really quick
no you know what it's crazy how are you
gonna rebound like this okay the balls
here right so if you get the ball you go
like this right
how does someone gonna read out like
Dave's both don't you just basketball he
kicked us well it's purple oh yeah wait
is this the see just your family to tell
you but no just listen every time you
tell me this I know I know I know but
your fans don't have to tell you and you
can't say you heard this from me
I'm not when have I ever said like when
you tell me something I know but you can
say you found out whatever you want
maybe it's really good I don't know what
way so it's not about them trying to get
me to move but you know I know it
doesn't say for every time
showed you and like it will basically
explain from there
your family told me not to tell you but
I told I told him I wasn't gonna tell
you but I had me my family told me just
listen
hold on okay forget the music Slater
what do you mean forget if you're
showing me that I'm gonna longer
famously get it to you real fast okay
explain it while I read it okay because
you never listen okay go
you know how father that's it you're not
there anymore I know you still assume
whatever but you sure mom never sings
better and even Brian another green bits
better so Brian don't it's Brian
dumb bread okay so what's gonna happen
to a sick dog when he's been with the
same family his whole life and now they
get sick so they want to sell so what's
gonna happen to the dog but now I forget
if you should I never said you put him
up right I'm not taking out of anybody
I'm just saying whose idea was it to
come up and sell pause it just because
he's got sick or just says I'm out there
I know what they're saying maybe it's
better better in what way
you know how Godfather they hit if
that's all I'm telling you because they
don't they think big on that I know but
what dogs change environment change the
people are about to take okay fine you
make it worse that for me ten days it
doesn't matter
Alma dick dick put a picture I know they
put different pictures all of this I
know but why would they use a picture of
me and Boswell's do they know what it is
okay they can't you gonna cry on my mom
or my dad it has to be me a buck wait
this is so dumb but anyway that's messed
up your mom's will not listen it's my
mom crazy
there's no wait hold on let me just tell
you like it was hardest for your mom
I'll tell you that she doesn't get mad
at a heart of distress
they actually let's do it but I know how
it's one thing to make the ad but how do
you go through and post it how do you go
through and button okay here's my
question
here's my question so you said that they
told you because I'm not home anymore
right yeah he said Oh Lord after I'm
home ward he never used to sleep with me
Edwards he hated sleeping in my room he
I'm home more now than I wasn't my
solution I go there every single day but
obviously part stream on you know how
much your mom likes in any day I'm
texting bride but I know wait just wait
hold on you know how much your mom likes
it that's funny don't tell Brandi
they were thinking about tweeting about
it closing on history and stuff just so
they know it's a man that cares it
probably has in for someone they know
and we mean that fan that it doesn't
matter who hasn't even if the most
caring dog lover the world hat it
doesn't matter I'm not like Mulligan
both it's like Jupiter okay not for long
how do i transcend don't do it but okay
you write your comments but you're not
being wait were you calling Brandon
you said you don't know but not for sale
yeah don't hey mom hey I was like
looking on the internet right now I mean
like a lot of fans started tweeting to
me and telling me like but they like
told me to tuck to go to a link and I
went to the league in it like they said
that somebody I don't know who like
someone put Bosley up on sale like I
don't know a says bye mama run well
obviously I would never believe that you
would do something like that obviously
right $200 he says $200 mom it literally
says
bro waters and Faye drugs dog momma rug
put it for sale and - yes and there's
picture the father was younger all all
over
why doesn't matter where I found it what
is going on there like who who like what
do you mom okay obviously I'm okay once
I found find out that this is fake and
not real what do you mean we dig cousins
now getting sold that's the dumbest it
doesn't matter if you have your knife
you guys went through that and put it
for sale somebody happy with it or
somebody's okay with what did he do
today when I got under the car you went
crazy who has happens I've seen it in 10
years I'm eight I'm not raising my voice
I make time for a basketball and I also
make time for you guys I'm at the house
more now then when I even lived it I
come see you guys every single day and I
see Bosnian bitch that's my mom but
that's not even my point my point is
even if I didn't see Bobby for 500 years
why would you guys sell him like why do
you guys sell
doesn't matter if you're crying if you
still did it so if you're crying from
putting my cell what's gonna happen when
someone picks him up and takes it to the
house I know like you've never really
had a dog and I've you know you don't
research about dogs obviously so you
don't know this but like if a dog has
spent almost their entire life with one
family and they get sick and you give
them to another family that's gonna make
it worse they eat mom it doesn't hold up
huh wait but why I'm mom cuz it's not
Dennis shut up no I know but but you
know but I know but did you forget
there's four people in the family so
three people
okay so just cuz I moved out means I'm
not part of the family so when you moved
out of your mom's house that means
you're not part of their family
I know but this is my dog did you guys
forget that it was my 18th birthday gift
and then it's only this buddy
he only gets it mom
okay listen listen all I'm gonna say
like I know three people agreed to sell
the dog which I don't know why Brian is
dumb enough Dennis Brian I don't know
Brian's dumb enough to sell the dog
that's his fault but one person doesn't
agree so like I don't so like no that's
not gonna happen so clean please mom
look I know please just give me that
email and password you use to put it on
first you know
I know I'm asking nicely mom mom I'm
asking that's okay listen
first of all in the hell put the price
at $200 that's like selling Bosley 404
it
Dennis Dennis why would you say 200 blog
because sometimes in the morning he'll
be cut no it's not about how much that's
just like do what a month fast there's
dogs out there that literally like they
get so four to three thousand dollars
why are you putting Bosley that's
disrespectful to Bosley something we
don't need to sell fast as 9 is sold in
the first place that is Breanna you
Dennis these are nice clothes anyway no
I I don't again case closed he's not in
sold all tape okay
do you want I'll give you $200 my Bible
came to the apartment that's fine yeah
no no it doesn't stay a specific person
has to buy it it's all about them all
doing them like I'll give you 300 400
400 dollars okay I have some I do I'll
take it to the gym with me
I'm not buying that because because
after you give me the email password
because I asked me nicely
okay then I'm buying the dog I'm buying
the dog I well I'm in the mood to buy a
pug
and this pug called my I saw it on the
video but he said I'm not part of the
family you setting up one of them you
said I'm not part of the family member
like okay so like what this I just don't
understand what got into you like how
how are you actually like you and you
love Bosman how are you okay so but but
if you get sick why don't we kill him
why don't we make him better not better
Dennis no one's talking to you bro I'm
not doing anything so it's all on me
it's nobody's fault because it's all
good like it's all done it's Delita
and nobody's gonna bite him and the joke
is getting bought by brandon of audist
is already he's not so he saw the house
okay what no no what
okay I'll Drive around all over San
Diego right now and go find them it
doesn't matter if someone are bottom I
feel bad for the person bottom when I
find them and I don't know why like you
and Dad and Brian would even like do
this trust me there's a lot of things we
don't know why happened but it doesn't
matter because please just give me the
email empathic so I can delete it mom
I'll read it and I'm gonna go to
Brandon red he left the room he left it
I know I know Brandon Brandon your mom
just listen listen listen look look at
me look at me I I swear he's like
shaking it's not real I just made the ad
I'm so happy I don't trust you if you
send a video you have to FaceTime me to
show me
so I got praying this whole time this
and Baz is just sleeping the whole time
don't like it's not even a joke loading
up on it like naval do it like that
oh there's something you don't prank or
you don't joke about because people take
it seriously yeah yeah yeah maybe boys
better off we do something hey did you
break anything my room I'm sorry bro
it's fine oh don't worry go to the J be
honest how how real do the head look I
don't believe it's not I swear he got
signed a real ad you good boy you shake
Manny you were shaking I swear to God
when I came in here your hands were
shaking I don't remember like the moment
when I left to my room whatever I threw
and then I came to my room I don't
remember like that moment was just a
blur you know how he did you were that's
right at one point your mom said like
Dennis should we tell him and you
weren't listening that's all he did you
know that's on sick from the mom dad I
gave you the phone to the MoMA I want my
room I don't remember she's already got
your monster Dennis should we tell him
 almond speaker oh really
also the prank was gonna end like in
your room yeah you're supposed to be
like ah we got him well I think we
should can I say we don't miss prank on
her thank you you can sit next time I'll
put your first sale
hey would I be more than Bob Lee and you
think it bothers with 200 Dennis you're
worth $1 Oh Brandon my hair no but I'm
sorry you guys have to watch the dumbest
prank on YouTube guys sanity with me the
whole time bro we shouldn't even upload
this
no I swear you have to upload it hey I
think it's you're not good huh yeah okay
look I'm smiling I told you I wasn't
even mad thank you guys so much for
watching this video I'm going straight
to sleep tennis I'm getting kicked out
I'm like when you when the mom gets
mashes sorry honey you have to go home
well you should I go see Bosley I might
go drive and see Bosley my parents
so far but stop your mom will always
paint you then just to get you there
I know I'm home oh my god back to the
house of the pink no guys thanks so much
for watching this video subscribe to
this youtube channel if you are new I
apologize if I'm not that enthusiastic
right now is because the idiot behind
the camera who you hey I swear I got
that you're gonna hit me oh he goes
instead with a knife hey I love you guys
all I love you more than the person
behind the camera right now here I'll do
this part for you Fuji's never ever find
the right word just there's no way this
is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that
