what's going on guys Brandon here AKA
april wallace and i woke up early today
purposely to start editing my vlog and
i'm actually almost done i almost
finished editing my vlog today so i'm
gonna reward myself by wow okay maybe
that's not the smartest thing to do what
i'm about to say I'm rewarding myself by
going to the gym to play basketball you
guys were with me from way before I used
to always go play lunchtime basketball
but ever since I started taking over two
channels and uploading daily it's been
kind of hard for me to go out this time
with editing and everything but today
like I said set my alarm back early woke
up almost finish editing I didn't quite
finish but I'm gonna go play some
lunchtime basketball and here's the
greatest news okay so you know I don't
like to go to the gym on empties okay
and this is why fucking tie your shoes
okay
that's what I don't like to go to the
gym on an empty stomach so psycho for
hours so you know I like to fill my
stomach a little bit so I'm about to go
get me some food before I go to the gym
right and I wake up to this on my door
hold on paste it on my door just like
how great is my mom good morning a lot
of food in the kitchen enjoy love mama
wad is like broughtest mama waters my
mom wrote this so oh wait hold on guys
before we go see the food and before I
go to the gym let me just tell you how I
fuckin woke up today actually okay I got
woken up by my brother for this reason
hold on Brian first thing you did when
you walked in my room this morning
he caught a fucking Pokemon he fuckin
walks in my room shows this phone I'm
like what are you doing he's like look
there's a Pokemon right here I'm just
like Brian guys
I think I'm the only dude on this earth
the only God it's like when Brian caught
a Pokemon that was the first time I saw
anybody anybody's phone screen with that
game I have no idea what it looks like I
have no idea what you do of course I've
heard all about um humans all over the
world it's all over the internet now but
I have never downloaded it I've never
played it and I think honestly I'm the
only dude on the world in the world who
hasn't played it yet so I gotta get on
that I haven't even downloaded the app
Brian what is your an app I haven't even
downloaded the app yet but I've heard
all about it
and Brian fucking walks in my room
playing it's time for me to play it look
I guess my mom has two different
identities let's go check out the food
on the table Bosley Bosley Bosley okay I
know you hear me there's food on the
table you want to go grab some food come
on
oh now you get up let's go come on Bobby
let's go show them some food come on
come here
oh oh easy easy easy easy or else I'll
put you in the garage come on Pokemon Go
game
oh look at the food oh my god here we'll
start here brick no you fucking fly
bitch breakfast burrito hash brown
biscuit mushroom omelette I'm not really
into that not gonna touch that biscuit
fries another omelet hash brown biscuit
onion rings and fries oh my god I'm
gonna eat some of this and I probably
won't even end up going to the gym I'll
just pass out on the couch but yeah guys
about this whole pokemon gold craze
obviously I've heard about I've seen all
over Twitter everybody talks about it to
me I have yet to download the game I've
never played it when Brian walked in my
room that's the first time I've seen
anybody
show me the screen of the I had no idea
what it looked like or anything and I
fucking see the Pokemon in my room and
the first thing I do is I look at
Brian's phone screen and I look at it in
real life I'm like wait where the fuck
is a Pokemon it's not there but yeah I
need to get on that
okay Bosley it's time for you to go over
there okay outside and it's time for me
to tie my shoes and go to
and then come back and finish editing my
vlog for the snap
oh my god Holly Holly this is what
happens when you take a fat dog to catch
pokemon with you in hot San Diego
whether Bosley go get water go go get
water come on we don't want you to get
dehydrated go good boy good boy guys I
don't know what the whole craze of
catching Pokemon is I'd rather try to
catch ballsy and put him in the garage
that's actually more of a challenge than
the Pokemon game it's impossible to
catch him
okay get water go yeah I really don't
get why would you try to catch a Pokemon
on your phone when you could try to
fuckin catch balls and put them in the
garage that's actually that's like level
expert because time to watch summer
son's first time they're playing without
me there I went to their first two games
in their third game they were undefeated
when I was there too and oh so now let's
see how they go without me sitting
courtside right here I'm so jealous of
all you guys I'm so jealous I want to be
there again next year I swear I'm gonna
go for all the days let's go Tyler
good take Ulis he's Mighty Mouse guys
he's literally my height look at that
he's five foot nine he's gonna he's
gonna be tight he's gonna be like Isiah
Thomas but yeah Devon Booker is not
playing anymore Summer League he's right
there sitting down oh hey Tyler
Devon Booker the best friend but uh guys
the only reason the sun's actually
drafted him was for Devin Booker they
were best friends in Kentucky they dorm
together at Kentucky they were roommates
and they played together on the
basketball team and now they're reunited
Devon Booker was so happy when the Suns
picked him I swear
but anyways Booker is not playing
anymore some early because he's
practicing with Team USA for the
Olympics he's practicing with the squad
so um he's not gonna risk anything
during summer Lee he just played two
games no please put the head back on you
look funny
guys you know the couple goals where the
girl where's the boys jack and it's all
cute I give Jackie my fated one that I'm
not gonna wear so that she doesn't ruin
my good ones babe I've literally had
this for like five years it doesn't even
fit me anymore I just want to be like
the couple's that give each other than
go give me a sucker punch
all right scum and fouseytube stuff yeah
but this one's actually real okay let's
go okay guys so we're about to leave and
I realized fashion mistake fashion
mistake big time look I'm supposed to
pick my girlfriend up she's waiting in
the car right now in the black car but
hold on babe get down babe would you
listen to me once
babe I accidentally wore the gray jacket
with these I have to go wear my blue one
okay my car is on
don't let anyone steal it okay fans if
you come to my house right now please
don't steal my car but yeah I worked
great on gray like no you can't be doing
that
I don't know how I didn't notice till
now mom I wore the wrong outfit okay
guys I haven't told you where I'm going
yet but I will explain to you in the car
cuz mom I work gray on gray on gray
shoes you can't do that oh my god and my
socks were Oracle Wow
I was on one today but o instead of
changing my junk on you just change my
shorts I guess
no I'll just change my jacket
what did you expect of course I'm not
where the fucking blue jacket
oh yeah guys so I don't know why the
hell we decided on this but hold on I'll
explain to you here wish wish me luck
okay if you wonder why they're wishing
us luck I'll explain to you in the car
me and Jackie we'll put you in the car
make sure we got okay bring your ID if
you're wondering why we need idea nope
we're not going to the bar my girlfriend
isn't 21 yet so no that is not why we
need ID let me tell you why we need ID
oh wait till my girl gets in the car
really quick and we'll kill you wanna
need ID never mind just walk in please
don't step on Devin Booker
don't step on Booker please thank ya
I'll just move it in the back okay guys
if you're wondering where we're going
why my mom and dad wished me luck
and why I'm telling Jackie peggotty's I
said no we're not going to a bar because
you're not 21 yet without a club because
you're not 21 yet where we are going
with this face club anyway you're
ratchet but okay just hit me later not
on camera okay hold on guys tell them
where we're going just say it don't do
it long dude guys every time she sleeps
over and she fucking does at night and
it's scale okay well anyways we are
going to a casino because here in San
Diego there are a lot of casinos that
are only 18 and older not 21 and my
girlfriend has never been to a casino so
I don't know what got into us but we
decided to go to the casino I don't know
why do you win some money
yeah I have a problem what do you mean
probably it's for sure no casinos are
rigged you go there and lose money on
the game yeah more right than the NBA -
yeah but I haven't been in years my
girlfriend has never been so we just
decided I don't know what got into us
because I think we were just in Vegas
I think cuz we're gonna go play pokemon
I'm gonna play pokemon I haven't even
downloaded the game yet you don't play
with me yeah but just wait okay we'll
play later but not tonight
don't worry lately boy so I don't even
know how to play these games I'm Vanessa
teacher I mean I haven't played in years
and like I don't know what God knows I
think just cause like we were in Vegas
and obviously we didn't play over there
so I'm just like you know what do you
want to go to Baroda and she's like yeah
and I'm just like okay let's go this was
all last minute none of it was planned
so we are nice we're not gonna win trust
me we're about to go lose some money be
hopeful
yeah how has that works for me in
regards to hoping the Phoenix Suns make
the playoffs six years none nope
so it's time to go lose some money no
guys in all reality casinos the odds are
heavily stacked against you yes here and
there everyone has a little story of oh
I want a couple hundred dollars or maybe
even I won thousands but in the long run
you can't beat a casino there's no way
you can't if the casinos are meant for
you to lose but we're just gonna go for
fun she's never been I haven't been in
years so imma take her to a casino for
her first son hey there's so many dirty
people like
ah which way do I go okay guys so we'll
pick it up over there oh and we can't
record any of the slot machines or we
can't record any of the tables so I'm
not sure how exactly we're gonna vlog
for you guys there but I'm gonna try to
get some footage for you guys because
you guys come first even if it means me
Oh even if it means me getting arrested
then get my camera taken away you guys
come first guys this song is definitely
not what I should be listening to too
much you know it says came up that's all
me but I'm gonna be singing lost at all
that's all me babe are you ready to lose
some money okay fine do all the trick to
going to a casino you do not take your
ATM card or credit card down because
then they just fucking bullshit I don't
look up the directions we're about to
get to the freeway it's going south
right yeah they fucking have ATMs and if
you bring your card I swear you take
money out when you lose it so babe we're
now taking our cards that's me
i touch the mba ball it actually feels
so different guys what up
oh that's what I ran on the court I got
way bit possibilities
guys it's over it's over baby we got my
baby my girlfriend
beautiful love you people get on my
slave well in bed but nothing's okay but
people love each other do so for each
other fancy ID what don't I do for you
okay guys well anyways I had Jackie play
my vlog and put it up this I can so we
can watch while I'm driving but no it's
a long drive so we got to watch pearl
waters to keep us entertained if you
guys haven't checked him out he's
actually a he's a pretty good youtuber
like he's not the best but I think it's
nice like okay babe play a play play I
like this part wait Rwanda little the
smell is actually funny face oh my god I
met Derek Fisher guys this is a drive of
shame for all these cars they're driving
back home after losing all their money
and I'm going up about to lose all my
money
another cup two cars on the drive of
shame coming back from the casino okay
guys we're here I parked all the way at
the top level let's see it cuz I can't
bring my camera down they don't even let
so I'm gonna leave it in the car but
let's just check it out really quick
okay so I know you can't see much but
we're about to enter hopefully we win
some money but I don't think our home
top work folks yeah the top places steal
people's money
like they have pictures of everyone's
children
who robs me of my earnings club piranha
clubs steal all of your money look at
this like everyone's probably losing
money right now
they I hope we win just to rub it into
my face
they even have automatic look automatics
so decoration on the wall at least I
know with all the money they steal from
all the people here
I'll just looking out your butt but at
least I know with all the money they
steal from everyone here that use it
towards the bathroom the bathroom is so
nice they use it for a good cause before
before we play we have to observe and
I'm gonna try to teach my girlfriend how
to play blackjack I only play tables I
don't touch slot slugs our fucking I'll
entrust that I don't trust the slots I
only play table but we have to watch
first so I can teach you observe yeah I
really don't trust logs
what don't I trust besides you slugs
my face when someone's smoking a
cigarette right next to me
they don't have you know they don't have
any non-smoking sections I'm gonna die
right wait when I see someone looking at
Jackie's ba I literally turn so petty
look I stand behind there like this
and grab
grab
why
I literally lose all my money because
I'm watching
guys what do you know we're doing the
drive of shame ourselves all of our
money don't even wave goodbye to me no
fuck you don't wait goodbye I don't care
for anybody that works at this
piece-of-shit place guys and we were we
were both up a lot of money at some
point but we got greedy and this is what
happens we lost our money but at least
we didn't take out a lot so that's fine
but anyways oh fuck Bosley the biggest
bet I lost all night was when I said I
put a lot of money down and I said for
Bosley and then I lost yeah guys I'm
definitely putting puzzles in the garage
guys I didn't even notice that I had lot
like I was paying too much attention to
the screen because they were playing
ESPN and they were showing all the
summer league highlights so I kept
watching and I wasn't even paying
attention to how much money else I was
in paying attention every time I look at
the dealers she'd be like okay here
stand I go shit I'm watching the fucking
game they have a smoking section all
over like it there's no non-smoking
sections literally everyone around me
was smoking cigarettes I swear I
probably gained like two new wrinkles on
my forehead as if the ones already had
weren't bad enough
guys I'm actually surprised my
girlfriend hasn't died on the way back
people whatever have I been talking
about for literally 45 minutes straight
I've literally been talking about dragon
bender marquis chris devin booker eric
bledsoe
I've been telling her all about the Suns
on their history and they literally
everything I haven't been more I haven't
stopped talking for a single second I
just looked at her I expected her to be
dead or at least asleep and she's still
awake and that's why she's my girlfriend
guys I've literally been shoving stats
up her brain yeah up your ass - I've
been shoving stats up her ass talking
about all these summer league stats
regular season stats like like all this
stuff baby maybe if you walked yes team
Suns hashtag if you walked up enough no
babe if you walked up into a sports bar
I swear you would know more than half
the people in there half the guys
barbecue sauce and that's it yeah that's
it come here to get food because like I
said we lost our fucking money at Barona
casino and we didn't bring our cards
down because then we don't want to be
tempted to take more money out so we
didn't have any more money left so now
we have to come get food all the way
down here at fucking Carl's jr. anyways
I just want to give my condolences to
Brian
r.i.p because no he didn't died pretty
much because you know how when you got a
new car it's new up until you get the
license plate and then you have to put
it on then your car's officially old
bronze Rover and now that shit's
officially old this license plate came
in so Brian you have an old car did you
catch any more Pokemon today it was bad
we lost all of our money of fucking of
course yes never going back there oh I
spot a Pokemon the abscess to put this
Pokemon in the garage okay buzzer sorry
everyone tells me to do what the app
says come on I'm just joking you could
really
but yeah guys I'm serious like every
time I get close to downloading the app
I'm just like I actually played this app
in real life
why try to catch a Pokemon when
literally everyday I'm chasing and
trying to catch Bosley to put his ass in
the garage it's like I play a real-life
game and it's much harder like like I
said trying to put balls in the garage
is like the expert stage of the most
advanced game why would I play Pokemon
but no I'm just joking Jackie and Bryan
and all my cousins really want me to
download it and I'm just being stubborn
I'm just like now I'm not gonna download
it but don't find anyone I'm super
tempted to download it and I do want to
see what everyone's craze is all about
so I might do it secretly I don't know
I'll tell you guys but that's it okay
you guys to end this video I just wanted
to apologize because I know that I
promised my other day of summer league
today I would have a vlog of it because
I went to summer league two days I only
uploaded one vlog but we ended up going
to the casino and I just felt like
vlogging today you know I haven't I
haven't been home in such a long time
because I was in Vegas so I wanted to
kind of update you guys what's going on
with the family with the girlfriend with
the household so I apologize and also we
went to the casino
sometimes my vlogs are I don't want to
say it but you guys say they're pretty
boring you know stay at home or just
drive around here so now that we
actually did something I wanted to vlog
it for you guys don't worry the other
day of summer league will be going up
tomorrow so I hope you guys did enjoy
this vlog and just remember even if I
don't say it all the time just remember
it's right here and right here I love
you guys so much for watching all you
guys you guys are the best I love you
guys so much do not forget that remember
just because I don't say all the time
does not mean it's not here or here or
wat squad I love you guys and I hope you
enjoyed this video thank you so much for
watching
mmm Verona fuck you Casino I'm out I'm
gonna edit this video and then go to
sleep what time is it it's midnight I
need to start editing
oh shit tomato
oh shit really collagen you're cool I
actually asked for no tomato in my
burger okay guys it's time to go guys oh
fuck that was literally like I said hey
there was no non-smoking section at the
casino so I was just surrounded by smoke
and no offense to anybody who smoked
cigarettes that's your choice your
decision I don't care but me myself I
can't
I hate cigarettes I hate the smell and
it's nasty it gives me headaches like oh
I have to wash this for sure and no I
can't I can't do cigarettes no offense
anybody who does it like I said it's
your choice I'm not here to preach about
why you shouldn't smoke cigarettes but
I'm myself I just can't do it oh look
they literally should make a rule to put
the fries at the bottom of the bag when
you go to the drive-thru because
literally look what happens when the
fryer on top I literally ate all of them
on my way back I'm just reaching in the
bag while I'm driving like this hmm
I'm out guys I'm out am I literally a
fucking baby small fries chicken stars
and the burger I guess the burger makes
for an adult but look no better way to
end my night than to read multiple
Phoenix Suns articles
I love reading NBA articles I swear like
I'd rather read NBA articles than watch
videos or watch ESPN I just love it what
the hell are you supposed to do with the
Pokemon when you catch them I rape them
so they rape you like what are you
supposed to mean catch a Pokemon like I
think I'm just pissed because I
legitimately like saw Brian's screen saw
the Pokemon in my room and then I
literally went like this like I looked
away from a screen and look to see
throws in my room I think that's why I'm
pissed but no really so you catch the
Pokemon then while you fucking rape them
or what like I'll get that twinkle
twinkle little bitch star
