I got this
wife guy's mother duties
get yourself a babe oh my god it's also
burnt get yourself a girlfriend who
irons your shirt oh just imagine if you
just put it on my stomach but why are
you trying to be a MILF again your mom
you're doing chores listening to Spanish
music where are we going and after that
the most important thing no babe no we
could get Starbucks but that's not the
Muslim yeah I did
we're going to NBA Summer League again
and we're go we're sitting courtside
again the Suns don't play till 7:30 and
it's like 12 o'clock right now but
there's 4 games today the Suns play the
4th game so we're good just gonna go
watch the other games chill courtside
until the Suns game starts and then you
pull out the yeah those times got to my
literally of player for the Sun Summer
League look I'm gonna walk up in there
yeah guys first of all before we even
get to the to the arena I just want to
say shout out to see eat from ok guys as
I'm sitting here chillin watching the
view I definitely didn't just sit here
for the camera
shoutout to who Zeki I wanted to give a
huge shoutout for today's to a huge
thank you and shoutout for today's
cheeky
q see they were anywhere except for
there so that was really that was the
only side that I could find them on the
only website that had them on SeatGeek
they were selling it in three and I
managed to get it in uh in a two so see
geek is the best I'm telling you we
looked all over Craigslist Ticketmaster
at StubHub every single site and then we
went to see geek babe I can't say that
one word when I say see geek it sounds
weird I'd say seat geek thank you
but ya moron seat geek later but for now
I just want to give a huge shout out to
them and a huge thank you hold on the
best part is at the end of this video
you could even use a promo code and you
get money off already a cheap website a
cheap ticket website but yeah for now
thank you see geek more on that later
but we're going to go ahead out to the
summer league right now guys I just
wanted to give a huge shout out to every
single subscribe how many were there
luckily like 300 no it was like more
than 200 I swear and I told my
girlfriend I was like hey babe I'm gonna
I want to count how many people I mean
that watch my videos after all I got
Lisa like I lost count
yeah so shout out to all you guys was an
honor to meet you guys it was an honor
meeting all you guys last time I told
you - between me all the pictures of
all the pictures I said just to make
sure I look good in them Vegas
oh and I spoke with a Devin Booker babe
who wreck okay
who came up to me first Tyler Ulis he
like I guess he remembered me from one
happy one
no he remembered me from one he went
when I went down to paintball he came
over and said what's up and then I told
him I thought he came over I said what's
up and I thanked him out like thanks for
getting Booker to play some early jazz I
know you're the only reason he's playing
and he just started laughing yeah I
spoke with Booker he met I got him to
meet Jackie for the first time you guys
have no idea how nervous it's like
meeting is literally
before we go to the big assembly we are
making a stop at raising cane's of
course after she made herself out so
yeah we're going to favor how many times
have we actually ate Raising Cane's on
this trip but guys we in they tried to
get food and I run into Andy right here
guys know what's up
watch all my videos yeah thank you
and obviously anything that it
Oh
the
certain items
fangirl 101 to the million hole
ticket releasing count
the gramp worker
team literally because he was working
yesterday and he keeps asking for
tickets I was like oh you remember us
right and and he's like I'll remember
her and I was just like wait you just
say you just said that to
me I was like okay lucky his ankles
already I know I hope you take them but
they're already broken words like we're
game hopping baby you just stepped on my
white shoes okay fine
guys we're game hopping you know people
in the cinema go movie hopping
look guys saw makers right there number
seven when nobody knows how old he is
but yeah guys that's the crazy thing
about Summerlee there's two games going
on at once all day there's wondering it
down there and one back here and you
could honestly choose which one you want
to go to so we choose we get a little
bit of Bowl
except for one the sons play then you
got security guys look every summer
league they close off the upper sections
this section is closed and yesterday for
the Lakers and Sixers game
DeAngelo Russell Brandon Ingram versus
Ben Simmons it was actually they set the
most packed game in summer league
history they have to open up the top
even the top was pack
guys my girlfriend's in shock because
every time I meet an enemy player
literally I just say what I say by their
first day how the other day I'm just
like what's your name
nice shot
Quinn cook or take hold look at this
it's literally take hold look as I
actually think Jake olds playing this
game
guys we're here introduce yourself
please
eventual NBA champion with the LA Lakers
amazing I'm sitting next to an NBA
champion
maybe me in the future I took on 21 with
5.9 so I don't know about that but as
well as so all incoming freshmen college
you owe a big thank you for any Negro
and they don't graduate college the
company
Oh
elphaba move
I did it when I was watching polythene
also you were the leader for most points
in watching Olympics before the guy so
so we're looking upset right now the man
the man averaged almost 30 and 20 is
rookie year at age 19 19 so we're over
here talking oh do you like this 19 year
old you told me look at my dad
30 and 20 30 and 20 is rookie year so
then Simmons you got you got a new bar
risen for you right now
I just made getting shooter and Lucas no
yeah yeah they're actually super chill
Oh sug Andrew
yeah with the mansion-house all shoot
both underrated on right here
Oh
guys Chris Dunn and Adrian Payne
never ever
not wigging
I'm stuck here see a huge fan
stay with me with the gameplay going on
all right you think guys why does this
do look like Kevin Durant say he looks
like Julian
it looks just like doing KD
I went to Golden State
babe what did you say
guys look for everyone who asks like oh
how did you get Jackie like how did you
get her to like you it was this easy
place please report but I had done the
word I said look Jackie I've never
missed this in my life
haha
is that your talent you know what I'm
talking about
guys my girlfriend's actually eating a
whole pizza to herself you want a
pretzel okay fine
wait okay okay guys we have two huge
fans Dominique and get for her name it
just goes away you can't get to them
obviously no but her name is Phoenix
how cool is that you guys can say what
something you want on my videos I'll
watch all these videos use my favorite
you are you just saying that are you
just saying that
we got Cameron here huge fan who's your
favorite player you love submarine yes
god she's seven years old he chased me
down in the bathroom I turn around what
are you doing I'm in the back say what's
up
Nathan yo yo oh my god you guys got to
change the hat Phoenix son you have you
guys took my boy Draghi
I'm crazy act
Oh
God then where's Denzel
the bag too many men on the field
Oh
oh that one
I am thank you brandy thank you thank
you you're welcome
guys so that was like a Phoenix Suns
team representative like one of the
workers higher-ups for the Phoenix Suns
and he came up to me and I was about to
introduce myself and he's like don't
worry Brandon we know who you are you
don't need to introduce he's like we all
know who you are and I was like oh my
god he knew my name before I even
freaking said anything it was insane I
came and stopped smiling about it I want
Oh
jaelyn
got shoutout the stinky monkey up
sitting courtside with John Jenkins
right here and my girlfriend Bom Bom
sitting right here
well maschmann you ever been to San
Diego never been my I think you can do
that
making both worst call I've ever seen my
life be worse look he can't guard you
can't guard too
now record
you
all right awesome
guys shout out my boys from California I
was raised in Jason Jason they're
charging fans just like me main sucks
man are we there to building guy
alrighty
they're from sorry they're from Cali as
well alright guys so I just got
interviewed if sons team
themselves
he said the guy said that his boss which
is like the Phoenix Suns know
who I am and they want to get an
interview with me that was actually the
scariest moment of my life I couldn't
believe it I was actually shaking it was
actually insane I freaking mess up my
name I said subdued oh here you guys go
say what's up to the vlog what's your
names
thank you thank you guys is where they
film I saw the guys Mason one Tyson
Godley literally only eight canes this
whole entire trip babe I want canes
before we go to the airport we literally
only need canes crying actual tears
unless you so much stripper pole I'm
gonna miss you I miss you so much I'll
be back though don't worry I will be
back remember that and remember me guys
before I close out this video I just
want to say something really quick the
amount of fans the amount of subscribers
I met is crazier than the whole event
itself so yes I met so many NBA players
and I met I got to sit courtside
watching the sport that I love and you
know I got interviewed by the Suns all
that was crazy great and insane and
surreal and I still can't process it on
I love that but the fact that I kid you
not I met over 400 fans 400 people who
watch my videos over the last two days
and they were asking for autographs and
asking for pictures and and nothing
beats that feeling you know I I try it
like cuz I know how it feels when I go
up and meet one of the sons players so I
try to make this like as great as an
experience as it can be for you guys
when you guys come up to me you know I
sign take pictures I try to talk as much
as I could and and it's just like it was
I love I just couldn't believe it like
so many of you guys so many pictures and
I just want to thank all of you guys for
watching my videos if I could've filled
up to me I wouldn't mean every single
person who's ever watched any of my
videos but obviously I just can't do
that but for for all the people that I
met I was in shock like there were some
people who were asking me to sign a ball
that was also signed by professional NBA
players and I'm just like bro like I
don't like I don't want to sign this
it's signed by NBA athletes and they're
like no please we want you to sign and
I'm just like are you sure like I don't
want to mess it up and people were
asking me to sign autographs for they
were meant for NBA players to sign they
were asking me and and you know security
was asking me like who are you and I'm
just like I just make videos honestly
I don't even know who I am myself but
just like I love meeting you guys I love
it I love it I love it as big of a smile
as it puts on your face it puts an even
bigger one on mine so thank you so much
to everybody who came out and it was a
pleasure and an honor meeting you guys
you guys trust me as happy as you guys
get I get just as happy so just remember
that um but now let me get into SeatGeek
because if it wasn't for them none of
this would have been possible like I
told you I had thought tickets were sold
out for this event I have bought VIP
tickets were sold out
I checked StubHub Ticketmaster NBA
Tickets of Vivid Seats I checked all of
those nothing you know I thought I was
going to be able to say VIP and then I
was like oh I didn't check SeatGeek
I check ze boom one second there were
tickets there so I can stay here and lie
to you guys and say oh go check out cig
it's the best website ever or I can tell
you the truth and you could go check it
out for yourself
seat geek you could download the app and
use my promo code and you what is
already the best and cheapest ticket
website why not get $20 off you could
use my promo code ba if that's not the
easiest and shortest promo code I don't
know what is ba you get $20 off of your
purchase your first purchase and hey
guess what's coming up the Drake and
future concert that's coming up that's
where I bought my tickets why don't you
guys buy it from there too it's the
cheapest the cheapest I mean and the
easiest way to buy tickets let me tell
you what they do so rather than you
searching of multiple ticket websites
trying to find the cheapest or trying to
find the best tickets you go to see geek
and they get all those ticket sites
pretty much combined and they show you
it all on one screen and then also they
give you a review 1 to 100 100 being the
good tickets 1 being the worst tickets
they rate them so you don't have to
research yourself it's all there for you
they also give you a color green means
the ticket is good value red means it's
bad value obviously so why do all the XR
work when you can get all that work on
one website and hey the only side that I
found VIP tickets available see geek
they made this experience possible for
me without them I'd be sitting all the
way in the back and although was so
great view none of this would have been
possible you guys saw the video so on
check out see geek obviously the best
site to purchase any tickets for any
event concerts sporting events anything
like that and on top of that like I said
you get $20 off for using the easiest
promo code on the Internet ba so do me a
favor and go check them out if you guys
are going to the Drake of Future culture
that's where I bought my tickets so go
check them out and thank you so much to
all the fans and thank you so much to
see geek for making this possible
because like I said I had thought
tickets were sold out and there was one
website that have the tickets just one
right there thank you guys so much for
watching this video and I had a great
great time this wait let me say this was
the best weekend of my life you guys
know how much I love NBA you know how
much I love basketball being surrounded
by all those names and all those people
who have played in the league or
executives in the league reporters just
all of that it's like a dream come true
to me you guys know me for some people
it might be a fun time for me this was
the best weekend of my life nothing
makes me happier than NBA nothing makes
me happier than watching basketball so
for me to be there right in the middle
of all the action meeting all these
people it was just insane and I want to
thank you guys so much and thank you see
geeking man it was a crazy weekend and I
can't wait to go back next year okay and
if there are some of you guys who are
confused about what I mean by what
SeatGeek does what makes it so easy what
makes it so great and so cheap just in
the link below you can download the app
in the link below you can check them out
or and also just watch this it's pretty
much an app demo I just watch this and
then check them out after
okay guys my camera was dying so I kind
of cut that short I just want to say
really quick again the amount of fans
like I don't care what any youtuber says
I don't care what any celebrity says
when they say oh I love meeting guys I
love meeting my fans none of them mean
as much as I do I like my girlfriend
always tells me she says babe why why do
you get so happy uh like like you look
so happy after that and I'm like babe I
don't know like I just can't I love the
feeling I loved making you guys's day
trust me maybe it's because I know how
it feels always chasing around Phoenix
Suns players ever since I was a kid and
asking for autographs and pictures so I
want to make it the best experience for
you guys I want you guys to me all the
youtubers and all the celebrities that
you want to meet but then when you meet
me I want you to say wow he was an Isis
wow he would that was the funnest
experience I like I just want to make
you guys's day and it's healthy amount
that I met over there oh my gosh like I
thought at the fair it was was nice you
know meeting a lot of you guys when I
went over there thank you so much
because you guys made my day just as
much as I major in and thank you
thank you a lot also like you guys know
you know like I love the NBA I love the
Phoenix Suns and I just loved even
before I did YouTube like ever since I
was a kid I wanted to be a reporter and
an analyst and before I did YouTube I
was writing for this website hoping to
one day go sit courtside and be
credentialed to do media over there and
what I'm going to school for my college
classes are media and journalism because
one day I would love to work for the NBA
I would love to work for the Suns so for
me like this was the greatest time of my
life just meeting and introducing myself
to a lot of NBA faces a lot of NBA names
and just just saying even simplest thing
as to saying what's up and giving them a
high-five
that makes like I just can't explain to
you how much I love this this was the
best weekend of my life and it puts such
a big smile on my face and I can't wait
to go back next year and I had the
greatest time this is
makes for waters happy you could give me
ten million dollars I don't care you
could give me straight A's in school
okay thank you but this is what makes me
happy this is what I love everybody has
their passion everybody has something
they love this is what I love last but
not least like I said about SeatGeek
I'm not saying go throw your money away
on tickets but if you're already going
to buy tickets if you're already gonna
go to an event go to a concert or
sporting event why would you pay more at
a different website why would you get
yourself in a hassle looking at a
multiple different website this is the
cheapest and you could think I'm just
making it up but look it up yourself and
it's the easiest they literally get all
the tickets available on one side and
boom put it right in front of your face
so you can see them and then they grade
them so you can't get fooled by the
other sides lying to you so just go
ahead and check it out and use my promo
code because you get money off already
the cheapest site
