got this but yeah I'm gonna finish up
packing and then we're heading back home
to see Bosley I can't wait to put him in
the garage I'm almost done children just
landed and lazy a SS is already taking a
nap did the jetlag get to you even
though it was a fucking 45-minute flight
with no time to clean actually she said
baby I'm gonna get jet lag I said babe
you don't get jet lag from literally a
flight that's less than one hour across
one state mom did you miss me
yes of course Bosley did you miss me now
let me tell you a hot-rodder Bosley you
dumb ass how proud are you oh so proud
of self everybody on this thank you was
saying okay thank you
hey Bosley mom I was so freaked in like
I like that was the most gut so what
she's talking about having explained it
yet but I got interviewed by the Phoenix
Suns themselves Phoenix Suns team it
wasn't none of this Oh blood so hit me
up to go hang out with him our old
Booker told me I can make a video no the
Phoenix like I'll explain better
upstairs let me just get my dad he's
barbecuing really quick guys don't let
this Bosley fool you he was actually
excited to see me
dad did you miss me oh I know
four nights how much did you miss me hot
how much though
ah okay okay guys so let me explain it
really quick so in case you guys didn't
know which I'm sure by now everybody
knows I was in Vegas this whole past
week and Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday I was with my girlfriend of
course and we had tickets to NBA Summer
League and we were sitting courtside
obviously front row if you guys don't
know what course that means and they
just go to sleep don't distract me I
need to make this video okay so we're
sitting courtside and the Phoenix Suns
played the very last game hold on guys
my mom blocked off my camera stand this
is what happens when I'm gone babies go
to sleep I'll be there in a little oh my
god why did I put candy in front of her
okay anyways guys so yeah so we're
courtside and there was four games that
day the Phoenix Suns have we're playing
the very last game by the way in case
any of you guys were wondering I
apologize for no upload yesterday but
the summer league went on from there
very recording me the summer league went
on from 11 a.m. till 10 p.m. so I was
there for like almost 12 hours went back
to the hotel room and I knocked out I
fell asleep right away but so on
I apologize for not upload yesterday and
the vlogs of the summer league which I'm
sure you guys are dying to see because
I'm dying to edit and upload then those
are going to come out tomorrow and the
next day I went two days so tomorrow
Tuesday and then the next day Wednesday
it's going to be two summerlee vlogs and
I'm telling you guys right now you guys
are going to love them they were just it
I'll just let you guys wait okay
anticipation is building up imma let you
guys wait to see it but anyway so this
was too important not to make a separate
video of it was the craziest thing
that's ever happened to my life in my
life and the craziest thing that's ever
happened to me and it was just insane so
I'm sitting courtside and we watched the
first three games so now it's time for
the son's game Booker comes out I had a
little word for Booker I told to drop 30
for me he promised me he would drop 30
and he fell a little short
I saw a Tyler Ulis talk to him and you
know the games about to start and I see
Jared Dudley walking out
and this dude his name was Luke he works
for the Phoenix Suns he came up to me
and he's like oh hey we're gonna put
Jerrod next to you and Jared uglies from
San Diego so I told him I said I said oh
thank you
Jared's from San Diego and I'm from San
Diego too and he he kind of laughed he's
like we know who you are Brandon we know
who you are and I looked at Jackie and I
was like I told them I said wait hold on
do you mind saying that for the vlog
really quick so here's this Phoenix know
who I am
Brandon thank you thank you you're
welcome
so apparently Luke who does he's like a
social media representative for the
Phoenix Suns he told me that the team
knows who I am and like they wanted to
put like they like guys I don't even
know fave I don't know what to say I
really don't know what to say so I was
just like oh cuz I knew Bledsoe and
Booker knew me they follow me on Twitter
obviously but the fact that he said yes
the team knows who you are bubble blah I
was just like thank you so much as I
know thank you for representing the Suns
and I was just like of course like that
so you know we're just watching the game
we're having a good time
this dude Sean he comes up to me and
he's like hey so the boss of the Phoenix
Suns my boss he um he knows who you are
he's heard all about you and I guess
you're pretty big-time and I just
started laughing I was like I was like
no I wouldn't call myself big-time like
I'm just a regular person I record
videos and he's like well pretty much my
boss wants me to interview you I had no
idea what it was for I had no idea what
who he was or anything he just had a tag
that had a Phoenix Suns badge
now if I go can I ask who you are and he
said like yeah he like social media
representative for the Phoenix Suns and
he would love to interview me and I was
just like yes of course and babe
houndour like I just I was like yes of
course like after the game where you are
me to me I was freaking stoked and so
like he told me to just meet over there
after the game and I still remember to
the security guard who when the game
ended said everybody leave I'll never
forget this moment I said what
she said no no way you gotta leave and
I'll never forget this moment I said um
actually I'm getting interviewed by the
Phoenix Suns so and she kind of looked
at me like like she was pissed because I
hit her with that so anyway so I got
interviewed by the Phoenix Suns like and
I was so like that's I'm gonna put the
interview up for you guys so here's I
had Jacqui record the unedited version
of it so she just said Nexen was
recording me and then the Phoenix Suns
actually uploaded the edited version of
that to their Twitter so here's what the
tweet is here's what the tweet is they
said youtuber and Suns fan Broadus was
in Vegas supporting the summer sun's
find out how he became such a big fan
and they kind of put a clip together
guys
I could have said so much more I could
have spoke so much better I could have I
was fucking nervous like what like
literally I'm just sitting watching the
game and within five minutes this dude
comes up to me oh my boss knows who you
are the Phoenix Suns know who you are do
you want to do an interview
I work for the Suns I'm their social
blah blah before you know I'm standing
in front of a camera the microphone to
my mouth talking for Sun sweater and
Suns calm like and then you know I went
back to the hotel and I'm taking a
shower and I'm just like on you know the
after thoughts all I could have said
this I should have said that I should
have said this so pretty much I'm gonna
give you guys the unedited version that
my girlfriend recorded guys babe just
from your voice what what did I mess up
right when the microphone hit my mouth
you're freaking me my name he said okay
so first we'll start off thank god he
cut that out
Thank You Sean he cut this out he said
okay we'll start off with your name and
last name and please spell for me I said
I'm Brandon the waters BR w-would and I
said okay hold on hold on I misspelled
my name and I was just like oh my god so
no but and we obviously yes I got
interviewed they pretty much asked me
why I'm such a big fan why I'm excited
for the Phoenix Suns future how I became
such a big fan and to me it was so
surreal like I'm standing there with the
mic to my mouth looking at the camera
but in my head the only thing I only
think that was actually going through my
head the whole time while doing the
interview was just like how is the
actually happening like I just want to
give obviously a huge thank you to the
Phoenix Suns a huge thank you to Shawn
for the interview on the edit came out
really sick a huge thank you to just sit
all of you guys because if it wasn't for
you guys I probably would not have been
noticed just like I don't know it was
just actually so crazy and I'm gonna let
you guys see this interview just
remember tomorrow I'm going to vlog one
of the days at Summer League and then
the next day so your next two days vlogs
are going to be really really exciting
and entertaining especially for those of
you guys who watch basketball and know
basketball they're going to be really
awesome for those of you who don't it's
still going to be an awesome to watch
because it was just such a good time so
I'm getting to those dates later
tomorrow and Wednesday you'll hear more
about those but for today's strictly the
Phoenix Suns interview I hope you guys
enjoy this as much as I did once once
the nerves like came off it was just so
such a crazy moment and I had TJ Warren
and Jared Dudley literally like in the
chairs right next to me watching the
interview and I don't know guys it was
it was insane I had no idea what's
coming and been how excited like I
couldn't stop talking I still can't stop
talking about it it's just it's crazy
I'm gonna say is hard work and
dedication pays off the hard work yes
but dedication especially because I
never ever ever ever ever stopped
talking about the sun's stop like
literally everything I do I try to
relate it to the Phoenix Suns in
basketball you guys might think oh so
this is where YouTube got you know years
back when I was 14 15 years old I have
old pictures I was in LA at the Staples
Center a little fucking chipmunk when I
see master Zee talking to Steve Nash
like I would I would like watch on TV
where the Phoenix Suns general manager
would sit and I would count the rows and
then when I would go to a game I would
get that row of the ticket just hoping
that he would have the same seat I
hadn't met him before they had my resume
on file but they've always told me you
got to finish school like they've known
who I was but never to this extent so
it's just crazy and I hope you
enjoy this interview
growing up in San Diego I don't even
want to say it on camera but I'm
surrounded by a Laker fans I know so uh
Steve Nash Amar'e Stoudemire Shawn
Marion that team how could you not love
them you look at the ring count zero but
you look at all the fun games and
memories I've come in love with that
team ever since then right here my team
I travel to Phoenix I come down to Vegas
I go to LA every time they go down there
my team I got a I'll call them cuz I'm
in San Diego so Phoenix is kind of a
long drive and they come down here I'm
there being a Sun fan in its own I'm
gonna be yourself until the day until
the day I die I don't know not switch
teams it's just such a young fun young
team to watch and all the multiple draft
picks coming in cash goes in will get a
star sooner or later oh wait you might
already be on the team
where's Debbie net you got a star Devin
Booker down here are you nervous
you
you
we
just storm
we go
so Steve Nash and Martha McSally and
that how could he not love it you look
at the ring time zero but to the fishes
my team
all the way
Oh
for them
guys shout out more my boys from
California I was raised in Jesus Jason
they're charging fans just like me and
sons man are we did a building guy all
righty
um they're from sorry they're from Cali
as well hi guys so I just got
interviewed your fuckin sons team
themselves he said like I said that his
boss which is like the fucking Phoenix
Suns know who I am and they want to get
an interview with me that was actually
the scariest moment of my life I
couldn't believe it I was actually
shaking it was actually insane I
freaking mess up my name
