okay guys so I'm in a huge rush to go to
the NBA Summer League right now I need
to be there early because I have VIP
courtside seats so I need to go but
anyway I wanted to get this video for
you guys because I was supposed to have
a vlog up for you guys
vlog footage it was actually really
funny and everything but instead you
guys are getting a little justjust
listen
so last night I lost my camera picture
this I last night I wasn't planning to
go to the NBA Summer League I only had
to get to Saturday and Sunday but you
know me and Jackie got bored we were
like we're just walking around the strip
and they still had some tickets for sale
so we're like okay we'll just go check
it out for like an hour or so so you
know try to get an uber just like always
no one takes taxis anymore they're more
expensive longer lines longer wait
everyone takes a goober so I'm trying to
get an uber and I have no service on my
phone so we're like okay you know what
we'll just take a taxi this one time
again the taxi line we wait we go in the
taxi he drops us off mind you we have
not ever taken a taxi we always take
uber every time on vacation I I get out
the taxi when I get down to UNLV and a
minute later I'm like I'm like fuck my
camera I left her in the car so I try to
run back to the taxi and he's already
gone so on you know I call my hotel and
they're like oh we're not responsible
for that it's a separate taxi company
and I'm like fuck like okay so what's
the number this is like all outside of
the basketball arena and I'm just
standing there trying to get this so
they gave me the number to the taxi
company a taxi company goes well what
was the name of the taxi cab you were on
there like we have 16 different
companies that go to Planet Hollywood
and I was just like although I honestly
don't know what the company was called
so they gave me a list of 16 taxi
companies to call each and every single
one call every single taxi company and
place your claims for a loss and found
for a camera and I was like fuck so then
I'm about to call okay I call the first
company hold on check this out
this was Friday yesterday right Friday
our lost and found hours are Monday
through Friday closed on Saturday and
Sunday so they had already closed that
Friday they closed Saturday and Sunday
Monday me and Jackie were leaving early
Monday morning so even if someone did
turn it in I wouldn't be able to get it
back all the way till Monday morning and
I'll probably have to reschedule my
flight because she drive to the taxi
lost-and-found pick up get it and this
is all if someone turned it in it's like
a $700 camera I'm sure somebody would
have taken it so you know I'm I called
the first company boom my phone dies 15
other companies I didn't call my phone
dies so like okay I'm Matt we're just at
UNLV you know we're watching the games
I'll tell you the story after this one
we get we're done Jackie's phone is also
dead so like we trying to call an uber
both of our phones are dead so we end up
having to find someone to call an uber
for us and I had to pay an extra money
just so he trusts me like bro I'm not
like here's some extra money if you
think I'm gonna change the destination
so that was that already sucked you know
like we raced back to the hotel and I
charged my phone and I'm calling all
these different taxi companies and
finally you wouldn't believe it finally
you know someone oh yeah we have the
camera Baba we just need you to confirm
so I I called the taxi guy and I was
like dude thank you so much like oh my
god I couldn't believe it like what are
the odds that not only did he didn't
turn it into the loss of found if he
turned it into the lost and found I
would have had to wait till Monday and
probably reschedule my flight because
the lost-and-found opens on Monday and
we had to leave early Monday morning I
had VIP Saturday and Sunday seats I was
trying to vlog it for you guys I
couldn't vlog it for you guys if I lost
my camera
what are the odds that not only did
nobody steal it it was thrown in the
back seat the back seat not even exit
driver what are the odds that not only
did nobody steal it but he actually
didn't turn it into the lost and found
you know what he said he said yeah I had
a feeling you were gonna call so I just
held onto it till tonight I was gonna
turn it in after my shift his shift
ended at 1:00 a.m. I called him at like
10:30 p.m. I'm just like dude like oh my
gosh how did nobody take it like I was
just sitting there thinking I was so
bummed out I was like $700 camera
my memory card was then I had six
hundred videos I had all the vlog
footage from Vegas for two full days
that I hadn't uploaded for you guys or
edited and I was gonna go up today but
obviously I didn't get my camera back
till way late last night and there was
that but here's the second part of this
story that I didn't get to vlog for you
guys first of all shout out all you fans
that I met last night at the summer
league I wanted to get them on my vlog
but my phone was out of storage and my
camera was obviously missing and
Jackie's phone was dead I wanted to get
them on the vlog you know some of them
they had a basketball autographed by
basketball players like NBA players and
they asked me to sign it and I was just
like I was like you really want me to
sign a bat like you won't provide a
signature on a basket of professional
NBA players they're like yeah and I was
like thank you like I felt so I was so
honored to do it like I didn't want to
touch it like NBA players and then just
mean like I was so honored I was like
yeah of course we took pictures with a
lot of people a lot of fans and I wanted
to get them in my vlog but if I meet you
guys today or Sunday I'll definitely put
you guys in my vlog but here's the real
real story
so of course Friday yesterday I don't
have VIP I just want to check it out for
a little guess who's sitting VIP just
gets Devin Booker he's sitting VIP and
I'm not VIP so I can't go down there I
was trying to tell security I'm like I
know him and they were like nope you
can't go down even if you know them you
can't go down so you know I'm just
sitting in my seat and and I'm pretty
close to the VIP but I'm not there now
everyone I guess in front of me were
Kentucky fans and they had Devin
Booker's picture there trying to scream
Devin Devin there trying to get his
autograph and he's not turning around
obviously professional basketball player
he's not gonna turn around during a game
ice cream I wanted to vlog this so bad
but I kid you not ask the people around
me asked Jackie just listen I said Devin
it's your homie Broadus and he turns
around and he says hey what's up and he
gets up out of his seat and he comes up
to me and obviously when he came up all
the people that wanted the autographs
they got it he signed it for them and
then we talked for a little and like we
took a snapchat and I told him how they
look at I'll watch you guys play
tomorrow so he knows I'm coming down and
then all the kids that wanted his
autograph we're like thank you so much
thank you so much that he wasn't coming
up for anybody because like you have
like 50 people screaming at you
you're trying to watch the game so on
and then he came up for me and he was
just like oh what are you doing here bah
bah and I'm like oh it was just crazy
and I wish I got that on the vlog he
literally he turned around with a hey
what's up and he walked all the way up
the stairs I was like in the fourth row
and security was looking at me like who
the fuck are you like why did he come up
for you and then it was just insane and
I like I thank him so much and it was
crazy and then I hit up eric bledsoe
last night and he told me he was coming
down so I'll probably see him today it
was just crazy guys so I'm just happy I
got my camera back that was the biggest
thing listen we're in Vegas no offense
but what like someone could've easily
stepped into the back seat of the taxi
stole the camera or the taxi driver
could have turned it into the lost and
found I wouldn't have it all weekend I
just didn't know what I was gonna do
Jackie was like babe you look so upset I
was like I am babe like not only is my
camera gone but all my footage like and
I wanted to edit for you guys upload but
anyways I'm in a huge rush I'm gonna put
some clips at the end of this but we
need to go we haven't even ate yet and I
need to go meet up a blood cell Booker
and a lot of fans I was so surprised how
many I met and it was just great meeting
you guys so I'm gonna put you guys in
the wall if I see you today or tomorrow
I hope you guys on enjoyed or I guess
learned a lesson from this video but I
believe in miracles I don't care I
really believe in miracles it was crazy
last I was crazy I was so stressed and
upset and it all worked out okay yeah
guys I was so sure someone stole I
haven't tweeted I was like I was like
yep so my camera is either lost or
stolen but I'm sorry guys I won't be
getting it back I lost all my footage
and like I was just so sure it was
stolen or lost like for a fact I thought
a hundred percent was gone
hey guys recording with my laptop I
can't boy bed can you take it off
speaker please China both on phones
trying to call I'm trying to call all
taxi companies to try to find my camera
this is what our night has come to it
was we're supposed to go to the ferris
wheel on a date to the high roller fares
um hi
oh really oh my god was it was it like a
couple of hours ago oh yes oh my god
okay so way so I call him and then what
oh okay thank you so much what's the
phone number okay thank you so much
that's not it then you crushed my dreams
we don't know yet guys okay hold on now
so on my bed how long did I spend
outside the arena calling the the
companies like forty guys
I've called so many fucking companies
and this one might have it she said
there was a camera reported under that
description and I just have to make sure
it's mine please God please
I'll just Tweety how I lost my camera in
all my footage and it's over 600 videos
it was like a $700 camera and I don't
know what I'm gonna do this is Brandon
I'm pretty sure I left the camera in
your taxi like a couple of hours ago and
I called lost-and-found for like every
single taxi company and they led me to
this number it was black with really big
lens Sony 5100 with a flip screen that
flip oh gosh thank you so much I thought
I lost I was even gonna tell my mom she
was gonna kill me
well it's because I didn't know I didn't
know which company that I took so I was
calling a bunch of different ones but
that's the second I hopped out of the
car I turned around and I tried to like
run after your cab and you were gone so
I started calling all the companies then
my phone died thanks goodbye yes babe I
can't believe it
guys the struggle was so real I would be
not just mad I was just like down I was
like wow I wanted to vlog my VIP
experience like yes oh I lost my camera
I really wanted to vlog my all my
footage was guys on I'll update you when
I come back when I come back to the
hotel room okay guys
yet babe I'm so happy that's crazy all
right all right stop stalling me and I
know what it feels like yeah guys so it
turns out that the I leave a nice camera
like this in the car I know I'm an idiot
that's why it puts it in his pocket and
then he takes it out what he said so you
know cuz it's too much don't you have a
camera case frog no I wish you can get a
camera case kind of you strapped alright
yeah but I don't look
swaggy with that around my neck over
your shoulder and have no to your side
well I mean I'm telling you that you're
gonna lose that camera oh so easily just
signature towers God the very next
customer and David thing he could have
easily taken it next customer it was in
the backseat could it easily just
snatched it up I'm so thankful blessed
lucky guys I'm hyped I don't even care
what footage I get I'm just recording
with my camera cuz I'm so thankful to
happen golly so did you guys you already
said someone actually got into his
backseat and turned the camera in they
gave him the camera and they were like
hey someone left this they could have
easily taken especially down here in
Vegas like
so lucky
