okay guys so we got p.o box opening
video i trapped Bosley outside so that
because he wasn't getting on the couch
and I want him to do the peel box
opening video with me mom I'm gonna get
Bosley on the couch so I trapped him
outside so now when I put the camera
down I'm gonna pick him up and put him
on the couch with me anyways hold on
before I start this video I just want to
say that before I even open any of the
gifts because I don't need to see what's
inside to say thank you before I even
open them I'm saying thank you in
advance I think Brian's doing naughty
talk on the phone yeah I want to say
thank you in advance because it's not
what's on the inside of the gift it's
just the fact that you guys even went
out of your way to send anything to my
PO Box is just crazy and I appreciate it
my mom tripped and I really do
appreciate it heavily so thank you so
much for that and now let's get this
camera view set up and let's get balls
on the couch okay we'll set the camera
up say Bosley mom give me a treat Oh No
hold on he's gonna conduct the incident
while we just sit okay okay guys it a
good boy mom please the cameras
recording okay guys so first of all like
I said I just wanted to say thank you so
much for all the lovely that was I was
naughty talking on the phone
laughing happy ok so guys um me and my
mom spent like two hours opening letters
not the gifts the open letters we don't
do that on camera look there's all the
letters I opened and we spent like
countless hours opening the letters last
night so I want to say thank you for
those mom what what drawer do I have in
my room
fan mail I put all the letters yeah we
put all the letters ever god it's
getting so full so we read all the
letters off-camera
I received so much like handwritten
letters so many basketball cards Devin
Booker Eric Bledsoe Markieff Morris some
people sent and they were all amazing to
read brand new roman' barbara barn era
once from Miami once from New York these
are all the letters we read I'll know
who else make Abruzzi John Abruzzi from
Prison Break
there's just so much ok so put all these
8 and Ford my point being we read all
the we read all the letters love those
put them on my drawer some of them are
still here I spent like two hours on
those but now it's time for the O box
I'll find another only reason I do these
videos for the knives ok guys let's try
to attempt to get Ball Z on the couch
one more time hold on Bryan hold on
father come on Rosie let's go on the
couch
let's go on the couch okay fine you're
gonna go in the garage and said let's go
in the garage
don't focus you when I'm making the
video Brian don't Brian if you shoot me
I swear to god I'll break the lens of my
camera on your head time bless you all
right don't Brian don't Brian I'll
fucking kill it Brian don't I swear to
God okay
give me the gun hey give me the gun give
me the gun okay
don't focus you anymore swear to God
don't shoot I swear stop my balls are
sweaty now I'm going to ejaculate oh
don't don't shoot Brian stop guys nerf
guns are my worst nightmare don't shoot
guys not gonna lie I got a little
carried away yesterday and I open the
package already off-camera it was from
Elle Brennan from Michigan and first of
all okay you got me a pregnancy test so
he probably knows that going wah
come here come on your treat
yeah look okay go on the couch go on the
couch go on the couch go fugly fuck you
I'm done okay so dummy a pregnancy test
with a No
this gift is for you please take this
gift with love and laughter you and your
checkout hold enough to know what's
going on in the world there's not enough
love and laughter in the world your new
friend from Michigan Lisa thank you so
much there isn't enough love and
laughter in the world
just look I scored down as in the
comment section below
a comment with positivity and love and
happiness has how many thumbs up zero a
comment with hey and judging the video
and criticizing everyone in the video
has hundreds of thumbs up so you're
right though the world needs more love
and laughter and thank you for that
because you're absolutely right baby for
the pregnancy test although I'm kind of
scared to ask Jackie to take this she
also got me a real roaster look Brian go
in go in your room stop what put the gun
down put away I know we're ages 6 to 10
but I really was not like okay go
I'm serious I need to get more videos
done before I go to Vegas okay guys so
this you put like a hot dog or
marshmallow and you roast it on the fire
and you reel it in so you'll have to get
close to the fires so that way I'm not
gonna burn my finger and say oh shit
tomato so thank you for that stuff and
then a full bag of candy to Brandon oh
my god
so much candy champion what
non-alcoholic what kind of drink is this
21 now I'm just joking thank you so much
thank you love from Michigan and love to
Michigan because there's a bunch of
Chaldeans that live in Michigan my mommy
you're not half of them this is actually
from unwelcome breedings I'm not going
to open the envelope but I didn't look
at the game so read this last okay okay
oh my god
Bryan look guys look at this everybody
knows about bro waters
look at the thing it's a huge know that
I said that everybody knows about
growing up from the side my cousin
bigger okay guys you're really something
special and I thought I should tell him
thank you so much but rather than here
for me I thought you should smell it
scratch and sniff the rose Oh
okay it doesn't really have a smell
except smells like ass but oh wait so
this is from unwelcome readings they've
been checking out my videos for a minute
now and they had to do this to me april
fools
well that shows how long I haven't been
to the post office that you thought it
would smell like roses huh I knew it it
smells like ass from the squad thank you
guys so much everybody knows about the
waters this from Haley linguist from
Iowa do not then it says not rip or
bands inside there are two good gifts
and too bad the too bad you can burn and
I won't be mad
the too good well great ones try not to
freak out too much way mom you might
want to see this
okay so oh my god a Devin Booker rookie
card laminating look no I'm not gonna
take this out a Devin Booker rookie card
okay thank you for that hey what is this
oh no marquise marquise and Marcus
Morris hey don't know that I can burn
them okay and that's subway I think
that's subway dip right thank you I love
subway cookies I love someone cooking
they're super underrated thank you so
much Haley it means a lot I want to
thank everybody who even took the time
to get to the post office no matter how
you got there whether you drove walked
to the uber have your parents take you
it doesn't matter no matter what you did
no matter what you said thank you so
much and I can't stress that enough
okay Ryan this one's for me and you guys
the son says to phase rod and go audits
open it open it in the middle
oh my god can open packages to save my
life hmm okay this letters for me this
one's for Brian's we'll put it on the
side there's Degrassi DVDs this is from
Akron Ohio Congrats on winning the NBA
championship two t-shirts Oh
secrets aren't here hold on we'll see
some DVDs oh oh oh so that the grassy is
for Brian
so the de Grasse is for Bryant and I'm
going to press and I got it more than a
game LeBron James documentary you guys
know although all my son's fan I support
LeBron thank you so much Derek King
Brian I think they got a series thing
guarantees from Derek King we'll go
abroad James shirt that's the largest
funding for news hey thank you so much
thanks Jer King I probably won't be
wearing this the next time I hang out
Devin Booker I'm putting this on right
now this package is for me and Bosley's
this tag is exit from me in Basel Bosley
Bosley this one's for you mom this from
Dave and Jackie and Anita God if you
don't know who Dave jacket I need are
Dave is the dude who watch my videos
Jackie and Anita are missed two dogs and
they love Basel there are huge buzzy
fans
Anita's the younger one Jack is the
older one and they sent so much things
in the peel box in the past and recently
and I appreciate it so much they even
sent flowers to the house for um for
Father's Day and Mother's Day thank you
so much for that there they're actually
huge fans of balls I wish I could get
balls on the camera to say what's up but
let's get this open we'll give him the
gift on camera let's see what it is
finally now some people have a balloon
occurred
okay hey guys Ryan boy you need fucking
help dude look open the candy I ripped
open the candy I don't open the kid you
idiot
I rip open the Sour Patch first they're
sour then they're sweet then they get
stabbed in the ass by this big thank you
so much fugly that's for you but don't
get stabbed Bobby it's from Jack it's
from Jackie and Anita and Gabe you like
it here we'll give some to you after you
eat your food well you have to eat your
food first let's say this for my dad who
loves sour patch it also came with a
little letter so thank you so much for
that guys first of all let me just
please I don't know if you guys can ever
forgive me
but please forgive me for please I'm
begging you making this video I haven't
won a haircut eight days that's the
longest I've ever gone without a haircut
in the past year have a kirpan is
scheduled tomorrow morning Ron when I
wake up ten in the morning before I
leave to Vegas
so please just forgive me for that
actually by the time you guys are
watching this I'm gonna be in Vegas this
is prerecorded so hey I'm in Vegas
having fun right now hold Shambo stop
myself I'm in Vegas having fun right now
by the time your dad watches I'm gonna
be having a fresh cup so please forgive
me for making this video with a terrible
haircut this from Dave Jackie and Anita
we're gonna leave this one off for the
end okay we appreciate you guys so much
this
but blah amen okay this from Arizona the
broad humours let's see
oh shit Oh the next was so nice
I'm guessing this was made in school or
something work with the orange and
purple web
I appreciate this this is from let's see
oh there's a note inside to Brandon
bullshit three dollars the two dollars
for earbuds on the one dog for Devin
Booker thank you so much I'm gonna save
these ones up I'll give it to Blekko and
Booker next time we kick it unless they
fucking have enough meat uh from Drew
and Arizona Arizona I'm guessing your
son span go sons thank you so much okay
this one's already open from Silver
Spring okay the name is covered so
hopefully there's a new sign Oh Oh Lord
God is so nice
someone ripped the tog look I'm waiting
Eric Bledsoe Jersey that actually looks
so nice thank you for not making the
nose as babe oh and thanks for getting
the fresh line I thought I don't have
right now and thanks for the wrinkles in
my forehead I'm just joking it actually
looks really nice and detailed big fan
of a youtube video that watching your
vlogs and pranks they have me dying
sincerely Jose Cabrera dude thank you so
much you'll reach a million subs who
think this is actually so detailed it
looks nice I want a little more muscles
on next time please but no thank you so
much and we're narrowed down they're
going down this is from all this from
hailey same okay this is also from
hailey her second gift hailey
thank you so much drama the punisher
oh yeah this one's packaged good show
good for someone who bikes 10 nails okay
all before the comments start dude you
have a knowledge why don't you use a
good eye okay here no you know what oh
shit
I see a basketball a basketball hat
hockey's hockey sack hacky sack ball
sack I don't know what it's called
I tell ya amore
oh my god Jojo wow so many Thank You
hailey so many basketball cards and the
happy set wait what the fuck is that
called a hacky sack
Oh No okay on to the next gear this is
from spaceship alpha is to be they're
sending me to space oh oh I think I'm
opening it the wrong way
oh I've been using it the wrong and I
wonder why they didn't let me do
anything other than push carts when I
worked at grocery store oh all the
Phoenix Suns phone case yes Wow thank
you thank you key scraper is from organ
good thank you so much thank you thank
you big thing is there not a name come
on I want to give you credit
Oh from Brian do you think Brian I think
my brother knows it's no really thank
you so much for the Phoenix Suns photo
gates okay now the last gig who was it
from
Dave Jackie and Anita
god that's actually so cool you guys not
watching it you guys are watching this
and I'm at home but in reality I'm in
Los Vegas oh shit
- burl artists hope you're all doing
well he said he can go to youtube and
watch me and my family's life and find
my blog so interesting hello - Papa Rock
mama rug rug Jackie and Bosley from him
Anita and Jackie happy birthday oh this
was a birthday thing take care thank you
so much let's see oh this is just
building okay hey Bob we got more gifts
Bosley look well this has things I'm
saying thank you in behalf of bosses on
behalf of Oz and thank you so much guys
Wow Pink's holy shit I'm actually gonna
eat all these on the on the flight to
the Mugen worms
mmm the air fresheners the air freshener
thank you so much he's not actually
smells so good
black ice more candy
Dave Jack anemia Anita you guys are the
best thank you so much Bob who loves
your dogs to house it loves them hey Dad
I'm doing this for babies okay guys just
finish this video once again because I
can't stress this enough and I can't say
this enough thank you so much to
everybody who took the time to send a
letter send a gift send a package no
matter what you did we appreciate it and
if you weren't able to send a letter or
anything for whatever reason I still
appreciate you like I said I've said
this a million times and I'll say it
again it's not about what's inside the
gift it's just the fact that people are
actually taking their time out of their
day and just thinking about you enough
to send you something it's crazy and I
love reading the handwritten letters
like I said me and my mom and today
we're in my room after I got finished
editing I say until 2:00 in the morning
reading all those letters putting them
in my drawer and I still have more to
read someone go do that now and I hope
you guys are enjoying yourself just as
much as I'm enjoying myself in Las Vegas
so uh yeah thank you guys for watching
and again thank you so much for all this
much love the wall squad and what just
wonderful you guys haven't seen in such
a long time Thank You Man appreciate it
and hold on I'll pretend to cut myself
Oh tomato wait I got oh and my apology
sincerest apologies for making this
video eight days without a haircut
hope you guys forgive me okay Bosley if
you want one of the treats from Dave
Jackie and Anita you have to give me
five we'll keep things by Jackie I mean
my girlfriend Bosley you want to see
Jackie yeah you want to go by Jackie
come on she's here Jackie's here come on
let's open the door Jackie's here
reporting live from Vegas out here still
out here
I'm literally recording with my laptop
webcam and now let's see
babe babe editing say thank you for
watching okay fine you know
