got this alright guys you know just
landed in Vegas I'm here with my
girlfriend and I was just recording I
was going to you know just upload vlog
tomorrow just like usual but then I
walked into the room and I couldn't help
but upload this video today I'm gonna
give you a tour of this room and all I
have to say is babe all what do you have
to say about this room just scream holy
shit that's all I'm gonna say so let me
tell you so we had previously rented out
a suite we booked a suite for four
nights and we go to check in and they
said that none of the suites were ready
for whatever reason like something
happened in the suite so they bumped
everybody now staying in a regular suite
to the upper-end Suites and we're just
like okay that's tight we walk in look
at this let me just start you off okay
so you got a table right here with a TV
look this way there's another table
table turn this way
hey babe okay come right here this is
legit a penthouse hold on we're not done
I'm gonna save the best for last okay so
you got this it's just walking in let's
go to the left babe this room has - oh
my god this is insane okay so you got
you got two beds here just in case my
girlfriend be acting up so make her
sleep in a separate bed I think she was
talking shit about me and Spanish to the
uber driver already so we might have to
put those two beds to use but yeah so
not bathroom shower of course cable
let's go back to the other end
remember I'm saving the best for last
just remember that I am saving the best
for last
babe come join me for this tour okay so
we got all this first of all look at the
view look at the view guys this is
insane I'm so thankful for whatever
happened to the regular Suites but holy
keep going with the view so we got right
here babe I'm saving the best for last
maybe they don't know about the best I'm
saving that for last and the real Eiffel
Tower a real one
guys don't be fooled
but we're going to do more than just
sitting on that okay guys and then you
got our other room this is the bed in
case my girlfriend is acting up we could
share that baby we could sleep here but
hold on I promise the best for last
right babe please introduce us to the
best what is it
just come here my boyfriend so fast the
guy's a stripper pull babe I'm hyped for
people that are normal it's a shower but
but no babe this is I'm hyped a fucking
stripper pole babe look wait go inside
don't do any movements or anything but
look guys so you see her right now you
don't babe oh I am hype a stripper pole
listen if this room came with everything
if it came with everything except the
stripper poor Paul out of in like this
like you know that emoji like the Saturn
I guess I thought a stripper pole I was
babe
I'm know what do you have to say about
this room I'm just gonna say
babe guys this is crazy so so yeah I
mean I was just going to upload a
regular vlog tomorrow for you guys
but I had to do this right away I walked
into this I had no idea so babe this is
legit like a penthouse it's crazy so I'm
gonna try this a hotel Wi-Fi hopefully
it uploads quick get my laptop out for
you guys and wow babe I just don't know
what to say this is it's a beautiful
room with a beautiful view and yeah
we're gonna enjoy our stay here so thank
you guys for watching this video what
the food just wrote before so yeah let
me know what you guys think of this room
that's crazy we got we got so lucky a
regular suite would have been nice
enough we get bumped up to this Wow
Bosley garage sell cool hey guys so we
were gonna stay for night babe we might
have to change that 40 yeah 40 years I'm
gone to live here forever just to me
nobody else 40 years not enough four
nights
okay guys thanks for watching this video
babe I was just gonna upload a vlog
tomorrow and set out like no I have to
do this why you guys like it we're
definitely gonna film everything that we
do but just for now look at this
everything yeah everything some stuff my
naka stop hey guys look am I in Paris or
Vegas and babe look we can watch the
water show from the room yes yes no I
don't know what time is that our pool I
don't know let's go see then why got
it's all the way in the back just a
little preview for our trip usually if
you guys have been watching this for a
while every time I go on vacation or a
trip or if I have to travel for any
reason I leave my laptop at home and I
don't upload or edit or put up the
videos all the way till I get back home
so I record them and then I edit at home
well this trip for you guys I brought my
laptop with me brought my camera with me
so you guys are going to be getting
everything on the spot so just stay
tuned on this channel you know
gonna have to wait till I get back to
San Diego to get the Vegas footage like
usual you're gonna be getting it
up-to-date so you guys how beautiful is
my face legs Thanks but crazy shit you
know the Gatorade bottle haha okay guys
but do I ask me what I do for it quick
were to happen a bug guys every time
like you're now for earthquake or
anything you're supposed to follow the
drill I just go like this
but anyways yeah guys I'm hyped so I
just want to give you guys a heads up
because people have been watching my
channel would be expecting the vlogs
from Vegas not to be up to like next
week when I got back home but I change
it up usually I tell myself oh you're on
vacation you know don't worry about
editing but now nope I brought my laptop
with me babe when I edit late at night
I'm gonna have a necklace with a sign
that says they do not disturb I'm
editing for Brianna for robot squad well
you're gonna be showering okay guys no
more editing on this trip but no I'm
just joking I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and this room is insanely nice I
had to put this up for you guys right
away I'm playing with the fucking people
over there oh hey babe say bye God why
why should we do fit I don't think we
should leave the room yeah I'm not gonna
go to some relieve anymore I'm saying
here psych I love the NBA Summer League
babe no Matt if you stayed on the
stripper pole and be like babe come here
and did this I would say babe time for
some of the I'm out of here
now go no but really NBA Summer League
I'm gonna be there Saturday and Sunday
coffee meet up with that guy we honestly
would probably just stay here tonight
because it's kind of late I mean six 20
foot catch me at the NBA Summer League
if you have to get ready Saturday or
Sunday by the way I got my VIP ticket I
got it let me tell you why babe how much
of my pain what I leave like what you I
could get three things for makeup for
$700
700 700 dollars let me tell you what he
never spends that much much
they were gonna spend on my Chinese
thanks guys so $700 and let me tell you
watch the guy was actually originally
asking for a thousand dollars
but I talked it down to 700 I played the
victim
I played the victim card I was like I
lied I was like dude I'm just a 19 year
old kid like can you just please spare
me a couple you know a discounted price
let me tell you why it was originally a
thousand and he talked it down to seven
I talked him down to seven hundred
because no matter where you look online
no matter which ticket side you check no
matter which take a company you talk to
VIP for Summer League is sold out it is
completely sold out I found this dude he
was the only guy who's selling it only
person so he's selling the ticket he was
selling for a thousand but you know a
little bit of bargaining I got it down
to seven hundred and honestly I can't
complain about the price because nobody
else is selling it not one single site
baby look like a milk I look like and I
love it I mean my oh yeah so I'm about
to go meet up with this guy dropped
almost $1,000 hey I love the NBA you do
crazy things I remember those who called
me a gold digger he's literally never
spend I spent seven hundred cents yeah
Wow guys I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
babe get out of this room guys so I
found out who bumped us up to this suite
instead of the regular one his name is
Steve Morris like Markieff Morris but
he's a nice Morris Steve Morris thank
you so much this is my special thank you
from me and my girlfriend and my mom who
knows him um he's he's a like a host and
executive host at this casino so thank
you so much for bumping us up we
appreciate it heavily and I look forward
to meeting with you we're gonna meet
with you so uh thank you so much Steve
Morris shoutout okay guys it's time to
go have some fun I'm gonna put my phone
down put my laptop down just needed to
get this up for you guys and we're good
