guys editing my vlog what time is it
11:30 for shit I was trying to go to the
gym bottling a half time today yeah I'm
about to finish editing my vlog so close
close to being done
alright guys so let me play what's going
on huge rush I mean right now
but I finished rendering my video on how
to upload it
yes our way basketball shows under my
sweats and jeans you got a problem with
it deal with it
fuck you I'm gonna okay I love you guys
but I know there's gonna be some new
comments what kind of youtubers says
fuck you to his fans it was a joke but
uh so the homie Riley who used to be a
fan it's fixing my phone screen at the
mall that's what we're going right now
if you guys didn't watch my vlog
yesterday I was gonna buy a new phone
but after looking at some privacy I
decided to just get my screen you can't
see I decided to just get oh there it is
I decided to just get my screen fixed so
yeah what I mean by he used to be a fan
I say that because yeah he's still
watching my video but now he's the homie
I met him a couple of times he works at
the mall a didn't my nap chat now he's
the homie so I'm gonna go get my phone
fixed by him good even my vlog for you
guys Riley to homie yeah I was enough
the reason I want a new phone so bad
first of all my screen has been like
this for seven months I don't know why
the fuck I haven't fixed her I bought a
new phone but um I'm going to Vegas NBA
Summer League I want to take a lot of
pictures also sometimes I like to vote
with my phone and now the cracks are
covering the camera so I need a new
phone right now or at least to fix the
phone screen so picking up jackass or
Jackie whatever your name is and yeah
we'll go from there I can't believe I'm
gonna go to the mall like this I'm such
a scrub oh yeah we'll go from there i'ma
go get my phone screen fix it's been
almost a year
I had to restock on the oil wife's I
went to Vegas though guys on the side
now hold on this placing here before I
go I like to speak on the phone here on
a sign up let me tell you why today is
so busy for me imma be in Vegas Thursday
Friday Saturday and Sunday and I'm not
coming back till like Monday afternoon
or night so if I like if I'm a daily
upload I'm gonna need to have five
videos thought of recorded edited
rendered and uploaded all today honestly
if we're being honest I'm human that is
not possible I cannot do that there's
just not enough time in a day takes a
couple hours to do a video I don't know
there's no way so um I'm gonna huge rush
to try to get as many videos done as I
could and I'm really busy today today
might be the busiest day of my life I
don't know if I can get five done for
guns but you could bet your ass I'm
gonna try my ass off to try to get as
many videos done as I could so that um
when I'm a Vegas I can have those up for
you guys but I just don't know how much
I could do in one day I've Nina started
packing little I don't even know where
my suitcase is so I also have a haircut
appointment tomorrow guys oh my god can
you believe I'm actually going to the
mall leaving the house I haven't gone a
haircut
eight days that's how you know this
phone screen is urgent any days I
haven't gotten a haircut and I'm leaving
the house to go to the mall so yeah I'm
here kind of limit tomorrow literally
like two hours before my flight leaves
I'm threading the needle I'm playing
with time right here but uh so yeah
today probably the busiest day of my
life I'm gonna try to get all the videos
done for you guys but I just don't know
if I could sadly I got one done now one
down four to go probably do a P o box
right now oh man it's so stressful why
do I wait everything for the last minute
why do I do this I could have done my
videos so much earlier guys have a
really really important confession I
wanted to make this for a while
I wear cool I do my socks
Oracle under my sweats the confession
I've been scared to make for a while but
yup there's my confession under my
sweats
I wear them Merkel style guys dare me to
go like this I swear I'll go like this
mom oh my god I swear when I looked at
first glance I thought it was real
guys with Jackie break up with me if I
went to the mall like this
look it's Rama go I'm a baseball player
I'm Albert Pujols and now I'm Nate
Kaeding okay guys I'm actually going to
the mall like this fool baseball player
right now I'm either a baseball player
or NFL kicker send me out 5500 a game
winner lifts up your jeans Brian where's
Urkel socks to know I love doing it
under but not when I'm wearing shorts I
don't want people to see the Urkel socks
yeah but my secret is when I wear jeans
or sweats under them I do Orko socks but
never one people can see them Bosley
where's Jackie you're waiting for a
Jackie mom why are you still have the
sleeve on wait so now can I get a sleeve
hey bad news
vlogging day possibly give me five you
are okay guys I've came to a conclusion
first of all David say hi why you look
beautiful without makeup I told you that
all the time I've told you that since I
first came to catfish 11th
I've told you that since the first day
we ever know anyone good without makeup
guys no guys in setup so today I told
you guys I was gonna try to make five
videos and then I just realized that
there's just no way that that's gonna
make the camera wants to see without
makeup god I'm so happy like I'm ever
able to do this because she tells okay
fine can you kiss
okay guys so instead of trying to do
that trying to back up like five videos
cuz there's just no way you can do that
in one day I'm just gonna take my laptop
with me to Vegas so that way the reason
I didn't want to do that in the first
place is because the Wi-Fi in the hotel
is so terrible it's like at home when
you upload it's like 20 to 30 want to
pass me a bitch of all anyone just
so me and B actually have an issue like
I don't like anybody passing me and I
mean literally anybody even if you're
the one next to me what the fuck are you
doing okay guys so yes I know I swear
look how he's driving guys the hotel the
oh my god it's going so fast the hotel
Wi-Fi literally takes thousands of
minutes upload but anyways I'm just
gonna do that for you guys cuz there's
no way I can get videos done and instead
of something you know
I could have been lazy I could have been
like okay whatever babe he's dry I think
he's going after that that person in the
front oh you take my camera take my
camera up they're going after each other
they don't have any each other look they
are what oh my go granny go do it for
the vlog babe you're dark oh go go
and go faster I can't even like say to
him pull the camera still because your
holy shit how fast are they driving babe
I'm driving so fast
hello ma'am I can't even get them
because you're driving so fast oh ok
guys so on again oh yeah this is coming
since I was going for summer legal I
could have easily been like okay this
won't upload for a couple of days you
know I'll just take enjoy my vacation go
to the NBA Summer League and then come
back and upload but I'm gonna do this
for you guys I'll take my laptop to the
hotel and I'll just edit at night over
there I'm gonna be editing and uploading
on my vacation for you guys so let me
tell you there's much has that happened
to me Oh boys out there I just
ate a whole thing of gushers and I
didn't even know I ate the whole thing
I actually just ate that bit I really
hate it or you ain't it fucking ate my
gosh okay there's no way that won't be I
mean I know yeah there's a way oh my god
but I actually can't be on camera
without me okay well we're at the mall
so can you believe you I can't fucking
wait hey what I mean has all the parking
cuz I get cocky and I'm like I'll just
find one closer and then it's not guys
the ugly the ugliest couple award of
2016 today goes to me and Jackie first
of all no first of all yeah I am
speaking for myself I've gone ahead good
I haven't gone to haircut eight days
that's the longest I've gone without a
haircut in one year it's been a year
since I've been on my shove a panda up
your ass yeah and you know what I mean
by the Panda
know what I call me okay guys and then
Jackie to me she's beautiful but
internet will no way makeup oh my gosh
combine the haircut and no makeup uglies
couple wars
I like no makeup oh okay well it's time
to go get my bullshit if I'm gonna get
my phone fixed that wasn't my phone in
charge no we're off to find Reilly
Oh Riley
okay it's like you know babe oh my god
no I actually can't be okay wait hold on
what is it the Gatorade bottle
yeah we just let a fan say what's up to
my crack they come back
come here God she's starting a ruckus
because she said I played with her arm
fat you do not have arm fat
okay I wasn't playing yeah where you
grab me oh no Pat Riley
I felt the balls be together
thank you do you hear that he said
everything is perfect everything is
perfect
say what so no more crack scream what up
Riley contact defense Riley Brooks on
instagram on YouTube Twitter I'm
actually in shock like you guys can't
see my phone right now cuz I'm recording
with it but I'll show it look show them
the penis is the old screen you can see
how clearly my phone yeah and it's right
now brand-new look at that you see all
that go do all that crack I'll show you
my phone when I get home you hooked it
up with a glass what is attempt glass
yeah it's glass right here dude tempered
glass it's not gonna crack angry for the
man I need that for all these YouTube
shit her pranking me guys imagine how
much to watch Dave look Weibo my actual
dream would be to put all these in the
garage
maybe no I'll let you pay what's this I
pay a million dollars to fuck a million
dollars to put all these in the garage
okay guys I gotta clean this up now peel
bugs video coming on Friday while I'm in
Vegas I got it pre-recorded anyways so I
got a little something to say before I
end this vlog first of all I want to
apologize because considering the huge
rush I mean haven't even started packing
or anything and just like you need to
get these videos done and just like all
its rush and stress before going to
Vegas I want to end this vlog but I want
to say something really quick ok so
first and foremost I want to say shout
out to the homie Riley for fixing my
phone hey it's crazy how things had
happened first he was just a fan you
meet you talk you run into him again a
couple times just like that boom your
homies and he ends up fixing your phone
anyway shout-out to him second thing I
wanted to say is I wanted to apologize
for this vlog being pretty short and
actually probably pretty boring I just
have so much to do before going to Vegas
usually I go for two or three days this
time I'm gonna be there for five days
and four nights Thursday Friday Saturday
Sunday and we're leaving Monday
afternoon so I have so much to do so
much to pack and try my hardest to get
videos done for you guys but I couldn't
get them done so instead of taking some
days off
I've been tweeted I said okay guys I'm
probably gonna miss uploads for two or
three days nope
change my mind I'm bringing my camera
with me I'm bringing my laptop I'm gonna
be up editing late at night just like I
do right here but I'm gonna be doing it
on vacation in the hotel room for you
guys so imma have a sign a necklace
pointer that Jackie's saying babe do not
distract me that's it from San Diego
tomorrow when I wake up Oh first things
first tomorrow when I wake up I'm going
to the barbershop
I can't wait it's been eight days
without a haircut I cannot wait but
after that I'm off to Las Vegas till
Monday night so I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I just have a lot to do much
love but walks a lot one time for you
guys cuz I haven't done it in a long
time I'll get close to the camera oh
shit
tomatoes oh wait hold on let me throw
one more there thank you may
appreciate a I'm out away my hands up to
ask you to do that I don't want you guys
to see I'll do it with my phone I'm out
oh wait we're supposed to end the
fucking scene oh well guys I'm out I got
a pack I gotta do all this I'm gonna
grab me some food and I'll see you guys
next time okay hold on hold on hold on
hold on what I fucking put my phone down
to record that outro I put my phone down
to record that outro I pick it back up
Dwayne Wayne is no longer a member of
the Miami Heat what the hell zone
Dwayne Wade is no longer going going to
be wearing he or Miami across his chest
that's so weird to think about he signed
with the Chicago Bulls just like two
minutes ago what the fuck
Wayne Wayne is going to be playing in
Miami as an opponent that's crazy to
think about holy shit hey Miami
Pat Riley that's what happens when you
disrespect the face and heart and soul
of your franchise with a 10 million
dollar offer in case you guys didn't
know they offered Dwyane Wade ten
million dollars a year and then when
Kevin Durant turned them down they upped
Dwayne Wade's offer to 20 million
dollars a year that's just disrespectful
I mean you want from 10 million here
just start for your agency that's crazy
crossover my car here I'll play defense
guys look at the time literally 1:00 in
the morning still haven't packed
anything suitcase still emptied in the
same position as it was laptop kind of
edit my vlog so I haven't even started
but there's something more important
waiting for me downstairs
look at this guy's Donuts okay honestly
like know if we're being honest you
really can't tell me that's not covered
in cum like I'm now gonna eat those
especially this one fuck that
I'll take oh my god this one has it in
the middle okay so I guess I'll take one
of the ones in the back
you know what after giving hard and long
thought about which one I should take
get it hard and long thought if that is
a hint see which one I'm taking I don't
know what will
oh my god oh my this is a period one not
taking that one anymore
I'll go with that evany cum glazed one
and we'll go upstairs guys I don't even
care about anything else but nine more
hours I have my haircut appointment much
needed here could appoint me nine more
hours guys
typical bruh wat is almost two in the
morning still hasn't so haven't started
packing or editing instead I'm watching
angry grandpa on TV I mean I'm watching
instead I'm watching NBA gametime on TV
and freakin angry grandpa this is
typical bruh wadis waiting to the last
minute to pack staying up super late to
edit and procrastinating by watching
basketball and anger grandpa typical bro
wat is okay guys so me and my brother
just finished getting rid of that stink
morning breath we just got rid of that
stink morning breath imagine I go to my
barbershop without brushing my teeth up
she comes in early from here
my brother said I'm stupid forget it oh
shit my brother sounds stupid for
getting a haircut Brian I'm in dire need
look at this stupid but yeah guys so I'm
about to go to my barbershop go get cut
I just started editing my vlog so I was
gonna try to go to the gym but I
honestly don't think I have time and
yeah we're about to go to the airport I
like 1 1 3 guys what is actually wrong I
wait till the very last second to edit
it makes me get the hugest headache in
the world mom look I can't wait for my
haircut thank you when will I start
packing half an hour is is lucky
I told you last night you were sitting
you and Jackie sitting in the bed I go
instead of just sitting like this we
weren't just something do something
okay well I'm anything now we'll get
this done don't worry mom you know what
my motto is do today do today No
yeah like if it's okay guys Clint say
what's up what's up everybody
Claire how's my suitcase what can I got
it's so packed wait guys look Brian
probably has the biggest boner hold on
so guys yo
model warfare coming in what coming in
well like three hours okay guys
tune in Clint are you gonna miss me guys
this is future director future what else
Clint future Bob Lee actually hates it
okay okay say what you need to say that
it's like 40 seconds left of recording
just got my cut it's time to go back and
finish anything my vlog but you know how
to stop by hey guys I just got my cut
you already know freshen it up on the
sides and back top pretty much looks the
same but anyways okay guys let me just
tell you my dilemma real quick first of
all let me actually first let me tell
you how excited NBA Summer League is by
far my favorite and best time of the
year I don't care um this is like the
best time of my life like I'm gonna go
and it's just gonna if you're wondering
if I'm happy or if I'm excited you don't
have to worry about I'm so happy and so
excited so just know that like I'm
freaking stoked and I can't wait I love
the NBA Summer League I've gone the last
three years or two years and it's just
it's honestly the greatest time of the
year I love it so much guys I'm gonna go
San Diego fly to Vegas I'm gonna be
there in a couple hours
I didn't even started packing anything
to do that right now I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'm stoked for
the NBA Summer League I don't care how
many times I say that I am stoked Stoke
stoked like that I'm serious anything
that has to do with the NBA just makes
me so happy being there a lot like you
could give me two million dollars just
like here two million dollars for
yourself in our darkest thanks you could
put me an NBA Summer League where I'm
sitting next to like NBA players coaches
they're taking it and I'll be like what
it's just but I'm a weird kid I'm 21
years old and I'm always happy a lot of
things make me happy but nothing makes
me happier than anything related with
the NBA I am stoked like this is I love
the NBA Summer League going there live I
don't know
oh and just tell you why there's the
best day of my life right so biggest
reason I got my phone screen fixed of
course you know shout-out Riley because
I wanted to take pictures and I like to
vlog sometimes with my phone and I'm
going to the NBA Summer League so what
better time to take pictures and videos
with the players record me meeting some
of the biggest names in the NBA until
you know I got my phone screen fades my
camera was cracked now you guys know the
famous saying on the iPhones out of
storage fucking ran out of storage
whatever guys I'm done I'm out of here
