got this Wow
yikes so on see I'm about to starting my
vlog and I get a urgent urgent phone
call from eyebrow lady Tammy she can
only take me right now like 11:45 it's
like 11:30 right now I gotta go gotta
get my eyebrow fix before going to Vegas
oh shit my my shorts are ripped hold on
guys I'm gonna really huge rush right
now
why I brought a lady why Tammy why guys
I'll get back to you in a little pretty
much opting in my eyebrows done before
going to Vegas because bushy as fuck
like imagine all the bushes we have
outside by the plans that's all of those
are my eyebrows combined and it doesn't
help that I'm middle-eastern so I'm
already here II by default and I guess
she's not working or whatever the next
two days and I leave to Vegas on
Thursday so hey Tammy
I said hey Tammy this way alright guys
so I just got out my operation iswe
Kenny my eyebrows on is like surgery all
the way those people just heard me you
don't let them shape you don't get them
arced arched whatever the fuck it's
called you just clean them up the first
time I went I didn't know like I didn't
know what what to tell her and she
literally shaped them like a girl and I
was just like mm-hmm but no so yeah guys
so let me explain I'm gonna be in Vegas
Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday and
we're not coming back to Monday
afternoon so I pretty much I'm gonna try
and make five videos beforehand but
honestly if we're being honest there's
probably no way I can finish I don't
think there's any way I can recoup think
of record edit render and upload five
different videos by the time I leave
early Thursday morning there's just no
way so on I'm gonna try my best so I'm
gonna try my best to do as many videos
as I could
I just don't think I could do five
especially now that I'm maintaining two
channels my NBA channel two so um I
don't know guys I'm gonna try my best
but also right now I need to go buy a
new phone because what okay guys
I'm so busy today in tomorrow I barely
even have time to breathe look out I
have to take like a extra think just to
bring you but uh yeah I have to buy new
phones if you guys don't remember in
Brian's skit a while ago like six months
ago I cracked my screen but full screen
hey how did I happen did that happen
when did you drop that when I did
weight-wise and wanted crack before it
wasn't right before but when I dropped
off floor picked it up I mean what the
hell happened your flipper when I
dropped it on the floor when we acted to
like to take a selfie I was too nervous
oh it's back from that wait oh my god
Chloe still that's oh hey I hope you
guys enjoy and then when Jackie pranked
me I cracked my screen even worse
fucking cheater cheater you're fucking
cheater you never find another boyfriend
you fucking fuck
so my screen has been cracked for I'd
say like six months and instead of
buying a new phone or waiting to fix my
crack screen I just waited for my
two-year contract to end so now I have
an upgrade so I'm gonna go upgrade my
phone it's finally time I waited like
six or seven months with a cracked ass
broken screen and I haven't even started
editing my vlog for today so we're Oh
God as I speak there's fans at the door
you see guys there's what I mean when
we're not busy we don't mind but like
especially like today there's just no
way
fuck I'm like I'm not trying to be rude
or anything but when we have a sign up
at the door a huge green sign and after
I made that video which mind you got
over 1 million views and was on the
YouTube trending page for two days about
why fans should respect our privacy and
not come to the door how do you still
show up at the door right now I'm making
circles around no all right guys so let
me just react splain that really quick
cuz I feel like I'm in such a rush and
just so stressed right now that I kind
of explained that really wrong so I
brought Lady Tammy she's out of town for
the next two days I had to get my
eyebrows done today um what else what's
new I'm editing my vlog for today
today's Tuesday and I have it uploaded
yet so I'm editing my blog right now
after that I have to try I'm saying try
because I don't know if I could for sure
I have to try and think of think of
record edit render and upload five
different videos five different videos
from my biggest trip cuz I'm going to
Vegas Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
coming back Monday morning so I'm gonna
try my best I don't know if I could um
fans our outside I just told them
straight up I said you know today's not
really the right day Alex not for me I
don't know about my brother and to come
back after I get back from Vegas so we
got that settled I'm gonna meet up with
them there were three fans when they
come back when I come back from Vegas so
that's going to be cool and also look at
my phone could you see all the cracks it
cracked like over half a year ago so I
was gonna get it fixed a while back but
instead I just waited for my um for my
two-year contract to end so now I'm
gonna go get my new phone I've had this
phone for for over two years actually
I've had it for almost three years
so it's finally time for our new phone
this phone has gone to shit even the
front camera now is just like cracked
and
so yeah I'm just ending off to go
schedule a haircut appointment not for
today but for Thursday after today is a
hectic day and we'll see you guys but
yeah I'm glad my contract ended and I
can get a new phone because just a
couple days ago my front camera is is
started like acting up so it came at the
perfect time finally get this vlog done
really quick by the way if anyone's
asking yes I still do have feelings for
my side chick Tammy so if anyone's
asking in it guys
FedEx pulled up my suspicion is that a
fan rented out a FedEx truck just so
that we open the door drivin my mama
leaking no it's really a FedEx guy Brian
and my mom are making this video Oh
Bosley stop stop that Vasek mom look at
his balls
Brian and my mom are making this video
Bob how scared is Brian hurry tell them
oh my god his shaking it's been like 45
minutes and he's still kind of saying
guys I love this I'm just sitting back
watching fucking fish dying laughing at
every reaction my excuse for why I'm not
playing is cuz I have to edit so I want
to injure my fingers from shark is the
best in my life isolate hey guys just
finished editing this vlog I freaking
love my barber I just got off the phone
with him and I don't like I said today
I'm really really busy and tomorrow so I
don't have time to get cut oh look how
remember me
I'm back not just bro wat it's not just
Brandon but the you know the way
everything till the last second but Walt
is he's back Thursday I have a flight
okay to Vegas guess what my haircut
appointment is Thursday I'm getting cut
the same exact day but I call my barber
Niles like Tony's any way you can come
in early on Thursday so he's coming in
early just to cut my hair so I better
fork up a nice chip that day but uh like
I got my haircut appointment set
everything's alright guys so despite
being so tight on the schedule
okay Buzzle you might want to close your
ears for this one because you don't
believe in this but you always got to
make time for the gym you got to make
time for the gym no matter what you have
planned
I know Bosley hates the gyms fucking fat
ass but before I go to the gym I thought
of a video idea to to do for when I go
to Vegas a lot of people have been
asking for this I don't know why I
haven't been in a long time but I'm
gonna make a stop at the PIO box really
quick me or my brother have not been
there and so long it's gonna be it's
gonna be stockpiled okay i'ma have to
make like three or four different trips
but I'm gonna make stop at the peel box
and go to the gym after that and then
probably get my new phone later tonight
this is already the third round
trying to load everything in my truck
there's I still have to go back in there
like three more times there's no way
this is gonna fit I bet you these are
all for Brian anyways I'm pretty much
doing Brian's dirty work I swear but I'm
on around three and I probably still
have like three more rounds
sounds familiar like me in bed haha
okay the trunks getting cool I'm asked
to move up to the front okay guys so the
trunk has a fishery in on a room I moved
on to the back I swear all the names say
- Phaedra - faze rug Ryan better pay me
for this shit that's two fans here at
the post office
shout out what's your name my name's
Danny and what about your boyfriend shot
him out to me it Brandon thank you
person's gonna kill you okay shout-out
Brandon thank you bye guys yellow Brian
too much so we got like eight of these
keys each one is floorwalker the love
that I get from Jackie he gets from you
guys but okay let me see what's next
twenty guys look each lockers filled
like this and we had eight we had eight
of them I'll know how I'm gonna finish
off so much money why did I think it was
a good idea to come here alone the whole
trunkful back seat full all the way up
my god my dad is literally Tetris
mom are you gonna help her just me and
Dad my mom's helping with the food I
bring like three and out of time my dad
brings like 50 bottle you want to help
come on okay
yeah gods we're separating what we're
separating letters from packages to
gifts wow this is actually insane and
crazy thank you guys so much 90% of the
things came from comes from Brian on my
behalf and the other tempers say a diet
looks like you dad that looks like you
one envelope on you open it already oh
yeah I already open this one wait dad
look at Basel II Basel II know Bosley I
stepped on this is Christmas for Bosley
buzzing where you did fix one letter
Bosley Bosley no make one give me one
the new one guys and the other 10% of
the things comes from behalf of me my
dad and my mom thanks dad Basel you like
the cool air guys again thank you so
much mom this is crazy
hi I'm George honey this is our bill
this is all bills well guys I'm off to
get a new phone look I just want you
guys to see fuck why doesn't it show as
bad on camera as it is in person it's
really bad look guys if this isn't the
scrubby's fucking outfit look at my
camel toe the line just joking it's the
sweats but uh look scrub use fucking
outfit on earth whatever next time you
see me I will have a new phone oh shit
let me try that again
well never mind on getting the new phone
because I guess it is my upgrade is not
it's not time for my upgrade my two-year
contract is not up because someone of my
family took my two-year whatever one was
up I don't know who it was but someone
in my family did it whether it was my
mom
Oh Brian um so I have to wait until
fuckin literally one more year and I
said can I just get the fold out
breaking my contract
he said yeah if you pay six hundred and
forty dollars and then get the phone so
so I would pay almost seven hundred
dollars just to break the contract and
then on top of that however much money
the phone is so another couple hundred
dollars so I'll be paying almost a
thousand dollars for a phone and I'm
just like nah like I'm just sick with my
phone for now I'll just get the screen
fix sometime soon I don't know I wanted
to do this before Vegas because I wanted
to take a lot of pictures at the NBA
Summer League and my camera is like done
like cracked but um oh well I hope
everyone in my family enjoys their six
pluses mom dad and fucking rug well I
still have the six but it's okay at
least I have a phone so we'll go from
there
is he praying oh my gosh pawsley away my
dad watched my vlogs and he hate when I
wake parsley up sorry dad how mad is my
dad get what are you eating
it's biscuit oh so you did watch me she
said this quit Oh nobody woke up hey
buzzy dad it's not my fault guys
my ass is not flat hmm well your
Bosley's Paul father why's your opponent
on the beat
guys look how fake Jackie is she scared
me when I came out of the bathroom and
she was on her snapchat and she said she
accidentally today she said wait babe
can we do that again okay okay fine she
really did scare me though so now she's
fucking faking it for her snapchat okay
come on okay okay oh my god okay good
enough guys look there's a player on the
76ers watch hold on look I don't know
it's pretty funny look he's number 23
hold on come on show him he looks really
funny like I don't know he's really ugly
too hold on Shola 76ers
it's a sky on the Sixers he looks really
weird and ugly where is he where is he
where gee babe don't say that one he's
really ugly good way I want you to see
the weird-looking ugly dude oh he's
right there look I don't know what they
called Noodlehead he's really ugly Oh
what oh my god I know I feel like I've
seen him in person nope yeah we'll see
him in summer league well yeah it does
feel like we've seen right there I don't
know
they call him noodle head I don't know
yeah that looks like you that's how
around your head is guys it's literally
11:00 p.m. and there's five fans outside
there's five
oh I'm trying to finish all my videos
for Vegas table I only finished one out
of five for the little god it's 11:00
p.m. on out what's today it's freaking
Tuesday regular oh my god oh my god oh
my god he's gonna pop buy champagne
bottle babe a moth a snake
do you like my drawing do you like my
drawing do you like my drawing yeah but
why is that it's a snake
I've got blue Viper condom hey hey guys
I want to end this vlog off by just
saying a little something really quick
first off I want to apologize for it
because this was a short vlog compared
to my other videos but this was honestly
such a busy day for me and I tried to
get so much done so I'm actually happy I
even got a vlog up but I'm apologizing
cuz it it is pretty short so there's
that I'm about to go get my phone screen
fix you guys saw I wasn't able to get a
new phone um also I just wanted to say
all those packages and letters in the
post office thank you guys so much like
I haven't even opened any of the
packages or letters yet
but I don't need to open them to say
thank you because it's not about what's
inside the package just the fact that
you guys are going out of your way and
getting like even a handwritten note
from me or my brother I have a whole
drawer right there it says family I'll
keep all the letters in there after I
read them and it just means so much like
you guys no one's forcing you to do it
you guys don't have to do and you guys
are still dunia so thank you so much for
that um despite 99.999% of those guys
being for my brother there were also
some for me so I'm saying thank you to
you guys I'm also saying thank you on
behalf of my brother because I'm sure he
appreciates it appreciates it just as
much and like I said nobody has a knife
to your neck saying go send these to
others gifts or letters you guys are
doing on your own and it just means so
much to me it's not about what's inside
the packages the fact that you guys are
just doing just thank you so much
also on approaching eight hundred
thousand subs eight hundred thousand it
on a bigger picture that's close one
mill we're Road to one mill seriously
and and but on a smaller note eight
hundred thousand is just insane and I
feel like I don't say this enough
because my vlogs are more like I try to
make my vlogs more funny and you know
wrong stuff so I don't really have the
time to be serious but on a more serious
note thank you guys so much and I feel
like I don't say that enough I
appreciate you guys so much and there's
a lot of haters that's fine I know who
my true fans are who my true subscribers
are that it doesn't matter if you've
been with me for one day one hour or one
year ever since I started if you watch
my content and you like it you watch my
content you like it that makes your true
fan that makes you a friend of mine a
true subscriber um I just feel like
since my vlogs are more on the joking
side and more you know not as serious I
don't really have the time to say it or
I don't really make the time to say it
but thank you guys so much you guys mean
the world to me
and I'm honest when I say it my
girlfriend always texts me after I meet
a fan like I'll be meeting them and then
I'll check a text on my phone my
girlfriend says haha why do you look
happier with a fan than you look with me
just like as big as a smile that it puts
on your face it puts an even bigger one
on mine that like me just some normal
kid who like just goes to gym has a
girlfriend goes to school and just live
with his parents under the same roof can
be such a big like role model and
influence on someone's life and I never
take that for granted so thank you guys
so much and I appreciate every single
one you guys who watch my videos
everyone presses subscribe and I just I
really do love you guys without you guys
I I don't want to say but I wouldn't be
anything so thank you guys so much um
yeah so also I'll give you guys a little
hint if you guys like my channel now if
you guys are already obsessed with bruh
wadis just know that if you think like
this is bad
is going to get even worse and by worse
I'm talking good I'm talking your
obsessions gonna get worse because let
me just tell you this using this channel
good now I'm like I'm I have so many
ideas and so much plan for this channel
in the future that you guys will not be
disappointed I guarantee you for those
who already love my channel you're gonna
love even more for those who are iffy
about my channel I'm gonna get you to
love it just know it's gonna include
public pranks funnier skits more special
guest appearances and just overall a
bigger variety and funnier videos and
and just trust me when I say this if
you're already big on my channel you're
gonna get even bigger you're gonna fall
in love with it even more if you're kind
of like iffy about my channel trust me
I'm gonna get you guys to like it I'm
going for those who just watch my videos
but won't subscribe because you're
hesitant I'm gonna work my ass off to
get those people to subscribe okay I
love you guys all I need to go get my
phone screen fix thanks for watching the
longest outro on earth and much love
let's hit 800 K soon okay guys
