I got this
holy crap it's been 40 minutes and I'm
still guys holy fuck
I've legit been like within to like I
could see the fair ever since 40 minutes
ago and I'm still so far good look that
guy literally got down he's gonna start
walking there that's how bad the traffic
is not two miles in the past hour and
I'm still not there holy ah no I came a
laugh right now I swear I finally got
here 8:30 p.m. just arrived but I still
haven't even parked so we got the line
just for parking okay thanks guys
oh my god so the parking I came to I
don't know what the fuck kind of parking
this is like like specialty reserved
parking so now I'm going all the way cuz
I've been driving for two hours mind you
the fare is like ten miles from my house
and when I thought I got there I just
told you guys okay I'm finally here at
the parking that's not the right parking
well I'll let you know I'll let you know
when I fucking get to the parking then
guys so just imagine really quick all
that traffic I was in all the time I'll
say no to miles this and that people
were honking at each other waiting
someone even got out of the car to walk
that was all I was waiting that ended up
the wrong parking just imagine all those
people are waiting at least I waited
that long to get to the place they tried
to go they wanted to go I waited all
that to go to the wrong place and now
I'm waiting in a whole other bill of
traffic oh my gosh well yeah let's see
how long it fine it takes me I don't
know guys
oh my god and now the street lights are
down oh my god this is literally the
most unlucky day ever
9:05 for those idiots like me who can't
read this clog 905 I'm just joking
but just got to the fucking parking I
sought to take a bus to the fair I left
my house before 7:00 guys it's almost
three hours took the wrong turn stuck in
traffic fuck what a trick just to get
from where my house was ten miles to
there also I could touch some booty
also I could touch some fucking booty
I'm just joking guys you want to really
want to know why I do this it's not so I
could touch them okay fine it it's like
a Tesla mess but no I'm just joking
it's not to see Jackie I see Jackie
every day I do this for you guys I mean
this is the truth I meet so many fans so
many of my subscribers here at the fair
that I've lit I literally come like four
or five times a week that's the truth I
always say oh I'm the crazy boyfriend
come to check up on my girlfriend no you
guys wanna know the truth cuz the fair
and small so I'll just tell the truth
I've been coming here driving down here
every almost every single day so I can
meet up with you guys that's why I
always tweet it out I always snapchat it
periscope it then I'm coming down here
all this for you guys or finally the
truth came out let's go see if I could
meet some fans down there but
guys 9:30 p.m. and I'm finally 9:30 p.m.
almost three hours after I left my house
I'm a loner and I don't care I'm a loner
not okay
guys how good is my voice like honestly
if I didn't vlog or do challenges or
pranks don't you think I could have been
one of those uh YouTube singers like the
guy who sings one dance you know the one
that has like the fake piano and he
sings oh man
Jackie's working at the kiddie place
with all the babies every time she works
here for the whole week after the whole
the whole next seven days all I hear
about is how she wants a baby and I'm
just like I hate when she works in this
section of the fair the baby plays guys
I wanted to buy water and the girl said
there's a $10 minimum if you pay with
card so I said okay what makes it $10 of
water she said to churros and I said
sign me up
I love churros I'm debating but you give
one to Jackie or eat them both to myself
mmm
yumbo churros at first I was pissed I
was like you know what just give me
whatever makes it $10 and then she
pulled out - churros and I was like oh
my god babe look I'm debating if I
should keep both or to give you one she
forced me to buy it guys okay just
introduce all you guys gonna do to
someone I'm Taylor Taylor no way no way
I'm Eric Johnny Ryan you're le Liliana
gilsu go son thank you okay who's your
favorite youtuber what is her eyes okay
guys we're here Carlos singing with the
homie bruh wat is all the way from LA
thank you
guys will this security out to get me we
got two huge fans right here say your
guys names mr. Alda okay well my phone
oh there's my phone my camera is cracked
it's so bad okay guys so let me tell you
the dilemma really quick I guess he has
a security guard out to get me because
Oh smells like ass because I cause like
a huge crowd of fans I'll know whatever
the fuck reason he had i paged
I just came to the fair to have fun it's
not my fault people came up okay guys so
I'm just chilling here on the bench by
myself replying to YouTube comments on
my latest video and I get a text from
Jackie saying now there's three security
guards looking for you I'm just like
like this
if they I want them to say something
I'll know what I'm doing I just come to
the fair people asking for a picture I
don't know what's so bad about that but
update there's three security guards on
the hunt for me okay guys so I'm just
singing on this thing about it there's
not one not two but three security
guards out to get me three
I only weigh 145 pounds I don't know why
you need to be security guards but
Jackie told me that her supervisor is
telling me to leave so for the respect
that I have for Jackie and only for that
reason only I'm thinking about leaving
that's it I don't want to leave I'm not
doing anything wrong I don't know if
anything I think this fair has bigger
issues to worry about like people
sneaking in drugs or people bringing in
a gun rather than someone meeting his
fans I don't know and it's not like I
planned a fan meetup I just showed up to
the fair and people come up to me and
ask for pictures
so I'll thing you could ban someone from
the fair I don't know we'll see you guys
the supervisor is demanding me to leave
the fair and I guess I'm not allowed
here anymore because Jackie's my
girlfriend all I'm gonna say is I mean I
think there's some bigger issues to
worry about at the fair than someone who
comes here I'm not setting up a booth
I'm not selling any merchandise I'm not
taking hey dude how you Brandon from
YouTube no you're lying yeah yeah I'm
not lying I'm making a video right now
the security's about to get me so you
might as well take a last picture before
I get arrested why laughing did you do
I'm taking too many pictures that's
right why to you yeah you're telling me
but I'm not leaving so it's all good we
can take a picture of you wonky yeah
javi
thank you but yeah guys so I guess I'm
not I'm banned from the fair because all
I do is make youtube videos and people
know me that's it I don't know what I'm
doing wrong guys one last part of my ram
before I'm done I'm not leaving by the
way I'm staying here I would know it's
just for my vlog I would understand if I
was like trying to sell merchandise that
I don't even have or if I was trying to
sell autographs or if they were like oh
oh don't bother Jackie our job I would
understand but the fact that they're
trying to ban me and tell me to leave
because that so what's up this brothers
laws they're trying to ban me from
eating too many fans that's not my
problem I just make videos it's not my
fault
people know okay guys security comes now
I'm really screwed because we got the
crack I know but here
see right here look at this one two
three four five because they're making
me close earlier than anybody else
they're just like oh well gosh just
making me leave they're like oh well now
you're in trouble for your boyfriend
coming to the fair I'm telling you I
would understand if they said don't talk
to your girlfriend not work I fully
respect that I would say okay I won't
speak to it but you're trying to kick me
out of the fair for what guys anything
I'm helping Jackie close and I put it on
wrong turn the one thing that you turn
the light off if anything I'm helping
out here okay well I guess final word
banned from the fair there's only one
more day left
so I'm banned for that last day so you
know what that means
I'll be here imma be here for that last
date it's my girl mine and my
girlfriend's first fourth of July
together by to watch the fireworks they
want to make a work 4th of July I'm
gonna be here so babe we're watching
fireworks together can't wait and yes if
you guys are asking I am the pedis
person on earth petty petty petty petty
I'm king petty guys we get over here
home alone just got some burritos for me
and Jackie and I'm not sure where
everyone is but we got the house to
ourselves so I'm gonna enjoy the rest of
my night and
Oh oh my god what the fuck happened
indeed
we got the paramedics attending to him
while editing his video yeah there might
be glass and he'll a oh my god find out
actually the funniest thing in my whole
life guys we're booking a flight to
Vegas part two we're staying four nights
this time Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday guys we're gonna yeah we're gonna
leave July 7 and then come back on
Monday morning so it's gonna be so much
I'm looking a fly right now and then and
then I'm gonna go but this is all I have
to say all I have to say about the fair
like when I go I understand it if I was
doing like if I was saying oh come me
angry here and I was like setting up my
own booth or whatever I understand I'll
get in trouble or if I'm going into
Jackie's booth and bothering her I
understand but they don't mind really
but they don't mind when I go into
Jackie's booth they don't mind that they
even told me yeah you could say by your
girlfriend the thing that bothers me is
I'm just going to the fair and walking
around and people come up and ask for
pictures and then they get mad at me and
they get mad at Jackie so what like I'm
not selling merchandise I'm not hosting
like a me angry I'm not like they're not
getting mad oh you're distracting a
girlfriend that work there legit saying
you can't go because too many people are
coming up to you like that's what I
don't understand but me and I go if are
gonna watch our first fireworks together
at the fair because they schedule
scheduled her this late at night guys
look at the struggle of putting balls
Leanne's ear medication but yeah you're
being an asshole you're being an ass no
your ass your ass
hey I go yes my god wait hold on they
have a filter have to
you literally have a roundish wait wait
wait does with it I don't know why
you're laughing your head is actually so
around like a batch align tomato and you
have three chains you guys we've been
both seeing each other for like
literally 30 minutes straight like yeah
she thinks I'm joking ah round head the
robot is filled we're celebrating our
first fireworks together today if I'm
not banned from the fair yeah then how
are you gonna get there I'm just gonna
walk in what's this oh it's not funny
look why do you let go be shiny together
are you dude
no I didn't ah that's actually you cuz
you're an orangutan yeah well you're
ugly it doesn't matter
at least I'm ugly human you're ugly or
Ranga tang okay nope Bosley no no no
stop go back on the cap Bosley go back
on the couch we already had to block off
the stairs with his bed okay Bosley it's
okay it's okay for it for how many drop
four four pill flip supply valve it
wasn't open damn it that it's so hard to
okay Bosley gonna go back on the couch
there's one more medication yeah look he
thinks we can't get him when he goes up
top mom did I put enough oh is the other
one like the real medicine huh
okay how many drops of this sick Bosley
Bosley no nope mom no good Bosley not
Bosley let's go
Bosley okay let's go back upstairs let's
go on the couch you'll get a treat
mom no we can't catch him downstairs
guys Jessica's he's fat doesn't mean
he's not fast he tricks you remember
Shaq so remember okay Bosley go by my
mom go by my mom no mom yeah yeah Bosley
don't turn around okay we're gonna you
want to treat now that you put the
medicine in here go get a treat go oh ma
OMG Bosley bubble you want to treat yeah
I'm gonna get my to go get a treat go um
are you sure that was medicine or drugs
cocaine okay ugly fuzzy let's get a
treat let's go Street you want a treat
Oh Bosley oh my god there's a most Hey
ghetto booty I mean the phone in the cup
you guys know the song to top it goes
our secret I know the beats pill so much
homemade jenia what is he gonna drink
January Anthony in what Elsa how are you
REO baseball okay gonna drink there's
something else Anthony year the Padres
engineer has crabs apple cider vinegar
jinwu you have crabs
yeah I have a special comb for go cup
not stilts oh let me play - oh you lost
two times in a row now it's an M&E you
come here just for I have aa new
comments that this is annoying now
Bosley garage garage that's right
everyone comments you say now who this
you're knowing now in oh yeah Ryan I
want garage let me spell oh ok wait
where you what are you putting that on
just phone yeah oh but I'll send it with
me
ok don't get too drunk Oh got to get two
sips fucking bastards
Oh shine they're just gonna bring your
throat oh you did this a lot yeah a lot
you did this last time I'll push it
though Civil War you did the foster Oh
could have the worm bug boy water then
have some water
well last time essential charge it ran
out of battery an enormous guys this
dumbass junior borrowed my hoverboard he
says for one week how long ago like two
months ago
yeah and he's still fucking has II can't
take it back
junior up guys honestly if I saw know
how to ride it
well it might
I'm Georgia in like a month on house
journey our teacher this is the old
Rwandan vlogs with our mortuary match no
shut up J smash brothers brawl when
Janelle 0 guys were about to play butts
up I don't know if you guys know what
that is but it's actually the most
heart-attack game in the world it's so
scary much clout to go down up to my
heart okay start with jr. I'll jump in
okay guys Anthony's the first one out
jr. throwing did you hit no more a job
typed it right now what did you say
Joseph Facebook nor a guy it's his last
video so just go just go to his videos
and no videos brother shot this is a
Middle Eastern trying to use our iPhone
in 2016 okay we're done in a been named
upon put on the TV guys fireworks about
a star I just drove up here really quick
I'm about to watch them I'm like in some
elementary school parking lot I guess
you could see them from here something
that's what my aunt said I'm not even
gonna check my snapchat story for the
next 24 hours I swear to you every
single person's snapchat story is gonna
be fireworks and I'ma get tired of that
shit after I watch like 50 of them so
I'm staying off snapchat story for I
swear 24 hours til they all die down and
then I'm a hot back on that garage
garage we guys in the beginning it
starts slow like turn turn turn at the
end go doo-doo-doo-doo it's like it's
pretty much like sex like the beginning
you start like dead and then I hang a
book and then yeah it's pretty much like
that guys look I still haven't touched
flexo or Booker's face I'm too scared to
eat their face like it's like a voodoo
something's really going to happen to
them in real life
well anyway seeing us what happened at
the fair yesterday and out of respect
for Jackie and the marketing because
she's doing a paid internship at the
fair it's not just a job and this
internship is gonna help her heavily for
the future for what she's trying to do
after college after school so in respect
to that I did not show up to the fair
today I still have no idea why I was
banned but out of respect not to the
fair supervisor her bosses fuck you guys
and all the security guards but out of
respect for Jackie and her internship
I'm not going to show up at the fair
just in case they try to turn it on her
somehow
so I'm home alone eating cake on the 4th
of July
me and Jackie couldn't spend our first
fourth of July together cuz I'm banned
from that place for meeting too many
fans I guess but um oh well we got next
year
yeah they scheduled her from 3:00 to
12:30 today 3 p.m. to later than
midnight so I guess I'll just see her
when she gets off work Bosley
did you see the fireworks they went like
boom yeah did you watch fireworks
yeah no garage today I'll let you
celebrate your independence of being a
free pug but you got to lose some weight
you
