got this guy's I'm actually in Scent oh
my god a snake oh it's right there look
hold on
Khan is that rattlesnake anaconda it's
just a lizard same thing though snake
lizard same sheet ah God analytic that
lizards got a fucking belly for being a
baby and being small that shit's got a
belly
you'd be sipping Corona ha bitch oh oh
shit oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god
just leave leave my house bitch okay
guys you're actually gonna call me
stupid so I told you I can't be at the
fair at 6:30 ask me what time it is
really quick just ask yeah you're right
it's 655 buzick get inside go know that
lizards gonna eat you go inside okay
Bosley stop bothering me second I come
home yeah I'm already thirty minutes
late in hey dad dad if you're wondering
why I'm back home and then I went to
Jamba Juice and I said oh hey can I get
whatever this is called with a scoop of
protein they said yeah they put it I
don't taste the protein now usually I
wouldn't care because I fucking hate the
taste of protein I hate protein so much
as you could tell so skinny with no
muscle but sorry I fucking asked for
protein just because I went to the gym
earlier today and I actually worked out
super hard I worked out really good so
usually I wouldn't care for no protein
but today I went to the gym worked out
hard Oh
oh my god worked out really hard so I
need my protein and I don't taste the
protein so here's what I'm doing came
all the way back home really quick just
so I can we put the Jamba Juice in the
blender and I'm my own protein but I
don't taste it usually I don't kicks I
hate protein
today I worked out hard woof whoa I
don't put chocolate with fucking
Caribbean passion bug Jamba Juice that I
ruined it look it looks so dark now
because I'm the fucking chocolate
protein maybe they print protein they
gave mine allah and i worked out for two
hours earlier today waiter don't put a
lot please God don't let it taste like
protein yeah you like it that's good
yeah what do you think when you know the
protein is gonna to difference later hey
I don't need your attitude today hey
guys so if you can't tell I hate bubbly
go finish your food so I'll be annoying
I hate the taste of protein Bosley has
to be the most annoying mutt on earth
so yeah the one time I actually asked
for protein and want it of course they
don't put enough
so now time to go to the fair sorry BAE
took my time guys now don't get me wrong
I know the dangers of this but I still
keep doing it I know and understand the
dangers of a lot of things that I do yet
I still do them just like people who
smoke cigarettes they understand that
they're fucking there you I don't even
have to explain and they still smoke
cigarettes I understand it's not okay
this water has been in my car for I take
two or three weeks I understand it it's
not okay to drink it but I also
understand that I'm a dumbass Brenda
Wallace is a dumbass
alright so hot guys don't I look bald
look because my hair is camouflage look
over here and on the ball and then right
here I'm Howie Mandel Deal or No Deal
I just need the vagina strip right here
it could be Howie Mandel
here's another thing I know the dangers
of yet I still keep doing it I told
Jackie I'd be at the fair at 6:30 it's
seven o'clock I went back home just to
put literally half a scoop approaching
my smoothie and I know like you don't
mess with a Latinas time schedule but I
still do it like you don't mess with any
girls time schedule god forbid you mess
with Latino time schedule oh my god also
know that it's not the right thing to
jack off I still jack off so like
there's a lot of things I know I
shouldn't do and I still do them but
that's for everybody on this earth so
it's not oh no it's not bad if I drink
this water oh shit it's bad if I fucking
Drive without hands though fuck I hate
the taste of protein guys did you also
know that it's a proven fact like it's
proven it's been proven a long time ago
it's proven fact that I learned this in
school that if your girlfriend has been
to any season opening basketball games
then you best believe that she's she's
uh you know some dudes on the basketball
team so and that's a proven fact like
you know what else like I always like uh
I try to pay attention in school and
like I try to pay attention I'm ending
my videos but like but who the fuck of
focus with this twerking going on like I
can't focus on
God okay though those are references
from Drake lyrics before everyone oh my
god Jackie such a slut she twerks on you
yeah she does she does okay actually
she's not gonna be twerking on me
anymore because look at this before I go
to the fair I got to stop by at KFC to
get me some food
oh shit there's a line of course there's
never been a line in KFC history now
there's a fucking fuck KFC yeah yeah
i'ma stop by guys Jack he's actually
gonna kill me
but um yeah guys and another thing I
should add to list of um - list of
things that I shouldn't be doing but I
still do Jackie's balls don't like it
when I touch her but while she's working
you think i'ma just go stare at her at
work like $20 you think I'm gonna just
go stare at Jackie
imma go guys all on the side no I
actually find it funny that managers
supervisor at Jackie's job don't care
that on they don't care that I go visit
your hard work they don't care I go talk
to her
but they've legit got mad because I
touch her but let's see what a what a
while today uh can I do
yeah that's it thank you ah Thank You
Man I appreciate it
I say that said it too late Oh another
another proven fact here's another
proven fact like if a girl that you've
seen naked treat you like a stranger you
gotta call her out like don't treat me
like a stranger like you know I seen you
naked like oh no you can't be doing that
right and guys I don't know if you know
this is actually a crazy fact about me
like I haven't really told anybody
nobody really knows but like the girls I
used to babysit me when I was younger I
got it in but but that was years later
like on some really crazy shit like I
wasn't when I was a kid I was years
later awesome crazy shit damn
God Jackley eyes are gonna come you I
pulled over so I could eat at some gas
station Oh God people always complain
when I eat like on my YouTube comments
they do you chew like a camel will go a
lot okay how am I supposed to eat like
this
know that I laid some ice on this is how
eat that heart hot sorry next time I'll
be more elegant like this all that legit
guys holy shit my nose is so big look uh
huh look not funny
wait guys I was just thinking about it
like like I was just thinking um before
I start driving to the fair like it's
just got me thinking Jamba Juice used
whatever type of protein they use
probably like cashier or something I'll
know I went home and I use a different
brand of protein like can I die if I use
two different kinds of protein and one
uh in one drink first world problems
I'll know man I'm scared to go to sleep
tonight okay I have to go to the fucking
fair enough gibberish enough JibJab
I'm sad that Jamba Juice didn't have my
favorite type of protein and it uh it
starts with a P Jamba Juice ed they
don't serve it there but I don't get
Jackie serves it to me all the time I
mean I don't want like I start to the P
I don't know it's my favorite type of
protein I don't know why they don't
serve it at Jamba Juice though
all right excuse my camel chewing for a
second but oh shit almost crashed but oh
my god fuck can't see my heart ok
another thought just hit me before I get
on the freeway I'm already driving to
the fair and I was better gotta get on
the freeway my windows are open he's
getting late it's getting kind of chilly
so I need to pull over somewhere to put
a jacket on and then continue my Trek to
the fair I'm already an hour late so
probably no twerking on me tonight but
uh we'll see I work some magic sometimes
even when I'm in trouble so oh wait let
me pull over somewhere we'll see I gotta
put my jacket on and then we hit the
road yeah people are gonna say oh dude
just roll up your windows then it won't
be cold no I like driving with my
windows down so I'm gonna put a jacket
on oh wait I can actually just do it at
the stop light oh maybe not have don't
have to pull over now it's still red oh
it turned green never mind
whatever
well oh maybe I should learn a lesson
from those slow ass
dumbass cars I got 99 problems but oh
sorry guys I didn't see you the UM yeah
now I'm ready cozy and ready yeah Jackie
is actually funny if she thinks she's
getting this jacket back it's her fault
she left it at my house and it actually
looks nice she actually caught people
always comment Oh where'd you get that
jacket guys what'd it look like I got
Botox on my fucking lips but everyone
says oh where did she get it from she
actually customized on this one website
online baby girl got style Souter for
that I'm keeping this shit oh man is too
hot roll down my windows okay guys well
now I'm on my way to the fair go I can't
believe Jackie said I look like a lizard
when I laugh like this lizards don't
even have sharp nose I look like a
anteater
white guy so how does this 21 life work
or actually in different countries you
don't even have to be 21 to drink
alcohol but like now that I'm 21 so you
know how I add protein to my obviously
like smoothie protein shake so am I
supposed now since I'm 21 am I supposed
to add like vodka or like rum tequila
what am I like I don't know how this
life of a 21 year old works I'm confused
I think I'm doing it wrong next time
I'll get the odds Jamba Juice if they
can add like rum or if they add
moonshine I know it's not what you're
supposed to do when you're 21 or do you
still like have to drink protein shakes
don't know guys fuck the traffic is so
bad crazy it says on Google Maps were
two miles away from the fair right two
miles from the fair so will you think
like what two three minutes away 2 miles
29 minutes 29 minutes away the traffic
is backed up like crazy
toom out of the hell is 2 miles
translate to 29 minutes that's how
backed up we are
what the fuck is everyone trying to go
to the fair for anyway despite them fun
bullshit call oh shit
two cops oh my god oh my god you really
saw me record you literally saw a record
he was staring me down
okay back to what I was saying what if I
never want to go to the fair it's having
fun I just got to touch my girlfriend's
but I don't even go oh my God look at
all that all the way in front fuck
we're literally at one mile away from
the fear and it's like 20 something
minutes guys oh my god guys Bosley's
right next to me watch hold on wait oh
no he put his head down look guys wait
the owners gonna see me record but oh
well
Bosley another one on this up garage
garage oh oh haha
if they're not walking them to the
garage I don't know they're living life
wrong look there's the first ballsy I
was talking about look garage oh shit
don't almost saw me holy crap ever since
okay this guy I'm talking to my phone my
windows open everyone staring at me ever
since I said we were like 30 minutes
away with two miles left it's been 40
minutes and I'm still guys holy fuck
I've legit been like within two like I
could see the fair ever since 40 minutes
ago and I'm still so far we have like
one mile left and still like 20 minutes
because of the fucking traffic I've led
Jay the last 40 minutes I've driven one
mile one mile in 40 minutes that's how
much I moved fuck no I can't I need a
potato wedge right now ah no I'm calm
again
guys look that guy literally got down
he's gonna start walking there that's
how bad the traffic is he's gonna walk
there
cuz when I left my house it was fucking
burning halls in a t-shirt with
summertime now literally the fairs like
ten miles from my house I get to the
fair it's dark it's fucking wintertime
like what the fuck is this I'm still not
there it's legit been one hour ever
since it's at two miles away
I've driven two miles in the past hour
and I'm still not there holy ah no I
came a laugh right now I swear fuck two
miles in an hour and I'm not even there
gun Trula finally here I'm waiting to
park now it's literally 8:30 an hour and
20 minutes ever since it said two miles
away
I finally got here 8:30 p.m. just
arrived but I still haven't even parked
so we got the line just for parking
fuck I left my house oh my god guys Wow
okay thanks guys oh my god so the
parking no no I just want to scream
right now ah no the parking I came to is
not parking for I don't know what the
fuck kind of parking this is like like
specialty reserved parking so now I'm
going all the way to the fucking free
parking no look this is so that's where
I tried to park and I guess that's like
special like reserved I don't know what
the fuck it is but they wouldn't let me
park there so oh my god
cuz I've been driving for two hours mind
you the fare is like ten miles from my
house and when I thought I got there I
just told you guys okay I'm finally here
at the parking that's not the right
parking fuck
I honestly deserve this because last
time I came there was really really bad
traffic so I was like oh I'll just try
to go a different way
and look what happens ten times worse
worse than the other time okay guys I'm
not gonna vlog anymore I'm gonna vlog
when I finally get there just know that
right now it's like 8:40 okay I left my
house before seven o'clock I had finally
thought I got to the parking I guess was
the wrong parking 8:40 okay and guys
will go slow we're moving my god well
I'll let you know I'll let you know when
I fucking get to the parking then okay
guys so I'm editing this video and I it
is it's way too long it would be way too
long so I'm breaking it up um tomorrow's
video you could tune in if you want to
see what time did I finally get to the
fucking fair how long did this traffic
last and also here's a little hint you
follow me on Twitter you would know hint
hint tomorrow's video security looking
for me at the fair kicked out of the
imma just leave it for tomorrow okay so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
tune in tomorrow for a continuation it
was just way too long of a vlog and I
when I say long you know I mean long
because you already know my videos are
pretty long so I hope you guys enjoyed
this happy 4th of July to you guys
whatever you do be safe on if you're
going to be drinking stay safe don't do
not drink and drive uh whether you're
sober drinking whatever just be safe
it's a dangerous day out there and I
hope you guys enjoy your time whether
you're with family friends whatever you
do enjoy and happy 4th of July I love
you guys all oh and um on a side note
fuck Kevin Durant
