we're going to be late for basketball
but it has time to wear myself in the
house but hey I think the shoe signifies
how you play like the flames you were
hot today even though we love birthday
gifts he still uses them every day you
actually like them or you only use them
cuz you know I'm here
money money money
let's go Devin Booker D Wade hey I'm
leaving that in the video morning hey I
think all we hate to shoot but like
sushi shave me at the gym every day then
have you seen my Shack all the fun
banter they all jump up again
not that we're about to do right now it
was good oh yeah runs were pretty good
today we won like four in a row
No hey I'll see you later we have a game
later if you want to come to the game
just let me know
text me Bo you never text me but text me
do you want to come to the game bro he's
so nice I don't know he's nice Bo I
swear that's our boy so my question to
fall right now it's Devin Booker also
this year yes or no most certainly most
certainly will certainly mean he's
having the best year a short career
thank you what do I come to the shop do
one girl I come to the shop and I say
that would be doesn't deserve to be on
this Warriors team is the best offenses
in any history no matter where you look
at our weather never was an offense
defense coach
yo guys so I'm driving home right now
and I just found now that Devin Booker
did not make the all-star team yeah let
me just say the NBA it's a popularity
contest you picked the wrong players
Devin Booker is averaging 25 points
almost five rebounds in almost five or
six 25 five and five he's 21 years old
but sure draymond Green to make it this
is ridiculous
Damian Lillard made it Congrats to him
what Devin Booker is doing this season
the fact that he didn't get selected as
all-star is ridiculous you think I'm
losing today you think you think after
depth look just know I'm so happy that
Devin Booker got snuff from all four
games before my game starts because now
there's no way I'm gonna let my team
lose this game 150 percent out of
respect for a Devin Booker I'm not
losing this game oh and just to top it
off we're actually playing the best
teeth and the whole entire league the
number one team they won the
championship last season they beat us by
25 last season but I don't care Devin
Booker does nothing awesome on all those
games there's no way the game doesn't
start for a while I wish I wish it
started right now because I'm so ready
to play right now I'm so Nana NBA you
your next shuttle you had because I
don't use them to a host and I'm not you
I'm not crazy pretend the stake is the
NBA who didn't pick Devin Booker here
let me show you what I would do okay so
these are the NBA coaches everything huh
is it yeah that that was like the person
who said no
no better go take that oh well let me
just say I'm not that man that never be
digging again just to let you guys know
yep and you'll forever be here's Brandon
in next time and Kevin book it on the
ballot again oh and this isn't even only
about Devin Booker this is about Paul
George too and I'm not even a Thunder
fan why does the NBA only have 12
players on each team honestly there's so
many more players who are deserving of
being all starts they should make it 15
and 15 at stake no mistake on the roof
god I have a really bad not in my shan
cap wherever it is and I don't have a
roller to roll it out so I have to use a
can of soup I don't even know how this
happened I don't know why not push hard
it's a really bad nah I hope you go the
way before the game starts so how'd you
play with it at the gym today like did
you flying how did I play I was gonna
die before no but I can link shout out
the cream of chicken this is gonna help
me okay guys so now that I'm over a
Devin Booker not making the also I get
wait that was probably the biggest lie
I've ever told in the YouTube video
because I'm not over there cooking not
making awesome it's still pissing me off
oh let me read one thing really quick
there are seven players in the whole NBA
only seven that averaged 25 points a
game 4.7 essays and 4.4 rebounds six of
them are on the all-star team one of
them is not hmm I wonder who that one
person is Devin Booker and man I can't
wait I'm not gonna lie the team were
playing today it's really really good
last season they knocked us out of the
playoffs they beat us by I think 20 or
25 points not to mention they ended up
winning the championship so this team is
really good it's not gonna be
to beat them but hey I have confidence
in myself I have confidence in my
teammates in honor of Devin Booker but
I'm ready and I hope my teammates
already because I trust them I trust you
guys teammates I don't care for playing
the number one team the best team the
defending champions I got confidence
that we're gonna win this game
so you're not talking because talking
doesn't do too much you got to shoot put
the ball in the hoop and win this game
we got our butts whooped by the team
last season so now it's time for revenge
oh it was what was about yo um maybe if
you'd clean your car I could fix it in
the back no I don't think there's
anything illegal right mm-hmm no yeah
we're gonna go nowhere happy yeah I only
love my bed my mom
okay this team beat us by almost thirty
last time it's not for revenge
good pass
hit them
way to start the game there we go Romo
and he's like still hurt and you barely
walk to you not a nice playing in the
game I'm never gonna learn his lesson
Sara
there we go hey Brent alerting
you
good ball wrap we go Brandon ball go I
there we go
Oh
keep grabbing this cab so I'm a
basketball three hours during the day
seven hours at night and sometimes not
even go just as I can't keep up with him
Brandon be careful not to hurt him or
bro
the Devron look you didn't come last
week they lost you came this week they
won watching
and you okay so a lot of people are
gonna ask Oh how'd you win that game and
you might think it's because of Romel
you know the coach is back because I
wasn't here yeah it's exactly that and
we want exactly
so dad don't oh sorry not dad coach what
are your thoughts on Devin Booker not
being selected to the all-star game I
was pretty mad
he's in the reserve price no not even
that's what I'm saying
no way yeah well I'm oh just got hit
with the ball next year because that's
what I'm saying the all-star game was in
LA and LA literally was two hours not
even two hours away so I would I went to
the game I would have saw him by
whoopsie superstar mr. thirty boys stop
calling stop calling me man man man stop
calling I'm gonna answer your how to do
my outro stop stop we're gonna hold on
to know what to do okay she stopped she
sorry I mean and now you're okay anyways
guys we freaking won the game Hey look
out different the energy is after we
lose it after we win after we lose them
like this yeah guys you know I'm gonna
say we lost you know the bah bah bah but
now we want we played great and we beat
the number one team the best team in the
division a was the best yeah what is the
best team and in my head it's like yo if
we're beating the number one team then
why can't we be the best team why can't
we be number one why can't we win the
championship shout-out to my teammates
number one because to me I don't even
think I played that good but it doesn't
matter cuz we want
this game was in honor of Devin Booker
the second I found out Devin Booker did
not make the all-star game I said to all
my teammates we're winning this game
we're not losing this game Devin Booker
would be proud of us right now so
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching today's video I hope you guys
enjoyed subscribe to the channel if you
guys are new I love you guys so so much
and thank you so much for watching this
video
well do one like that so baby okay wait
if someone's watching this video and
like their parents walk by they're gonna
think something not good is going on hi
mom and dad
