got this sit Bosley's it up the fuck boy
dog whisperer that's all Bannos just
crumbs I feel that that's Bosley garage
your food yeah like ten times
no I don't you Anthony loves the dog
because it's the first person to hump in
ah
like you said don't call me gay ba ba ba
z we're going in the garage
no we're gonna go walk coming no we're
gonna in the garage in the garage don't
buy me we're going in the garage
hey you're going into the wrong way
what's his name Bosley there's queer Oh
Fozzie
ah same thing everyone's name is balls
resistance I'm team Bosley playable for
me Bosley don't stop I'm gonna put you
in the garage Bosley no see Jasper fits
it so many things I use his mother covet
know sometimes if I feel it Anthony
presumably Stephanie I walked in this
money should realize I won't give her a
baby so this is the closest she'll get
hey my father nicely yes I'm just really
hey hey hey no the large garage right
now is team Bosley hashtag I'm team
Bosley tell me why this dog I just met
five minutes ago loves me more than my
dog who I've had for almost three years
I'll hitch it for you Anthony are you
gonna raise him to be a fuck-boy
I know I saw him on yeah the only thing
and he has a small balloon
yeah he has a small booth already viagra
wait wait wait
pause dad from everything okay Anthony's
Arkansas Chris oh yeah it's because they
always wrinkle they fuck i wrinkle on
humpr it's because plot of incredible
second Anthony said what did you think
he read I read more about Alaskan or
Siberian Huskies that I've ever read in
my life he's already read more about
Bosley no he read more about Huskies and
he's ever read books combining his whole
lives
anybody's Kwai Bo
look who's talking wait did you name him
after amigos wait Matthew's dog you're
freaking hot father Anthony said the
only reason you got the dog so that
girls can come over and see him oh so I
can bring him to girl two hours an hour
and thirty minutes there put it yeah
pretty much flowers any drove two hours
away to get a dog so he can text girls
would be like oh look at my dog babe
stop chanting not in front of me
I think look guys I'm actually like mad
at Jackie who and hey you're not mad I
said okay Miranda was like wait do you
like him more than Bosley yeah II had to
think about what she was gonna say it's
just it was like huh do you who do you
like more Bosley or him dad come here oh
my god your daddy he's known Bosley for
like a year
and you like more him or who do you who
do you like more him or Bosley I can't
choose right now okay we'll see how
you're getting home I'm seeing Bosley
that's fake she's known Bosley for over
a year
she's known quavo for one for two
minutes babe you're fake I'm team Bosley
look yeah so close for you but I will
admit quavo smarter than Bosley blah
spiderweb ha wait how old is quavo
it's not quite over me good wave or wave
oh it's Clerval
hey I'm taking these are Bosley's choice
first I'm taking them back
Bosley Oh Bosley my school tomorrow you
don't feel well did they get the baking
soda Mario's hey Dad
no nothing I think you did your thing
it's not like it's right there hippie
my dad has this doubt of a dog if he
peed on the carpet your death doesn't
stay inside Holly we weapon in this set
okay team Bosley we don't focal quiz oh
okay give me a case flash it up for you
my mom came through the Rubio's and
Bosley is not for you okay priest for
him there Bosley not nothing for unite
that none none what did you sense that
pretty when I said none for you bother
my own so please for you
we got much sauce on my mom put and you
have to get it from the salsa bar so
some beers
I give him a dollar there okay Bosley if
you keep standing and annoying my mom
you know where you're gonna end up
garage yeah that's where Bosley I have a
serious question hey Hank garage
hey Bosley why do you hate me Bosley
Bosley look at me when I talk to you or
else I'm gonna put you in the garage why
do you hate me Bosley okay you'll see
you'll see Bosley hey you want to go in
the car Bosley do you want to treat
Bosley Bosley guys I swear buzz is
living the life Bosley hey Bosley you
wanna go for a walk guys look I ran out
of oil Pat I ran out of oil wipes so
I've been using the same mom for like
two days it still has some space on it
are we just gonna ask to Ally's shout
out
oh we never live that he got asked this
long
shout out okay shout out shout out to
the pro wife
guys here's what Brian did to me last
week
I'm literally traumatized now every
single time I hear the sound of a begun
sound mm-hmm
Brian just tweeted me who the hell does
he think he is my foot got the nerve to
tag me on Twitter cuz I gotta load it
because my dad was asleep and Brennan
literally just right off right right
uh-huh
yeah I've never seen someone that old
oh shoot my ski right stop right now my
head okay right oh you have a flashlight
you don't leave it have two forks I
actually do it
so yeah so here was last night I'm
literally traumatized ever since what
happened last week I can't even so this
was last night I get like fears and
chills every time I see that gun hey hey
don't load it put it back okay hey get
out I walked in and I saw him loading it
okay no you want my gun
okay hang on this is a shootin mob
fuckin secret top secret buzzer are you
bothering my mom when she's doing the
mail Bosley come on let's go in the
garage one time come on let's go your
dad's gonna wake up for you hi Jackson
okay buzz Lee you Bosley no let's go
back on the couch go on the couch by my
mom go go by my mom go Oh Oh Bosley
I'm just joking Bosley Brian don't shoot
me Brian if you shoot me Brian
I'm actually gonna hit you with the
stick Ron where's the gun it's right
that way don't load it just leave the
thing out okay put the gun in your
closet okay we're live no just put it in
your cloud I don't trust you are you
saying in your room yeah okay good
no I'm okay okay don't shoot me today
Bosley yeah you're going in the garage
Oh how about you all right fine Bosley
give me one case but Bosley
yeah you fell funny guys I'm putting
melon in slow-mo it actually wasn't in
me well gosh you look snapped you look
good look good no no no no no that yeah
that's the real cheese sticks yeah
that's good no we get collagen look how
the showed on the website
yeah but not live in snow and then press
that this oh yeah we're big we're adding
it we're adding your egg eristic so
Brian oh my god I'm paying you okay then
do wings new wings not possibly but I'd
have to go to a different box and
restart with all you yo stories I swear
to God look unless you could trade it
here look we're gonna take your two
skinny pussy crazy
rusty this doesn't even look good yeah
just you know the wings are zesty to
don't get the small oldest we can eat
dinner curse wars should I wait that's
six ninety six we go good look with the
marshmallows oh my god
a gin hot and thank you but why bribe
hold are the two-liter Pepsi no no I
would never
all right what what do you want me to do
Brandon um cuz I go get wings and make
the Ritz with our friend it like it okay
if I'm not at the 35 don't shit where
she'll bad your soul time okay okay guys
yeah don't freak out blowing I'll show
the address soldier oh my I can crop it
out nobody look if you already fucked up
with your car tours you did a whole
Google Maps video or call this a dumbass
wait you think people the dinner box
already comes with two pizzas you don't
create your own no I didn't look look
take that one off no but look yeah
create your own no cuz this one is just
one of the pizzas and then the other one
is the second key click cuz where is it
they're scamming us it's supposed to be
all in the Box look big dinner box
panties do Baba John's and actually I
don't like pop nope this is actually
good but like why the guys I can't show
the screen because it shows her address
and no knows where we lose so we have to
go
this looks good Brian its $35 for what
so okay here why does this a daily deal
that's not a deal it's a daily scan oh
you know what I just fucking that saying
but look let me show you what I click I
click as a big dinner box you know I
didn't but I didn't do going with wings
I'd okay then how much is on pause look
right here is water that is tasbot later
you can take that one does he drink from
it yeah for really putting this one room
outside water hmm
wait look it's sunny with wings but look
it said it's fucking 2099 yeah how much
is with puss 2019 is a dumb hat yeah
that's what I'm saying so what is plus
8:15 I think delivery no it wouldn't let
the added weight hold on what the hell
goes already why why is it a said
because we like why are these not like
included in you know it is it is oh just
like hard weighing it out it's saying
you on you Brian know what's going on I
think I Dec strong on what fuck you too
late to Brian okay
ok hungry yes let me get this one from
the vlog name email phone number
don't go does the payment oh you better
get this in your vlog I know I will you
have to and way don't forget the address
oh yeah that's the most important part
my fucking keys fell under the chair and
my hand is of course he's gonna make me
do it my hands are big enough to fucking
I mean my hands are too big my hands are
too big they don't fit so I need skinny
bones okay wait no one's gonna get me
through they're gonna check from the
back you let me hit it from the back
y'all go down ah out of that Cup I was
good wait will you why your seats so low
and tight and oh I'm riding solo
getta getta getta get it got it woman
okay guys I'm gonna go get food what
time is it like we need to okay what do
you want wait you didn't tell me guys so
Brian went inside and I'm about to drive
okay I'm about to close the garage and
drive I don't know where my fucking card
is maybe show them the number okay guys
here's my credit kind of render that um
I fucking was about to drive and like I
was about to close a garage and
everything and I fucking forgot my card
imagine I forget my money again and I go
all the way to the drive-thru I'm good
thank you
oh shit I'm heading to the window I'm
headed to the window
guys Brian I'm actually not gonna make
it for free agent so you have to come
from a stirring room tell me bless me
with what happened got it
so Brian got chicken burrito and taco I
got sticky Cydia chicken burrito taco
taco and Cinnabon July if England yes
yes anything I probably wouldn't die
from all these combined but for these
and I'm done
Brian why'd you donate me to talk I know
shit you want it back no I'm good I
ditch well why you going upstairs stay
down okay yes I promise
Brian's camera how do they fit all the
to read like do they just going to back
up to readers and link them together
they love then they glue it guys Brian
said is it too late to grow from
drinking milk yeah is it too late
holding that son I'm at least trying to
get to five foot ten before I start over
Ryan I want to get this like 511 or six
video obviously
kourin George Eric Bledsoe PJ Tucker
Channing Frye Miles Plumlee starting
lineup ish Smith Gerald Green Marcus
Morris Markieff Morris and Alex lamb but
he did play big-time leanings and then
whole Obama daddy on to Christmas Archie
Goodwin first of all remember Dallas and
Sons
winner gets until playoffs is you
weren't even home I left like happy yeah
so drop by twelve halfway and they lost
about the scariest then you're my last
forty eight wins that year with Little
Miss 40 games he missed 40 games ended
in 48 games like white guys you see
these crying to me the frozen frozen the
servers in our Yolo do you eat them like
by themselves yeah she can sit good oh
wow yeah what the fuck is wrong with you
making a protein shake dirt weight and
need some milk you need some new Brian
you actually look like Khloe Kardashian
God's bronze actually a dumbass he
already uploaded this video to YouTube
and and now after it was already
uploaded good thing was private he's
like way Brandon I forgot to ask you
would you be okay with this positron I
shook my hips and you could literally
see my whole entire dick imprint through
the sweats and Brian literally erected
he already render and uploaded it though
I forgot to ask you since we're okay to
begin I said Brian dumbass want a job
with Jackie's I don't it'll keep smartly
yeah you literally learn your lesson
about not a notch and make sure it's
good yeah don't worry people your ass
okay that's enough how about ready Brian
just okay cuz I have to say the science
category Brian you could see my deal
it's a camel toe
I don't want people to see it so what do
I do
Haymitch pinch Brian just tragedies work
fucking link mush I mean look how many
Phoenix Suns games I have recorded from
last year about a pickle oh how about
Suns and nuggets from November 20th can
watch that one I'm just reaching old
games oh this is the game that the sun's
came back and won oh my god Markieff
Markieff the only points you scored all
year and I'd see it bitch guys here's a
red jab my mom's sister and my mom's mom
both of their birthdays were July 1st
Bosley okay say bye to the vlog you
owned by Bosley bye I'm Victor Brandon
no Mandy's not yet July 13th
I know bye MA Lea bye say bye bye Bosley
Bosley
