I got this
makes us have the letter B Brian that's
fucked up just go finish playing this
game I'm just playing this with my mom
dad and Brian fuck that but anyways
Jackie just got off her nine-hour shift
she's on her way here so I'm about to go
pick us up some food some soup and I'm
also gonna get Jamba Juice so she should
be hearing like oh no she just left the
fair so I'll have the food ready by the
time she comes and NBA free agency
starts in three hours I'm so hyped and
I'll get back to you guys once I get the
food guys I was actually so scared
playing that shocking ball game with
Brian and my family that like my fucking
balls and my like they were sweating now
Jack's about to come over so I like I'm
not even gonna go get the food right now
imma go bag get get in the shower you
know I had already taken a shower
literally like 20 minutes ago not gonna
go back you know clean up my like like
uh my freakin huevos like just clean up
you know and like ma was so scared I was
fucking sweating everywhere I was so
scary I don't know what kind of wife
that was but colored portion poo at $24
for the conditioner and Nicki into my
hair
oh wait babe baby loan me one more time
to see what happens I'm not ignoring you
you said you paid $24 for shampoo for
Kendall lightning doesn't smell and
that's a problem
listen guys I dropped the cap to my
chapstick somewhere and I don't know
where away and it's like melting coz of
the Sun up stress your Stevie Wonder
okay guys so I was trying to get the
food for Jackie's and that I had to go
in the shower so then by the time I was
done she came so my surprise is ruined
surprise bitch she said I'm here alright
so the surprise is ruined but I also
want to jump with you so I was gonna
surprise you and you ruined my surprise
like always
yeah I was gonna magic pay for it that's
because you come just joking because you
came that's awesome so sorry
same cannula old couch in red tin turn
red you like guys I only drive through
red lights when it's green I stopped why
babe can you do this no why what
happened for you well I just realized we
look like the lizards I don't look like
a lizard lizard' doesn't have big nose
oh when I go yeah that's how you play my
chapstick is fucking melty guys NBA free
agencies into our it's a little your
notification okay we'll see I have to ok
then I'm not talking to you anymore for
the rest of the day kidding having yet
but I you said I can't on midnight
tonight yeah midnight tonight you can
block me on twitter because Godley my
tweets are gonna be so annoying
so I'm actually blogging is this for
pick up guys I was looking for the cap
and I can't find it but I found while I
was looking for the cap I found a whole
other Brits beads so we'll just pick
this one this we can honestly toss in
the trash cause it's gonna melt in my
guys a babe kinds of my allowed to park
here
mark my property
I am Stevie Wonder when I see Jackie Bay
this isn't me
babe look turn around you can see it on
their thumbnail okay guys there's
literally one more hour till NBA free
agency so I'm gonna spend the last hour
with my girlfriend because honestly once
free agency starts babe there's actually
a warning first of all just blocked me
on Twitter just blocked me okay good and
then like honestly just you can get a
new boyfriend for like six or seven days
because guys imagine how much I talked
about the NBA Draft that was one day
imagine all that talk every day for like
like over a week
I love NBA free agency it doesn't like
oh my gosh okay babe are you ready for
our last hour together it's like the
Last Supper so yeah guys I'm gonna go
now and catch you guys when free agency
begins I've been loading up videos from
my NBA channel so much over the past
couple of days because my girlfriend is
actually gonna kill me this is my fifth
video on my NBA channel today and I made
two last night right before I slept at
1:00 in the morning
so literally in the last like 20 or 21
hours I've made seven NBA videos seven
babe Chandler Parsons was offered four
years ninety six million dollars from
the Blazers and Mozgov signed four years
64 million dollars with the Lakers babe
maybe it looked pretty without makeup
guys you know so Bosley hey come here
okay guys so I'm sitting here just
thinking about life and you know what
I'm thinking I'm thinking how sad is
this
so I'm 21 years old and my favorite
thing to do okay okay okay get out get
out get out okay your choice get out or
going with Raj okay you want to go to
the Bahji game okay guys this I'm just
sitting here thing about life I'll buzz
least wearing my wrist ah I'm just
seeing your thing about life for the
millionth time and I'm thinking how sad
is this 21 year old man boy whatever you
want to call it and my favorite thing to
do in the whole entire world is to go
outside pick up a basketball play by
myself while I make my fat pug cheerlead
for me
I mean how sad is that 21 years old my
favorite thing to do in the hometown
world go outside play basketball shoot
around by myself while I force I don't
want you want to say have while I forced
my fat pug to sit outside and Cheerilee
for me just me living the life me I'm
blending out ugly robbing your parents
ready to worry about probably put me in
the past boggling when actually watch me
too much
because my girlfriend just surprised me
with this cake I'm actually in love with
it like I never want to eat it in my
whole life I never wanted to mess up
even though babe what happened here and
there can you really tell no no you
can't I tell them what happened
it fell while she was driving in the car
I pulled over on the freeway for the
first time of my life I turned on my
emergency list
well yeah there's a real emergency it's
not like the fake ones like flat tire
breaks gone bad this was a real
emergency guys I'm actually so happy
look me blood-soaked Booker on a cake
I'm gonna eat Devin Booker face-first
then M uh blood cells face and then mine
but I actually never want to eat it I
just want to save it forever they can it
never go Ryan I know actually this like
a week guys I'm so happy I didn't even
know she was coming to my house I got
out the shower she actually gave me a
heart attack she was behind my door babe
my ding dong oh you are a ding dong all
his birthday's are happening today guys
I actually walked in and I was about to
take my towel off and she was right
there and I thought it was my mom and I
go well no and then I still took it off
for you but I thought it was my mom at
first here I'll go be the one closest to
baby
hey guys baby like baby this door oh my
gosh where did you buy that
um because let me just tell you that hey
baby interrupting my boo I want to tell
a story though before you look about
man-cake experience so you put his face
on it so there's this really cool
website from England white like they
have like an Instagram thing so the cake
is like an Instagram like post and so I
put his picture on an Instagram thing
and I ordered the cake with like 100
dollars first of all yes it's too fat I
can't breathe
and then the Rebecca's her fucking name
cost me and it's like oh well we can't
send it to you if you want we can send
you a piece with a picture on it I said
what the fuck do I look like wanting a
piece no oh you're putting it in my hand
ah long story short clearly they don't
like me she kept putting Laker colors
hey boy I know she put yellow and she
said lice and she put a black and white
picture with black all over it like okay
babe you know and she put BBs oh baby
like the store you hear on your name I'm
too lazy okay okay fine guys I'm
proposing to Jackie because she got me
this cake and I'm too hyped
hey what finger does this fit for you
okay you're not in the camera frame when
bro Wallace gets happy for what is just
crazy things so you know don't you like
it
oh so you've never seen my tongue or
felt my tongue yes said I okay
oh yeah yeah you didn't show it's a
basketball yeah I did
it's a basketball in your hand when I'm
scared I have fat fingers it's okay okay
you keep the middle one got your nail
look at your nail yeah I want the cake
wait
oh it fits this I'm not a pro about when
I say yes or no yeah
wait you didn't even have us do them
what do you mean you didn't even ask
you're wasting my time you know the
question I'll enjoy sorry
okay okay I'm wear your white shirt ask
a glass me ask me okay well actually
I'll need to ask Mamie oh wait look oh
why like this you hooked it stop ya know
okay guys she said yes thanks for the
right I don't know but you could spend
ten cents on me I didn't spend it you
spent it Hey
but I was just oh god I didn't even have
to pay for the ring gods I'm too scared
to eat the faces we just have to eat
from the corner ah dad what did you say
what he said whose birthday is it
Amanda garage Amanda just came back from
a cruise from Mexico said that she
brought me a gift I don't know if you
have 18 or younger you hold you hurt
it's okay
wait first of all is it live or no can I
use it on Jackie uh this will remind you
of - oh is it ass oh shit I'll take this
one
oh and it's the same color to us this
one's a little too that one's for Brian
for sure like that one's for Brian
that's where Brian actual size it's got
more little fries hey I'll take this one
I don't like the red panties but yeah
save that for Brian
a man is the best thing I guess wait is
this only one shot is more than this
maybe a shot in Mexico
I wasn't for Bob which one enough for
you come for you the next one Bosley
Bosley hey that's a man that's you get
this shoot yeah baby oh you ran you
showed fear who where's my dad say sorry
for getting me the gift
guys Bosley's favorite thing to do when
it cools down and the Sun Goes Down is
watching the little kid neighbors play
outside watch Bosley
are you watching them yeah you're
watching them play outside what are they
playing hide and seek or tag okay you
can see outside don't worry you don't
have to go in yet yeah and then after
I'll put you in the garage okay I found
ants on my toothbrush and I was going to
ask him off we had another toothbrush in
my dad said oh you can you can get the
one you got me for Father's Day he still
never opened it okay I got my dad a
toothbrush for Father's Day and he never
freaking used it it's right here Oh
smile smile you look hot
mom dad you look hot
it matches at least I know I didn't do
anything
come here guys I'm trying to tell Jackie
about Jared Dudley the sons
free agent who we just signed first of
all I love him and she wants her glasses
for some reason here babe
oh my gosh okay babe so he used to be
with us a long time ago and I used to
love him he was a fan favorite I've met
him like three or four times he's not
gonna be he's not really good he's not
gonna make us better but he's just like
a fan favorite so I wanted him bad
really yeah you like him and we're happy
too and I love Jared Dudley so much my
gamertag on PlayStation or username
wherever focus called used to be Suns a
SJD a long time ago the a s was for more
Sodom RJD was for Jared Dudley and now
he's back babe man deines leavin are you
noticing you don't sleep when I talk
about the Suns hello okay well I'm
coming in
I'm diving in but guys I love my
girlfriend but I actually I literally
hate her because she literally sleeps in
the middle of the bed who does that I
have no room on the rive no room on the
left and her princess queen princess of
the world sleeps comfortably right in
the middle
you hear me babe queen of the world
sleeps find another bed why don't you
push me then I don't fine I go damn boy
you're moving a little too fast
I'm literally addicted to my girlfriend
spot like my hand is like glued it's
like a magnetic force I swear no like
it's actually not possible for me to
sleep without a veneer but babe I love
your bod guys Brian got his JIT wait
Brian got his gift who was actually it
was actually from jr. amanda lied she
took credit for juniors gifts Junior
thanks Brian whoop
what do you think of it it's really nice
I actually like we can have a drink like
T Elgin for my new junior
Raj at happy birthday Brian - does your
birthday
Rogers using my cup wait Rajesh so how
old 7 mama mama 27 but your daughter's
Mandy is 27
okay show me the gift Oh what do you
think of it do you love it junior guys
the gifts were actually from jr. Amanda
took credit for the gifts yeah Junior
Thank You Amanda took credit for the
gifts and they weren't from her Junior
got that in real life though I only got
the glass twins twins
mama Rogan and on trug engineer thanks
for the gifts yes
Junior okay guys so I just finished
editing this vlog and I'm bout to go
make a couple more videos from my NBA
channel in case you guys didn't know yes
I do have an NBA channel and also in
case you guys didn't know NBA free
agency is going on right now so I've
been uploading like crazy on my NBA
channel I'd say maybe eight videos in
the past like two days and I'm about to
upload some more so we're gonna have
like ten videos up on that channel in
the past two days um well I'm trying to
get really active on that channel
especially right now and be free and see
how tons of news you guys need to get
caught up on so if you guys are
interested in that and be a news rumors
like anything NBA just go check that
channel out link is in my description
below I honestly feel bad for a Jacke
NBA news I've been going crazy and free
agency hasn't even been going on for a
full two days there's still a long ways
to go and I honestly feel bad for Jackie
Sears she might have to like not just
blocking on Twitter or blog me in real
life anyways I just bought my tickets
for NBA Summer League so I'm gonna be
there for two days in the beginning I
think probably July 9th and 10th I think
those were the days so if you guys are
there catch me there las vegas NBA
Summer League just buy my ticket sadly
they sold out a VIP so I just got
regular general admission
nothing wrong with that I'm gonna be
seeing the son's play for two days so
there's that also guys I've been getting
a lot of people saying dude you tweet so
much about basketball stop tweeting or
oh my god dude you tweet so much all
this I have I have something to say
something small to say nobody's holding
a gun to your head saying follow Brandon
or stay following him
listen there's simply this button called
unfollow and if you don't like what I
tweet how much I tweet or that I tweet
about basketball unfollow me is no hard
feeling just unfollow no one's holding a
gun to your head saying oh if you don't
fall mcil you know just unfollow like
people are really complaining that I'm
tweeting about basketball
oh my god I'm tweeting about my favorite
sport now no one's holding a gun to your
head saying to keep following me so just
um fall if you don't like my tweets I
tweet a lot about basketball you don't
like it I'll follow me that's it god
just someone arrests me god forbid I
forgot tweeting about my my favorite
sport on my own Twitter account I forgot
that was a crime someone arrest me now
please
