got this guy's this right here was
recorded after the prank and let me just
tell you I'm like I don't know how I'm
still alive but just a quick explanation
so you guys don't get confused so what
had happened was Devin Booker and Eric
butter who are my favorite Phoenix Suns
players landed in San Diego last night
and I had been in contact with them and
they said that we could meet up and they
stopped replying out of nowhere so um
the reason why they stopped applying
they'll be explained later on in the
video but I guess my mom took out an
opportunity to prank me and here you
guys go
I tweeted to him saying hey bro what are
you doing down here sitting on unipod he
said we can meet up most of the team is
out here and I said I said I don't mean
to bother I know you got things to do
I'm just hoping I can say whatever signs
that cool where do you want to meet up
no way now you're Lee Jung I'm sure we
can link up bro most of the team is out
here ok wait actually can't go just
scared
what's going on guys mama wadis is here
and today i'm getting back at brandon
for all the pranks that he did to me
today i'm going to do something so bad
for him he's going to get it for me
me and Brian we decided to prank him
with those son players so I know Brandon
told me they lighted in Santiago last
night he was tweeting that hand they
were gonna need or something but and he
was supposed to meet them somewhere I
don't know how they message him he makes
it he misses them they message hand back
and then they stop so when they stop me
Brian got an idea that will say okay the
reason why we stopped which we were
trying to come to the house and surprise
any person and they came they left a
note and they might imagine Brandon see
that no words what happened the reason
why I'm dr. pol he's editing upstairs so
you ride with him right and over a
liquid and hang it outside and then
combine them to sing it come on Bonnie
just don't fight it with your
handwriting just threw something
squirrel or something
I gotta know I'm right in my hand can
you see ya just by Lincoln I'm sure he
doesn't know how it is
I'm sorry I do and you can't you're
handsome
is that how big good book of all Italy
then we could separate Devon I'll say
like your house was easy to find because
I yeah your ad this was he so sloppy
yeah nicely she so he doesn't know it's
right
yeah that's gonna do it okay hmm thanks
for the support
with you yes I did it orjust write their
name David in blood so then yep sorry
so just done or should I likes I love it
yeah hey Brandon we landed in San Diego
miss Tucker pine because we're gonna
come surprise you and we got to the
house and your address was easy to find
we saw the sign on your door we don't
want to bother
sorry we missed you but thanks for the
support go Suns okay
and they will because I'm gonna bring
just like that only one is okay and
let's go you sit at the camera and like
downstairs so when I call him but
somewhere that he wants to and they want
it okay so Brian's gonna set up a camera
downstairs oh okay I'm gonna have him
sit in the coward because when I'm gonna
call him I'm gonna tell him just sit
down down something wrong okay now it's
like true
now you gotta finish the drink moment
six okay let's get the show started now
I'm going to try to cover them
downstairs and tell them why I was
leaving Oh
the door and we'll go from there we'll
see what's going to happen
Brandon oh oh you are Yogeshwara hi come
downstairs please
you already come downstairs now okay I'm
almost done the moon high then what your
life is going to be done pika no hope
here you'll sit I need the doctor let me
go through those never plot oh how can I
bother them a figure four train that
okay hey I don't make a Booker and bled
to our both here I haven't talked with
wet Soviet but Booker is soft upon so I
don't know if I shot last message even
see look I said I said he will he
tweeted Oh San Diego so I treated him I
said hey ro what are you doing down here
San Diego he literally said by himself
said we can link man we can link broke
and then he said most of the team is
here and I said oh like just loving the
or whatever that was that night I don't
know I don't know how long during beer I
don't know if he met that night or when
but he has a fire but it's so early I
when I got to the gym okay I'll cover
and then I have some bad news for you I
don't know what I did it happen but just
sit over here I was just left to get
somewhere and I saw this oh don't look
all we're get inside
monitor
that's it I'll show you why I can't
believe
I start shaking I can't believe it I
don't know if it's a joke it's a prank
it's a fucking something rideth Rory
would sit down sit sit k-kenny good
oh my god hi why are you shaking why are
you shaking wait what is it what is it I
can't believe it Brandon and night hey
you're okay you're okay well you should
wear where I don't know i conned it now
we're always leaving and you know I kind
of believe it I swear because have any
told me there is a mind up oh my god run
no it's okay okay well we always settle
it that but it's difficult to put that
big-ass sign out there oh my god Brandon
this is what this was you're up to do
anything this would you never never go
to a cable to see one that way I don't
know what we're going to do some that I
can write you're on it when I saw her I
swear that I said I thought it was one
of the town letter and I know but I I
didn't - I felt so bad for you and I
didn't know I don't I swear I was going
to hide it okay so the last miss I'm
sorry I'm sorry things happens but I
know this is big for you but it did it
say um I know I know I know and look at
that I swear to God I sign it it's a
sick signature look hold on oh I have to
surprise you hi this is how you said oh
I may be I believe it was that for sure
because I didn't tweet at all that I'm
going to see them I didn't treat you at
all about anything
so what not gonna scan tricky no no my
god what oh my god Brandon no there's no
way Oh
and the problem is some time I see fans
and I go outside I'm a zip - I kind of
feel bad that I'm missing - imagine
thinking all the way here just for you I
would feel that shit coming seriously I
need clear and Jojo oh wow yeah this is
why did you have to sign up the whole I
know
no way no way moving into the house for
me
imagine taking pictures in front of our
house come into our our staying hello
it's not gonna be then they'll be do
enough and when you're looking for them
all we bar there's no one there oh but
when I was holding on and I don't know
what to do I feel that for you I'm sorry
things happens we can't do nothing about
it I humbly and I have to go where are
you going
I have to go out and around the handle
look it's not beautiful I mean it did
but how wait there for one second just
think about this every book and here
let's have a duel mom okay okay this is
not I feel seriously
this your dream your dream came true but
you weren't there
when was this way when I have last night
today I was on both times I know but you
never look outside and see us here but
sometime I swear you go because
something from the car to see how many
fans you meet like that way but that
wasn't meant to be running it was meant
to be we can love the song I know but it
did not was it your lucky day yes
there'll be another day I guess so oh
come on get up what start I don't know
what are you gonna do you think how am I
gonna say I know it we can just go back
go back imagine they were here they were
here and you weren't there to see them
the people that you die to meet or get a
treat from or get a fall or something
they work outside our house no seriously
this is something with you gonna even
regret this I noticed um you're alive I
mean it's not your fault oh oh I'm sorry
I'm making it worse for you but if I
feel this way I feel like shit what
should I message back what am I to say
holiday comeback I love you Lee I'm
sorry
yeah why did I put the thing on the door
and with me banging on gate for months I
know
they should have like message you from
outside but they don't do that they're
not like regular people their babies we
know here they are for you because they
know you you deserved it they know what
are you going to do I'm gonna like
that's it that's it cool
what what am I supposed to do what am I
supposed to do cry just say oh boy
whatever nice try I miss that no this is
you're going to cry no I'm gonna message
uh I'm going to message what's up has
already talked to Booker so I'm not
gonna bother you anymore I to talk to
blood so yeah I'll show it on a cry from
laughter mom it's not funny
look look I get a message uh what so but
it's just it free signup annoying mom
sorry mom mom mom mom Megan cause of
this you try it okay where's the camera
legitimate wall well there's one in the
sky your papa that's right go say hi
sale
I got prank bummer ugh - mom hey first
of all I cried like I know what that's
my boy
so that's kind of the big deal so so
wait so what what does that mean good
waiting now so later I wish okay I'm
actually gonna mention watch although
cuz Booker hasn't required you to tell
me why I did I'll tell my god hey
where's our so I'm still gonna meet with
day well yeah but what will happen for
you how da fiel guys we got him guys we
got him we got girl widest he deserved
it what happened to you right you're why
I cry I cry it like with my shock may I
I imagine I imagined in Devin Booker and
Eric Bledsoe at my gate but they're for
me I know and all I had of that was a
memory of them on the camera when my dad
got home to rewind it or a letter I
cried I don't even cut I don't wanna
wish I I can break my foot and break my
arm and and everything I wouldn't cry
hold on mom why wait so that means I'm
still gonna be with them I'm just
waiting on the reply yeah yeah I hope
they're gonna reply I'm on a message of
what so cookies in San Diego to Booker
said we could saw a message blood so now
I keep saying David okay sorry go ahead
mom I did it I'm actually too happy now
I'm gonna still gonna meet you're happy
at out I don't care so I'm gonna be
there I know I know
wait I think I actually wanted to shock
for like yeah what do you realize where
I was gonna say should I tell him
something that's gonna happen he's
falling on the floor guys I know how
happy was like yesterday when I told my
god Wow didn't I record you you have the
biggest thank you no way God when Booker
message me like I always so follow hi
honey
I got a CI go what okay mom
wait this isn't a joke how did mom you
know how sad I was I never fly and
you're gonna pray oh no wait so so Becky
got me I'm gonna hit I'm gonna message
let's go right now happy I'm gonna fight
funny I have a message Bledsoe and
Booker already said we could meet up so
I'll see what Bledsoe says
mom we got him we got him yep are you
and you know what this is not the whole
thing
mom stop guys I don't care that was oh
my god mom stop I'm done I'm done okay
guys
God works in mysterious freak in Wade's
so you you know I said I was gonna hit
up Bledsoe Bledsoe just replied he said
he said yeah we're gonna link up at four
o'clock I'll shoot you the address in a
bit and Booker replied the reason he
hadn't applied last time because they
had just landed in San Diego and they
were tired and everything so he didn't
mean to meet up last night he
today that's what he did mom look guys I
literally forgot replies from both of
them right after after was after imagine
being out there playing so I'm about to
go meet with the I'm about to go in at 4
p.m. at 4 p.m. I'm gonna go and uh mom
oh my god okay guys so my mom got me
seriously of course mom I'm scared
I am nervous I'm nervous yeah we're not
gonna talk about that we can talk about
that I meet them for now we have some
explanation of the letter guys anywhere
here most of the team Devin Booker says
I don't even know who else that is but
okay mom uh yeah you could if you want
Oh guys mom get out I'm gonna call my
dad mom we're done I need to go get
ready okay mom I'm bye guys
all right peace okay guys so here I am a
couple of days after this prank after
I've already met the son cause you guys
have seen the video and let me tell you
why I was head to town uploading this
prank so people are gonna say oh why'd
you upload it so late I cried I cried I
did not want to show myself crying but
at the end of the day I was like you
know what I prank my mom so many times
I've picked my dad and my brother I
don't care if I show myself crying so I
cried and yet and the reason this whole
prank made sense the whole sign was
because our address got leaked so
everyone knows where we live and people
like fans I've been coming up and
banging on the gate so that big green
poster was pretty much explaining can
you guys please not being on the gay and
show us some respect so that's why
Booker and Bludso's didn't being on the
gay and I was like no bang as hard as
you could the reason Booker hadn't
replied was because they were gonna be
in San Diego for a few days and when he
said we can link up he meant like the
next hour of the day after I thought
they were only in San Diego for the
night so imagine how I felt he said oh
we can link up bro most of the team is
here and then he just stopped replying
and I didn't want to bother him so I was
gonna keep replying and I was just like
wait so did I did he just fucking prank
me is he not really in San Diego like
imagine how I felt because I didn't get
a reply till the next day so imagine how
I felt that night I was like damn did I
just get like prank by Devin Booker what
you're gonna do me like that bro but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video
