oh man you guys okay so you can't tell I
was hold on let me show you I was
editing uploading a vlog okay it's gonna
have it ready for you guys instead I am
now going to be on my way to the fair to
talk to the supervisor and there won't
be a vlog today you could think some of
your fellow fans because well okay I
don't want to get into this too deeply
but these fans um first of all there
won't be any more meet and greets at the
fair I've been doing probably like I've
met I'd say close to four or five
hundred fans four or five hundred of you
guys I've watched my videos I've met at
the fair over the past three four weeks
over the past month I've been going I'd
say four or five times a week you know
my videos I played office
oh I'm the crazy boyfriend going to
watch my girlfriend work no I go there
for you guys i tweeted out where i
periscope or i snapchat or i say my
videos that i'm going to the fair you
guys come i go sign autographs take
pictures talk with you guys some people
I've even hung out bought food for them
ate with them okay and shot some
basketball with you guys there won't be
any more of that you could think here
let me just go on I don't want to tell
the full story because okay so the other
night is you know like just the usual I
went there I drove to the fair got in
I'm hanging out in Jackie's booth you
know Jackie works up the fare for those
people who don't know she works out the
fare which is why this whole thing
stemmed up so I'm like our booth she's
there I'm pretty much I snapped our like
I tweet out that I'm at the fair so so
generally a lot of people come we take
pictures talk and then they go her boss
has already know like they knew when
they hired her
she had to tell them that people were
probably going to be coming up and
asking for pictures they were okay with
that that's not what she got in trouble
we've been doing this even when I'm not
there people who hope to her and ask for
pictures it's been like a month no one
said anything her bosses don't mind her
supervisors don't care they knew when
they hired her that this might be
happening this other day when I went to
nights ago I'm guessing we got set up or
sheeted or something because pretty much
what happened I have no idea who it was
because we met a ton of people that
night it was on Wednesday know what day
was it Tuesday night um we either got
set up or something but you know we met
a ton of people and everything went
smoothly meet them sign autographs you
know take pictures and all that before
you know it the next day supervisors in
Jackie's face I don't want to say why or
what happened because then it might
happen again that's the last thing we
want so and and me and Jackie were just
like what so we pretty much got set up
and I don't know so okay I'm just saying
so we met we met a ton of fans and I
guess these people were haters
pretending to be fans because as soon as
they took the pictures with us they went
to the office where Jackie's boss is
Jackie supervisor whatever and they
complained that they made up a huge lie
about how like she was being really rude
she wasn't helping uh she wasn't helping
answer questions they said that I was in
the booth with her and I was being rude
as well and I don't even work there and
that we refused to take pictures first
of all that's a job so if Jackie refuses
to take pictures on her job that's her
choice but that never happened every
single fan we met we took pictures we
talked to them and everything so I guess
these were just haters portraying to the
fans and they asked for pictures and as
soon as
got their pictures or whatever they went
straight to the boss supervisor and just
just slide so like supervisor came up
and said yeah these people went to her
and Jackie tried to explain that this
whole YouTube fan base thing is kind of
crazy
so she was trying to tell you that they
were lying and I know but I'm gonna go
talk to her right now I'm just gonna say
like look that never happened
um I don't know what they told you
actually I do know what they told you
but it's false so just a quick uh uh I
guess update for the past month I'd say
for at least four maybe five times a
week
I was driving 20 miles to this fair
paying for parking except for that one
day they had free parking paying for
parking God my past that let me go I
paid money for a passed-out let me go in
every single day and I was going to meet
all of you guys
I would I would tweet the people I would
DM people who would DM me that I'm gonna
be there where I'm gonna be out snapchat
periscope I would let people come
through like I said me take pictures
sign autographs talk eat food with some
of them play the basketball game with
some of them and I'm not going to be
doing that anymore there was a couple of
days left I was supposed to go on Friday
and Saturday so tomorrow and Saturday so
I'm not gonna be doing that anymore
so yeah Tuesday night we met a ton of
people just like every time I go and
these people felt the need to go to
Jackie's boss I don't know how the hell
they found her but um yeah go to
Jackie's boss and pretty much lie
straight up
oh she was being rude to me she didn't
help me with my questions she had her
boyfriend with her she wasn't doing her
job uh so and these people were
literally like at the booth oh my god
can we take a picture in like blah blah
so I'm not sure exactly who was but
there's fans for you I don't know
so yeah for that reason
I have to make this video because I had
promised eat balls gonna be there on
Saturday so for all of you and I had
promised if you're watching this I
apologize I apologize for not getting a
vlog up today I need to go I don't know
how long it's gonna take like I said 20
miles away and I promised some videos
from my NBA channel so I don't know guys
but yeah so that's what happened so I
guess don't trust anybody
anyways NBA free agency is tonight so
I'm hyped for that but we're gonna go
take care of this first and see what
this boss supervisor says I don't know
wait guys really quick before I go let
me tell you who I feel bad for I feel
bad for Jackie because she had to take a
leave she was working two jobs before
the fair she was working at two
different places working full-time and
she had to take a leave from both of
those jobs to work out the fare because
she does kind of like an internship
where she's gonna get something for
marketing so what she's doing at the
fair she's not just working at some like
restaurant or ticket booth she didn't
sign up to work out the fare just for
some extra like summer money no she was
getting that from her two jobs she
signed up because she was actually
looking forward to her future and this
opportunity that doesn't really come up
to get this like thing that's gonna help
her accomplish what she wants after
college no she's she's pretty much left
her two jobs for a month and a half
sacrificing her now for the future as in
sacrificing her like but she used to get
double paychecks and way more hours
instead she's just doing the the paid
internship at the fair she's sacrificing
her now for the future for post college
so the fact that she gets thrown a stone
on top of her which is obviously good
for her future for post college after
college and is gonna help her find a job
so the fact that she's at work trying to
do this like paid internship this
opportunity to get like a marketing
award certificate and because she has to
work there for two years is her second
year so the fact that she's trying to do
that and every single fan that comes
she takes pictures she talks to them
like she's pretty much she's doing that
for me she doesn't have to do that it's
her job so the fact that people are
finding her all a day she works
nine-hour shifts all day taking pictures
talking to them so the fact that these
people live and make her made her look
bad and pretty much got her in trouble
with her boss or a supervisor
straight-up went to the office found the
boss and talked like and just I feel bad
for Jackie because on top of doing her
job that she pretty much like is gonna
help her in the future for college and
after college and help her find a career
on top of that she's talking to like all
these fans and everything being nice
taking pictures and and then she gets
this to him on top of her which is fake
which is a lie it's just like oh no it
makes no sense but there's people in
2016 for you like that's her job she
gets paid for that she gets a like what
do you call it something like no I don't
want to say certificate but like an a
thing for her future like it's a it's an
internship a paid internship any love
for marketing like this is what is gonna
help her after called herself she could
have easily said like okay no fans like
I need to keep it professional
instead what she did before she got
hired she told she told her boss and
supervisor that hey look there might be
people coming up is that fine and then
like to everybody that comes up takes
pictures conversations with them and
it's just like to everybody who's met
check out the fridge so for this to be
pinned on her is like she could have
easily been like no I need to keep this
professional
no fans talk to me nobody asked for this
and that instead she warned her like she
pretty much told her bosses and
supervisors like look I need to talk to
like fans come up I'm gonna talk to them
and and this is what gets pinned on her
so I know it's just don't it's just
dumped to me it's just done so I don't
know
