I got this okay guys now that I finished
watching the draft it's time they caught
now that I've been watching the draft
it's time to go out for my birthday
look guys I'm actually dressed up for
the first time in my life I'm flexing
with a watch the size of a penny guys
I've literally been reading and be
articles literally like over an hour and
a half straight I read but I need to
finish this article now they're very
gonna kill me if I keep talking about
the draft 34th piglet dude on Susie that
major meeting sounds select
guys we literally just woke up and look
I did I look I mean I'm good but we're
going to Raising Cane's for breakfast
again other Strawbridge this thing cuz
we're supposed to open guys just look at
this mess no stop
so my car keeps getting the time for
whatever reason I think it's because
we're in a different state so the being
probably being someone saw my car so I'm
getting give them a call handle that but
my girlfriend won't let me call it
because she said wonderful girl answers
I said babe it's the bank oh my god I
have to you make so much he likes so
much
she said no if it's a girl big friend
Antigua babe let's go I'm hungry she's
actually gonna kill me I've been talking
about the draft ever since 4:00 in the
morning no you said I have one hour
today yeah uh-huh
you up at 4:00 in the morning I'm sorry
no it's okay it's not about that but I
woke up and I stayed awake with you so
how you gonna get mad at me for turns
off the dress and then she said can you
put something on TV like Jamnagar
something and I put ESPN okay babe at
least I stayed awake with you hugging
you and kissing you for like an hour and
a half and then she got mad at me she
got mad at me because she said I woke up
and I was trying to read the draft
articles and she said no but you never
sleep you never getting sleep go back to
sleep so I turned my head and I act like
I was asleep then I snuck my phone under
the blanket and I read NBA draft
articles
you probably thought of like jacking off
I know but can you get the routine but I
actually can't go to sleep without
driving here but that by really
complaining we have to watch this
SportsCenter cuz she's mad because she
asked me to turn the TV on so I turned
the TV on what do you want to watch just
call me weird and you're making me watch
this hey this is the best this is the
best show ever
yeah but she's just she's actually gonna
break help me for how much I've talked
about NBA Draft the past I want to say
two days but it's actually the past two
decades and I told her I said babe I'm
just warning you free agency starts in
seven days you think the draft was bad
just wait till free agency I'm gonna be
talking about it every day like I talked
about the draft except this last for
almost two weeks
the draft was one day free agency is
almost two weeks so I'm just warning her
pray for a Jackie hashtag really guys
look our room is so dirty cleaning this
table dad I'm pretty sure yeah
wait that's my plane ticket holy Sh okay
I kind of need this one man please get
ready I want to show how hot you look
I'm not G to join the edge babe okay
I'll get ready if you just I was reading
NBA draft articles okay fine if you
stand up eyes on babe you look hot I
wanna do okay I'm never getting ready
babe I don't you I just want you to
stand up babe I'm literally gonna wear a
white t-shirt that's it
okay then I'll take this off okay
like that I don't want what you just
said I said I'm gonna take my shorts off
and I'm gonna go naked okay
okay babe please just I just want to
show you because you look hot
no you didn't okay guys I want to show
myself right now but I'm not because I'm
naked so just listen to me
my girlfriend there's all these fucking
naked prostitutes on the street and my
and what did you do I didn't look if you
look hard that's the only thing I'm
looking at did you offer to iron my
shirts yeah get yourself ugh girls
because okay fine movie one fashion
movie one fashion walk away what
hour-and-a-half
okay you're scaring me go back I am
doing is reading articles for six hours
okay fine I want you to walk and then do
this no why
I don't want to now turn around turn
around turn around and look babe okay
listen I'm never calling you ha I'm
never complimenting you on every time
your outfit looks good oh yeah that's
ironic go go back mm-hmm okay okay turn
around and I'll get dressed
turn around for me for me for me turn
around okay I'm not getting dressed I'm
not getting ready anymore camera down
don't hit me see what you do hey Austin
you ready for so okay fine I'm gonna get
rich
I'm ready already okay exactly see it
just muffin combat on your side and I'll
shove it up my ass when you go to sleep
okay there that's all I want you to do
guys you missed it no stop stop as soon
as I turn the camera off she actually
twisted my finger yeah you did don't lie
all yeah Wow
no no okay
okay your donors gonna be sleeping by
someone smells like shit listen babe I
just want to pick it no you smell like
shit I sleep next to something listen I
just want to take a snapchat now and
then I'll get ready who complains
because their boyfriend wants to
literally take a picture of their
girlfriend who says they look hot babe
I'm picking a song I'm gonna take a
snapshot of you with a song playing and
then I'm gonna get ready already
hey guys she just stubbed her toe okay
babe I'll get ready if I make this in my
mouth guys look at the difference in
this relationship I I begged to snapchat
her and tell her how Q and good she
looks and for my for her she's to
snapchat selfies babe no you are a
tomato your head is actually a tomato so
around go show it again oh no I spend
one full hour trying to take a snapchat
of you saying how all your on cute you
are you spend one hour trying to take a
selfie nope guys surprised I'm dressed
I'm not naked anymore anyways babe what
time did we start getting ready like one
it's 4:30 already out one you took the
whole time it's your fault yes God we
legit been getting ready for like three
hours and now it's finally time to go
we're gonna walk the strip we're gonna
go sadly to Sephora makeup store that's
literally my worst nightmare and then
we're gonna go to Circus Circus
Adventure Dome I tweeted it out so there
should be some fans here we'll meet up
with them and there are you ready let's
go look guys here's why I wrinkled socks
there's the Ergo socks and here's the
wrinkle
you got it you got a crinkle it a little
like this you can't go oral describe a
betrayal are you in love with this show
okay guys now we're both ready but my
girlfriend fell in love with Judge Judy
she loves her more than me now so now
we're watching people get sued I do I
say I love you if you say well I love
Judge Judy need everyone in the elevator
to say go signs three two one go thank
you
they charge $8
Oh looks like a phone but it's I know
great for literally 30 bucks when you're
dating when you're dating someone under
21 you go for a gin drinks yeah she's
only 14 Tyga and Kylie I'm just joking
but uh
it looks like we're drinking out of two
bombs but we have to get virgin drinks
guys look at this water bottle like this
why babe asked me what I do for quick at
things guys you know all the drills and
everything I don't learn from that if I
earthquake happens I just go like this I
turn into that water bottle you get
virgin margarita well that one wasn't
good
you get virgin margarita just like
myself I am so so every go to a pool
babe I cannot swim guys this is me when
I swim like babe hold the camera look
guys pretending the swimming pool I'm
just like this look I'm on my tippy toes
I'm holding my head up like this I'm
gasping for air babe I don't know how to
do this and you have to swim like that
can you swim under whoa-oh-oh knows how
to tippy toe and all my friends used to
say dude come on let's go to the deep
end and I'll 1000 others gonna stay here
like that why am i dating you sometime
save are you sure it's not expired
ah you are right there guys I gave in
we're gonna go to the pool but I'm not
swimming
we're going to the pool this hotel is
actually so big we've been walking to
the pool for like 30 minutes
finally
Oh No
I don't finish mine
watch
baby it's so so hot you love it
babe I honestly can't stop looking at
your butt I'm not gonna film it the girl
love I can't stop touching it I can't
stop looking at it it's a dick thing
imagine how long it took to build
the only thing that's going to take
longer the sun's everybody a
championship
really is bonsly looking
garage
oh my god imagine with all them in the
garage with no water Raleigh County s
garage a mistake I watched all the fish
test case that means out money this was
wrong
for sure
guys don't come to a Chinese food
restaurant with us it's not smart yeah
don't come anywhere with us you know
we're saving you the trouble
baby head is actually so round
god we made a new handshake WikiWiki
what my girlfriend said this I woke her
up out I wake you up bitch wakey-wakey
as yeah but you look like that the fish
from Shark Tale someone was like because
we made a new handshake look
we were just talking about how you guys
would probably watch this Amelia
so guys you know when you like you know
when you like secretly run into
something or you hate something and you
don't want to tell anyone because it
makes you look like a dumbass but then
the pain just gets too much so you just
have to go that was me I hit my hip when
we and Jackie we're play fighting so I
didn't want to tell her because I look
dumb
all right
it's not bad it's hot
Oh
guys look this is $50 in a Vegas hotel
$50 for this we're just about to eat
this and then go to Circus Circus okay
guys so we are about to go to Circus
where's the damn remote okay we're about
to go to Circus Circus but I'm not going
to ride any rides you want to know I'm
going because I want to play the rigged
basketball games and what a prize that's
the only reason we're going I swear I'm
not riding any rides not playing this
look guys what kind of fucking person
turns 21 in Vegas and goes to Circus
Circus to play the fake basketball hoops
so yeah when I come back to this room I
better have a prize I'm serious on I'm
the master of rigged fakes fake bent
circus basketball hoops and I'm gonna go
win a prize right now I'm not touching
any rides not doing anything else Friday
night in Vegas and I'm bout to go win a
stuffed animal at age 21 right yeah how
about yourself I know I see the sweet
yeah I was saying if I lived in Vegas
and had to drive out run over at least
like a people per day I swear guys look
what happens when I start talking baby
no dragon you know dragon vendor marques
Chris and Tyler Ulis why not I'm
Kentucky
that's right Tyler Ulis Eric Bledsoe
brand and I aren't you good when Devin
Booker all cuz I'm trying to talk bless
you
paper we're spending our Friday night
reading and B articles when we get back
to the hotel guys me and Jackie
literally obeyed tattoo shop Hey
oh shit guys
I'm vlogging right now guys look
each seahorse is three three shot and I
got to seize Kristen's
that's sakes so far and I'm gonna keep
playing for six
six makes I'm gonna make Jackie
recording me next
my next five playing again
you're hot right now bang
you got so cocky that's what happened
I won so much look this what was your
name I said look guys look Caleb and
Nigella here they're both huge fans no
you have to say what's up we're giving
him a doughnut to keep you have to
remember meeting me June 24th the day
after my 21st birthday time to pack and
head to the airport get this flight back
to San Diego and get back to editing
videos for you guys and to see Bosley
and my family
just landed now we're waiting for our
package I've no idea where it is
they literally treated like trash
oddly my back
I don't know but I want to bring balls
in my bag next I'm gonna go to Vegas
puzzly look at the camera
guys I think Bosley actually missed me
probably why are you sitting here look
what I come home to like this one with
the fucking margarita I think my mom set
me in hand she knows what is this Sophie
why would you think that what so you're
not smiling
I know Bosley are you happy to see me
give me five
okay Bosley now you've really earned a
place in the garage now okay that's it
wells are you going in the garage watch
come on
