got this right guys this is like bright
guys I actually like I'm like I don't
know what to say right now I know this
is a vlog and I'm a youtuber so I'm
supposed to talk but I'm sorry words
can't come out of my mouth Brian
hold on without saying what it is just
how do you think I feel right now like
no Brian God shop like here's key no
nervous okay
hold on so as you guys know okay you
know I follow Devin Booker eric bledsoe
I followed him on Twitter last night
you know Booker the homie greatest
player of all time Devin Booker he
tweets San Diego I'm just like oh maybe
he landed in San Diego so I shoot him a
DM I didn't expect him to reply I'll die
yo homie what are you doing in San Diego
and he replied and he was like we can
link up he's like we can meet up and
then he goes and then he goes like I
mean and then he goes most of the team
is here anyways bro and I said I had to
get on why folder like do you know Life
Alert and and and I was just like wait
no like there's no way so then I hit a
blood so because blood so retweeted that
tweet that's at San Diego and I was like
yo homie I already talked to that like I
just wanted to be nice like respectful
so I said I already talked to Devin
Booker last night he said it's cool we
linked up do you mind if I drop by and
say what's up and he said yes sir you
can drop by and I said I said okay well
you guys are busier than me you guys are
training so I'm working on your time
schedule just let me know when and where
what okay wait the first thing I do is
call my barber I said yo Tony I need an
emergency here could appointment please
and he goes oh I'm not in the shop today
blah blah blah so I can't get a hick
guys what Brian
hold on like what do you like what's
going on it's a dream
guys that Devin Booker and Eric but so
both said that I can go meet up with
them so right now I'm like pretty much
just waiting to find out where I'm gonna
meet up and I'm gonna go I don't even
know who else is there
book says like most of the team is there
let's go said he'll shoot me the address
to meet up in a bit what what in case
you didn't know like I'm a son span and
I kind of like the sun's bright okay
guys well okay that's my intro so in
case you didn't hear correctly
devin booker eric bledsoe most of the
sun's team landed in San Diego last
night because they're doing a little bit
of training look at my room
they're doing a little bit of training
and so you know just for the hell of it
I message them I didn't think they would
reply they both apply and they both said
we can link up no okay guys I don't know
what to do why should I cut my own hair
should I go take a shower like look out
oh my god finish editing my video look
I'll just eating a burrito editing my
video what Bryan I actually can't
believe I'm scared what am I supposed to
say
Bryan look guys this is how the
handshake is gonna be look this is
literally all the handshaking with me
but I think he's bled to our Booker hey
hey hey yeah I'm gonna get this gun out
of here what is ah ah
no guys I'm actually fucking I don't
know I don't know no guys I'm actually
so I can't wait I don't know what the
motion this is scared excited nervous so
fucking happy I don't know but I don't
care this is insane hi guys I'm Loki
tripping out because I couldn't get a
haircut and look at this
my hair is tragic but Bryan says Brian I
look good like I look okay to meet them
yes guys are overthinking it oh my god
Brian
the oh my Brian this is like when you're
finally having sex like there's what it
feels like
I'm just cheering hey guys wait this is
Bosley
oh my gosh like literally the people I
looked up to that I watch every single
day on TV that I support that I root for
guys okay I need to finish editing my
Wow
I don't know I just don't know guys you
won't believe it
no I'm meeting with Bledsoe and Booker
at four o'clock I swear to God blood
cells here too
I know I don't know yet let's go set up
I'll shoot you the address in a little
bit dad no I'm actually like I don't
know what like that I'm actually I don't
know what to do I don't know what to say
yeah I'll I'll tell them I'll talk to
them for a little I'm not going to
bother them because they're here for
training they're training in San Diego I
know that I'm actually like okay dad but
okay guys me and Brian are trying to
practice the handshake that I'm gonna do
this is a once in a life to like it's
this one don't hey what's up bro yeah
and then likes a lot yeah not like not
not this again not like four years ago
so not this one or not always be like
this like yeah like lean in okay I just
lean it like make shit like let the no
good whatsoever like that like let them
know that you're gonna do that like all
of them no we can imagine I go to the be
able to do I won't try to excel
oh god you be op not so oh my god but
yeah guys they're down here training put
in work so I'm not gonna bother I'm
honestly just gonna say what's up Bosley
you want to go yeah you want to go meet
air blood so they're here in San Diego
and Devin Booker yeah give me five
uh-huh
what was my reaction when I found out I
was literally about to cry okay guys I'm
about to go right now or but Bledsoe
just sent me the address
we're about to go turn up just joking
make me give back okay okay okay stop
stop stop stop I'm trying to do like
this little cool you know when you drive
and you see the freeway you know on the
vlog maybe speed up the fucking image no
no I am hyped guys but no I can't even
vlog right now I'm 10 minutes away I
can't I can't
I'm fucking excited and then the
destination is on your left
okay guys I'm waiting right here Vlad
said they'll be here any minute
oh shit I forgot to put lotion on
they're gonna shake my hands be like oh
this motherfuckers as she has fuck oh
shit I need to find him
those them yeah guys I'm just waiting I
just got here right now
but get me trying to play it off cool
look yeah guys I'm just waiting right
now so you know the sun's their whole
team should be here any second now you
know Devin booking area bud so so yeah
hey what's up really quick and ya know
go from there you know guys just imagine
nobody shows up oh it's just a prank
actually I wish that all my nerves and
butterflies can go away guys I'm
actually so nervous but I'm so excited
at the same time like this is honestly
the best day in my life
and I haven't even seen anyone like oh
my gosh
guys we're here the man himself eric
bledsoe
sup legs Brandon Knight we got the rest
of the team pulling up oh there's vendor
right there hey what's up it's Maya
let's go I don't know if you know me I'm
Brandon by the way expand not gonna meet
you
what's up look you are asked to meet you
oh you too good
well I'm cooking I'm so fucking every
time out but you gotta play it off you
know like I'm recording right now if you
don't worry guy or me here we book it
ultimate service friend right here huge
son I thought it something he live I
live right 15-20 minutes everybody -
you're right what's up girl I'm Brandon
nice to meet you everyone tweeted to me
and I'm just like okay I'll just hit a
mother father and fathers now whatever a
little bit at first I was like wait he's
got a piece take a position I book nice
to meet you nice to meet you too today
so forth yeah yeah I so here with what
will join immigrant has become night
Nigel it so we got Eric Bledsoe brother
I want everyone to follow him on
Instagram really quick what's your butch
installation underscore 32 is my name
Becker's my name is Nigel le GI he and
this my name is Gary le GI n I'm not
putting ret I broke this nice to meet
you also pulling over will watch your
videos instead of man they like my
pranks linemen would they like it they
like my praying why I just watched it
like three days ago
no luck it was pretty funny you'll thank
you looked at my watch every like breath
like my mother damn it I know my brother
came in if he tried to play down with
myself no Telecom player mom joke no but
I'm here with some homies really quick
initiative
so debug
hey you're letting me figure out thanks
for letting me come down I'm gonna be at
the summer leagues you guys anything I
got a number down from over you want a
bocce ball all right man a photo my job
pleasure meeting you
close it out
that would be Rho 2 dragon nice to meet
you
Monica come out yeah enjoy I'm not to me
too it was silly
I'm trying to go down to summer because
you guys go down to Vegas if any other
young older guns beautiful day
yeah Charlie don't like all the
beginning games are another thing thank
you I have fun
ah okay hold up hold up hold up let me
call myself really quick let me let me
get back to being Brandon so what bro
okay hold on I need a drive I need a
doctor so so okay you saw I'm going to
explain myself
I met Ronnie price Brandon Knight dragon
better marques Chris Devin Booker Eric
Bledsoe I had most conversation with
them blood cells brother chill dude
Nigel and Nigel and Eric were telling me
everybody so they were telling me which
ones are their favorite for you to find
they watch all they watch my videos dude
this is fucking I don't know what to say
bug no I don't know what to say everyone
give a Nigel Eric bless those brothers
follow on Instagram he's super cool oh I
can't fucking believe it like I'm a
stump I'm a stop right here guys hey why
are you putting the peace
her cheeks hurt look I'm not making fun
of you I'm just saying I was gonna cook
the peas for a dinner guys to close out
this vlog so like I just want to say
that it's been hours and I'm still
trying to process like what the hell
actually happened today and I just can't
I don't think I'm ever going to be able
to process this day I don't think I'm
like I'm never going to be able to
believe that this day was actually true
the people i watch every single day on
TV the people I look up to the people
I've tweet about people I purchased
jerseys of and that I literally talk
about all day to everybody I was right
there with them not only did I meet them
I hung out
then they asked me to go paintballing
but sadly I had something to do
involving my cousin so I couldn't stay
but I watched them for a little hung out
with them talked to all of them
God did like if you look up what dream
come true means this day would actually
be the definition like this is actually
the definition of dream cut you guys
know you guys know how much I talked
about not just yeah I talked about Devin
Booker and Eric buck so those are my two
boys those are my two favorite players
but the whole entire son's team I know
Basel you've had enough of me talking
about this but I have to I talk about
the sons every single chance I get to
anybody whether it's my mom
people who like sports people who don't
like sports my girlfriend I don't care
the sons are my life I love that teens
and here I was not at a game with them
not meeting them but hanging out with
them like like getting invited it was
just me with the team and I could have
said I could have my paintball with them
but I had things to do insane easily the
best day of my life
crazy saved my life like oh the fact
that like even bloodshot even watches my
video shout out shout out eric bledsoe I
don't even care best point guard in the
league bunker best shooting on the
league I don't even care anymore
I really don't oh end yes I met Brandon
Knight which was pretty funny because as
you guys know oh you know I'm not the
biggest Brandon Knight supporter of him
on the court but the way a player plays
basketball and who they are as a person
are two different things Brandon Knight
was really cool he was really nice
we were actually comparing cameras he
bought he had just bought a Sony just
like what I'm recording with right now
Sony I was joking around with them I was
like oh you about to start YouTube so
he's actually really cool really nice
guy I respect him as a person that has
nothing to do with what I think of him
as a basketball player he's actually
really chill he's really nice respect to
Brandon Knight and well guys I'm like
this smile is really is not going to be
able to get off my face like but yeah I
already know people are going to comment
or I wonder what you told Brandon Knight
oh did you want Brandon Knight baa baa
guys just because I don't like him as a
player on the Sun because I don't think
he fits this roster does not mean I hate
him as a person there's two different
things between how someone plays a spawn
how there are the person he's really
chill really sick dude I talk I talk
with blood so at night the most and then
I talk to Booker guys this is actually
insane like and then here to end my vlog
I'll give you guys a little sneak sneak
peek I linked up with a blood cells
brother Nigel got his number down and
we're planning a little something from
my channel I'm not going to tell you
guys what but let's just say that
involves some of the son's players and
involves blood cells brother and we're
on our way to doing big things for this
channel guys so oh and I want to thank
you guys I want to thank all of you guys
because if it wasn't for you guys none
of this would have been possible and you
know that sure I've been a huge fan sure
I watch all the games I haven't missed a
game in five years but if it wasn't for
you guys constantly tweeting our guts on
Devin Booker constantly tagging them and
everything oh do you know bruh waters
you know bruh waters none of this would
have been possible so thanks to you guys
for giving me the recognition to do this
guys wow this was a hell of a birthday
gift I'll never forget this day I will
never ever forget this day I'm gonna go
now and oh I told everybody I told
everybody even people who didn't know
who the hell Devin Booker glutes are
were people who didn't even know who I
was
ah guys I'm gonna go thank you so much
for watching and just remember like this
was a dream come true like guys actually
shout out to the whole entire son's team
because
you can be good at best all you can be
bad at basketball but a lot of people
don't know how you are off the court
that entire son team was super nice
super chill some of them didn't even
know who the hell I was and I can't went
up to them talk to them they were really
chill about it and they were like we
were just having conversation yeah they
were all really respectful really nice
really funny actually so shout out to
the sons not so great on the court but
great people off the court so shout out
to you guys that that's my family I
don't care what anyone says that's
family that's my second family right
there okay guys so as I'm editing the
vlog obviously I noticed there wasn't a
lot of vlog footage from me being over
there at the paintball place with them
here's why first of all let's not forget
how fucking nervous I was that I'm
actually meeting that that's already put
out there I was freaking nervous the
second like my first time meeting them I
don't want to walk all up in there with
a camera in their face like it's like
there's a professional basketball team
I'm lucky enough that they invited me
they even wanted me to go paintballing
with them but like I said I had
something to do back down there with my
cousins so I didn't want to like dude I
got some footage for you guys and I was
there for for a while we were talking
about we're talking about my youtube
I'll talk about linking up with them in
Vegas for the NBA Summer League like how
was that sunshine we were talking about
the draft talking about my videos I was
talking with a Bledsoe night and Booker
the most and I still said what's up to
everybody else like you guys saw
actually crazy crazy crazy crazy and
like I said I don't want to spoil it but
we're planning something from my channel
so if this wasn't enough vlog footage I
don't want to spoil the secret I don't
know when this won't be the last time
you're gonna be seeing them on my
channel so just remember that again the
whole Brandon Knight thing people are
gonna comment dude but you hate Brandon
Knight no I hate the way he plays
basketball and that we already have too
many guards so I want him to be traded
that has nothing to do with the way he
is as a person you act like I'm a walker
too but hey fuck you you know he's
actually really chill really nice and it
was just an honor and a pleasure to meet
all those players and I'll never forget
that moment but yeah I do apologize for
uh not getting that much vlog footage
for you guys all just there chillin we
were just talk
they were actually really interested in
the whole YouTube thing and I was really
interested in knowing how the drafts
worked like everything behind the scenes
we were talking about that like I said
we talked about Vegas and I was
surprised they knew some of my videos so
that was actually crazy it was legit
just like a hangout session Majan you go
and hang out with your friends I was
literally hanging out with with those
dudes so shout out to them like I said
they were all really chill all really
funny and it was a great time
also some people were like oh why didn't
you make a full video with them like a
challenger basketball video well the
only reason they were down in San Diego
was for training offseason work
offseason training so I didn't want to
bother them like that but like I said
trust me this isn't the last time you're
gonna be seeing them on my channel so
remember that
