got this
I can never ever find the right words
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels god Jackie
went to go pee
she has no idea that I used to get a
Philly cheesesteak I'm waiting for her
to get out look
I don't know where she doesn't know
where I'm at
guys look while I'm waiting for a Jackie
I just saw two fans I'm guessing they're
running up to me sorry they're gonna
kill me are there two fans what's up
guys you watch my videos oh really I was
like okay these people running up to
either they're gonna kill me or they
know exactly right there she doesn't
know I left her look I came to get food
hi you guys wanted to okay hold on let
me put the camera down okay say whatever
you want to the vlog Olivia she's my
sister she's your biggest fan Olivia my
biggest fan himself shout yourself out
Mario front light ball out of the park
doll feels he's gonna be looking for
something up against the lies this
literally my dream is that there's
actually my dream store oh my god
imagine if I had like a $300 gift card
to this store it's literally all about
swords oh my god has announced
officially the wheel get a professional
hockey team here in Las Vegas what we
don't know is then they work and there's
a lot of tutorial what's going out of
business my favorites all the make them
more fur gone and get the dramatic going
once the once the sons win 30 games in a
season on Sunday the Phoenix Suns
merchandise anyway be 23 wins doesn't
cut it man my 21st tomorrow I have party
belong to you hey my favorite thank you
from San Diego guys so kids Ramsey right
here it's brothers say what's up what's
going on guys guys I want you to say
thank you for your screen right here
we pull down we like we get our baggage
and he goes because oh there's a limo
driver I'm just like why where's this
where'd you come up with that so we're
about to get in a limo and wait where
did he go he's fucking Washington to
work gotta steal my dad bitch blue baby
look he has my bags all the way in the
front
she's not gonna waste on us - I don't
know if he wants a fucking area but so
Jersey I'm like basketball somewhere
that's all wrong if you want that you
can take it yeah guys we're about to go
to the hotel right now where are we
going Caesars Palace
hold up
welcome Brandon
it's his birthday tomorrow oh thank you
I don't think oh my god okay guys
where's the bottle debt we need the
bottle service tomorrow at midnight I'll
come of this will happen
guys there's our place Caesar's Palace
shit so big visually so Julius oh it's
right there I see the sign over there
when the Jews get destroyed
guys about to go check out the gym oh
babe why do you always look at your butt
in the mirror why can't I do well I'll
be the judge of that we're gonna check
the gym out but we're just cuz we're in
Vegas there's no days off well actually
no one said we're gonna work out where
you're gonna look at the gym
let's see
guys my girlfriend really has hot dog
legs babe I wanna eat your hot dogs and
the bun the buns watch out
happens when you try to be sexy when I
sit on the
Congrats guys we're getting married the
chapel hey Dave can we do the ceremony
now on the kill a whole bottle the
fucking rage I'm gonna funky here I know
what a great crowd another chapel where
is the one that has an extra room on the
side where no one can go in oh my god
this one this one's better holy shit
Fitness Center finesse Center
true this is the biggest hotel gym I've
ever seen in my life
what ever happened to the one room one
treadmill hotel gyms listen bike dude
babe now you want to work out just cuz
you saw the bike game cool alright
I just want to say thank you guys for
18,000 subscribers thank you oh you're
gonna have more about time this video
goes out then you can sit on me while i
benchpress i'm serious you know that
actually helps I saw it on Twitter like
I'm telling you guys a gym membership
right
now she wants to work out because she
found a game what kind of scene plugs I
know I swing guys is the only way to get
Americans to lose weight you put video
games on the fucking bucket got my got
my girlfriend's there's the only time I
ever seen her workout and it's close to
play we're in the dark we're about to
take a nap 6:30 p.m. nap babe 15 minutes
yeah oh here I'll just close the door
we're good like this Bay before you go
get food I almost forgot look I know
baby you're turning this into a trap
Hotel
okay she's turning this into a trap
Hotel yes because that's what I do to
you stay the night valet Oh kharkom so
on tonight is ramsey and his brothers
last day in Vegas so we're gonna hang
out with them for a little bit before
they go I think we're just going to walk
the strip or something but they're
leaving later tonight or tomorrow
morning so on Jackie's getting ready I'm
getting ready and we're going to go kick
it with them for a little bit tonight
guys my birthday is in three hours it's
9:00 p.m. right now in three hours I
turned 21
then yours already fell apart and I'm so
messy
every time I get it every time I get a
taper like here and the sides
I make Jackie feel it I like this
through up and beside it feels so sharp
like snakeskin on evening snakes gonna
sharp guys it's 102 102 degrees little
rants is wearing nothing else jeans and
it's fucking hot the wind is hot I'm
surprised the Sun is and now honestly I
swear it's the same 90 times oh no I'm
not the music
Oh
happy birthday to my boy no I'll call it
that all by the way guys Jessie slushy
right why would you go on Lyle tower
when you can drink back for him guys
thanks babe babe NBA Draft not just
tomorrow in 19 hours someone said why is
the periscope titled oMG because oh my
god 19 more hours till the NBA Draft
where are we going to get food cover
dressed
you guys are making him take a shot
before he goes to sleep - I'm trying I'm
trying to go to bed I'm like oh baby we
should just get something to eat and
then I'm gonna go to sleep she's like no
you need to take shots before you go to
bed check out so all the Latinos are
gonna watch this you guys already know
what the call was one two or three and
though she had that one oh that was like
my mom and maybe your head is so round I
really want to dribble it like a
basketball
oh my god my head literally looks like
it's literally a basketball guys it's
been like ten minutes and we can't
decide what we want
I literally shove my hand down Jackie
shirt I just grabbed her boots like like
I thought nobody was looking and then
back girl over there oh wait I keep why
I keep trying to zoom in on front camera
she starts clapping and she says yeah
woo and I said she probably felt like I
just made Jackie right now and I'm
taking out the food if I can touch her
boobs
babe no hold on don't try to clean up
now guys we've literally no babe okay I
didn't put it there I cleaned all
yourself look how messy it we've
literally been here for freaking we've
only been in the room for a total like
one hour as it's like 3:00 in the
morning right now it's 3:00 in the
morning right now we just got chicken
tenders and fries we're about to eat
oh stop using me go put it back guys
chicken wings fries we we really no we
really don't go on dates anymore listen
stop trying to use me for alcohol now
that I'm 21 stop how you never take me
out on date something something guys you
know stop don't you know throwing knife
don't throw the handle yeah exactly
hey oh okay I didn't throw hard no no
you do it hard
okay stop well you're not getting
chicken tenders war no no no no there's
no war there's no oh you can't there's
food on the bed wait why the fuck is the
food on the bed why the phones you had
so round hey give me it back
give it back to me okay I'm calling the
cops for underage I'm serious
no no no no back ma'am what do you say
don't be a grandpa okay that's why I say
babe this is what wait turn the camera
guys it's my birthday I don't even care
because there's 14 more hours
what what's so funny no cuz after p-m 14
more hours till the NBA Draft what are
you doing it's not good that if I don't
zoom in I'm on to me I said it's my
brother I could do whatever I want
so are you doing I'm on the bed about
let's put on this okay five more hours
so the draft
Eduardo Jerry answer me when I talk
about the draft
guys its NBA draft day what time but my
shirts inside out okay guys well my
shirt
wait it's backwards and it okay fuck
this my shirt is backwards and
inside-out I don't even know how but
anyways look I know 1214 p.m. 4 hours
and 46 minutes until the NBA Draft I've
literally if you've been watching my
vlogs for for the past couple months
then you've known that literally in
every single vlog almost every vlog I've
mentioned to me about the NBA draft game
I've been waiting for the NBA Draft for
like I don't even care that it's my
birthday right now NBA draft day I keep
refreshing my phone for rumors there's
so many rumors right now like my gosh I
literally woke my girlfriend up at like
7:00 something and we went to sleep at
like 4 o'clock and I woke up at like
7:00 my babe and me draft and like I
don't know guys I can't wait like I've
been waiting so long for this moment
guys
it's 1:30 p.m. and we haven't a anything
we're starving so we're trying to go to
Raising Cane's and i'm trying to request
- Oberon they're all take like there's
no rubriz around in the area and there's
a big line for the taxi so we're not
trying to go there it's how much like
100 degrees
300 degrees right now no birds too far
to walk and the taxi line is huge and
the NBA Draft is in three and a half
hours
babe oh my gosh so then guys I'm trying
to eat but that's actually impossible
because my girlfriend just told me she
literally just told me that she said
okay babe while you watch the NBA Draft
can I go to sleep why the hell would you
go to sleep in any dress there's the bed
everyone's like I know but how I Wow I'm
actually ashamed she really just said I
want to go to sleep during the NBA Draft
she's gonna miss that dinning in an
inning
that's only as I watch the drought guys
we're not outdoors
what
but look guys
to the I forgot you're not Bosley your
eyes don't spread apart that much that
is sit on his face guys
what's his name cardigan hey guys we're
on the hunt for margaritas look baby
says Salvador I want to be Poseidon's
it's a very actually I would hate to go
up any yeah no one can go on a trip with
us we're saving you like a heart like
like you guys don't want to even finding
a place to eat actually eating it just
it's so like quick struggle no guys
listen before I show you look before I
show you what this is you could just
tell by my face wait I keep trying to
zoom in on front camera she found the
makeup store babe hurry up it's starting
all right hurry it's starting buddy
hield is on the screen god I don't even
care about the drafts I don't even like
watching it the only reason I like it
it's cuz I like hearing dinning in in in
in in in baby we're gonna hear that 60
times tonight every pig they say Dana
Nene
please tell their goals please demo his
best friend yes babe I have to shower in
the draft like near the end of the draft
but it's not over yet so I forced my
girlfriend to stay outside and watch it
and let me know what's going on babe
so who didn't get paid while I was in
the shower no okay I'm coming out what
I'm listening to from here babe those
people are idiots I'm smarter than then
the sun's traded that pig to Sacramento
they're wrong okay guys now that I'm
finished watching the draft this happen
stay calm now that I've been watching
the draft it's time to go out for my
birthday
look guys I'm actually dressed up for
the first time in my life I'm flexing
with a watch the size of a penny um oh
yeah we're going out I'm only dressed in
honor of the sun's having actually a
really good draft and they make babe how
long did I spend in the room trying to
take a picture
for years I was in the bathroom trying
to take a selfie for Instagram for my
21st birthday I've been wanting to post
one for like hours okay not literally
but a super long time
okay fine literally and then and then I
thought about Mike wait why would I post
my 21st birthday picture in a bathroom
so now we're down here my girlfriend is
starving I'm starving too but I keep
stopping Edward to try to take a picture
so now I know
hey should I do a selfie or a body
picture look I've been done with this
for fucking years but I just keep it for
the picture do a body one guys the
hardest thing in the world like harder
than graduating college and finding a
job is to find which picture to post on
Instagram I swear because I'm used to it
okay guys now we're trying this I didn't
like the mirror so now I'm others and
wait for it to be clear and then my
girlfriend I'm gonna have her take the
picture of me standing right in the
middle what it's fully clear so it's
just me in there
you know I'm sitting here about to eat
my meal and it just hit me like I'm old
like not in a good way like I started
noticing like my back's gonna start to
hurt now and like I can't go to the gym
anymore I'm 21 serious I can't do those
kid things anymore I can't like yeah my
retire I'm have to retire soon like 21
is look at the wrinkles in my
I'm not going to be able to do all the
kids do like play sports and workout and
so oh just waiting for the back pain to
start oh no my hairline is gonna start
receding so so a hand massage will cure
my anger if you wanna cure my anger
needs to do back massage
yeah back massage will kill my anger now
I'm at the ATM
Wow
a dollar charge an $8 ATM fee I'm never
coming back to Vegas again $8 ATM fee I
because I've literally been reading and
B articles for ever since I went down to
get the snacks literally like over an
hour and a half straight I read
happy birthday boy look at my t-shirt 21
happy birthday
enjoy your time and be safe and Bosley
say happy birthday to say happy birthday
there you go buzz Lee okay enjoy your
time
babe what the thirty-fourth pick in the
2016 NBA Jam phoenix unselect tyler ulis
