I got this guy's it's literally 12:10
it's past midnight I'm editing two
videos at once and recording one for my
second channel for my NBA channel
editing two videos at once and recording
one for my MBA channel let me
guys holy crap I'm the biggest idiot in
the world
look my suitcase look at this I just
woke up guys I need to fucking oh my god
okay so the date my flight we're flying
in a couple hours I need to leave to the
airport so we're getting picked up to go
to the airport by the uber at 1:00 look
at this nada nothing I just got back
from Walgreens I just bought okay fine
you can see I bought some candy skittles
M&Ms but I also bought the things I
needed to buy just now just now but wait
before I pack I need to make a video for
my NBA channel so uh guys I'm gonna
frickin rush right now no one's ever
been more of a hey Bosley I put stuff
off to the last minute so bad I
procrastinate so bad no matter what it
is and no one's worth I take the crown
for that no one's worse at that than me
so at least I'm good at something guys
so I'm editing one video uploading
another video still nothing and while
I'm making my video for my NBA channel I
get a notification that Derrick Rose has
been traded white so he's been traded to
the Knicks so now I need to make another
video on my NBA channel before I start
packing up guys my mom came to say early
good bye
a nice a happy early birthday really
happy birth and he saved make Abaza was
never they hate hey well tomorrow he'll
wait mom just open my suitcase no just
open it I'm scared
we have enough I know Michael okay mom
guys this is for sure for sure the worst
headache I've ever had in my life
between yesterday and this morning
yesterday and today eight videos that
I've edited rendered and scheduled to
upload for my MBA channel for my main
channel I am never ever doing this again
okay guys it's literally 144 almost 145
our flight leaves at 3:30 all right I
just finished packing
Jackie stills in here so I'm not taking
all the blame myself she still isn't
here she was supposed to be here at 1:00
we were supposed to get that Oh brah one
o'clock or maybe 1:15 it's almost 2:00
I'm bout a request to over right now our
flight literally leaves in an hour 45
guys if we miss our flight the only
positive Alice I'm vlogging it for you
guys so fuck why do I save everything
for the last minute look I couldn't fit
the hot cheetos into the fucking luggage
so I have to go without the hot cheetos
but yeah so wait I need to request the
over right now Jackie's on her way and
we're fucking dumb we're screwed
hopefully we make it on time 3:30 flight
and let's go hopefully there's no
traffic girls we're actually screwed
can't forget this every time we said a
hotel I bring it because I like to act
like the hotel's my home yeah I can't
tell you garage for one like three four
days are you gonna miss me fat ass I'm
gonna miss you Bosley Bosley I love you
Bobby wish me a happy birthday bro bro
come on don't be rude wish me happy
birthday all right fine thanks Bosley
I'll remember that
mm-hm I made you a whole vlog for your
third birthday
there's my 21st and you won't say shit
all right I don't forget Bosley never
forgive but I don't forget and maybe
I'll forgive you the whole reason we're
late is finally here come here babe of
the uber is gonna be here like two
minutes late babe
oh I'm film the shorts guys the uber
uber drivers outside and he already
called me and said to fucking hurry up
but me and Jackie had to do a photo
shoot really quick so to Vegas it's
gonna be 21st birthday leave your money
home I took up my money and my card yeah
but um I was gonna say our flight leaves
at 3:30 is it good or is it a little
late right now or no way the road to
Berlin what's two o'clock so to be like
but I would want to date you more if you
looked like that
it's that nerdy sexy look with the
brakes there's a dying
yeah and with the flannel - uh-huh
sloggers life
if
we don't have my
they were to make it over
it's been like 20 minutes of the drive
and I just noticed
I wish to know actually
you guys I don't know why she likes when
I put my yeah you do
guys hot dog hot dogs or legs
she said she says can you put your gum
on my knee and eat it on and I say babe
that's such a weird
now she's switching up for the vlog
don't wipe it
just survived then why are you scared
cause my girlfriend is scared to fly
what are we gonna do to me like this
okay and I Joy's gonna be like when
you're having a rainy day
I'm gonna actually squeeze your head
babe this is our flight Virgin America
I'm over to it huh yeah I'm a tourist
stop I can't say the word tourist in an
airport they're gonna think I said
terrorist guys how much you want to bet
they're gonna stop and they're gonna
triple check me just cuz I Middle
Eastern guy so I'm at home right now
editing this vlog let me just give you a
little insight before I go on so you
know how I said the flight leaves at
3:30 the flight literally leaves the
ground at 3:30 I don't know why I
thought like or we felt like oh three
thirties when they let people on or
three thirties maybe when they closed
the doors no so we got to the airport
like at two forty to forty-five and
we're like oh we still have like 45
minutes we're just taking our time you
know we're walking around trying to look
for food no they fucking stopped
boarding people like 30 minutes before
the flight so like at 3 o'clock just
keep watching guys keep watching I
really don't know what my dumbass was
thinking oh flight leaves at 3:30 oh
maybe that means that the doors that
they stopped letting people on at 3:30
or maybe that means they open the doors
for the plane at 3:00 I don't know guys
guys Jackie printed my ticket from home
and she printed me in-flight
entertainment with Sudoku babe lets you
do that first of all no I have to worry
my first word is that you just asked for
McDonald's okay that's my first Dory
and second Sudoku is only for people
over the age of 40 and it gives you okay
34 and it gives you the worst headache
ever every time I try to play Sudoku I
just end up having a fucking heart
attack and the worst headache in the
world
no wait McDonald's is definitely not
this way no we have to go to McDonald's
oh we go to McDonald's in there huh okay
let's go okay guys we're on the huh from
McDonald's I'll give you a massage on
the plane we can both go no slap them
together guys do they let two people go
in the plane bathroom together or no hey
why have you watched that part okay
listen guys this is where all the
security is going to say we're coach
okay I want to be a coach when I grow up
anyway
this is where the security's going to
stop in be like so we heard your Middle
Eastern so just just cuz I was Middle
Eastern they made me take my shoes off
yeah I'm serious
just cuz I'm just joking up babe where
oh my okay no more makeup
no more mate and I tell her listen I say
babe oh my god you're so beautiful
without makeup says Dave stop lying and
now look what happens plays yeah they
didn't make they didn't even make a big
deal about me going through security I
think it's because I look Hispanic not a
Middle Eastern babe babe where are we
getting food
we need to go find honor to ask the
worker that works at a different
restaurant hey do you know where
McDonald's is guys they don't have a
McDonald's here surprisingly they have
jack-in-the-box McDonald's twin brother
or sister what okay so now we're trying
to find you guys look my girlfriend just
enrolled in a school called sexy
University like she's a school girl
baby you're so hot guys the freaking
worker sent us the wrong way and now we
have to go with she literally sent it to
the place where we started so now we
have to go through the security all
again so it's almost three o'clock at
this point when the lady somehow
confuses jack-in-the-box to fucking it
like I don't know how the hell she led
us that way I don't know what she
thought we said when I said
jack-in-the-box but this one's almost
three o'clock it's 255 and in our head
were like aw man we have to go through
security again but we still have till
3:30 no no no that is not when they stop
boarding and it's not at 3:30 but we
didn't know that what the hell she said
yeah go that way we come and it's
literally done the same
and the lines way longer no that's a
different game wow that lady right now
we don't have time to eat a lot of time
to go to Jack in the bugs we were
already late and now we're doing this
all over again so now we need to rush to
even make our flight and maybe I should
put the camera away now some guys I'm
still on the hunt for food my girlfriend
says to just go look there are T people
are already boarding babe I'm hungry but
I'm gonna go get food really quick okay
so you saw like the seats around the
plane and the line there was no one
really sitting where they board and the
line was really short to get on the
plane you know I'm used to the gate
being like where before you board filled
with people on the seats and ly being
super long so I'm just like oh hey we're
early like you know people still haven't
even came and everything my thinking was
oh there's still 30 minutes till we
board so no one's even you know getting
on the line is really sure everyone is
just now starting to get on no the
reality was that everybody was sitting
in those chairs and the line was super
long but they already got on and in my
head I'm like okay you know I got thirty
minutes to go get food let me go get it
really quick and get on no that was not
the kick no no hey are you gonna stay
here or come
oh babe I can run I'm wearing brushes
are you gonna say go hurry guys no don't
go inside you see okay guys I'm going to
go get food and go back on the fly after
this is how you know you got a good
boyfriend there's how you know you gotta
wait they should keep looking for that's
me
there's how you know you got a good
boyfriend she didn't even have to tell
me what she wanted from jack-in-the-box
cuz I already know
either that means you have a good
boyfriend with good memory or you just
eat so much fucking fast food I made it
jack in the crack oh never mind I want
pizza I'm getting pizza fuck Jack never
mind they don't sell single slices so
yeah
hold on guys they know tell them I'm
coming
and don't okay big guy
so my girlfriend said that they just
made the last call and I told them I
told her to tell them to wait for me and
they I told her I'm gonna run over there
we still haven't gotten the food yet my
guys honestly hold on watch this
okay so I just ordered the food and I
paid for it
but what time to get it I don't know why
I thought that the flight leaving at
3:30 men that I can go on the plane at
3:30 but that's absolutely not the case
so yeah I'm not to go right now hold on
guys they're gonna leave without me guys
I need to call my girlfriend she just
texted me saying they're leaving down to
her yet
because I had I bought the food and then
you called me think oh my god they're
gonna leave and then I couldn't get the
food god I paid $12 12 for a
jack-in-the-box and I don't have it but
it's charged on my card so baby we're
scared - I'm terrified of flying
my girlfriend scanning it James is
buckling crazy belt buckle
see what happens when you make me sit in
the middle bed you're supposed to put it
this way
no hold on wait first let me get a good
view of here oh we're not in the sky yet
I wanted to give you of the sky guys
such a liar that told jack I need to get
on
it's literally been like stay here do
the next
that's when I ran from jack-in-the-box
and now I've been sitting here for like
15 minutes and the doors are still open
and people are still coming in God if I
miss an NBA trade rumors young passenger
young Iran org Nick Young because if I
miss if I miss the NBA trade movement
Scioscia Suns a mom on the farm actually
barging through the window and jumping
off they I'll hire you for when it goes
up in Italy Dominique Angelina or
Angelina
Dominator are you on board
I'm a NASA worker if they allow a male
and female to go in the bathroom would I
get kicked out all right
like you already made plans yesterday
they don't be scared because there's my
best advice if equipment they've done
Hey and then you're supposed to smile
like this like babe you mean skate
my vision of the takeoff double-check
please make sure you thumbs are securely
found interceded as a purpose games room
leave each of the windows to be neutral
find the reading line an airman and
employment setting comment that my hair
seat estimated flight time is by one
hour to Las Vegas at this time we invite
you to sit back relax so this is what
your claim would be is literally your
plane
or more
we're only going this way sir
guys imagine why my phone is on airplane
mode for one hour the biggest
blockbuster trade in NBA history happens
all each sophist
on a play with my face
believing oh my god they
I Drive faster a bit I Drive faster than
literally on the way
my son
to the hospital
I think it good
no you're not
and she goes whoo fireball to the check
idea
because you know the song the left hand
is flying
mmm
literally on a plane eating
imagine if snakes on the plane habits
just
guys love
if you take a snapchat you better say oh
I'm so scared don't make it seem like
the age of euros
chips and salsa
chucky cheese such good camera quality
oh now she's got her
it does we got chips and salsa cuz we
didn't get jack-in-the-box we expected
like you know when you go to jellies and
they bring the whole tray and appetizer
forcing her to do me a QA of NBA while
all the fire first she had to ask about
the state of us uh then she had to ask
me why the Bulls traded their growth and
now asked
so now I have to talk about the Jeff T
to Indiana trade okay
so Jeff Teague 28 years old
hold on guys I need takes literature
off-camera
nice play the concept of trading up in
the draft and that makes me probably to
kill me
that she had a headache
the dryer grade
all right
- don't be intimidated
or to say either acrylic
the defector
get the trap
and I'm super annoying but
literally straight up desert yeah
they said it's closed also 110 degrees
on you man
how do you mean
my girlfriend's dying
I know
we didn't
drugs
guys were on a roller coaster
that we have
okay without the land baby - bumpy
landing
that's later about
maybe broke my legs
i won
they research a pussy okay
oh my god
because I've heard the stories of what
the people are doing labor
yeah okay gun I need a cellphone ago I
need a so full ago I thought okay
come on schoolgirl cute schoolboy q
Oh
Ramzi the homie the homie moved us up
with the hotel is actually picking he's
picking us up what slots slots in Vegas
Airport so they're sluts and bigoted and
there's no shit because I'll hurt me no
I don't okay guys this is how you know
the Vegas find the right words there's
no way this is real life there's no
telling you're the right girl so I can
only say that it feels right
