I got this
Warriors and Cavs game 7 for I already
know using the word that they made game
7 and father day for a reason to ruin
100k for you the good father days good
good ok here the first year just for
attendance s : say I don't know why
doesn't say Golden State but San
Francisco in the colors so there's the
first game turnaround that no yeah
reactionary Oh tonight's game hmm for
that was I look this is my bathroom
he's got lunch on ESPN 1 beige uh all
must say I'm gonna play a little to kill
time for Game seven I'm telling you guys
I can't wait I'm honestly more excited
than Steph or LeBron are themselves like
I can't wait I'm hyped all I asked for
please Cavs
please Warriors no blow out I want to
watch a good interesting game I want to
watch a close game I want to see when it
comes down to it I want to see close
game two minutes left in the fourth
quarter I want to see when it comes down
to it which stars are gonna crumble
under pressure and which stars are gonna
show out so I can't wait one more hour
us I've been counting down let's go guys
Kevin Love and Harrison Barnes both
scores like in the first three or four
minutes of this game and I'm honestly
like I mean like I don't know what I'm
watching Kevin Love and Harrison Barnes
both scored in the first court like I
don't know if I'm oh my god here some
boards oh yeah that's more like Harrison
Barnes I don't know if I'm scared or
shelter maybe there's a dream I don't
know but they both scored in the first
quarter it's crazy affiliate reaction
it's game game 7
when was the last time we got a reaction
from Bravo days blue t-shirt and an NBA
game reaction you know this is typical
bro Wallace right here
okay so right now the Cavs old dream on
for three
it's dream on fucking is he a greatest
shooter maybe history 6 for 7 from 328
fucking points in the third quarter
Jesus so the Cavs are out by 2 with 2
minutes ago in the third honestly these
last two minutes are gonna decide this
game these last two minutes heading on
these last two minutes heading into the
fourth quarter are deciding this game
LeBron Warriors ball and Livingston OH
tie game literally I go down to get my
camera Cavs are up by 7 I come back up
at the tie games
I need cookie God oh that's what I want
to say it honestly Kyrie Irving has been
better than Steph Curry this series and
as crazy as that sounds it's not even
debatable like you can't even try to
debate Steph Curry over Kyrie Irving in
these past seven games as surprising and
crazy as it sounds because I know me too
if you told me before the series that
Kyrie Irving would outplay Seth Curry I
would think you're crazy but honestly at
this point reciting them debate Kyrie
Irving over Seth Curry in these in this
series in these past seven games Kyrie
is cooking like you know the fucking
stove downstairs in the pan that's what
Kyrie has been doing this whole series
cooking but does not matter which
individual play player is better than
another individual player because
there's one trophy and that goes to the
better team tie game it's almost a
fourth quarter this is literally what
NBA fans die for this is what we live in
died for close
Game seven of the NBA Finals
after this game there's no NBA for
months we're in for a treat guys we are
in for a treat
oh my god where's future at every single
game of the series has been a
double-digit game this is the first
close game we're getting hopefully you
guys if the Warriors win
I don't think Seth is Finals MVP you got
to give it to either draymond or clay if
Barnes makes us hearing some boards
actually scored Harrison Barnes
so Heat I guess now he's only a s before
he was asked like a SS but after he made
that three now he's just asked a s no
but in all honesty I've read a bunch of
articles and rumors that Harrison Barnes
is getting a max contract over twenty
million dollars a year this summer
whoever gives him a max contract please
someone start a poll to take that team
out of the NBA to not let them play any
more games in this association please if
you give Harrison Barnes twenty three
million dollars a year you're not
playing the NBA anymore as a whole team
you're done here it is fourth-quarter
headed gonna say up one okay guys
twelve minutes left I'm gonna just go
ahead and predict 97-95 Cavs win I don't
know 97 Cavs where is 95 guys Kevin Love
and Harrison Barnes are literally like
you know how everyone's asks or at least
mine does has like two as cheeks like
one cheek on each side Harrison Barnes
is one of them and Kevin Love is the
other one
Kevin loves getting twenty too many
millionaire and Barnes is about to get
the same paint and that's just a
disgrace it's a disgrace but anyways I
begged before this game I haven't prayed
in like 20 years and there's the first
time I prayed I prayed to actually I
pray every time the Suns are about to
lose but that never works they just lose
whatever but I prayed to the basketball
gods I said please for Game seven can we
just get a close grind it out game
LeBron Kyrie
I don't even call Kevin Love a superstar
anymore he's a star clay
Deb I want to see when it comes down to
it the biggest game of the year the
biggest stage of them all I want to see
when it comes down to it who crumbles
under pressure and who shines under
pressure that's what I want to see which
is why I beg for a close game and that's
what I got so I'm hyped
what is it right now oh my god Kyrie is
going off guys why the hell is iman
shumpert the lunch lady in playing in
crunch time why
holy shit draymond has 30 imagine if
figured all made that type of layup
again and draymond has 30 on only 10 for
13 shooting up okay so you know how uh
Kevin Love and Harrison Barnes on my ass
cheeks well let's not forget to make
room for my asshole that's KITT that's
uh jr. Smith jr. you fucking I don't
even want to look at what he shot from
through this game because I only want to
see you I swear curry loves when
Thompson guards in Tristan Thompson
obviously not clay curry always shakes
in Cleveland is so close to witnessing
the championship yet so far it's in both
of their fingertips Cleveland and golden
safe and guys I love LeBron but there's
five minutes left in the fourth and the
dude hasn't even taken 20 shots in the
game he's only taken 19 shots
LeBron why you should have taken over 30
shots in this game 83 to 87 five minutes
left guys LeBron legit has gray hairs in
his beard from playing with Kevin Love
and Iman Shumpert all season he legit
grew gray hairs in his beard from
playing with those two one-point game
five minutes left I can't do this I
can't curry Oh curry turns it over but
the mouth guard back in the fucking
mouth
LeBron if you take a three i'ma kill you
drive it to the hoop he's taking the
three I knew it and he makes even
fucking made it oh my god
a bran
tie game for minute four and a half
minutes left to win come on table blonde
Amanda this way dad you know I picked
Cavs by two before the game started yeah
I did so I said 97-95 I swear I gave I'm
gonna miss the flip tie game my dad's
actually gonna have a heart attack he's
too old for this clay turn around
miss wait curry didn't throw his mouth
guard at the fan after that I'm
surprised too your score prediction well
all the time overtime
Oh Mike headed make extra pig down then
uh whatever is by five okay we'll see
dad dad can you breathe yeah but that's
you scared to watch the rest father go
on the couch on the couch King James
with the triple double but can he get
the win
oh my god why is that LeBron taking
every single shot at this point or at
least Kyrie why's Kevin Love taking any
shots surprise Green missed that one
LeBron Bosley Bosley Bosley Bosley
Bosley dad must be you fondly come on
LeBron
no no no no no no no LeBron
yeah yeah Bosley no one has been scoring
defense tying doubt the past two-three
minutes
no one scoring tie game with one minute
this is literally what everybody would
have asked for no way oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god dad bye guys
oh my god they don't need a three all
why
why it's curry
I mean hurry then hurry you did not need
a three there's a half a minute left
Kyra Kyra unit nobody Paco go now it
goes off
Kairi it was not warriors because they
don't want to championship
while bran LeBron Oh Oh step I don't get
why the hell he took that three I
seriously don't
that's it
Congrats LeBron LeBron just one number
three LeBron just one number three oh my
god
Bosley you guys I'm gonna leave this
short and simple short and simple
congratulations to LeBron James he
deserved it that's it that's almost say
he deserved this third ring that is all
I'm going to say down 3-1 to come back
against the best right um LeBron James
you deserved it that's it you cannot you
can't hate on LeBron James right I'm
done good so you know like I'm not
trying to take credit for being like a
psychic or like claiming that I could
tell the future or something but I'm a
fucking psychic and I could tell the
future because before the NBA finals
started if you look at my Twitter I
tweeted Cavs in seven before the series
started on my NBA channel which is down
below in the description I made a whole
video and my prediction was Cleveland
Cavaliers in seven games and what just
happened yeah you could call me that so
Raven I am I am The Raven backstory
I am Raven Baxter Kyrie Irving / Steph
Curry Kyrie Irving was a better
basketball player than Steph Curry this
series and that's not even debatable
honestly and you want to know what else
isn't debatable LeBron James is the best
basketball player on this planet and
that never changed no matter what Steph
Curry did this whole season or last year
Seth Curry is the best shooter on this
planet and probably the best shooter in
NBA history but LeBron James is the best
basketball player LeBron James is a
better player and is the best basketball
player in the NBA today and in the whole
world today that's it
Bosley stop
