got this guy's it's time for a prank so
yeah my brother had bought this bomb
earlier for a plane for the smoke shot
like a couple months ago we're gonna put
it to you so how about a prank where my
brother's snitches on me for trying to
take a bong and some weed through the
airport so are you gonna snitch on me
yeah hey I need you to like guys so
here's what's going to happen I'm going
to Vegas tomorrow and I'm packing my
stuff right now and like my mom keeps
asking you know do you need anything do
you need help the pack and I'm just like
no I got it so I'm gonna pretend to be
talking with a friend and be like bro I
don't know how to get the loot through
the airport I'm flying tomorrow morning
and Brian gonna snitch on each he's
gonna go to my mom and dad in a room
right now and he's going to say mom I
think I overheard Ben and talk about
Powerball like Baba so and tell them
first listen through the door I wanna
keep the conversation going so don't
tell him to go to the room so I'm a my
mom dad are gonna put their ear to the
door and you know I'm doing the bow up
like I really want to take this food so
I can smoke see how this goes H D'Angelo
Russell hey I'll tell you what to do it
all
okay guys I'm headed to the backyard
right now try to find something that
looks like weed it doesn't even have to
look exactly like weed because I'm gonna
flush it down the toilet and I'm not
gonna try to let my mom see so as long
as it looks a little I'll know a little
green like you know what I mean as long
as it looks a little like it I'm not
gonna let my mom or dad see it Bosley
stool sample cup so I can put it in guys
I'm fucking nervous like what am i mom
and dad gonna think I'm trying to take a
bong and some marijuana through the
airport like tomorrow so fill this up
and let's see how this goes guys oh shit
we don't do no stems we don't go stems
around here no stems in our weed
hello I'm gonna try to get more okay
guys so I got a bong lighter I dropped
into fake whatever
okay hold on I'm gonna put the camera
right there okay okay and I'm gonna text
Brian right now - yo lo bro snitch on me
really quick and I'll pretend to be
talking on the phone over the phone i'ma
just listen guys I'm actually so fuckin
scared
okay guys and I think it's best to just
leave the bond pretty visible because
that way they can just see it right away
guys oh my god
I honestly think my mom's gonna freak
out way worse than my dad that's always
how it works and no I'm actually fucking
nervous but we have to do this
all right guys it is time to go snitch
on my brother for trying to sneak we eat
and a bong in an airport um I was going
to the bathroom and I heard Brendan
talking with his friend on the phone and
he said something about um we eat and a
bomb like sneaking out on the airport in
the airport what I swear he's talking to
his friend right now but I was like
don't barge in right away cuz I don't
know for sure no no I just don't know
what sneaking like something into the
airport I heard we know yeah but like
don't like I say listen first because I
don't want to like it'd be wrong but I
just heard
let's start this get on the phone with
my fake friend and do this bro but like
how am I gonna sneak weed on an airplane
it's not like it's airport security is
fucking crazy bro bro what do you mean I
won't get caught like well yeah I don't
plan on getting caught but obviously I
got a ton of weed I got some other stuff
too some pills and everything a bong and
I'm with my girl like I'm not trying to
get embarrassed what's like yeah I've
seen the fucking shows of drug smuggling
and they get caught and they fucking go
to jail and all this shit okay what
let's just say I do get caught then what
what's gonna happen jail time fucking
fine I don't care about a fine but jail
time bro I have weed pills I have a
bunch of shit like they got the X I
can't just put it in my luggage they
have the x-ray shit when you put your
luggage through the thing this isn't
even coming with me on the plane this is
going on its own yeah you're telling me
I'm not gonna get caught why should I
trust you you're just a guy I bought the
weed off of your the plug that's it bro
I don't know I have a ton of weed other
shit how am I gonna get this on the air
like through the airport airport
security is fucking crazy bro it's it's
it's MIT it's drugs
you cannot smuggle drugs I don't care it
like I'm trying to get drugs on an
airplane then what then I get caught
then well I go to jail while happens to
my girlfriend what about my family I go
to jail then one
I can't just bro it's a bond weed okay
yeah lighter and eye drops I don't care
but the pills and all that hold on bro
hold on I'm gonna go really quick hold
on hold on yeah bruh hand it's my friend
it was Jackie look she just text me
saying why'd you hang up new Toby Maya
we're going to Vegas tomorrow I know
Mike a moment did maja come with it but
we it's not drugs nothing to somebody
about jail an airport estar Han cuz he
got caught
mom it's Angie Jackie just texted me
right now she said oh why Domingo my
friend Brandi go my friend got caught
when he tried to go he was tell me what
happened when he got caught he went to
the airport and he got caught Joe why
don't I tell you all this whoa like no
every Marty I swear to God that the mob
bark with the flesh me Lou he went to
jail no no no you are gonna happen to
the pie bring okay thanks a lot am i
lucky little cuz yeah that's not mine
Wow yours everything is not you it's not
it's not my joy I don't even what are
you doing I love you girl other stupid
idiot no I know
masters caliber but shallow where's this
Daniel no why is that huh hey more yeah
I know who is this then why not right I
know why you put things what you read me
to take yeah then you get cards and then
go to girl I wasn't really gonna take it
look out all my clothes now they're not
value we about your clock way I am I am
I am gonna take it it's there's nothing
more you made me throw it away
you made me do it no I got home and dad
I mean are you the cake it's my birthday
which lesson you're going to Venice for
fun
hold on the pills I won't take but let's
just say I take the wheat how am I gonna
get caught on your second witness tell
me your name dammit opened a unit yonder
you worried about getting caught or
getting fucking no hold on let me go
challenges you think - that was before
how many people smuggle drugs in what
percentage it cause it's literally to
Vegas one hour away I'm not gonna get
caught I did not get done what you gonna
do a smoke we know it you're not gonna
make it your birthday
no just now okay I won't take it I want
to take it you won't take it I said I
will take it what's so bad okay jaim√©
look so bad go get help Brandon okay
well now what are you gonna take out the
trash everybody can I trust I thought
it'd be hotter versus no Whitney Truman
oh okay no you know mapa palsy pay for
the weed $35 I think in the trash okay
go buy new one I'm off to get the one
from the trash but I need to be more
toxic even do you and I are you and Ron
you don't get some before your heart but
listen to me first of all first of all
first my friend said it's not jail time
it's a fine Oh am i talking about 21 min
Donna are you why don't you get water
Mobile I turned 21 and reason you're
hidden you make me you make you put this
thing with your clothes yeah
I know it's Yuri opposite what are you
fucking see Jason look it's another
gauge why first of all Bosley to
infection and keep yelling there's
nothing more shame on you shame our on
our trust to you mom hi Bob Holly
DeCarlo oh my god listen yeah I know fat
actually allowed me how am I still going
to Vegas you know what yes yeah your
clothes and get the fuck out of the
house not to Vegas get out of guess go
Bobby over here you don't smell the
wheelage okay no it's not Mindy I am I
swear to god I'll lick even defeat weed
Alba Baku Babbitt weekend well that's on
- so so I'm 21 years old and you meet me
then why are you come on the waters
Naruto okay go have fun Brandon all
right ok ha hey a normal pair would say
hey don't get too high try not to get
caught at the airport go hello I'm an
addict Aaron yeah I'm from we long as
it's good dinner stuff you want it to
any thank you know Michael Morris thinks
that I've been lead you want to buy it
when I like mm away if you really know
how to kill it be my name well then he
wants to go out fun he's 21
yeah see I want to help women you know
do everything a little of his make not
man yes sorry I'm making fun okay write
this in your head who actually hurt you
actually hurt what you can you actually
okay look at me
I don't answer final answer first of all
yes I was gonna try to take it
second I don't even smoke I turned 21
Saul's gonna try it no yeah yeah why why
just because people say you're cool yeah
anyone tells me oh are you trying to get
hard I tell them I don't smoke now I'm
21 years old
why not okay why you listen to people
telling you those stupid stuff are cool
no it's not cool it's stupid being cool
these days to smoke weed and do that all
commands upon the luggage I'm here
I want the house I'm leaning to not
gonna be in my house with all this stuff
for over here no I'm not gonna support
distance hello
hold on if I put the wheat in a blind
rapping I won't take the bong I'll just
put it in the rap you know fishers was a
Dupin world is not the point that you're
taking this airport the point where I
want you to smoke this shit
okay well Billy is that you'll see all
the Queen I don't care that she's not
better okay no hutch would be stupid
I never said you never said you're my
size we gotta let you hit me when I'm 21
years old
you're not going one yet just two more
days you more days and you guys will see
I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry I shouldn't
have done that but you make me you make
me so mad dollars you know I know I know
what's good one anyway you waste your
money on it
hey I let there be a thumb-up foot what
did we do wrong that Kevin and if I bail
on that I swear to god you're hit
studying her I'm happy to do that in him
no no that's all I'm saying
okay no I'm not yes I am halle-loo I'm
gonna do anything all right
I've never smoked before I never will
I'm not gonna take it baby it's just
some kind of a joke or something
mom dad no it's okay it's okay
nothing listen I'm not going I'm not
gonna take it with me I'm gonna go to
Vegas I'm gonna sleep in I'm gonna come
on I'm gonna twist your ass going to
Vegas now Mamba epidemic on another
person that's how parents lose trust
when they find something like this from
a piece of glass in the luggage what
it's literally a piece of flash games
with me like I live in the Biffy I don't
know what's the powerhouse it's not
we're taking it to get high wall you
want to get high or not high you know
lucky then there shall be no more pain
I want to hit you now I want to spit in
your face on some on you honest in my
face did you smoke some of that so what
happens to people when they smoking no
no I never smoked it never smoke at the
suit in my biggest bookmark but I'm done
fucking with the airport dad not Dodi
wobble look you put it in the on the
other
let's not fuck that up what about the
bottom cover it
what is it it's airports not God they
don't find everything hardly putting a
future do your work that's it but let
Danny now should it come for Jill you
can get really nice coming about you
collect a shit on you with everything in
the luggage for tomorrow for now yes or
no got this I don't know no no you know
what I can't forget it is good I'm not
going to spend another three ball joke
pull back it's a joke it's a joke it's a
joke oh it's a joke but put it down put
it down
it's a joke go ask Brian your son who
told you to come check to the room oh my
new book one legend Brian told you guys
I told Brian to tell you it's a joke
that it's a joke how many times have we
pranked you guys don't know this is we
talked on the phone with somebody don't
know run my joke tell them it's face
what's good look there's a camera right
here in the break I told you to snitch
and I knew you Brian
mock him to call it I'm willing to
bullet you never go to hell or he's
lying about his life yeah it'll be Milan
and Daniel Oh mom I called to make it
look like a bank heist
why would I struggle does he know I'm
stupid now I call flick-right
gonna tell that well are you guys Shane
I'm not check the be on his phone he
recorded telling a guy he recorded it's
a prank
okay I'll show you the intro I'll show
you the H on my camera hunt right okay
tell them right now
okay it's a pretty beautiful yeah you're
sure gonna get away with it like this
it's a photo it's a prank
look what is it look how you're touching
weed how would I know but mostly well
force me like this it smells good ha
look I'll show you the intro with Brian
and I guess just afraid yeah mom no you
hit me enough stop listen listen right
dad it's a prank I swear to God look at
my call log
look at my calls look at my calls look
man way low no one I wasn't really on
the phone look Jordan miss caught 3 p.m.
that's all idea Jordan Doan mom stop
it's actually a praying I'm going to
Vegas tomorrow I'll get high there but
I'm not going to send this show bring it
no let's mall in a smoke a small a moth
the ones that wait you know hold on let
me tell you about you let me tell you
know it's a prank I swear to god I'll
show you the intro and everything let me
tell you the scariest part of the whole
prank when I put the bong back and put
all my clothing of it and I turn my head
this way I literally thought you know
the crunch Gatorade model way dad you
know what they're doing gatorade falls
from your store and go like that that's
what I thought oh okay well mom this is
the bond that Brian uh brought to you
here I don't need it guys okay so hey I
tell you this why I hate doing pranks
because my parents hate they don't yell
they hit and I'm glad that my dad didn't
him because my mom's don't hurt I go to
the gym I'm on the hood but my dad hurts
guys okay well I'm going to Vegas
tomorrow you're not let me come no bill
I can't believe let me see we're going
to Vegas
let's go baby we're going to Vegas
goodbye guys yeah
no way no one's come
huh
