let's see I've been teaching my mom she
misses I haven't been here so long at
least a week I forgot what my mom looks
like I forgot what Bosley looked like so
we just finishing up all the tourist
stuffs all fliers are getting ready
Bosley no he ain't something off the
floor new tickets should be on sale I
don't know probably in like a week and
also the most important part the star of
the tour is going to be probably May
19th so circle that day on your
calendars I'm not too sure which show is
going to be first it's either going to
be San Diego or LA I can't wait how much
have I been talking about the tour and
we keep talking about it like it's not
something real but yeah when it gets
closer it's like yeah I can't wait trust
me I'm just as excited as you guys so
and I buy yesterday's video what's funny
Brandon didn't tell me nothing he's
making a video with this baby and it was
so funny how Brandon thing babies are
that can I pay them but you'll make a
great father I swear I can see okay dogs
good with the street Bosley new mom
don't you feed a dog and you feed a baby
right and don't you pal dog you pet the
baby you pet the dog Bosley you want to
meet the baby uh-huh why you keep
calling her baby baby because I don't
know her name so if you're wondering why
I'm over here shooting around and we
played earlier today and I'm going back
to the gym to play with who said we're
going back I'm going back okay
it's gonna make sure but it's because
tomorrow is actually our playoff game we
made the playoffs in our basketball
season we'll see how that goes oh if I
make the shot from the three-point line
we win the championship Oh God
millions like to have a baby another if
you get that who would you have the baby
wave if you get a million bikes uh-huh
honestly it wouldn't matter I got the
million license oh my god oh the
millions like millions like of a picture
yeah cuz I know who I want to have a
baby that's for the first game yeah
alright you're winning yet guys I missed
Bosley I've barely seen him over like
the past week coming no not there not
there that bad play was one really he
has this body baby Bosley hold on but I
still love it that's why Bosley was
trying to be nice with you if you don't
get no no it's not right Yeah right
Reggie sits on your lap every time I ask
you to come you never come and now when
you have okra on your bull uh hey there
you go oh and I'm waiting white shorts
and I'm going back to the Juke like
dinner does he give him a kiss no like
guys just imagine having a girl you had
a crush on and you finally build up the
courage to go in for a kiss and this is
what she does
we haven't seen it yet but mom what's
the deal with this doesn't go puzzles go
to your room but apparently Basel II
have like a new bed in the house I don't
know I haven't divyam the water
where's your bed where's your bed oh my
god Oh okay so this is my mom and dad's
bed this right here this never used to
be here and now Bosley got his own bed
why is that long again his only girl -
yeah
wait Bosley of bbw if you ever think you
met a spoiled dog before oh you wanna
give me all my did he bite your cheek no
like I guess scared when I'm on the bed
with him and he sits in my lap and he
kisses me like that scares me okay why
do you buy it mom do you know what
daddy's coming home okay guys so there's
one big reason that I came over here and
that's why I'm pretty upset that my dad
isn't here because my dad is always home
but of course the one time I'm here dad
where you at so a big reason I'm here is
because this weekend Friday me and
Dennis are leaving to San Francisco we
are going to sneaker con bay area and
it's usually just me and a couple of my
friends that go this time though when I
heard it was sneaker con San Francisco I
remember a San Francisco has always been
a place that my parents have wanted to
go to and we've never been to San
Francisco I've never been my parents
I've never been none of us have ever
been there but I know they've always
wanted to go there so what I did was I
got them extra tickets playing hotels
sneaker con tickets everything and I set
it up so that me Dennis and my mom and
dad are all gonna be flying to San
Francisco and I'm really really excited
to tell them this because like I said
they don't know that they're coming just
look how petty buzzing is look what you
got the tree and now you want to leave
guys every time I go to these like sneak
account event and I'm
a bunch of fans the first people that
text me are my parents and they're like
oh my gosh we're so proud of you were so
happy for you so now that they're gonna
go and see it in person
no not just see me meet the fans but
they are gonna be meeting fans
themselves I know my parents love
meeting you guys my parents freaking
love you guys just as much as I do
so I can't wait and to top it all off
all of this is in a city that they've
always wanted to go to San Francisco so
once again it's time to tell my mom and
I wish my dad was here but we'll call
him we'll get my dad on the line and I'm
just loud I'm able to make this vacation
happen for them so right now we're about
to go surprise my parents with their
dream vacation come here by the way I
got an idea
so we're on the fourth your dad I'll
just put the camera here and like hey
Iran you're gonna San Francisco secret
con no why oh you should cut out and
stand behind okay okay I wonder why I
moved home look you go down uh-huh okay
Dennis careful you're about to break the
door uh-huh
wait wait buzzer buzzer was I think
balls like jam didn't when he jumped
into the door Ozzy I'm trying hurry
speck hey imagine if this happened they
need the lights flickered this is the
haunted watch y'all hold the camera
I got no script no hold on you're gonna
hit boss break the go oh we broke the
door but it's nothing compared to a
Brian in this house so it's all good hey
that's why I'm happy that Brian has
ruined our previous houses because
whenever I do something it doesn't
compare to what Brian has ruined the
house so it's okay okay come on you want
to tell my mom okay whoa she's over
there
she's over there go over there okay tell
my mom go we say no way okay mom if you
want to have a see you're gonna stand
out whatever you want but I have a favor
to ask you my dad's not busy just get
him on the line just just put it on
speaker that's it now okay guys so my
dad is really busy I don't know what he
has an appointment with okay so my dad
is really busy right now I can't talk so
I guess I'm gonna go ahead and tell my
mom and I trust you to pass on well you
gotta pass on the message to my dad or
to dad whatever I saved my dad he's my
blood father he's made my mom in my
blood brother I don't know why I say my
dad I don't know but so you know like we
used to travel a lot as a family you
know we've been just weekend Las Vegas
la fenix
cruises to Mexico but there's one spot
that I know for a fact you and dad have
wanted to go to and you have it's big
too and I'm just gonna say I'm too
excitable today but where am I going
this Friday I'm going there for a
basketball sneaker con tournament okay
San Francisco and who's going yeah me
and Dennis and what if I told you that
on that same plane in that same hotel
that I got you and Dad tickets plane
tickets to go to San Francisco with us
tickets to come a secret con
drum roll course I'd like everything
meeting about their fans and got you
booked hotel room for the whole weekend
you and Dad with me and Dennis let's see
if it was okay I
kemberly what do you tell me that is on
the phone mom dad just really quit just
really quick I hope you're not busy this
weekend because you have plans so Friday
morning I hope you're ready to get on a
plane we're going to San Francisco
you're coming to sneaker Con you're
meeting a bunch of fans you already have
a hotel but you already have your plane
ticket booked all you have to do is pack
your stuff and get to the airport on
Friday and we'll be back Monday the
whole weekend trip vacation you and my
mom of me and Denny's dream when we
watch the video since a yes I'm telling
you you're going there's no invite yes
that's in San Francisco like we're gonna
be there all weekend for you to break
yeah and you know how every time you see
the video of me meeting the fans you
guys always yes thanks dad so the rocky
roads are already said but we'll see
what we can do you could coach yet oh
that's what my dad does loves coaching
you can coach our team dad
yeah sneaker Condor guys shoes yeah
literally in three days four days two
days and then just so you know you and
my mom I mean you and Mom you guys don't
have a hotel room separate you're with
us so just say no I'm just joking
okay go finish your okay it's not if I
were you I'll get back on the line so we
can end the video say to pray I told him
I told him not to
I told you not to imagine pranking him
an action to see all the love and
support you get from past I swear to god
he send me videos about him and I send
it to all my family all love and support
you guys gonna go no my mom and dad
think they're going and they're just
gonna see me get all the fans no you
guys are gonna freaking be signing
autographs taking pictures like oh hey
that's gonna the Pistons like my parents
love when you guys come up to them
that's why what if you guys never see my
pants in public just go ask for pictures
autographs everything but uh I'm glad I
can make this happen for my parents once
again I always say this if it wasn't for
you guys I wouldn't be able to make this
possible so thank you guys see I'm
happier because we're going on vacation
together again imagining how old we
haven't been are those words the best
thing ever
especially our cruisers and stuff so
we're gonna do this go with you and San
Francisco yeah
wanted to go and we have one other
person in this family I tried to be a
bride to come but Brian's busy so Brian
couldn't make it but don't worry I tried
I wanted to be me you Dennis Brian and
my dad I mean dad whatever it's called
dead but yeah Brian's busy so Brian's
gonna be staying here with Bosley I
can't wait I hope you guys are excited I
know my mom's gonna kill me yeah can I
explain I got it today today's Monday
and I'm getting another haircut Thursday
he's cutting him now and he cut it now
and he's cutting it again bro so imagine
literally three damn such a snitch take
off the sandlot thing he needs a TM get
a bunch of ones we're going to strip
tonight huh now I wish my dad was here
in person I would love to see his
reaction but we got it over the phone
that's better than nothing mom dad I
hope you guys are happy exciting okay
god I hope you enjoyed today's video
drop a like if you did subscribe to this
channel if you are new once again I
can't wait to meet you guys but I
honestly like as much as I love meeting
you guys and as much fun as I have me to
you guys I think there are two people
one here and one somewhere else that are
even more excited to be all you guys so
please when you see them don't be shy
show them a lot of love and I can't wait
to go play a basketball game in front of
you it's like it's like a bunch of my
favorite things family basketball and
the fans
no no but really thank you guys for
watching I'm glad I could do this it's
all thanks to you guys and we'll see you
guys in San Francisco this is too much
no it's good
peace
like I should have listened to Dennis I
should have listened to Dennis so
remember I said I already played
basketball at the gym this morning and I
said I was gonna go back to the gym to
play basketball again and Dennis was
like nah Brendan don't do it you have a
game tomorrow and I said Dennis Shh I'll
just go play for a little bit that
little bit turned into like five hours
of basketball five hours that side
including the morning so today I'm
probably played like seven hours and the
reason that's so bad usually wouldn't
even matter but the reason it's so bad
is because tomorrow I got my playoff
game my freakin championship games so
right now it's like 1:00 in the morning
yeah it's like 1:00 in the morning and I
was trying to go to sleep but I couldn't
my body is so sore so before I go to
sleep and to get myself ready the
playoff game we need two eyes I swear
usually I'll get that sore but frickin
seven hours of basketball will that will
do something to the human body trust me
so I gotta eyes before going to sleep or
else all these screws for tomorrow I'm
gonna be super come out either way but
at least the ice will help it
so yeah Dennis when you watch this I
should have listened to you because my
body's screwed I can't go to sleep
that's how bad it is like all my
teammates are smart all my teammates
that are playing with me in the playoff
game tomorrow they played zero
basketball today nothing
9 to 1 minute and I'm hoping you're
playing like seven hours swear I can't
even feel my legs look this is me
walking normal game I walk straight but
solve it I'm about ice and then go to
sleep guys
I could never ever find the right word
just even there's no way this is real
life there's no telling you're the right
girl so I can only say that it feels
right
