but we gotta go we're in a huge rush
we're about to be late oh okay keep
doing that watch your electric going
comes in Yolo Yolo do it it's not your
lows the Moto
it's the you only live once as a model
everyone's gonna hate us we're gonna be
so late
and whose fault is that you you did Dan
Oh walk this way wait Dennis we actually
are gonna miss the reservation so me and
my family plan to get together the
reservation was already supposed to be
at 8:00 it is
8:47 you know I'll continue talking
after we tell us all right okay all
right thanks both okay guys so the
reservation was supposed to be at 8:00 I
was at the gym playing basketball the
usual
oh that's like pesto and I'm like oh
shoot I'm gonna be way too late so I
called my family and I said please make
the reservation at nine balls left
all right bro now we'll get back to you
so how was your day bro all right we'll
see you later faux pas we'll be back no
Randy Dennis he doesn't like you why are
you thought that kidding
bad things
so for everybody who's gonna be saying
dan you made them change the reservation
just for basketball you know you're
choosing basketball over your family
well yes yes I am choosing basketball
well not with us still oh I got punished
though I was playing that's why I've
hurt my back so bad my lower back right
now I'm in so much pain
someone or something punished me for
going back to the gym
crying Amanda maybe just gonna clinch
intelligence got Anthony everyone else
we're coming hey it's okay we can't do
the sobriety me and him we can't do it
too broad Amanda Mandy just you know
each other we can't do this abroad
Amanda Mandy Jess you know Jessica
Anthony I just don't like how you put
down put it down inside bichotte vampire
makeup artist vans worker
gucchi gang a mall rat and we get it
free gets clean knows the chef no no I
just want to say it's funny how when we
come here regularly there's like two
people but when we say Brian's paying
cool the autumn of the whole world shows
up
quiet why is that the funny thing is
they all showed up and Brian tell them
what the catch is
the real catch is that we're only
allowed to get water salt and pepper dad
can we Brian please please where we can
get a kid's meal Brian what are you
getting can we get dog food from Bosley
you have built-in microphone in your
stomach did you swallow my phone on your
okay Riley screaming so you know it's
all sitting there Dennis try and Mandy
you know they're all cool and to my left
I'm hoping it's Brian or Anthony or
Jessica Chanel or anyone all people yeah
we hit with ten people anyone
now I'm just saying that's the fastest
way to ruin your meals singing someone
you don't like at the front that said
people want to see next abandoned it was
full like a CVS receipt happy
Anniversary cargos growing up we always
knew they had something going on always
why are they laughing clean Danny miles
order the whole menu to love Brian just
order everything no no just about
everything he might as well he only
weighs 100 pounds though wait Brian
please can I get something like food
Brian okay why can't have them to get
food I wouldn't have came find it was
like this how to sit on the basketball
court
Oh Ryan look there
can I get rocking sorry
can I get a medium well
ya know and then can I add a lobster
tails wait
this might be my last meal before I go
away he's not letting me live tonight
it's time to protest no more getting
bullied by Brian no Brian I've had
enough it's been happening our whole
life
yeah drinks all the soda in the world no
on your anniversary you're drinking tea
lemonade coke coke coke coke plot-twists
Brian got water Brian looks good today
Brian you look good yeah I think cuz I
haven't seen you since you went to Vegas
Brian is nine out of ten yeah yeah yeah
Anthony you're like four out of ten
Chanel you're six Jessica let me see
zero Christian 7 but soup a hundred we
all protested by getting food even
though Brian said no Clinton get food
when he got lemon
okay kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss lips lips
lips lips with hey Audrey oh wow I felt
it from here my church I think he wanted
his chicken rare video would be
emergency room visit insane emotional
just call me fool and I'll black my body
out on the bed one two three happy
anniversary
so he made a nice pawn she's there
heart attack a hundred percent oh my god
goodbye everyone I love you wait before
we go Jessica never said I wasn't to
tell you that I never got to tell you
but after the garlic butter we're all
leaving this earth so I have to tell you
I never really liked you
never never I know with all fake what's
fake yeah me and Dennis me and Dennis
we're not happy we fight a lot but were
a couple I know he's with him but
sometimes he doesn't
we're in the wet zone we're in the wet
zone Brian if you catch this I'll pay
for your meals if you catch this I'll
pay for your meal and he got two lobster
tails make it bad hey throw it over
throw it over no man watch the tip he's
gonna give you now video titled
tipping Benihana chef for making me not
have to pick my own meal emotional man
wait you have to say you upset what do
we should I wish it okay what whoever
gets that has to pay Oh Clint your pig
okay quick question but you have to
answer it truthfully
okay okay so you know we're annoying
we're loud how much do you hate us okay
okay now the cameras off the cameras off
the cameras off Oh baby see me we got
mad love for a tallow yummy yummy yummy
Oh none zucchini for everybody huh look
at hungry right
Anthony can't wait for the food or what
Anthony I'm behind were literally
drooling all over the table that time
and oil on the grill that's Anthony of
Brian's rule uh-oh we got a fire we got
a fire Oh shaking Oh congratulations
kiss-kiss okay okay I think they're
nervous they're shy they're shy he said
they need a glass of wine guys we just
taught our chef our favorite word if you
don't know what the Buddha means I can't
say it on this video but this is why we
might get banned from Benihana by the
way so we all got meet him well like
normal humans and this vampire gets rare
you might as well go to the farm and
bite into a cow Anthony way Amanda you
got onions nobody not one I feel bad for
your boyfriend after this call extra
onions give it to her so you can kiss
your boyfriend we get back damn I feel
bad hey I know I can hear all the way
from here imagine kissing Christian
I mean smelly I mean smell it smell it
Wow saying like it smells so bad that it
even gets my ears and I hear how bad is
no but no boosah is but so like when
someone wrongs I know she has a nice
Busan she has a fat boost I like that
yeah yeah you have a pretty boot oh oh
you want it oh you want to know like
real terms ready lady is like brought
Jelena Khalifa see we're giving you the
easy terms but boola-boola like that
that's easy
so we're all here getting our chicken
waiting for our food and we look and
Clint is missing so my theory is that he
went to the bathroom to empty stomach
because he was too full
it was too full so he's everything is
something to come back and eat more no
but really thank you to the best chef
thank you Wow I need a massage I hurt my
leg today Christian don't look down
Christian if you want to call this
marriage off look down ah it was just a
massage but sliwa I feel bad for you I
feel bad for you so the funny thing is
Brian was just joking about paying for
everyone but people thought he was
serious so they all left before the
check came everybody left
ah happy Anniversary to you cha-cha-cha
happy Anniversary to these cousins
cha-cha-cha thank you you ate the candle
they didn't know end of the night you
were gonna say it's just a praying no
when the check came Brian was playing
it's just a prank guys everything for
yourself oh what's good bro yeah man
stay warm man and get home safe man yeah
I'm about to go see my elevator friend
he's white waiting for me on the camera
all right but we gotta go he's waiting
for us on the camera he texted me he's
gonna try to come down to talk to him oh
yeah no no no if he meets Brian he's
gonna like Brian more than us we can't
let him meet Brian right here he's gonna
see how much cloud Brian has and he's
gonna oh my gosh
moving towards downtown or no no this is
all Carnaby's fault this is all party
B's fault
oh wait quarterly sports coming up yeah
guys sometimes I want to hear cardi B
before I go to the gym you know if I
play basketball I'm in the mood to
listen to cardi B but every time I go to
the gym I'm wearing basketball shorts
and so I can't listen to cardi B because
I'm not trying to like walk into the gym
like gosh I'm driving home you know late
and I tried you get late nights and so I
started thinking to myself tomorrow's
Tuesday so everybody knows on Tuesdays
you know we got a basketball game so
basketball not only do I played my
basketball game but I also go to the gym
and play before my basketball game so
that's more basketball but there's one
other thing we do on Tuesdays that has
me heart emoji
what is it Dennis it's charged with
whoever marries you it is your wife and
has to deal with man their whole life
I'm gonna pray for every
haircut haircut baby imagine how good
tomorrow is gonna be basketball two
times not one and a haircut the only
thing that make that day better is if I
somehow see Bosley imagine if I wake up
where is it the game how much is short
oh its course yes god I swear it's not
even a joke anymore like maybe a lot of
people think it's a joke you know all go
to the gym ten times a day play 80 hours
of basketball get injured hurt yourself
okay maybe people think it's a joke
I swear guys my back right now Dennis I
see you don't even try to scare me
because that won't move my back hurts
right now I'm 22 years old
but with this back injury it feels like
I'm 85 Dennis come on hey yo bro we got
you food leftovers hey bro hey bro I
hurt my back so bad playing basketball
today and I have a game tomorrow what am
I supposed to do ha ha go and I will
take the food by the way please how go
good night anything but never ever find
the right words and there's no way this
is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
