I got this so I couldn't make it to the
bathroom in time I woke up and I tried
to wrong I couldn't make it I couldn't
get on the toilet in time so I just let
it out here it came out came out
accidentally just joking about fucking
laws hey bad boy
hey bad boy did you poop in the bathroom
yes see you know what you did wrong
cause I don't do that
you went poop in the bathroom unless it
was Brian
yeah see you know what you did uh-huh
look what you did go in the bathroom go
go go
no in the bathroom I said see he knows
what is it he's scared go in the
bathroom oh no no no no what you did now
in here in here in here pawsley no see
you hey you know what you did yeah I
know you won't come the bathroom pussy
scared come here show you what you did
c'mere Bosley come on let me show you
what you did in the bathroom okay yeah I
know you want to poop in the bathroom
that that's where we poop me my dad
Brian and my mom not you
okay bothering I'm not gonna do anything
to you
hold on guys I need to get the proper
gear to clean this up we're not dealing
we'll just poop this is positively poop
this could be like terminated this could
be poison we don't know what it is this
is Bosley he's up he's filthy so we
gotta deal with this the right way it's
like have you guys ever dealt with a
heavily poisonous snake like a a western
diamond right old snake whatever the
fuck it's called or like a gaboon viper
it's like something like this
no no no no my mom's asleep no you're
gonna wake up I just need to know
oh hey I want to do the you know one day
oh this is a holla to guys for a dog who
waved by six to seven tons and eats
about 22 hours of the day it's not a bad
size look at two pieces of piece and a
half of shit it's not bad honestly look
Oh Bosley you know how to get on the
couch yourself I'm not gonna put you up
you want to go on the couch no you can
get on by yourself you just see the head
start look get back get back get back
get back okay here's your Head Start
look come here
okay ready Bosley we're gonna go on the
couch go on the couch go go go Bosley no
go back go back try number two go back
go back
okay you want to get on the couch go on
the couch going to couch Go Go Bosley no
you want to go watch the cars you want
to get on the couch and watch the cars
go on the couch go on the couch go
Bosley
my gosh you're a virgin you're virgin
when we put on captions
oh you can jump never mind bodily gosh
12:30 p.m. X Oh
Bosley's eye booger look I just kissed
him in there Bosley why are you so dirty
love you bitch
love your puto pinche pendejo puto bitch
guys I need to learn more Spanish words
I'm more Spanish bad words I don't wanna
learn the Spanish language just the bad
words but anyways oh I know Bosley
Cologne anyways listen I'm leaving to
Vegas tomorrow I haven't even started
packing instead I went to the gym for
like two hours played some basketball
with ollie Oh shelled out and uh George
well Jordan was lifting of course play
some basketball and now I have to pack I
just called Tony I was like Tony listen
I needed emergency haircut appointment
he's like what do you mean aren't you
coming in on Thursday I was like no I'm
not I need emergency haircut appointment
so I got a haircut appointment in a few
hours I got a pack I feel bad for Jackie
she's at work till midnight she was
working from fucking 8:00 a.m. till
midnight I don't know how she's gonna
pack but we're going to Vegas tomorrow I
got a pack I have an emergency I could
appointment father took a shit on the
fucking bathroom floor I'm going to
Vegas guys let's go oh you're getting
some more food in your tummy so could
she in the bathroom again huh buzz Li
that's me I'm talking hey sling ups tell
me so you can only shit in the bathroom
again Ali she knew to go to the bathroom
honey he learned from us actually I
think Brian shits himself in the bed I
don't know hey guys so I put a towel on
Bosley just in case he shits himself
what cautious right now guys look at
this bottle of sriracha imagine Jackie's
attitude imagine six of these huge
bottles her attitude is still spicy
than all that fucking sriracha two more
days till the NBA Draft forget two more
days for our birthday two more days for
the NBA Draft I can't wait I'm so hyped
guys so what I'm doing right now before
I go to my emergency haircut I'm trying
to get I'm gonna be gone Wednesday
Thursday Friday and Saturday I'm trying
to get videos done in advance for you
guys but I'm sorry and I apologize
there's no way I can get four videos
done in one day usually when I go on a
trip I plan videos way before and I
upload them and schedule them for before
I leave but now this was so last-minute
I literally found out I was going last
night my close to midnight and there's
no acting at for videos on but I'm doing
my best to try to get at least two so
I'm trying to get videos done for you
guys so I can schedule them because the
Wi-Fi in the hotel is suck so I am gonna
vlog in Vegas yes but you won't be
getting those until I get back for now
I'm trying to do this so bear with me
and I apologize if I if I don't get all
four videos done but I am trying guys I
literally go to Subway J just for the
cookies the cookies are so good
subway has the most underrated cookies
double chocolate chip and cheesecake
subway mom I had to make an emergency
haircut appointment in one more hour
yeah I know Mom you know it's only been
four days it's only been four days but I
know but we're gonna we're gonna be in
Vegas by the time I usually get my hair
1 video done I need to start working on
my second video of the day number one of
the day 9 to try to do some well I'm not
like I said I don't know how many more I
can do but I'm about to start my second
one before I go get my haircut just
finished my second video rendering right
now this one's for my NBA channel 2016
NBA male draft still haven't packed of
course but now it's time for my haircut
mom time for my haircut yup 3:30 baby
can't wait I love haircuts oh shit to
the Vegas where are my keys guys by the
time you're watching this video on
Wednesday I'm gonna be either on the fly
or in Vegas I don't we out here
emergency haircut this isn't even a
regular haircut women this emergency
at a point right now I want to do my
shoutout not my barber but if I had a
second Jace is your boy - James
onaji follow me there you know how to
spell it
- number 2 J am ii z so pretty much
LeBron but with a Z you needed that
emergency cut right hey on the Vegas you
need that bro if you finna hit a Vegas
you gotta get fresh milk inside give
that clean look man cause we got Cola
here first of all we got barbers cutting
barbers at this barbershop - J man we
need a little quality time with TLC what
why are you getting cut where you going
to vacation I'm trying to get freshened
up by my man Jimmy Jam no International
we got international plans going on
going to Jamaica Jamaica yeah my first
time out of the country you know
everyone became such a good teams out
there my good - yeah so you know get
ready fly out this evening and tight
oh this evening this evening I'm out of
here brother
Jamaica I'm going to Vegas man we're
really doing it when we're doing things
out here really living a dream brother
most very people in front of me
oh yeah that's a hundred right the last
time before I go to Vegas Bosley
Garage Grudge go know Bosley I'll still
put you in the garage you can't run cuz
I'm not gonna tell them that for like
four days mom's garage let's go
a store guys know I need to end the vlog
right here because I have the argument
started packing
I need to pack I need to edit I need to
edit some more videos by the time you
guys are watching this I'm going to be
in Vegas happy 21st birthday to me June
23rd Thursday and I can't wait for the
NBA Draft honestly I'm more excited for
that for that then my birthday but my
haircut so you go skin taper okay I can
medium scale up to here then you go with
a 2 along the side and the bag I'll nose
could see the back what do the teeth on
that and on top is holding like a 7 I'd
say 6 7 8 OMS blend it all in
line it up and resumes ok guys here's
where bro watt is boyfriend duties take
over once again ok so here's where bro
watt is boyfriend duties take over so
like I said Jackie's working like an 8
or 9 a.m. all the way till midnight she
hasn't seen me all day you know she's
texting me babe I miss you so much I
can't wait to see you tomorrow you know
I miss you I love you I can't wait for
our trade ba ba I miss you so much
I wish you were here you know she's tell
me all that stuff I'm just joking but
yeah she's just saying that so I have to
pack I have to edit an edit and record
another video for you guys I'm not so
much shit to do but you know what i'ma
do bruh wadis boyfriend dude he's taking
over I'm gonna go surprise her at her
job and just see her for a little bit
before I come back and get ready for
Vegas um I was gonna edit and record my
video right now and then sleep and get
ready for my flight but instead I'm
gonna go surprise my girlfriend Jackie
at her work and I'm probably not gonna
get any sleep tonight cuz instead I'm
gonna stay up tonight editing but like I
said hashtag bruh wadis boyfriend duties
and uh yes so we're gonna go to the fair
after I shower and go surprise Jackie
who I don't even know why she misses me
like I'm fuckin ugly and annoying and I
talk so much and everything I'm a joking
so yeah we're gonna go surprise you at
the fair you know I miss her too so wait
mom I had to tell you something
hey what what are the chances that I
come back with a baby from Vegas three
nights sweet no I think it's like 80 to
85 percent chance think about it three
nights sweet mom come on wait dad I did
have it
well I look at tell her to hold on one
second
all right thank you it would be nice all
right okay I said three night stay in a
suite in Vegas what other chances I come
back with a baby I say 80-85 my mom said
below zero oh dear mom below zero below
zero Brian um ten percent ten come on
come here
no mom I'm joking I'm joking I'm going
it's a joke okay oh my buzz Lee oh my
god what medicine oh gosh jo when I get
that guys look how's the other ear
infection so we have to put medicine in
his ear Bosley we're gonna put medicine
just good Bosley come on dad look at his
dream Bob's are gonna put medicine in
your ear in the garage guys I don't even
know why I stressed so much over packing
and I don't know why my mom got me a
huge suitcase look why t-shirt blue
t-shirt basketball shorts done oh wait I
forgot one last thing hold on
duh can't forget the condoms oh wait
forgot I go in raw need those we're done
then what do you want you guys I know
nothing about soccer football whatever
it's called oh my god look I just
checked the weather in Vegas today's
we're going to be there 112-111 109 holy
are you another on time go
accident you know I hear oh my were
coming oh no did you actually think I
was up there where were you today you
said a hug okay
hey oh my god it was your purple yeah
summer Rae's van slammed already model
oh wait till i canti babe guess where i
was about to go in like two minutes I
was gonna come to the fair guys imagine
a thing that I'm gonna go to the fair
and I was literally gonna leave em
identify when she wasn't there
babe I had no idea I thought you were
out to fear the whole time
no I tested him all the way to make sure
yeah I know look guys orange and purple
for the Sun slam-dunk too bad I can't
dunk
cuz I'm Middle Eastern guys all I heard
what I heard was babe and I was like
what Ilana it's like this one why did
you get me a champagne bottle I wanted a
handy bottle
oh crap apple crown God forgot the
bracelet she's wearing BAE let me see
how do you lie to people and say oh
that's just my brother babe I was
literally about to leave to the fair
like I'm having on video I said I'll go
with me no bleep no friends surprised me
I have to confront you now you said you
said a Devin Booker you lied wait so
you're really gonna make it with Devin
book and air blitz on it
okay don't show me I want to see you in
real life don't show me what is the cake
coming okay then I just want to wait see
it in person no I want to see it in
person if you show me the picture before
I'm actually throw the cake out your
face on the counter but guys when we
come back from Vegas I'm getting a cake
with me egg butts on Devin Booker on it
they've nobody can eat it
why you're throwing dancers babe you
don't temper tantrum every fucking dish
god we need to go to CVS Ryan ago yeah
it's your whole life - temper tantrum go
ahead babe it's ironic how you always
take me and shove things up my ass okay
so so before we pack me and Jack hear
about it go to CVS because we're both
launch well I'm low on shampoo she
doesn't even wash your hair
I'm launching we just need to go get
you're such a dick babe okay let's go to
CVS we need to stock up for Vegas guys
I'm never ever moving out with Jackie
because she always every time I'm not
wearing socks she always looks at my
fucking feet and toes and laughs and she
just recorded a snapchat of my fucking
feet without socks she said I'm a
roly-poly babe okay I move like a Rollie
pollie you fucking look like one uh some
of them are hot
Wade's good right there oh yeah
yeah something recorded that goddamn I
LeBron with the championship trophy what
you wanted like this they go like this
you know you're so cute Hey look baby I
think you need to put the bottle down
look at me
babe who are you are you the boy from up
yeah look this is me when I go to heaven
okay babe okay you're literally not
normal or human Hey why can't I just be
happy for one so so what listen why I
have a problem with Jackie on record me
so I'm mad hey why are you pissed
I'm confused babe you're so dumb I'm
having baby you're so not normal babe
okay babe Taylor believed that monster
yeah let them fly away like your dreams
guys my dad Rickett the ball rolled down
my dad dad oh my god
hey eight oh my shanell say hi to the
vlog
guys look at Chanel Chanel someone
commented on my video the other day
saying where's my bass Chanel just keep
working guys Queen ratchet we you are
look at this
editing two videos at once I've never
done this before two laptops one is my
brother's one is mine and I'm edit
trying to get two of my videos done at
one time guys it's literally 12:10 it's
past midnight
I'm editing two videos at once and
recording one for my second channel for
my MBA channel editing two videos at
once and recording one for my MBA
channel let me tell you what I did today
this is probably the worst headache I've
ever gotten in my whole entire life
I've recorded edited rendered and
scheduled upload five different videos
today three on my main channel and two
for my NBA channel so now I can finally
go to Vegas and have fun knowing that my
YouTube channels both of them are under
control but man five videos recorded and
edited and uploaded in one day and I
have never ever been more exhausted in
my life from serious guys holy crap I'm
the biggest idiot in the world
look I just woke up right now look at my
suitcase look at this I just woke up
guys I need to fucking oh my god okay so
the date my flight we're flying in a
couple hours I need to leave to the
airport I'm bout a pack hey but you know
my motto do today do today that's the
bro wadis motto I don't even know why
the fuck I'm laughing because it is
actually serious but we got to do this
