guys look at the time 10:15 a.m. look at
my suitcase literally nothing we're
flying in a few hours and I have nothing
I just wanted to make this video really
quick because a lot of people don't know
I do have a second channel I do have an
NBA channel which is in my description
below if you enjoy a especially with the
draft coming up tomorrow I'm freakin
hyped I'm so so hyped if you guys know
me I've been talking about the draft for
a month so the draft tomorrow and be a
free agency coming up all these trade
rumors if you enjoy on like NBA debates
just NBA talk NBA reaction just anything
NBA go subscribe to my second channel
it's uh right there in my description
below if you don't like NBA I'm not
asking you to sub I'm not forcing you to
sub I'm not saying oh everyone goes up
but if you enjoy NBA talk and you want
to you know debate in the comment
section everything go check my NBA
changgil out I've been posting on that a
lot more yesterday I posted two videos
I'm about to post another one right now
and yeah so go check out if you're an
NBA fan draft coming up tomorrow free
agency to me these are the best times of
the year cuz you know I'm the sun's
famine we're never in the playoffs but
uh yeah I got a pack and get ready for
Vegas don't worry this isn't my video
for today you know me you know bro
audits come on don't tell me you thought
this was my video for today I got a 20
plus minute vlog going up in a couple of
hours I also got another video for
tomorrow don't worry this is not my
video for today you know me I got a vlog
come out and yeah go sub to my second
channel if you're an NBA fan
