I got this guy's who actually won't
believe this like I'm I'm speechless
from like I don't know what to say that
like guys just listen so for the past
couple of weeks and especially the past
couple of days I'm just like oh my 21st
birthday is coming up on Thursday which
is a couple of days from today and I got
no plans I wasn't saying it in a bad way
I was just saying I got no plans for my
21st and you know I'm just gonna chill
with Jackie and watch the NBA Draft then
boom I just act like I can't say thank
you enough I just got off the phone with
the mouse thanking him so much so check
this out
I don't even want to call him a fan one
of so so this guy who's been watching my
videos from from the start I still
remember when I first started youtube
and I'll check my subscribers I remember
he was one of the first ones and and
he's been with me from the saar his name
is ramsey he he fucking booked me three
nights a suite in Vegas and I'll just
like dude that like what he booked me a
suite three nights in Las Vegas for my
birthday and I'm just like bro are you
kidding me like like they're like dude
thank you so much I couldn't say thank
you enough me saying thank you to him
through the vlog is nothing me saying
thank you to him through the phone was
nothing I cannot thank him enough like
he actually thought about me like it's
actually crazy shout-out to him he's the
homie I've had him on snapchat Instagram
Twitter cuz I remember I'm telling you
guys one of my very first he's been
watching me from the start and net like
guys he actually does YouTube himself I
want all you guys to go check his
channel which is in the description
he's been daily uploading for a month I
watch his videos I've been subscribed to
him he's actually entertaining
his name is Ramsey I like guys I
literally Wow I don't even know what to
say I can't stress enough how much I
want to say thank you check out his
youtube he does uh he does some
challenges vlogs imagine my channel he
doesn't he's me like like guys so June
20th
I had zero plans for my birthday I'll
just gonna chill in my room with Jackie
watch the NBA Draft maybe go to dinner a
couple hours later June 20th at 3:00
p.m. I get I get a like news from him
guys oh my gosh so I'm gonna Jackie
doesn't even know yeah I haven't told
Jackie we're gonna she has to find
something to do about her job her work
and I don't want to drive to Vegas my
car is too many miles on it it's just
like six plus our song we're gonna fly
I'm gonna look up flights right now so I
got again shout out Ramsay shout out to
you everyone goes up to him go show him
love it's like I mean how can someone
actually thought about me like to book
me a stay out of suite like bro thank
you so much I'm telling you right now
you like words can't describe how much I
appreciate it I wanna I'm gonna go tell
all my friends go tell my dad who's
downstairs and so I got surprised with
that for my birthday so thank you so
much and I'm gonna surprise Jackie when
she comes over I'm gonna book the fly
right now
I've never flew to Vegas I've always
drove and it's been like six-hour Drive
there's gonna be my first time flying to
Vegas this means so much to me bro like
you don't understand I don't just look
at it as yeah I'm going to Vegas I look
at it as I've actually inspired someone
so much as to like they're paying me
back with this bro you did not have to
do this I appreciate it so much
and at first I kept telling him I was
like no bro I feel bad I can't like I
actually mean so much to this press like
thank you so much thank you thank you
thank you I'm myself right there I'm a
book of fly and Jackie's gonna get a
surprise when she comes over cuz she has
no idea so she's on her way and so Wow
oh no so I guess I'm going to Vegas for
my 21st birthday and I'm gonna be gone
for three nights
the 22nd 23rd and 24th Wednesday
Thursday Friday I'm outta here I gotta
tell my parents I got a gun oh my god
thank you so much Ramsey everyone go
show him some love on his YouTube
channel I'm serious guys and as happy as
I am that I'm going to Vegas it's my
21st birthday I'm so excited to tell
Jackie and she deserves this she's been
working the past two weeks she's only
had one day off on a Monday that was her
only day off and I'm not talking just
work like her shifts there were a lot of
our shifts from 3:00 until midnight and
there were some 14-hour shifts like like
I mean 9:00 a.m. to midnight shifts in
there so she deserves this honestly more
than me so I'm so happy to tell her
she's been working like crazy even some
double shifts cuz she has two jobs that
she's been working some double shifts in
one day both of her jobs in one day
Ramzi my mom has something to say hey
man oh my god she's not wearing white
shorts yeah you're not wearing white
shorts my god I have it in the back I
just want to say thank you so much
frenzy you made Brenda's that I came in
and he was screaming mom what I'm
telling you guys it's not it's mom I
told her it's not the fact of oh yay I'm
going to Vegas it's just that someone
actually like yeah many whites said oh
hey I've got you this for your birthday
like I just never like think that people
are so like I don't know guys but you
know the fact that you said you and mom
have to be with you there's no I know
oh thanks Ramsey for noting that ah oil
dab the oil but yeah I'm gonna go get
Jackie mom Jackie doesn't know yeah I'm
honest so I got surprised you got
surprised
and now Jackie's gonna be a surprise
it's all full of surprises hey mom wait
look what I just bought
father goodnight
I just love white shirt oh my god just
got him know about black and white
those ones look nice yeah got back from
the gym that's I heard the news after I
got back from the gym from Ramsey I went
to the gym for like hours and hours cuz
Jackie was getting her nails done babe I
can't wait for you to see my nails ba so
she does getting her nails done and I'm
just like that takes forever so I'm
gonna go to the gym played some
basketball worked out and now I'm gonna
go pick Jackie up
yikes 114 degrees what the hell is wrong
with Jackie I said babe you know your
day off it's your choice where do you
want to eat just let me know and we can
go wherever you want to go
she said full like hot soup and I'm just
like I said okay babe whatever you want
why who eats soup in this weather
say I'm a pig Jackie uh go get some soup
and then I'll break the news center that
we're going to Vegas baby
hey why are you taking your phone listen
you know how you say you're so cute who
eats it in two hundred degree weather
age I just like wanted me to put me up
earlier do you like your chin for this
view no because it probably looks like
the nine that I know you can only see
like 14 now too
twisting was pissed I don't get this 99
I'm just like the arguing I can point
out of this relationship 1% you'll see
him like this
yeah because of you I got pissed cause
of you know you're pissed but you know
you piss me off
you're a pissy man and then you know
thanks because however long I take to
not reply not taste that long times 3
yeah
sometimes I feel like what we say each
other but you're not that funny me
neither you literally I've never laughed
with you in my life I've only lost at
you in my whole life
I'll bite your face no no about your
nose ha ha this is the a bitch okay but
your isn't any fun like this continue
show them your nails before I take the
pain you are here to show you
okay you're Barney no you're Baby Bop
oh god she's jealous cuz I have longer
eyelashes and her how embarrassing is
that nope nope nope nope you can't roast
me on my vlog let you be the real dog
I want to be diseased come on zebra
okay now see what comes in come on put
it on
yes I love the zebra more favorites
Dalmatian you're Ramsey my dad who's
slowly recovering from the Warriors life
he's recovering a slow painful painful
time right now but he still wants to say
something for IMG thank you very much
and analytical you can speak as early
shook Wang I'm trying to book a fire
right now I still haven't told Jackie
she's in my room right now she doesn't
know I'm gonna get it on camera when I
tell her so I got surprised my mom got
surprised you got a surprise now jack is
about to get surprised I told him when
we get down on one day that we can just
hang out together or even make a video
together if you want
so we'll see I'm about to book a flight
and tell Jackie
you wait up I have a surprise for you I
have a surprise for you yeah I swear and
turning on the light they've left for
well now I have to tell you surprised
now you're smiling once when I talk
about surprise
no okay but I need to turn the wall into
toilets oh fuck guys before I tell
Jackie I just woke her up she's actually
gonna kill me but before I tell Jackie I
tried on her jacket I'm a fashion
designer okay babe here or what it what
is it's called a poncho oh no it's cool
just fucking put it on just return I
didn't say that what happens we have
boobs and a boyfriend no you don't have
boobs I'm not allowed to say that okay
guys um they already know the surprising
Bosley okay what did I do
hey listen so I understand you have work
and all fake stuff but okay
but hey no this is going bad it's not
going bad but there's a reason I have my
car on the table and there's a reason I
didn't put stuff like we're going to
Vegas on Wednesday Thursday and Friday
oh my god is Wednesday I just booked
right now we were leaving one side
Thursday right we're coming back
Saturday morning we're flying both times
are we really UsWe but it's your
birthday and we have to watch the drop
there it's Thursday at 5:00 that's why I
had to book on Wednesday we can apply on
drafting change day from listen I had a
cake done for you with your face on it
let's not done until your birthday
where'd you go guys today's similar
prizes wait wait
right now you have to say thank you hold
on say thank you because you know the
rooms we got for three nights it's all
paid for by by this guy that watching my
videos grams we're gonna meet up with
him on Wednesday grace oh say yeah say
thank you thank you I got busted
okay
like okay wait what wait what did you
have ready for me and not if she had the
mariachi band right okay but listen
there was someone that was supposed to
come and they're gonna put balloons
outside some balloon company and spell
your name across on your grass okay fine
we're not going to Vegas anymore I
wanted I want that to happen to me
wait they're gonna spell my name with
what with balloons and what about the
cake use of the cake yeah like it was a
picture of you that's all photos shot to
like seven Booker right next to Raymond
I was going to have like a little
basketball as a sign on it well can I
get that after I come back from Vegas
can you reschedule for them and they
still do the whole ceremony and
everything I don't know about the
balloons okay fine just the cake the
cake probably since I place an order
yesterday baby just ruin the surprise
for me okay guys we're going to Las
Vegas
I booked work I think huh I know she's
not 21 but I am someone be clubbing I
thought while she goes to sleep in the
hotel room but it's all good so guys
we're leaving Wednesday morning or no no
because you work late Tuesday so I made
the flight Wednesday afternoon look I'll
consider I was there was one flight at
9:00 a.m. and there was one flight at
3:00 p.m. but Jackie works till midnight
on Tuesday so I made the flight 3 p.m.
so we're going Wednesday Thursday and
Friday and then we're coming back
Saturday morning
as she even said this so much the
process yes we go I actually can't wear
easy yes we're really going fine able to
call I know I know this guy's this was
so boss
this was today but oh my god okay guys I
just thought about it I usually get my
haircuts Thursday or Friday where we're
gonna be Thursday and Friday cause we're
gonna be gone so I need to call my
barber for emergency haircut appointment
tomorrow I need an emergency haircut
appointment tomorrow Tuesday so I need
to do that babe we need to like this was
so last-minute she just found out hack
not just pack you we need to get our
life - she just found out at Mosport -
flight hey I just filled out all your
information guys look get yourself a
loyal boyfriend who knows all your
information it asks for your name last
name middle name date of birth
fucking gender gender was the hardest
honestly didn't know oh I know that's
what I try to look for and asked a bunch
of questions and I do all them by heart
I didn't even have to wake you up so I
need it up call my barber for emergency
babe one was a what did I need to water
Drock I'm you flew like 40 literally
when I came only for one time because
she was born in El Salvador and she flew
here to move here and that's it so um so
we have like I need to book this
emergency here go we need she just found
out right now 8:30 I just found out a
couple hours ago like in the afternoon
this was so last-minute but once again
Thank You Ramsay and once again like I
said he hasn't missed an upload in over
a month and his content is actually
really good I watch it myself so I want
everybody to subscribe to him okay do
that son okay guys before we end this
video I know babe ah yeah so like like I
didn't even know what to thinking I
don't even think live while ready to
pack but um I want it I want to
apologize in advance because usually
when I go on a trip I tried to get a
bunch of videos done in advance and
schedule them to be uploaded every day
I'm gone but since this was so
last-minute and I haven't even packed I
haven't
my haircut like we knew nothing of this
I'm gonna be gone Wednesday Thursday
Friday and Saturday Saturday we're
flying back
you know the whole flying system and
airports take so long so that's four
days worth of videos I don't know how
many videos I'm gonna get done I'm gonna
try to I'm going to try to have an
upload ready for every day but honestly
this was so last-minute I'm not sure if
I can record think of Eddie and upload
four different videos all in this time
so on I apologize for that
but I'm a make up for it because while
we're in Vegas I'm going to be vlogging
and I'll edit and upload those as soon
as we get back so you're going to get
three days of Vegas vlogs there's a
bunch to do in Vegas so Las Vegas here
we come
and I would upload them from the hotel
but the Wi-Fi sucks as it would take by
the time I started on uploading by the
time I finished it would literally take
all the way till we came back to San
Diego so babe we're gonna Vegas that's
so crazy I know that's so nice babe what
am i pack I'm serious I would actually
look for you go its 8:36 tomorrow a
double shift literally oh no she works
tomorrow from fucking 94 not from a 42
to me from like 8:00 in the morning to
midnight they just pay Nikki to pack for
you she's a parent just is a pack for
her okay guys we're gonna go now once
again thanks Ramsay I told my cannot say
thank you enough to a video we're gonna
we're gonna meet up on Wednesday so
cancel your cake don't cancel it just
got to reschedule I want the cake of
Devin Booker and me is that what's on it
- I can't remember you in the middle
yeah I think so what oh my god okay guys
okay guys I'm more excited for my cake
than the truth I'm gonna cancel the trip
so we're not going anymore
where'd you get that
I'm stranger he gave it to me oh yeah
you know when people ask me who is your
boyfriend I just literally go on I said
who's your daddy I'm just joking
actually I'm not
Bosley Bosley garage and I'm going to
Vegas on Wednesday through Saturday you
might say if you think what to say I
just have a court to declare no I got
those three top NBA draft two more days
I'm so fucking excited I can't wait I
cannot wait
