I got this what's going on guys Brandon
here aka paratus
actually I don't even want to call
myself poor waters I want to call myself
typical bro waters or of course bro
wallets you want to know why
tomorrow's Father's Day I haven't got
anything from my dad I also wanted to
get something for a Jackie's mom's
boyfriend like how do I forget how did I
forget and not only did I forget but I
have no ideas in mind none so I'm
struggling here so I'm not going to go
to the gym today instead I'm gonna go
try to find the gift for pop up rewards
aka my father and I'm also going to try
to get something for Jackie's mom's
boyfriend so leave it up to typical
Brandon's way everything for the last
second so happy Father's Day to every
single father out there and make a
myself I'm gonna be a father soon if I
keep not pulling out and going in wrong
I'm joke boxer I'm not joking Aldo who
knows okay guys so my neck it's the
Gatorade bottle you know when someone
goes like when someone goes like that
should go like this the crunched-up
Gatorade bottle how so I can go to the
mall I'm gonna find my dad a gift from
there hopefully it's so hard if I wish I
was 21 I could've bought all the dads I
know fucking alcohol but I have to wait
for that first thing I'm gonna do when I
get to the malls go e I have an a all
day
one of
why would you fuck drivers I hate
everyone who drives a vehicle the first
thing I'm gonna do is eat I have a all
day I woke up took a shower edit in my
video and it's like three it's later
than 3:00 p.m. and I have an a so I'm
starving it's raining yesterday was a
hundred degrees and today it's raining
why why
stop vocalizes this shit guys I think
this rain is actually my dad's tears
because he actually works around here
and he knows them but guys has it ever
occurred to me that instead of everyone
else being a bad driver maybe out the
bad driver but anyways yeah I think it's
my dad's tears cuz he knows I'm the
worst at buying people games probably
knows I'm a game the shittiest but I try
I'm gonna try to get my dad a lovely
gift so we'll see what I come up with
they're not crinkled enough hold on oh
no me agua pinche pendejo I'll go do my
Spanish get better okay what everything
else here I'm not I don't remember if I
got something for Jackie's mom for
Mother's Day maybe something small so
now if I have to get Jackie's mom
something as a late Mother's Day oh gosh
my life
I hate bruh wadis what ooh my dad is
still crying dad I told you i'ma try to
get a good gift guys WOM WOM shopping
for gifts I ran into a huge fan Antonio
say what's up it was so subjective
literally alone all alone guys so I'm
eating and I ran into a huge fan number
two right here what's up imagine a video
a shout out to Eddie anything mess mms
Eddie
cuz oh my god
Bob the Builder is here oh yeah I was
just walking right now actually say
what's up hey I was trying to be Bob the
Builder but their securities I don't
know how to go
but yes security I was going to go to
the can guys
Bob the Builder he's actually here at
the mall look
Bob
up
oh my god
this is better than meeting Eric Bledsoe
Bob Bob
Bob
the fame for sure got to Bob the Builder
and see wait I put him in the garage
yeah I'm sure he doesn't like the sound
of that Bob in the garage Bob guys is
actually so hard it's been like an hour
and I haven't found anything for anybody
actually I spent like 45 minutes of that
time yelling at Bob the Builder hey what
about you I always see Burwash I seen
him iron into each other
Fair Mall mulberry mice Lamaze well live
with each other it's been like 10 times
great intentions crazy dude is crazy any
promises to fix my phone screen
hey I'll fix his phone I'll do it for
the homey price thank you homies I wanna
throw Rotten Tomatoes and mushrooms and
onions all over ball by show
can't stop me I came all the way to
watch from the top
pregnancy
fuck ball he's a fuck-boy I hate Bob
okay I think I'm gonna get my dad
toothpaste and a toothbrush cause his
teeth are yellow as gold and I'll get
him a razor yeah I'll get him a razor I
guess I can't find anything from my dad
but there's what happens when you wait
till the last second to go gift shopping
but for sure to face cuz his teeth are
yellow anyways the razor I call my dad
was $80 this better shave his pubes to
perfection we've spent $80 on a fucking
razor but uh yeah so now I'm on my way
to Cheesecake Factory and I'm gonna get
on Jackie's a mom and her boyfriend
gift card so they can go to dinner and
leave Jackie home alone but uh now I'm
gonna get them a gift card from
Cheesecake guys I'm literally such an
idiot he's like he's like how much you
want to put on the card I was like uh
what's the normal price for a Cheesecake
Factory meal and he was like I don't
know and I was like well it's a mom and
her boyfriend and probably two meals and
I just I was like just put whatever you
want that's like in that price range and
he's like okay so I'm an idiot that's
what I am and now I'm finding my dad a
Golden State Warriors thing and then
i'ma go when they go to Cheesecake
Factory and they argue over the bill
because I didn't put enough money on the
gift card
he's gonna sing to Jackies mom why you
gotta fight with me a cheesecake why
gotta fight with me at keys can you know
I gotta go
it took me two hours I was here for two
hours and all I had bought was a Philly
cheesesteak finally after two hours I
bought something other than a Philly
cheesesteak and then before I go one of
the fans that I met told me that his
friend works somewhere downstairs and he
really wants to meet me he's never met
me so I have to go on a hunt for him
before I leave and I don't know where
he's at but we're gonna find him okay so
I bought my dad a Golden State Warriors
t-shirt tell me I walk into a sports
store and all they have is gold and say
wear your gear and I also bought a
Jackie's mom's boyfriend a the blender
bottles where you put your protein and
it like blends by itself automatically
and honestly I want to keep that myself
because it's so cool but they only had
one more left so imma give it to him and
now I'm still looking for excuse me I'm
still looking for the guy that wanted to
meet me I don't know where he works
or where the kiosk is so we're gonna go
on a hunt for him and we'll surprise him
he doesn't know I'm here guys I found
him I found him and he's with a lot more
people so i'ma just let them take over
here someone hold the phone to take it
over hi
shut up my ass shoutout to flop design
studio come buy your sunglasses here
look you are about so looking up with
Halloween we got this kid right here
Bunny's old and was his favorite place
to buy glasses I can't thank you don't
appreciate it but yeah I'm not gonna
take you for free are you sure do thank
you I appreciate it don't worry I know I
know you guys he was trying to hook me
up with free sunglasses and I was like I
appreciate it heavily I appreciate it
but I can't take free those are like
hundreds of dollars like I can't I can't
take it for free I said I appreciate it
but
my dad on Father's Day on Father's Day
my dad himself makes breakfast for the
whole family
let's go say happy birthday I mean I
have a birthday happy Father's Day to
the boy himself Bosley happy Father's
Day he's like what you tell him though
yeah Bosley I know your secret dad happy
Father's hey why'd you take off the
Hawaii look my dad said he made us a
middle-eastern Grand Slam dad hope I'm
hoping your Father's Day isn't ruined
tonight oh so his father's day started
out all good buying a couple hours
Warriors and Cavs game seven already no
using the word egg and they made Game
seven and followed a photo reason to
ruin fun all okay for you to just follow
Dacian but good okay well speaking of
good gifts or I don't know about good
but speaking of gifts I have gifts in
the car that will get after depending on
how good the breakfast tastes that's how
many of the gifts you're gonna get well
big happy Father's Day to you and to me
soon hey sue and not now like in two
months
well I get called daddy all the time so
like what is that mom that is a good
word for me
yeah called daddy yeah but I don't get
it you know why do I get called daddy
all the time if I don't get a Father's
Day gift mm-hmm haha what daddy daddy I
just don't get it that's fake if someone
called me daddy and then I wake up with
no Father's Day gift
guys I'm with my cousins
Ayden an Jia first yeah you guys don't
say happy Father's Day
thank you Father
what what color your teeth let me see
your teeth what did you eat like that
it's her tryin Barbie with Barbie Aiden
what did you get NBA 2k14
yeah I got away Mohini a lick I don't
know why
no no they love mom in my brother's
videos Anna do you have any friends that
watch our video all Ryan Ryan how about
you GM me okay thanks for watching Aiden
and Happy Father's Day to you too
why were you going you're not gonna
watch the game here imagine my dad
watching the game where the ball has him
and my mom are going out imagine the
Warriors losing my dad got the bar just
expect him to get arrested on Father's
Day so should I just give him the gifts
right now you're not going now
hold on guys weird work this is a family
dilemma and I've learned my lesson we
have to keep the family problems
off-camera so let me turn the camera off
really quick okay I'll give I'll give
the I'll put the gym off let me go get
the gifts right now and I'll go to the
gym after okay guys so wait where are
the people right here in case you don't
know this used to be my dad's beard
trimmer my dad has that little you know
whatever the middle-eastern fathers have
and look one time I took it and I tried
to shave my armpits and I freaking broke
it I don't even know how broke so now
every time my dad wants to use it he has
to like put a rubber band around it and
like clip it together
I was just broken guys it's broke so
that's why I got my dad the trimmer so
he should like it could be trimmed his
beard like every single day we're Middle
Eastern our hair grows back fast but on
that I'm a toothbrush because God knows
the last time he ever brushed his teeth
and then obviously a Golden State
Warriors teacher on top of that um my
dad has been using because I used to
work at Albertson's grocery store like
last year I used to push cars I was a
bagger and everything so I used to have
these shoes like the I used to wear and
my dad actually uses the vel when he
to work that's not right my dad should
not be using my old shoes so I wanted to
buy new shoes but I don't know like
which kind of I'm comfy because he's
standing on his feet for hours and hours
at work so instead I'm just give him
cash to go buy shoes
so that's on top of this gift but
anyways let's go get his oh yeah I said
that's my dad for you that's what a good
hard-working man like he's been he's
using my shoes to go to work that I used
to go to working guys I also won this
from the fair don't ask me why the hell
it doesn't say Golden State but it's
blue and yellow like the Warriors and it
says San Francisco so that's close
enough
Golden State Oakland San Francisco but a
so i'ma give this with toom guides
here's the blender bottle that I got for
Jackie's a mom's boyfriend look dessert
I was talking about like you put the
protein at the bottom then you like in
that black thing then you dump it on top
and then you blend in it like lights up
it looks like a tornado it's actually so
cool I have to get one for myself but
they only had one left
okay so masks might have to turn around
so you can see straight through these
damn bags okay dad turn around cuz you
can see through the bags so don't look
hold on don't look okay hold on mom can
you record my gosh Bosley buzzy buzzy
they're not for you okay dad
first you can turn out for the first
gift oh yes here's the first year just
pretend to sense the woman say I don't
know why doesn't say Golden State but
San Francisco in the colors so there's a
first hand boy don't touch yet that's
the first gift second gift now I'm gonna
turn around that ya reaction Oh
tonight's game for that was either this
is double XL yeah I just remember the
video of my dad like this
oh okay you can put it on while I get
the next gift
okay wait dad before you the next gift
turn around oh my god how big is this
shirt turn come on it put a snapback for
Game seven yeah
that for the next gift before I give you
it I have one question
when was it public or in my bathroom
he's got lunch on ESPN when they show
the okay dad
my question for you is if when what year
was it the last time you brush your
teeth actually two years ago three years
okay what about complimentary toothbrush
extra whitening power extra whining dad
I'm gonna sell them online
no don't touch minutes and there's one
more gift okay which idiot in this house
broke your trimmer the beard trim you
okay so this I don't I had to look so
much for one that because here okay so
first yeah the trimmer that's the main
gift guys I broke the trimmer when I
tried to shave my armpits well maybe
yeah you take this on you put this what
they're going to put this right no
already put this yeah we go there's
three right yeah thank you well I'm
gonna be using it from my armpits soon
yeah yeah happy fought the happy
Father's Day today good good Titus I'm
gonna make me well I'm off Goforth um
you're here mom do all these that office
God then how you can thumb nails are
ready
oh yeah dad and then I was going to get
you shoes like for work but I didn't
know not only what size but I know like
what is comfy because I'm in Douglaston
oh well that's a I said you literally
use the shoes that I was working in so
instead I'm gonna give you cash for the
shoes the other shouldn't wasn't lucky
enough the yeah the curtain we're gonna
try this one hopefully this will do the
trick we'll see in a couple hours
Jim is so dead today Sunday I've been
playing way too much basketball recently
and lifting less and I swear I've
noticed my muscle mass gone way down
like I've not only lost some weight but
I've lost muscle and that's terrible
because I already didn't have that much
muscle to begin with so yeah I just been
playing way too much basketball lifting
less so today I'm hitting my chest and
triceps and abs I got to get back into
it I need to it's no time for me to lose
weight that's pathetic I've actually
I've just been coming to the gym less
because of my headaches but I need to
stop making excuses because there's no
excuses for not going to the gym unless
you're having sex and then realize
there's no telling you're the right girl
so
you say that he feels right
say that it feels right San Diego we
have hit 100 degrees so check this out
today Jackie at her first job worked
9:00 to 4:00 and then she works at the
fair from 4:30 to midnight or 11 some
shit like that so today she works from
9:00 in the morning all the way till
like midnight and it's almost 4 o'clock
right now so she's about to get off her
first shift at the restaurant she
doesn't know I'm surprising her with
Jamba Juice before she goes to the fair
for her second shift so I just picked it
up and I'm about to go to the restaurant
I don't know who the hell's scheduled
her like this but I'll still make time
she gets peanut butter chocolate love I
said can I do peanut butter chocolate
but don't put the love because only I'm
allowed to love her so just peanut
butter chocolate so yeah she has no idea
I'm going but I'm about to go surprise
her you are wearing like
oh he's staring at me so Bosley Bosley
keep look at me I put you in the garage
Bosley
one more hour for game 7 I can't wait
guys I'm so fuckin hot game 7
this is what NBA fans live to watch Game
seven NBA Finals on the biggest stage of
them all 100 degree weather don't stop
me playing outdoor basketball playing
outdoor basketball uh I must say I'm
gonna play a little to kill time for
game 7 I'm telling you guys I can't wait
I'm honestly more excited than Steph or
LeBron are themselves like I can't wait
I'm hyped all I asked for it please Cavs
please Warriors no blowout I want to
watch a good interesting game I want to
watch a close game I want to see when it
comes down to it I want to see close
game two minutes left in the fourth
quarter oh shit I think I just showed my
address oh uh everyone fucking knows
where it is anyways I want to see when
it comes down to it which stars are
gonna crumble under pressure and which
stars are gonna show out so I can't wait
one more hour us I've been counting down
I'm dying
it's over I'm R P say your prayers
everybody because I am done I'm dying in
match I'm a fucking burnt piece of toast
that's all it is to it I've been playing
basketball time for like an hour
shirtless the Sun literally attacking I
am a burnt piece of fucking toast from
my home that's it you guys thought I
looked Hispanic before imagine after a
dick fuck oh well no I wanted to go
inside but my cheerleader still wants me
to play
Bosley fuck you all want to go inside he
said you're paying me for an hour in ten
minutes so you're playing for an hour in
ten minutes
he said I want to watch a play for an
hour and ten minutes bitch all right
fine I'll keep playing Bosley oh and now
this bitch sitting here all relaxed
while I'm dying in this heat Bosley
people are paying over a hundred
thousand dollars to sit courtside to
watch the Cavs and warriors and you're
sitting courtside free watching me play
for free I'm putting you in the garage
as soon as I get inside you're going in
the garage I used to sleep on a fish
drive we lid and pick you up on the way
one who we spoke asoto bradley put me in
cuz you know every time I make a shot
it's like a miracle to me cuz I'm so
used to the fucking fear basketball
hooks at the Del Mar share some solution
missing shots that look this oh my god
like I actually can't believe that I
made it the fair has ruined my
basketball career my self-esteem and
confidence when I step on the basketball
court is so low now I automatically
assume I'm gonna miss every damn shot
fuck the fair 2016 that's my new hashtag
let's go and be Draft Thursday four more
days guys mhm Austin what balls a
kingdoms law the NBA Draft is a day of
my birthday I don't even care about my
21st birthday I'm just too fucking hot
about the NBA Draft I swear guys Kevin
Love and Harrison Barnes both scores
like in the first three or four minutes
of this game and I'm honestly like I
mean she's like I don't know what I'm
watching Kevin Love and Harrison Barnes
both scored in the first court like I
don't know if I'm oh my god Harrison
Barnes
oh yeah that's more like Harrison Barnes
I don't know if I'm scared or sheltered
maybe there's a dream I don't know but
they both scored in the first quarter
it's crazy
Oh
no tie game with one mini this is
literally what everybody would have
asked for no way oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god dad Kyrie has been
better than Steph this whole series
guys I'm gonna leave this short and
simple I don't want to go into full game
analysis to end this vlog i'ma leave
this short and simple congratulations to
LeBron James he deserved it that's it
that's almost said he deserved this
third ring that is all I'm going to say
down 3-1 to come back against the best
red
I'm LeBron James you deserved it that's
it you cannot you can't hate on LeBron
James right I'm done guys and I don't
care what anybody says I'm not talking
this whole season or a better player
overall but I'm talking this series the
past seven games Kyrie Irving over Steph
Curry Kyrie Irving was a better
basketball player than Steph Curry this
series and that's not even debatable
honestly and you want to know what else
isn't debatable LeBron James is the best
basketball player on this planet and
that never changed no matter what Steph
Curry did this whole season or last year
Seth Curry is the best shooter on this
planet and probably the best shooter in
NBA history but LeBron James is the best
basketball player LeBron James is a
better player and is the best basketball
player in the NBA today and in the whole
world
today guys so you know like I'm not
trying to take credit for being like a
psychic or like claiming that I could
tell the future or something but I'm a
fucking psychic and I could tell the
future because before the NBA Finals
started if you look at my Twitter I
tweeted Cavs in seven before the series
started on my NBA channel which is down
below in the description I made a whole
video and my prediction was Cleveland
Cavaliers in seven games
and what just happened yeah you could
call me that so Raven I am I am the
Raven Baxter
I am Raven Baxter
