I got this what's going on guys Brandon
here aka paratus
actually I don't even want to call
myself poor waters I want to call myself
typical bro waters or of course bro
wallets you want to know why because
today's Saturday right and you know I
just finished editing right now I'm
rendering and I was gonna put my socks
on I was going to go to the gym and then
of course bruh wadis or typical bruh
wadis goes oh shit
tomorrow's Father's Day I haven't got
anything from my dad I also wanted to
get something for a Jackie's mom's
boyfriend like how do I forget how did I
forget and not only do I forget but I
have no ideas in mind none so I'm
struggling here so I'm not gonna go to
the gym today instead I'm gonna go try
to find a gift for pop up rewards aka my
father and I'm also gonna try to get
something for Jackie's mom's boyfriend
oh yeah leave it up to typical Brandon's
way everything for the last second and
like guys oh you want to know what else
my 21st birthday ask how many days until
my 21st birthday just ask five now ask
how many plans I have for my 21st
birthday zero I have no idea what I'm
gonna do for my 21st and I'm struggling
guys first week me and Jackie talked
about going to New York that didn't work
out then we talked about going to Vegas
and that kind of fell down though we
talked about going to LA for VidCon or
Anaheim and the tickets are sold out so
now we're like I'm struggling I don't
know what to do nonetheless today's
Saturday tomorrow Sunday Father's Day
when you guys watch this is Father's Day
so happy Father's Day to every single
father out there and like a myself I'm
gonna be a father soon if I keep not
pulling out and going in wrong I'm joke
box I'm not joking I'll know who knows
aka Sunday Game seven but anyways let's
start this vlog guys holy shit I just
got off the phone with my mom
fucking look this is all your knowledge
kid I wasn't even vlogging I didn't even
vlog I was looking all around the house
for Bosley freaking like ups I looked
all around and I couldn't find him and I
called my mom and I said mom I where's
Bosley and she said that he's at the vet
with Brian that that's how you know I
was scared I didn't even pick up my
vlogging camera to like vlog me looking
for him so Bosley got the vet right now
like I said he got that seizure when
this fan banged on the gate really hard
and he was asleep so he woke up and ran
downstairs right away and like whatever
happened happened so he's got the vet
right now we'll see what they say okay
guys so my neck it's the Gatorade bottle
you know when someone goes like when
someone goes like that to go like this
the crunched-up Gatorade bottle but
anyways so let me tell you my plan so my
video I'm uploading right now so I can
go to the mall I'm gonna find my dad a
gift from there hopefully it's so hard
if I wish I was 21 I could have bought
all the dads I know fucking alcohol but
I have to wait for that before I go to
the mall I'm gonna go say hey to Jackie
really quick cuz she's gonna work a
three to midnight today three to
midnight and I haven't seen her today so
I'm just gonna stop by her house with my
shoes stop by her house and say what's
up really quick and then fuck girl is
celebrating her 15th birthday today at
her house she's having like a bunch of
friends over I don't know what she's
doing but I got the invite so shout out
shout out tiffany tiffany so no shout
out to you Stephanie I got the invite I
really didn't think I was gonna get the
invite but uh so we're gonna vlog
Stephanie's birthday party go me some of
her friends I have no idea who she hangs
out with I didn't even know she had
friends to be honest but uh yeah so
that's my plans for today okay guys so
let me tell you what's going on don't
worry
do not worry I got footage from the mall
I got footage for shopping for gifts
from my dad uh for Jackie's mom's
boyfriend I got them gifts and I got
footage of that but we're going to skip
forward to Stephanie's birthday party
and let me tell you what my dad is not
home right now to get the gifts and I
don't want to do one video of me buying
the gifts and then a separate video of
my dad's reaction so instead we're going
to skip forward to Stephanie's birthday
party and tomorrow you're gonna get the
video of me
at the mall shopping for the gifts and
my dad's reaction when he comes home
so tuning for that tomorrow before right
now skip through to Stephanie's birthday
party and I hope you enjoy the rest of
this vlog God you ever turn on the AC in
your car it just smells like ass I don't
know why where's my fucking air
freshener yes oh shit it's made all over
the seat okay guys so Stephanie hold on
let me play some music it's not Abra
waters vlog without risk of copyright I
like this song called on guys oh shit
debate texted me I always assume I did
something wrong when she texts me and it
turns out that is just an I love you I
love you too wait telling you have to
risk khakhra or else it's not okay guys
so as I was saying Stephanie's gonna
kill me I was supposed to be at her
house at 5:00 p.m. and right now it's
like 6:15 and of Stephanie killing me
and I forgot to buy a gift for Stephanie
so I just have to lie hopefully she
doesn't see this part that I'm just
gonna tell her I forgot it at my house
then I'll buy for her tomorrow so I
don't know what I'm getting hurt about
just I left it at my house and that I
can't tell what it is it's a surprise
guys how the fuck do people do sexy
wings like Jackie always does to me and
I get just like like I get super turned
on and I try to do it back in and I'm
just like this anyways yeah so I got all
of Stephanie's friends and I got
Stephanie a gift too
right here the only thing that'll get
kids and see an eagle up off their ass
some xanax cause it's the only thing
these days I guess these kids in San
Diego excited man
and he's sad but true now I'm just
joking listen the reason I brought the
advil is because some idiot yes I'm
calling this person an idiot in my
comment section last video because I
always joke about like when I take Advil
for my head for my headache I'm just
like oh I'm bout to pop some bar or some
xanax
this idiot commented saying wow I barely
watch this guy's videos and this dumbass
is taking xanax on camera what a great
example to his young fans ball-ball I'm
just like you fucking idiot it's advil
so here instead of doing the xanax jokes
anymore let me let me say this maybe
then he'll understand I have some Advil
it's a pain reliever and fever reducer
and I'm going to take one maybe two for
my headache
is that better than me saying oh I'm
about to pubs and bars maybe now you'll
understand it whoever the fuck that was
that commented actually now imma keep
saying my jokes some of them take some
dance for Stephanie and her friends
they'll love me after that I'm telling
you see high schoolers in San Diego
that's what they live off of bars guys I
left Stephanie's gift at home happy
birthday folk girl thanks I imagine I
see a guy talk to staff during the party
so what would I do
just imagine oh so you want to talk to
my cousin you got to fuck me first we'll
see and that's not gonna happen so that
gives you a way Steph I'm on a park
where should I park here I got all the
dams all those damn necks for your
friends that's the gifts I got all them
don't put what hold on guys hold on
Stephanie that's atomic top-secret
information
oh we got a case of uncle socks again
fix that this one has an easy cure by
you we're gonna play a game
many of these girls has folkway tried to
hit on don't answer it's just from I
know who Stephanie thinks she is but she
has me more guys here than girls and
it's just insane okay uh I know how much
you could see just turn this way okay
guys so we got uh Jason and Joseph I
forgot which one was which but guys and
I'm Joseph okay Jason and Joseph and we
got fuck boy fuck girl number two in the
pink and then boy what were their names
that one daddy kitty catty shitty shoddy
and then oh no that's a D and that's
Jason
why are you buzzing boy who's your
brother Dean oh I know it's fucking okay
I noticed I know what seemed Ahmed and
uh camera no I know his brother so I'm
just I'm gonna go good I'm gonna go get
some food in the normal go home
I'm the joking but I'm gonna get food
for real I said I didn't even know
Stephanie has friends she has more
friends than me look at sit look two
three four five six seven
they invite okay guys on that
I'm gonna attempt to go inside the
giggle ball that was fucking phone
what are you go in face first is it
bigger in putting me away this is real
life there's no ton of you're the right
girl
there's no way this is real there's no
guys so Joseph was about to get in
trouble because he didn't call dad he's
like oh I need a charger my phone's iron
I need to call my dad and I'll say oh I
got you a kind of phone he said Android
I said okay well that's not gonna
fucking call your dad like who has a
Android - hey oh hey guys tell me why
those girls are better than me at
basketball look these people give me
hope for the generation look at this
look at these athletes they could be
playing video games it could be inside
on their phone Twitter Instagram dad out
playing sports this is what gives me
hope for the generation right here show
them sure they might not be playing
right but gives me hope for my future
children we're good the people that give
me hope for the future outside and then
the failures of this generation right
here
sighs playing sports and we got the
Instagram and Twitter I'm Twitter
fingers myself but I still make time for
sports now I know the only reason they
were playing for it
because all their phones are dead what's
up guys look even more hope for the
generation like Guitar Hero out of high
school party I want the alcohol and
drugs and I come in from fucking guitar
hero what is this I come two steps party
expecting like drugs and alcohol and he
said I come - bass guitar hero what
happened to high school parties ok say
bye to the vlog oh my god look this is
me and Jackie right here say what's up
ok I'm leaving guys they only show me
love when I turn the camera on
I'm dare you yeah ok guys so I'm leaving
Stephanie's party right now and I'm
actually gonna go to the fair and let me
tell you why I met these three kids
whose parents work out the fair so
they're there like all day every day and
I've met them they're three huge fans
hey guys I need to be surrounded closer
it's funny how I met them I was actually
playing but their dad does the
basketball the rigged basketball so I'm
not a fan of their dad I'm just joking
the kid's dad does the bass also I'm
playing and you know his son walks
behind he starts freaking out oh my god
his name is yeah here so so like I
became friends with him and then his two
friends
there's Tristan there's Gavin there's
one more I forgot their name but I swear
every time I went to the fair I've kind
of hung out with them and we became
friends I think they're like 12 years
old or 13 years old they're actually
funny so I've actually like I go to the
fair and I run into them and I've been
there goes one of seventy's friends five
steps friend okay bitch don't say bye
back bitch bye yes I swear I go to the
fair we walk around those are the people
I hired as my bodyguards if like I go
it's actually cool and they tell me like
dude it's so cool like we talked to you
in person like a friend I'm just like
it's actually cool like you guys are
fans and it's actually funny they're
like little kids but it's funny so I'm
gonna go see them just like dude how how
are we your friends like we're just fans
and I'm just like not you guys are my
homies now I've seen you like five times
that I've been to the fair like we've
talked every single time so you guys are
my homies down they just freak out this
is free parking I'm here now time to go
find my friends I never know where they
are I just find them and I run into them
and I say hey what's up guys and they're
like oh my gosh book cuz I write the
book I ride the bus by myself when I do
the free parking
guys we have Carlos and Eddie here so
it's up so these are on the fans I was
talking about but these are two huge
fans as well we just signed one phone
case let's see one phone case and a bag
and look hold on babe where's it oh look
they made Jackie a bracelet it says it
says Brandon so now everyone's gonna
know she's taken they made me want to
but I don't have to wear mine that says
Jackie only you have to wear yours isn't
that the rule yep
yeah she has she has to wear hers out
after wear mine know where it make sense
to me yeah thank you so much
if it you wear yours guys look what a
loyal girlfriend she has to wear hers
and I don't have to wear mine I tied it
like eight times so she can never take
it off
you guys thank you that loyal thank you
okay say bye to the blog here guys I
can't find the three kids and I have no
way to contact them because I don't like
have their number or anything I just met
them here because Jackie's in a
different section than she was so they
have no idea I'm here I don't know where
they're at so hopefully they could find
me throughout the night I don't know
where they're at but hopefully they
could find me guys
Jackie is talking to her manager right
now
so I had to leave the booth before she
saw me I'm literally just chillin by
myself on the bench
eating mangoes until her manager leaves
my god
yeah
guys look okay Sherwin Julie and
birthday girl right here they brought me
juice so I could autograph for them you
have won two national thank you
oh that one's for me to get okay I'll
sign this one say what's up to the boys
guys we got Betsy here who's a huge fan
so it's a and her sister sister right
Yahaira right here you guys want to
shout out your friends or something
my cousin Jonathan how about you
Jonathan and Aiden shout out thanks for
watching my video guys so since Jackie's
making me wear the bracelet that the fan
made I'm gonna get her back bye um hey
I'm making a phone case with mine and
her picture on Alma maker use that as
her phone case so do you guys want to
say what's up these that are helping me
out what's up YouTube and right here
thank you
I need to pick a picture so Jackie's
working right now and guys we just ran
into two huge fans yeah team robot is
too you know you know what I mean team
bro bodies but what squad the God Squad
skinny alright guys thanks for watching
now if you wanted to you and I can
actually extend that background a bit I
love him so much I love my bf so much
actually people might think know you
would know best friend right I mean you
know boyfriend numbers
oh no that's not that's a rough one oh
it's okay say bye there - right I love
my boyfriend so much Oh God look at this
i'ma be like okay so you made me wear a
bracelet I'm gonna make you wear this or
put this on that's actually really funny
this goes above and beyond psycho
boyfriend I'm not you guys think I'm
crazy no huh no no no it's not cable in
your phone
you're not getting it back hi
- palm guy hmm dances with so
oh my god I just got caught
I live in said I literally said first of
all love Allah and she cheats for having
this is why I can't handle I'm in my
friend you left for so long haha we're
to get back what do you say thank you
I'll get it you want to make me wear
this sing it so somebody give this to
you made it I made it
we're here over there I want no nnnnno
only you only want to know
guys Anthony who's a huge fan of my
videos just bought me literally a 10
foot tall to watch it
no really thank you are you sure you
don't want it okay thank you
look who's feeling better Bosley you
feel better okay no garage today
yeah no garage you feel better you feel
better
not with those odd buggers you don't
nasty guys before I end this video first
of all sorry for my potato quality and
potato microphone quality in this end
segment but anyways I just want to give
happy Father's Day to all the fathers
out there all the fathers does not
matter who you are what race or religion
anything happy Father's Day to all you
guys and I guess happy Father's Day to
all the single mothers out there too
happy Father's Day if you want to call
it that and happy Father's Day of course
to my dad happy Father's Day to all you
guys um I just have one coil like I said
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be me I got a
bunch of footage from me shopping for
gifts for my dad footage from the mall
and of course footage of my dad's
reaction when he gets the gifts I just
have one complaint about today so you
know every time I'm with Jackie you know
she's daddy did daddy dad called me
puppy like that so if I'm gonna call
daddy puppy life on a daily basis
where's my fucking Father's Day gift
like I texted Jackie I said you're fake
like you're gonna be calling me daddy
all the time and according I don't know
if I'm wrong or something but daddy
means father so like don't be fake to me
call me daddy didn't get me a gift so
she can't get me a gift and I told her I
said stop calling me that no more call
me daddy don't don't call me puppy
anymore like I'm not gonna do be doing
that anymore that's fake I need a gift
so you're gonna be calling me that I'm
just joking actually no I'm not joking
fuck we're out well I hope you enjoyed
this video guys
