okay guys so before we get into the
actual video of this video I just want
to tell you guys that I never wanted to
make a video like this I didn't but
sadly it's come down to it um so if you
can't tell this video is I'm going to be
showing you guys how many fans or I
don't like to call them fans how many
subscribers show up to our house on a
daily basis and what they do to get our
attention so you've heard us mention it
in videos before me or my brother you've
seen us tweet it you know casually like
oh can you guys please not come to the
house and bang on the gate well I
decided that it's actually gotten to the
point where it's gotten so hectic that I
think I need to make a video about I
never wanted to do this because it just
kinda comes off the wrong way like I'm
putting people that watch our videos on
blast and that is definitely not what
I'm trying to do I just want to show you
guys what it's like because sometimes I
tweet it and I get comments like dude
stop complaining like all this stuff
well here it is and the sad part is I
recorded some on my phone like I always
do and all of those are here and my
dumbass recorded the rest on the camera
then when I went to the fair to vlog I I
deleted the clips off the camera I have
one clip say but I have a lot more off
the camera to make storage to clear more
memory space but I have all the ones
from my phone left so you're going to
see some and just imagine the some that
you're going to see isn't even all
because I deleted most of it so over the
past two days 15 cars of fans have
showed up to our home I don't I didn't
say notice I didn't say 15 fans 15 cars
some only have one fan some had two some
had three some had four so if you were
to guess you could say I don't know 40
to 50 fans have showed up in total to
our house
over the past two days and I don't know
how to say this they come and now I'm
not speaking for all of you guys but the
majority come and you know our doorbell
is broken so what do they do they bang
and bang on the gate okay
whether it's 7:00 8:00 in the morning
because people have comes out early or
whether it's damn near midnight like
almost 12:00 in the morning because yes
people come that late banging on the
gate throwing rocks at the door
screaming into our open windows rug
Broadus bah bah bah and it's just like
like yes we appreciate all the fans and
we love meeting you guys
but it's just like you there's just some
things that you can't do like it's one
thing to show up to someone's house and
it's another thing to like okay and so
in these past two days further proving
that we have normal lives just because
we're youtubers does I mean oh they're
not busy you know they're not doing
anything we can go to the house so in
the past two days here's what happened
so Jackie has like she had stomach pains
and she keeps the things she needs in
her car so for what incense there's a
fan outside for I'd say a good 15 20
minutes and Jackie had to avoid traffic
because she hasn't worked at the fair
and the fairs on the freeway there's
always traffic so try we're trying to
leave early because I was going to drop
her off on work of her car someone's
going on with her car so you know
emergency pops up just like a normal
person just because we're youtubers is I
mean we don't have emergency so in
emergency pops up Jackie's cars won't
start so I was going to take her to the
fair we're already late we're already
gonna hate traffic
then her stomach starts to hurt she
hasn't medicine in the car and so we
call her boss um we're going to be late
and and we can't even go out to the car
to get the medicine because there's fans
banging on the gate there is that then
next instance and here's what really
made me want to make a video about this
because if it's going to this point
someone has to speak
this fan if you're in the comment
section below you could speak up just in
case nobody believes me but he saw with
his own eyes he came he banged on the
gate Bosley was asleep Bosley then woke
up because he heard the banging he ran
downstairs and I mean raised downstairs
he hit his side on the stair on the
stair whatever it's called he then got a
seizure for like a minute he couldn't
walk his tongue was out of his mouth he
started like like he got a seizure and
this fan I you saw I'm not sure if you
were recording it but you had a camera
so if you're in the comments section you
could speak up and so we took we had to
take Bosley to the vet thank God there
was nothing too serious but like that's
just another example so there's one me
and Jackie trying to avoid traffic we
can't because there's fans outside so we
couldn't even leave then Jackie stomach
hurts
she has medicine in her car that she
couldn't get so we have to give her
advil then Bosley gets a seizure this is
all in one day in one day like I
understand we're youtubers but we have
appointments too we have places we have
to be at certain times you know we have
like we have things to do and and as
much as we appreciate because some
people come all the way from Arizona
from different states from different
cities as much as we appreciate you guys
coming down this house is not a meet and
greet and I hate to make this video
because there's no way it can come off
as it sounds like I'm a dick but I'm
really not like 15 cars in two days look
at this snow
this guy this guy left it thank you I
guess he said he's stole his dad's car
but he has a bedtime so he came to meet
us and he left this on the door because
we didn't open the door cuz I don't want
to say what time was but almost midnight
how are you gonna come to someone's
house that late but um so yeah my dad
comes home from work carrying all these
bags from his job and instead of coming
home to go inside and relax he comes
home to cars you know like stalling him
and and my mom can't even take out the
trash anymore and
last year look I'm not stupid
last year I didn't even have any videos
and Brian had less than a million subs
so we'd have fans like once or twice a
week and that's fine
I know this year I'm at 3/4 of a million
subs and Brian's at two and a half mil
so I'm not stupid I know more people are
going to show up but it fits and
especially now that it's summer break if
it's gonna be like this like no way this
is just thing about it forty to fifty
fans in two days and like I'm on summer
break too but can you imagine like when
I go back to school I have classes like
I have places to be I have to go study I
have to go to class I can't walk out and
like go out and do this so I see I hate
making this because it comes off like
I'm a dick but honestly I'm not trying
to show myself off but yesterday just at
the fair I met these three these three
fans shout out to you here Gavin and I
know Tristan was another one but there
was one more I forgot I forgot his name
but I like walked around the fair with
them they watch me play basketball I
hired them to be my bodyguards with
Wayne got food all this then I meant
separate fans bought food for three of
them like like I love meeting fans I
love meeting people who watched my
videos I loved talking to them and
everything you could ask them everyone
who's met me at the fair but at a house
it's different like think about it I'm
young I like to be outside the house if
I'm in the house there has to be a
reason whether I'm tired and I want to
relax whether I'm doing homework
whether I'm editing videos like like and
the main thing is if me and rug aren't
busy we come out we go out and actually
as a matter of fact all the fans that
I'm talking about in this video that
came to our house you would imagine oh
like he just made this video and he
didn't go out no I'm making this video
and I still met them I still met like
90% of them no matter what I was doing
and like also now that jack is working
at the fair she's working eight-hour
shifts every single day like I barely
have time to see you're like okay I'm
not trying to show off or be cool but
we're dating like we spend time alone
like you know what I mean I don't have
to get directly to the point but we we
like to be alone we're not trying to be
in bed and you have people either
throwing rocks at the door window or
yelling Brandon Brandon when I embed in
the limited amount of time I have to
spend with my girlfriend before she has
to go to work it's just like and and
honestly if we're being honest if you
tweet to me before you show up and you
say hey Brandon are you guys busy and I
replied no we're not busy then then come
to our house and I think I'm actually
being too nice because who does that who
lets fans come to their house but but
I'm going as far as doing this if you
tweet to me or Brian I don't know Brian
would reply but if you tweet to me and I
will give you an answer like either if I
don't give you an answer I take it as
we're busy because I might be too busy
to reply or I'll straight up say hey
sorry like I'm at the gym or sorry I'm
I'm busy or if I say no we're not busy
come on then come on like I'm not saying
we're banning all people from coming to
our house it's just like like it's just
showing up uninvited and doing the
little things like like there were
people who waited outside for over an
hour and when they would come to the
game bang on it we didn't show up they'd
go back in the car and kind of like I
don't want to say take a nap but they
would kind of like put the feet up and
just relax come back after five minutes
and and another thing is like like ice I
cannot make this up this is all true
this is all true this there's people
that they come by once hey we need we
take pictures and they're back the next
day and I'm just like oh hey like didn't
you come by yesterday they're like oh
yeah and they come back the next day and
the next day and all of a sudden it
turns into a hangout spot they're
outside playing basketball on our hoop
they're sitting on our grass waiting for
someone to come out just to talk and
another thing is someone will come
someone that goes to school around here
will come and we'll meet that
and then the following day they'll bring
one of their friends and the next person
that guy brings another one of their
friends and the next day he brings
another one of their friends it's like
they go to school and be like hey so I
found out where they live you want to
come with me today you want like you're
not a tour guide you can't bring people
to our home like guys I hate making this
video I hate it it just makes me come
off as a dick and that's not the way I'm
trying to go like I said if you have me
on periscope or snapchat all the fans
that I meet at the fair not only do I
say hi or take pictures you can comment
down below because I know you guys are
watching this I do the most I walk
around with them have conversation with
them some of them I buy food for them
play games with them some of them ask me
to go on rides but I'm too much of a
pussy so I'm just like no way but that's
beyond the point and even though I'm
speaking right now about the fans that
came to our house I still went out and
met them still so I'm not trying to
throw shade I'm not trying to be rude
I'm not trying to be mean this is a
legit like just two random days like I
didn't tell people oh come on in these
two days to purposely make this video
I didn't pick a Friday or Saturday
because the weekend more people come I
literally just picked two random days
and here's what came up nearly 50 people
showed up 50 and I get it yeah the
parents they're like oh we're sorry we
didn't want to bother thank you for
being uh like you know having your
doubts of showing up but I've seen some
parents where they're in the car saying
obeying louder they'll come out or I've
seen some some a dad who saw the lights
open in my room and the son was like I
don't think they're home he's like no I
see the lights open just wait they'll
come out like uh like I said guys if
we're not busy I don't I don't want to
call bronzy making his video but we've
met I want to say over the past year we
are 400 fans at our house I'm not
counting them all the fair stores the
gym I'm counting at our house hundreds
of fans when we're not busy we come out
when we're outside playing basketball
weenie fans
it's just that people can't come here
and expect like I said if you want me to
go over it again we have appointments
we're human we have places we have to be
at certain times just as where youtubers
doesn't mean the place we have to be
says oh yeah take your time you could be
late no we're human too we have places
we have to be at certain times jackie
has like I said she has work and she
also has her stomach she can even go out
to get medicine
she couldn't even go to avoid the
traffic to her job because there were so
many people outside my mom has can't
even take the trash out my dad has
sustained his car extra after he gets
back from work and and it's not about
like I go to school right now I'm on
summer break so I'm lucky but could you
imagine if I'm trying to study and
there's people throwing stuff out the
window or or if I have a 5 a final a
test and like I have to go to class and
there's people waiting outside blocking
like and I know comments are going to
say dude just call the cops bah bah I
don't want to do that I would never want
to call the cops on people who show up
to come me like like imagine if out if I
somehow went to Eric Bludso's house
somehow and he called the cops on me
like you just don't do that these people
come without any bad intentions they
just come to meet you I'm not going to
call the cops I would just expect a
little more respect for someone's home
and privacy and like I said we're not
upstairs looking and saying oh we're
gonna ignore them no we're doing
something like I said I'm young I don't
like to be home if I'm home there must
be a reason you know I love going to the
gym I love hanging out with Jackie and
my friends I love going out if I'm home
it's either because I'm tired and I want
to relax or maybe I want to spend time
with my family because I've spent a lot
of time out maybe I have to edit a video
daily uploads for five months now we
don't ignore for no reason I mean it's
just like
last year or even a couple months ago
there'd be a couple of fans a week and
that makes sense me and Brian were both
smaller on YouTube and people were in
school now with summer break and Brian
I'm having them say myself but Brian
growing the way he is on YouTube is like
sure it's expected that more fans would
show up but at this rate if almost 50
every two days that's that's like two
that's almost 300 fans a week I'm sorry
but I can't do it
I don't think Brian could do it my mom
and dad sure as hell can't do it we just
like we have stuff to do this is a this
isn't a meet and greet home and um I
never wanted to make this video like I
said I really didn't but if this is the
way summer break the whole summer is
going to be because I know people don't
have school and what scares me is I
start my school while you guys are as
college starts earlier than like high
school or middle school while you guys
are strong summer break and I don't want
to have to mix studying and go into
class with like like it's one thing if
I'm going to the gym and okay I'll be 10
minutes late that's one thing and and a
lot of people would say do just go out
say hi and say bye I don't like to do
that like I said people come from
different states and different cities if
I meet them I wanna I want to sign
autographs take pictures conversate with
them let them ask questions you know
like spend time with them maybe eat with
them so so it's easy to say dude it's
not that hard just go out say hi and
then leave no I don't like to do that I
just feel rude like I feel like it comes
off as really like I don't like to do
that and I hope I didn't come off as a
dick in this video if I didn't delete
the footage you guys would see what I'm
talking about
and and please I'm excuse me for my
language but there's idiots that comment
oh well you UN drug accidentally flogged
your address so your address is leaf
it's your fault
listen even if I knew where the whole
entire son's team lived I'm now going to
go show to their home and bang on the
door it's called national neutral place
you're not invited to it doesn't I know
where Jackie lives and
I'm still not going to show up uninvited
and that's my girlfriend it doesn't
matter someone's address is leaked that
doesn't give you permission to like show
up to the house so I don't want to post
this video but I'm going to anyways and
there's going to be mixed comments you
know I'm expecting some comments to say
dude you're such a dick just meet the
fans that's fine but I'm also expecting
comments to understand imagine if this
was your home imagine if it was your
life we have things to do so yeah like I
said I hope you didn't come off as too
douchey ask anyone I've met out at the
fair of the mall I'm a really nice
person I'm really humble and I hope this
doesn't change your view on me and for
everyone that's going to be featured in
the video I wish I didn't delete the
footage but I still have some footage
for everyone featured in it this was not
targeted in any way towards you fans in
this video I simply just picked two days
to film and you guys were somehow in it
I didn't target you guys as oh I hate
these people No so here it is and I hope
you guys understand what I'm talking
about it's just gotten to the point
where someone had to speak up on name
we've done tweets here and there but
I've had to make a video so and again
one last thing I just feel like I have
to say this we love our fans let's be
real if it wasn't for you guys we
wouldn't even be making videos like you
guys are the whole reason we do YouTube
you guys are the whole reason we wake up
with a smile on my face at least I know
I do and like and like I said I could
easily say no more fans to the house but
instead I'm saying just just tweet me
and if you get a response then come on
like I'm not even saying no more so like
we love you guys it's just like it's
gone to the point where I'm sure
everyone would be doing the same thing
I'm sure for example let's say
fouseytube
or other like youtubers or even
celebrities or athletes if they have
this problem I'm sure they would speak
up and we definitely are not going to
call the cops we don't want to call the
cops on fans that's that's extreme
that's rude and we just hope this video
changes a little something I don't know
but we do love you guys so don't take it
the wrong way it's just like a situation
and time and place where something
should have happened and something
should be happening and this just isn't
a place to come in you know chill like I
don't know
guys one last thing I forgot to add I'm
editing a video and I can't believe I
forgot to add it
first of all shout out because more fans
came by when I was editing this video he
asked me to put this in a video I know
this isn't the right video to put it in
but also read it said he watched all my
videos yeah here Castro he congratulate
surround all my subscribers and he's not
a fan of the Suns but he enjoys me
talking about them so thank you for that
please read on camera crazy fan of yours
okay thank you I don't by the way nice
drawing thank you for leaving it but on
yeah I can't leave I forgot to put this
in the video people actually come and
vlog our address and license plates I
know they don't do it purposely but like
you can't come on you can't vlog I
understand you're trying to start a
YouTube channel what like what better
way than meeting faze rug or going to
faze rug and bruh Wallace's house I
understand that's a good way to start
but all I ask if you're going to come
record like I I thought this was common
sense but apparently not because trust
me
from what I've no trust me it's not
please don't record the address don't
record the street name and don't record
the car license plates and not only vlog
the address and license plate but then
upload it to youtube or uploaded to
Twitter Instagram like putting it out on
the internet as if it's not already out
there but you know what I mean like
there's I'm kid you not I walk out and
kids are filming the damn like I'm not
saying don't make a vlog that's not up
to me to your camera it's your channel
make your vlog but all I ask is respect
if you meet us go ahead film us record
before whatever you want but just try
not to record like how are you gonna
come record the address I don't know
guys imma leave it here and I just hope
this video didn't come out too douchey I
guess I don't know I hope not
it's not it's not it's not even 1 p.m.
and 3 different cards of fans I've
already came to our house jack has to
get ready for work I'm arrived for work
so we're about to go leave all the way
to the ferret's try to avoid traffic
Bosley just had a seizure so someone's
about to go take him to the vet Brian's
still editing we're busy
seeing and we have people banging on the
gate all day I don't know like you don't
come to someone's house sighs you don't
come to someone even if like if we're
outside we're more than happy to come to
talk and take pictures and whatever but
like like I said I'm still editing my
video Brian sliding his video
jackie has work Bosley we're trying to
get Bosley either to the fair or do
something because he just had a seizure
and he's upstairs and we have multiple
people banging out at the doors
screaming he got a seizure because
someone banged on the gay and so he ran
downstairs jumped off the top
if this happens daily I wouldn't be
making a big deal if it happened weekly
or even once a month but this is daily
and it's just and putting stuff on my
car I saw the video on Twitter he ran up
to my car put the Donald Trump thing ran
back to his car and started laughing no
do you use that and it goes on sometimes
for hours like if we're not busy we are
going to come out getting the idol for
Jackie and before and more pins outside
I don't know what to say obviously for
oh no guys this is just one day like
this we've already supposed to leave
Sarah job a while ago she got a really
bad stomachache
more fans recording fifth time today and
it's only like two o'clock and they were
I just told them I said don't record the
front of our house and they said okay so
I don't know I really did not want to
make this video I did not but don't you
think it crosses the line when two fans
who came by already two times in the
past two days they came by two days ago
and they came by yesterday I walk out
because I see people filming our house
and they say they're making of long and
I said if you're making a vlog do not
get the license plate of mine or Jackie
or my mom's car and do not get our
address like like you you can't come
here and make a vlog of our I don't know
guys I just don't know this is getting
crazy like look at this you got a fan
park right in front of my driveway I
mean I don't want to honk to be rude but
I mean I have to go edit my video and I
got my own house I have to find
somewhere else to park
moorthi I'm trying to edit my video the
normal day like this is just a normal
day in our life the other day when I
first started recording five different
people all before three o'clock and then
now today already three three different
cars came by and it's it's not even one
um what did you say you want to throw
the trash shall I go outside I swear the
fame is getting to my mom no no she
can't even she came in throw the go
outside my god this fan actually came
into our house I'm actually scared of
this fan she actually tried to touch me
but she's in her house because I'm
actually scared of his fan she like
tries to do stuff for me she's right
there she's coming upstairs
car number four from today I repeat car
number four and coming to p.m. guys so
we had five cars yesterday make it six
really really late at night first of all
I want to say thank you to the person
who left this but it was very late he
says hey bruh waters I left I love your
videos happy early birthday
say hi to Bosley I really wanted to meet
you I stole my dad's car and I have a
bedtime so he had to go back home
see that's proof how late it was so that
was six cars yesterday of fans and then
today it's already been four it's it's
guys this is just two days in the life
like I never wanted to make a video
about this but it's just too much like
so you guys I'm telling you I don't know
if you could tell but the parents are
just like resting in the car one of them
has their feet up on the windshield
pretty much like taking a nap while the
Sun is like at the door like right there
okay guys so I did have plans to
whatever I had plans to do but these
people are
I've been camping outside with the
windows in their car open resting their
feet taking like so I know they're not
going to leave so I'm and just go say hi
mom I left my keys upstairs
