got this guy's I just started driving
again I had to pull over for how long
like fun I was pulled over I couldn't
even drive like I actually want to cry
he'll because he literally drew like
like he grabbed his phone stop dryly I
mean I was driving without his hands no
I just like wait hold on I actually
can't explain it I wanted I have to cry
but I can't cuz my girlfriend she's
gonna call me a pussy he's been wanting
to cry since these guys clearly eric
bledsoe listen so like you know how he's
okay he's replied to one of my tweets
before when I tagged him and asked him a
question and that was crazy
then he replied to another one of my
tweets cuz I wore his jersey and I
tagged him so he saw it today out of
nowhere I haven't tagged him I like I
haven't talked to him I haven't done
nothing I haven't done anything I was
just like when like just randomly I get
a notification on my phone what's so out
of no way why did I just look I'm so
happy I even signal to go up my driveway
I'm doing everything the right way but
babe I've never done that in my life
why I just reminded that yesterday so so
dumb guys hold on I'm lookin dude I
actually crazy like oh my god guys
alright so check this out so me and my
girlfriend are out getting chick-fil-a
like we're jogging chick-fil-a and so
like I get a notification on my uh
Twitter and and Eric Bledsoe had tagged
me and I'm just like this is weird
because I haven't tagged him not just
today I haven't tagged him in a while I
haven't like talked to him I have a
message Sam I haven't tweeted about him
or anything just so random tweet like
and he tweets this
okay I I'm just like wait hold on like
like I said I didn't tweet him I didn't
tag him I didn't do anything so like he
literally just woke up and and like just
thought about I don't want to say
thought about me but he just like
tweeted that completely on his own no I
like guys that's actually insane he's
replied to me before when I've tweeted
to him he's you know he's favorited my
tweet that he's been mentioned in this
was completely random like and saying
that I should be a sports analyst like
and I know my stuff like it's just crazy
guys like what so he just woke up and
was like okay let me tweet about
branding the waters today like oh no I
was driving and I had to pull over and I
had to hold myself from crying so bad
was actually insane and it's like this
is lit like Suns if you if any of you
guys are watching this look how happy
you can make one person people get happy
from money from gifts from pussy well
are you happy from that but my point is
look how happy a single basketball team
a single player can make someone I was
freaking like I just flipped out I just
think about it from all variables like I
don't just think Oh blech Oh tweeted to
me no I think about how I hadn't talked
to him I hadn't tweeted him like this
literally just came randomly so what
would you like maybe you watched one of
my videos maybe he was like looking
through my Twitter and saw that I tweet
a lot about basketball I don't know
but regardless he tagged me first he
talked to me he mentioned me and I just
I was playing it off cool I just quoted
it and I was like thanks homie I can't
wait to see your first all-star season
next year man that shit was I can't
believe it
it's been like two hours and I still
can't stop smiling like this is for sure
the craziest thing that's ever happened
to you just the fact that like I didn't
I didn't like tweet him I didn't mention
him like it was just random like he just
woke up and be like okay yeah let me
tweet about bruh Wallace today like I
don't know now I owe it to him to yes
it says Devin Booker and I gotta put
earbuds on the other side and I got a I
don't know guys I just I don't even know
what to say like I just want to tell the
whole world it's actually crazy
I can never ever find the right words
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
say they feel there's no weird that I
make a little bit more on my shots here
a little more than I prepare conspiracy
say that it feels right
can you tell me you we're gonna watch
oh you made the right chip lovely I came
in talking my own home you made the
right choice
Oh 20 plus game 7 game 7 Bosley guys
look I'm so happy i money this better as
fruit what is I don't even know what
this is but for some reason it's so
bitter and it makes me cringe like you
know when you guys watch me and Jack you
guys always comment cringe cringe cringe
whatever that means like you shit
yourself
I don't know well look it's just bitter
it's fucking bitter that's what it is as
you know at the barbershop today the
fucking me and the barber were betting
on free-throws like he'd like a guy
barber is cutting my hair right first of
all don't ever go to a barber shop
during an NBA Finals game because they
were all so into the game and they were
going crazy that my barber went too high
right here I don't know if you could
tell so like it's straight straight
straight and then it goes a little too
high right here it's nothing too bad but
it's not usually like that they were too
into the game so he he went a little too
hot on my edge up but anyways we're like
and then there's another barber sitting
in front of me he had no customers and
he's just like all right five bucks says
he makes both free throws and I'm just
like he makes one out of two he's like
now five bucks he says he makes both and
then I still remember one Barbosa got a
load for three
I bet five that he would miss at least
one free throw he made all three who was
fucking what kind of barber takes bets
on free throws while cutting while
getting a haircut
I know shit I just finished taking a
piss best day of my life I found the
best shoes I left in here from earlier
today I knew I didn't finish them I
never knew where they went
here they are oh my god oh my god guys
you won't fucking believe it I literally
like cried out wings and things I like I
have the biggest smile on my face I'm
the worker was like oh you got a cute
text and I was like uh something like
that guys you won't fucking believe it
no way guys no hold on I'm just gonna
explain this better at my house because
you guys can't see right now but I legit
like oh my god this is crazy this is
actually crazy I'm about I'm about to
get home and explain this to you guys I
can't even eat I don't know why about
food
I gave me the anymore I'm too excited
okay guys back to my famous spot of
telling you guys about Eric Bledsoe you
thought it was good at first you thought
it was good at fucking first you thought
in the morning it was good oh hold on
hold on just tell you guys this I have
to do this I wear it backwards because
it's too big it's a size bigger so looks
like draped down when I wear regular but
I look like a dumbass when I wearing
backwards so either way I take this l
okay guys so listen thanks little so
much that was for Harry Glenn so but
anyways so I'm out wings and things
you're not waiting for my order and the
guy was already trying to chop it up
with me for whatever reason but anyways
and I got a notification that Eric
Bledsoe mentioned me one of my followers
on Twitter one of my subscribers on
YouTube shout out to you Aiden
he tweeted to him and he was like we all
want to see you in Brandon's video is
that going to happen and Bledsoe quoted
as saying coming soon and you know I
flipped out but that was something he
had already said last week so I was like
you know what like like ever since
Bledsoe followed me months ago to this
day you know I've tweeted to him a
couple times but I never wanted to
bother him or come off I was weird so I
never ever DM him I never message him I
didn't slide him the dmz yet I didn't
want to like like Jackie were gone that
I'm just joking but I like I never
wanted to bother him but Taniya just
like you know what like he's obviously
active on Twitter he clearly knows who I
am
we've replied back and forth for a
couple tweets so let me just message in
so not expecting a reply I did not
expect a reply I fuck it like I just
messaged him like whatever let me try it
I said don't mean to bother you homie I
know you're busy putting in that work in
the offseason but I'm definitely making
that trip to Phoenix for a few games
next season if you're serious about
linking up that'd be sick and he said I
bet we definitely can and I thought like
and then hold on and then I said good
looks bro with this emoji even though
I'm weak as fuck I said keep eating bro
like basketball wise I said I'll be
covering your first all-star game on my
youtube channel next season and he said
first sure homie and I see you doing
your thing and like I never applied to
that because I just want I play cool bro
I fucking flipped out like
I was like out wings and things like the
like biggest smile on my face and the
worker was like oh you get a cute text
and I was just like uh something like
that guys Wow
like like oh my okay I don't know how
many times I said like I'm not many
times I said guys and but I do know how
many folks I give zero because I don't
care this is actually crazy like like
I'm DM I'm messaging I'm talking to Eric
Bledsoe getting up like like a promise
that he's going to be in my videos next
season whether that's like a full video
of us doing whatever or whether that's
just him talking in my vlog whatever it
is like I just got like like I just got
word that he's gonna be in my videos
next season for sure and I'm pretty sure
he's checked out my youtube channel cuz
he said he said good looks I see you
doing your thing like god I'm not gonna
like oh my gosh this is actually fuck I
don't know what to say guys I really do
not know what to say but but it's just
amazing to get recognized by a team and
by players that you've been following so
for so long and you like you're so
passionate about this certain thing so
for you to get recognized for me to get
recognized I should say it's just I
can't wait big things are coming and I
just can't wait to see what the future
holds and this is just a sign of things
to come like imma let you guys go now I
really don't know what to say
Jackie's coming over like in like five
minutes so she's in for a treat
but uh no guys oh I don't even know what
to say guys I'm so happy right now
like you know when you were a kid and
like you went to Toys R Us and you kept
begging your mom for a toy and she was
like pinch your ear and fucking slap you
so you know okay the garage we're not
we're not getting that toy and you would
start crying but but there were some
times when your mom like she had just
gotten dick last night or something but
she would be in a good mood and she dug
okay yeah fine you can go get that toy
and you'd be like yeah like that like
that's literally how I feel like fuck
I'm oh no guys this is crazy
guys I get so scared when I see pawsley
sleeping like this because I don't know
if you guys know like just cuz dogs
aren't human doesn't mean they can't die
like dogs die - they're not immortal
just cuz they're not human every time I
see boy oh he changed
pawsley now go back to sleep how you
were it's better from my vlog go back go
back go come on Bosley come on if you
don't go back to sleep how you where I
want to put you in the garage oh no and
now is when he taunts me with his tongue
yeah Bosley go back come on I wanted to
show them how you were sleeping
yeah guys good boy Bosley good boy okay
let's pretend that Bosley look he taught
me with his tongue I swear every time
Jackie comes over he stares at her for
30 minutes and does that to her stop
doing that when Jackie comes over Bosley
come on go back on a shoulder bravado I
thought you were sleeping while I was so
scared okay guys hold on I'm gonna go
back and turn the corner again stay with
Bosley guys get yourself a fucking dog
who listens and get yourself a dog who
doesn't try to proof your girlfriend
that he can eat her out every time she
comes over
I'm telling you she eats all of our
snacks every time I'm hungry every time
I'm starving I go down and I'm like home
what the fuck happened to all of our
snacks I didn't any snacks now I
remembered that Jackie was over earlier
don't touch me I'm serious don't get on
the same path as me tell your nose your
what mm-hmm
you damn bring them off are you going
those are mine
I'm not what I'm not I'm not I'm not
okay put it down put it down put it down
put it down I'll take them out I'll take
them out I'll take them out guys so it's
2:00 in the morning right now 158 to be
exact and I just woke up middle of the
night from my middle of the night piss
well first of all I know surprising as
it is I was actually asleep before 2:00
a.m. because I just decided I'm not
gonna play at lunchtime basketball
tomorrow and instead I'm just gonna edit
when I wake up so I'm not awake editing
Jackie went home and I knocked out like
at 1:00 in the morning so anyways I wake
up for my middle of the night pace by
the way I love middle of the night
pisses but anyways so I wake up from our
middle of the night piss for the
millionth time and it's check my phone
and the sun's themselves like the
Phoenix Suns Twitter account favorited a
tweet of mine from like last month like
a picture guys oh my god today tonight
actually like insane can you imagine
what my dreams gonna be my dream is
literally going to be me sitting on the
swings with Eric Bledsoe holding hands
riding at the same rhythm in the same
pace or my dream is going to be like
riding you know the bikes that have the
two the two seater bikes down the
fucking coast of the beach with Eric
black so like I don't even know guys I'm
just gonna go to sleep right now so
goodnight
holy shit like I don't even know guys
guys I was wondering where the hell my
gutters went and look fucking remembered
I have to be the only person on this
earth who fucking leaves the same pack
of gushers ever since this morning till
2:00 in the morning I mean ever since
fucking whatever you get my point the
whole entire day the same pack of gusher
is unfinished in two different bathrooms
around the house oh my god fuck yes
Jackie went home without taking her
snacks or eating them so now I have all
these snacks for before I go to sleep
right now Thank You May and appreciate a
Jackie guys on a side note how hyped are
you guys for Game seven how excited are
you guys for Game seven this is what NBA
fans die for one last game to determine
the whole entire season all 82 games all
nine months of the regular season comes
down to one game like this is it game 7
NBA Finals it does not get any better
than this I predicted Cavs in seven to
start that videos on my NBA Channel and
I'm sticking with my prediction LeBron
has been amazing and this series shows
why although Stefan curry is the best
shooter in the world right now
Stefan curry the NBA MVP is the best
shooter in the league right now in the
world and possibly the best shooter in
NBA history
this series has shown that LeBron James
is the best all-around player in the NBA
today LeBron James is the best
all-around complete basketball play
in the game today and that's just facts
anyways guys this is a message to the
NBA in to the Cavs and to the Warriors
can we please see a good game 7 every
single game in the series 20-point loss
30 point loss 15 point loss fucking
another 20-point loss can we just see a
good game please sincerely all NBA fans
we just want to see a close grind it out
game 7
we want to see when it comes down to it
push come to show with these superstars
in a close game we want to see who's
going to show out we want to see who is
made of steel we want to see who
crumbles under pressure
