got this okay guys
Jackie's outside mom okay and Jackie
tried to talk to my mom mom what did you
say I'm not that into why why because he
started excited her to call her she did
is so I'm gonna use the same thing she
says a bitch shit okay babe where is me
my mom I mean what did what were you
gonna say to my mom first of all I'm not
are you okay why didn't you mom you said
you're gonna ignore her
yeah well hold on get that shit off my
bed what are you doing wash this and she
washed
she washed it hey hey so I need you to
think
wait what makes you think you can come
into my house with a Laker an actual one
no way guys
she literally comes into my house
without with a Kobe Jersey and I'm just
like I don't know who the hell you think
you are or what balls you grew overnight
I don't know is this Laker colors or
Phoenix Suns colors hey no oh it's
pretty sure it's supposed to be with
white but she put the softener on it oh
my god see that okay love them so mama
Kizzy their father what was it for dad
yeah
okay but what made you grow the balls to
come into my house a Kobe Jersey so
shout out to the shout out Nikki
shoutout for ruining the shirt I'm
pretty sure it's a softener don't worry
how would you do that
I'm serious I'm serious
hey why would you do that I feel like
you're gonna wash my jacket so much it's
gonna shrink
I saw your jacket anymore it's mine now
literally mom speaks Spanish Oh guys I
just broke the news to Jackie I have a
son she should I told her before that
come on okay why did I have him when I
was like 15 or 14 I need to close the
door yeah one you didn't know how to
fill up I do now cuz I actually have a
son his name is uh juju I don't know
what his real name is what you see and
then I call him a ho he says I'm no no I
was not a ho how you were I have one son
okay one's gonna know we were at church
with me and juju and I was holding him
like this for like three hours and the
priest had to dip his head in water and
he started crying so much and so much oh
so I guess he's not my real son who's
just my godson but talk about uh
something I know Lily it's my godson
when your girl bah bah bah find some
shit out about you be a ho and you're
caught and this is going to be you like
that
this is what do you do why not your
boyfriend has a baby mom a godson a God
mama what listen guys this is this is
the meme when your girlfriend finds out
you have a son and you guys have been
dating for almost a year
no you're not what's a smile why it's
funny cuz yours what's it look like I'm
not to be your ass okay fine that's not
you're still smiling you're still
smiling cut it's funny no it's not okay
fine it's a god you're supposed to look
like if I was to grab that airs blood
still shirt I got you and literally took
a shit on it oh that's what you're
supposed to look like like that right
there right there so you're supposed to
look like once I found out you have a
baby mama
I'm a virgin oh I actually got out of
the time guys look what I made I I don't
know any how big my nose is the first
time I noticed it was because he brought
it to the hotel and you know what I see
I'm like what the fuck is that
guys look I made this and ceramics
it's a photo frame right I got it signed
by Goran drugget when I went to the
son's game I was supposed to put a
picture of me and Dragons together here
but the security guard let me take a
fucking picture with draaga CH and I was
about to cry out like please I'm
guessing no just an autograph so then
now I have right that day no I did so
then now I've seen Brendan cry more than
love
okay and I've seen you cry when I go in
so I wouldn't be talking here I always
bring it to us with us in the hotel room
cuz I like to imagine I live at the
hotel no but the first time I noticed it
was actually so funny I literally walk
in and the first thing you see is this
bit of look where did you get that from
babe where my fake chain fits you fake
look she has the real chain and the fake
chain someone said that's
don't wear anymore no dad's fake gold
the one on her neck is real hold on guys
wait we have to get off-camera really
quick cuz I told Jackie from now on I'm
playing hard to get try to get me nope
nope tell me say I think you're cute
you're so cute
thanks okay say thank you say it back no
I'm playing hard to get
say say I really like you as more than a
friend I want to be your friend okay
fine okay I played hard-to-get for ten
seconds and then I gave up because she
said I have a big ass and she gets mad
when I sit on her oh oh
it's cuz it's big and that he actually
puts his whole weight on me and the
other day we were literally talking back
he's like 30 pounds more than I am or 50
they won't take me like 2 pounds more
yeah you wish I'm sorry what if your mom
can fix the Laker shirt
babe how did you actually look what is
actually wrong with you I opened the
garage she's holding the Lakers Jersey
and I said yeah she actually was about
to grab it and throw it on the floor I
understand like yeah my dad's a Suns fan
you wanted to pull me I mean a Lakers
fan he wanted to pull my hair like this
and punch me the eye somehow a black eye
have you guys seen the Twitter page
where it's 30-second fights that is to
do I just saw and I'm just like wait did
you forget who I was you know what cuz
you put the toy I gave you in the back
of your chin you name it okay babe I
always look at it what's his name Booker
Booker
he may be does your face feel soft
no son are you why my girlfriend is
trying to tell me oh look Rick Tammy
messed up oh do you see where Tammy
messed up I told her
nobody does it better than Tammy and you
keep trying to criticize her love
no big can I please you're yours babe
guys look my girlfriend doesn't have any
tissues beautiful and perfect but okay
hold on can I do the wax over here he'll
know why we ever watched that episode of
victorious was which cat takes off her
eyebrow jade kills her no no there's no
death on your clay makes her bald so
what are you gonna do to me
actually cut your goatee and everything
what did you think I'm gonna kiss you
but you never kiss me anymore I should
have known better
my Lilly is gay me huh okay fine no I
know how to do it
Tammy taught me okay five to give me a
kiss I won't do it a real one
white guys for all you people who say
because they comment like when me and
you kiss they say dude Brandon you don't
even know how to kiss you kids on campus
we're like 12 they said they said dude
you kiss like a fucking camel why don't
you learn how to kiss stay here give me
a kiss is that how you're supposed to
kiss I don't know my girlfriend asked me
she said she said what did you she said
if you're on America's Got Talent
what would you do for your talent and I
said I would do this out whistle what
the hell are you doing no not guys she
wants let's play any song and blast it
she said she wants to do the Challenger
she blasts music and I have to lip say
something and she guesses what I say
okay guys here's my word
I can't okay wait guys here's my word
fuck you okay babe babe but yeah uh uh
I said cute you're cute look you know I
didn't
I said you're cute you're so cute I
actually can't hear you stop talking so
loud my dog's asleep
potatoes okay guys she wants to do one
more round I always want more rounds
book you want to fuck me wrong she knows
I didn't even say wrong
I bet you I didn't even say robbed but
she knows that's the only way I said I
want to love you is it babe wait you
should try it
okay I'm not playing the smallest that's
all I know I know you said while you
have a big-ass head no I did yeah you
did
what would you say say what yo big eyes
oh you have a big yet Bosley she really
just came up to me and said Bosley
garage Bosley garage garage bill do you
see that in like me she wakes me Bosley
babe Ozzie looks different huh guys I'm
just joking this is his dog thing him I
say what's up
oh I stepped on her pee I said on her
feet like oh my gosh that's on the dogs
feet yes she peed on the board I stepped
on it Bosley garage
yeah she peed on you oh my god I stepped
on the feet babe would you still massage
my foot this dog she won't leave they
have to go okay
Bosley come let's go no don't get busted
let's go let's go come on
come on Zoe Zoe oh my god
Zoe garage right now if you don't leave
- Zoe you want to go in the car Zoe
let's go for a walk
like Bosley's come on come on come on
Zoe
Oh wrinkle Basel you always talk about
girls and when one is in front of you
don't do anything
no sake oh like Zoey 101 Zoe hey she's
literally The Lion King was sure baby
you're such a liar
no I'm serious babe you lied to me more
times today than I bought you in my
whole life a cage zero so it's a lot but
I said she's ratchet look her socks are
ripped no I swear to you I love wafers
no plus you seen up bless you guys
that's how she sneezes I'm so glad I got
it on camera cuz no one believes me she
does guys we were talking about like cuz
she told me she only likes me for my
body like not myself oh my god so she
asked me she said do you like me like
for my you know my soul and like my
personality or do you like me for my
body I said babe obvious I like you for
your personality and she said oh no you
really said I like you for your pee in
your egg no I like you for your ass
listen Paz talk to me oh okay so what do
you like me for listen wristlock ah no
I'm not ratchet like you yeah you are
well now you change something no I do
other sock I live that's right in her
right ear and he's like I love me she
has the nails that go all the way like
ten feet long but my feet are so fucking
big yeah you know yeah that's not what
you're gonna say hey how many Chin's do
you have whale ishes nyhavn look what
guys you know Vegas does the over-under
like oh how many points are the cows
going to score over under 100 how many
chances Jackie out over under eight nine
even talking to I'm serious what Jackie
always makes fun of me for how I roll my
eyes she says I don't do it right and I
need to do it because obviously if I'm
dating a Latino like Jackie I need to
know how to roll my eyes look is this
right oh say say uh say babe you pissed
me off today that's my keys over there
no you want me to go find your keys guys
how are you going through all your eyes
guys we got the struggle watch twice
it's not even on that side
couples who pump gas together it's a
proven fact that they end up getting
married within a year of them pumping
gas so proving that when your girlfriend
doesn't know how to pump gas and you
help her that it helps the relationship
she asked me she asked me how do I lock
this
Jordan has a nerve to step foot in my
house Jordan holla let me get you a
different Jersey really quick I was
gonna give him the Bledsoe sleeve but I
think he wants to show off his muscles
so we'll give him a welcome at Berkeley
maybe Darden well yeah Phil understand
can come I'm a Laker for life yeah Laker
for life tiger for life
Kobe verse and his Kanter Kobe and it's
Kanter
Ali's modeling my gold chain how do you
feel with the gold chain I feel dumb
swag what son only one questions pity
poor better all even you okay wait
there's always I have urine yeah you
need this one with earrings Hey the fake
gold chain Jordan Oh Jordan
Basel you look tired guys body looks
tired so all he had a question here
would you say what was the last time you
changed batteries like charged him I
always didn't have full charge so
recharge his batteries yeah and then
he'll be hyper because wall charge and
then going around a little and then
charge them again at night probably go
on the couch
anth dad how do you say H H no h h c
like spell a son G H E how do Middle
East and say eh eh eh yeah they say edge
like further they go th e o say telly
tubby
she says V instead of B my mom said her
favorite video on the Internet is what
no one dad was shown
the videos and there was the girl psycho
this is the one to girl someone go and
tell your favorite video
she loves two girls one con no business
all these hurt no one seen Scarface all
he wants to be Scarface so bad all idea
wish to be him that's your role model
huh oh we're on yes are we Netflix I'm
killing yes so why don't one else here
just me meet you birthday and he lost
his tickets in the red curry go on quick
gets on all the rides at the fair for
free use this trick alright so my friend
he goes up to the people at the front
goes hey it's my friend's birthday we
lost all our tickets on the ride can you
please let us in so the right person
says go on home he let us through please
yes or you just offer them drugs because
they all get paid in drugs anyways so it
doesn't matter card pawsley where are
you going in the garage right now posi
we're going in the garage Bosley no
garage okay Bobby
Thursday June 17th four more hours until
my haircut I'm hyped good bye guys thank
you so much for watching
