I got this okay we have the crowd front
row Bosley you're about to watch we
start first of all are you guys ready or
no but wait really quick we got 15 items
we're gonna pick five popcorn watermelon
cheese soy sauce danimals hot wings
caramel cookies
Cheetos fruit snacks croutons mustard
french fries hot sauce and 7up okay so
now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna write
all of them on a piece of paper were
going to put the papers in a bowl and
we're gonna close our eyes we're each
gonna pick five like I said once we pick
five we're gonna put those items in a
cup blender right here okay guys so me
Jordan and all the all went to
elementary schools given what was all
lien known for outside from his good
looks Wolsey known for uh Ashley Delgado
oh yeah besides that it I mean it's and
writing his handwriting is its famous so
Ollie here why don't you do the honors
of just right I just want you to write a
hot wing write a hot wing how old are
you 21
Holly won fuck would you connect cheetos
cheetos okay guys are gonna finish
writing these chip or toby out here
whoo guys what are these called again uh
the things you put in salad crouton
muchas loving the crew man she's got a
favorite posting probably Bosley gosh so
we got all 15 items in here fold 1815
Bosley while I'm giving but uh I'll
leave some chills are now scaring so
okay so hold on
Jordan's birthday tomorrow shot him 29
out to the draw our dense pack shout out
Jordan 21 tomorrow item 21 weekend June
23rd Ali turned 41 a couple months ago
so we're gonna let Jordan pick first
Jordan without the feet just pick one
without further ado it Oh without like
the out looking this one just one okay
open it what do we have here but there's
an above right there on know that laughs
right these aren't regular vio these
aren't already eight and animal fries
I'm halfway ate and fries would in a
spray can haha I'll just grab her vikas
handwriting since grammar and
handwriting billion in here but it's
melted cheese onion Jordan just fucking
here I'm no you I'm just gonna for full
to your cup oh I got a pitcher in yellow
and I gotta put him out now I don't want
it put it I'm gonna put it for you yeah
yeah it's a lot you have to come with
the cheese and stuff yeah oh yeah just
put that food you put that raw compost
lega li and like song video it's all
hours old are you doing
okay bye - see you okay that's it that's
it
okay next only you want to go next we
won't meet with an album next so I said
I guess take this out just leave it for
decoration okay I'll leave this one's
for the Bravo wider squad heaven bro
what do we have here guys my weight I'm
jealous way Olli hold on
so how are we gonna because the muster
is gonna stick to the cup no but once
you like put the okay yeah once you put
liquids in there yeah shake it good you
hear that you know that sound oh I know
trust me if I sound if they don't sound
like that good mac and cheese in anger
you understand now okay oh he tell me on
the stop oh come on
this is nothing this isn't it old that's
how they're gonna come out well I'm
still liquid liquid doing I'm not gonna
look all right hold it oh yeah
oh my god falls without to get you ice
we got please want to know chi Chi Chi
su this is a goat cheese or what oh it's
literally a slice of USA Ameer the whole
thing oh you're wrong okay y'all how did
I get any of the good shit but half we
go in a bad for Jackie that's on you
know so hold up oh not anymore
okay Jordans mix yeah I just um oh yeah
we got the works I think I have to
wanted way cuz this is actually good hot
wings and fries yeah no I know like the
actual median okay let's just
you own this Jade Oh
Jordans getting a full biotin is even
milder tomorrow okay we yeah you want to
know where you want that one okay
soy sauce Oh yours is gray Gerson boy
look don't go together they're gonna get
it out eat the caramel smoothie 7up
watermelon fruit snacks get all over the
line I'm hoping for Cheetos honestly
next hey Ellie
Hey Oh wha who just nothing crowd and
Brandon in the house bro I swear by you
got watermelon chips where I got this
okay close your eyes
okay cool dry okay go that's where we
get watermelon for hands good oh that's
good
but we're gonna use this kind oh okay
what is this this is done loving
mouthing that's the whole thing that's a
began slashing Iraq slash Philippines I
put the whole thing we're have no cool
thing is you see God we go hard it was
open both open over knives if you kill
someone with it I don't pull your arm
zone
let's see if you make it the Sudama ha
ha ha ha this is going together order to
have a real meal like gourmet dinners
that's good yeah it's worth all right
one at zero I'll do it I'll do this
Chloe likes one okay that's a no no no
no no no no - she's gonna be cereal
plant enough for hey give me the Oscar
in soy sauce
No Wow hmm hey Steve Alton throw balls
off monster cars
dude this is disgusting girl no wake me
at him
but now hope this is gonna okay stock
watermelon no it's not a execs yeah
you're sick see this is the port speak
the father doesn't know how to board or
okay read out loud 7up Oh dad yours this
funky though your CI - I then Jordan
you're gonna be natural but at least it
makes sense
oh do we need a can of you see us went
to gym there's the knock off seven Oh
Baba
boy how much
that's the cheesiest cool that's gonna
be you that's where your stomach's gonna
look what Jordan better than going on
God oh just a quick little background
Jordan LaDonna they'll help free Jordan
doesn't touch anything
when is the last time you ate french
fries or chicken hot wings been a while
it's been like a year
I'm excited if anything I get to your
site garage good
we only eats like a frickin lean chicken
fruit veggies you know the Lean Cuisines
from Albertsons back okay Jordan's turn
I know get some the juicy rich I got
some top of - you'll see what you got
first and song that's good I want to UM
for elite will anyone want to smell this
oh yeah I wouldn't want to yeah oh hey
these aren't even gonna what's it called
aren't even enough blend up my blenders
strong yes your hands nutribullet I'll
leave
yeah don't look I saw you look go you
want that for yeah yeah you want - all
right I'm not stop what's up with my
sauce no sobbing oh yeah want to get
lost in the song hey stop stop all of
even going oh wow all away cheers okay
rose yeah yeah it is all over the
freakin elderly hog was up javi Pasha
Bravo wise caramel but my shits weird
weird okay oh you know careful though
careful not close to diabetes already
daddy gnocchi breaks talents yeah I'm
just looking
oh hey wait pricey for a while you know
no hot sauce have you dyed your pump
earlier know what's good on the movie in
here sitting on not even it's something
fancy that mob up to them
now boys Versace oh hey member sakhi yes
you hey we got three more way what's the
three left you'll see you'll see how
mosquitoes okay I'll miss you Cheetos
croutons or ah that's not bad
I'm began amoled animal I don't want the
devil Oh wicked trick Jordan okay you're
getting futon
no clay don't tell me a video oh my god
for sure real life directed hit the
slice oh my god you guys got me weak you
can have it after the tapes co-pastors
play say what's up to the guy against
you come down where we are with a shout
out the land
alright buzzer yeah the wrong sense in
my brain the market crew some Cheetos
your garland Rick's at all
Oh No just try it back I put the hangout
LM Nancy Vega I go there's Cheetos or
futon Bo Tong Tong who is on the Cougar
okay and I got the fucking Cheetos
member cemoore that's a reasonable five
for melon oh it smell like bad so I
don't know that's number one okay buddy
okay the end of a fine
no I cannot go way bigger to play on the
bag you have to temple sit down oh my
god Oh Golden Age okay hold it okay
oh I'll leave you put so much caramel
okay blender I smell it all they used to
be dripping with a beard wire to God
Rose that bad oh okay so this is Ali's
drink first I repeat this is Ali's drink
okay I'll leave that out hey hold the
cab on truck it would you smell that
shit
no no no yeah we're pointing if we have
to
oh my god you this is it whoa
make sure all are you gonna put water so
it's fries and chicken wings and popcorn
that's hot oh no way out
say Oh be so many oh wait yeah put some
water here there's water right here
great
no oh yes with you no okay blend it his
that chicken so he had to press beat he
stays beating with me help us please oh
oh don't turn that up bro
Jordan literally haven't touched a
single piece of sugar in years
Oh bro Jordan that nanofy through the
glass but oh all he puts so much caramel
look at what a bad friend he is he knows
how much fast food and sugar and candy I
eat I'll try to make it taste better
that's how good of a friend I am oh is
it coming down no no get the cheese I'll
get the cheese no grab the cheese bro oh
that's a good stuff right there
I'm we're on what do you have to say
about this this is so crazy challenge ha
ha ha
No oh wait what is hold on look at this
what is that what is that what did I put
that was black brown oh the cookie the
muffin ah with all the snow is terrible
wait is it too late to tell me my
youtube channel or do you I don't know
oh my the way it pours it it's cheese
cheese okay guys so after long and hard
thinking we're each gonna try our dream
we're each going to try it because this
is our creation we hand-picked it so
we're going to try it but who has to
drink their whole drink right here my
dad is gonna pick a number no it's gonna
pick a number one two 101 okay my dad
picked the number 1 through 100 Ollie
what's your number
say it out hey the only guy my dad or
you automatically drink all of yours for
24 why dad I mean Jordan dad same shit
you're my dad this one's for my dream
uh-huh 48 48 dad I'm I say 62 what
what's your number 55 wait so meeting
Jordan one right yeah we want let's go
oh it's sick I say shout out shadow
Robbie wait hold on look I'm gonna start
really quick I'm drink a lot of mine I
know your name see ya ha ha wrong here
are called oh come on have some
humanness oh go this is humanity wrong I
already know that having safe oh come on
hey we did it family come on I haven't
sick yeah me and Jordan get one more set
huh
me and Jordan do one more sip each I
will do more with it I'm doing another
sip volunteer they don't even have to do
this ok joining you go this cheer why
use is right it has hot sauce in it what
is you could be honest writer
listen dad wait try just to tell us how
it is
this one yeah oh god let's see it
let's see just to see while already
going to Cheers
oh my god oh we have to take all of it
big ol thing bro look out
what did you put in it oh my god ha ha
what vomiting or some like mommy
all of it hell of it all of it swallow
it
bro bro hey oli get away from the seek
in the trash yeah well I had water even
his okay I guess
mini edrick oh good huh
give him the trash bag no you may drag a
lot please have a good big butt
no you can only spin with you is like I
started on my god you're big shout out
and a ball wide spot that was nothing
come on by crying we'll clean it we're
gonna have to wash your old kitchen are
they don't worry about Oh me and Jordan
I drink more than you at all its and I
won right but we wanted we drink more
give me some water
it tastes okay look where it is get it
down to the sea no come on okay oh yeah
that's true you have to do all of it
good point it cuz it's so bad that's not
hurt oh okay good yeah you can do it
you'll be gooder than that Ellie come on
go there you go there you go
no oh not that one the other boat and go
swallow swallow swallow
ahh
wait I found a diamond touch nosey it
was like this smoke is touching the seat
well come on give me give me like giving
it well I drank over half of it
no you did all the allocated now all day
all day now oh okay fine one would sit
well my stomach hurts right now it was
over the seas there was over the scene
like on row row listen how are we how's
this even a challenge right no like look
it looking to think it's all spills
although I drink it was over the sea
you're supposed to do all of it I drank
almost as much as you and I'll and I
want oh oh no it's just like it's not
fair to me in Jordan I'll be push-ups
small sip small so just one second we're
done small steps small sit twelve sets
malted first no Mike chef a mouthful for
Shaq Shaq diesel the greatest in in NBA
history that his brand has away with
words bro how does it not open but shy
greatest player he's the greatest player
in NBA history okay what's it just looks
it at but swallow all oh yeah this is a
six-foot four right here for real let's
see what's up chase it used tasteful
come here
toilet so here we go what shadow got out
okay I won't mind
okay if I let's do the Altran we'll get
you help okay guys I hope you enjoyed
this video you already know Ollie and
Jordan from previous videos both of
their Instagram links are gonna be in
the description below if you want to
keep up with them shout out lucky that's
the only reason all even came oh yeah
I'm just joking no but for being so
brave and courageous give all your
follow for all your Laker fans give
Jordan to follow and Matt shoutout to
the brunt a wider squad out out is
gusting like if you want more challenges
with these two oh we're out though
that's it we're done okay guys my mom
wants to try it for the end of the video
the aftertaste
yeah
yeah
