I got this game five ready yeah who's
winning tonight in Oracle boy this
t-shirt II hid and won the game so you
wore it so you wore it 73 times over the
season and you didn't wear it nine times
good a slot for bottom looks like Obama
actually okay guys so I just wanted to
get this on camera I haven't opened it
yet I opened my door and there was a
gift for one hallelujah it wasn't for
Brian or rug it was for Brandon so I
have no idea what it is it's light huh
before I open it I just want to say the
reason I'm scared there's obviously you
know youtube comment section there's
hate so there's a chance this could be
deadly so oh my god Bosley I know who's
that Basel you don't recognize her
without white shorts huh oh she is
wearing look hold on hold on guys look
Bosley I was eating short rib and that
comes with a bone and look I let ballsy
like the bone look how crazy went Basel
you want the bone I let him bite the
bone he was going crazy Bosley yeah you
want to go get the bone okay mom look
you already know Bosley hates me he
never falls me right but watch this
Bosley come on let's go get the bone
it's upstairs come on let's get the bone
Bosley
okay Bosley let's get the bone okay
Bosley here look he didn't even touch
his food not once cuz he wants the bone
okay sit okay wait the bones in the
trash Bosley where is it Bosley where's
the bone yeah you want the bone hon wait
it's right here cause II it's right here
Oh Bosley
okay Bosley and look when we take it
back hold on now Bosley I need to take
it back it's done it's done it's done
Hey
come on the bones in your food
hey Bosley go down go oh my god he
jumped p.o box muscle ok wait sit sit
father sit sit ok hold on wait I blame
ball okay oh oh
round package what can Brown agree with
you I got a hang on I haven't done a P o
box hoping install one which is so fun
up in the packages oh I forgot to press
record under joke
no sir code okay away from it away don't
put your head down
no come on good boy
no hello the boss guard open but I'm not
letting this one stay cool
hahaha shit don't edit that ok so do I
read the note first or the note later
just in cases well maybe it's a what's
in there telling all of us your Brandon
aka people-watch oh when is theirs dear
don't worry Oh a basketball Phoenix Suns
I hope know what's so sticker oh my god
and autographs
hold on my name is AJ and over the past
nine dr. sidewall Jefferson one of your
youtube videos thank you for that
you brought laughter and happiness into
my life you're welcome for that you've
also taught me a lot about to maintain a
successful relationship you and Jacko
relationship goals and I wish to be like
you guys with Mike
friend fully newer off-camera I'm just
joking Jack if you want to use your
birthday's coming up so I want to give
you something for everything you've done
for me
thank you you didn't have think it
unfortunately I kind of dropped off to
your birthday because of college summer
glop classes I know you love the Phoenix
on the special but though so here's a
hand side basketball by Eric himself
what what when did he come ask him to
come back I feel bad that we were in
home wait there's no way this I'm by
Eric Bledsoe
okay keep reading I hope you enjoy this
I made a small video telling me telling
you more about this and it'll be up
around 6:00 p.m. June 13 on his channel
which is today oh wait 6 p.m. what time
is it
it is 606 oh my god right on time it'll
go gray in a glass case thanks so much
for the awesome content from Aria uh
Jafari
aka aging okay hold on there's no way he
just dropped off a feeding such air glut
so signed basketball
I literally just made a whole video yes
about how much I was so happy a little
just reply to my tweet link thank you so
much way I'm gonna check out the video
right now okay why didn't when do I come
oh no no I said I swear I know did you
get it
we know the box was outside there was
some other fans we thought it was them
they said no this box was left here and
then how someone gives something like
this and less like he likes you a lot
that's guys don't get the videos and
upload it yet but I'm gonna wait for it
so we can check it out what's his name a
them his name is AJ hey first of all
thank you so much I don't even know what
to say eric bledsoe signed basketball
everyone knows how much I love Eric but
he's better than Steph Curry in the
first night I shut up
let me see oh shit hey thank you so much
yeah how much happiness and laughter
that you say I brought into your lives
you just brought it right back and more
with this and thanks for making it flat
so I can grip it it makes it feel like
my own
my hands are big I'm gonna check your
video whenever it gets uploaded is that
there's actually crazy with an extra air
but so sticker oh my god yeah so you
know dreams are coming true these fans
and these fans came by a while ago yeah
and I walked out and this gift was
outside so I was like oh thanks for the
gift they're like oh we didn't bring it
so he must have came by right before for
them I assume like that much I would I
would have came out and said what's up
AJ if you're watching this just tweet me
or whatever and then come back when you
want we could chill that's actually
crazy thank you so much and I'm gonna
wait for your video to upload and then
we can watch it but for right now I'm
about to go get yogurt by myself so dad
good luck to the Warriors wait guys
before I go get yogurt I'm gonna take
this Advil mom weird oh they're right
here I've had such a bad headache like
the past two or three days because my
last couple of videos it's taken me like
three or four hours to edit each one
because they were pretty long over 20
minutes and I'm just like usually I
start editing around 1 or 2 in the
morning and I finish in the morning so I
don't cram it all in one session
ah sleep what are you doing so I don't
cram it on one session but the past
couple days I've just knocked out
without editing and I've had to wake up
and edit like straight like before
eating breakfast before anything I
haven't even been to the gym the past
two days so I've got these like massive
headaches but there's nothing some
xanies oh well there's nothing ones
anymore cure
oh the strong one mom that was a strong
one dan it's a bar it's a bar we call it
zannies yeah
oddly bone bone okay fine fine fine fine
okay guys I'm mom I don't talk to him
he's my friend can we go get some yogurt
by myself Jackie had to do something
really quick and then she's coming over
so it's me myself and I fuck boys with
Brian I don't even know where they're at
probably jacking each other off I'm
going mom bye Bosley bro the reason I
didn't come out and see you when you
dropped off the gift it's because I just
want to thank you in advance before I
say this because unlike all the other
people that come by and bang on the gate
and throw rocks out the door and you
know like yell Brandon rug unlike them
you probably came at it a little bit
more mature and left the gift maybe
waited a little and maybe if we didn't
come out then you left and I appreciate
oh my god a snake whatever lizard snake
seems shit
but yeah so thank you for watching I
appreciate that
yeah guys you think I'm exaggerating
when I say that people actually come by
whether it's 8:00 in the morning whether
it's midnight or later sometimes like
1:00 or 2:00 in the morning and they're
screaming throwing rocks at the windows
like I understand we me and Brian love
all of the people that are subscribed to
us we love everybody that watches our
videos and we'd love to meet you guys
outside of our residential area or even
if we're not busy we'd love to meet you
guys at the house but sometimes yes
we're youtubers but we are human too and
we have busy lives
I know I'm not gonna rant about this but
anyway that's beyond the point besides
the point thank you so much AJ yo girl
and guys literally Justin Mayer may say
there's yogurt and yogurt will world
yogurt swirl yogurt up my ass my dick is
yogurt they have so many fucking yogurt
shops but I like this one the most guys
I literally just go for the toppings
look you can barely even see the yogurt
gummy worms gummy bears filled oh oh
spawn de de Bosley garage garage garage
Bosley and better be taking to the
garage I will bone you want a bone bone
guys this game is crazy good clay going
off LeBron playing like 2011 Miami Heat
LeBron and possibly the Warriors fan
can't stand to watch
it's okay Bosley there's still Game six
it's fine on the vlog I'm talking on
what you just said Jackie said Jackie
said Oh what size is wrong aka my dad
what size is wrong I want to get him a
shirt for Father's Day my mom said oh
shit fathers days this weekend so Jack
remembered and not my mom because Jackie
remember because you're gonna be a
father
we still have like four more months I'm
just joking mom Bosley are you gonna be
a father
you better be paying child support
that's I don't take you to the dog park
because I know you're horny like me yeah
and you're gonna knock some female dog
up you're gonna be paying bills and I
know you're not ready for that Bosley I
know I know you don't wear condoms I
know so we can't risk that okay I'm
never gonna take you to a dog park I
don't trust you I know I know pawsley
it's sad but you haven't proven me
anything you always try to flirt with
Jackie don't Bosley don't turn away when
I'm talking yeah I know you haven't
shown me enough to trust you I don't
trust you and I don't know anything
about your pullout game
I know buzz Li I'm sorry I'm sorry I
just can't do it
Warriors just lost let's give my dad a
call he was out watching the game with
his friends hold on dad
what a game and who's winning seven good
game for the Warriors huh okay enjoy
your timeout okay dad you're welcome
bye Bosley oh my gosh I told I told
Bosley to stay away from Jackie Bosley I
don't trust you you're too cute and fat
AJ with the aired blood sauce on ball me
and Jackie are gonna watch it as you
mentioned how me and Jackie our
relationship goals imma watch it with
her oh my god it's called it's called
happy birthday bro wha T's plus speeding
ticket hopefully oh my gosh okay this
sounds interesting or about to watch it
babe come it's called happy birthday bro
wadis plus speeding ticket what's that
mean like I don't know we're gonna see
um today I'll be talking about Brandon
aka paratus he's one of my favorite
youtubers like right now I know I have
your Darren youtuber can bring so much
box in das1 in this videos twice
birthday's coming up what should I try
and get him anything should I do
whatever should I do
so I like you know I felt like I needed
to get I think he has a little gold
chain something for me he's pretty nice
yeah I want it I said thank you to him
because he literally dropped it off I
didn't hear a bang on the gay I didn't
hear freaking rocks at the door he just
like dropped it off and I actually we're
starting knocked on the door cause I
denied
uh basically like the year that you
could basically do anything you want
no she doesn't look like you know what
I'm gonna get them something so I know
he likes the Phoenix sauce I do like my
defender now felt like this is just the
boss put me in perspective I'm the
deepest in the card everybody tuned in
one this is just for us now we know I
ain't gotta yet hold 100 I don't call
them back girl let me see you hold it
down we go have a I literally just made
a whole video about blood so yesterday I
would like to get a piece of shit off
painted orange and purple I don't know I
just thought this would be so maybe
he'll plays your video in the college oh
yeah
now I'll frisbee around him Jackie are
like the perfect couple you know I wanna
be like exactly like that I told him I
said a fool you knew her off camera oh
no oh really twins your father I'm so
far out that I dropped his house drop it
off okay I'll film that I won't film in
front of this house does have a lot of
problems and problems with that so
respectful not do that so okay see this
is what I said I said I said I didn't
hear any banging on the gay or anything
when the gift was dropped off so I want
to thank you I was just guessing when I
said that earlier I want to thank you
for not banging on the gate or even
filming in front of our house because
people show up literally with cameras
recording and they post that online and
I'm telling you they throw rocks at the
door to get our attention for you I wish
you knock on the door I would love to
meet you and I'm telling you right now
if you just tweet to me before you come
and I tell you I'm not busy you can come
by any time and we could chill as I said
earlier I get pulled over yeah speeding
wait hold on before you say anything I
do support speeding so if that means
anything
I love feedings my radar
half for doing something people hate
when you do nice things like weird
I mean luck leading in the end my whole
spiel oh great so Brandon I hope you
really enjoy your gift I do
hey J thank you so much here I'll
subscribe if you guys want to check out
this video it's called happy birthday
Broadus plus speeding ticket just
subscribe to this channel so it'll be my
subscription box god that's actually
super super nice trust me and you said
oh I hope you enjoy you already know I
enjoy what am I gonna say I actually
cried on the phone I know I did not cry
I don't hate that's inside I'm about to
show you hands like a that's my kitty
where's the cocaine when he does I have
when I wear the gold chain I can't be
emotional but once I take it off no but
really AJ thank you so much I'm on the
show Jackie the basketball right now so
cool and he out beat me yeah yeah you
need it
you just made Jackie's time trying to
get me a give so much harder but anyways
thank you so much I don't know how much
more I could say that thank you and I
appreciate it a lot
hold on baby I'll dodge it okay hold on
wait can you record me really quick so
huge they do not call her what took you
know I'm in the ball okay hold on wait
recording me watch first of all zoom in
to Bobby what did I tell you about
looking at Jackie stop looking at my
girlfriend there's plenty of fish in the
sea oh okay
okay you actually broke it or not thanks
AJ good post me pawsley this is so cool
Bosley guys is chairing the too stable
earthquake get on your tippy toes
what you really can't put it back up
guys we're getting pizza okay babe why
would you go the longest way guys look
we're getting pizza from this place and
my barbershop is literally right there
like one minute away walking I'm so
tempted to just go get a haircut but
they're closed but anyways guys just
rewatching that guy's video watching the
AJ's video it's just like how how do I
put it bro watch squad is for sure the
best well like if that didn't make you
realize that I don't know what will
you're a Teletubby
okay only one ever never mind
drunks I guess there's no pizza at this
Sunday we walking is like hey how's it
going I said yeah he said just let you
know we're only serving beard said okay
so where the fuck is the food and it was
only beard not even soda I was gonna say
okay well I'm not 21 but I'm out of here
so can you give me beer
okay guys so as I'm getting ready to do
my nightly read of Phoenix Suns articles
and start editing my video around
midnight I'm just thinking and like put
the gift aside right now put the gift
aside like yeah I was smiling and I was
happy from the gift but honestly those
smiles just came from the fact that me
like I said I've said a million times
I'm just a normal person I go to school
I have a girlfriend a regular girlfriend
I'm 20 years old living under my parents
roof I go to the gym just a normal
person who picks a camera up and records
every day can make such a big impact on
somebody's life you saw him say that
like I I just made such a huge impact on
his life and he's not the only one that
says that and honestly that means way
more than a gift the fact that people
look at me as a role model and as an
inspiration it means more than any gift
that anybody can ever give me and it's
just like I'll never understand it cuz
like I said to me I'm just a normal guy
but like it's just crazy to me and and
and words can't express how good that
makes me feel I don't know what to say
guys so just thank you so much AJ and to
anybody who looks at me as an
inspiration or role model or just just
look up to me in any way just thank you
so much I have just as much respect for
you guys as you do for me so robot squad
I love you guys so much and thanks for
watching
