literally place
too strong I forgot my shoes
Randolph Leia
guys so we got here around 6 p.m. it's
almost 11 p.m. we've been here for like
five hours I'm never coming again even
lunchtime I'm not coming week on 11 a.m.
for lunch to make us stay from that time
until 9:00 tonight well Jordan I forgot
you were here
you've been here for hours hey let's
play Jordan come on let's go come on
baby look all Mike it looks like you
just jumped in a swimming pool broke I
can't even talk to this point frigging
came first I was forced to come here hey
ex like I'm forcing him to do drugs I'm
fortunate to play basketball that's fine
normal people stretch before basketball
Bannister's ft no that's no thanks they
close no let's hide 24-hour challenge of
the stone up iceworm down okay but we
have to save the sauna all night we
can't show ourselves what are the
consequences of that we're gonna be
cooked well done I don't even know where
you are Dennis why are you oh shoot I
finally got up in here I didn't know how
to do it I just had to look it up right
now we're faced I'm facetiming in front
of 3,000 people right now yeah I was
hoping for a little bit every time I ran
down the court and I passed my bag I
heard my phone go off everybody was
spamming getting Devin Booker's live bro
but he was spamming getting Devin Booker
cuz I've been on loud the past three
days and you ain't been in there I was
at the gym I'm trying to get my jumper
like yours fit fast good man that's all
the whole scene here sauce he's great
she don't sew oh my dog everyone go
follow Alan see William if you want you
to I'll follow debug take it all you
gotta be playing in the all-star game in
a couple weeks I'll be up there I'll be
up in the air lay that time
Fuzzy's good bow let's see it
he likes Devon I'll just let you know
each other's about gravity
I got you Paul thank you can you please
give me a minute to order please can you
please give me a nice I can say please
two times in one sentence
better than being rude I yell give me a
minute to order isn't it better to say
hey please can I please have a minute to
order please oh really
hey do they have a camera hey guys
gourmet Mexican food this stuff is
healthy if you want to live a long life
and be healthy and you know be able to
play a lot of basketball like we just
did you got to be eating this stuff talk
about anything she could hear me yeah
really so I'm gonna give you free
oh nice a selection oh and then can I
get another steak quesadilla that one's
regular with the sauces ever me a
chicken chalupa thank you so much have a
great night Hey
hi I come again wildly 100% they're
sitting in my foot if they saw me okay
thank you so much hot okay smart all
right guys this is called the dab while
you drive challenge and I don't
recommend you do this don't try this at
home Lauren don't try this in your car I
mean just oh it's green best one I've
never met someone who complains more
than Dennis okay big deal you play
basketball two times in one day you
freakin I need you my freakin loss she
hey when you say got really just change
how she I honestly just run me over at
least I'd have a good video idea just
run me over and then I get to sue them
and what do you think should I get run
over
I'll throw my body out right now wait
wait you forgot to run me over well you
forgot to run me over what he's evil
wait I want to make help oh this is one
was it like sis and she got run over by
this I'll be going out and styled what
kind of car is that the one backing out
I run over oh no that's a fan guys the
funniest thing ever I still don't know
if Dennis was lying or not in my head so
this is way to try to get out of playing
basketball so I messaged him saying for
all let's go it's time to go play
basketball and he goes no I feel sick
and then he sends me a picture of him
get on his floor so I walk in his room
how were you he wasn't hey wait can we
demonstrate how you were when we get in
guys
to this moment right now I still don't
know if you leave
what my nipples are burning okay guys so
this is a replay of how this happened so
I'm in my room getting ready to play
basketball and I tell Dennis to get
ready
and he goes bro I can't go and I said
what's going on so I came and I opened
his door and this is all I see I walk in
first of all I knew he was lying he was
just trying to get out of playing
basketball I come in his room that's all
I see that's all I see I see Dennis
Jennifer when I go bro are you okay and
it was just like that his phone was open
on my text messages and he hadn't
replied just to show that he was so dead
he couldn't even reply to my text and
what I ended up happening we ended up
going to play basketball because you're
a liar stop you're gonna cause
controversy between you and your
neighbors beau they're just doing the
naughty they're doing naughty
guys the people that live over Dennis
are making so much noise bro he's going
in fast no leave him leave him bro
you're gonna make him soft leave him
Dennis no no you know you're ruining
their mommy Dennis you're a drama queen
beau these are you start problems with
your neighbors or with your
doors open hurry run run no no no Dennis
now the people below you are gonna hit
their freakin water bottle on top are
you scared
PA you are okay I'm gonna film you when
she waxes it off you're gonna start
crying
Tammy he's a little scared or a lot
we're gonna figure she was also I could
tickle your fuel or not I'm gonna tell
her to do your beard after hey Dennis
I'm gonna tell you to do your legs
actually I think that's okay what do we
do
like the cold shoot Anthony let's try it
again okay put it in and sit on top of
it Gilbert oh hi everyone's prediction
really quick no cheating no more waiting
you gotta give it right now who's
winning this game okay so three New
England one Jacksonville okay nevermind
New England but it's Saxon ville
okay Romo but how do you think the
game's gonna go down your dress the
nicest right in house I want your
opinion matters the most
hey Dennis what do you think and why are
you not dressed up like well Mel before
you want you football
hey come on trying to watch the Laker
game he said let's watch a real game the
Laker game hey Jordan what do you have
to say about all this bo
do they Jags are tough bro they're tough
playing the upset roll all postseason
first they went into Pittsburgh nobody
thought they had a chance and they
crushed the Steelers and now going into
New England in an AFC Championship game
against Tom Brady everybody including
myself was like okay Tom Brady's going
to the Super Bowl easily and now look at
this I'm not gonna lie it's not over
there's still a lot of time at the
Patriots of a really good chance to come
back but at the same time these Jaguars
aren't impressive I don't know that's
crazy if Blake bortles and Jacksonville
end up being in the Super Bowl that's
gonna be one hell of a story but we'll
see you can never count Tom Brady out
anyways guys that is going to close out
today's video eight we haven't played
basketball yet today bro that's a
shocker I'm trying to go abstract this
video
yeah we'll go a hundred percent thank
you guys so much for watching today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed
shout out to Devin Booker I know he's
been trying to get me to go live with
him for a while and I just always missed
the I missed the memo I don't get it so
I finally went live with him there were
a lot of you guys watching so I hope you
guys enjoyed that please drop a like on
this video if you did enjoy subscribe to
this channel if you are new term post
notifications on for brand new videos
every single day I think in the new year
right now it's January 21st or 22nd
whatever today is and I've only missed
like one or two days so turn post
notifications on for brand new videos
all the time other than that guys
Brandon aka bruh waters I love you guys
all love you guys all
Jacksonville better and all the way
though Bo we're gonna watch the end of
this game and see what happens cuz this
is crazy
