I got this guy's don't worry the vlog
does not take place in my room it takes
place where else but the Del Mar fair
but listen before we arrived at the fair
with this vlog I already finished the
vlog and everything I'm adding the intro
at the end if you guys are confused
everything already happened I'm just
adding the intro right now a little bit
of background information so you guys
know me and my Phoenix Suns right I mean
you could kind of tell the Suns fan I
don't know if you could tell you might
think I'm like a Laker fan but no I'm a
Phoenix Suns fan I love my Phoenix Suns
so last night at the fair I saw that
Eric Bledsoe is active on Twitter so I'm
like oh why not tweet to him you know he
might reply so I tweeted to him I said
eh everybody wants to see you in my
videos let's make it happen Nick sees
and homey with the sunglasses emojis you
know like this he replies okay not only
does he reply like oh fuck you stalker
or fuck you you're creeped I'm just
joking he replies saying ha
bad bad as in like ok let's make it
happy and I fucking like I can try to
play it off cool and be like yeah you
know blood Childre plot to me like three
or four time so there's normal no I
don't care I'm not playing it off cool
or anything
I flipped like the smile on my face I
almost dropped my phone I was just like
oh my god like no way no fucking way
like and then and then I oh my god and I
was just like fuck so so I don't know if
you guys should look too much into this
I don't know what it like but
potentially Eric Bledsoe could be one of
my vlogs next season like oh my god guys
so ok like I said this took place at the
fair we're picking up the vlog at the
fair I just want to give you that a
little bit of Pat background information
like I literally have like oh my god
that shit was I'm still smiling I can't
stop smiling I was freaking going crazy
but you guys know how much I love my
son's you know how much I love Eric
Bledsoe Devin Booker like this was crazy
like just just watch the vlog guys ok
guys look at my freaking smile babe
she said money can that happy person
what color were my cheeks
it looks like the elves when you take
some pictures and they I like right here
she said all my cheeks were pink guys I
actually can't stop smiling I'm so happy
it's been like but it was like like 10
minutes ago
and my smile just can't go away I'm just
like look I'm gonna try this I'm gonna
try to tone it down look I can't it's
too I was I'll never forget I had just
taken a piss wash my hands with soap two
times go throughout the face laughter
watch it two times and I'm walking back
so first I tweeted it walking to the
bathroom and I got the reply on my way
back from the bathroom that's my
favorite bathroom ever I swear every
time I have to go pee even if it's 2:00
in the morning at my house I'm gonna
drive all the way to the fair just to go
pee at this bathroom oh my I'm so hyped
and I keep trying to play it off to my
girlfriend just like oh no it's nothing
it's I'm just whatever just cuz she
keeps saying that she doesn't even make
me walk who called bharata's what's up
guys people just saw me on this guy
though guys so the people who called my
name at the top cuz I was blogging when
you guys called my name they came down
look it was a 1 2 3 shout-out to those
guys thank you
punch it in PWD what is the second one
sense of reward his girlfriend I knew I
was only famous because of you I knew it
guys you using for my girlfriend do
oh do the one when you pranked me on
watching
guys she's working at Katie's velour
kittyland or whatever babe what does
this make you want to do
she said working here makes her want to
have a baby and I'm just like like you
know the spongebob caveman like this do
you know what I you know what I turn
into every time you say you want to have
a baby that's who I turn into a tomato
because I imagine me being a dad I'll be
such a good dad and I'll say what's my
son's name gonna be like blood-soaked
Booker i'ma say
bludsoe Booker garage if they're bad but
anyways I I turn into the spongebob
caveman every time you say if I'm not
doing face paint you could do face paint
like you know and I mean over in part
two
guys these are my type of rides I love
kid ville kid evil whatever the hell
it's called
so like when she's with all the big
rides I got a you know like stare down
the people that try to look at her but
now in the in kid evil I just give all
the little kids wedgies when they look
at Jackie what's it called fun Ville
same thing I just have to pull all the
kids by the diapers when they try to
look at Jackie because she keeps talking
about babies they're everywhere
my pullout game is is way too strong my
pullout game is like everybody knows
defense so I'm sorry to tell you but she
wants a fat baby she oh she only talks
about fat babies we can give him human
growth hormones when he's born guys I
told her a challenge I told her a
challenge when we have a baby I'm gonna
take him to the fair in the cold weather
and see how many days it takes for him
to get sick I'm just joking I would do
that to Bosley I want a ferris wheel in
the back of our backyard like that for
my baby
you said the basketball game okay guys
so I'm gonna take you but where am I
gonna take the vlog all the way to the
how come you have it fixed it's only
been like six months it's really been
like okay can you just tell them where
I'm gonna going on you're going to the
bathroom before what where you can
retrace my steps I'm not going to the
bathroom I'm going to where Eric where I
was when eric bledsoe when he replied
saying ha bed and he didn't leave a
space between the thing he just said ha
but with no space
I'm gonna show you guys exactly where I
was okay guys so I was like right here
when I tweeted to err glitch all's right
here okay and then okay so there's the
bathroom and the little trailer truck so
I tweeted a question I went to bathroom
yari serving it up get away and then I
left the bathroom and I was about right
here
standing just like this
when eric bledsoe told me ha bed guys i
just met two huge fans here
Efrain what's up and uh Charlie Charlie
wait Megan wait I want to put you in my
video cuz you said you know me right
what's my name
okay guys so I want to go on this ride
called happiest fucking swing I'm just
joking it's called happy swing but there
might be a height limit like a height
where you're too tall but I need to ask
him he's actually gonna think I'm crazy
look which one that's all it does I need
to see if I'm too tall listen to those
screams I'm about to change my mind I
swear I can't do this I'm not ready to
go this young excuse me am I too tall to
go on this one
oh you can I can't write it okay babe
I'm too tall to go on I'm too tall to go
on
I know he told me he like this he said
pinche puto pendejo he said don't ever
fuckin asked me he said he said wait I
know how to say that he said to to TIA
to tango small Peto to tienes a
miniature Peto and I said you want me to
pull it out right now because I'll show
you bitch oh he's looking at me guys oh
my god she's staring at the babies she's
gonna make me have a baby I got a run
before it's too late she was smiling and
looking at the babies guys this is when
I I told her a million times she looks
better without makeup and she doesn't
listen so you have to do this come on oh
no I swear I'm not gonna like it
no no no no I know what you're doing Oh
what am i doing no I'm just gonna give
you a kiss on the cheek I'm - yes
okay I'm not do that wait I'm not gonna
mess your makeup up do you love it
are you studying
camera take it off yeah look
I do the windshield wiper like this
interface because you know some people
speak to Jackie in Spanish when they ask
questions and then Jackie speaks Spanish
back and I'm always just like like I
have to quickly like cover it it just
pops up right away when I I'm serious
I can't you want me to hear you speak
like that and just okay especially I'm
in basketball shorts that's even worse
it's automatic okay bad boy treat me
like a customer quiero tickets
quiero boletos babe come on I if I'm a
customer you have to answer my question
okay fine it's now recording say that in
Spanish
Satan's bitch okay guys well what yeah
that's all I wanted guys Jackie said
there's a hypnotist here he said that
she said you can maybe hypnotize me to
love her maybe I said I don't know if
even he could do that cuz it says if you
didn't receive a receipt you get your
order for you
and so she's scan she's scared my Carter
than shield like would you like a
receipt no I get him free I said no so
now that I get my order free I swear
they pay all the workers and drugs even
Jackie no all the workers are crazy here
I swear they're crazy I just want to
give a shout out to Jasmine her little
brother and her mom from Rancho San
Diego they're their fellow Kelly and
just like me um they wanted to be in the
vlog but my phone was dead so I had to
charge my phone at Jackie's outlet so
I'm giving them a shout out right now
shout out to you guys and love what's
your name Metro guys this wasn't even
aired but so much blood out like this
guys I just put on swagger deodorant Old
Spice right and my girlfriend said why
don't you use what kind what the hell is
AK see it's AG teacher ones you use XE I
said baby fucking axe that he is silent
yes the e stylist
babe you're literally a mummy you're the
mummy that's from the movie guys I was
take sleeping so my girlfriend stopped
talking to me and she kept saying she
ain't pain they wake up and I wasn't
waking up and then laughing what is
draymond Green dream on oh she said why
is draymond Green suspended and I
literally got up in a millisecond like
seriously that's whoa he literally
turned around like ready to fight he
says
bab-oh my god hmm draft 10 more days
they say with the first pick in the 2016
NBA Draft the Philadelphia 76ers
selected by the Sun paper was actually
wrong with you hmm
why would you show me that when I'm
fucking she showed me a picture this
bitch listen I'm standing next to the
bed with no socks and my bed is open
from the bottom and I'm just eating my
fucking football and she shows me the
fucking picture and I jumped on my bed I
said why the fuck would you show me that
when I'm standing right next my bed
where it's open so she can grab my foot
and I'm not wearing socks
Fozzy looks like Eustace Bagge from
Courage Jackie said can you put more
water in the cup I said baby fuck you
you show me the big guys waving Jackie
down to say oMG
why I said oh my god get more dates on
the draft and we don't see any water
oh my I literally have a headache from
how much I'm talking from how much I was
talking to Jackie while we were upstairs
I was talking about the NBA Draft we
were talking about everything and I
literally have a headache from how much
I talked except there's one problem
she wasn't even fucking away she was
like half asleep while I was talking her
happy full conversations and I have a
fucking headache and then she wasn't
even awake oh look 30 minutes ago she
was dead asleep and now
literally downstairs guys what my
girlfriend tries to go to sleep well yet
we ate fruit by the foot Rice Krispies
corn nuts pear grapes plum cucumber
I put deodorant on and now 5:13 a.m. and
it's time to go back to sleep
guys like often it is so hard she she
choke while drinking water and then she
said did the conjuring bitch choke me
and then she hit her head on the fucking
bed before we go back to sleep I am I
have one problem with my girlfriend
sleeps over which makes me scared to
ever move out with our mayor she forces
me to take my socks off so we can play
footsies what the fuck am I supposed to
do with that first of all I don't even
know what the fuck footsies is no no
that's a loss it could hook to sweet
guys hell no it's not a loose it's a
loss baby listen to me okay guys please
help I don't know how to play footsies
three things I have to say one baby I
look so ugly one
Jackie literally woke up like this what
did you say at a bad dream about him so
what about Freddy - she said it
literally you can't see it anymore cuz
they've been a recurrent hour now but I
had a huge mark of my Neal's just like
this she says she doesn't remember a
dream but she woke up like this
second I think it's funny because before
me and Jackie
godless clothes she used to tell me that
she would sleep like an angel like this
yeah yeah yeah wasn't in reality when I
look at her when she sleeps you like
this I'm serious I say that's a good she
and third I just want to say look I'm
still smiling from Eric what so saying
that what did he say he said hah bet
with no space I'm serious I'm blushing
still his pink guys I think she finally
went back to sleep I was trying to get
her to go back to sleep for such a long
time she said she said no I'm not gonna
go back to sleep why so you can go Tex
all your aside I was good morning and I
said no babe I'm not and I wasn't lying
because I don't text him good morning I
text him top of the morning to you yeah
she's awake I meant why I said I don't
take some good morning I don't
guys look laugh is when I try to make a
good flog scene for you guys
what
be more comfy this is way more comfy
it's like I have not one but two pillows
mom what do you aim I'm wearing um blue
and black like you remember the day the
police came you are wearing that very
shorts no it's not why this beige by now
how many times you worry I know Bosley
did you hear mom I'll tell you I'm
Bosley oh my god listen
so yesterday I tweeted to Eric Bledsoe
saying everybody wants to see you in my
videos so let's make it happen next
season and he said haha that like yeah
yeah and he said bet bat means like
since you're from the older generation
that means like okay like yeah you got
it like that
next season well I have to work yeah he
follows me again mom I was going like I
know not only did he reply but he said
like oh pretty much okay Bosley get away
from my shoes shoutout to e bled
shoutout I call him he bled but I'm his
friend you can't call him that you have
to call him Eric Bledsoe or mr. blood
babe how crazy was that crazy crazy life
that's what you find
cuz I knew it was
oh mistake no he was right right the
whole face is like this really funny
yeah I was like good like ten minutes I
was like babe guess what happy mm-hmm
