I got this guy's
today is literally the greatest the best
day of my life
it today is the best day of my life ask
me why ask me wise today the best day of
your life seven hundred twenty thousand
subs and no one's going to ask you what
today's the best time I off whatever
I'll just tell you guys first of all I'm
going to the fair
no that is not like that that's in my
life that's actually what's the worst
day of my life because literally the
fair takes all my money from the rigged
ass basketball hoops wise today the best
in my life because like I said I'm going
to the fair what do I do every time I go
to the fair twenty dollars for parking
every day I go parking $20 $20 today I'm
not the gym with Jordan and Jordan went
to the fair the other day he told me
today free parking he told me there's a
section in like the back where you go
and it's free parking and I said Jordan
I looked at him like you know what
spongebob looked at Squidward saying you
like Krabby Patties don't you Squidward
I said Jordan you're joking right he
said no there's free parking and I said
look at me I'm like I actually I'm
wearing something other than a white
t-shirt and basketball shorts like a oh
way guys actually I'm wearing a white
t-shirt and under my jeans I'm wearing
basketball shorts guys look at me even
when I try to dress up I still wear
white t-shirt basketball shorts
but anyways like like I'm fucking hyped
this is free parking free oh hold on
you thought I was hyped you thought I
was excited you thought this was the
best time I why you're funny
now it's the best day of my life god I
love this fake gold chain listen 1999
from fan Mart I've worn a million times
my neck still hasn't turned green which
is surprising because you know fake
jewelry second it looks just as nice as
a real what look why would I pay over a
rack why not pay over a thousand dollars
for a real one one literally this looks
just as nice does it turn my neck green
and I still get
from Jackie so like what the hell's why
would I waste money on guys listen you
know bro bodice is turnt
happy lit when I pull out the fake gold
chain and the fake earrings guys I just
gotta find my belt oh my god
free parking I love the fair dress-up
and still got the white team basketball
shorts it was a puppies original corn
nut or taste like Greg for you parking
free parking free parking like a full
free parking oh my god I'm so guys I
gotta go I'm so fuckin happy right now
god I have to taste like morning breath
morning wood it tastes like oh that's
just nasty but yeah guys so I'm gonna go
to a fair I'm logged for you guys so
we're about to go pick up fuck girl and
hit the fair wait should I play any
basketball games tonight or no spend so
much fucking money on the basketball
things but I always want a stuffed
animal so it's so tempting guys you know
I'm real fucking excited you know I'm
real hot really hot when I put a new air
freshener in my car mater go put this as
this is the best smell my life in there
Lee smells like Cologne takes all the
smell sex away in your car and it just
makes your car smells so good honestly
like I got the chain earrings and the
new hair fetching let's go where's
Stephanie she said she was on the
sidewalk
and I have no idea where she's at
founder founder founder we don't support
prostitution which first whole book club
across as it focuses on the cross I
thought you would burn from how bad she
is wait hold on up look at my face
I'll see why I'm so happy why are you so
happy there's free parking at the fair
why I don't know how much did I pay yet
just yesterday $20 $20 and there's free
parking guys my whole post close though
that means like my whole my whole
happiness like cuz I put the new air
freshener it's not so good I'm waiting
for a staff to finally say Oh Brandon
your car smells so good the first thing
she said she goes what does it smell so
like why because the smell is gone
because you guys I know how to speak
Chaldean or whatever the fuck it's
called yeah like bubbeleh hey that's
only word I know but Buddha I'm just
joking cool applause whole season I mean
all my happiness is gone to the
Sepphoris and Maya first name alright
now she's complaining all the air
freshener gives me a headache
okay get out of the car walk guys Oh
Steph how shocked were you that I'm
wearing jeans I know we can never
actually have a miracle like it I like
me wearing jeans I'm sewing the battle
shorts under Steph like okay guys so my
friend told me that the free parking was
this way but the fares all the way back
there and this is literally
um okay hold on we're gonna have to turn
around imagine there's actually no free
parking stuff you know we would actually
go back home
Oh guys wait wait maybe it is all the
cars are stopping here oh wait
where's the free parking do I go right
this is so far hey why did he tell him
to go right and not watch this watch
this illegal u-turn running away if I
try to you know I said delmar house
party okay so why the fuck did he keep
timing to go straight guys watch this
u-turn it's completely legal but I'm not
going to record it just it says a cop
that watch on my phone
there's no class here
away the cars are coming oh wait just
you turn out the light never mind guys
I'm actually doing it legal
why the fuck do you tell me keep going
straight are you making u-turn go back
to the parking that's a free party
I think I'm gonna ask them appointed
this I was gonna fucking ask him we're
like so far from the Del Mar fair yeah I
think you have to take a bus come on
turn green before I hit the red light
all right there we go oh I wasn't going
to be the whatever I didn't know so I
shot the fucker guys who do you hate
more step for Anthony Oh time to get
free parking we first have to make sure
I'm at night and Janet owe me $20 oh
shit he's holding the slow down time oh
now he said stop fuck you boy hold on
yes excuse me is this parking for you
okay thanks
free parking okay I'm not gonna go on
inaudible we get him stopped comfortable
very good I'll be something okay what
you know the theaters
don't sue me Thank You Man free part
free parking this is literally the best
day of my life
can we take buses guys this song is how
I feel when I got to the free parking
and found out there was free parking
free parking I think I died for free
parking power and you guys you want me
to run one of them over for the vlog or
no I'll make a good thumbnail guys
before we get down not a pop some bars
I'm bout to pop some xan's I'm not a
shuttle be on a good one gonna be on a
good one this fits it me look at this
bar fuck we stay Poppins Annie's here
and a go so uh oh say I won't say I
won't drink it with Frappuccino fuck I'm
gonna be on a good one I don't even know
how to take this ready he'll hold on in
all honesty this coffee has been in my
car for two days go guys we have to go
on a school bus I haven't been on this I
haven't been on a school bus ever since
fucking like three years for a field
trip
well when else would I go on a fucking
school bus someone told me it's called
the Horse Park
is this where all the Horse Park oh it's
called horse park like whores oh sorry
we've got them going on in trolley look
at this party bus
way
we are blogging actually no YouTube you
want to say hi yeah he's got famous
blogger oh you and Casey can you guys
that you yo you know what they say in
the sunshine man
well I Casey I know ya guys we're on a
party bus right now I'm wondering when
the party starts
cheering you gotta go to this oh wait
since I typed it in
subscribe newest subscribers right here
thank you thank you just found my
channel they're going to go on a
marathon watching all my videos tonight
when they get that yet like 300
something sit guys this is the only
roller coaster I touch I don't touch any
of the scary rides yeah that's the only
one I go on yeah we're on the party bus
there's no party how far you he's party
right here white wine
that's how you do it the only reason I
come to the fair shout out to all my
fans know I like to hear like
guys she's been here since 8:00 in the
morning 8:30 she's been here since 8:30
in the morning and it's freaking and
it's like 8 p.m. or 9 p.m.
guys this is what I do at the fair I
come here all the rides over there all
the games are over there I just can't
like this
we have
and I get Jackie in trouble because I
try to touch her butt and all the
workers hear me
we haven't anything all day then
whatever you ate today nothing so we're
going to Jackie's about a taker break
and then we're going to go eat
what's up dude guys look at first I will
talk to the vlog I'm no peak for Jose a
huge fan by the way
not this guy like a week ago and I was
talking to him for like an hour I got
him on snapchat well Jackie's going on a
break right now so Stephanie is about
the third wheel but Shabazz will do
something useful concept please maybe
the camera man while you third wheel
Stephanie doesn't do anything from me
are you kidding God I can't walk past
this area
my smoke
benef an individual and david not
walking past the turkey like smoke is
literally worse than smoking 300 packs
of cigarettes I walk past like this I
can't breathe
Hey shout out to Charlie
Stephanie toys what's your name didn't
even shout yourself at us here daddy is
like 700
hey team Bharati because look
whatever you order you might as well say
oh can I order a heart attack
just say bye
no matter what you order just handed to
us
can I get one heart attack with the side
and the only field
just like like I smell right now look
how big the corn dog is oh my god
Jesus Christ looks familiar though
I go forth now
pepper
guys look they have chili cheese fries
chili fries cheese fries and then they
have ranch fries look it's literally
fries with a side of ranch
they're called ranch fries guys I'm
walking past gingerbread house I don't
even know this is called and I got
pulled over so man my name is Kevin
Escalera I'm a huge fan of this my huge
band so man shout-out Kevin yours fan
actually - thanks guys Stephanie got a
salted garlic fries and let me just put
emphasis on the salty because look look
at that salt the garlic is on the side
that's not garlic that's salt look at
this
look right it's so bad I'm talk to them
I'm so salty guys I found out today that
if if you lose someone at the fair
that's over ten years old then the
security or cost won't look for them so
now every second I'm just like step
where how what is what do I say he'll I
love me somewhere you like step every
two seconds object step because if she
gets kidnapped and they won't look for
her and I can't find her so I know guys
here's where my night starts to go wrong
wait
got a 4-1 is allotted in my blog right
here wanted gosh
Stephanie keeps trying to beg me to go
on the scary rides step we've been here
oh no no no no we've been here like ten
times and all he does is go on raising
us and fun I love crazy mouse in fun
house I'm not judging any of the fucking
any of that no said they come in a truck
I don't trust that
Oh
every time I come here I want to retire
from basketball
ah
okay guys so I just missed like a
million shots in a row my friend right
here he asked me he said Oh what's wrong
today I read into that I said oh I know
what happened that happened the rim is
that I told him my name is Jan big fan
yeah Gavin Kristen that's me Chicopee
guys so I met Brian huge fans name is
rug or Brian same thing but wait come
here listen wait come closer
okay you guys all saw me miss a bunch of
shots none of it gets spoken none of it
gets spoken up whatever shots I missed
at the fair stays out of the fair
he made it
she just made it I'm officially retiring
from basketball I'm done I'm never
playing again tonight I think I won too
many prizes so overnight they bet that
the hooves a little bit more yeah yeah
yeah guys we're with a fan we're about
to take a picture well what's your name
go free go where you go okay take the
picture
there's my favorite pose
hey what's up
and when is my second time meeting him I
met him like a month ago two months ago
dude this guy you gotta stop doing it
you don't stop to him stop dobrze wotty
thank you
guys why was your name rude okay Ruby
came to take a picture with me and her
friends aren't here when I'm right
they're just like wait you watch for
water too so this is a I didn't even
know she watches for widest on you - I
was like damn you watch for what is -
everyone watches videos last night yeah
guys
Stephanie just tried to convince me to
go on log right look okay so that's bad
enough right then she just told me that
there's no seatbelts yeah there's no
signal who made these rides
how do you do is water onto like cars on
the side Oh
out here guys okay time to go on crazy
mouth hey guys my routine for a crazy
mouth is cuz they don't let the worker
says hey pinche pendejo puto put the
fucking phone away and I just say okay
fine so I always put the phone in my
pocket till the right storage guys I
hate this ride and always make my
ballsack drop I swear
ah pinche puto didn't get me this time
guys I think every time he sees me take
my phone out he fucking makes the ride
extreme we're going up guys oh no the
seat is it up right the see is on right
look it's so loose look Oh crazy mouse
crazy bitch that's me your phone died
I'm about to die after this job god this
thing is actually loose I didn't cuz I
had to make room to take my phone out
like sabotaging boots I don't want the
big drop I don't want the big drop all
right be my fault guys chef I'm having a
heart attack
I'm having hard I think they make it
scary on weekends hey my fake chain aah
okay guys I think they make it blow my
phone on my belt my boy almost go my
phone almost fell oh my earring okay I
need to put my phone away now
Santi saw me he saw me but I am step out
a cutie
their numbers stand apart hey guys he's
gonna kill me
I had my phone so I couldn't stand up
because it didn't fit in my pocket so I
have to put it over my shirt you can't
change your thing stand up and get out
get up and get out and I kept saying why
I can't stand up my fault gonna fucking
fall guys getting arrested I'll just
like oh I can't stand up you're gonna
see my phone just you guys you want me
to play more basketball why not okay
guys here's where the night goes from
bad to worse english ATM round two is
how you know your night is fucking done
and I just get to it
I get choice for a Bosley to be on at
home
okay guys I don't know how this is gonna
fit okay we have to go upstairs
I don't know how the Pandith work sorry
okay hold on guys your panda this is
Bosley's guys huge stop before I go
through I apologize if I hit anybody
with the panda but it's too small me and
the Panda and Jackie and sent from the
back I'm chilling with my panda on the
way back to my car we got a fan load in
the bus what's your name Michael Michael
solder guys Stephanie actually so
fucking rude and I'm never taking with
me to the fair Oh Jeff I literally said
can you I said it nice I said can you
please sit in the back so the Panda can
say in the fun what is he able to say in
the back no no no fuck you you're ruined
subscribe you guys ok
before Steph leaves I just want to wish
a very very very fucking very very happy
birthday thank you Stephanie happy
birthday Steph how old are you now 10 um
Steph just have a great one life's too
short to just just make memories okay
say so
hey we're just all day long how many
fans that I mean today you're 58 like
like 50 to 60 was crazy I'm so high over
exaggerating okay guys bye Steph bye
thank you
I'm still mad you didn't let the pandas
in the front
