I wake up and mama has news for me mom
what did you say wait say hi she said
you want me to go get you a breakfast
burrito
okay Bosley and now I get the duties cuz
Brian's in Anaheim my mom's gonna go
bring me food thank your mom
thank you mom appreciate it so now I
have to take Bosley to go poo Bosley
come here you want to go poop come on
let's go
Bosley hurry up I'm gonna put you in the
garage go good boy so yeah guys I wake
up I was about to hop in the shower and
my mom goes hey Brandon do you want a
breakfast burrito and I said said thanks
mom
okay Bosley now go poop go okay guys
update I'm pausing one minute time out
cuz he still didn't go poop he was
outside for 10 minutes Bosley you have
30 more seconds in time out then I'm cut
then I'm coming back out to make you go
poop okay guys so last night I was at
the fair again of course I've literally
went like almost every single day was
open and I won two prizes from
basketball wait I don't even call it
basketball I won two prizes
Bosley go poop
you haven't pooped in so long you're
human too you have to go food I hate
dogs I think they're dogs
but anyways guys so I don't even call it
basketball I call it I won two prizes
from the fixed banked freaking minimized
rigged ass basketball hoops and we're
not gonna talk about how much money I
spent or how many shots I got to take
we're just trying to say that I won two
prizes
oddly I won two prizes yesterday and so
I finally asked the people because I was
the goal of Del Mar fair basketball
I am the goal of fair rigged basketball
hoops and not only because of my goatee
I'm talking go like greatest of all time
Bosley if you don't go poo I'm gonna
poop in your mouth go poop go please go
food please
look it's just how you're supposed to
act with dog and then they listen good
boy ballsy go poop good boy go poop good
good boy oh my god you're such a good
boy Bosley all that face you're so cute
okay maybe that maybe then he listens
all no but anyways guys so I won two
prizes and like I said we're not even
talking about how many shots I got to
take or how much money I spent Bosley
Jesus Christ just please cook food
please
oh I forgot forgot Oh with your little
cute face in your eye boogers on your
face yeah why don't you just go poop
come on but they go Foucault going you
look so cute with your little fat belly
Bosley okay fine you're not going to go
inside okay so I give up guys and I'm
never having a baby if things for
Bosley's she's giving hints so yeah so I
finally I was like I told them I was
like because I made two shots in one day
I won two huge prizes they give you the
huge fucking prizes because they know
that damn near impossible to make one
and I asked him I was like oh how many
people make one of these basketball
shots per day the whole fair and they
were like oh like 20 to 30 I literally
made two shots and I was there for like
an hour so then I officially declared
myself but
of Del Mar fair fake basketball hoops
rigged basketball hoops bent and MIM
minimized basketball hoops and like I
said it's not because of my goatee I'm
talking greatest of all time at Fair
basketball so oh let me go show you guys
the prizes hold on let me get my key
there was a bigger like there was a hoop
there was a gay basketball game where
you have to stand way farther and the
prizes are even bigger
so I played that one my first shot first
shot I made it the guy I don't know what
kind of fucking drug he was on he went
crazy
I made it he said oh he got everybody's
attention everyone attention fucking
made everybody clap for me made everyone
like do all this fucking
he's getting my foot Mingo
he literally made everyone like we just
got a winner winner winner like I was
already convinced that they pay the fair
workers and drugs instead of money but
after last night I'm I'm like 100% sure
that if you work at the fair like out of
ticket booth you either I mean not a
ticket booth out one of the game booths
then you have a choice to either get
paid in cash or drugs and I'm pretty
sure that guy chose the drugs because
fuck you went crazy but okay so here was
the first prize
I am the Del Mar fair goal of basketball
I don't care
a damn raccoon with the longest tail in
the world
he sells as big as my baboon uh-oh ok so
here I'm gonna just put it on the floor
to show you guys okay and then here's
the big one that I made that everybody
fucking went he made everyone go crazy
hyped it up so much
this shit's huge and it actually looks
like me oh let me guess everyone thinks
it's a fucking toucan no it's not a
toucan hold on ah the shit is so big
ok look at this one hey hey you forgot
to take the fucking zip tie off anyways
this shit is so tall he's like Tyson
Chandler so yeah guys oh wait I forgot
to take the Frog out of my trunk I won
the Frog last time I went whoopsie Daisy
garage garage garage oh wait you're in
the garage still fucking stay here cuz
that's where you guys belong in the
garage okay guys so I just wanted to say
that yesterday I met I'd say about 20
subscribers at the fair and like all no
guys it was actually insane like I don't
even know what to say it's just like you
you never you would never understand the
feeling when like someone comes up to
you and these are all like you know I
look up to you i watch your videos and I
just get so happy because like I said a
million times in my head I'm a normal
ass regular as 20 year old dude I wake
up pick my camera up go to the gym I
have a girlfriend I go to school now
right now I'm on summer break and I
frickin live with my parents like I'm a
normal 20 year old boy so when people
say like all the stuff they ask for
pictures or to sign something it just
makes me feel like you don't understand
it feels so good it's like I can
honestly say that might be the greatest
feeling in the world so shout-out to all
you guys you know everybody I met I
liked all your pictures on whether it
was Instagram or or Twitter wherever you
guys tweeted them or posted them so
shout-out to you guys not shout out to
me shout out to you guys so I apologize
for the lack of footage from the fair I
just honestly didn't open my camera last
night every time I walk with my iPhone
people have people my mom my mom oh it's
my mom I swear she's coming back with my
burrito mom r.i.p headphone users so
yeah i just jam bring my camera last
night to the fair I think I'm gonna go
back tonight I fuckin Bosley please come
out please you're killing me please guys
I'm never having a baby I swear it's all
boss's fault
so um yeah I swear I just get bored I
got nothing to do so I just go to the
fair I don't even go on the rides I
literally chill with Jackie at her booth
I try to touch her but her boss gets mad
guys is this how couples are supposed to
be
so there's a basketball game right next
year I literally just play that all day
but um yeah I think I'm gonna go back
tonight and on a side note you guys bro
what is this 21st birthday is coming up
in 12 days 12 days not this Thursday but
boy look what the hell's today so yeah
not not this upcoming Thursday but next
Thursday June 23rd well who the fuck
cares about my birthday that's the NBA
Draft NBA Draft June 23rd everyone's
like Oh bro are you hyped for your 21st
birthday I'm just like I'm hyped for the
NBA draft like who cares about my 21st
birthday nah I'm just joking it's just
cool that uh they fell on the same day
but I had plans to go to New York for my
birthday for the draft and then whatever
I'll just say all that hacking shit
happening to put me behind in school and
just put me behind in in my overall life
schedule and so I wasn't really able to
like out it put me behind in school so I
just wasn't really in the mood to go
vacation or whatever so I'm gonna try to
go next year or whatever but I'll be
gladly watching the draft from home it's
one of my favorite events of the year so
why was it come here my mom's here mom
let's go see my mom oh now you get happy
huh oh I won them yesterday at the fair
from only like 20 people win the whole
day from the basketball and I won two in
like one hour hold on they're gonna let
me play once you find out how many damn
dollars I don't know buddy
Bosley just made some new friends Bosley
if you try to pee on them again I'm
gonna kill you he tried to pee on my
tiger the one that I won last time he's
literally mad at me and giving me the
look cuz I didn't let him pee on my toys
Bosley you already tried to pee on that
the only reason
confirmed the only reason my mom offered
me two burritos because she wanted one
herself
I know I know mom
enjoy okay guys so last I had the feared
there was a concert a case concert like
you know kids not like kids but like a
head like that kiss so I like I'm like
you guys know I'm stupid
so I don't even know kisses Dead or
Alive
so when I saw them I took my periscope
out and I started going crazy I said oh
my god kiss and I couldn't enter the
context I didn't buy tickets but I was
recording them from outside then I was
like wait is this the real kiss cuz I
don't know anything about case all I
know is that they were in an episode of
Family Guy or whatever and like with my
mom here's all I know is that like they
taught people how to give head like they
just they taught guys how to eat girls
out like they're like cases the reason
guys eat like I don't want to say it but
like cuz you know their whole thing is
with their tongue like I like rock star
like that that's all I know kiss for so
like I was like wait I thought he was
dead or I thought kisses from fucking
like I thought there would be a bigger
crowd for a kiss so I asked one of the
older people I was like like wait is
this the real case or the fake case and
she said I don't know listen I later
found out of course that it was the fake
kiss it's not the real band for me it's
okay I'm 20 years old I don't know shit
about kiss this lady was in her 30s why
how do you know who the real kids kids
you know the band like ah yeah guys look
pause he's not eating his food he wants
the burrito Bosley your food's ready
mom don't even look next to your legs
oh I've never done an outro in the
bathroom the other lighting is here
makes me look kind of fuckin
yellow anyways guys so I mean don't
worry I didn't sit down on the thing I
just decided to make my outro I was
gonna say ending my video here you don't
have to tell me I know this video was
very boring very very boring and I
apologize for that but like I said I
didn't vlog up the failure today because
I straight-up forgot my camera no
excuses and I thought to put something
out for you guys for the robot squad and
I still hope you guys enjoyed this video
regardless of how boring it is because I
try to bring out good content every
single day so please give me just one
free pass today anyways it's time to go
to the gym after I edit this and then
like I said I'll probably gonna go back
to the fair tonight mom should I go back
to the fair tonight I know I'm not gonna
play the basketball tonight huh guys oh
look out fake the fairies I hate the
fair so here this is retweet this to
spread awareness I'm saving you guys I'm
saving guys's lives so mom how cold is
my burrito bye now guys I talked so
fucking much I'm so annoying I know my
mama I'm gonna eat a hold on so a
one-day ticket to go to the fair it's 16
dollars right
one day 16 bucks okay the signs are
posted everywhere you go to the ticket
booth you know sixteen dollars okay pay
up what you don't know and shout out to
Jackie because she works there so she
gives me the inside scoop it's sixteen
dollars for one day or twenty-five
twenty-five twenty-six dollars for every
day of the whole month every day from
June 30 to July 4th a month in a day is
$26 or sixteen dollars for one day
Delmar fair why don't you have those
signs posted everywhere why isn't it one
month for 26 posted everywhere huh so
I'm saving your guys's lives retweet to
spread awareness one day for sixteen
dollars or the whole month for $26 so
you already know I got that but yes I'm
gonna go to the gym after I edit this go
to the fair later at night
and shout out the fuck girl Stephanie
because once it hits midnight tonight
it's her birthday today I shout out to
Stephanie I think she turns 15 years old
so happy birthday to her mom happy
birthday Stephanie oh no just say happy
birthday to Stephanie I forgot to add
something to my outro
that's how's it eating hit it hit me I
forgot to ask my outro so bathtub toilet
yeah guys really boring video today um I
thought what did I say like oh I just
hope you can give me one free pass for
it's a boring video I'm trying to make
you guys entertain every single day all
days when I forgot to say and I also try
to make you guys laugh every video so if
you guys are entertaining this video at
least tell me that you laugh that's my
goal every day just to entertain you
guys to make you guys laugh and keep you
guys interested for the whole video so
that's my goal in now we have to act
like I haven't ate the burrito and now
it's time to go eat the burrito mom how
cool it's my burrito
ice cold like snow fine mom this is for
Brevard squad I can wait to eat look at
the title of the shows that mean world's
dumbest it's me and Bosley we star in
the show world's dumbest God my mom
would kill me but yesterday while I was
at the fair you think that stopped me
from watching the game I still went to
this like booths that were selling TVs
and on the TV I asked them to play the
ask the guy said oh can you play the
game so I watch the game over there when
you out trying to have fun but you soft
to watch the game
and of course the Warriors won a KA rest
in peace Cavs because they're not you're
not winning Game five and Oracle so it's
over in five stupid of me to pick the
Cavs to win I admit it that was yeah not
yesterday I picked them two in the
series stupid of me Warriors are winning
in five it's just simple
the Warriors are the better basketball
team than the Cleveland Cavaliers
they're a better basketball team but
anyways after the game I get a text from
my dad
he literally sent me a selfie this
with no text no caption no nothing just
that and I replied to him and he didn't
even reply so he literally just sent me
the selfie and that's it like oh look at
me we won mm-hmm
okay guys to end this video for real cuz
you know it's not a real bruh wadis
video unless I say okay guys I'm ending
the vlog and then keep the video going
for like 2 more hours but anyways to end
this video for real I just wanted to
give a quick little shout-out to my
girlfriend Jackie who is working a
15-hour shift today 15-hour shift today
with only one 30-minute break how do you
know if that's fucking legal but anyways
um she got off work at midnight last
night midnight and then she got right
back to it at 8 in the morning from 8 to
11 what is that you have 15 hours she
picked up one of her co-workers who
couldn't make it on top of her shift so
8 to 11 shoutout Jackie so I'm gonna go
visit her but that's to end this video
for real I just want to give my
condolences to Christian so if you guys
didn't know I'm not gonna see her and
act like I know the whole story but
fellow youtuber fellow artists and
content of The Voice a couple years ago
was shot and killed at her own concert
and like I'm not gonna see him be like
oh I was her biggest fan I'm so sad no
but it doesn't matter you don't like
that's just it's I don't know what to
say like I was at the fan someone
tweeted it to me and I saw it like you
go out to do what you love singing
meeting fans and you wish like people
are cruel like how are you gonna kill I
don't know guys I don't know what to say
like I said I'm not gonna sit here and
act like oh I'm so sad I was her biggest
fan but it doesn't matter because my
prayers go up and condolences to her and
her family because who does that like
she's out I don't know what to say so go
out do what you love you're singing
you're meeting your fans and you get
shot and killed like it's just sad
that's what it is it's sad it's cruel
and um I don't know man some people are
I would say crazy but it's worse than
that some people are cycle and saying my
I don't know it's just crazy but I just
want to end my video with that um yes so
be careful the world is a crazy place
and just just be careful that's all I
gotta say because I know that story was
actually insane so anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed this vlog for Waters's down
I hope you guys all enjoy your Saturday
Bosley what do you want from me all
right keep looking I mean you're going
in the garage
