I got this
guys Bosley's literally stuck like that
Bosley what are you doing come here
oh he's finally moving Bosley just tell
me why the hell you're waiting under the
table when you're not gonna get any of
my food instead you're gonna get an ass
whippin and pudding in the garage just
joking move Bosley
so guys Jackie's on their way home go
home she just texts me saying I'm almost
home babe I'm just like what's home
anyways look I cook two pastas this one
for Jackie this one for me I already
took a bite but I can't let her find out
so I had to close the cup but look at
the obvious that's hers that's mine I
already ate some but I can't let her
find out I'm just joking I didn't cook
this by the way it's from Applebee's as
you guys can tell mozzarella sticks um
she's on her way back from work she
worked like 4:00 to 10:00 or some with
no break because they were short on
staff today at work so uh she'd have a
lunch or anything she hasn't ate like
all day I got her that she's almost here
Bosley Jackie's here you want to go by
Jackie let's go yeah you want you want
Jackie huh you want a piece of that ass
huh it's been say hi guys she Archie
already caught me right when I kissed
her outside she said your breath smells
like food got me eating the second we
can't the posse I told her we have to
act like we're really at the restaurant
so first we get the appetizer which is
mozzarella sticks and then the pasta
comes out maybe they please a little bit
look how little and you tell me what to
stop I know one two that's it
one-two punch like Devon okay what's
your one one why okay no baby didn't
even come out it's not a meal without
pepper you even have to put pepper on
dessert like ice cream okay here look
okay okay anyone here oh no my god not
so much as he saw Hey oh wait oh my god
look black right there guys look so
Bosley smells the chicken obviously he's
been standing here for the whole entire
time and look now he doesn't get scared
the garage garage garage I'm gonna put
you in the garage all the other time he
runs away now that there's food he
doesn't care okay give me five give me
five oh now you listen hard Bosley
guys it's pretty early right now 9:00 in
the morning I usually go to the gym
around 11:00 11:30 sorry my mom and dad
are asleep upstairs I usually go to gym
around 11:00 11:30 or even later on that
night but today I woke up and I just
couldn't go back to sleep so why not
make some use of my time I can't find my
keys what to do so oh how my keys in the
bathroom are you checking off oh well so
on yeah my whole body's sore cuz I woke
up past couple of days so today instead
of trying to push my body and making it
worse I'm just going to shoot around
maybe do some ABS but more than likely
I'm just gonna shoot around and let's go
see early morning Jim says right now
it's supposed to be a lot of hard
working going oh fuck oh fuck this way
this working going now like yeah you got
it table real well the mission to make
it
my god he's going the same what go
there's no oh my god guys you know it's
like 9 10 9:15 and I'm just having these
thoughts like how cool would it be if I
had background music that followed me
wherever I went like like check what I'm
talking about like I'll show you guys
when I walk to the gym like imagine
every time I walk just just look
someone's old something well to get it
back
get his dental fix and dent it mama
dentist with the white shorts mom those
are not appropriate dentistry my mom
says she's gonna sue me if I surrender
why she were to give copyright okay so I
got on Jackie's Drake and future Jackie
I'm actually gonna steal this from it
actually fits me nice and it looks sick
look at this so I'm actually on my way
to go pick up some buffalo fries right
now those are so bombed they're like
carne asada fries but buffalo chicken so
let's go do that right now
oh wait like an hour on my way to go get
some fries
guys so while I was waiting Jackie's
jacket and I was in the drive-through
you know it just hit me I came up with a
riddle I call it three J's Jack Jackie's
jacket aha Jack Jackie's jacket I Jack
Jackie's jacket this is hers well let's
make it for Jane's I jacked
Jackie's jacket yeah ha ha ha there's my
riddle before Jays Jack Jackie Jackie
jaw jello well speaking of Jackie she's
gonna kill me because she sent me a
snapchat and her hair's curly today so I
tried to be nice I tried to compliment
her house I've oh babe you look so hot
your hair looks like jack-in-the-box
curly fries it's nice and she said what
the fuck is wrong so I don't know guys
if this is one lesson don't compliment
your girls I guess your hair is jackin
the-box curly fries the long ones that
nobody eats ladies get yourself a guy
who looks at you the way Bosley looks at
my girlfriend
we're Middle Eastern not Hispanic see
this is why everyone at my school thinks
I'm Mexican we eat a lot of Mexican food
look this was mine earlier now our our
lunch we have some Arabic card kebabs ok
guess where I'm going
dad guess good job
I went earlier
it starts with hair Tom time to go get a
haircut the best day dad you don't need
one you have a good lineup now only one
a month I have one month ago
I'm 6 days actually today's the seventh
one week it's time to go get my haircut
permanent smile when I'm going to go get
a haircut oh my god I love hair cuts
just as much as I love Jackie maybe a
little more oh I wonder what background
music is gonna be chosen for me walking
to my barbershop came up that's on me
stay true that's on me no he'll mess up
a great Tommy's whole journey quarantine
Bosley do you want to go in the garage
no huh you don't want to go in the
garage well then stop doing that with
your tongue every time Jackie comes over
because I do it better than you so it's
not a competition so stop trying to
compete and she doesn't even look at you
when you do that okay up up oh my god
he's about to do it yet guys Bosley kept
licking his paws so I put a towel over
it so he doesn't see buzzing where are
your hands you see yeah he kept licking
that paw and when we took him to the vet
like months ago Bosley what are you
eating when we took him to that that a
long time ago they said that licking
your paw too much can cause infection or
whatever so we're not supposed to let
him do it oh he smells my dad now he
wants to wake up my dad you want to see
wrong
Bosley no he's asleep no he's sleeping
Bosley
okay guys so rug has to put Bosley food
and let's see what Brian's background
theme song is Bosley it's time for your
food the song starts when you start
walking give me a turn
everyone needs background music I got my
angels
pumping gas you already know number one
Dee buck Devin Booker guys I cut my hair
a little shorter on top I don't know if
you guys can tell I went usually I get
like an 8 on top this time I went six
look usually I can run my fingers
through it but now it like it sure I
don't know if you guys can tell but uh I
came to pump gas and you already know
bruh wallets love snacks so I got
tempted I'm bout to go inside and go buy
some snacks I thought my mom just
Bulldog with the caddy
but it's not her I just got off the
shower everyone who gets haircuts knows
you cannot judge a haircut till after
you get out the shower so yeah you could
tell looks a little short on top at
least I could guys I'm pumping gas about
to going to get some snags and I met a
huge fan right here my name's Rudy
shoutout to my brother Andrew who
watches the blocks does he shout out
Andrew
yeahjust madam a 7-eleven pumping gas
you know we have to get the cheap gas
located but another girl in the car
that's my sister
oh yeah all right bro nothing to thanks
for watching my date all right guys look
what happens when you try to eat in
front of Bosley mmm that is so good good
look father get it with your hand with
your hand with your hand oh but you
can't eat it it's cheese mmm
hey get it with your hand with your hand
Oh with your hand here I feel bad for
you so we'll go get a tree do you want
to treat it's downstairs let's go get a
treat let's go come on I'm gonna treat
you so hey easy buddy let's go get
Adrian oh my god oh my god he jumps up
come here look at the treat oh hey you
want a treat
do you really want to treat why bring in
blood Bosley give me five no move out
Bosley in the LG man okay look do you
okay hold on come here come here
okay Bosley wait if you scratch me one
more time no treat and you're going in
the garage sit sit
okay wait let me open the bag hold on
we've got the tree right here okay wait
don't move don't move
hold on no don't move no wait wait
Bosley Hey look at me Bosley no not
buzzing listen you're supposed to wait
till I say go okay say the tree is here
no not yet wait wait Possley wait
oh wait sit wait hold on wait wait don't
go yet don't go go get it
okay look and we'll do one more we'll do
one more okay guys one more this one
Bosley uh sit shake shake okay hold on
give me five no give me five okay now
stand up stand up stand up up up up up
okay
and spin okay sit and catch Oh almost
was Lee Nomura fat fuck look at that
belly Bosley it's like you just had 12
pack of Corona hey I caught my dad I
don't want anything no I don't want that
I offered my deputation now I just say
pasta coming King Donnie pizza um in the
vlog everyone has to have like
background music so I need to you need
to walk and I put background music
behind on well I won't show you in the
boxes just your feet but wait first let
me get the song hold on okay guys for my
dad's theme song the Warriors fan dad
you start walking whenever you want have
you heard that song that huh it's called
fuck Steph Curry oh yeah what are you
watching oh god I have to explain that
video dad hold on cause it really quick
okay uh in that video I did not mention
that it was a scale like I'd at the end
of the video I didn't say oh this was a
scale hope you guys enjoyed I thought I
made a um really obvious I thought I
made it really obvious that that was a
skit but you know YouTube comments
section once the comments came out dude
fuck that guy he's such a hater
we love you bruh wadays no it was a
skate ice I sent myself all those things
i roasted myself I talk shit about
myself the whole video
there was no hater
it was me I was the hater I just did a
little scat thought it would be funny to
do something different and I thought I
made it pretty obvious that it was a
skate but I guess not because a lot of
the comments people I couldn't believe
it when I read a ton of comments saying
dude wow that guy's so mean I feel bad
for you Brandon I was just like no so
dad watch it I don't know how people
thought that was real but if that was
real then some dude is literally out to
kill me
yeah with it no guys it was just a scare
I understand I should have said oh this
is just a skit but I just thought I had
made it really really really obvious I
just like roasting myself out of a huge
nose got crooked hairline bushy eyebrows
what's new no in all honesty I really
didn't I expected everybody to get that
it was a skit I really did not expect
even a single comment to to where
someone would actually believe that that
was a real p.o box opening video let
alone multiple people believe that ah no
hey are you guys calling me a good actor
I know if you guys are calling me a good
actor then I'll know shout-out to you
guys but what just happened
earthquake a mini er look I still feel
like a little after right now shake yeah
it's a little after right now I feel it
so yeah guys let me explain that
earthquake really quick before I end
this vlog so it was around I don't even
know what time past midnight and I was
like just in the stage you know when
you're about to fall asleep but you're
not fully asleep so like you still
conscious but like you're falling in and
out of sleep and I start feeling my bed
shake and I'm just like oh like and I
start feeling kind of the house shake
too and I'm like Oh Bosley just like
jumped off the couch but he sleeps on
the couch so I thought he jumped off to
get water or something you know the
usual he shakes the whole house but then
I thought about I was like wait if
Bosley jumped off the couch then the
house would have shook a little more not
just that and then so I go out first of
all Bosley's that ass slept through the
earthquake could probably dreaming about
some like tree or chicken or dreaming
about Jackie's ass or something I don't
know but Bosley slept with earthquake
and I checked Twitter everyone's talking
about earthquake this earthquake that
I'm just like wait
I just witnessed a fuckin earthquake and
I look it was actually a 5.2 magnitude
and in wet like not just saying go
people from LA fell to people in San
bernandino Borrego it was it was like a
majority of California felt it so it was
actually pretty big and no I not
honestly I didn't really think balls
jumped off the couch I like I knew was
an earthquake and I was like I woke up
and I'm just like fuck like I just
witnessed an earthquake but no and oh
and and then I heard like ambulances and
and a fire truck drive past my street so
hopefully whatever that was about what
I'm not sure I didn't hear anything
about it most people are okay and
nothing serious happened 5.2 so I'm
guessing everybody was okay and there
was not any major injuries but
nonetheless earthquakes are actually
scary guys first of all shame on America
that Twitter is literally the most late
after a fucking earthquake I don't get
that literally everyone is instead of
trying to tweet like worried like
everyone was literally trying to tweet
the funniest shit just act like they
weren't scared that was what Twitter was
Twitter was the mostly it's ever been
that way that night but anyways I'm
gonna take a shot that I'm about to go
to the fair yup you heard it I'm going
to the Del Mar fair I'm gonna be there
around like 7:00 p.m. I'ma be there till
11 p.m. I'm gonna be there from like
7:00 to 11:00 7-eleven so uh catch me
there but anyways bro watch vlog thank
you so much for watching brandon is out
I'm not even gonna be on the ride or
anything I'm just being next to Jackie's
booth grabbing her but no I'm just
joking I actually got in trouble the
first day for grabbing her button her
boss is gonna be there today so not by
really imma just be chillin next her
booth for like a couple hours he'll come
through if you go to the fair
