I got this okay what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka robotics and today
I'm bringing you guys a peel box opening
video and I haven't done one of these in
a long long time so I know I gotta have
been waiting for this I hope you guys
enjoyed this peel box opening video is
actually kind of weird because you guys
are used to you know a bunch of
different packages from a bunch of
different areas these are actually two
huge packages from the same person I'm
not sure how to pronounce the name it
was right here
it's fu that's the first name su so far
and then the last time is ckb ra and do
n so fuck Crandon i don't know it and
it's he's from right here in San Diego
California um so he sent me these are
filled with filled with things and I
took all the letters out there were a
bunch of letters right here so I think
the papers got ripped I don't know it's
like a number seven or like a letter
I'm not sure like a L but there's a
bunch of letters right here you know
like I took them all out but anyway
let's get right into this so first it
says that okay so we have a twig here
filled with thorns ah ah actually al
that's it pretty sharp so this and it
came with this a huge tub of protein I
love working out so this letter says
four waters you might want to put this
protein to use because you work out
every single day and you brag about it
in your videos yet you still look like
the twig that I sent you on I think
that's a joke so I look like this so
semi protein so thank you oh fuck
Brandon so they're not some protein
thank you so much dude next next package
this one
it's anti-aging cream
store breath and so he didn't spend too
much money on this Elena's store brand
this one reads bruh wadis you're 20
years old but the wrinkles on your
forehead make you look 80 um you also
have creases along your legs and under
your nose and I don't know what the hell
you've done or how old you really are
what you claimed tonight will be 21
years old so good luck with the
anti-aging cream ha another joke from
fuck Brandon so Auto guys he's up he's
funny so anti-aging cream we'll put that
to use thank you so much do you really
didn't have to do this next one this one
is actually for this this says this is
for your brother Brian so oh well we got
Brian a xbox controller your book your
brother calls himself a gamer but that
dumbass never uploads gaming videos so
why don't you give him the controller
because his might be missing tell Rach I
said fuck you Wow
so this guy might be an optic fan or on
a bud thanks dude I'll be sure to give
this one to rug no oh these are oh wow
he sent my mom sure he said give those
to mama rug just in case she hasn't
never ever heard of shorts other than
the color white tell her is also not
illegal to wear shorts of a different
color she needs to step up her style or
else big Ron will not want to be with
her anymore
wow that one was kind of harsh but I get
I'm waiting for the letter to say he's
just joking well I think he's got to
shaped in the letter L let's create an L
for legs so L for oh no Larry the
lobster I don't know so oh wow he sent
me oh wow this is
this is nice a dress shirt and jeans a
dresser and jeans these must have been
expensive what's well bra tease you look
like a fucking homeless you realize it
is not illegal to actually dress up for
once in your life rather than wearing
basketball shorts and a fucking white
t-shirt oh and Nike Nike slippers Wow so
he got me a dress shirt and jeans thanks
dude I hope you didn't spend too much
money on those because these look really
nice I'll definitely be putting those
shoes all the next letter says oh hold
on
I guess the jeans weren't for me oh okay
well he says that actually he says the
dress is for me and the jeans are for
Jackie because it says she clearly wears
the pants in your guys relationship haha
good one dude so I guess the dress is
mine and the jeans are Jackie's and he
says that she wears the pants in the
relationship
oh no this dudes actually really funny
so next you sent me a jar of Froot Loops
Froot Loops now if it tastes good the
letter A with these ones oh yeah brought
us you look like the fucking Froot Loops
you came with your big-ass nose and
Jackie looks like Fiona from Shrek so
okay so I don't know why the fuck you
guys are dating oh wait that makes sense
to ugly people make a cute couple
so do it thanks for watching my videos
you seem to know a lot about me so I
guess okay thanks
oh wait in small plane says you also
look like Aaron Hernandez if he never
worked out a single day in his life you
fuckin twig okay so I guess he says I
look like Aaron Hernandez was a
good-looking man but I have no muscle he
says oh no guys he also got me a whip it
says here that I am pussy whipped by
pussy that I don't even get from Jackie
he said I talk about in my videos all
the time but I don't even get any pussy
and I'm so whipped so he sent me a whip
I guess that makes sense
oh no no that was funny
he also said he says here are the two
balls you don't have so I got to accept
me two balls and and oh wow what is it
okay so he sent condoms Magnum so at
least he knows what I've gone down there
he says please for the love of God use
these condoms so that you and Jackie
never have a baby because God knows how
big that baby's nose will be and okay oh
oh oh he says to look down here okay he
gave me a mask and a homeschool
certificate in use to read if you don't
listen to me because you don't listen to
anybody who's stubborn piece of shit
here's a mask in case you decide you in
case you guys decide to send your son to
school with his big-ass nose you can
cover it with this or if you guys don't
want him to get made fun of every day of
his life because God knows how big he
says God knows how big your baby's nose
would be with you two giving him the no
jeans he gave me a home school that kind
of a homeschool thing to fill out where
we can homeschool or our kid this guy's
actually funny dude where's the just
joking letter oh my god
he also gave what is this a No
condom I'm knows condom what the hell
huh a fucking knows content I've never
seen one of these before so oh he gave
me the note in the shape of my nose he
says here's a nose condom because your
nose is probably bigger than your here's
a nose condom in case you decide to
Jackie with your nose because your nose
is bigger than your Wow
so I guess my nose is bigger than seven
inches Wow this guy's on one today
okay wait this package is kind of weird
so it comes with mounting the eric
bledsoe action figures with this one it
comes with a magnifying glass and some
lotion this this letter reads Brandon
for a wallet we all know Jackie is only
with you for the money she does not give
you any sex so here's some lotion to use
for every single night you jack off
that's not true but okay
here's the magnifying glass because you
might need help seeing that thing at
night what thing
oh I think you saw about mine and we all
know that you would much rather jack off
to an air blood-cell action figure than
watch porn or have sex with your
girlfriend can't deny that one Wow so he
gave me lotion a magnifying glass and
air gloves with thanks fuck Brandon I
guess I'm gonna have fun tonight okay so
Wow he also gave me a dollar he said you
might want to tip your barber an extra
dollar that way he doesn't mess up your
fucking lineup just like every other
fucking time I mean
so I guess I'll say this out of here
could appointment tomorrow but Oh
oh my god here's a letter directly from
the Sun Club
it reads dear Brandon you are taking the
biggest L of anyone in 2016 for being a
fan for being such a big fan of one of
the worst teams in the whole NBA you
miss out on hanging out with your
friends you miss gym time and you skip
time with your girlfriend to watch us
lose every fucking game you are pathetic
take this l love Phoenix Suns thanks for
your support but next time support a
better team hmm it's today April Fool's
what is this everyone playing jokes on
your own Oh okay guys so the next
package he sent it says did not fit in
all these packages so he shifted to my
house so I guess it's a big package I
can't wait to see what it is
shipped it to my own home how nice of
him that probably cost him a lot of
money oh shit
a shovel paint
well then we'll read the note later okay
why would he send gold paint and a
shovel
what the hell am I supposed to do with a
shovel and gold paint
no Shelby's up my ass what are you
sending I'll let you go no Brandon you
say oh this is for Jackie paint the
shovel gold and go dig hmm okay so he's
I think it's like an arts-and-crafts toy
or something cuz he said to give it to
Jackie and a birth paint the shovel gold
and dig my ass I don't know what I'll
know what that means but tell Jackie to
paint the shovel gold and dig you're at
alright well thanks for the gifts
anyways I'll be taking these inside it
also reads you say Jackie can't be you
say Jackie isn't a gold-digger because
you guys started dating while you were
pushing carts working at a grocery store
for a minimum wage before you even had a
YouTube channel you guys started dating
and she works two jobs well joke's on
you bruh Wallace cuz that still makes
her a gold digger okay that's what it
says on the on the note so it says oh
here it says in fine print just read the
comments section of YouTube everybody
calls her a gold digger meaning she is
clearly a gold digger
he says the comments section of YouTube
is the most reliable source for
information Oh a pan for once in your
life would you cook something you
dumbass to cam looking bitch life is not
all about fast food so he gave me a pan
ha I'm gonna try to cook some rice or
cereal once this video is over god this
guy's really he sent so many things in a
package oh he sent me a razor see what
this letter dear bro wadis please shave
that thing off your face that you call a
goatee because I have more pubes on
because I have more pubes on my then you
do facial here as a matter of fact that
looks exactly like my cube so please
shave it off your face hey so you gave
me a razor
Wow this guy's kind of weird I don't
know but he's a he's a big fan he knows
a lot about me Oh clown nose bingo
stop look Phoebe I'm a clown so he gave
me this clown nose
and he says bro Lois you're 5 foot 9 140
pounds yet you wear size 12 shoes you
fucking look like a clown okay where's
the justjoking sign I don't know oh my
god
Steph Curry Jersey a step three well I
never knew Steph Curry play for the
Kings what the hell and this Jersey came
with salt hmm
oh my god a Steph Curry Jen did you know
how expensive these are instead she's in
the final dear bro bodies I know your
dumb ass would think I'll just step
curry jersey because you act like you
know everything about basketball when
you really don't that is a Seth Curry
Jersey because you're used to being like
the lesser brother you are used to being
out shined by your brother and here is
some salt because you're so salty your
brother has two and a half million
subscribers okay guys we're getting to
the end of it okay oh my god
a letter from YouTube I just contacted
YouTube I asked them why my channel
wasn't verified yet and I think they
have an answer bravados pick up the okay
it tells me to pick this up it looks
like baked like fishing babe hmm
robotics dumbass oh you too
your channel is not verified because
don't put down the bait pick it up again
okay all you do is click bait and your
channel name is bro wadis yet all you do
is talk about you and your damn
girlfriend you're obsessed with her you
model change the name to Brandon and
Jackie until then you will not be
verified
sincerely YouTube okay well I guess that
answers my question and we're down to
the last package this one this last
package is a row oh wow
this rope actually fits around my neck
and a knife the knife set
kys kyf kiss kiss okay I don't know what
the Rope is for and I don't know why he
told me kid kys kiss the knife
but thank you so much really they have
to um I think that's all I think that's
all we have going for this p.o box
opening video dude thank you so much I
think the letter that said just joking
got lost in the mail or something but
you really didn't have to send me all
these things guys it actually means so
much to me that people go out of their
way to send me these things like I just
have such loyal 4 watts what is the best
wall I have such loyal subscribers I
don't care what anyone says I only have
700 K subs only yeah right I have 700 K
stuff and and I wouldn't trade those for
10 million cells of a different youtuber
because for watch what is the best spot
did you see what this guy's sent me
could you imagine how much time and
effort and money you put into these
things it just warms my heart like it
makes you want to cry like so many like
oh no guys I'm just speechless I really
don't know what to say thank you so much
and for watch god I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I'm gonna go look for
the letter that says just joking uh oh
wait I forgot one thing there's
make up in here not sure why's that make
up oh it says you always you always tell
your girlfriend Jackie that she's pretty
without makeup but the truth is she goes
zero out of ten without okay guys I got
to find this I gotta find this letter
that says just joking
once I do that I'm gonna thank this guy
so much she sent me a freaking Seth
Curry Jersey like a dress so many things
so thank you fuck banging and I
appreciate it thumb so much and thank
you guys so much for watching
wait guys it appears I had missed two
more things so there's a CD and a pack
of tampons I'm guessing those are for my
girlfriend the CD is a rosetta stone how
to speak English it says that's for your
fucking girlfriend who Kingman's okay
I'm not gonna read that one the tampons
on them I don't think my girlfriend's on
her period it says the tampons are for
you bruh wat is for when the NBA season
starts because every time you want your
son's game it looks like you're on your
fucking period okay oh wait there's one
more
McDonald's shaped letter do bruh Wallace
McDonald's would like to sponsor you for
your fucking lips they are shaped like
the McDonald's logo and not in a sexy
way
so stop licking them because you're not
hot all right god I am video here guys
I'm going to end this video here I hope
you guys enjoyed
