I got this
no I'm not going to do this I'll get you
the hand code
guys we just ordered it a $20 in a box
two pizzas pasta and bread six
for just us we're waiting for the food
right now and sports centers on TV
bling
because you know we actually like we
plan to go to Panda Express and we
walked into Panda Express we walked in
the Panda Express we took our wave don't
fuck and we're like no we're going to
we're gonna Pizza Hut so now we're
getting a huge box of pizza for
ourselves guys what do you think of this
idea I was just entertaining an idea to
Jackie but she she wasn't really all for
it but I'm for it
I said imagine how cute it would be like
you know posting pictures on Instagram
of Bosley with a baby like I just want
to see how Bollywood actor the baby
what like babe why in fact you say
you're doing this Oprah Watterson post
pictures on Instagram with Bosley and a
baby imagine how many likes was that
picture Bosley would Basu and baby bro
wadis or guys imagine this cuz I just
had like a like a day you know vision of
Jackie being pregnant holding the leash
with Bosley walking into Petco for his
shower and that's when I was like babe
it's time
babe actually I'm like scared like you I
can't picture myself yeah but I just
want Bosley - I know but can you imagine
a round face in the round belly that's
so terrible I know but I just want
Bosley to be Nick like with a baby
before he dies and we know Brian's not
bringing a baby anytime soon so we need
to do this for Bosley okay guys I guess
Bosley is not going to have a baby
friend and you won't be seeing rewards
Instagram posts of Bosley and a baby you
can't you fall okay get Bosley to get
something pregnant no I want I can see
it now oh I can see thumbnail of a vlog
Bosley next to my son well why don't we
have a girl
okay then Bosley will have a new
girlfriend can you Bosley no it's not
Bosley is not directly related to me I
just bought him Bosley could date my
daughter in the future as long as he
loses some weight because I don't want
my daughter to date a lazy bum yeah okay
guys well babe please he can never do
anything for my daughter
first of all daughter but he does not
play with toys anymore okay we go he
doesn't play with you I know but maybe
play with a baby and just imagine how
cute the pictures okay so one time his
little cousin came by and boss he
actually wanted Fox we tried to fight
each other by her lips for time yeah but
you can't rein in my buzzy if you buy
her in the garage and then you won't Oh
it's scratch okay fine we're not gonna
have a baby ever good you never ever
ever carry anything I mean literally
guys I'm making her practice for
carrying Bosley while she's pregnant so
babe
carry the pizza box down and you have to
hold your belly out and hold your back
with your hands or do you want me to
take the box huh take it baby okay fine
Bosley your future mother your future
mother-in-law is here go see Jackie
she's here right there go see Jackie
Bosley fuzzy okay guys so we're got to
go eat and then I got to finish editing
while Jackie waits for me I'm about to
finish editing and then we got big plans
for today so we're gonna have our meal
and then I'm gonna go upstairs and
finish editing and then we start our day
once the editing and upload gets out of
the way then our day for bro Wallace and
Jackie for Brockie can start the PIO box
opening if I haven't done one and so
long P o box opening oh my dad this
actually looks so good this is from
pizza from Mesa Thank You Pete us so
much like I appreciate you really you
really didn't have to send it but I mean
I appreciate it so thanks so much but
what are you doing waiting for me to
edit and then we'll go I'm watching this
baby online
but did someone dragged you across your
genes getting ready for our trip guys we
need we need we're going on a trip we
need this get away with honestly we just
want to fucking have fun so we got this
hotel we're going on a trip we're doing
this getaway the hotel is about two
miles away from our house so or mile and
two miles away from her house so we're
doing a getaway
yeah it's literally down the street
we're doing a getaway vacation getaway
two minutes from our home and I'm
packing right now I just finished
editing and uploading my video how
excited are you for this vacation babe
we're so hyped for this vacation and oh
and they have continental breakfast they
give like a muffin but we have to know
you have to wake up at like 6:00 in the
morning that's why they say free
continental breakfast cuz they know no
one's gonna get off their ass that
fucking early in a hotel shit guys my
mom just my mom just got home she's
gonna see me packing what she doesn't
know we're going ha mom it's me and
Jackie yeah you need help we'll be glad
to help you mom only cuz you're wearing
the white shorts we'll be glad
Jackie told her parents plan until my
mom yet so I think we're just gonna uh
you know we're just gonna wing you okay
we're just we're just gonna wait and
wait till they see the video and then
see their reaction you guys we need this
fuckin one one night vacation they bring
my bag down wait I'm not done packing
guys I have to get myself right for this
vacation baby I really have you know bro
mmm that's so why do you do stuff with
me forever you know how babe knows a
little right here look we're no I'm not
doing here that's right Tammy to do okay
we take them to Peter to Jackie's house
hello mom why you assume the white
shirts look good on you I'm going I'm
going to the gym look No okay guys the
route guidance will now start to the
hotel approximate time to get arrived at
the destination two minutes I can't wait
for this vacation actually no my mom
will come oh I'll get the phone call my
mom tonight when I tell him staying at
the hotel for you guys gosh we just
arrived at CBS to get snacks for the
rest of the day the pizza isn't enough
we need candy and other snacks
guys I really don't know what has more
butter movie theater butter or regular
butter which one is more hold on let me
ask you might be I'm dumb for asking
this but what has more butter butter or
movie theater butter popcorn Oh like
that's more okay okay guys we're out
here grocery shopping whatever it's
called grocery grocery Allah babe we
don't need that shit what are we gonna
do is shower and then wipe in bounty
napkins literally for one day save how
long are we going to wait for like two
hours like three weeks
it looks like guys Jackie's house is
literally like right up there up the
hill my house is literally right down
there behind that bridge and the hotel's
right here let's go babe
it was a long road trip see it was like
what three four minutes guys every time
we go to a hotel I like to make it seem
like we're moving in so I always bring
this photo frame I made Phoenix Suns
colored that's the first time Oh
imagine if it flew to the fucking Street
that's the first time Jackie kissed my
neck the Krusty Krab Pizza look I had to
take um do you guys actually have two
beds cuz I don't want to share a bed
with her anymore
okay I'm not joking you are a turtle
you're a camper
look at our view Wow what a beautiful
view babe let's go we're after that
record when we first walked in stuff to
make it like a good flog scene alright
guys time to check out the room the
worker told me that this room comes with
a hot latina chick included but I don't
believe oh shit
lunch time oh wait is it dinner right
now our lunch then why listen to a con
he's survived Versailles as funny shit
just happened wait babe how was ice Andi
like I was also so angry I was so good
like I was about a shower and I forgot
my face wash and I forgot extra clothes
and now because I remember I was in a
rush when I packed so you know I'm just
standing there against the wall I'm like
this I'm like fuck what am I like what
am I supposed to do and Jackie goes babe
you know we're literally like one minute
from your house and I was like oh shit
oh yeah so now I'm gonna go back to my
house to get this up see this is why I
take vacation literally down the street
of my home because of situations like
that I was all depressed I was like fuck
I can't wash my face I forgot extra
clothes how am I gonna show I'm about to
go home to go get my fucking stuff I
come down to the lobby and my neighbor
is there of course I run into my
neighbor oh no guys I literally I walked
out I was like hey what's up she's like
you got kicked out I said no I'm just
saying here one night with my girlfriend
are you gonna miss me
yeah you're gonna miss me huh Bosley if
you say you're gonna miss me I won't put
you in the garage Adam I only know like
cold pizza
I didn't even microwave it my girlfriend
says gross as it goes why okay guys so I
just got the text from my mom where are
you buddy that's what the tech tech said
yeah hello mom hey did you text me
yeah why did you go to freedom Holland
address uh I left I know I said where
you going I know I'm in a hotel with
Jackie your motel with Jackie oh we got
booked up we booked the hotel for a
six-month anniversary mom why do you
have to get a hotel enough what that was
all a joke
Thank You Jacqueline so we're inviting
we're inviting more people later like
like a little party and they're bringing
drinks but I'm not driving we're just
gonna get a little drunk
unless I'm on oh oh come on that's not
that that's not the only thing I'm
getting I'm also getting you a baby
after tonight honey mothers respond good
wrinkle filler but the mother from my
house now listen to me I swear to that
watch what they are now listen which was
paralyzed mom okay I'm just joking about
the drinking and party part but I'm
gonna math enough a baby no I'm just
joking mom
where can I stay in the hotel it's like
right down the street we're just eating
pizza and watching TV no one's coming
it's just me and Jackie - anything now
fun ones oh please no people over no no
no what none why would we want people
over it's just me and her
oh yeah that's what I thought okay yeah
but not so much fun hope so
yeah not too much fun just a little okay
a lot - sir Sir - Jessie came babe she
says ha my baby just kicked
what I said my baby just kicked
you want me to come there
humid sometimes about this might happen
mom if we do have a broader bosley would
get along like with a baby if only I had
it if only I had a choice at this point
mom we got some news for you okay mom
bye no no I'm just joking she's not
pregnant yet but don't be surprised
after tonight nine months from okay bye
mom cause my girlfriend lets the toilet
see you know I didn't yeah you did okay
who left it up you know I didn't know I
believe guys I'm celebrating babe hold
on I'm celebrating my girlfriend just
took her makeup off I love what she
takes your makeup off babe you're so
pretty without makeup I tell her it I
always tell her babe you don't need
makeup to look pretty and she says babe
look so me and Jackie have been working
on doing a language challenge where we
want to do like a full challenge video
we're trying to make it into a challenge
with a stake my loser has to do
something at the end we're trying to no
save get the fuck out no I like you
mistake to eat no so later for my
channel me and Jackie are trying to come
up with a language challenge where she
tries to make me say her words in her
language Spanish obviously and I try to
make her say words in my language us
want to give you guys a little preview
so for today's video is your breath not
after eating hot cheetos please before
sleeping the same that
maash okay brush your teeth yeah okay um
so we're gonna give you guys a little
preview that video I don't know when
we're gonna do it but we're trying to
make time to do that video I feel like
it would be really funny cuz I can't do
a Spanish accent she for sure can not
speak my language so we're gonna give
you a little preview they say actually
no I'm gonna go first say how are you
dizzy with totem pole get up say deaf
you it
what yes II would just he would the he
wait look eggs that's wrong okay tell me
this a spoon mine was sure literally how
are you so don't give me some fucking
tango caliber no splat babe no no no no
tengo you
uh-uh don't tell me that shit dangling
tengo hambre old I say this tingle on
Bray with them oh I'd say see stuff with
it like this see you safe with it okay
but fine I'll you need one you easy one
you table bula know something actually
real what does that fake it's real now
me like okay fine Oh et robber busa I
means I have a big bud
what the fuck empty rock or a cheapo so
robber it babe you can't ask you to
repeat it three million johnsy cuz I
need to know it precedes it t
buh-ba-ba-bah
big no no no 80 boost Oh robot just it
to boo so robot babe what are you doing
playing okay then no we can't play till
after we record this part this is
business babe it's time for playing this
time for work
oh okay guys just wait for the video to
come out here hot cheetos Joe Carroll
hot cheetos
you what haha okay guys we're working on
that video we're trying to make it into
a challenge full video about that
when it comes out like no we have a
stake at the end of not like sir the
lane the jumper god I got a handle these
guys Pete's ain't good enough for the
both of us we're about to go out and go
get food
what time is it like 11 o'clock look
babe what food are we good baby I
thought we were gonna go get food what
are you doing okay guys I guess we're
going to eat this pizza change of plans
we ate pizza for breakfast lunch and
dinner change of plans
junkie said fuck that let's go get food
so we're going to go get food right now
and then coming back to the hotel I
don't know what we're gonna get yet but
guys there's a Denny's right here but
we're not really fucking with Denny's
right now and Jackie just gave me a
wedgie so I'm not fucking taking her to
get news you did yes you did hey naina
you know hanging out literally is always
so busy guys and in this episode of
English words that Jackie cannot
pronounce babe say tortoise turd is no
tortoise Kurtis babe okay you know we
were gonna do the challenge where she
speaks my language I think it would be
better if we just did it where Jackie
tries to speak English hey that would be
harder for you than speaking my language
cuz there's ly like a cake back fuckin
function right outside the hotel look
people are smoking drinking around the
parking lot look look they're all
smoking drinking turning up in the
parking lot they've got back in the bed
please
why would you ever do this they're
hunting a hornet's nest Animal Planet
and chill with Jackie babe does this
turn you on if every other prettiest
girl in the whole world
they're so cute to me
pretty no but I mean either pretty from
the whole world
I would only wake up 6:00 in the morning
just to get new gushers babe babe do you
want gosh okay guys and it's now time to
check out what an adventures vacation or
the adventurous getaway now it's time to
get back to real life it's time to face
reality and go back home two minutes
away
