got this what is going on for what squad
um oh my god almost a very bad voice
cracked I was a little bad one but not
very bad beautiful day outside I swear
I'd say it's like 70 to 80 degrees a
little bit of wind flow the Sun is out
weatherman burr waters reporting for
duty and once this video finishes look
three minutes left
me and Jackie are going to celebrate our
six-month anniversary
so yesterday with our six-month
anniversary but as you know Jackie works
at the fair and at the fair she works
every single day it's open every single
day so Monday's the fair is closed so
yesterday was our anniversary on a
Sunday today's Monday we're gonna
celebrate today not sure what we're
gonna do we're gonna go out to eat for
breakfast first and then she said she
wants to go to the beach I personally I
hate the beach but you got a girlfriend
you gotta please a girlfriend whatever
she wants to do what you got to do so
we're gonna go to the beach and then
we're gonna do what she like something
into what I like and I like to get a
hotel so don't really get a hotel room
so it's got away from my video to upload
and then obviously I have to change cuz
you know bruh Wallace never goes down in
like basketball shorts and just a plain
teacher he's always dressed up so yeah
let's go
me and Jackie celebrate six month
anniversary I did yesterday I went to
the fair just to see her but that
doesn't count as celebrating so we're
gonna go have some fun I counted
celebrating our six-month anniversary
when we literally go out every time she
has a day off anyway so like I promised
to dress up like these shirts they're
not the same I was wearing black shorts
but now I dressed up into these shorts
oh no I think it's a little too dressy
just for a six month anniversary what do
you think I'm just joking guys I'm
debating if I should actually dress up
or just like because we're going to the
we're just going to go out to eat Beach
and then probably hotel so
oh no but let's debate let's see if
you're asking why I can't wear
basketball shorts cuz like Jackie told
me she was wearing a dress so I'm like
oh babe send me a picture on and see how
you look so she sent me in the picture
sent me a picture of her in the dress
and out died damn your fate I was like
babe you look so fucking hot like you
know the definition of like smoking sexy
ha I was like babe
fuck so I can't wear basketball shorts
because there's more than 99% chance
that I'm going to pop up like you know
when I see her and like being with her
the whole day so I gotta wear something
that's more firm to you know like keep
cuz I'm
she looks fucking mmm so I got to wear
something that will keep it down you
know cuz boys you know what I'm talking
about in that small shorts if you pop up
like if you pop on you you're screwed
like especially in public or in front of
you're screwed
boys you already know how it is in
basketball shorts you know you'd be
pulling one of these like you know uh
yeah I mean yeah look at the sky really
quick oh yeah now I'm writing yeah don't
tell me you guys thought otherwise don't
tell me you guys thought otherwise
I'm is joke I'm not gonna wear this I
just want to show for the video because
I'm a fake youtuber like I just do
things for videos obviously like lie so
cuz obviously I'm a fake youtuber I'd do
anything for views and so I just want to
show the blue shirt obvious even all my
videos and vlogs are all scripted and
fake rice on I just wear this blue shirt
just for the vlog guys so um so I get to
Jackie's house and she's on fucking
period no first I get a ton of tweets to
my phone saying hurry up to your
girlfriend's house hurry up she's
waiting and I'm just like what the hell
how does everyone know she went on
periscope and told them I was lagging
what did you tell them on the periscope
I literally said
Brandon oh because I kept asking where
you were no but what did you say about
your head that it fucking hurts okay
okay okay open that why did you bring
some pills yeah I brought you
oh now she loves me because she's a drug
addict
oh yeah I didn't even know I didn't even
want the periscope and I just knew she
had a headache it's like when you love
someone you just have like you just have
like connection from brain to brain so
yeah I liked for one time to pick her up
but when she comes smile she lives every
single time guys just pulled up I hop
wait you know how I said I'm super fake
and I do everything fake for my vlogs
just four views here I park too bad and
you guys can see the sign so I'm gonna
park closer just so you can see that I
hope some because I do everything for
views okay oh my god it works so bad
okay now this has been a vlog footage I
hope I was showing them my backyard and
so of course I want time I go there's
two birds on my palm tree that scare the
shit out of me I literally like jumped
like up and yelled oh my god and then a
fucking lizard came out on the floor but
obviously I'm gonna choose the pineapple
okay I want to try to strawberry
stuff from get it I'm not thanks no guys
my Twitter's blowing up right now cuz I
just hit 700 K it's crazy there's like
literally but um anyways uh I don't I
was telling Jackie I was like we always
go to a restaurant and we get the menu
and we start looking at weight for like
20 minutes
yeah like the server comes and she's
like oh are you guys ready we're like no
not yet we're looking at all the new
things we're like oh that looks good
that looks good we want to try it and
when the server comes we literally just
get the same exact thing that we've been
getting for yeah we get food next time
and what I'm going to say kind of
extracts because last time you literally
gave me this much look what is it it's
just dead it's like like where's the
where's the appeal where's the it
doesn't even shine my dream is just a
little bit chunk missing right you have
a plate like I don't know waiting for my
food wait baby
not even like voice pepper me
and on the hashbrowns please okay okay
okay
I love peppery annual work your teeth
actually not annual I mean once a year
the a routine a rush your teeth after
eating with Jackie how's it inning
Jackie
well I can't budge with my left hand
hey I call him wrong my mom said happy
Anniversary to me and Jackie and then my
and then my mom said you guys should do
it like Ron he does anniversary every
five years yeah ha you said yeah she
said oh you guys celebrate every month
Ron celebrates once every five years I
said mom does he do it every five years
or ten all right oh we have to take this
part out then I only showed you guys
Jackie's debating whether she wants to
go beach or mall cuz cuz our anniversary
pretty much means her anniversary do
this she's the princess and the girl in
the relationship gets what she wants so
uh you're gonna maybe guys see that's
proof she's abusive because why would I
flinch if she's never hit me before she
hits me all the time I try and um take
his nipple so yeah baby want what do
where do you want to go there's no
telling you're the right girl so I can
only say that it feels right
we go see the seals okay guys we're
going to the beach to see the seals cuz
the first time I kissed her was when we
saw the seals could you believe that
turned him on it turn you on
knowing you were turned on we saw seals
having sex and that's what gave me the
Kurt I was like okay I gotta kiss me
tonight I'm like out of anytime like I'm
like don't like me the first time we
kissed is after we saw seals having sex
that was hot yeah I turned us on
apparently so all those freaking noises
they did family I want to God when you
burp yeah oh yes they sound like this
well I was not a bird yeah I tried to be
a gentleman
okay guys so we're going to the beach to
see the seals
okay guys change of plans forget the
whole kissing seals and it seals having
sex whatever we're going to Belmont Park
because Belmont Park is it's funnier
than the beach it's on the beach but
it's like in the music it's like a pier
like a little fear or like it's like it
has rides and games and everything else
one time I write on the on the Facebook
but but we're going to hear um what is
the Facebook on Facebook
yeah the old culture is super older
breakdown away this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
I'm saying that it feels right
two idiots wear white shoes white new
shoes to the beach why
guys thank God it's closed Jackie was
about to make me go on I said hell no
stop looking at that rod she's like
let's go let's go guys I hate scary
rides I swear I hate them I hate big
rides I hate that shit I'll go on this
one this one's for me it's made for me
Speedway Bosley garage garage garage
wait this is real life there's no
telling you're the right girl so I can
only say that it feels right I see I
have a beautiful beautiful view and then
the ocean I'm literally doing a photo
shoot of Jackie right here away this is
real life there's no telling you're the
right girl so I can only say that she
keeps telling me to get in the picture
and I'm just like no babe I just want to
take it of you watch guys I'm gonna do a
candid picture did you take it
guys I think everyone fakes their candid
pictures like when they're laughing with
the hey why'd you delete it why'd you
delete it that was a nice one I'm
serious
you know when they yeah guys I think all
pictures when the girls are like
laughing with their friends saying
candid candid it's just fake they just
pose your fan yeah
where are you looking what are you
getting what'd you get me ice cream get
a waffle cone
look at your nose oh my god
careful gamble gamble for the other
everyone is tools oh my god what the
target zone look at Sonia lo look
security guard what's a secret since I
was 11
okay babe doing okay go wait guys I
never know girls farted so I started
dating Jackie
guys you know one time Jackie to divide
and follow me he tooted his sleeves no I
didn't know she said one time when but
one time when I fell asleep she heard me
toot and now she calls me the tooth
fairy
which first of all is not true because I
didn't happen when I sleep when I slept
later Bosley weight would play loudly
hey no what am i after the night
okay why are you laughing here's those
investigated I like this
Danno do it security duties looking
behind the door security duties
assertions certain garage but one time
he actually wanted to okay babe I can't
do this sleep with are you with let's go
or do you like this once a day I say
like when you wear the dress Ashley
we're back up fuck
we're back at fuck my mom actually calls
it fuck fuck it out fuck it's what she
calls that there's a record we haven't
been here like four days Wow just
touchdown and CBS we're getting the plan
candy come here
what candy do you want babe stop she's
so annoying
wait hey where are my earrings babe just
pick candy pick candy okay we're never
coming about a few days probably prank
okay guys you know what stop they're
gonna kick you out you know when you're
a kid and you go with your mom to a
store she's okay we're never coming back
here ever again we're never coming to
CBS ever again as what candy should I
get why don't you ask me important
questions like that
crossover hmm hey cross me over cross me
over no idea what that means crossing me
over is when you shoot a free throw
I'm just joking it's big listen you
don't put the balls on me okay between
between the legs no you don't put the
balls between my legs you're not gonna
move your whole leg up throw me an
alley-oop
oh excuse me
how you
my birthday reminder that for me hey
babe you're sexy I have to make sure
first before Eddie put it thank you my
song front camera on snapchat someone
commented saying did you really just
fucking try to zoom in on front camera I
said uh yeah so guys check this out look
at the time on the VT 103 am 103 in the
morning what do normal people do at the
time they go to sleep for me man I'm I'm
dead tired right now but I just dropped
Jacky off home came back took a shower
and instead of going to sleep i'ma start
editing this vlog so imma be up for a
few more hours a grind
bye anyways yeah imma be up for a few
more hours and we didn't get a hotel
today so me and Jackie got that hotel
tomorrow so I can't wait for that I
should be fun I must spend the whole day
you know just chill relax in the hotel
maybe go swimming actually I don't even
fucking swim I don't know why I said I
just want to be like a cliche you know
stay at the hotel continental breakfast
go swimming so actually while you guys
are watching this video me and Jackie
are gonna be in the hotel room so but no
in all seriousness thank you so much for
watching this vlog tomorrow should be
fun we're just gonna kind of have a
chill day just us two in the hotel and
uh I just want to give a quick little
quick little shout out to all my all you
Muslims watching this uh fasting Ramadan
you know Ali shout out bro out it's oli
my best friend since kindergarten
growing up my whole childhood growing up
within my whole entire life I know how
hard it is to fast I know what a tough
task it is to fast for all of you guys
that are fasting I have so much respect
for you guys because like I said growing
up with oli and I've just had a lot of
friends who are Muslim my whole life
growing up I have a lot of friends that
are Muslim and fasting is not easy that
fasting is not an easy thing to do and I
know a lot of people who do it so much
respect to you guys I
had some friends who would play
basketball without fasting that's that's
no eating any food and no drinking any
water and they would play hours of
basketball so much respect to you guys
it's it's crazy what you guys do but um
and I don't know how you guys do it but
I have a lot of respect for you guys so
shout-out to you guys and good luck
during this month so yeah - all you
Muslims watching respect respect respect
to everybody else watching Muslim or not
thank you so much for watching this
video and I really hope you guys enjoyed
and per watch squad I love you guys
I ll all well I guess I can start
editing after I read some Phoenix Suns
articles you already know
