I got this green literally has 20 points
he misses one shot he misses one shot my
dad catarrhalis green
okay guys I'm about to start story time
I just have to get the oil off my face
really quick god I'm boiling
motherfucker hold up you know what I'll
leave some oil I'm medium well oily I
got a story to tell you guys so check
this story out okay before cuz some
people don't like to watch my stew I
look short starting to look like rug
there but a lot of people skip my story
videos you know oh we don't like to stay
here and watch you talk but give you a
little summary before you exit this page
or go watch a different youtuber this
story is includes cops gun Bosley just
listen just listen suicide just listen
so what's today Sunday right June 5th -
Jackie six-month anniversary you know
everything's going well I want to edit
my vlog you know I wake up and I'm
looking for my camera and I remember my
camera I had left it in my car so I just
want to edit my blog I wake up want to
edit my blog so I didn't get to finish
editing last night I needed the memory
card so I go down open the garage okay
walk I remember it I was like oh shit my
memory card is in my laptop dive into my
car but the second I had stepped out of
my fucking car I mean the second I
stepped out of my fucking garage all I
hear on a huge a speaker it kind of wish
spring but it was into the speaker so
came out loud there he is there he is
and then I heard come here come here
fucking look to my left literally four
cop cars the big ones the SUV's and like
two small ones and one undercover ones
blocking off the whole entire fucking
I'll show you so they had been all the
way at the end right there like right
when you enter our street
four of them lined up one after one
after one four cop cars to block it off
and a bunch of officers behind them I
literally just got like this I'm just
walking just like okay like time to
check my camera out here is all of them
over there and I'm just like oh my god
blocking Da'Ville part off the street
was closed they said come here and I'm
just like what the fuck is going on so
like they were far away from me and it's
it was at least six or seven cops one of
them was standing with I want to say a
fucking sniper but I don't know what the
fuck it was behind the cop car like this
like two of them had their fucking like
batons out and there were like three
other ones just standing there and and
the fucking guy with the gun is pointing
it at me and I'm just like okay wait
they told me to come here and they're
far away and I'm just like okay maybe I
should run or jog fast so I start like
kind of moving faster slow down slow
down and I'm just like oh shit okay so I
slowed down and I start walking and they
told me to stop halfway and I stopped in
my head I'm just like first of all what
fuck are my neighbors thinking right now
like I didn't do shit I started to think
I was like wait what have I done this
past like fucking day or yesterday I
didn't do shit like I didn't do anything
then kill someone I might look like
Aaron Hernandez but I don't murder
anybody
so they tell me to slow down and the gun
is still pointing at me and I'm just
like who are you gonna fuck what did I
do
but you know me I'm just chillin like I
still wasn't scared surprisingly and so
they tell me to walk slowly with my
hands up and they check me they said you
have any weapons Baba I said no the only
weapon I have is under mush I'm just
joking I didn't say that I said no and
they said are you Brian I said no I'm
not Brian and they said where's he and
I'm just like what the fuck is I said
was like what the fuck is going on and
like they're like hold like they're not
letting me leave they're like stand
right here and they told me to walk them
to the house and while we're walking to
the house we're walking all slow and I'm
just like brother like let's speed it up
I gotta go go ahead in my video but now
so I were walking to the house and I'm
like can I ask what's going on they went
in time I was going on they're like
first thing they said they said did your
mom kill herself and I said my mom did
are downstairs making breakfast and
they're like what I said mom I said
before you guys say anything me and my
brother youtubers my brother is much
more big-time than me he has two and a
half million subscribers and like you
know like people are crazy he has a lot
of haters and he has a lot of crazy
crazy fans so this might be one of those
situations so can I please just ask
what's going on and they pretty much
told me to shut up and just keep walking
and I'm just like they said things that
so I'm going to ask you one more time
your mom is inside the house I said yes
my mom and dad are cooking breakfast
literally right when you walk in and
like literally like eight cops one of
them with a gun tour thing as I move
like batons SH in their hands but they
said where's so you're not Brian where's
Brian where's his room I said uh Brian's
asleep and they said where's his room
I said uh upstairs it's the first room
when you get up they said when was the
last time you spoke to him
did he seem did he seem like whatever
and I was like uh I ate in and out with
him last night and he was okay with me
about to walk into my house and dog you
have any weapons in the house you have
any pets and I'm just like I have a fat
pug he's not really gonna bite but he's
like inside the house Yatta Yatta Yatta
they fucking walk and they didn't even
let me go in the house they said you
stand by the car and
officer next to me and I kind of
explained to the cop the whole situation
and he's just like oh phase phase my
kids follow him and I'm just like yes
I'm telling you and he they're like so
so we got a call that he would like I
think the call was the guy finally told
me I explained to him the whole
situation that my mom had killed herself
which no and that my brother was
threatening to commit some some crime in
the house with a gun and so that someone
called I don't know what and all the
cops showed up and I'm just like can I
just say that she gave me a fucking
heart attack because when I started
running and they told me to slow down
and the cop had the gun in his fucking
hand I'm telling you I already saw the
headlines
I already saw the headlines 20 year-old
boy about cell-based 21st birthday shot
and killed in an accidental fucking
prank call or whatever or 20 year-old
Middle Eastern male youtuber shot and
killed in goes wrong or some shit I just
saw the headlines in the news I told the
Australian you guys look I thought you
were gonna shoot me just for running I
had no idea what's going on so like and
then oh and check this out
what do I wear every single day fucking
basketball shorts and and this damn blue
shirt right the reason they said there
he is come here come here is because the
fucking phone call they got said that
Brian was wearing blue and black blue
and black of course not shoot me how did
they not shoot me I guess black lives
matter because what I'm just doing but
no like I fucking I was fucking like I'm
just was just so confused and so I
talked about it we're just like yeah so
now the officers are now we have like
now a code with the officers that
Monnett like like before they come back
to the house they're gonna have to speak
with a personal phone number with my mom
and dad so they're not gonna be coming
back here thank God it was like at first
trying to explain the situation to them
they were like yeah right you're a
fucking lawyer but after that I'm just
like no I swear so like that was my
morning okay
I'm telling you like I I'm like I still
see the headlines I'm it was a fucking
it wasn't just the regular handguns
the cops standing behind the fucking
door
and like I already saw once I started
running I don't know why I was such an
idiot I started running to them instead
of just walking but I didn't know what
to do like I already saw he accidentally
he shoots me because he thought I was
fucking like I'm gonna commit a crime
they thought I was a Brian and like I
already see the headlines I can see the
fucking people on like ABC News so 20
year old male was killed in an excellent
shootout my cop wet thought was a prank
call blow up all this shit I'm not gonna
even be alive right now still making a
video but anyways and yeah and then when
I tried playing the situation to them
they pretty much tell me to shut the
fuck up and also did your mom do this
who's inside the house like all the
stuff but now in all honesty those cops
were really really nice once they found
out the situation you can't blame them
for being the way they were without
knowing exactly what's going on because
in their heads a suicide had just
happened in my house with someone else
at it like all the shape so you can't
blame them for acting out the way they
acted I'm just glad I'm still fucking
alive and this was not the way I want to
start my morning damn your heart attack
but anyways I just wanted to share that
story with you because correct me if I'm
wrong but I don't think that's something
that happens in everyday life
copper's but anyways guys I hope you
enjoyed this video
700,000 subscribers thank you thank you
thank you thank you so much I would give
a whole speech on how much every single
sub means to me and all that but I'm
telling you from the bottom of my heart
in all honesty words cannot describe
this feeling and words cannot describe
how thankful I am so I would just be
saying that for nothing because I want
to show you guys with my videos I want I
want to show you guys with all the hard
work that I put in and I want to show
you guys with actions how much I care
words are nice and all but I want to
just prove to you guys how much I care
thank you so much I love each and every
one of you guys for wat squad much love
and thank you for watching this video
actually thank God for me still being
alive but yeah crazy situation faze rock
fans faze drug haters faze drug whatever
you want to call yourself Rugrats
some of you guys are crazy who's winning
and by how much I mean the end the end
of the game not now Warriors by 10 dad
what would you do if you walk out to get
your camera from your car and you see
literally eight cops one with a gun
pointed at you the other ones hiding
behind the car - yelling - you saying -
come here slow down there is all that
what would you do okay am i lucky to be
alive
mom yeah no that's what I started to
think I started thing I said wait what
have I done and time to change and go to
the fair with by myself because nobody
wants to go to the fair with me so uh
I'm going to the fair by myself I swear
I go to the fair I don't even ride any
of the rides I just spend all my damn
money on the rigged
fake fixed basketball hoops they
literally take a circular basketball
hoop like this and they go and they bend
it into a fucking oval it
literally impossible - I hate the Basso
hoots at the fair but I literally go and
spend all my money on it I won the tiger
yesterday Bosley's new best friend and
I'm gonna go back and win a prize today
so catch me there at the fair by myself
f21 again not even the rig stakes
basketball hoops at the fair could stop
me
we already had a kid but he came out
wrong they cheat on you guys so did you
see the frog that I won there's actually
a funny story around that so I took out
$40 40 damn dollars to play the
basketball shit out the fair okay
$10 gone
missed all my shots you get four shots
for $10 another 10 gone so that's eight
shots I miss all eight I walked away
then I went back I said you know what
ten more so that was 30 total dollars
gone I miss another four shots that's
twelve and I fucking said you know what
here's my last $10 give me that shit
another four shots almost I looked him
in the eye I said bitch I just spent $40
16 shots
sixteen shots and I made zero and all of
them literally
dribbled in and popped out I said if I
was at my gym
you realize automate all those he's
literally start laughing he gave me one
more free shot I missed that one too you
know workers at the fair they guilt-trip
you oh just try one more time like all
this you know what do I do
he said if you come back I'll give you a
deal so I said okay fine
so instead of a four shots for ten
dollars he said he was gonna be five so
I went back and I I went to the ATM
while I'm at the ATM here's what I was I
was I was so fucking pissed on my way to
the ATM
I just lost $40 by saving about that I
was missing all my shots in front of
everybody and just in my head I was so
mad I'm literally tweeting my fucking
Twitter fingers on the way to the ATM
I'm literally contemplating retirement
I'm like you know what I'm never playing
basketball the the hoops started to get
in my head I knew these hoops were fixed
and Riggs and I knew Steph Curry himself
couldn't even make a shot here but it
started to get to my head you know I
started to think I was like do I
actually suck at the sport of basketball
like
I might never play basketball again I
might never watch basketball again like
I suck and then I started getting to
myself I was like no I'm good these
hoops are just fixed but you know they
started getting to me like they started
making me go crazy so I took the fucking
$20.00 out on my way to the ATM I'm
tweeting all this about retiring from
basketball and I hate the fair and all
this go back give him $20 my first shot
I made it and I won this fucking frog so
there's the background story for that
guys before I end this video because I
know some people might comment like dude
stop being a dig those cartridges doing
their jobs or like why are you making
fun of cops or whatever like I don't
know maybe because I didn't really watch
my whole story but maybe it came out the
wrong way I'm not sure a lot of people
take things to heart I just wanted to
say that every single thing the cops did
pretty much tell me to shut up yelling
at me pointing the gun at me blocking
the street I understand and I respect
because like I said in the situation
that they had thought in their head they
didn't know the truth I expect them to
do that and I expected them to do more
so I was not meaning this story in any
way in any whatever any bad way towards
culture anything and like I said once
once they found out the whole situation
we they were all cool we offered them
drinks they stayed we talked a little
like I said they found out their kids
watch me and Brian so that's what I just
want to clear that up
anyways Jackie finally got a day off she
finally got a day off from the fair cuz
the fair is closed on Mondays and
yesterday was our six-month anniversary
so we're gonna celebrate today not sure
we're gonna do I think we're gonna go
eat go get a hotel I'm not sure but
we're gonna go hang out celebrate our
six months so I gotta go hope you
enjoyed this video bruh watch squad much
love
