I got this so start the day off
chief eek I save every day for Bryant
whites yeah I did my first time
shameless acts of them actually run it
up the first time shaving his beard he
look like they're gonna cut myself he
was starting to look like James Harden
so we had to deal with that okay but are
you gonna do it on me to do it for me
yeah um well only pea promised me not
did it cut me I'll try okay no I got em
I didn't you right yeah but I go up yeah
every day I shaved obviously everything
except the goatee hi mom
Brian had to get rid of his beard but it
was - and mustache the mustache was fun
but the beard was just coming in to too
much for me then my daily shaving shave
everything except the go team I bet you
everyone wants me to axon I shave my
goatee a vapor break can you do that for
a prank
yeah shave your balls literally okay
shave your balls not your ball time I'll
shave your balls out of your balls Brian
said is it gone look it's literally all
there is all right under your sadness
you only shave like right here the cheek
here give me their way through the razor
what you want it down or up see you do
whatever you desire I've never shaved up
so be careful see this is cleaner but
it's gonna grow back like thicker and
quicker with my Buddha hey be careful
but again vlog and shave yeah I could
look and then do the other side the same
like you know it's so hard the lyceum we
can you know add you know bit more
nothing and you almost finished this
side good mm-hmm
and you have to go behind that you're
doing a really strange okay but now this
is gonna start going back more so you're
gonna have to like I brought a girl on
now
just hold it I just want to say
something all our shaving I love when I
get asked in Tabor because when I shave
gives me so much more leeway to mess up
right near like look I can go the
sidecut already skinned anyway so do
that a guy go fast I know cuz I've been
doing this for years you know I'm a vet
shaver but listen the scariest part is
shaving right around here cuz you're
going to yeah my go-to you that's why
it's never even that's how it's always a
little more here or a little more this
time so and get my nose is too big hey
now yeah you look like drink bill Oh
bullshit from last night what on my neck
someone just told me to open the door
because she's here with a surprise for
me hmmm I wonder who it is and I wonder
what the surprise attacks
I could spot those dirty white vans from
a mile away
next time you make me wait longer than
ten minutes ten minute drive you text me
one ago no babe wait you're matching so
much oh my gosh you brought my
switchback yeah I called you a thief you
are it's not a sealer it's a thief you
are a thief you took them like a month
ago and you finally brought them back
wait babe hold on guys look how big you
are a fashionista look at this
hey I do know that means I don't know it
but I know it means you bacon I didn't
which one has bacon thanks babe let me
see what the watch in the nails look
guys pink and gray jacket pink and grey
watch wait when'd you get that one
I wonder well done and then your nails
and your hat if you're so mad she today
you look so good I would find out later
dirty white vans no cause my girlfriend
surprised me with a babe is this a
chicken wrap or turkey wrap okay a
chicken wrap with fries ranch barbecue
sauce thanks babe thank you babe
appreciate it
hey white shirt alert come here guys mom
Jackie finally brought my sweats back No
oh it took for me to accuse her of
stealing and climb her thief thought he
was wearing guys just cuz she had to
bring back my sweats she went in my room
and took all of her clothes back just
cuz I asked stuff just cuz I asked from
one of my sweats back ok go leave
but babe just cuz you brought back one
of my sweats she took all of her clothes
and she called me a thief as if she fell
asleep in my room and I ripped the
clothes off her fucking back you left
them here I'm supposed to keep the
clothes so that when I have to break up
it has to be a dramatic breakup like I
say okay here I'm bringing your clothes
back to you babe give me a fucking kiss
so a lot of comments on my videos when I
kiss Jackie bro you kiss like a fucking
little kid have you ever even had a
girlfriend you kiss like a fucking camel
you're like sucking your lips off dude
you don't even know how to kiss sym Baba
so on its next part for you guys
how long do credit but peace out babe
my girlfriend just went to her shift out
the fair
can't see her she spit on out of here
like a sperm shooting out of my never
mind
Bosley I'm gonna put you in the garage I
know I'm sorry but I'm gonna put you in
the garage garage when the fame won't
let you sleep Bosley there's people here
to see you
yeah you got more fans come on you want
to go see them I know let's go they're
waiting for you at the door yeah I'm
sorry I know I know bud Lee all right
let's go see the fans you have fans
outside let's go good boy let's go yeah
you have people waiting outside go out
Leslie hey stop trying to hide go
they're over there
when Bosley has more fans than you
Bosley is famous like it Bosley go
Bosley is a player after seeing all
these bandwagon fans at the fair
yesterday I had to represent the sons I
saw zero son jerseys yesterday I came
back just to represent the son oddly
garage in the garage right now garage
you don't mess with the Hooper I just
want this after spending like $50 where
are we going I am I'm going to end and
out wait these are your sandals all what
does it call the gear bags Sun Sun Darla
no not now I know if you can sit down it
where am I not oh my no right now am I
not okay what did you want I'm good it's
fucking 1:00 in the morning it's bad
enough I don't sleep it's another thing
I go to fucking in and out at this time
I think they close at 1:30 so me going
this late imagine how much they're gonna
spit in my food and Brian has the nerve
to order something off the secret menu
they're gonna be like oh off the secret
menu right before I closed anyway guys
after fucking 16 shots at the fair 16
shots $40 worth of basket oh not 16
shots of Henny you're fucking Grey Goose
I'm talking about 16 shots of basketball
at the fair I finally fucking made one
and I won this huge ass tiger that I'm
gonna give to Jackie
but before fuck you're doing awake
before I give it to Jackie I wanted
ballsy to spend one night with it cause
they actually got along with it Bosley
who's that
literally all the shots out of the 16
shots that I fucking took all of them
should have went in I told him I said
bitch all these shots if I was that
elephant is playing or at my house they
would I went in I'm like a 50-percent
career shooter you tell me 16 shots and
I came in or I only made one and he just
started laughing and I said fuck these
rims are bent but yeah I finally won one
I got the tiger for a Jackie about
letting balsa spend the night with it
tonight it's actually so scary it scared
me and Brian when it was in my room
watch I'll show you guys when I go back
was so scary and I even knew was then I
still got scared imagine Brian he didn't
even know it was there
holy crap it's literally 1:00 a.m. in
and outs about to close and look how
packed it is inside and returning my god
inside and the drive to yo I've been
here for 15 minutes stuck in the middle
of the line look at all the cars behind
me it's literally one it's like 1:30
a.m. in and out all like in and out
there's never time I've came in and out
it's been fast or no line is crazy
finally control okay guys so quick
little quick little announcement today
June 5th mine and Jackie's six-month
anniversary
today marks half a year with that
beautiful lady um but like I said before
we were dating way before I asked her
out I was just too much of a pussy to
fucking say those words Brian how long
did that take
yes wait how scary is the tiger in my
room literally scared of Sharon yet
scared the shit out of me and I knew was
there but um yeah today marks six months
with Jackie so uh happy Anniversary to
me and myself on the back I'm not sure
what we're gonna do she's gonna be at
work actually wait look at the lion or
the
one of the focus oh wait let me turn on
my first oh my god she's likely so scary
but yeah guys before people are like oh
wow you and Jack I've only been dating
for six months that's crazy
no we were like I said we started maybe
ever since September October but the
official day like you know the fucking
Oh what you guys anniversary
it's December 5th so June 5th six months
so - Jackie oh by the way December 5th
2015 six months ago
Loki actually not Loki Heike one of the
best decisions I made in my whole entire
life
one bite and you already fucking still
what did you say you think I did
something to the food cause when I
opened it I girls are like this they
probably did something not me my note
for you know I owe the guy said hey man
I really like the interior of your car
so he probably fucking did something and
it was like a real tiny taste guys like
how much let us pray to the Lord
no really look how much lettuce Jesus
it's like they cut noises Jesus
it's literally like they cut down a damn
tree and put it in here oh she fucking
vlog tomatoes yeah I know I've vlog with
everything whether the every second just
pulls out his shoulder I see what goes
on with you talking to me well we can't
he just has the camera right that's why
my vlogs are literally like fucking 20
minute but I got vlog so what would you
rate them out of 10 oh just like the
whole days making out you nine-nine
you'll take 90 dope you're an okay time
next time why were you so mad because my
brother always makes me wait for him
whenever I finish my food I want to go
upstairs and he always makes makes me
wait for him to finish his us a way
where you going go to a bit I'm fucking
a Leo hey stop I'm almost on duty
bye-bye and do you know the song wait
did it did it hit the whistling ring
time I think I live for you I think I
who you imagine a heart attack but I've
actually looks like the ugly version of
Drake bill knows because today I didn't
do my hair I just showered and I tried
slinky wait what does drink boasting um
cuz it makes me happy
Denny sings in everything's chugs going
down okay what's the theme song again oh
oh you show that you know me my brother
was really drinking josh has kids like
wait we're so like isn't this diggable
everything this up taking Josh theme
song um it's over you showed you know
that I fucked your bitch or something
fuck you bitch I think that was like I
think my fave said was on the Rottweiler
one when he got stuck in the bathroom
Jake and Joel my favorite was don't be
dead bull with a banana
yo they love the house actually fuck or
the one when Megan trap some in the
truck boy we have one duck when Josh
fuck Megan I think I was on the Drake
and Josh
rated anger seen that episode you have
to pay for that one really mm-hmm
all right look now hold on how much
wanna bet just cuz we laughed oh they're
so high at that time we can't laugh
humans can't laugh I swear every time
known were eating food no it's a crime
every time I laugh in my vlog obrah wad
is is so baked why can't I laugh is it a
sin to laugh alright
wait check what we have in the fridge
while fooling we just fucking ate
another number we have the munchies so
yeah we love animals
I wanted a tubeless how old are you like
okay oh shit
Brian it's saved ah contains new whose
smoothies mango ginger and Garrett me
guys you know I have a special talent
talking when I burp ugh hold on fuck
loudly let me get a good one all right
no I can't remember your breath and
right I can actually do good ones but
just make up in this movie smoothie
Bodley crutch put your fucking falling
down right I like to vlog put your phone
then I'm not a gamer like y'all don't
play call of duty
oh wait I'm so Kenny are you ready for a
basketball trick shots video I know what
it's dad not my dad
I'm the joking guys one time I was
shooting basketball here in my dad was
asleep my dad has never yelled at me
until he came and it Shh like that while
I'm trying to sleep
oh well I don't learn my lesson just one
shot the loudest I just wanna say one
thing buzzing garage garage Bosley oil
holders he might actually pass away
father chiming on the garage
hey Tina but you see well c'mon guys
enough like his lips look continuously I
know
cuz I hate when he does that with his
time when Jackie's over he's literally
trying to hint her and he doesn't know
how good I do it Bobby I do it better
stop it's time to go in the garage let's
go leave yeah it's time to go in the
garage it's gone the garage yep garage
come on
that's what my garage wait what is he
what yeah okay the hot day Raj I said
the garage in the garage so he's too
tired okay about the fine
she'd give me a kitchen officer go in
the garage if you give me a kitchen
awesome okay he's had an overview shit
bothers gonna be a kids you talk to him
watch publish you give me a kitchen up
from was it cookie there there he
proposed I have what is Brad I know
that's like yours it's a shut the fuck
up okay it's not a joke
coolest thing actually happened today I
tweeted um I went to the fair today and
I was wearing my obviously my Eric
Bledsoe Jersey and my Phoenix Suns
hoodie cuz yesterday I saw so many
fuckin Warriors jerseys I just had
enough I was like you know what I'm
going back and I'm representing my sons
if all these bandwagons can represent
the Warriors then I can real fan
represent my Phoenix Suns so I went and
I took a picture
um and I tweeted it I tweeted it to
Bledsoe on the Suns and I was like
representing my boy no I said
representing my boy Bledsoe and
representing the sun's here at the San
Diego fair Eric Bledsoe quoted it and he
said my boy like in quotes he said my oh
no send my dog so he pretty much called
me Bosley and he said he said my dog and
then the suns retweeted that tweet Bryan
can you please show it guys look so
Bledsoe quoted my two and replied to me
and then the sons favorited that and
retweeted it so okay so here's what I
tweeted oh my god I look so fuckin ugly
and dumb the police
of course it gets it how to represent my
boy I bled and the Sun sets and it will
fear then look ok then Bledsoe retweeted
it saying on my blog ok and then go to
the sons Twitter and look the sun's
retweeted is it's crazy that's great it
was actually insane I was at the fair
flipping out oh yeah guys so like while
I was flipping out a fan came up to me
at the fair and he met me and he started
freaking out and I was like dude let's
freak out together because you're
freaking out because you met me which I
don't know why cuz I don't do shit with
my life and I'm freaking out because
Bledsoe and the sons and let's just
fucking freak out together and he's like
what and I'm just like let's just
fucking freak out look at that zoom in
ok whatever it's not zooming in but look
at that the blood so like I'm blood
cells Dawg like I'm blood cells da WG
Dawg like air blue guys oh my
I literally freaked out in front of
everyone I didn't even care I was just
like bro ah but but on Twitter you don't
have to act cool cuz you know that's my
boy blood so so I had to like play it
off
I didn't even reply to him when he said
my dog I just simply favored it
retweeted it that's it I didn't say shit
about it you know I had to control my
freakout but y'all know the truth you
guys know the truth I fucking freaked
out but on Twitter I had to play it cool
you know that's my boy that's my dog
Bledsoe you know so it's like 2:30 a.m.
right now and I just finished watching
episode of catfish on MTV the TV show
catfish brother shit's fucking weird
like that shit's scary like I'm sorry to
think Jackie's catfishing me like who
does that like I'm honestly started
thinking my head that I'm being
catfished by Jackie now I have to call
the crew right now
guys 3:00 a.m. now and I'm watching you
Texas Chainsaw Massacre
right before I fall asleep after I'm
going to have a dream of Bosley fucking
chasing me with a chainsaw of him
putting me in the garage hem tiny
Brandon in the garage chasing the
fucking chainsaw
I got you scared of Texas Chainsaw so
now I'm watching in was Philly Bobby
