I got this hey guys so I think balls is
praying right now so we'll leave him
alone alright guys so we're starting
this morning off right with some
chick-fil-a breakfast Jackie's on her
way over I told her you know i'ma go get
some chick-fil-a breakfast for the both
of us if you get here before me just way
from you know I'll be back but today's a
big day let me tell you why so Jackie
for her second year she's doing this
potion my name is juice I'm recording
she's doing this internship at the
County Fair where it likes cetera
beautifully for the future for what
she's trying to do and it helps her out
like on top of the degree she's trying
to get from college this internship is
gonna help her out for the future so for
the past two years she's been working at
the fair and today is the first day of
her new job or internship paid
internship so it's a big day for her she
says that there's a bunch of new things
that she had to learn and she's doing
like more work it's uh she got I don't
want to say promoted but she got
assigned more tasks and a higher test oh
it's a big day for her you know first
day of the fair it's gonna be open for
the next month and a half she's gonna be
working every single day for the next
month and a half so big day for her you
know good luck to my baby she's got to
go to hug San Diego heatwaves I don't
know if you guys heard but we're getting
these like heat waves where we live in
San Diego and it's like 90-something
degrees and it's only noon if you're
asking why there's a big day for myself
well hold on let me play a song to get
me hyped up really quick and then I'll
tell you why it's a big day for myself
on
play
yep
Jellico fucking okay now let me tell you
why - big day for me so last night you
know like those late night tights with
your girlfriend like not the dirty ones
those come out like 4:00 in the morning
go those come out like 4:00 in the
morning I'm talking about the ones like
at 1:00 in the morning then you know the
ones where you start getting into the
dirty talk but they're so cute so you
know King like oh baby I know you're
excited for your first day at work
tomorrow like I know your little nervous
you'll be fine I love you like I know
you'll be fine I look like all that but
before that came you know the crazy bro
Waterside oh so babe this was me in my
bed while I was tensing how many boy
co-workers do you have at the fair and
she goes uh hold on let me check my
schedule you know find out there's like
three or four boys so first day at the
job for what his boyfriend duties take
over and we're about to go meet those
boys hopefully they're there because she
doesn't know I'm going I'm just
surprised her her first day at work
later on tonight I'm a surprise her
there and hopefully those bars are going
to be there because I want to introduce
myself just you know nothing special
just hey I'm Brandon did I just say hey
I'm Brandon no no you don't even know
got to help you know I'm not really
crazy like I just do this for the vlogs
I'm not really a crazy boyfriend like I
just portray it for the vlog because
it's funny did I just say I'm not a
crazy boyfriend I'm sorry I can't even
keep that in I'm a fucking psycho
boyfriend yeah so later on tonight
hopefully those three or four boys
whoever they may be
god no to we're about to go hey how's
your day you see that ass mine see that
mouth mine you see that body you see
that personel do you see that brain you
see that beautiful girl that's mine oh
you're asking yourself what that mouth
do ask me because I know what that mouth
do I know what I do uh-huh yeah so your
job is to look at the papers and help
people out not to look at my girlfriend
let's just make that clear right uh-huh
Ultra wondering I'm her boyfriend
uh-huh almost nine months now Overeem
actually will exaggerate all nine years
now I'm a boyfriend for nine years oh
you look a little young don't worry
about it we were dating since I was 11
don't worry about it just do your job
I'll be here from time to time and
yeah and then I'll catch one of them
laughing did he just but yeah I did just
do that
uh-huh I did yeah I did don't laugh with
your friends when I leave I did just do
that uh-huh like I said you see that as
I'm in that that's mine you see those
eyes I see out those eyes those are my
eyes guys but I'm not even I'm not even
like crazy I'm just like a normal
boyfriend like uh no but yeah so tonight
we're going to the fair Jackie doesn't
know I'm going I'm a surprise here
hopefully those boys are working so I
could just it just introduced myself
nicely just hello yeah but right now
we're about to go pick up some
chick-fil-a breakfast so let's go oh are
you kidding me look at this no I'm gonna
get down
I'm not waiting in this double line
folks that way guys so I'm about to get
down the chick-fil-a but I didn't finish
my rant
hold on you see those hands I hold those
those ears I whisper into those ears
those ear lobes I like those ear lobes
that neg I kissed that neck so don't
look at it you know that hair I go like
this I flow my fingers through that here
so I hear that you're watching flowing
in the wind don't look at it just do
your job
I'm Brandon by the way nice to meet you
have a good day I'm gonna go ride some
rides out the fair eat some good food
and you guys enjoy your day don't treat
me like a stranger
that's my favorite line kill don't treat
me like a stranger girl you know I seen
you naked wait don't look I need to go
wear socks hold on don't look at my toes
wait a bit before I set up your plate of
food I told them how I got super excited
for you for your first date told them
how last night I was texting I was like
oh you'll be fine
I hope you have a great day at work and
like that's such a lie you know what
you're saying you said how many boy
co-workers do you love no I said I said
I scare tweeted urban Coffee cute until
this bug on Twitter welcome to mom p.m.
thought wasn't telling me that I'm cute
I said you're super cute yeah yeah I did
liar okay fine I'll make up for I'll set
you up a plate of chick-fil-a they
serious question are you actually
excited to work there yeah it's so much
fun guys so I heard that the work outfit
is jeans and a hoodie is it so it
actually shows like your wrist hmm okay
so they're working form actually shows
wrist
oh okay baby I'm setting up this plate
versus chicken sandwich guys I always
when me and Jackie I always open all the
food first and I pick out the good one
and then I put her the rest in a plate
okay and then she wants honey mustard
Lina's Tigers video about cash money is
literally to mermaids
when she said what the fuck is this I
thought she fucking caught me with
something I said what video look babe
you're a rattlesnake look you myself my
whole hair no yeah you did you told me
not to mess it up and I don't do things
you don't want me to do I didn't mess it
up really like Brian Pilate Brian
finally made a Call of Duty video the
world's ending yes let's go
that's like me signing up okay let's go
take this stuff out the car we're all
helping my mom Bosley you wanna help too
come on look how many bugs like oh my
god mom you deserve death penalty okay I
actually I'll take the heavy stuff I
want to record Bosley's balls yeah
Bosley oh my god my life and the daily
routine garage go up Gus but Bosley is
the caveman spongebob when I say garage
Bosley I so Jackie just left to go to
the fair like I said she doesn't know
I'm going she thinks like I'm it's gonna
be a surprise
but I'm gonna go to the gym right now
just shoot around a little maybe work
out some arms before I come back and
shower and go to the fair I think I'm
gonna pick up Stephanie my little cousin
these heat waves are crazy though it
just hit 90 it just hit 100 degrees here
in San Diego
I'm ready to go you know one bruh wadis
has this fake gold chain on like I said
like 20 bucks from fan Mart great great
deal fake gold chain you know one bro
wallets got that fake gold chain on some
shits about to go down so I'm about to
go see Jackie and so Jackie texted me
like about an hour ago she's like babe
oh you know the ugh - uh I was supposed
to get off at 11:00 and they're keeping
me here until 12:30 like in my head I'm
just like hold on babe like you're about
to get surprised she doesn't know I'm
going so I'm guessing that would make
her day better cuz unless she hates me
I'll know she says she loves me but you
can never trust a Latina so Oh and
Jackie had a headache ever since she was
here earlier and you know at the fair
they got that loud music and all the
rides and all the food and everything so
I'm guessing her head it got worse so
now I'm about a hooker up with some I
don't want to say too loud because
Bosley I don't hear my mother hook her
up with some bars some xanies so uh he
should cure her headache some advils
Danny's here but uh anyways guys Oh sad
sad news sad news she's working alone
tonight so none of those co-workers I
wanted to introduce myself to you know
have like a cup of tea with none of them
are going to be there so sad news I know
guys I know but anyways I'm about to go
pick up funk girl fuck boy sister and go
surprise Jackie we'll see you guys we
will see it's time to go to the fair oh
shit the chains gonna turn green the
fake chains gonna turn green from that
spray the traffic we gotta exit here
look at all the traffic Jackie asked me
she's like hey what are you doing and I
was like oh I'm actually shocked
watching I'm watching at the mall
she said all that sounds fun have fun
and little does she know I'm literally
five minutes away but there's what I was
gonna say there's different parts of the
fear like you know there's like the
Haunted Parr and there's like the street
like the scary rides part and then
there's KITT evil or fun Ville where
it's all the little kids in the little
ride
that's where Jackie's working so I got
to put all those little kids in their
places like all the low kids so I'll be
looking at my fucking girl huh don't
look at me oh god oh I'll tell your
fucking mom Steph why do people say I'm
a crazy boyfriend Damon why like I just
don't get it why would they make that
assumption what people say but did you
so insecure it's a fucking joke I'm not
really gonna go to all the babies and
kick their ass for looking at jackass
people are gonna let me give them a
wedgie from their diaper I saw you
looking at her that's what
yeah guys stephanie is tripping like it
on pills all your trip and no
Stephanie's tripping she said oh we're
gonna go on the ski ride that said
listen to me out okay what go fuck with
Gary ride for like the kid ones okay two
ones how would I go to have fun not to
this one and like how long like three
weeks every time I go on a big drop or a
high ride my ballsack literally it flips
from where it's supposed to be up to my
like through my stomach through my heart
like it literally goes inside and back
down like two minutes later I'm not
yeah it's fuck girl no I love this dog
faded pictures on the wall
guys look at this fucking traffic it's
the first day and show look Mike up guys
we've been in my car for one hour one
hour and we're still look at this we're
like oh my god this is crazy guys I'm
looking for some cash on my car I found
green chapstick I never knew I owned gum
buff game I used oil wipe toothpaste
fucking ice breakers look I've seen cash
reporting live from hook oh I can check
out my haircut from here and my fake
gold chain turning my neck green
reporting live from the Porta Potty
there's not even a light in here and I
didn't want it to nighttime well it's
time to go pee I can't belong that
YouTube fucking copyright rules or
whatever I swear this is a scariest ride
I'm going on all night I swear the
trolley to the Del Mar fair scariest
ride I'm going on all night falsely with
you
oddly escape bodily escape from the
garage
guys you know what I remember from the
fair I remember I want to fish from one
of the games and I set the fish free in
the water right there's like a water a
long ride away it splashes with water
and I set it free and I thought it would
live until it dies he came to my house I
didn't have a tank or anything and I saw
all the water pressure pushing the fish
died in the ride so I killed the fish
over here in the ride look how many
Bosley garage Bosley I'm put you in the
garage that's it I'm put them all in the
garage right now no none chef oh my god
I'm saying that it feels right
we're on the hops right Jackie she's
working at the kitty door whatever oh I
think it's that way sir
giant Florida Gator I bet it's fake or
dead giant Horace that's what I have
what the hell did giant steel guys I
look so yeah right yeah right cuz I look
sober trying to look for Jackie I'm just
like this because I don't know where
she's at I don't want to see me I swear
the workers probably think I'm like
about to do some shakers I'm just like
I'm like walking like this I don't know
I don't know where she's at this place
is so big
I'm saying that it feels rough sweating
I'm just looking for my girlfriend I'm
just looking for my girlfriend
I see guys I think kids in this
generation are born with bigger balls
cuz these rides these rides are fucking
with Nets on these ones are insane for
kiddie bill these are insane it's been
well like 30 minutes like 30 minutes
later and me and fuck girls still cannot
find I don't know with it where the boot
like information boots or like directory
I don't know where these are and I
refuse to ask cuz I'm too stubborn
Jackie just texts me saying I miss you
how much do you miss me I'm right here
minutes away from you guys the food they
have here is crazy
if you eat fair foods for three days
straight you're guaranteed heart attack
I swear
fucking bitch
Oh
alone she's taken
she's taken
she's finally on break maybe why were
you pissed your whole ship who were they
playing no what music were they plays
very mom's favorite happy they were
playing pitbull on the ride next to her
the whole time
do it pussy come on I don't have that
much storage go
guys if this video gets 10 likes I'll
jump off the thing ten lights sighs am i
doing that shit Yeah right I'm not doing
that so many people in warrior jersey
oh sorry meantime get on Papa mama boys
is a pause high-five huh
the loops are as fucking bad and they're
minimized
like you know when you minimize a page
on windows that's what they did to the
hoop it's impossible to make one and no
I'm not salty because I miss all that
guy's the worst thing you could do at
the fair is make eye contact with one of
the people that are working the boots
they literally won't let you leave
without playing hold on wait watch I'll
do it I'll do one for example watch I'll
make sure I contact watch
no I'm fine thank you
all right yeah guys oh you wanna play
the tone I'll give you a free no you
won't you just want to take my money
now
Magda
this is actually fucking guys I'm 21
years old almost and I come to the
fucking fair for fun house here we go
and this is the slowest one everybody by
the mother
great the worker sauce recording each
other on the slide now he's really gonna
think we're dating I came and saw Jackie
but she's going to get in trouble by her
manager cuz I kept trying to touch her
button while she was working so I can't
go back there
where's crazy oh we're about to go on
this ride
well well fucking tickets okay hold on
alright guys we're about to hop on this
ride they just scariest ride I've ever
been on and it's in the Kitty section
right Brandon making me report and my
pony is my phone for biggest games what
I've ever been on and it's McKinney
Tracy
guys I met so many fancy that I love you
guys all oh shit it's so many things you
guys want to see my face for the long
wait to you okay I'm a record better
okay stop with this one stop with me
stop of this now another drop the drop
pull this fucker
okay watch oh no a big drop a big I'm
ready I'm ready okay I wasn't ready
I was my ballsack went all the way up to
my heart my balls egg is not in its
right place right now okay right okay
guys so we're going on a hot-shit
ride okay the devil that rides the site
that's what I say Brian looks like all
the time
such a beautiful view where the scary
stop
one of my
god I want to win Jackie a huge teddy
bear but the Mathmos are rigged I'm
gonna ask if I can pay the worker off
let's see what he said I'll give it my
fake gold chain $19.99 buddy and we can
never have kids
because something happened to my
freaking on the rise on the drop
the watch the actual time part doesn't
even work I just do the first style it
doesn't even work
guys that's why I'm only riding the
kiddie roller coasters I don't care
you
