well I think that I don't leave a
Brandon where are we going to the gym
what are we gonna do there play
basketball I know this is a but it's
supposed to be a B for basketball hmm so
what are you doing what are you doing
right now I'm eating crackers no we
gotta go hey you trying to play
basketball listen to you no you can't
kid likes me well hey I'll let you know
if we win any games both see you later
okay so in our heads there's someone
watching the camera in the elevator 24/7
and we talk to them we try let's go baby
run him off the court oh well he ain't
heat up by d-wave arrow mouths do it for
Daisy that's a big dog guys he loves his
dog she's not cuter than Bosley right we
shouldn't even be here right now we're
gonna be so late
but balls lies hey it's a tie game next
point wins
hey if you love me end this shit Romel
hey Dee way take it easy on the defense
bro
clay Thompson wants that way watch that
hey I saw over it's over
we are the biggest we're so late right
now we're gonna hit a bunch of traffic
this vlog should be late 100% look I
didn't even have time to shower after
the shave a hundred and thirty five
miles away two hours and 48 minutes we
ready oh and by the way shout out to
Jackie for letting us use her car on my
old car whatever you wanna call it
because my BMW i8 is so overdue for
surveys think so
Oh am i enjoyed sorry God the cop just
passed by tennis you think it's finally
time for them to find out where we're
going so last night you know I was at
the gym playing basketball the usual and
I get a text from my manager and he says
that dj khaled is hosting like an event
and he was able to get me on the guest
list and I was like no way I was super
excited I'm super stoked I tried to get
Brian to come but he's in Las Vegas
so me and Danny's are heading over to
Hollywood it's about to be crazy I'll
make my floor yeah Dennis it's time for
you to have a star do it there I think
this way dude
yeah that voice I think it was coming
from Hollywood at the event
I'm obviously like not expecting cardi
to be there but if cardi B is at this
event
just know that I'm never coming back to
San Diego well I'm not coming back home
I'm staying at that event he's present
hang on her leg I'm gonna hang on to her
life she's tried to leave I'm gonna hang
on to her tattoo offs it's gonna be and
she said he want a party with cardi
track
searching for ground KC and finally
probably one month old and I lost the
cap so they've been open the whole time
oh you gotta ask you took out of my room
you up the cap in there you look them in
your car okay that poop I put it I'll
own the cap no you're losing okay you
laze about the gap to get it from
Dennis's room but listen how hard these
are him his swallows like night
we're gonna go me DJ card with no teeth
if you see DJ card go to miss a lie on
oh you do look like dj khaled imagine
you get in VIP say up is my van and this
traffic is exactly why you don't play
basketball the morning that you have to
go to Hollywood for an event that was a
bad idea
I'll admit it usually I don't admit it
but that was a very stupid idea from my
angle okay I thought your stupid idea I
want to make sure you shop from here and
and we weren't supposed to play
basketball and I texted Dennis I said
please we'll just go for a little bit
and then we'll leave right away we ended
up going
it wasn't exactly for a little bit it
was for a lot a bit and so yeah here we
are now in Los Angeles traffic hey you
want to hear our boy just like hey you
guys want to see Dennis shit himself
really quick
Bosley speed up to the speed of honesty
of olq a basel exhibits a different
color Bosley Yan tree all the people are
gonna hear me their windows open sorry
sorry bro I get carried away I love dogs
you dog roof I'm a dog roof Oh hehe open
this window you open is doing no imagine
he thinks it's another dog so he wants
to make friends I mean I'm a dog but not
that way oh we're pulling up to
somewhere Dennis slow down slow down
we're pulling up somewhere chino hills'
baby eh we should invite levar to the
party oh I want to talk the mellow and
jello to come by but they're in
Lithuania yeah guys we're in chino
hills' aka a big baller brand territory
guys so we're still on the way there
traffic has slowed down but I need to
book a hotel because I played so much
basketball that I didn't have time to
shower before we left and I'm not about
to go to this big event about taking a
shower that's disgusting so I need to
get this hotel really quick to go take a
shower and change I have my clothes in
the back like who invented basketball
Dennis what good does basketball do for
me it's just more stress it makes my
life harder we didn't invent it though
Dennis you're dumb guys logo we just saw
the Hollywood sign we're away the trees
you know we've officially made it the
infamous Hollywood sign Hollywood
Hollywood
what is it summer really doesn't she
stay in LA yeah I mean I told her I was
coming did you really
it looks like that with you you could go
hang out with somewhere I'll hang how
the winter ray I want summer ray you got
winter ray guys the proudest moment of
mine and Dennis's life who are parking
right now and we're about to stand up
for the first time in what 3-4 hours
understand my butt is numb here goes
nothing
hey daddy that's how you bug crack bro
oh my god hey everyone there's about it
feels so good watch watch watch watch
sorry and if you're wondering why we
parked and we're getting out the car
it's not because we made it to the event
nope
the reason is since we went and played
basketball this morning we didn't have
time to eat anything it's 6 p.m. and we
haven't ate anything today so right now
we stopped to get food really quick well
are you hungry well I'm hungry in pain
I'm on the basketball team playing but
you played over 40 hours
me and Dennis calculated the hours and
this past week I've played more
basketball than hours of sleep I've
played more basketball than I've got
sleep this past week it's crazy but I
love basketball honestly I've never
tried any of these but when it's 6 p.m.
and you haven't ate anything all day
everything looks good
six and a half hours later yo guys wait
Dennis we're matching we are back Danny
okay as if I expected you to wear
something different as if I expected
Dennis to wear so here we can agree
black isn't always my color yeah I know
I don't know why I thought you were
something different but anyways guys we
have some funny news so we're in the
hotel you know I just shower like
already we're about to leave to the
event right and I got a text from my
manager I guess this is not DJ Khaled in
bed this is this college event you know
young dog young young johnabroad go on
dance with singing young dumb and blue
this whole time you know my manager
yesterday texted me dj khaled we were
like oh shit and honestly we were still
stoked we're still fans about this
Khaled a member in the car we're like
shaking up with DJ Khaled were a we need
to play a playlist of piloting oh yeah
we have to practice because I don't know
too many of his songs so we got to do it
in the beret and the uber uber will
request a Khaled playlist and we'll
listen to it alright guys we gotta get
ready to go okay guys so we just arrived
to the event and we're on the Stars
right now a Dennis where is your name
bro but we got to find Devon Booker's
name oh you didn't finish it yet it's
under construction that later all right
bro we'll find yours lady
oh thank you dj khaled hey let's go
inside
ocean
Oh God Dennis mess that up
honestly you guys probably don't know
this but the professionals pronunciation
is probably sonnet that's the Middle
Eastern way
hey Dennis is going crazy but again
location make mother to go your
locations for Chuseok I'm doing okay
yo so the concert finished Khalid was
late but we did see some array some
right yeah she's playing but then she's
a little late I said no it's not worth
coming here until you talk to her yes I
said yeah I said way to my hotel go
punch coming in then coming back
hey easy bro what a tizzy yo guys
everything was made possible today
because of my manager Gore's thank you
so much he's a cool guy
so guys it's 2:00 in the morning right
now it's freezing cold I don't have a
jacket or a hoodie shit no nobody gonna
wrestle my god oh I'm literally shaking
and we're about to get it over hey who
else can say they did a cartwheel in the
middle of Hollywood at 2:00 in the
morning yo whatever man okay guys who
else do you know that's gonna do a
cartwheel two of the morning in the
middle of Hollywood oh wait everyone's
looking but I don't care that's okay I
can't you gotta go over there
man is that a car wheel do it again do
again Google
yo so right now we're in the elevator of
our hotel and I guess our boy didn't
follow us
there's no camera here bro that's
annoying I'm gonna find you he might be
up in the in the light won't find you it
was good hey yeah and you think he's
hiding up there and he's in our room our
boy never came with another Bowie State
in San Diego may yo right now we're
giving Instagram live a concert on the
way back for everybody on like never
ever find the right words there's no way
this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
