I got the napkins from Keynes
the sauce and no food Brian did bring
back any food from Keynes for me I'm
depressed you wonder why I beat his ass
I'm just joking but anyway so look what
I did so we have bread here I don't know
for my Vaughn's grocery store and I just
took it and I'm dipping it I'm imagining
it's the Texas toast from Keynes
mmm hey excuse clothes but if KFC was
open all the way and got chicken just to
dip it in the sauce but anyways how am I
gonna paint some shit we got a little
midnight snack of cereal popcorn and
bread then you have Bosley sleeping on
all the dirty clothes Bosley why are you
king of dirty clothes that's your
Mountain okay highness okay your
highness whatever the fuck is called
your Hennessy Bosley look I got I gave
you a blanket guys it's like 9 a.m.
right now yes now I know one I never go
to the gym that's early I'm never at the
gym this early I fell asleep at like
3:00 last night or this morning I should
say so I don't know why I'm awake but I
want to get my workout done early I have
a busy day I don't really have time to
play basketball either so I'm just gonna
go work out really quick and then come
back but it's gonna be weird I'm never
at the gym this early so uh see how it
is I gotta come back Eddie
do something for my cousin's in a little
so I had to find time to squeeze the gym
in some hour today so I decided to go
out this time oh shit I know I don't
drink energy drinks but I'm tired I went
to sleep
like I said oh no oh yes I thought my
mom hit the energy drinks
two L's later my god splashed all over
me first of all but this will get me a
good pump and a good heart attack
probably on like my third set of bench
press that's it that's all I need
I don't takes I don't take steroids I'll
take no illegal substance just two sips
of rock star that's it
shit I almost walking with the Steve
Urkel socks I change that guy since I
haven't been here in a while
it's been like four days I'm gonna try
to squeeze in two workouts in one day
I'm gonna try to do my chest back and
I'm gonna try to do a little bit of each
cuz I haven't been here I swear like
four days I just been so busy recently
chest done now time for back yeah I had
to eat something before I workout cause
it's not good to workout on an empty
stomach I literally ate a slice of ham
like a slice of pig and half a banana
what are you waiting for
I actually no not today yesterday how do
you upload the video I said Adam I'm
uploading it tomorrow today I'm passive
is a video up yet I said dad it's
rendering now it's gonna go up in like
an hour
and he's like he's literally sitting
down waiting for the video to go up cuz
Brian's gone vegan in salad soup in
desserts and what made you go vegan like
you felt bad for the cows the tours
there you have it Brian's vegan wait is
it vegan or vegetarian
Oh vegan journey last one more hour
before he eats what dick
oh yeah he's gonna eat sausage but how
do you wink like this I don't know how
to when I tried to do it sexy and crazy
no it tell me if I'm doing it right like
the lighting I don't know if it's good
like you have to go eight body weight
devil do I look like oh no when it was
don't really good oh you're supposed to
open your mouth no I don't know I'm just
no cuz Jackie doesn't see me and she
goes I don't know how to do that I just
go and I end up looking dumb anyway so
yeah Brian's gonna need a sausage okay
whatever head earlier this morning I
went to the gym for a early morning
workout I never usually go that early I
actually liked it it feels so good when
you're done with your workout that early
in the day Oh mom
you know how cold is closing I would
tell them that's where you got all your
white shorts with the 15% off with the
15% off and know you do
so I told them I I hate that coldest
closing because that's where my mom gets
all her shorts and that was my childhood
I remember when I was a kid and like I
would cry to my mom say can I please go
to like vans or zoomies or packs on she
would say we're not 50% off there it's
50 so I'm sad that bad stores closing
down guys honestly the best feeling in
the world is here the best feeling in
the world has to be this a long-ass work
account tiring work out your last set
final set your last rep like nothing can
beat that feeling nothing look I am
low-key dressed up bullshit the Ergo
socks again thanks mother
the Urkel socks are kind of fine with
black with white it looks weirder
Brian's trying to flex on me but anyways
yeah I'm kind of dressed up for the
first time in my life but yeah I thought
I went to the gym nothing beats that
feeling is that last set of your workout
so I haven't ate anything all day
besides one slice of ham and half a cock
or a banana whatever same thing so now
me and Jack are gonna go out to eat
Jackie's here go inside
wait babe what did Bosley do yesterday
he bit Jack
no he wasn't he was going for the tree
guys because Eddie axe don't fake like
he's in felony like he doesn't know you
anymore Jackie had a tree information
and she wasn't giving it to Bosley shows
oh god forbid Bosley actually had to
work for a tree she was actually trying
to make him sit and he went crazy
started jumping on her scratching her
and then when he went like that then he
he bare fingers I didn't that was
brought in Brian's going vegan look I go
to a gym for the first time in like four
or five days and I feel and I think I
have the nerve to wear a small shirt so
anyways we're going through the struggle
right now the daily struggle of trying
to find out where to eat
Bosley Bosley remember her you bear her
like 12 hours ago when she was here yeah
you bet her hard he didn't mean it wait
do you have the marquetry that's gone
now he was just going for the tree right
Bosley guys if you're wondering like why
max is dressed up and there's the best
day of my life
June 2nd 2016 no it's not because the
NBA Finals are today but I'm super hyped
for that but it's not because of that
it's because mom guess what I have in
three more hours yeah good guess
it's the best day of my life not yes
here good appointment thank God
cleanse here click for the vlog Oh
nice here clean got a haircut clay I'm
getting a haircut today
wait $500 haircut for that oh yeah I
could tell you got it for free no way
Eric Bledsoe
you know usually my haircuts once a week
today I broke the rule today it's only
been six days but I just couldn't take
it guys I had to get this cleaned up
weekend coming up the fair is opening
you can go into the weekend you need a
fresh cut going into the weekend and you
don't so yeah I'm high three more hours
till my haircut but I haven't a shit all
day so we need to go eat right now whole
family's here
redjac hey we're your wife where are the
lights
I believe you're out of wine right jack
mom your sisters Heidi ROG are you
wearing white rose
no we haven't ate all day and we always
listen why do middle Easterns yell when
they talk downstairs they're just having
a normal conversation just for a normal
conversation just talk like this like
just she said GABA that means I don't
know what it means it like fuck you or
fuck her I'll know what it means yeah
we're trying to sad wait to eat and no
it's not gonna be fun guys
but yeah she gets mad when I drink her
water but it's my house
yes spell couch where should we eat
every okay
Applebee's one of you this is where we
end up all the controversy oh where
should we eat we should eat we decided
to try this place it's real Asian food
well what's because there's no music
there's no customers there's literally
two workers it's like a house and but
this is real Asian food is not none of
that Panda Express it's real but I don't
know I feel like I can't even talk
imagine it's my middle-eastern family
comes here they yell when they have
normal conversation
okay guys so this actually looks good
what do you get you got shrimp and
noodles
okay can you tell them what I ordered
sesame because I said I said I said hey
I know you look like telly W but you
really aren't you really aren't telling
to me I said can I get a teriyaki sesame
chicken with no sesame okay guys now
time for the pepper I love you guys so I
had thought wait hold on first of all
let me warn you there's gonna be a super
basic joke but I've wanted to say and I
finally had the opportunity so I had
originally thought that we were on a
date like I thought we were going on a
date they way to me I'm trying to tell a
joke but then we have the chicken wings
we don't have the fries so what does
that mean what does that mean babe it
means we don't go on dates you ruin the
joke okay I look like Dan Tina
so you want to shove the eggroll I don't
know I'm just worried I make egg roll
shoved up my ass do you see that you
know the chicken wing that I just showed
my girlfriend bit please what did you do
so she tried to bite into and she said
babe I think there's a bone in here
I said yeah it's not a chicken nuggets a
chicken wing and then she said oh no
it's a chicken wing babe what the hell
this is me okay my fortune is either
made in the USA or learn Chinese
chocolate okay they have Alex land 21
oh shit monkey forest number 11 the
rejection work of art by its defects you
already know time for my dad's
prediction Oh first of all did you watch
the video how was it okay well if you're
a true fan of Broadus you know what are
these glasses for water 10 B these are
the prediction glasses whenever you make
a prediction you have to wear these okay
first predict Game one tonight
warriors blowout work close close okay
and what about the series okay how many
games seven seven so I don't know why I
have this on my neck
I need the glasses now I'm not gonna
make a prediction and here's why I have
two sides of me and it's split in half
half of my side sees LeBron turning into
the monster thirty point ten read on
tennis this guy who looks at the record
of two and five in the NBA Finals and
completely takes over the series and
wins
and then there's this side of me that
says LeBron could turn into that monster
but then you have to remember he's
facing one of the best teams in NBA
history so then I see the Warriors
winning so I'm split in half I don't
know I can see LeBron dominating and
willing the Cavs to Wayne or I could see
the Warriors being like we just took
down OKC down 3-1 we're gonna beat the
Cavs I don't know but what I will say is
this series is going seven games if I
had to make one prediction the series is
going seven games pink phone pink nails
pink silver watch pink hat pink jacket
sexy girl guys look how happy I am
because I'm gonna go get my hair cut the
face of a man who's about to go get a
haircut
it's an unsolvable smile my barber
actually took me you're supposed to go
home and pick up his son but he's
actually taking the extra today such a
nice man shit I would be nice to myself
to fall under every single fucking week
for the past two years well yeah he was
close to close early and instead he's
taking me as the last customer so let's
see what those magic hands could do to
my hair even though it's literally the
same exact haircut every single time and
no one can even tell the difference
let's see what those magic hands can do
some my hair
everyone wants to go to look at them the
way Basel except my dad dad you like my
hair alright guys so I'm gonna go get me
some in and out to watch the game hey
Archer I bother you again
my neighbor I'm about to go get me some
in and out to watch the game
Oh hug I forgot my keys I hate when I
get all the way to my car I don't even
know where my keys are honestly but um
it's dinner time right now I've already
told you guys about the lines in and out
could potentially have like you know
Steph Curry has a potential every game
to go for like 40 points every time I go
to edit now there's potentially the
lines gonna take fucking two hours
so hopefully the line isn't long since
the game one is about to start I'm
hoping everyone sitting their asses at
home waiting to watch the game here's
where I love bandwagon fan so living in
California therefore I found my keys
there's a bunch of bandwagon warrior
fans a bunch of them so hopefully
there's no line I ended out because all
the bandwagon fans are about to watch
the game I love bandwagons thank God
guys you know what I noticed looking at
myself
I got a receding hairline my hairline is
going up like I'm getting old
I just noticed like I got a receding
hairline that shit's going up I'm about
to have a five head before you know it I
got wrinkles on my forehead like your
boys getting old before in a couple of
weeks I'm gonna be the big two one
my prime is done guys once you get that
receding hairline and the wrinkles on
your forehead you know your life's over
so at least I got to have fun my first
20 years of my life but fuck your boys
getting old before you know I'm gonna
have to start blasting music cuz that's
only for young people I'm for God when
I'm at a stop sign and I have to ask for
the right of way I have to act like a
good person so I put my volume down and
I go like this I can I please go if your
volume is blasting and you're like this
no one's gonna let you go but if your
volumes low and you kind of put on the
face like can I go please and they
probably let you go or it's called you
just force your fucking way like this
what I'm doing
nevermind
sorry yeah end music - said haircut
several months in between homie no homie
you're wrong
haircut several days in between them by
several I mean like five or six but
several months no but I let's see and
hoping and now doesn't have a long line
guys please my gosh
not even Game one of the NBA Finals can
stop in and out from having long gas
lines I'm back to hating bandwagon fans
again I don't like being on it anymore
can I get two cheeseburgers one of them
with everything grilled onions instead
of regular onions and then I'm the other
one with spread only and I would have
french fries try to go 7:34 okay thank
you thank you to wait before I even got
to decide if I wanted to wait in the
line or not before I even got to turn my
camera off while I ordered it okay well
I guess I'm waiting in the line guys
look at this there's three cars in front
of me this way and then it goes across
that way like five or six cars and then
it goes around the drive-throughs over
there
damn oh well guys I'm you know how like
when you're in long line at the
drive-through you just have those random
thoughts I just thought about how
Tristan Thompson got all that fuckin
money last summer and I'm just like what
like white Tristan Tom I don't fucking
know oh no oh
you got one burger with everything
grilled onions then you got the healthy
one with literally just cheese and meat
then you Oh can't forget pepper don't
put too much just a little bit of pepper
you show your penis blood everywhere
guys oh my gosh I'm so tired right now
it's almost 3:00 a.m. check this to 44
in the morning almost 3:00 a.m. I just
finished editing this vlog but watch
while I hope you enjoyed road to 700k
we're almost there we're literally this
close like I can see it from between my
fingers were not there yet but we're
almost there 700 K thank you so much for
watching like I said I hope you enjoyed
I gotta be up at 9 in the morning
because I'm about to go to the gym work
out some arms just lunchtime basketball
so I'm I'm gonna take a shower and then
go to sleep okay so what's what I hope
you enjoyed this vlog got to be up in a
couple articles to jam I'm fucking tired
I don't even know what I'm saying guys
much love brats vlog oh and also one
little hint I have no idea when I've no
idea where I have no idea about anything
but let's just say that I have started
working on a pill I'm gonna leave it at
that I've started working on some bruh
Wallace Apparel
