we're attempting this we're trying we
want to do a video well you'll just see
if it works but oddly what's going on
now what she's gonna pee on it I knew it
why Bosley why do you pee on the ladder
okay so dad you think it's going to work
step one attach rope to the top of this
dad what the hell is called it's badly
attached wire rope to the patio
step two fill plastic bag with butter
cold or warm call cold water you put too
much
where are the fishes my dad should work
at Petco if you can close this yeah I'm
gonna fly back on the table and fly over
into the street if it hits me hard you
want me to move the fire thing step
three cut the rope step 4
move this weird out of the way my god
she peed on the ladder again okay so oh
well guys I trust my dad he knows what
he's doing
Bodley would you help my guys
careful dead oh no oh no ha
okay so someone's gonna stand right here
I want to know what you're gonna stun
just listen you said you're gonna stand
first okay careful the cameras in my
hand we need to be right Oh God
oh my me I'm gonna stand again
no you need to stand closer so can I try
it too you know yeah dad what did you
say okay my dad said my dad said make my
mom stand over there come on
okay guys and now he wants to get hit by
my mom he's scared
okay you have to tell cut the path oh my
god oh my god mom okay so now that we
know it works me and my dad are actually
gonna go do a basket okay me and my dad
are he's gonna shoot just three shots
basketball three shots and however many
we miss that's how many bags we're
getting hit to our face dad how are you
gonna even go outside he's all out in
the house okay we're shooting two
free-throws and one three-pointer and so
my dad taking three shots so I'm taking
three shots total however many we missed
that's how many bags of water we're
getting thrown at us dad you want to
start okay
first free throw
one bag of water
two bags of water now let's see it the
husband three bags my dad gets three
bags of water thrown at him don't warm
up so you get one one bag of water too
right
okay
hahaha do bag of water okay okay so this
is what happens when your middle-eastern
but you think you're good at basketball
and you end up now getting three bags of
water each thrown at you dad here will
shoot three it will shoot a three first
one make it only gets two bags okay guys
so we don't want to waste too much water
so okay only one bag whoever makes it
okay if I make this oh my god that was
good
ah haha bag of the three for my dad
let's go let's go see when you watch a
lot of Devin Booker it pays off even
though I started over three okay let's
do this three bag of lot I'm about to
get my dad what does Jackie was locked
on sugar in my house mm-hmm
big we got Bosley waiting for my mom
Bosley she's not coming back my mom went
by you want to go by my mom data you can
hit me first I just want to get it over
with
Samantha okay okay ready
uh-huh
oh look at Bosley doesn't oh my god it
so cool then do my faces if fell on top
okay now that my dad was three bags you
guys should wear I remember Brandon for
a visible mission mad pooper Cub yeah
because that was point like I know he
was aiming to pay me yeah we want
grandkids Ronny
you know what Bobby does to me huh yeah
okay guys for pop up rewarded done with
us look at one hand
Macrina good thing we're done having
kids oh no oh no not the money or should
let's all forget the money get the money
get it get it get it hide in my purse
put it in my purse in my first decide
Father give it time
oh how do you not take things out of
your pocket let a little cash running
everywhere like with my support in what
let him come
I'm going to play in the garage in the
garage you're gonna go look around yeah
but what I want to go outside
Don the garage in the garage in the
garage yeah what best sabath Dina from
Auburn a bit
he needs his exercise for the day I am
saying bug let's go in the garage is
like giving Brandon a basketball you dad
I sang the other site huh Paula
sorry guys yeah see you rolled wet zone
coming in oh god no that was bad oh no
shit tomato
I feel bad girls right yeah you're all
to do this challenge he asked me I'm not
a bad son what no really
so yeah happy my dad didn't let me fill
the bags up cut it with a knife or a tie
because he said I'm gonna do something
wrong no matter what I try to do he said
it ends up wrong Bosley oddly you can
put badly in the bag
Brian's betta fishes would have lesser
than that oh I know huh hey guys van
Dover familiar to me with you yeah no
joke me oh so you're gonna edit this
part I sorta gun
wait I'll count down from five no you
can't look five four
my dad is Eustace from Courage okay guys
so this challenge is over it was just a
little fun challenge that my dad decided
to do dad
what manner gonna want he thought he was
gonna with one major thing about the
Rope with water to the face and just I
don't know I just thought about it he
just thought of a cool challenge and so
guys I hope you enjoyed this quick
little challenge it actually hurt me and
I only got one so I feel bad for my dad
guys that's actually so cool I feel bad
for my dad
I'll give him a bath myself because I
feel bad but yeah I hope you enjoyed
this video yes my dad's money though
save the money dad you know I want to be
like cliche youtuber drop a like if you
enjoyed that video drop likes you want
to see more challenges of my family you
just give it a big giant thumbs up and
what let's try to hit 10,000 like for
this one I think that's my average I
don't know oh my god Bosley just Bosley
just went into but Bosley just went into
my dad's room while he was trying to
take a shower Bosley
dad where's Bosley Bosley get out he's
trying to shower yeah no puzzle you camp
and go on the couch go go on the couch
go go go oh
buzz are you gonna drop a like are you
gonna drop are you gonna drop a like for
the video guy who mom guess whose turn
it is to go one time no you your turn
one time please I did it my dad did it
you can wear a hairnet please please mom
Wow and I thought you were supportive of
my youtube career I just thought I mean
like for being my mom you would help me
out with my videos we just killed
I just guilt trip my mom we're gonna go
get her one time we're gonna go get it
with one bag hold on
Kat is pregnant okay mom are you ready
you don't want it just get a hair net
you don't want it to hit your head it's
gonna go on your hair I swear Bosley
prediction time will it go on mama rugs
here
mom it's waiting for you I swear it's
like death row and you know you're gonna
go I didn't you volunteered my dad it's
gonna star has even started yeah you're
not gonna miss it hold on guys before I
do this all the time when I was in high
school mom can I go out to this no you
stay home right now
mom can i buy this how about when we
were in Toys R Us when I was 5 years old
mom please sophisticated no no okay get
it over with
okay guys sorry have you filled in so
much camel three two one go oh there you
good hey not me I got three bags in in
mind oh all right thank you okay you
want to say something I don't know
whatever you want outro
you know what moms do it with your kids
it's fun yeah where do you get dirty
longest your pictures are happy ha ha
you said you said you get where you get
dirty with your kids oh my god ok guys
I'm leaving I'm leaving as nasty as
nasty oh my god you play it you set
yourself up for that one mom yeah I am
putting it in she said don't put that in
its 2016 you gotta explain everything up
on the internet unless she meant like on
the internet like you know the ones
called like stepmom like surprises
stepson you know or like stepson black
males whatever like that you know what's
up guys bro Wallace here I got two
things to say real quick
I just want to apologize because I
noticed recently on my channel I've been
doing a lot of you know challenges
stories QA stuff like that when I'm a
daily vlogger I just kind of want to
apologize I know people subscribe to
this channel
for my daily vlogs I've still been daily
uploading but it's been more like
challenges and Q&A prank and stuff I
just wanted to apologize for that but I
do hope that the days that I don't put
up a vlog and where I do a challenge
instead or a funny story that's happened
to me in my past or even a prank I do
hope you enjoyed those just as much as
my vlogs I know that are hard to talk
because you guys hype up my vlog so much
but uh no yeah sometimes there's just
like a challenge that I want to try that
I think would be funny or just something
that's going around YouTube as a trend
and I feel like it would be funny for
myself to try so that's the only reason
I don't upload a vlog sometimes but I do
understand that I'm a daily vlogger yeah
like I said I apologize for that I gotta
get back to my daily vlogging they also
second thing I wanted to apologize for
trust me we know it wasn't the smartest
thing to waste all that water and this
isn't something we do often we just
thought it would be a funny challenge
was there a different challenge we could
have done guess was there maybe a more
conservative way to use that water yes
but all in all we just thought it would
be a funny challenge and no we never
waste that much water and yes I do feel
bad wasting that water but it's just a
one-time thing so bear with us guys um
but yeah I apologize for that cuz I know
there's a lot of people who were in a
drought and I agree we are in a drought
so no it wasn't the smartest thing to do
but just a one-time thing guys bear with
us bear with this family but watch what
I love you guys don't thank you so much
for watching oh and by the way I'm not
trying to promote myself or anything but
uh don't follow me on snapchat Instagram
and Twitter links are in the description
below Kiko blew me on social media
your boy bro Wallace out
