I got this guy's this is the most
stressful part of our day all the time
not this but this is also the most
stressful part of my day I have to wear
makeup bib for when I kiss Jackie cuz
usually I wipe it on my shirt back to
wear one this is your first time
everybody's butt so there's two most
stressful parts of my day first is
trying to kiss my girlfriend I tell her
babe looking at use my motion school my
wife I tell her I tell her all the time
I say babe you're so beautiful without
makeup like you don't need make-up to me
who throw at me just throw it at my face
no throw at my face ah okay we're not
going out to eat watch let's see what
happens
okay hold on okay fine I want to try it
now wait first let me just tell them
what's so stressful I say I say it Bay
for the Millinocket baby you're so
beautiful without makeup and I just want
to kiss you so much and you're so pretty
without makeup and she says babe I have
to wear makeup I'm a girl whatever the
fuck you say and then she comes and I
try to make out with her like the with
the tongue the tongue and everything and
then I go I love all the makeups and
after wear makeup babe the second the
worst stressful part of our day is
trying to decide where to eat we're
literally starving we're always so
hungry and we don't we can't decide like
we go to the same places she's been here
for like 20 or 30 minutes and we're
still outside trying to think what are
we gonna eat we drive around but hey hey
guys
did you guys hear okay hey babe listen
if I monkey over you hold on if I knock
you over like there's a stake if I knock
her over and she flies into my car
windshield that I get to pick where we
eat but if you knock me over
I imagine you go by yeah okay go it go
I didn't even move why okay you want me
to run at you yeah I can't I don't hurt
women
I only break their hearts
okay babe we have to decide where we
want to eat well one more kiss what do
you think
guys look how beautiful look what is
this tall a chain yeah where should we
eat I don't know where to eat babe do I
actually look like a Teletubby
he actually looks like thank you we
trying to do I look like though a purple
one okay guys we need to decide what
we're gonna eat you babe what the hell's
on my way auto-filled sippy it's
probably piss from that it probably
gotten blue yeah I did you did let me
use Clorox to clean you oh we have
Thomas applied to clean my face look
glass cleaner babe I literally I didn't
know your windows to a glass no now I
know their glass okay don't try to act
follow me because I'll run you over
give me now you spin ah no listen you
spin look you hold my hand and then you
spit in my arms and then you look no you
useful guys you know that my dance where
I go like I hold her hand and then she
spins in my arms and she goes like this
and she looks at me and it's supposed to
be the heart eyes like the emoji and
then I give her a kiss and then I hold
the rose in my mouth like this with a
rose babe okay spin in my arms and then
and then in it okay babe you know not
like that guy's it's been like six hours
we don't know what to eat ah would you
still come why are you laughing
oh yeah cuz you were so hot when you're
a kid right exactly what you saw would
you still date me if I look like that
yeah that was little
no not if you were little like if you
were this age and I look like that which
is so date me like if you still were not
young
yes oh wow
hey babe let's go eat you know what what
are you looking for babe you're not
paying for the food no I hit it I hit it
I hit it good she always tries to bring
her wallet when we go out to eat and I'm
just like babe I know that's the point
you're not gonna pay for our food I'm a
gentle fish I have to be hey babe why
can't you actually just be a gold digger
first of all I'm serious I don't know
how to go big you just do it right just
make me pay for the food you know you're
struggling to think of where to eat when
you pull out the Yelp app that's always
the last option okay babe should i type
in restaurants or a fast-food both code
lucky seafood is the first one that pops
up thank you hey there is nothing - hey
I think you don't remember I bet you
don't remember what this string is from
I bet you don't remember I get the fuck
out of my car babe oh my god one of our
first times ever hanging out when we did
the magic trick in the parking lot with
the security guard you kept it yes laia
though you say you're throwing it away
why would I not keep it with one the
first time yes I remember being like
this is no dirt away yeah it's disco it
was real security cleared it's not about
I'm not gonna use it and fucking rub
myself with it it's for memory cheated
on look she's here she opens she opens
my side up another girl whatever I only
taught you up see not really a condom
what is this it's my condom no what is
it
listen baby you know I don't use manga
you for sure Toonami this is what skanky
girls wear listen guys she opens my uh I
know you girl of thing whatever it's
called so she could find something
cheated on her with instead she finds a
magic rope that I kept from one of our
first times ever hanging out and she
still tries to justify that I wasn't you
okay babe can you tell me yes or no can
you just tell me yes or no hey guys I'm
a No oh my god
mine I made him made me a don't get
yourself a Jackie what's this she wanted
to quit her job and since I'm majoring
in like communications and like I'm good
at typing good at English is fine for me
and he didn't give it to me and I really
found it I won't say the place you work
I really quit like look how good of a
snake right months ago I typed in I
typed up something for her to read to
her boss to all of blanks upper end
staff I my name is on behalf of myself
putting in my two-week notice of leave
I've enjoyed working out this rough over
the patch and I want to thank each and
every staff member so much for this
opportunity I'm going to take the many
experiences I've gained from my time
working here and put it to use not only
for my future job but also in my
everyday life school has been really
tough on me with two Delta's Testament
and I plan on taking a few summer
classes along with a heavier school
schedule next semester that would be my
last day again thank you so much for
getting the opportunity to work here man
I made that I made that all up and I
forgot to give her the note but can you
keep this in cuz I just want my other
ones yeah I'll keep it we just changed
the name of the job yeah listen there is
subway no no there's fun
guys we've ate for like the night time
yeah and actually he eats the whole
plate now who I want for you want some
mm-hmm I'm lucky don't let's go okay
guys remember when I hated for not like
he actually eats the whole noodles and I
don't think he never used to do that
whole thing I used to not like you but
like I guess fuzz one of those things
where the fresh out you have to let it
grow on you like I guess the first time
I thought I didn't like it and now I
like it so and I get extra meat on the
side your extra meanie I have a lot of
extra me
we are going to find out and it should
be it should be so fun get it babe
babe do you get it yes we're going to
fuck it should be so fun take you to you
you know my tire pressure light has been
on for like fucking babe
I know I know I know babe that's what
they said to me they said your car like
keeps going on with all your tires are
like I don't like would I die from that
and they said no I said are you sure you
think you know they told me this is why
I don't die this is why I don't go to
car shop because they're so mean when I
went for my brakes they said well they
said they said they said what is wrong
they couldn't even speak they said if
you drove they said I'm surprised we
even made it here if you drove even one
more day your brakes would even work and
I said jeez all right
like flux let's come back here babe
listen today I was trying to think cause
I was like because I forgot your name I
was trying to think of your name why
couldn't you forgot my name
like I like I actually love to talk to
you about a second day no it's not
listen up I honestly think your legal
name is babe like I forget your name is
Jackie all the time yeah every name is
just kidding but really guys I call her
babe so much I'm just like wait what's
her real name babe or baby I don't have
to call you in our wedding cuz I'm going
out with friends and bro auto sold out
to say I you twice I'm gonna make the
priests say I'm gonna do you take babe
to be your lawfully what boys I was
called lovely or what lovely wedded wife
our notebooks cool no I'm gonna make the
priests say I'm gonna make the priests
say Brandon aka bro artist do you take
babe to be your lawfully and I'm gonna
tell the priest to vlog when I say I do
oh my god
our wedding it's from you just go so we
are at wedding fund because I can't
believe I got her to agree to this our
whole wedding is gonna be orange and
purple themed and she's gonna wear
orange and purple dress
you know chirping I rather die okay good
yes no I'm outta here sleep you know I
told you in your sleep and you said
behave of course okay look it's gonna be
orange and purple everywhere we're gonna
do Jesse on when I we're talking about
our wedding yeah okay you might say oh
can you do the thing to my head meet
guys get yourself a girlfriend who
actually loves it who does this to your
hair when uh when you're driving oh and
next after five minutes can you do the
goatee I always do that it's better
Lena's saying we should go to college
though the beach like baby
ah I forgot to bring my junkie but if
you did bring it cuz I love making
excuses to get out of things I really
did with my jacket I swing the baby I
love you so much
okay give me a kiss on my cheek okay
yeah I don't feel bad for that and I'm
gonna put salt and pepper all your fun
when it goes as actually scares me when
you get the hold of the pepper cause you
actually go crazy about it I put so much
better leave me like you literally be
like they do you want pepper boom like
like a pound of that babe can you give
me a kiss
only if you say father you don't want me
to lie to you okay fine I won't put
pepper on yourself baby I can't go over
I'm so good at getting out of trouble
with Jackie she said she said baby you
notice anything different on my face and
I said uh hold on I said uh this and
that and this and that and I didn't know
and then she said it's my eyebrows like
a slap and then I said babe obviously I
didn't notice your eyebrows look good
because they always look good to me
oh I want to tell you the pickup line
again at full you have to tell me
offer me sriracha sauce we'll do it
inside we'll do it I love I love that
pickup line it's my favorite one guys if
you're going out to eat with your grill
or a girl that you like then she offers
you sriracha sauce watch I'll show you
the pickup line when we get inside guys
I swear they hate us here I come here
and I ask I asked for four can I ask for
fucking all these things that ruin the
culture oh my god this is true people
say relationship goes to everything
watch I'll post a video of me and Jackie
walking like this and people are like oh
my god they walk at the same page
relationship goals yeah yeah so
demanding babe you're so mean as they
always put the menu like like this
I need to sit close to her because I
love touching her what I look like a
hair I'm gonna do that thing where I
wound into your face in the blog way
here's the pickup line hold on he's a
pickup line
do you want some babe say it louder like
you're not me
do you want the sriracha
wait let me say that pickup line babe I
don't want to rock your sauce cuz I'm
not really into anything spicy so thank
you wait just turn over outside of it I
don't want this rug stuff cuz I'm not
really into anything spicy the only
slicing thing I like is your attitude
will it work okay guys try it at home
guys step one the egg rolls watch the
challenge you want me to eat that okay
I'll eat the tree wait what is this
no I'm not even go no that actually
tasted like God Jackie said it best to
herself
nobody ever go out to eat with us she
said she's even done going out to eat
witness I'm done going out to do this
what terrible like I'm worse than him
yeah she's real bad that makes me better
but we're just terrible and we cannot
eat babe you're so annoying she gets so
mad when I call her annoying guys me and
Jackie are trying to look for the animal
in here it's like a zoo exhibit Jackie
thinks there's a snake I think it's like
a komodo dragon or something I don't
know so look I have to use a fork
because I don't know how to use
chopsticks and look there's my extra
meat my girlfriend doesn't get extra me
from here okay wait I'm already gonna
get slapped by this one but she doesn't
order extra meat because out together I
served at home oh I think I slap she's
gonna give me the pepper oh my god do
you want some - okay
are you away now the salt oh my god this
is what look look how much of a mess
already my phones over there
the soda I don't know what this is one
Oh time out end it
alright guys before I start eating I
just had one last thing to say people
ask me oh why do you sit next to guys
instead of in front of her like a
regular person because if you sit in
front of them that just screams I just
screams like like you're just out to eat
for fun but if you sit next to them and
you go out to eat like this then you
make it or I don't be like this I just
stay like that till my food you got to
let these hoes know you're taking I'll
talk about the boyhood guys I love fun
now but I still can't fuck with the
spiderweb I don't eat the but I love
everything else it's actually so good
guys before we go cuz Jackie said she
wanted to go to the zoo I want to feel
like I'm an animal of the zoo
look at what animal eats plants off a
tree like a koala or a panda let's just
a map and Asian's that foolish well it's
a kind of a man bamboo or Babu
baboon on okay hold on
oh it doesn't you know watch this
look Oh No maybe your hamster guys taste
like my blood tastes like my goodness
she tell me well my girlfriend works at
the fair she has to work every single
day for one month straight and she said
I can get a new girlfriend for one month
but since I'm loyal I said babe why
would I ever even think about that
he actually said ha babe really uh no
and then she said she said what are you
gonna do without me for a whole month I
said I don't know jack off every single
day babe what am I supposed to do
without you oh my gosh
guys everyone said oh my god it actually
is closing every everyone told me that
cold was closing and I never believed
them and now I saw from my own eyes
first of all that's where my mom gets
over white shorts oh I don't know what
she's gonna do second literally my whole
childhood when my mom would take me
shopping without better to shop out like
vans and Sue means she would say no
we're going to call that 50% off and now
my whole childhood is ruined but yeah
guys we were about to go home and then
I'm like I want yogurt babe so now we're
going to Yogurtland
guys that's where I put me like
literally one pump of yogurt like one
small squeeze of yogurt and then my
total comes out to like six dollars why
I bid what is my total I'm so busy you
know what no ask me why my total comes
out so expensive actually you tell them
because you get like the toppings like
six pounds of something I only barely
put any ice cream in the night well
listen to 30 pounds on again goodbye one
for yours Oh total seven I won't get one
free that's how you drag me here
shape yeah since you know let me pay for
it I have to make sure that you're only
paying for one thing like I only put
this much yogurt
I'm trying to force my girlfriend to go
on an adventure with me and she's too
scared maybe we can go in there I think
it literally says warning keep clear
cameras and I think you can go in here
I forgot it was buy one get one free and
I barely put me anyone I could have got
so much more for free
okay babe I don't know for a lot to go
in here this is literally a horror movie
right here huh oh shit okay fine go
Bosley Bosley Bosley what kind of dog
doesn't look when you call them Bosley
I'm gonna put you in the garage Bosley
finally Bosley you want to come upstairs
come here
we'll go up come on Bosley go on the
couch okay go on the couch go go on the
couch oh the vlog you can get on the
couch by yourself go go on the couch go
go oh okay guys so I'm a hop off the
vlog for a few hours because my
girlfriend's request was to lay down and
watch the office and you know princesses
get what they want all the time oh look
this is your crown Wow here this is the
green apple crumb babe you look hot like
that can you do your hair like that one
time so yeah yes why did you make your
eyebrows mean on purpose so you always
look like this
are you serious you have to shave hey
guys so I always use it
I do you like when that wig no I don't
have a sexy wing click okay I've already
seen every episode of The Office but I'm
gonna watch it again because it's so
funny it's time to Dwight Schrute and
chill the world might actually be ending
look I'm actually dressed okay not
bullshit I need took clincal the salt
you can't go out with them fully hi
Steve Urkel no though I think the
world's ending my mom is it wearing
white shorts I'm actually dressed no
blue tea no boxer shorts
and I'm on there Davis still babe no
you're still babe
so the world might be a little normal
but try on good guys we got my mom's
boots this is why she lived in the South
Pole
or white where Santa from North Pole
I'll know where the fuck Santa is from
but it's up to you guys I just
remembered Santa's from the North Pole
South Poles the clothing that was
popular with like echo guys
so it's 11:10 p.m. hold on y'all know
that moment when your girlfriend is
latina so she has a curfew no matter how
old she is so in case you guys don't
know let me explain that so if you have
a girlfriend who's latina aka my Latino
girlfriend Jackie who still has curfew I
was just thinking the last thing she ate
was the soup the pho and that was like
six seven hours ago and I know she's
hungry she's on her period so she's got
to be hungry so I'm gonna go surprise
her she doesn't sleep till super late
and she had a fucking monster just like
an hour ago energy drink so I know she's
gonna be awake I'm about to go surprise
her she has no idea that I'm going I'm
about to go get her food and just drop
it off at her house blah blah you know
the cute little typical babe go look
outside oh you brought me food oh my god
you're so cute
actually I texted her earlier and I was
like babe do you want food she said
nobody just go to sleep early I know you
have to edit a long video so just go to
sleep and like but babe you're about to
get surprised I got a long video to edit
I look like the killer from I know what
you did last summer
but this is bruh wadis boyfriend duties
always ought to make sure your girls
happy especially this time of the month
to go please
you know it's late is cold it's raining
I got a long video to edit yeah it's a
shit I wanna go out soon hi guys so
mission accomplished
call Jackie our food and it feels so
good to like do stuff for other people
especially someone you love
oh shit forgot to hide this can't forget
to edit that part out so yeah guys it
feels so good to do stuff for Peter
joking that shows from Brian's brain or
it is it was from Brian scare or
whatever
