I knew I smelled something knew it I
knew it
thank God thank you so much for blessing
me with a big nose I don't know who it
came from my mom dad Jackie I don't know
but thank God bless me of the big nose
cuz no hmm Pink's up on the hood but I
don't know how I got here because I
literally have a problem first of all
not only do I eat every single night
around fucking midnight or 1:00 a.m.
which is the in case you don't know a
99% chance that I have a heart attack in
my sleep because let's just say that I'm
not the healthiest eater in the world
but second I literally always eat every
time I brush my teeth I'm literally I
could be full as fuck I'm like oh I'm so
not hungry I just want to go to sleep
brush oh I'm so hungry I'm starving I
don't know why it makes no sense but
it's time to eat oh shit Jackie can't
get enough of me texting me at this time
okay
four messages what did I do oh shit just
went to five six oh no my heart rate oh
oh my god guys I become my one message I
love what the fuck is zoomed in to my
face I look like a Teletubby
okay one message yeah I love it two
messages from Jackie my heart melts even
three is like okay I love you baby girl
once it gets to four five god forbid
six I'm just like oh fuck what did I do
and I start thinking of all the things
that I did wrong please go okay it's
still at six so that might not be too
bad guys I still haven't fixed my screen
listen I'm gonna look up one me and rug
did that skit for his channel when I
cracked my phone screen
up that prank when Jackie pissed me off
so bad that I threw my phone and it
cracked even worse I still haven't got
my phone config I like so much I like
more than Brian making call of duty
video yo can you see me can you see me
Russell let's look after you two three
anyways so yeah guys I'm safe a lot of
trouble is just some you know the usual
I miss you babe you know I love you you
know I want to play footsies I don't
know and guys I love this bread ah
excuse me excuse me guys sleeping
upstairs dip it in ranch let's see what
flavor is this Oh God lemon pepper for
sure nope Oh
zesty lemon pepper I mean not just lemon
pepper well it's just wrong
um guys out look this is garlic parmesan
you want to know how I can tell don't
get me wrong I love the taste of garlic
parmesan matter of fact I'll try right
now I love it look Oh mmm tastes so good
I love it
awesome but let me tell you how I knew
its garlic parmesan because it smells
like ass I took garlic parmesan smells
like smells like ass and smells like
fart but it tastes really good ah I'm
definitely not waking up tomorrow
morning so if this vlog ever gets
uploaded to YouTube shout out to whoever
found my camera uploaded it for me I'm
not even sure whose channel is gonna be
on I don't know what's gonna happen but
if you see this bruh wall squat I love
you guys
guys I don't even know what fucking song
that is I'm debating whether it's
spongebob or Ed Edd and Eddy oh no this
is fun oh this is fun well hold on you
know at the end it gets sad so I think
this was added in Eddie I'm just trying
to have fun my last night before I died
I honestly don't know how I'm gonna live
through this oh well I got a fork
because the garlic parmesan made my
fingers smell like ass I don't want my
fingers to smell like ass unless you
know I do
mmm-hmm oh I want more bread actually
yeah better view camera so guys I'm at
six hundred and seventy five thousand
subs who Connor is thirty five thousand
subs
meeting I'm twenty five thousand subs
away from 700k meaning I'm three hundred
and twenty five thousand subs away from
one mil bro what is with a millions
nominally just for Wallace with 700 K
cells who would have ever thought
definitely not me for those of you who
had faith in my channel from the
beginning thank you so much because
knives and myself I didn't even think I
would ever get to 100k 200k 700 Kayne
almost a million that's crazy and I
don't care how much work I put into
every single video I don't care how many
shoutouts I've gone I don't care what
I've done myself
the only reason any of this is possible
is because of you guys if you guys want
hitting that subscribe button if you
guys aren't watching my videos I'd have
zero views I have zero subscribers which
is I'm just so thankful for every single
subscriber because that's how I see
I don't care what I do sure I put in the
work but that's what I have to do like
hey Dad that's my job my dad just got
home that's my job it's your you guys
are the reason that I have that much dad
I'm almost at 700,000 subs
yeah my guys happy because look at that
I told you to stay waiting on this
t-shirt we won the game
I told you if I went to Game seven
warriors would win the home King no
wings shop Cannes was closed for
Memorial Day so Brian brought wings stop
you can have some was this garlic
parmesan oak red chicken okra means far
in my language like it smells like it
dad anything to say for almost 700,000
subs
Thank You van I was telling them I said
I said I can't say oh yeah the reason I
have 700k is because I put in so much
work to my videos and ideally a book
because that's my job it's not like oh
I'm putting in so much work yeah I got
the subs no it's it's on then they're
the ones who are subscribing
they're the ones who watch my videos
they're the ones who drop a like so if
it wasn't for you guys I look like I
would know but really that's why that's
how I see it that's my mentality the
fact that you guys subscribe watch like
amaze me appreciate you guys so much
more oh I won't eat the grape watch this
done oh you're not out the room yeah I
never missed in that let me know what
make it no look me with the grapes in
the ears like Devin Booker shooting a
wide-open three dad you have to have
your mouth open like yeah like what
before it drop you don't open it after
it hits your nose
my dad is a shameless year-old if they
throw something in the litter of fish in
the air but yeah guys I want to show my
appreciation cuz I know once I hit 700 K
I'm gonna get a lot of congratu Tory
tweets and texts from people you know
Congrats Brandon you deserve it all that
do I deserve it maybe like did I earn it
maybe but it's literally on you guys I
should be sending all 700,000 of you
guys text I should be sending seven
hundred thousand of you guys sweet
saying thank you each and every one of
you guys here just for the sake of it
dad tell whoever's sleeping I'm sorry
but this is for the fans
tell whoever is asleep that I'm sorry
but this is for the fans at 1:00 in the
morning and I haven't even hit 700k yet
thank your fans appreciate it
my mom's gonna come down with an item
like a fuckin sandal hit me in the face
guys how about this sound effects for
all my NBA fans
let's go like Ryan up she's asleep
oh I'll wake Brian up with his
background music wait how does it go
again oh you left your thing on I'm
singing darude sandstorm
I think that's what it's called oh yeah
daddy moonshine duty moonshine whatever
the fuck it's coming should I turn this
off may I see that game fucking fucking
crazy man I honestly wanted OKC to win
just because I wanted to see a LeBron
and Kyrie verse Durant Westbrook paddle
but I knew if okay see a rematch for me
I'll see you
O'Casey to choke and a lot of people
were saying oh the refs help the
Warriors way no they didn't the Warriors
O'Casey choked and the Warriors took
advantage of it ok Oklahoma City choked
and the Golden State Warriors who are
one of the best regular-season teams in
NBA history actually statistically they
are the best regular-season team in NBA
history took advantage of it and they
earned their spot in the finals that
night bug Lee I'm gonna put you in the
garage and Logano he doesn't have the
energy to run away student has been fine
just one head tilt for the vlog Bosley
way dad you have to let go do you want
to go in the car oh no you want me to
put the leash on and then you go for a
walk to the park on guys Bosley's been
so tense recently can someone donate
their dog just so Bosley can lose his
virginity and then take him away because
he's just been so like so like like that
he just need to relax
Bosley I'll find you a dog but what
squad will bring their girl dog over you
could have her for the night
she'll be on birth control and you you
deal with that later hey hey guys you
know Bosley actually went on my bed for
only the second time in his career so
you know how they say like Oh LeBron
James for the second time it's queryable
blah blah blah or Oh Devin Booker for
the second time ball ball well here's a
stat for the second time in Bosley's
career he went on my bed he got on my
bed and why do you think now I have new
bed sheets whatever a new blanket and we
took the
where'd you put the pill where'd you put
the pillow that Bosley went on we
literally had to terminate we had to
terminate my whole bed because this dog
is dirty
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling your the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
you say
buzzer you want to go ghost hunting guys
on the track ghost hunting too bad I'm a
pussy so I'm not gonna do it but I am
what I eat so I'm a pussy and asshole
I'm just joking don't fucking hmm
prediction glasses yo bruh wadis hey man
what's up yeah long time no see how you
been I know I'm good how about you oh
I'm great man a long time no see yeah so
who you got in the finals Cavs are
warriors uh-uh
my prediction glasses are on but this is
too hard of a decision so I'm not going
to make my prediction yet but I will
have a prediction before the finals
start guys why am i so hyper it's
literally 1:00 in the morning I need to
go to sleep
um I tweeted I was like I was like if I
fall asleep early tonight then I can go
to the gym early volleyball whatever and
I tweeted that out like 1:00 in the
morning and people were like bro what do
you mean if you fall asleep early 31 in
the morning and what people don't
understand with my crazy sleep schedule
my sleep pattern any time I fall asleep
before 1 a.m. or like at 1:00 a.m. I'm
so thankful to me that's considered
early like my sleep schedule so fucked
up some night I sleep at like 5 or 6 in
the morning that any time I fall asleep
at 1 a.m. or before I'm so happy like to
me that's early as bad as that is and as
terrible as it sounds that's the truth
to me Oh guys here's look at this
so my retainers were lost for over a
month I didn't know where they were for
over a month
I found them yesterday behind my bed
okay clean them out all right clean them
well just on the floor but it's fine
it's not like my floor has Bosley's piss
on it or anything but look so I finally
the most I had gone without wearing my
retainers before I lost them was three
days straight three days and when I go
three days straight without wearing them
they hurt so bad and they feel so tight
when I put them in let's try to put them
in after not wearing them for over a
month
I tried yesterday they completely did
not fit okay so here's a lower one nope
Wow uh-huh
fuck so after you get your braces off
when the orthodontist says oh hey let me
give you a little reenactment Oh Brandon
so here are your retainers and just make
sure you wear them every single night
because your teeth can move and I say
doc you silly bitch I just wore braces
for like over two years would mean my
teeth can move just from a few nights of
not wearing retainers and he says I know
Brandon I know it's silly but trust me
that's what happens and in my head I say
oh fuck you my teeth aren't going to
move just from like a month of not
wearing retainers I've had my braces on
for years and years
no listen to your orthodontist because
even though I didn't do it purposely
they were lost now I need to go back get
my fucking teeth you know the mold that
they know I hate that shit and not to go
get them reshaped by new retainers guys
it's just if there's a one lesson I want
to give from my over one year of doing
YouTube 300 videos almost 700 thousand
subscribers if I had to say one thing
one lesson square foot containers please
swear your retainers okay but listen
y'all let me tell you a quick little
story so I don't like to shave my
armpits B but I just rather have them
clean trimmed not shaved but just trim
and that's because I'm Middle Eastern so
we're very hairy my armpits get really
hairy so today you know I'm trying to
trim them right the fucking Clipper of
the trimmer breaks so I end up just just
look at this guys look what the fuck is
this just look look at this I ruined my
whole fucking armpits wait let me check
see the top of the trimmer broke I don't
know how so I had to straight up just
try to shave it and I don't know guys
but this happened now my armpits are
ruined now I can't be like Devin Booker
cuz his are so nicely shaved alright
guys so I hope you enjoyed this
you even gonna call it I don't know what
you want to call it but I hope whatever
it was you enjoyed it on tomorrow or I
should say today while you guys are
watching this I'm a hop-on periscope so
follow me on periscope my periscope is
oh it's Brandon Award it's my full name
so follow me on periscope a pin and the
what is hop on periscope today um guys
you know I'm not willing to promote
myself on social media like you know I
don't really care about forwards or
anything like that I don't care about
likes or anything but like I said I'm
not trying to promote myself like I
don't do that but anyways my links are
in the description below follow your boy
on Twitter snapchat Instagram I'm so
active on all social media so try to get
at me on that links are in the
description below like I said and
because I still haven't bought myself a
watch
still I went to the mall again today and
I just couldn't decide I've nailed it to
like three or four choices I tweeted out
the pictures um I've gone shop watching
again haha watch shopping shop watching
same shit
it's wake up edit this video go to the
gym play lunchtime basketball did
anyways guys for wat squad thank you so
much for watching this video like I said
I don't know what the hell this video
was it was just honestly what the hell
bro waters does that night shout-out to
you guys
shoutout to everybody watching this
video shoutout to everybody dropping the
like that shoutout to everybody
subscribed after this video shout out to
every shout - shout out shout out and I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and for
wat squad much love Oh guys also really
quick before I go I did actually get the
worst possibly the worst news of my life
today um I don't know how to say this
you guys I must grab a seat but I didn't
get the worst news of my life um like I
didn't even want to tell my mom or dad I
didn't tell my brother um
and I don't quite frankly I don't know
how to deal with this but like okay I
don't know how people tell their bad
news on camera without tearing up like I
feel super I don't know what's going
through my head right now and I don't
know like what emotions I'm going
through but here it'll just be easy to
just spit it out okay so I I got like a
text earlier today from Jackie and you
know like I didn't want to believe it I
just I didn't want to let myself believe
it um I wasn't prepared for this text
like I wasn't prepared to hear this news
especially not today like not Game seven
of Western Conference Finals you know
not the Dallas playing I'm buying my
watch I just wasn't ready to hear this
and so we kind of discussed it when she
came over and she let me just tell you
guys what it was like
plain and simple my girlfriend got her
period like she did she she did and I'm
just like you know what babe I love you
but uh peace see you next week
I'm just joking guys you know I'm fuckin
whipped you know I love my girl you know
I'm not like that I fucking gutter on my
bed massage her back you know I'll be at
her house tomorrow with some chocolates
you know I'll be there over there with
their favorite food this is the time you
gotta care for your girl most but uh man
of some depressing news I'm counting
down the day six more days six more
actually maybe five because some days
it's only 60 sometimes so sometimes it
only lasts five days sometimes it only
lasts five days oh my god I'm so fucking
happy
but countdown begins one day is gone
your boy survived the first day of his
girl your boy survived the first day and
that's all that matters guys anyways I
want to edit some of this video right
now so I can have more time to go to gym
tomorrow I love you guys all thank you
so much for watching thank you so much
for your support and from you guys much
love for wat squad guys so I'm like
editing this video and the more I edit
the more that I watch from it I'm so
fucking annoying
I'm so fucking annoying like who the
hell do I think I am it's it's midnight
almost 1:00 in the morning and I'm
standing here with a camera over my face
oh yeah guys yeah and I'm whistling
theme songs and I'm I talk so fucking
much I literally talk so much I made it
this long of a video just from me
literally talking to myself downstairs
for for literally a nap I'm so fucking
annoying how do you guys watch me I dude
I talk so much anyways guys yes I'm
gonna finish editing this video you know
so guys so like I know I don't rap or
anything like I don't drop music or you
know I'm not a rapper but you know I
took this picture the other day at this
mirror picture and I just realized that
if I ever did come out with a mixtape my
covers already set look at this bitch is
this not a cover of a mix this is views
from the bathtub right here this is a
this is my mitt whenever I come out with
a mixtape whenever I decide to be a
rapper but I'm not a rapper the
I have my cover look at these
it's literally true a.m. now and I just
finished taking a piss but I forgot to
do one with slink deep song you know
when they're showing the highlights on
SportsCenter and they go oh shit I
remember as a kid I read that whistling
at and I can bring ghosts so oh there
Lou you're fucking sorry please don't
come
