I got this so Brian I'll just set it up
in the kitchen table then I'll call you
when it's done okay guys so I'm show you
a deal so Brian's upstairs right now
he's like thinking of a video idea to
make first channel and I said I said
let's do a food challenge for my channel
food challenge which is pretty much who
ever can eat the food the fastest we're
going to be doing best two out of three
and for the third round it's going to be
a hot cocoa whoever can drink the hot
cocoa the glasses I'm gonna purposely
let it get to the third round and I'm
gonna bring my it's hot cocoa so just
watch this he thinks I'm setting it up
right now you know just watch this just
know that I'm gonna purposely let it get
to round three which means I'm not going
to let it go to oh and then in round
three when I just
because we were going to do it here but
we're moving it outside we're moving the
stuff outside we were going to do it
here but moving it outside mom can you
please bring the water bottles yeah can
I just watch the table yeah what's going
down
so you can eat these the fastest okay
guys we're doing a who can eat food
challenge the fastest umm we're starting
round one with what should we start with
a banana or fruit by the dick this is a
banana
okay so first we're gonna try to eat a
banana we're gonna learn this though
because I love fruit by the foot
not only that buying my teeth your teeth
yeah but you're used to like that but
wait guys so yeah so first we're gonna
eat the banana whoever eats the fastest
gets one point then we're gonna eat the
fruit by the foot it's first one to win
two points so if we finish these two
would often move to the hall Coco round
three is we're gonna we have boiling
water right now and round three we're
gonna have to get the cup of hot cocoa
right away without waiting and whoever
drinks it fastest wins we're really
without waiting without waiting well you
can wait but you're gonna lose so uh
yeah let's start this
okay wait that good
I'm really happy on cuz I love the kids
today prize making the trip to Cannes
okay okay we're starting with the oh my
gosh well I hate to sit on the shoulders
like Bosley's piss-stained okay okay
okay what the hell so star on the back a
we can unveil it first look at that
eating only the lighting shape that's
bananas haha oh good I getting my banana
he is not reversed
wait okay not look like a dolphin
yeah okay ready
we
oh there's how my daddy's regular
the hello you
oh yeah
Oh God fine big baby okay I'm just
encouraging you but round one goes to me
what I say I'm gonna eating bananas
okay round one goes to Brian who this so
retarded are you not eating for round
two you actually die from the show I
know the man is I and we can start why
did you get strawberry it's that's the
only one that happens okay hold on yeah
we're ready
a far reach out and pool I can pull all
back little cloud pull the thing I like
when I eat top ramen the company know
that I do that okay thanks for the
fucking caffeine Wow I'll go do the hug
okay guys I'm gonna make the hot cocoa
book really quick this is why I move the
challenge because if we were sitting
inside how would I bring okay so you
press this down and you press that the
water is already done it's boiled okay
okay see the hot cocoa coming in
ah
yeah hey why'd you put Tabasco fucking
caught trying to bring pride I'm so mad
brennick the hell is wrong with you
that was yours right yeah this wasn't
mine
were you trying to prank me no this is
for both of us
what do you mean it's local to us no
like now I'm putting mine with the
Tabasco boy take that out take it off
pinin age you hey you I'm not doing this
why no we're doing regular hot coat okay
fine we'll share when I will split it
and share one water of this and more
likes do I have are we gonna be used to
that
no we're not using Tabasco we're not
about oh I'm gonna make this regular
then we're gonna split it he thought you
can trade it or I wasn't up weather
why'd you come inside no I'm actually
just wondering I don't know I don't want
to be outside overnight and I didn't
know how to do the machine guys okay
here make sure
why it looks like it's more since you
tried to trick me get there's gonna be
bad oh my god I might die before I get
too cold hot hot and cold you're
literally trying to kill me with this
challenge
don't blow don't go in it cheater I'm
good at doing that too cheater
Hey you did the whole way here okay I
started I started it right there really
wait my tooth actually heard it's okay
hurry you're letting you get cool ready
set
hey drinking ah yo can we blow on it
yeah
it's still on hey you can't spit it out
on a straight out huh
clean up for the water in there no
you're gonna win this one well
you know what fuck the challenge we're
all gonna trip ball gonna drag this in
one set both of us ready and it say
ready in coming out about anything then
go
ready take them possible how about we
pour some of this in there okay go
last year but
ah there's my hurry cow am I going to
eat you ah
as if my break I wasn't bad enough I'm
here eating fruit by the foot chocolate
fucking how long I lost you are I give
up I just want to prank Brian and I met
and I feel ha ha you can't prank the
prankster except for when you bring my
easy that was dogs a piggyback guys I
fucking shit myself when I came what I
heard wrong face you're like foot is in
Vasko what the hell are you doing fuck
if I just put the salt and not the
two-bathroom I would have got away with
a salt and pepper
yes see he didn't even see that but
Brian just wants it for the video please
you think this that you was good fuck if
I just didn't do the Tabasco I would've
pranked in find out planning this ever
since I took my shower yeah guys bar I
can't prank in a prank house anymore
ah Wow
got my tongue is so big no you take the
fucking sin
okay guys the challenge is over I failed
the prank it would have been hilarious
at least I can't say my pranks are fake
it was they got up in my O'Brien grandma
badge that in any day walk these pertain
and see a breath like yeah guys I hope
you enjoyed this video the hot cocoa is
still fucking burning out and we went to
go you know go clean up out the other
gotta go clean up
alright I got it I'm out
