I got this alright bro watch watch so
Brandon here aka bruh wadis and I'm here
to kind of explain what this video is
going to be because you might be
confused with the thumbnail and title I
know don't worry
so today's May 29th right what was
exactly eight months ago today exactly
eight months ago today was September
29th why is that day important because
on September 29th 2015 me and my
beautiful girlfriend Jackie hung out for
the first time ever for the first time
in our lives we were together in the
same place we hung out for the first
time we had conversation for the first
time September 29 2015 8 months ago
today why is that important because two
and a half months or two months in a
week after that on December 5th 2015 I
finally grew the huevos to ask my
girlfriend out we were dating way before
that but I just I couldn't like I could
I finally made her my girlfriend on
December 5th why is that day important
because on December 5th
there is no Valen YouTube called me
after my girlfriend out there's no vlog
on YouTube bruh wadis ass Jackie out
there's no vlog called I'm a termite
there's no there's no video uploaded to
YouTube
me and Jackie that day I have a video of
the day I asked her out and for multiple
reasons that video will not be uploaded
to YouTube it is on my computer is right
here it is on a hard drive and it is for
me and Jackie to watch and nobody else
nobody else has seen it nobody else will
ever see it and I will never upload it
to YouTube now why is that important
because you guys are brats quad you guys
are my subscribers you see me and Jackie
together all the time you know that's my
girlfriend it is fair to you guys to
have a video up of me asking Jackie out
to be my girlfriend it's not fair that
me and Jackie made a private video for
ourselves to watch over and over of the
cember phase of the day astral and you
guys not to have anything sauce thing
about it the other day I was like you
know baby that's not fair like we get
the video I recorded a it was a long
video like I said for multiple reasons
it is is just for me and Jackie's eyes
it will not be uploaded to YouTube or
will not be uploaded anywhere um saw
Stella talk to her the other day I said
babe it's not fair to my subscribers
like they have zero footage of me asking
you to be my girlfriend and they all
wonder how you do it when did you do it
so I talked about it with her and I said
babe I'm asked you out for a second time
I'm gonna make my girlfriend a second
time for the bruh wat squad they deserve
a video okay and we agreed on a date
June 5th that's when I was gonna ask her
out you know she was gonna dress up
we're gonna go out and I was gonna
answer to my girlfriend I was gonna make
a video about it and I was gonna upload
it Y June 5th because that would be our
six-month anniversary from the day I
asked her out little does she know today
is the day I'm going to ask her out she
does not know she thinks you know I'm
picking her up on June 5th she's gonna
be all dressed up we're gonna be making
a video for you guys i'ma ask her out
like she thinks that little does she
know I'm choosing today today she's
gonna come over what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna play our private video no not on
camera just for her and then imma leave
the room and walk in with flowers and
something that I bought her which you
guys will see later this video and I'm
gonna surprise her I'm say babe will you
be my girlfriend again guys she's gonna
be really surprised because she thinks
that you know since I'm just asking her
out for a video she's already my
girlfriend obviously I'm not really
asking her to be my girlfriend um we
agreed she made me promise that I won't
buy her any gifts I won't buy her
flowers I won't buy her anything else
little does she's gonna flip out when
she sees not just the flowers ball so
the other gift that I got her Bhama just
say that this is for our six-month
anniversary so that's why I did it Baba
but yeah she thinks I'm just like oh
babe do you want to be my girlfriend
again we were doing that little does she
know and little does she know it's gonna
be today but on top of that little does
she know what I'm a walking with just
surprise her with and so um again like I
said
eight months ago we've been dating for
we've been dating for more than six
months but but eight months ago I mean
but six months ago when I finally grew
the fucking I finally grew the balls of
steel to ask her to be my girlfriend but
we were already dating way before that
we were like calling each other babe
holding hands kissing you know like like
you know you know so that was already
going on ever since way before so but
yeah like I said remember that day
September 29th
today's May 29th so eight months from
the first day me and Jackie ever hung
out from the first day I ever picked her
up we went to Jamba Juice that day and
then we sat my car for six hours before
I had any vlogs up on YouTube any before
I had any videos up on YouTube when I
was just I wasn't even bro honest I was
just the Brandon of Watters who worked
at the grocery store down the street
pushing carts when me and Jackie just
hung out eight months ago today I'm
asked her to be my girlfriend again 8
months later and you're asking why are
you doing this I'm doing it for you guys
because like I said there's a video for
me and Jackie to see and that's not fair
I want to make a video for you guys to
me asking Jackie out so it's going to be
a surprise to Jackie of me asking around
today and this is also my surprise to
you guys you guys do have a video now of
me asking Jackie to be my girlfriend so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
come join me on my journey to ask Jackie
out I guess so let's go guys
okay so who remembers the vlog last week
when I took Jackie to the mall with me
guys I don't know why the helm was
spring it's just more suspense for the
video so remember last week when I took
Jackie to the mall with me I asked I
said oh can you help me pick out a watch
and she said yeah we wouldn't go in to
pick out a watch for me I kept trying to
hint it out if I kept saying oh baby
would you wear that watch would you wear
that watch and she would be like yeah
but we're not going shopping for me like
like we're going shopping for you so
let's look at yours and I'd be like yeah
I know I was I kept trying to hint it
out of her which watches she liked
because um that's what I was gonna
surprise me with so just watch this
guy's you're gonna watch you should get
one way
she wants me to flex she said if you got
a watch muzzle get a huge one how these
more pricey whichever you want but if
you get a silver one it's styled like
that one is spot ok which one would you
like for me that one which one would you
wear I can see where yeah I can see you
waiting and that one over
no it's cute I like I like dog it's not
nice what about that one with the peace
guys so remember the vlog where I
brought Jackie with me to help me look
for a watch and I was trying to hint it
out of her I was like oh babe which one
would you wear and then I'd contradict
that with oh why am I even asking you
were here for me not for you but I would
try to get it out of her because our
six-month anniversary is coming up so I
wanted to get her a watch that she likes
cuz she loves watches but she's super
picky she's super picky and so I wanted
to get her a watch like a surprise but I
didn't know which one she would like so
I finally got it out of her and she
likes these ones she likes like one of
the ones in the back like like the rose
gold silver ones right here so yeah I'd
ask her and she'd be like babe are you
asking me we're here for you not for me
like don't worry about what I like and
then oh and she even said this she was
like oh maybe if I save up three
paychecks then I can maybe get one and I
was like yeah uh-huh she's like yeah
then if you get one and I can save up my
paychecks and I get one we can match
like a his-and-hers and I was like okay
babe but she doesn't know I'm planning
on getting one for our six-month
anniversary and I'm kind of here
checking the mouth for her okay guys so
shop watching for Jackie was going
really well like looking at them was
going really well and then we got to the
price part of things and so yeah we're
so deciding right now let me show you
the choices well look at that one on the
bottom
ACS got the juice holy shit look at me
watches they hand look the lovely
workout Macy's
yeah I told her I don't want to buy
Jackie one that's you know like like a
five fun watch and she said she said
everybody needs a fine watch
she said this she said this one doesn't
even have crystal I said it's not for me
it's for my girlfriend it doesn't matter
what happens okay guys so I decided to
get Jackie this one right here for our
engine
Navarro sign mohanam I don't know I like
it rose gold I think it was fitting that
I need some water to swallow the
products game yeah I told the worker
that the lovely worker that helped me I
told her at least now I know Jackie can
break a couple new 4s some water to
swallow the price now we could buy it
close
I know
love ya not what if it was like I would
be maybe the Nixon or like the G
actually the G shocked if I just liked
it what I loved her so so funny I don't
know why okay that's it you really well
actually it's a little big
yeah it is I would take out one night
for you okay so guys we're gonna shape
it to my wrist so that Jackie does they
come we had to keep it for myself maybe
it's the one I'm dating no I don't think
so she's a little out of your age so I
just got Jackie our anniversary or her
anniversary gift from me and I I didn't
end up getting myself anything all the
comments down below
grow he's whipped he's whipped or it's
called you love somebody how about that
yeah if you were if you were getting
puss like I'm just joking but no yeah
everyone's and say dude he's so whipped
oh my god or it's called you love
somebody so from the generosity of your
heart you just like to go out and do
stuff for them may it could be that but
of course I'm an old pussy got you long
thing about maybe it is that way if this
doesn't explain the type of person that
I am I don't know what what will you
know and I never treat myself so I
finally came here to treat myself and I
ended up getting Jackie an anniversary
gift and I ended up getting myself
nothing I just remembered I thought
deeply and I remembered which was Jackie
liked and chef this way
okay guys so Jackie's in my room right
now and fucking I need an excuse to go
get the flowers excited by the flowers
yet I don't know why I did it and so I'm
gonna try to tell her that I left my
credit card at Anthony's house and I
need to go pick it up right now because
I need to buy something online so I'm
gonna leave her at home by at my house
by herself watching the Warriors and
thunder meanwhile I go get the flowers
really quick are you stressed she's
stressed she said Golden State's playing
bad like I'm not gonna get down so I
bring it out from but don't fall asleep
it's about to meet halftime that I'm
saying don't fall why doesn't know so
cold so she has no idea she thinks I'm
going to Anthony's house to pick up my
debit card that I like fair which I
didn't in reality I'm going to go buy
her flowers while I'm out gonna get her
flowers and we're gonna go back wait
we're gonna ask my girlfriend out for a
second time for you guys so stay tuned I
just arrived to bond oh shit I just
missed a parking spot fuck me folks so
while I was out buying the flowers at
Vaughn's I met two huge fans he's
holding the flowers I just bought oh
shit okay saved oh my gosh
say your name say your name my name is
Enzo Mason he's from Arizona
he's from over here so uh prediction
time everyone's predicting like warriors
or thunder I want you to predict this
Jackie gonna say yes or no I feel yes
absolutely yes hi imagine she said no
I'm gonna say too bad babe how the hell
am I supposed to drive I came and reach
over this steering wheel
ah okay hold on guys fuck flowers okay
wait
first of all who made flowers so
expensive they grow on earth they should
be free way honestly fuck how do i okay
hold on some hold on let me show you a
little sorry but some my gosh you
already know how to pick up some
pineapple on the side you know what's
finna go down after this celebration you
know it's gonna go down it's going to
happen so I picked up some pineapple
wink wink
anyways fuck how much was okay so a
plans a plan like I said months ago when
I asked Jackie out almost six months ago
we made a video it was a private video
no I will not upload it and no it's not
for anybody to see except for me and
Jackie so I owe it to you guys I owe it
to the broad squad to give you another
video of me asking Jackie out so that's
my surprise to you guys and then my
surprise to Jackie is me asking her out
again so everyone gets surprised but
anyways yeah I gotta go now
do not try this at home please do not
try or should i say do not try this in
your car I can barely even reach the
steering wheel look death smell good
though can't deny that would you focus
on my face
anyways yeah guys do not try this at
home
all the guys klay Thompson is better
than Michael Jordan I don't care don't
debate me do you see I'm serious did you
see that he's better than Michael Jordan
luck is not on my side so I used the
excuse when I went to go get Jackie
flowers I was like oh I'm gonna go to go
get my debit card I left it at Anthony
house he's gonna give it to me really
quick I come back Anthony got my hats
and Jackie goes babe
Anthony's over here and I was like oh
yeah he wasn't home so I just got it
from his little sister Stephanie okay
guys so she's in my room watching the
video
I like babe we haven't watched this in a
long time she thinks I'm watching my
pitcher and I said okay keep watching as
well I wash my face I'm gonna put the
watch on one of the flowers it's like
I'm marrying her the ring
okay so go watch it right there right
there okay babe wait pause I want to
watch what is this babe well I says
heaven ii remember the first video we
recorded wooden we didn't get the short
fans when i asked you up so I said I was
gonna ask y'all again for the broad
squad I told you you wouldn't know which
day wow so you tricked me
this whole day when I said I went to go
pick up my card from Anthony listen hold
on hold on yeah hold on and then Anthony
came here and I was like full of course
Anthony comes here and I was like wait
what am I saying
I went to Vaughn's and got your flowers
wait wait I saw the after up I was gonna
say I'll do a different off-camera with
his on for camera are you getting on
your knees off-camera um oh okay think
about right now somewhere in the world
it's 1249 meaning a new day right mm-hmm
okay what days that may 30 no may 29
okay and what happened September tweeted
what was that
what I'm gonna wait till June 5th to ask
you out again
but I'm very impatient so May 29th
because 8 months ago today the first
time we ever hung out and the reason I I
did it the first time everyone out
because the first time we hung out I
just felt something you did too so from
that you have September 29th when I had
that in the car when I had zero blogs
uploaded on YouTube when I had a job
working at Albertson's when I had when I
had a normal life with like 500
followers and I was not bro wadis we
hung out for the first time ever we
signed my car for hours and hours and
hours and from then I already knew that
she was the one so for the second time
in my life and last because had some um
be getting on my knees ask you to be my
wife but for the second time in my life
eight months after the first time I hung
out with the love of my life mask you
really had the flowers that's why you
didn't yeah she was asking to go to go
out ok stop ruining it I'm asking you to
be my girlfriend huh
she said here's god she's gonna get me
now I have to do a real proposal
off-camera so oh wait oh wait I want to
get a different route why you know my
sister no it's too did it's not guys um
every time he gives me flowers
my mom's boyfriend put this spray on
them so because some of them don't
blossom yet oh my god shut up no way
there's no way when did you get it
don't worry about one babe are you
serious
the King roll babe I used to Ariel come
on babe
babe take one more link oh no I'm like a
shock right now
no way when did you go don't piss on you
don't believe I know so she said yes so
now she's my girlfriend and you guys
have a video
muli baby
gold digger confirmed she forced me to
buy the watch for her I'm just joking
she honestly day we don't that bigger
than eight months of us hanging out you
being my new girlfriend for the second
time and our six-month anniversary
coming up in exactly a week June 5th I
love you to lose you know what yeah we
need to do we need to shrink it by 1 how
nice this is
okay guys now I have to do a real
proposal baby so Janine off camera 1
similar watch Matt and I'm eloping and
she said I played her whole life ever
since yes I literally got here and like
we were being like it wasn't weird but
it was like because I was nervous and I
didn't have the flowers and I didn't
know how I was gonna give it to you I
was sensing something and then like I
didn't say anything so she thought we
were in a fight and I was like why over
what I just oh you're fighting yeah no
and I played you a couple of days ago
and I was like oh let's go to the mall
to pick out a watch for me I knew I you
know what I remember
Lulu calling me older I was literally
trying to think what I did for you to
put what you did to fight like what I
did to that would cause the fight I was
thinking the whole time that he was at
Anthony's house and on my way the phone
is Anthony here I know I come home and
I'm like ah of course
Anthony's dumb ass fuck boy asses over
here like oh no so anyways guys to close
this video out
dinner why so like I said I I have two
boyfriends
I have Brandon and Brody I had Brandon
and December fists and now I have robot
so yeah like I said September 29th first
time we ever hung out eight months ago I
wasn't even for wallets I was just some
kid I'll just something that just knew
of Jackie and she knew of Brandon Oh
Wallace we hung out one time and I'm the
funny part is I kid you not
ever since September 29 you know how
like you hang out with someone for the
first time and then like a week later
you'll hit them up and hang out again or
like another two weeks later or a couple
days later like the time we ain't four
years like yeah we literally from
September 29th we hung out the next day
the day after that the day after that
the day after that and in my another
like wait this is weird like our first
time everything hang out and I already
felt something there like I already felt
something and she did too so like we
just kept hanging out and we would like
our first day everything out we were
with each other for like eight hours and
our second dating yeah we went to the
beach to like I don't know how I kept
talking to him after he made me eat
skunk whew I made it the frit day we
every Monday we hung out with him for
like two hours houses I called her and
Jackie how weird is this I was like
Jackie do you want to try this like a
name is babe Oh Jackie what is that and
then he makes me try one of them the
girls this thing I've ever tried so yes
no chaser or anything
no chance there for that so yeah like
what I'm trying to say is we literally
felt something we had a thing ever since
the first day we hung out like normally
I'm telling you someone hangs out for
the first time than like a weekly they
might text and exhales better no we were
like like I'm telling you this from
September 29th til today May 29th eight
months four days we haven't seen each
other only four days have gone where we
have not seen each other for a break no
because like we wanted yeah not because
I want to like our schedules are really
yeah so like what I'm trying to say is
you never know what could happen someone
you like or someone you don't even know
you hang out one time and so for
everyone who for everyone who refers to
her as mrs. gold digger which sometimes
I wanted to be a gold digger will go out
to eat it and I'm like okay you know I'm
trying to be a gentleman I'll pull out
my card and she's like they know and she
pulls out her wallet I'm just like babe
hello I go dig me like don't you see the
comment but no for those who call her
gold digger zero vlogs up I'm living
under my parents roof working at a
grocery store so yeah I mean I guess
that's the way to go dig a teenager
working at a grocery store living with
his parents
Yeah right babe she was with me from
subscriber number one when I first
started YouTube or maybe I had like my
NBA show or whatever so here's our dates
I guess September 29th was the first
time we ever hung out December 5th is
like you know the thing like down here I
finally grew some and I finally asked
her out
thank you about something else well okay
yeah like stop being a nervous like I
finally asked her out on December 5th
and then I guess you can say we started
dating in like October that's when we
started dating yeah like middle know
like middle of October is the first time
we kiss first time she called me babe
first time she called me daddy first
time like first time for everything
it's literally been like yeah and ever
since the first day we hung out all like
babes know talking to guys pull your
shirt up dough I'm just joking I didn't
shoot fucking no I did it I have you
don't have to play the good guy roles I
go you know like yeah I'm not crazy at
all like you know just until you get
them on like trapped and then you're
like knowing there's no that none of
that you were latina you couldn't get
away with not being crazy you couldn't
get high to all you want I still knew
down below that I was messing with a
beast
hi I'm abhi AHA beast but wait I have
one more gift
small one no it's a small one like it
was like two dollars actually their
heart attack i time to get it a thing
more important than the watch and the
flowers right here you already know it
don't go down without the pineapple so
but yeah guys our whole journey was
crazy like when i say it's cliche to say
love at first sight but like I've hung
out with people for my first time and
you don't feel anything
when I hung out with Jackie when she
hung out with me I don't want to say
love at first sight but there was
definitely a feeling from both sides
from the first time first time my stove
so you buy me a gift so I can give you
your pineapple we need it don't find
those boys just pineapple and just fruit
but I told them we like there was
definitely a feeling like right away
like I just you think the first time I
ever hung out there would be for like
sitting in my car for like six or seven
hours if I didn't feel like Baba so the
moral of the story is well the soy sad
for who you want go just take fairness
take the risk and you never know what
could happen and also moral of the story
is do not go into something oh I need a
girlfriend I'm gonna make this girl my
girlfriend no we literally just hung out
and we both felt like it just clicked
also okay your self a boyfriend that
lets you eat whatever you want because
things that you told me what's in name
the right thing popcorn and now my god
probably my flowers she's gonna eat the
flowers next okay guys we're gonna go I
hope you enjoyed this video
once again I did this for you guys she
was already my girlfriend I had already
asked her our December 5th but it wasn't
fair for you guys to be watching a
couple on YouTube every single day and
not have a video all of you
shoutout to bruh wat squad so yeah
moral of the story is go for what you
want because you never know what could
happen and thankfully for me it worked
out for the best
thankfully for her ex yes yeah
thankfully you'll see our wedding like i
hate's got a video me when I'm like
popping the baby out posting a boy
because like I can already see the vlog
in what like three months first baby
broad well I mean three years nothing
months nine months from tonight I'm just
joking you imagine where what month is
it almost June imagine on fucking March
2017 hey I remember the vlog where they
ended it and and it was after he asked
her out okay guys we're gonna go now I
hope you enjoyed this video and reward
spot much love peace out so you can have
it off watch me whip it off
I'll dominated you got me feeling how
the love people when it's going down
know that we gonna be dog jump shot
