got this what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bro wadis and today I
bring you guys a Q&A now before you go
all dude you know we already know
everything about you nah man we got in
the past couple months we've gone three
four hundred thousand new subscribers
and I haven't done a Q&A in a few months
so we're gonna we're gonna give these
subscribers a QA those newer ones and I
think those older subscribers you might
want to say with me because this is
going to be a funny video we're gonna
start this video off of the bangers
straight-up someone asks Abra waters do
you jack off sorry for being so straight
up dollar question you know when you got
yourself a Jackie and you know she's
over every single day like you know
there's just no like what there's no
need but you know umbra wat is you know
what I'm known for keeping it real I
keep it real that's what I do so you
know what do you jack off yes I do jack
off yes I confront and be like I got a
girlfriend bro I don't jack off
ball-ball do I do it every single day no
maybe not you know I don't let's just go
to the next question okay this question
bro what is what is your favorite drink
I got I love a green apple crown I love
fucking Hany more fucking gray goo oh
shit
I'm not even 21 oh I mean I love water
Canada Dry I love those drinks so water
and Canada those are my favorite drinks
art bro bodies are these hos loyal let
me see how do I answer this no no that's
why you get yourself a Jackie because
these hoes are not loyal so get yourself
a Jackie and you don't have to worry
about these hoes being loyal
anyways bro Wallace do you think you
have reached success already
I don't believe I know no I don't think
that I know I haven't reached success if
you ever have a mindset of where you
think you've already reached success
I've my opinion that's when everything
starts going downhill you got to always
be hungry
well forgot to wear my chain
so after I'm stressed i'ma go get my
chain you got to always be hungry you
got to always strive for more and I
don't believe in to myself oh I've
already made it I'm done trying no I
don't believe in that I really do not
believe in that let me go get my chain
really quick ah now this is Broadus with
the fake chain I got this probably 20
bucks from fan Mart fits nice are you
going to get another tattoo ask for what
is uh how about we just asked my mom
really quick I'm getting another tattoo
that's a good question they said like
bruh wadis is he going to get any more
tattoos
how is fill-in all I mean how we still
know it's called y es o ys anele ya know
maybe not I mean it's up to him but I
don't think so okay well as you see my
mom is not a very big I'm like you know
believer in tattoos but I honestly I do
want another tattoo but I don't want to
just get anything just because I want
one I want to think of something that
means something to me and something that
something that I really truly would want
on my body for the rest of my life but
yes I do plan on getting another tattoo
and I do plan on getting one soon do you
eat the booty listen guys what is this
question every time I hope on periscope
every time I'm on Twitter my Instagram
comments do you EBU t do you booty Duty
booty you motherfuckers you guys are
scaring me your try starting to make me
think that like some video of me got
leaked of you know some shit like and
I'm just like I'm not gonna answer that
like now let's just say I'm do you eat
the booty um let's just say Jackie I uh
I like Jackie from head to toe like you
know
I'm in joking I'm not gonna answer that
guys I'm not going to answer that
question I get it every single day and
my answer is why would I listen next
question
meet the booty do you plan on making
YouTube a full-time job after college or
do something else okay I've gone this
question in a bunch of different forms
what do you plan on doing um after
college I mean you're still going to
school for a reason does that mean you
don't see YouTube as full-time no listen
to this
I believe in following your dreams no
matter how successful you get at doing
something else so no matter how
successful I get doing YouTube no matter
what my upload Street gets to no matter
if I ever reach five million subs or
whatever my dream ever since I was a kid
was to work for the Phoenix Suns as a
journalist and a reporter a broadcaster
that's why I'm going to school do I want
to do YouTube full-time yes am i doing
YouTube full-time right now yes but
whether I'm 80 years old 60 years old
whether I do it just one time in my life
I want to have that degree just so I can
work for the Sun like I said whether
it's for one day one year and do I ever
plan on stop making YouTube videos no
YouTube is my like I love making YouTube
videos for you guys and I'm never gonna
stop that but no matter what I still
want to experience working for the Suns
no matter what that's why I'm still
going to school because I believe in
chasing your dreams and that was my
dream ever since I was a kid and even if
I do get that job I wouldn't stop doing
YouTube have you ever thought of moving
out I actually this has crossed my mind
more than once in the past couple months
and I'm not saying I'm gonna be doing it
soon but let's just say that I wouldn't
be surprised if I had my own place by
the end of this year don't count on it
don't count on it cuz nothing's official
I mean how could I leave this room guys
this has Phoenix Suns draped all over it
I know a lot of people are like bro
you're over 18 years old I just moved
out like blah blah there's more to it
first of all there's the part that I'm
Middle Eastern its Middle Eastern
culture you do not move out this early
no matter you're 2021 it's just I don't
have to explain myself it's Middle
Eastern culture second it's the hard
part about it like
are you ready to leave your family like
my family is not pressuring me to leave
then I they don't even want me to move
out do you want them like I love living
with my family I love waking up seeing
my mom and dad then there's also the
other part of your heart where I've
lived in this house like my whole life
over 15 years I've lived in the same
house like there's a lot of factors to
moving out but all in all yes I am
thinking about it there's also the money
like you'll be paying for 10 million
times more than things that you're
paying for when you're living over here
so there's a lot of factors to it but
yes I am thinking about it
this question says what would mama rug
do if she caught you picking up drugs
off of rug well why would I answer that
question when I could just show you what
she's gonna do
oh wait wait since I'm gonna be standing
up and doing a skit look I actually have
to change haha I bet no one knew that
gotta see she's on deck first of all man
motherfucker be dry all the time so
check these on
huh
hey homie Alex I brought you on deck or
what
hell yeah man was over it with
everything man you know what I need you
know me I got that I got it all got it I
brother out yeah bullshit man I'll be
there in a couple minutes I'll be there
be ready i but i but I so yeah so we got
the good news first he's on so uh let's
go pick up some what's not to pick up
let's go are you doing a first man all
day nah
ketta elves I want the ills and barbs in
the scissor fuck off man and pump the
free books going in the middle well I
see you coming all that money lingo fuck
my man come on man just a little thing
going up all right man you see in the
new play loads man I love Joe's shit
what oh my bad ah hey did you wait so
can I still get the drug yeah what was
your very first job and the reason why
you got fire equip my very first job I
was like 16 or 17 years old I know I
think I was 16 at Subway
but one time I just fucking I've had
enough and I left - no I said hey boss
thank you for this opportunity but peace
but I'm fucking out because no don't
ever work out subway I'm sure there's
people watching that work I said wait
let me know you hate it huh I know you
hate it don't lie to me you hate it what
career path were you on before you
started YouTube I was actually writing
articles for this uh sports website I
was the editor in chief for the Phoenix
Sun section and I was on my way to
getting credentialed for the NBA
playoffs meaning I can go like after the
game and ask the players or ask the
coaches questions and I was on that path
but YouTube YouTube I loved making
YouTube videos how do you feel when
people say you aren't anything without
Brian let's just say this I know people
who hang out with Brian daily and I know
people who've gotten shouted out more
than me from Brian and they're out let's
just say they're at less than 100,000
subs I'm out almost 700,000 subs so when
people say that you know what I do i
Loki it like have you ever seen me laugh
I just go in like it's funny it's funny
uh you could say Brian's nothing without
faze you could say Devin Booker is
nothing without the sons you could say
the sons are nothing without the NBA
there's levels to this shit and people
say that about me I don't care because
I'm gonna have that label on me for the
rest of my life
oh that's rugs older brother who's less
successful than him but I don't care
because we both made it he's made it on
a much higher level in a much higher
platform but we are both good we're both
good we're two different people he's
making it for video games and faceplant
I'm making it for vlogging and whatever
the fuck I do I don't even know what I
do but uh yeah honestly I don't mind I
know imma have that label for the rest
of my life so it doesn't it can't bother
me if I let it bother me I would be
stressed every single day in my life I
expect people to say it I'd be surprised
if people didn't tell me that so I don't
care I just shred it off it here's this
question
who would you save if they were dying
Bosley or Jackie listen to this listen
like how much more simpler easier to
just get to answer Bosley don't make me
wet Bosley don't plate like but Jackie
gives me the finer things in life you
know like that bother doesn't give me
shit but oh wait no no I'm joking Bosley
does give me shit
he literally shits he gives it like he
shits for me to pick up and throw it in
the trash so uh now I would save Jackie
but Jackie loves me I love Jackie and
the difference with Bosley's I love
Boston he doesn't love me back
but this question is kind oh speaking of
Bosley I had another question on the
side excuse me for a inning away from
that question
someone said reenact telling Bosley
you're gonna put him in the garage so
here's that are you ready to go into the
Rock Bosley no come on we're going in
the garage come on we're gonna garage
garage Bosley come on let's go in the
garage okay let's go in the garage okay
Steph Curry now you really going into
the wall yes where you going Williams
running on the garage cuz that's where
you gonna end up tonight I mean Ron okay
no garage no girl Bosley garage I'm just
joking Bosley no garage no but yeah back
to the question jack here Bosley who
would you save I mean that that question
is kind of irrelevant because I would
say Devin Booker over the both of them
so I don't know why mr. net oh what a
surprise I got this question again the
one question everyone wants to know do
you eat ass aka Jackie's ass
will you ever do a fan meetup with rug
I've whether it's with rug without rug
with any like I've wanted to do a family
de for so long and I I've been saying oh
I've been too busy you know school and
gym I didn't stop making excuses I'm on
summer break I have time I want I've
been wanting to do a fan meetup
somewhere in San Diego I just don't know
if people like I don't want to think
people would show up but I don't know if
like here's the bathroom I'm always kind
of lower on myself in everyone else so
in my head oh no one's gonna show up bah
bah
but no I've been planning to do a fan
meetup for so long and I want to what
are you going to do when you finish
college love you bro Wallace thank you I
love you to re-explain I want to work
for the sons one day whether it's right
after I finish college whatever idea
explain that when you started YouTube
did you expect to get as big as you are
now when people say not a chance in hell
that's an understatement I had zero like
I didn't think one day for one second
that I would ever even have two hundred
thousand suns let alone three hundred
thousand i'ma go LeBron mode really
quick now four not five not sit let
alone I'm almost at 700,000 subs and
that's why I'm so thankful for every
single extra sub that I gain that I'm so
thankful for every single extra view
that I get because I never ever ever
would have thought if I went into making
a YouTube with such high expectations I
wouldn't be as thankful and that's why
you know when I was a smaller youtuber I
would reply to a bunch of people I would
favorite all their tweets and that's why
I try to keep doing that because I never
ever want my success or my bigger
platform to faze me I never want to be
those type of people who change because
they got more famous I don't want to be
that person and I want anybody who
notices or you change for the fame I
want that person to tell me whether it's
my mom my brother my close friend if
they ever catch me changing for the fame
or for you know getting bigger on
YouTube tell me because I don't ever
want to do that ever
what inspired you to do YouTube my
brother that's all on my brother if my
brother didn't do YouTube I wouldn't
have a youtube if my brother didn't have
that many subs I would not have this
many subs if I didn't see my brother
grinding every single day to make his
videos I wouldn't be grinding this hard
so it's all on my brother the whole
reason I do YouTube is because of my
brother what would you do Jacky cheats
on you well I mean
feels just one kind thing that's fine
you know I was like she still loves me
at the end of the day that's all that
matters so
oh you oh that wasn't a joke you really
want to know what I'll do if Jackie
cheats on me below me I don't think I
could I have like some younger viewers
so only I could save because I want to
go to jail but uh no but really if that
was a worry in this relationship if
there was no trust and we wouldn't be
dating that's not a worry that's not
anything um when did you lose your
virginity it was it was years ago that's
all that's it was years ago probably
like I don't know three four years ago
why do you love going to the gym um I
just I honestly like it's not just
working out I personally I do not like
working out I just love the atmosphere I
love everybody there you know you make
friends there you know you start to get
to know everybody there when you start
going every single day uh the basketball
court obviously that's where I spend
most of my time but also I do also enjoy
working out I don't love it and I won't
take it as seriously as I do basketball
but I do like I just love the whole
atmosphere I love the whole concept of
the jamming and I love meeting people
who first start going to the gym and
they're kind of like chunky or they're
really really really skinny and then
I'll be seeing them like a month later
and they're they you see improvement you
see progress and I love talking to my oh
what'd you do how do you feel it's just
I love everything about the gym honestly
and I don't think I can ever see myself
stop going to the gym
Oh oh man oh my answer to this is so
fucking fast eyes bro what is what is
your biggest pet peeve fuck
I'm majesty oh my god I'm so fucking mad
I'm mad just thinking about this okay
what is your biggest pet peeve you guys
know the time where you know you're with
your friend or you with a family member
and you know you want to talk or like
you you want to tell them something and
they you know let me just act this one
out for you okay so really quick let's
go so let's just say I'm with uh let's
just say I'm with a guy named John he's
sitting on my bed okay hey John
john-john Hey Dude how's your day huh
hold on hold on really quick wait
John you fucking bitch you fucking piece
of shit motherfucker yeah how about you
take the question of how's your day take
your pants off okay and after you think
I'll take your boxers off shove your
phone up your ass and don't take it out
so you can pay attention to me when I
talk to you and then take the question
how's your day shove it up your ass take
out of your mouth and an answer for me
that's my biggest pet peeve when you try
to talk to someone and they're just Oh
what yeah hold on hold on like I
understand if someone died and you're
you know you're sending your condolences
but if you're just want to look fucking
hate that shit I hate that shit dude
what does Papa bruh wadis think of you
hittin over six hundred and sixty-five
thousand subs let's put him on the phone
you know why would you like why would I
answer that myself when I've got Papa
bruh waters his number could you imagine
if I leave my dad's number okay let's
see if he answers my phone call cuz he
hates me
hello dad what we got I got a question
for you good well first of all I just
want to know who's winning tonight
Warriors are thunder I'm not gonna watch
it what do me here not gonna watch it
why are you too scared well I get upset
upon the number I'm not done in myself
alone that's my guess okay and and I had
one more question what do you think of
me reaching over 660,000 subscribers on
YouTube
things are so successful you good thank
you
oh yeah well thank you very much and I
had also one question because you said
I'm very successful one question before
I hang up the phone
spell the word successful oh you ll okay
dad I'm gonna finish this video now
another out thanks to you enjoy the game
good luck anyways guys that is going to
end my Q&A I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I hope some of my newer
subscribers learned a lot about me I
hope some of my older subscribers also
learn something new about me there's
always something new to learn no matter
how well you know someone oh shit
took my chain off great value guys
really really cheap if I take a shower
with this it will probably turn green
I'll turn into Shrek but um anyways yeah
there's my video for you guys for the
day and I hope you guys enjoyed much
love for wat squad rah
