where's your purse got it mother Oh fake
Calvin Klein mom the fake Calvin Klein
one look guys I want it too according my
mom cuz mom you look good I always say
jacket looks good how about my mom
no white shorts white sure but not white
shorts
it looks good you're welcome
my second video of the day uploading
guys Jackie said she's on her way over
so I'm going to surprise her look I know
I slap her ass she would slap my face
because she needs some milk
this one's expired too I'm just joking
it's not really in my room just for
Jackie I surprised her with food she
rewards me in other ways guys so I'm
editing but I just gotta take the time
out of my day to roast myself for a
second did I just say surprise
iczer probably super surprised its
surprised I've been fucking what the
hell I think I've been watching too much
Spelling Bee I was like I surprised
Brandon surprise I almost forgot she
likes Canada Dry ginger ale for
breakfast we have that in our garage
so go pull that up right now guys it's
really not that hard to make your girl
happy you just got to do the little
things and then you also got to pull out
the big thing I mean big things over
guys while I'm not so perverted and
dirty I'll get to I'm anyone we got a
chola in the house full-on cholo the
flannel and the earrings they love his
earrings have swag with two cheese
that's only you huh guys Jackie
surprising you the monster she's trying
to kill me
early babe you didn't even get me know
she's the no sugar one you're trying to
actually end my life guys we're planning
a public prank
maybe an elevator one what that's my
cereal Wow I'm joking your choice I'm
serious I'm it's actually yours okay you
want to watch the video that I recorded
before this it's your cereal with your
candid ride but now now I'm eating it
Frank would actually be really funny my
mom says she has food for me mom are you
gonna feed the hungry
does this look today you know why it's
because you're not wearing the white
shorts yeah please
oh no kunafa Oh No Bosley Bosley the
food is for me not for you
Bosley heard food now he's running down
buzzing you want food the hell are you
dad how do you spell a house watching
this I need to learn how to spell Bosley
h o su e house no go sines cosines
Bosley no in the garage right now I'm
gonna put you in the garage Bosley
bad Bosley looks like that's how
Bloomington I got three of them three
ball sensors
I'd have Jean boozled in here on the
whole bad bean boozled
so what I'm proposing to Jackie wait
right here
Boosh I almost tipped over the whole
thing imagine Oh baby we got bigger time
look okay it's about a fall for my hand
I'm P Diddy look
oh my god there's the biggest blowjob I
mean blow pop I forgot my whole life
guys look what a good person I am
this thief criminal burglar next to me
found a dollar on the floor she said Oh
a dollar should I get it I said no I
said no Bosley no I'll put you in the
garage yeah you did you said can I pick
it I said should I pick it up yeah no
said no buzzes stops this is rude how am
I gonna what you think Jackie would like
me looking at this Bloomingdale's
setting me up for fights and arguments
I didn't look baby let's just right in
front of me check that out flat ass
Bosley
in the garage for sure in the garage
stop in the garage shut up I'm on try to
find Bo Wallace to watch part four let's
see will I finally buy the watch today
I'm so indecisive what stuff are they
down right I literally I find one that's
nice and I say oh let me just look
around one more time find another one
that's nice and I say oh let me try to
go to a different maybe I'll find one
nicer I just can't decide guys I wanted
to know I wanted Buchi but honestly
Malvado know yeah I came in wanting a
Gucci and these are growing on me no I
think I just fell in love with this one
look at that see yeah I fell in love it
so I asked for the price look at that
that one's so doors
show that what you just bought from here
just joke no not just come just call it
that it's fake it's be actually not okay
go ask them go out so for the vlog if
it's real no God
speaking of fake louisv I just pulled
this one out while I was editing um
bought it from my homie and uh bought it
from my homie and I think it was tenth
grade for ten bucks so uh Matt shoutout
to you know about you you the real homie
man oh fuck
while I tell you guys I could have done
imagine this 700k giveaway louisv wallet
all my subscribers entered the giveaway
I'll send you a Louie V no one would
ever know I'm just joking I want to do
that's you guys but uh yeah some more
all the story is don't talk shit to your
cousin about a Louis V because you got a
fake Louie be yourself but I'm gonna use
that I don't use it
I've been eating this fuckin lollipop
for ten hours and now I'm frustrated now
I want to get to the fucking good part
but it won't
mmm-hmm place F I'm gonna try to break
it one more time
look
no one saw that no that's a good part
well look at that one on the bottom a
C's got the juice holy shit look how
many watches they have look this is only
michael kors one rag to read for Macy's
swag with - jeez I'm feeling the
charcoal silver okay guys so the Gucci
one that I fell in love with I fell in
love with it I fell in love with the
Gucci one until I I don't want to say
the price but I found out I can buy like
six Michael Kors watches for the price
of one one of the Gucci ones so I'm kind
of debating on that one
what did you say
I said that's like a Kitty bag she said
everybody needs a fine line she said
this some water to swallow the price if
this doesn't explain the type of person
that I am I don't know what what will
you know I come here to buy a watch for
myself you know treat myself because I
always end up buying stuff for other
people I end up treating other people
whether that's buying my mom food buying
my dad something you know chef Lee
points so far I always end up treating
other people and I never treat myself so
I finally came here to treat myself and
I ended up getting myself nothing look
at the range rug rug flexing on these
hoes first let me up up the
motherfucking range fucking robot didn't
anybody tell you that he was a fucking
Savage you spotted right in front of us
watch
guys usually when I said how many times
do I say guys I know honestly when I go
to boba I usually get strawberry banana
with boba but today I decided to try iti
got tattooed with a scoop of ice cream
looked ice creams right there hey they
forgot to fucking blend it in so it's
right there it's actually good I've
never tried Thai tea
I actually used to work when I worked at
a grocery store I worked with this guy
his name was tight ran and on the
schedule it says the first initial of
your last name so his name was Thai tea
on the schedule now we're at Target just
walking around waiting for Jackie to get
off work jpgs
guys I didn't know Boer I made CDs at
least you got the hook that's only five
fucking dollars who remembers why
they're up to number 54 now that's what
i call music 54 oh my god if come such a
long way kidsbox step is out literally
your dad is the penis success she know
about it go out and partay
but her only worries both stop and
vlogging you look good you look good mmm
there's better lighting okay oh oh TD so
camera whore
so is it the middle oh yes the new so I
tis you Father God new Jackie
no your Drake in the picture is holding
the dog for the wolf I come here in the
morning to get my jackets look I see my
blue on the Anthony fuck no more school
that one huh I saw some you sent me I'm
at home editing and he sends me fucking
snapshots of him in my jacket in class
and I said Anthony what the fuck you do
six more hours and eight minutes till my
next haircut thank god I've been doing
this countdown since 15 hours of 47
speaking of time actually today's the
day of my milk expired 9 hours and 52
minutes ago my milk expired so no cereal
for me today what's up yeah guys so
watch shopping for bruh wha T's part
I don't know apart like 578 still a
failure I still think well actually no I
did find what I like and I find found
when I was in love with till she brought
up the price tag then I was like how
about next time but now I'm still
debating on getting that one or not oh
no guys there are so many choices but
anyways what's today May 27th got my
hair could appoint me in a couple hours
I can't wait for that my milk extracted
that song today so I'm depressed
Bosley stop smelling my toes snake oh
wait do snakes smell toes no they
probably fucking eat toes but yeah guys
yeah guys I've been posting a ton on
Twitter Tom Instagram and I've been
making so many samurai swords so if
you're only check me out on social media
links are on the description below other
than that I hope you enjoyed this video
and wish me luck on my shop watching I
gotta find sharp watching I really just
said shout but I'm done I'm so done soon
I've been saving up for a watch and I
finally want to get one finally I never
really treat myself out I want to do
this one thing for myself anyways bro
Wawa thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video a ton not
just enjoyed the video I hope you
enjoyed this video a ton guys look he
waits for me you want to go on the couch
look he waits for me just to give him
permission he can get on by himself go
on the couch go
okay buzz Lee thanks for waiting and
listening really quick all my NBA fans
out there so as you know both Conference
Finals series are r32 Cleveland is up
three to two and Oklahoma City is up
three to two if you want to check out my
video on both those series and how I
think they're gonna end up the link to
my NBA channels in the description below
the video will be up later today hint on
one of the series LeBron takeover and
Cavs close it out to 9 & 6
I just wanted to share that last picture
with you guys because you know like last
night I fell asleep at like 4:00 a.m.
okay my sleep schedules been crazy
recently and so you know I'm up around
3:30 340 and I'm just thinking like you
know I'm smiling I'm just like oh I got
such a beautiful girlfriend and then I
like I like I saw that picture and I was
like like I'll like okay like she like I
loved not just is she beautiful but she
just tastes like crazy latina like just
imagine if you went to baskin-robbins
and and said like oh hi can I try a
scoop of the crazy latina ice cream like
that's why Jack it's so like mmm it's so
good I swear like it's just I fucking
love
