what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bro Wallace and today I woke up to
some some some news that I don't want to
say like just some news that you would
never expect so um and I obviously want
to share it with you guys so you guys
did already see I already uploaded one
video today that was a vlog me trying to
shop for a new watch that I currently
don't have this is my second upload of
the day I just had to share this with
you guys so a little background if you
guys don't know I'm kind of a big Suns
fan I don't know if you guys can tell
but uh in case you don't know I'm a
sunscreen you know I like the Phoenix
Suns so on and I'd like them for a while
so back when I was 14 years old six
years ago in 2010 2010 you guys know
like how the Oklahoma City Thunder and
Golden State Warriors are in the Western
Conference Finals where the winner goes
to the NBA Finals
well my precious Phoenix Suns were in
that same position it was the LA Lakers
versus the Phoenix Suns 2010 Western
Conference Finals last two teams
standing from the West winner goes on to
champ
Marc mind you the Phoenix Suns have
never ever ever won an NBA ring they've
never won an NBA championship so you
know this was their here you know the
series was tied 2-2 to Lakers had two
wins Suns had two wins if you don't know
its first one to four wins so to to to
Game five you know winner goes up 3-2
and historically this is just facts
teams that are up 3-2 are gonna win the
series 90% of the time so you know
pretty much winner of this game is just
okay so you know the Phoenix Suns start
that game terrible they're down by 20
points in the third quarter so that
games done right Suns lose they down 3-2
but wait but wait the Phoenix Suns come
all the way back they come all the way
back from down by 20 points in the third
quarter like I said whenever this game
is most likely going to go to the NBA
championship and the Phoenix Suns I've
never won an NBA title Suns come all the
way back they go there
down by three with six seconds and they
have the ball what happens
they hit a three sons tie the game you
know it's going to overtime oh but wait
there's three seconds left so Lakers
ball was three seconds left but mine's
the Phoenix Suns come all the way back
okay so now there's three seconds left
Lakers ball right tie games so let's
just go to overtime right
Kobe catches the ball he air balls a
fadeaway so we're going to overtime
right like I said but wait
Ron Artest aka Metta World Peace comes
flying in the ball lands in his hand and
he throws it up at the buzzer and it
goes in and let me let me just say this
like I said I'm a pretty big Phoenix
Suns fan and you know I could like break
my arm break my leg I won't cry I could
like you know lose something very
valuable to me and I won't cry I can
like get a bad grade on the test and I
won't cry that night
I shed more tears than every single
person on this earth every single
newborn baby on this earth combined I
never forget I was watching the game
once that shot went in I didn't even
wait for them to review through was good
or bad I fucking threw myself to the
floor I was 14 years old fucking started
crying and nobody could tell me anything
if someone spoke to me I was like like
fucking guys this was before my very own
eyes the Phoenix Suns just lost their
chance by the way they have not even
made the playoffs ever since that year
Phoenix Suns lost their very chance at
making the NBA Finals and like I said
where that goes winner of third person
that goes up 3-2 most likely wings of
series what happens in LA Lakers won
that series like I said that always
happens so you know I'm fucking like
crying and then I rewatched the game
later that night and I'm fucking like so
mad in my bed and I'm just crying and
crying it like this is all Ron Artest
fault this is all Metta World Peace Kobe
missed his shot and so you know he's
like he's my most hated player at the
time and I fucking like I had school the
next day and what did I do I still have
the jersey
authentic stitched Phoenix Suns Amar'e
Stoudemire Jersey I go to school wearing
in you know I'm in school like this like
I'm just fucking like looking everyone
on me because oh I forgot to say I go to
school in San Diego San Diego in LA are
right here so like everyone at my school
is a Lakers fan so you know everyone's
aha the sun's laws did you see the game
why are you wearing that Jersey I had to
go to the bathroom I didn't I didn't
even go to my class I was so fucking mad
I called my mom I was like mom come pick
me like I didn't even stay in school I
left school like you know worst day of
my life okay worst day most I ever cried
and just just crazy worse
bad bad day back time the other day I
was just thinking about that game and
you know I tweeted I was like fuck you
at Metta World Peace Ron Artest for that
game five buzzer-beater here applies
here applies the man himself verified
you know followed by the NBA followed by
the Lakers followed by a ton of Laker
players replies and I guess he does like
this little clothing or this he's like
trying to promote his clothing where
it's like panda clothing and it promotes
kind of like peace you know his name
Metta World Peace which to me does not
really make sense because this is a guy
who you know elbow James Harden got
suspended for that got up in Kobe's face
trying to fight Kobe Bryant and mind you
one of the biggest fights in NBA history
where he was a member of the Indiana
Pacers in Detroit mouth after Pelton he
went up in the stands and punched a guy
in the face so Metta World Peace it's
kind of kind of like ironic to me I
don't know how its peace but anyways he
goes if you want to find peas liked
about that game just visit my website
and I was like bro did did did Metta
World Peace aka Ron Artest just try to
promote me his clothing and I replied I
said I'm not buying your clothing I will
not forgive you for that
and you know he tries to link me his
site again he said you will in time
something like that and I was like bro I
don't know if he's like trolling with me
because it's about peace or if he's
going to bankrupt or something he's
trying to promote his clothing line I
don't know but I thought it was funny
and install like I was like stop trying
to promote your clothing I will not buy
it I don't forgive you for that game he
then gets off the topic of the clothing
and I'm not sure if he like saw my
channel or if he talked to someone about
me I don't know but he then tweets Ron
Artest NBA player NBA vet tweet Abra
wadis has the best vlogs he is now my
biggest fan and at this point I knew he
was trolling me I was like like just cuz
I said fuck you so he's trying to like
be funny I was like no I'm not your
biggest fan but thank you for the
compliment and I'm just like this is Ron
Artest just said that I have the best
vlog like I don't care if it was
trolling I'm gay if he's never seen it
my or he watches my videos the fact that
he tweeted it then he says he says I
want to go on one of your vlogs and talk
about aliens and then come to Phoenix
and party because I'm a Suns fan so he
thought I lived in Phoenix and I said in
my head I'm just like bruh like I'm
having a conversation with an NBA player
you thought about being in my vlogs and
I reply saying brah I live in San Diego
not Phoenix but I turned 21 next month
so come through and he replies he's like
lol no doubt this whole social media
stuff is like fun and weird like all the
fans are crazy like all that and I'm
just like dude he's having like a normal
conversation with me whether that was to
promote his fucking clothing line for
whatever reason or whether he was just
trying to like troll me because I like I
was pissed at a game 5 the like that's
beyond like Ron Artest Metta World Peace
NBA player is having conversation about
like being in my vlogs and like coming
down to San Diego and I'm just like what
like guys I don't know so like this
started from before if we're talking
years back this started from one of the
worst days of my life me crying sobbing
tears fucking all angry maybe the most
mad I've ever been in my life to six
years later me tweeting fuck you Ron
Artest to him trying to promote me to
either by his clothing or promote them
on my vlogs I don't know what to him
saying he wants to come down to San
Diego to be in my vlogs and go party and
I'm just like brother like I know a few
people have said you know we go to a
club once I turned 21 like me and Ron
Artest although like I said he's a
pretty violent NBA reputation so he
might kill me for saying fuck you but I
don't care because this opportunity is
sick and meta Ron Artest Metta World
Peace if you're watching this come down
three and a half weeks I turned 21 we'll
hit the clubs my dude how like what I
just had like any follow me on Twitter
too so like before I followed him he
found me when he started talking about
my vlogs oh no man to me this is all
crazy like I said he could just be
trying to promote his clothing
because he wants extra money or he just
wants the publicity of his clothing so
he's trying to do it through me or
whether he was just trolling because he
knows I like I was pissed at that game
or whether he's actually gonna come down
here I don't know but the tweets are
right there in front of you guys the
tweets are right there on Twitter this
is his real account verified followed by
Jordan Clarkson Lakers NBA D'Angelo like
he's like this was just insane to me
like I'm actually I'm in conversation
with like NBA player who wants to be in
my vlog for whatever reason like I said
if you want to use me to promote or
publicity
I don't care do it you're an NBA player
in my vlogs like brother I don't know
guys I just wanted to share with you
guys although he was my most hated name
a player at the time and he crushed my
dreams and he crushed C Nash's dreams
who never ended up winning a
championship and neither did Amar'e
Stoudemire and they were both on that
team that was just it was tight to me I
don't know but I just want to share that
experience with you guys I think it's
pretty cool and I'm definitely gonna hit
him up again see what he says but um I
don't know what could have started from
a tweet that said fuck you Metta World
Peace I don't know but yeah this year
was really really tight and I hope you
guys enjoyed this video it wasn't really
entertaining but I just had to share
this like I want to say crazy moment but
like shocking I did not expect to wake
up today to a or yesterday to a Twitter
conversation with a with a professional
athlete NBA player about just what I
don't know guys but that like and I
don't know I just don't know what to say
this was all crazy to me but anyways
guys i'ma go now this is my second video
of the day I'm gonna try to hit the gym
right now before I go see my girlfriend
and yeah let me know what you guys think
about this whole situation bro wat Squad
much much love today if you take out the
hacking shit today marks a 115 day
upload streak some of those days were
double uploads too but no no that's just
crazy to me guys much love time to
upload this video
you
