I got this okay just tell me where hurts
everywhere my stomach okay hold on okay
so dr. Bhagwat is back again this time
is not Jackie's finger this time it's
Jackie's shoulder we think after some
prognosis I think that it's a strained
muscle from like the neck shoulder area
so we're gonna put some icy hot how long
did it did it take me to convince you to
flies here let's go I don't know guys we
just got word that we have to move our
cars because someone's coming to clean
our driveway where they do that at now
over here I'll say actually likes me to
it I know and he thinks I won't fucking
put him in the ground for looking at you
hey stay there boy because go over all
right yo let me tell you the deal right
now so I was on my way to the gym I was
like halfway there right and you know
I'm driving there I'm listening to Drake
you know drink it you own your feelings
and I'm just like I can't drink it's in
your feelings like with your eggs or
with like some girl you fucked around
with in like kindergarten but this Drake
got me thinking about my childhood and
so right now I drove back home brought
my basketball my outdoor one brought
some dumbbells I had laying around in my
room just like I'm here at my childhood
park you know so many memories here is
right down the street from my house and
rather than the gym
i'ma just do a park workout i'ma play
some basketball and then I brought some
free weights so I'm gonna probably do
something like biceps and shoulders um I
don't know I've never done a park
workout like I see all the you know the
people that a typical you know like
mid-30s they come take a hike on the
park do little pull-ups on the barn or
god I want to be like them today so on
so yeah I'm here
breehn Park my cha
hood park right next to my house I'm
gonna go shoot around first I brought my
outdoor ball and then I'm gonna come
back
look all the freeways are in this bag so
that bag weighs 50 fucking pounds and
then I'm gonna do just like some
shoulders and biceps right here
I just wanted to switch it up honestly
it's like a 70 degree day beautiful day
in San Diego beautiful just like always
except last night it rained a little God
shed his tears on me but um yeah so I
wanted to switch it up no gym today i'ma
just do like a little park workout by
myself and I think I might enjoy it
let's go here's the deal guys I just got
off the shower you know finished my
little workout and Jackie just got back
from her orientation she was at the fair
they had like an orientation because
she's working the fair hold on find a
place to put this to explain and uh
earlier today when Jackie was over I was
literally in shock like jaw-dropping cuz
she wore these hoop earrings and she's
never wore hoop earrings ever since we
started dating and I was like babe you
look so hot so she had to go to an
orientation and I said I said you have
to come right back right when you're
done because you look so hot actually I
said you look cute and beautiful and
pretty right babe I'm just joking I said
babe you look hot you look sexy babe
that was not me no it wasn't me it was
not me so now she's back and she wants
me to pack her a bowl baby you still
want the bowl shit oh my god it wasn't
me so Jackie wants me to pack her a bowl
of that loud shit and see I don't know
if she wants the og Girl Scout cookies I
know she wants the lemon kush well maybe
she wants the Cocoa Krispies I heard
these are real good right now shit fucks
you up right here
so yeah guys she came in the morning to
tell me because I felt super sick and
she walked in I looked at like my
sickness automatically went away I was
like babe it looks so beautiful
and then she had to go to her
orientation at I said babe you come
right back
you look so hot what you want a flat
bowl yeah like that's right there that's
Little Miss oh hello everybody
that's nothing yeah no that's too much
this is why I'm skinny
thank you guys I just came from
orientation for you I hate him so are
you were telling you last night okay I'm
telling now oh okay if it's still gonna
clean it up anyways I don't know why you
guys the other day buzz straw in there
and thinking like this right now serious
issue um every time I go to the bathroom
downstairs someone leaves pee with the
toilet paper inside okay it's not me
Brandon no it's I have a bathroom right
next to my room yeah and you still got
stairs no I don't you I just want you to
admit to me one time yeah you go
downstairs who uses a bathroom
downstairs
oh my mom someone oh my mom no you know
what every time I go to the bathroom
downstairs there's always pee with a
toilet paper into every single time my
mom
alright look watch this in the bowl it's
okay
just use it just edit that part out like
it went inside please what okay since
you guys standing here I don't speak
that language what did you say hey you
guys do something for once
thank you very much it's like you're
welcome looks like you're going I don't
know how to explain it like someone long
for interview but like the hottest girl
in the world going for an interview
Bosley he has to go please have a baby
what'd you say guys did you hear what
you say alright guys let me give you the
deal and give you the inside scoop
what's going on right now her family
only text her when they need burrito and
food okay guys so here I've been
thinking about buying a watch recently
and I went to the mall the other week I
was looking at Michael Kors Gucci
watches movado watch it and no I'm not
getting a Rolex
everyone was cuz I was on periscope and
everyone's like oh just get a Rolex no
first of all I walked into the Rolex
store and I'm like ayo how much is a
rolly and she said for the smallest one
oh you're financed for fourteen thousand
I said oh you can find in is fourteen
thousand dollars up your fucking ass cuz
I'm not spending 14 thousand dollars on
a watch so Jackie was like you know
Jackie the fashionista mrs. swag with
two g's oh babe I wanna help you pick
out a watch I know what would look nice
on you so we're about to go to the mall
right now I'm not sure if I'm gonna buy
one today for sure we're kind of just
gonna
you're the fashionista yeah guys so I
love home the buy one today but we're
for sure gonna go look around on a look
at the Michael Kors on the Gucci ones in
we'll see what's up
are you gonna help me pick one out my
leg is broken
guys I honestly don't know what happened
to my leg
kind of like my leg and calf but it
hurts yeah it hurts so bad like even
when I Drive it hurt so bad and I've had
this pain before like two years ago when
I used to play hours of basketball every
single day with no rest but I don't know
why today it came because I haven't
played basketball in a while and it
hurts so bad
but anyways time to go to the mall
you're gonna watch you should get one
way she wants me to flex she said if you
got a watch you might as well get a huge
one baby owe me two flex and you flex on
hoes
no I know flex on know you don't like
golden plaque I like golden black but um
yeah like if we get a gold watch it's
gonna look like any other
they're just gonna be more pricey
whichever you want but if you get a
silver one its styled like that one is
spot okay which one would you like for
me that one Hey oh it's going new ways
are actually an excellent they're both
so nice you said which one did you say
you said the whole block Oh
- yeah kind of I know which one would
you wear I can see way yeah I can see
you wearing and that one over
no no it's cute
okay they didn't have any Gucci watches
at Macy's or at Nordstrom now like I
said I'm not stepping foot in fucking
Rolex fuck Rolex but there are these
even where they are why are they right
here but they did have mulatto and
Michael Kors at Macy's that's bigger
rather than the small she's talking shit
no but you know the small ones right
girlie she would agree
she called me girly girl like on my
house she wasn't saying um you might
have let the Gucci afrinolly that's yeah
that's all but then like make this I
would agree
look babe I'm a spy okay all the clothes
does this look familiar
yeah no she's soon okay she wants me to
try on a gray one
babe I'm feeling gold or black not
really great like close it what babe
okay you want to see that I do like it
but I'm hold off till I see the Gucci
ones babe I'll kick your ass with this
one do you ever remember like I actually
went to said hey can I try on those
shoes without looking apart and then
it's like oh how do they feel
oh yeah I never realized that they were
trying to sell them sell them to me so
bad because they were $5,000 oh my god
babe your face is so round so hot no in
a cute way
yeah you calling me sytem no I'm calling
you a basketball but I love basketball
if you like these yeah baby I like shoes
I know
hello everybody um it's about what is
here in another segment of I don't see
the paper I'm hearing that why do you
itch why do you hate yourself where look
you know it's from this
and hey Abbott Euler people I go to the
mall on my girlfriend we don't buy
anything but we're actually cell
entities we actually have a professional
woman
that's right listen to me not Ryan
Jackie's so fucking fake look she said
she said I won't she said I want fuck
and I said I said I don't want fuck she
said you don't have to get the same
thing as me I said if me and you are
sitting together and we don't have the
same food then obviously people are not
going to think we're dating
that would be your dream huh what kind
of man I love this cute little thing
up here I use not little I know it's
huge
hey listen why would a girlfriend want
to get different kinds of food than her
boyfriend other than the fact that
you're trying to hide me and trying to
make people think we're not dating
if I was trying to hide you this will be
me
oh wait now this one
babe
so I don't really like eating on but I
always have to
let's start over here decides to put
literally
like for practically just a little you
need it and then hold on
so I actually never wait for
takes way too long
if you put too much
ha
Oh
guys I can't be the only person who does
this I hate this about myself but it's
the truth
every single time I brush my teeth get
all comfy in my bed you know about it go
to sleep I get hungry for some reason
for some reason I only get hungry after
I brush my teeth and I always eat some
fucking candy or like fruit snacks right
before I go to sleep after brushing my
teeth and now I'm eating a lollipop time
to go to bed where our guys bring our
bras squad well just finished my
lollipop god that P Diddy
but now hold on ain't done look I found
this gum it's called cry-baby it's
really really sour and it's really
really expired crap how does since I was
a fucking kid but I don't want to chew
gum so I'm just going to get the sour
out of it and then go to sleep get this
out of it spit it out and then go to
sleep
oh god it's supposed to be gummy snot
swellview this heart five hats are so
fucking wrong
and now a salary is gone ah my god guys
holy shit it's 3:00 a.m. and the fucking
TV just turned off by itself my god
just joking it's like 1:00 a.m. and the
TV turned off cuz I had it on sleep now
it's time to go to sleep good night okay
guys so I brought Jackie along with me
to the mall so she could help me pick
out a watch instead she makes my
decision harder I was debating between
either gold one or like a black one
maybe golden black she comes at me with
oh babe you look so hot in the silver
one the subber one looks nice on you so
now instead of narrowing my decision she
expanded it to gold silver or black we
still haven't narrowed down a like which
I don't know guys I've just been saving
up money for a watch because I've had a
nixon for like four years I've had the
same watch and I just wanted to kind of
treat myself I never really treat myself
I never really buy myself anything it's
kind of just paid for my car helped this
and that so I kind of wanted to treat
myself and I might be going back to the
mall today I'm not sure cuz we didn't
buy one yesterday anyway since this vlog
was pretty short compared to my other
vlogs I will be bringing you guys
another upload later today
hint hint a lot of you guys might have
seen it on Twitter and um I hope you
guys enjoyed this long you guys my
upload streak if you take out the
hacking couple days is at 115 days 115
day upload streak and uh I know guys I
just love making videos for you guys but
I need to go work on my second upload
now and then I'm gonna hit the gym cuz
I'm too skinny now I need to put on some
muscle
but anyways much love bras squat and
thank you so much for watching this
video
oh yeah one last thing a lot of people
were complaining like they were like oh
you haven't done a P o box opening video
and so long we missed those videos can
you do peel box opening so I went to the
peel box and I didn't really have much
there so on if you guys onto to a peel
box video I guess it's my fault I never
really talked about my P o box I don't
really promote it because I don't want
to come off as like Oh send me this and
send me that but you guys want to see a
video meaning
you guys got to send some stuff in that
P o box addresses in the description
below uh it's pretty low like I said I
don't like to promote it because it just
comes off as kind of like oh why are you
promoting your P o box address like you
want honest oh I don't really like
promoting it but you guys I've been
asking for the video so go ahead and you
guys should oh and also here's another
hint crank soon that's all i'ma say I'm
not gonna say when maybe this week maybe
next week I'm not gonna say on who but
all you need to know is crank soon
