hey guys it's Jackie here I know you
guys are probably wondering what I'm
doing here but you know what I miss you
guys a lot Brandon and I had planned to
hang out after the gym he's actually in
the shower right now so you know I came
up with an idea right before I came to
his house today I am gonna do a
pregnancy prank on Brandon now this is
the twist with this prank one of my
closest friends is pregnant right now so
congratulations to her and she kept a
test it's been washed like six hundred
times okay but it's real I'm basically
done for brilliant that I'm pregnant and
I don't have that much time actually you
know why I talk too much so I'm gonna
find a spot to put the camera in and
then I'm gonna start I pranked him
before in the living room and I feel
like the first thing that he's gonna
think about is like okay she's lying so
I definitely need to do it and it's room
okay guys I found a perfect spot for the
camera um yeah I'm excited to see
long cuz my body's sore so I try to just
stand in hot water for a long time you
were sweating so much what are you doing
wait can you come here for a second it
nicely
yeah yeah I need to talk to you what do
you mean oh no it's like serious six and
a half hours later I don't know how
you're gonna take it cuz I don't know
how to take it myself but I'm just gonna
give you something I'm like you have to
look at it like you think I'm dumb you
think I'm done that's the thing am I
talking about take it
I took it I know so just cuz I have a
CVS wrapper you think I believe they
didn't go to the mall and a lot of
things look at that and tell me that
stage well what a surprise it says
you're pregnant cuz it's fake it's a
framed anyone can buy a CVS wrapper or
make a CVS record not anyone can pee on
a test and that being pregnant look at
the two lines it's real I'm pregnant
you all thought I was really sick
there's no way like you like you think
I'm dumb that's the thing you think I'm
stupid
this is not real I'm a youtuber I've
seen two million pregnancy pranks three
million pregnancy friends
I understand but I've pranked you and so
you're trying to get me back okay tell
me right now if it's a prank because two
things one if this is a prank then us
not being together right now
I don't think there's something you
should joke about and two together or
not this is not something you should
joke about so if it's a prank just tell
me now because this is not a joke just
something on the camera is bye hi
whatever where the camera is and that's
it
if it's a prank you just tell me cuz I
don't mean you should joke about this
but it's up to you
I've never pranked you with permanent
okay so why would I thank you now okay
about what benefit right now oh my god
okay so so you peed on this two lines
came up this is from CVS it's real on
you're pregnant
that's what you're trying to stay yeah
there's it so okay and all like birth
control whatever all that ageism like it
magically doesn't work you know I
suppose my birth control which I don't
know okay and maybe that's what happened
I don't know
I'm memory of us on the pill and the
period was regularly men took their
other stuff and then I didn't get it and
I got it was normal because sometimes
that happens to girls now so hold on so
when so when you switched you birth
control and you knew that it might have
like affected how the way then we didn't
do it six and a half hours later this is
really yes I think okay so why didn't it
like I don't know I mean I don't know if
I should believe you or not after you're
saying you're not joking about it and
there's no camera and I believe you guys
are actually being serious like I don't
know what to say this is like obviously
it's not a bad thing it's not a good
thing I don't know what what am I
supposed to say I'm 22 or 21 like I
obviously and like I mean I don't want
to say but like we're not even together
no I mean it's obviously exciting like
like I'm gonna be a dad obviously that
like that's crazy
then I'm sure wait I have to tell my mom
I swear tell my mom what you told my mom
how is she not gonna get it from me
first
because why would you because she was
with me when I took it no I just can't
tell
I felt really sick I don't know how it's
never happened to me I had a bunch of
symptoms that are like what you get from
the first like steps of being burned our
trimester or whatever and so on okay so
what did my mom say she's for sure like
she's gonna talk to you tomorrow I mean
she she thinks we're young but I mean
like it's not like we weren't safe like
that stuff happens to people you know
there's no like I told you drop you know
like I said this obviously like wait did
you tell my dad okay so do it like how
how many like months or weeks or what is
it what's going on - enough weeks
there's no so so literally in like six
months
then there's a baby like I will be a dad
it's six months like that like it's it's
coming out yeah I mean no don't get me
wrong my god
just as I'm talking I'm just like in
shock I don't know what to say I'm
obviously excited there's gonna be crazy
and like no matter what like even though
I think you're very young and I'm also
young I'm like I'm gonna be there like
I'm gonna step up that's my baby and I'm
excited there you don't know it they
didn't tell you if it's a boy or girl
right no I mean I didn't even go to the
doctor I just took the test two and a
half months and this is that's just
that's when I reminisce period
so okay so let's just okay okay so
there's gonna be a baby in my wedding
picture everyone naughty I marry Justin
right I know that's not okay I never
said that okay hold on just get like I
know everything is like crazy or
whatever go like so are you excited
I mean I'm obviously like like I said I
think we're young but I'm excited
no one obviously if it looks like I'm
taking it bad that's not what it is I'm
just in shock like that's obviously what
happened I'm excited you know we've
talked about this before yeah we've
talked about having a kid before I know
that's exactly why I'm shocked but that
doesn't change the fact that I'm gonna
be a dad I'm excited like I'm gonna take
care of whether if it's a boy or girl if
it's a boy he's going to the NBA if it's
a girl that she's gonna be the prettiest
girl in the world I don't know if I
could I don't know if I can handle a
girl right now but whatever it is
there's it and you're a hundred-foot
like there's no way these are like fake
or wrong yeah I'm excited but just
answer right now there's no way these
could be wrong
like I at this point like I I wanted to
be like I want a baby that's fine but
like if if this is wrong and like you're
actually not pregnant like I wouldn't be
that mad but if it's right and you are
playing I'm super happy and excited like
we're having a baby I don't care whether
we're together or not like we'll figure
it out I'll step up and I'm excited
mine you'd be happy what do you mean who
did well what are you trying to say it
like the baby's not mine you know I knew
you were pranking me from the start
there's no point I mean you said you'd
be happy right if this wasn't I don't
know who wears the camera first of all I
touch their PE Dan I tell you in the
beginning if it's a prank
don't joke about this my heart I swear I
was about to text my mom to a lot of
texting your mom your mom would beat my
no text my mom saying please don't have
a talk with me tomorrow so that's not
yours no damn I'm so mad I wanted a kid
so bad so now everyone's gonna say that
I'm mean and I don't want a kid god I
still don't know exactly where the
camera is but god no the way I was
speaking I was just in shock
I'm sure all of you guys freaking beat
like in extreme shock if you guys were
having a baby like I feel I would be
like such a fire Frank but I feel like
it's better fire point eating is better
now what did you think when I first told
you I was just saying if this is a girl
I'm gonna be the most overprotective dad
on earth you could not have a girl
that's already know I could have a girl
but this is not funny
please all you girlfriends and
ex-girlfriends who think about doing
this to your boyfriend now these get a
fake off so they can tell that it's fake
not a real one
I kept trying to convince myself Brandon
it's fake from the mall but then I look
at it and I do
I'm serious you wouldn't joke like that
and have a camera Jackie stop stop just
say the truth right now please it's like
what 2:00 in the morning I came back
from the gym took a shower actually it's
not spring then I'm told we can
celebrate I don't know how to talk with
my mom and dad to have the baby in the
wedding picture no oh yeah so that's
what I'm trying to say I wasn't being
mean I wasn't mad I wasn't sad I was
just in shock I didn't know how to react
yeah we're parts where I was happy and
then I didn't know if I should be like
oh my god what's going on like what is
gonna happen to my life like the whole
time I was sitting here she's telling
you this I'm just thinking about like oh
wait at least they have a daycare at the
gym so while I play bass like I just
drop the baby off at the daycare but
I'll just try to think like like what's
gonna happen to my life like my youtube
channel if someone interviewed me and
had a microphone to my mouth my only
words at that time would just be uh I
didn't think you'd be like think okay
this is like I feel like well I mean
it's not like oh we've never done
anything so how can it how can you be
pregnant like it's believable like my
body felt frozen my mouth felt frozen I
was literally so excited and so shocked
and confused at the same time I never
want to feel those emotions again the
next time I want to hear someone say I'm
pregnant I want it to be planned I want
to say that I want to have a baby and I
want to be expecting it but again like I
said if this was true and this was I
think I said it did I say I said I'll
step up it's our baby together I held
your hand I said it's all getting
together we're gonna step up we're gonna
take care of it
see I have a heart but yeah same time
all those freaking out on the inside so
no no honestly guys I'm a Middle Eastern
and
it's like if you have a baby in the
wedding picture or if you have a baby
before you get made and I'm not throwing
shit I know a lot of people who have
kids before they get mayor there's
nothing wrong with time it's fine you
know it's your life for two decisions up
to you but just my family and like my
culture is kind of like stay away from
that so I was just thinking oh my god I
talked with my BOB I don't know I think
honestly at this point whatever we were
going to do we hang out I think it's I'm
gonna sleep I can't I don't think I
could go to sleep I don't know what's
gonna happen after this no you did this
whole videos you could do the outro I'm
sweating I feel like this was one of the
best pranks I know it's also one of the
best pranks on your channel hundred
percent because me about this is a real
test
yeah but I'm not putting this video up
on YouTube yeah you are probably hates
me because he edits so do not means so
I'm gonna have to watch this all over
again I'm gonna have the pregnancy scare
all over again
come on you're not actually having a
baby I'm going crazy guys I think that
was adding Frank at least to me yeah for
one person it was funny you're right
today today the day is over it's like
2:00 in the morning I'm over today I
don't want to think about this day
anymore I'm I played twigs woods
basketball I hurt my legs are in my back
I come home I expect to hang out with
Jackie I come just please close the baby
bones okay you guys okay guys thanks for
watching brain is obviously not feeling
well right now but no I feel great
what do you want them to do subscribe
like just friggin go have a baby who
everyone watching Brennan's gonna died
tonight okay
guys thank you so much for watching this
video please drop a like for my heart
almost breaking through my chest and
popping on hitting the kick I would have
found out I was a plaintiff my heart
puffed out of my chest hit wherever the
camera was and then I oldest on the
camera fall but I would have been dead
from no heart no you don't have a heart
for doing this prank I told you no I
I said if this is a prank please just
take the cam out because is not
something to talk about and you look me
in the eye and I don't know what you
said you said no okay guys but please
drop a like on this video if you enjoyed
subscribe to channel if you're new other
than that Brandon aka brothers I love
you guys all Jackie loves you guys all
and then baby bruh one is whether it's a
bar girl they love you guys all trans so
peace out guys
never ever find the right words there's
no way this is real guys there's no
telling you're the right girl so I can
only say that it feels right
