I got this so guys here's the life of a
vlogger babe lemme see guys we're
vlogging we're live
actually not live this for tomorrow but
guys listen the life of a daily vlogger
Jackie spilled coffee on her brand-new
white vans and instead of helping her I
run upstairs to go get my camera
hey well you made a little worse
Oh what did you spread oh you use the
babe on the house so yeah guys that's
the life of a vlogger rather than
helping your girlfriend you go get go
get your camera
hmm okay I'm sorry
what yeah fucking mission guys she's
wearing a hat that's signed by both
Morris twins and PJ Tucker I got it I
got it signed by them when I used to
love the Morris twins when they were
normal Brian can you put the volume down
I'm vlogging okay thank this is my first
vlog in a few days um
me and Jackie just had chick-fil-a
breakfast what's new and um she had
coffee she spilled the coffee on her
shoes anyways oh yeah guys me and Jackie
were talking about when we get married
wait first of all I broke she she bought
me a cookie straw from Starbucks and I
broke it on her head but anyways we were
talking about when we get married all
the fans are invited to our wedding we
need up we need a flower boy a ringer I
mean a flower grill a flower girl a ring
boy a brute babe what's that what's your
best girl called bridesmaid a bridesmaid
Ring of Honor whatever fuck it's called
we need
we need a security guard but I keep look
I keep thinking I'm on periscope and I
keep waiting my camera for coffee so
yeah guys when we get married whenever
that is maybe this year maybe tomorrow
maybe next month maybe in 10 years I
don't know but when we get married all
of you guys are invited to the wedding
oh and I need a security guard so if any
of my subscribers you know unlike me
actually put on some muscle babe I don't
know what they're all okay I don't know
anything about weddings all I know is
that I go by sexy do I have to go in the
fitting room and try long there's my
face when I try this stuff on because I
hate trying things on
I know it's flower girl and ring boy and
all the people that oh we bring our
friends and you bring your friends and
those people hook up with each other
like my friends hook up with your
friends you know the ones that dance
with each other because they just do
that know you invite your family but
your family does not hook up with other
people they just come to watch but
there's the friends that you bring to
have to dress up and I bring my friends
and they have to dance all I know about
wedding is what I know I have to I have
to buy her a ring like a ring pop I get
on my knees for once I'm I'm getting on
my knees give her the ring take her to a
party like I have to plan a wedding or
whatever party that night and then go
live with her and then we live happily
ever after I don't know anything about
ring boy I don't know anything about
flower boy I don't know anything about
fucking ring up maid-of-honor bridesmaid
groomsman whatever the fuck that's
called I just don't have to have a best
man which is probably gonna be Bosley or
Devin Booker how do you get security for
all those people I told them whoever
lifts can be my security yeah yeah Olly
Olly shoutout bro why this is gonna be
my security actually god I rewarded my
girlfriend with oatmeal because she
didn't wear makeup today
I told her she's hotter and more
beautiful without makeup look smile
smile
yeah I saw oh my gosh bitch it's
actually really bad you guys said can I
can I tell them the theory about your
head
got Jackie actually I just realized a
couple days ago and she gets mad when I
tell her she has such a round head like
it's like like it's like a basketball
like I just want a grip called ebony
chin but yeah so just a couple of days
ago ologist you know the love stairway
where like I'm staring at Jackie and I'm
gonna sleeping in this updates and I'm
like I'm like trying to think of what to
tell her about how cute she's in
everything I just noticed I was like
baby your head is so fucking around look
like okay no but it's cute but I said
it's cute I didn't say it was a bad
thing and she and she does this do the
sash face like with your lips and I said
I said big yeah you sleep like this I
said baby it's not a bad thing you just
have a round head they look hot without
makeup no mm-hmm I don't know how to use
a flat iron no I don't my hand in in
Vegas I do go down here the toilet
flushing I just went pee so Jackie's
she's about to go reevaluate her whole
life she has an eye appointment at 3
p.m. it's 2:30 so everybody go okay
let's go pack a bowl before we go do
some what your bowl so yeah Jackie wants
a bowl before we go somebody go Packer
Bobby go Packer a bowl downstairs ok so
my girlfriend asked for a bowl earlier
and me being the good me being the good
boyfriend that I am leaving the good
boyfriend that I am I'm gonna go pack
her a bowl and we got some good babe we
got some good shit here it's the it's
the og Cocoa Krispies og about
attackable
but packable that loud shit I heard it
all the way from upstairs oh and you can
milk it baby
your friend
I know you gotta get snacks on dick for
the drive long drives like 12 13 minutes
away babe what are these called fruit
roll-up actually they actually fruit by
the foot we're both wrong guys you know
those those chips that smell like fart
and they taste like ass Dave wait let me
see my cousin's spilled them all over my
car look
they smell like literally far bit what
are they called
TJ Ron okay really like two days old
yeah fucking thing my gum on the top
danger realized holy shit ah I'm opening
the window sorry
r.i.p your hair alright be here already
guys Jackie caught me I gave her the
strawberry one the boring one and I got
very tired I she said why'd you get the
cool one I didn't know I didn't think
she would notice there were only two
more left that was just I like Barry
tie-dye nostril guys there's not one
time that I'm not eating I'm gonna get
so it's okay until you stop looking
I won't ever stop looking at you nothing
about you is your look it's not your
looks it's your personality and brain
yes so sure that if you ever get fat
I'll probably break up with you no I did
not that's what I said I wouldn't like I
said I wouldn't do something budgets out
break up it's terrible to see hope a
couple of us
I was going to say I was going to say
guys I was depressed like for the past
couple of days not really depressed I'm
just joking so I downloaded I just want
to say that because I downloaded nothing
was the same bullsh I was about a crash
I had forgotten about this album years
later this shit still slept nothing was
the same
literally
I downloaded a couple of days ago listen
how basic am I listen they might break
up with me from how basic this statement
is actually way I'm not going to say it
I didn't think about it would actually
get me in trouble
okay guys what can I say just for the
fuck okay so sad oh I really don't have
an egg so I could just say it so I
listen to the album and it had me
thinking about my eggs from a long time
ago but that's just what I just say I
don't really have an X okay babe okay
I'm not taking you to your I appointment
and you'll be blind for the rest of my
life
you're going to what hey don't give me
attitude I'll drop it on the side of the
freeway and roll you over okay holy shit
guys look do you see that I had totally
forgot my gas light has been on since
last night this morning I drove to
chick-fil-a we went to Vaughn's
and last night obviously drove back home
and now I'm driving on the freeway all
the way to Clermont and I forgot my gas
light was on we don't have time to get
gas it's going to pass your appointment
time so in case you never see me again
and someone finds his footage and
decides to upload on some random channel
just know it was me bro wadis who's
recording this look guys we're on the
verge it's a life life-threatening
situation I hear my car might run out of
gas in the middle of the freeway god
knows what would happen and my
girlfriend is still mad at me because I
said you know what I said about nothing
was the same girlfriend they play in on
my sign just hold me babe why which is
holy
I don't have an edge listen I see that
on Twitter all the time nothing was the
same has been missing from third grade
nothing was the same as me think about
Baba so I just said something miss your
ex and sour your clique you know that
the song that left hanasu right hand is
right here baby
we could die and you're not gonna die
you're gonna die holding my hand all
right we'll see
I just got Kade in real life
okay guys I'm talking in here because
it's more quiet and Jackie won't hear me
I'm in my trunk
and I'm pumping gas Jackie is you know
she's not really mad right now but she
did get a little bothered by that
statement and right now I'm dealing with
a with a latina being on the verge of
being mad and have you guys ever played
video games like you know in Mario when
you have to face Bowser or you know in
Mortal Kombat when you have to face the
bad guys and it's the ultimate last
level and they're the worst and they're
the hardest to beat well that's what you
are when you're dealing with a mad
latina so uh I just got a I got a like
trust me it's like the hardest level on
a boss stage when you're dealing with an
angry Hispanic latina but when the ones
from El Salvador's
oh my god so let's just make things
better before they get worse
hey babe babe I just want to say that I
love you babe
dealing with an angry latina is like
trying to beat the boss stage on the
harder to do game in the world and I
don't want to get to the boss stage I'm
past the boss stage so how do I defeat
it huh like this like this oh wow yeah
guys you did you defeat the angry Latino
boss stage when you get a kiss on the
lips no stop music hey listen to me okay
we're not going to your appointment I'm
going I'm walking no you're not oh babe
apologize to me for what hold on tryst
no watch me don't touch me uh I win the
boss stage I win babe I love you
maybe look so hot now we're in Walmart
because we're trying to get the tide pen
for when Jackie spilled the coffee on
her shoes we're looking for the cleaning
supplies you guys know the pen it's
called like tide to go you like draw
where are the stuff for cleaning their
cleaning yeah
okay so either you permanently ruin your
shoes or that doesn't work on one or the
other
yeah watch it you literally can't
Sunday's forecast and pull up back you
can't see you guys here but you're gonna
be you're gonna go front of me I just
wanted to say that I Drive so good
behind the cop it's like I'm taking my
driver's test and Jackie's the
instructor I Drive so far back from him
I Drive the speed limit I don't flip
around
watch me tell you
joking I'm just joking sorry cough sorry
come okay laughter you're literally
going to Gail I know just pull you over
me look babe look both he doesn't know
we're in the car you just saw the garage
open find something scared
hey bad boy no one said you could get
out they've take him in take him away
look we found the pen up Jackie's butt
seriously Bosley gives latina attitude
he's giving you a taste of your own
medicine
oh my god or some reason my cheese it's
not your genes you got bit by a snake
and it's poisonous yeah I am bad day oh
my god no way you came it doesn't even
look that bad on camera no but it's
weird because these jeans haven't done
that so long I honestly don't think it's
from your jeans look that is look it's
no I don't get anything so why would I
get that maybe it is from your deed oh
no no nope
maybe it's my lotion hmm maybe it's your
life and it's still not working
babe oh now you want to pack a bowl all
right now we're gonna pack a bowl some
loud it's time to not in fact a bullet
out loud
you should snap the bowl hey pack that
shit fatter okay that's a snapper right
there mom Jackie's packing her a fat bow
that's all I can fit oh yeah the one
packing her a fat bald
are you doing what I think you're
smoking look is your oatmeal ready oh my
god
bubbling okay no more why okay okay
you didn't funny to shove my head in the
plate hmm okay
blow yeah wait till we go up to shove
you guys we just finished watching OKC
and gold and say I personally honestly
what the fuck happened to the Warriors
what the fuck the Thunder have gained my
respect so much they've impressed me so
much you you you not just take down the
Spurs you manhandle the Spurs and then
you go up you you destroy the Warriors
back-to-back games those are arguably
two of the best teams in NBA history the
Oklahoma City Thunder have surprised me
and pressed me and I'm honestly like I
don't know what to say in Westbrook and
Durant two of the top five players the
world has seen on one team and they're
proving that they could take gold and
say I don't know if one day it's gonna
come out of this hole okay see you might
have just punched his ticket to the NBA
Finals with this wind that was honestly
crazy the way they didn't just win they
manhandled gold and saying I didn't see
this coming at all
babe stop fucking recording me what were
you doing no you were not I'm trying to
get ready
she's whipped me with the Sox a million
times baby goes both ways I don't hit
you coz boy don't hit girls but you
can't hand me yes you do you say babe go
get me a coffee and I say babe please
hold on after this video go get me a
fucking coffee
that's watching sure guys one time I'll
get it on camera she hits me she beats
me when I don't do so for guys guys I
actually just turned the camera on cuz
I'm scared and it's like a shield okay
guys well now I'm turning the camera off
so she thinks my toes are funny then
babe should I rock the ice or no okay I
guess I should rock the fake ice that
cost like $8 from fucking where without
like Spencer's at the mall guys I really
don't know what happened last night but
I came home after me and Jackie hung out
and I literally felt like shit like I
can't remember the last time I threw up
it's been years and I threw up like like
I just I threw up in my trash can and
the bathroom downstairs about them like
I don't know what happened I just felt
like shit I couldn't eat anything like I
don't know I still kind of feel like
shit but you already know what time it
is I just woke up it's time to edit
Jackie says she's gonna come over just
to like just to come see me for a little
I just look this is how you knew was
that Jackie tried to make out with me
last night when I like when I was about
to go back inside and I was just like
mm-hmm she probably thought like I was
coming out of the closet like I was like
no no make out but no like like that's
how you knows bad like you turn down
like making out with Jackie like but no
honestly like I just came up like I just
threw up a bunch and I don't know why
and I just felt like she I couldn't even
fall asleep and just I don't know but
I've been drinking Canada Dry ginger ale
I do feel a little better I'm gonna try
to go to the gym in a couple of hours
before now I gotta edit
Hey look at me hey babe look him guys
guys listen my girlfriend looks so hot
today babe yeah for once in my life no
you look hot every day but she came over
looking like this and I said babe I
think I said babe oh my god she look so
hot
she had a head down now it's up she's
wearing earrings she's dressed babe I'm
just like I'm going to an interview
you're so hot
I forced her I said go in my room and
take selfies on my phone so now I have
like eight selfies of her that she took
on my phone
don't get me wrong you look hot every
single day but oh my gosh look with the
hair down look good baby good babe you
look so hot is that Jennifer Lopez yes
this is why I'm here usage baby not
someone then I can't stop recording you
you're not allowed to leave she came she
came just to say hi to see how I was
doing but now I am not letting really
but why did you come over yours thought
to come and say hi to make sure you okay
I'm okay now when you come looking like
that guys she said we were sitting in my
room and she said baby will you smell
like cheese and I said babe I just got
out the shower like I don't I don't ever
smell that well you can smell like
cheese and then our members because
overnight threw up in my dry skin and I
have forgotten to take the bag out and I
said oh so that's why you're so fucking
on
