got this babe what are you watching some
weird show it's called black mirror I
know something I recommend it to you are
where can you please put it down so I
can do this with you
guys look I'm wearing Jackie's jacket
one of a kind
Jackie acts on cus she customize this
and got it made Drake future parental
advisory cuz I say as I say a lot of
cuss words maybe some jackets today guys
so um today so yeah I'm wearing who knew
Jackie actually had some swag with two
g's swag but that's like anyways oh you
mean because I gave you a tenant cuz you
gave me the juice listen I'll just tell
story really quick guys today me and my
girlfriend are vlogging today so that's
gonna be up tomorrow but for today I'm
gonna tell you guys actually but babe
don't stare at me when I'm doing this
okay so today I'm let me bring you guys
a story that I'm pretty sure nobody knew
about Bosley let me just show you which
one I'm talking about
you guys know Baz I'm sure you guys know
Bosley okay so him the fat bore right
here Bosley subdued a little secret a
little truth is going to come out in the
story I tell you guys today so do you
see that Bosley right let's just say he
was not the first Bosley in this
household and yeah we've had another dog
before we were kids but that's not what
I'm talking about that pug the pug that
hates me was not the first Bosley in
this household so let me tell you a
quick little back
my whole life growing up baby I don't
even know if you know this my whole life
growing up my whole life I wanted a pug
I would die for a pug Brian wanted like
a golden retriever a Corgi I don't know
beagle my mom and dad they didn't even
like dogs
I wanted a pug my whole life so finally
when I turned 18 you know I was like I
would always bet my mom and dad for a
pug and they would be like no no dogs my
mom hated dogs she she couldn't stand
the smell the hair smell of the food the
mess like especially my mom just did not
like dogs she never liked any dogs and
which is actually why it's actually
funny and cute how how good she is
supposedly but um I would beg and beg
and beg ultra middle school in high
school for a pug and they would always
say no so when I finally turned 18
finally turned 18 I was like you know
what mom dad I'm 18 for my 18th birthday
people get cars people get the freedom
to move out go into an apartment or a
home people get at whatever they're 18
all I'm asking can I please bring a pug
to this house I will buy it but please
let me get put and they were like no no
no it's messy it's dirty you guys know a
lot of my underaged subscribers beg your
parents for dogs and they come up with
some no I don't like it it's messy it's
dirty it smells that all this stuff so
they would now let me get a dog and I
said okay you know what fine what pet
can I have and you know the usual answer
by parents babe what is it when you ask
for a pet the easiest one a fish I said
no how many houses okay okay
I said I don't want a face like what am
I gonna do pet a fish I can't pet a fish
I've tried to pet fishes that shit
doesn't work so they said okay you know
what you can get a bird you can get a
bird and I was pissed because when I was
a senior in high school and I took
ceramics I made this dog bowl
it said to my future pub because I
always have hopes when I turned 18 my
mom and dad would let me get a pug and
that happened so this dog ball was just
sitting there for a year and with no use
and so I got a bird for my 18th birthday
June 23rd 2013 and I named him Bosley
and here is the original Bosley
you guys never knew that that dude over
there on the couch was not the first
balls in this house so let me tell you a
quick little story so that Bosley the
bird you think I hate this Bosley I
hated the bird I hated the bird you know
how you're supposed to do this like like
here bird come here like come here and
they're supposed to get on your finger
I literally would fucking stick my
finger in the cage and the bird would go
crazy he would fucking fly around and
try to bite me and everything so first
of all he never came out of the cage and
I think that and I even bought him a
playpen like where you come out and you
stand on the stick and there's a ladder
and you know he's supposed to sing like
like that like a normal fucking bird a
whistle
yeah I don't whistle at you because I'm
not disrespectful but I could go what
but anyways so you know like a normal
bird I thought this was gonna be like my
friend and you know I talked to the bird
like hey Bosley like you want to go for
a fly like all this no the bird was not
that I would try to play him music so he
can Bob his head or whistle he didn't do
that he didn't step out of the cage he
did you know the tree that looks like
fucking corn and you put in there he
wouldn't eat that I hated this guy after
months and months passed by my parents
notice that me and Bosley the original
balls were not getting along and I just
kept trying to get a pug I fuck I just
kept begging and begging and that wasn't
working so you know what I did I took a
I took a tip out of I don't know if you
guys remember this commercial it's a
cliche commercial I mean like everybody
knew it where the daughter was like
begging her parents for a dog and they
wouldn't let so she made a PowerPoint
presentation one day I woke up I said
Brian listen to me we're getting a dog
come here
me and Brian dressed up in like a suit
like in a tie I for spine I'm sure you
guys have the picture I put in one of my
vlogs it's the picture where me and
Brian are like this and we're waiting
like a suit and a tie
I cleaned the whole house I cleaned the
whole fucking house from top to bottom
spotless I decorated my room with the I
thought you're recording me I decorated
my room with like pictures of pugs
saying please please and finally I made
a 24 slide PowerPoint presentation
harder than anything I've ever worked on
in school including college um I made a
24 slide PowerPoint presentations
and I sent my mom and dad down and I
said you listen parents I've had enough
of this bird I've had enough of being
single like I didn't have a dog my whole
life except for when I was a super young
kid I want a pug like before I wanted
Jackie all I want in my life was a pug
my parents kept saying no they kept
saying no until I threw together that
PowerPoint we dressed up I cleaned the
whole house put together posters I did a
little cry and now that we already have
the dog mom and that it was a fake crime
you guys fell for it so my dad said okay
my dad said yes my mom she literally was
looking at me in disgust like like you
know she was looking at me like I was on
death penalty on death row and I was
about to get killed like and she was the
one about to kill me like she didn't
talk to me she didn't say anything but I
was happy because this is the first time
she didn't say no so I was like dad does
every we're gonna get it and so we
started looking for pugs we drove two
hours away down to San Bernardino it's
like two hours away from our house
closer to LA and
here we chose out of these dogs we chose
Bosley guess which one buzzer was the
fucking one that was smiling of course
we chose him so we got Bosley and we
kept the bird but what happened is I had
to change the bird name from Bosley to
Ken so now I had a dog named Bosley
because I originally wanted a pug named
Bosley so yeah when we got the pug I
named him Bosley I actually wanted to
name him drugged Ã¤j--
and good thing I didn't because he got
traded to the heat but my my dad and
Brian were like no we don't want to be
moved Rogich so I said okay fine Bosley
I changed the name to Kent for my bird
his full name was King Chen thong but I
just called him Ken and so now I had a
bird and Bosley
and so my mom what nobody knows when we
brought Bosley home my mom didn't talk
to any of us she wouldn't look at buzz
like he wasn't allowed in the house he
lived in the garage and me and Bryan
would spend 20 hours out of the
twenty-four hours of our day in the
garage just to be with Bosley we would
beg my mom can we please bring him
inside she would say no she would say
he's dirty
we would say mom look at a picture she
wouldn't look we would say mom let's go
my garage to look at him she wouldn't go
in the garage she didn't she didn't want
anything to do with the dog she was so
fucking mad which is why I'm telling you
that it's so crazy and funny to me when
I see her like next to Buddy and petting
him because it's like her own baby and
things were not like that trust me so
you know me and Bryan the two little
devils when my mom and dad weren't home
we would sneak balls inside the house we
taught him how to go up the Sears we
taught him how to jump on the couches we
also taught him how to pee inside sadly
but anyway so here's where the story
goes terribly wrong
so yeah like I said we had Bosley and
Ken the bird and the dog Bosley kind of
like like he's like Brian he's stupid so
like he would try to attack fuck the
fucking bird the cage was set up and
Bosley knew how to get on the couch and
babe and so Baldy would like jump on the
couch and try to scratch the cage and we
would say we would say that Bosley no
and I couldn't say buzzer I'm gonna put
you in the garage because he already
lived in the garage to the house it's
all oh and that's why I always threaten
Bosley with Bosley I'm gonna put you in
the garage because he remembers he used
to live in the garage he used to never
be allowed inside and he hates it in
there so when I say Bosley I'm gonna put
you in the garage he gets so scared
that's why I say it but anyways so
Bosley kept trying to fucking knock over
the bird cage and and I felt bad I was
like I was like I understand I love the
Pug Bosley more but ken was still my
original boss so he was my first I don't
wanna say my first love but he was my
first real pet so like what we would do
then is here's a picture
we would cover the cage with a towel so
Bosley thought ken wasn't there while
Bosley was awake then when Bosley would
sleep we would take the towel off and so
the bird wouldn't see Bosley we just
have to separate them and then
one day we used to have this cleaning
lady and she came over and I came and
say it cuz it's so sad we let her take
mother duties of the bird she took the
bird back
she took the bird home and I came and
say this with a straight face on I just
want to cry she got tired of the bird
ken was a hassle she got tired of the
bird so she she had family and down in
Mexico and so she gave it to her little
you know like on I mean she gave it to
her little niece and nephews and their
mom said that the bird got sick and what
she did was she took it to CVS pharmacy
listen listen really quick the bird got
sick she didn't take it to the vet she
took it to CVS pharmacy the pharmacy
store like a Walgreens and they said
there's nothing we can do for the bird
months later I get the news Candice
ashes and dust not literally ashes and
dust but he died and I'm sure Basu was
so happy I was so sad I was like even
though we gave him away even though he
doesn't even live in the country of the
United States anymore
that was my first that what that was
Bosley this is fake impostor phony
Bosley that was the real Bosley and he
was gone and just the moral of the story
is that this story is pretty pointless
but I just wanted you guys to know that
he was not the first Bosley we had
another Bosley I also want you guys to
know that my mom was not into dogs she
would definitely was not she couldn't
stand Bosley she didn't even know what
he looked like because she refused to
look at him in the face she refused to
let him step one foot inside the house
she refused to talk about him and uh I
don't know guys so yeah I've always
wanted to plug my whole life I told
everyone I wanted to plug everybody
before we got Bosley they knew me as oh
did you get a plug in I just like no my
parents didn't let and one day I put my
mind to it dressed up PowerPoint cleaned
the whole entire house begged and begged
bag fake ride babe I don't fake cry with
you all my tears when like those are
real okay
but uh but yeah oh wait here's my mom
let's ask her about it really quick mom
mom it's okay
my Ma's Lee Bosley Bosley okay my momma
Oh Bosley my mom won't let me record it
why mom okay fine change change change
she's wearing my dad's pajamas she wants
to take all the hair off walls what she
calls him she calls it I want a vacuum
Bosley okay mom wait no I'll just here
you don't have to show your face I'll
just ask you I'll just ask I'll ask you
really quick what did you like one me my
dad and Brian came home with Bosley what
was like like what was going through
your head I was going crazy I didn't
want to look at him and I didn't look at
it you did it I know and what like like
when my dad said after me and Brian
dressed up and did the presentation and
yeah the suit and I cleaned the whole
house and I posted all over my wall
please please please like like was that
like what were you thinking when my dad
said okay how long didn't you talk to my
dad yeah and now look father go by my
mom oh you love him Bosley who's your
favorite is it my mom wait but what
about but what about before we got
Bosley who did we have in the garage no
not dogs someone that lived in the cage
yeah no yeah it was Bosley first no but
then why are we given four stars yeah
that's what I told them and the bird
passed down in Mexico and a hump said
Donald Trump killed the bird so yeah
guys this dude oddly I'm gonna put you
in the garage you remember I'm gonna put
your little step okay I'm just joking
five Osley so yeah guys that's the the
story of Bosley can my 18th birthday my
previous life of dying for a pug
and my mom's hatred for dog mom are you
in jail orange is the new black okay
okay go go bye my mom go I'm not gonna
put you in the garage go since yesterday
you vacuumed him yeah Oh bud Lee he's
showing off for the video
all right guys yeah like I said I'm
sorry no vlog today I'm vlogging today I
mean no vlog uploaded today I'm
recording a vlog today which is gonna be
uploaded tomorrow and babe time to have
fun I'm done my job for today is done
dab dab why you're gonna break your neck
if you dab when you're sleeping for
those of you guys who were surprised to
see a video today from bra wallets in
your subscription box because
yesterday's video I mentioned how like I
was feeling pretty down I was dealing
with something I was pretty stupid and
that I probably wouldn't upload for a
couple days cuz I just wasn't really
like feeling good I wasn't feeling it I
hopped on periscope this morning to
apologize to you guys to my fans saying
that I wasn't an upload today and when I
saw the reaction of those people all of
them begging you know please make a
video like no don't go don't ruin your
upload streak don't like don't miss a
day we want to watch a video from
Pilates it touched my heart I was like
you know what no I'm gonna put this
problem to the side I'm gonna make a
video for you guys and so I was like so
first I was like oh but I didn't vlog
yesterday because I wasn't expecting to
upload so I don't have a vlog and I was
like would you guys like to hear a funny
story so that's when I thought I was
like what what do I have holding in that
I haven't told you guys got that you
know I couldn't miss a day for you guys
even though despite what I said
yesterday despite what I was going to by
the way I'm feeling much better thank
you guys people were tweeting to me and
instagramming to me because I had
disabled the comment I'm feeling way way
better you guys do not need to worry
about me I'm telling you I'm living the
life I have a lovely girlfriend a great
family great friends I play the sport
that I love every single day speaking of
which I have a game tonight probably
going to lose again but I dropped 31
points last week so if I drop 31 points
and that's not enough we still lost imma
have to pull I don't know what I have to
do teammate I'm sorry but you guys got a
step up
no I got a play better too so yeah my
life is great guys don't worry about me
I hope you enjoyed this upload I'm gonna
spend some time my girlfriend right now
bro watch squad I'm out much love you
know I wouldn't have done this you guys
I would not miss an upload for you guys
