I got this oh yeah I got Jackie text me
this morning you know like she was just
feeling sick her stomach written just
overall her body her feeling sick and
fall into a favorite type of soup so I
went and picked up some fun I don't even
know if that's how you say honestly but
it's right here and she thought I was
editing she um she text me earlier
cuz while I was getting along this to be
a surprise I didn't want to cause I was
getting it so she was like oh babe
should I come over now and I was like no
I'm still editing and she was like oh
you haven't ate yet can I go bring you
food and I was like no I'm not hungry
right now
and so she thought while I was going to
get the fuck she thought I was editing
so just right now I tell you okay babe
I'm done editing so you can come now so
she's on her way
let's set up some soup for her cake you
literally tie it to where I can't open
it like are you for what for what for
what oh there we go
okay so here's
where they all know what this is like
a plant so I can go in the backyard they
gave it to me for freudian okay so
here's the soup and I got extra me
because the soup doesn't really come
with a lot of meat so yes I got Jackie
extra me because the soup doesn't really
come with a lot of me and then after we
finish this go upstairs to my room I'm
gonna get her extra extra meat
but anyway so yeah let's set this up for
okay oh my god so we got one ah
and I already set her plate I already
said her set her plate up and now she's
talking about babe before I come can I
please bring you food I know you've been
editing and you went to the gym and you
haven't ate I'm just like babe just come
I'm not hungry
wha why do I have to have a good
girlfriend I do love it though - okay
Bosley where's Jackie
go find Jackie go where's Jackie where
is she babe calls name but don't come
out fall asleep Bosley who's that go
find her go find Jackie go Bosley go
Bosley go where's Jackie go go go
please cuz he smells the fucking food he
wants the soup like you oh hey he wants
his food I know Jesus I told them I said
why do I have to have a good girlfriend
and then I said but I love her mm-hmm
I'm serious that's all right because you
get to grab my butt mm-hmm pepper okay
and because there's not that much water
yeah
little drive like you I didn't know if
you wanted green onions I only put a
little but I know you wanted this did
you make it guys look a new basketball
hoop official size for my assist they
you cost me an assist well let me try it
from here beta 5 so make it from here
they literally half-court oh oh got that
no not from Bosley's the fans that do
the sticks when jack is trying to shoot
free throws baby or DeAndre Jordan
Bosley is front row ok Bosley hey it's
done we're gonna have to dump dump over
Bosley bothering right uh-oh better not
kill him top of a crowd he's literally
like what the hell are you doing Wadley
ah you've literally always just ran him
over
can you really dunk
ah hey you can actually almost done okay
I'm gonna do a basketball trick shots
video yeah indoors damn good am I the
only one who does this go right now I'm
dressed down you know Plain White T's
and basketball shorts but I feel like
posting a picture on extreme cuz the
last time Plus almost two weeks ago so
I'm literally about to dress up and like
a button-up windbreaker earrings chain
everything I bought a dress up just so I
can take the picture and then I'm gonna
get back in into these and dress down
does anyone else do that dress up for a
picture and then literally dress like
shit when they go out
or is it just me we have to go get my
earrings all the way from my carpenters
for a picture look since I'm only taking
a selfie no one knows what no one knows
what's under looking so it's just all
nice from a half up and then down right
before I going to take the picture water
spilled over my shirt so I gotta wait
for this to dry Oh
Jagga had to go back home to get her
work clothes and she's on her way back
here when she comes back we're gonna go
get oatmeal because I don't know like
who made girls who invented girls I
don't know the way they think Jackie has
started this trend where babe I gained a
pound I need to start eating healthier
and I'm just like babe what do you meet
like I tell her I say babe your body
sexy like you don't need to do anything
I say your body is beautiful you look
beautiful
BAE but I gained one pound ball bah and
I'm just like okay you can't argue with
a girl so she's gonna come back and
we're gonna go get oatmeal and then she
said she wants a salad I'm just like
okay babe whatever you say I guess
watch your hands you and watch your
hands
I know me neither my gosh okay so
remember I said who invented girls like
who who created girls how does this make
sense I said babe so you want a salad
she said yes please the time she's on
her way here I'm just gonna go get her a
salad and then she said the bug can I go
get Starbucks while you get my salad I
said babe how are you gonna tell me all
I'm on a guy I can't eat this like all
this stuff and you're gonna tell me what
you're gonna go get a Starbucks I don't
know oh no I I gotta talk to God I asked
him why he invented girls God my
girlfriend is silly she just texted me
she's like she's like babe you you got
me soup and now you're getting me a
salad I'm gonna pay you back and I said
babe don't you read the comments on
YouTube saying you're only with me for
the money and so he could go dig me so
why would you pay me back you're
supposed to be gold diggin me like what
how Oh No she's just she's just being
really silly today I think it's cuz
she's like feeling sick like you know
what being a gold digger means
like you're supposed to use me for my
money
done that's all but it's common say no
they took out the Hometown Buffet
thank God I should taste like shit
bullshit
and now to go she wants a salad from the
crazy chicken that's El Pollo Loco do
you know what that means
oh thank you for choosing la la so would
you like to try our mango chili salad
zing Irene um no I don't want to try the
whatever sound can I get done oh hi
Brandon hey are we have you shot the
window thing thanks Irene I know her I
went to high school with her okay guys
this is my longtime friend from high
school
Irene say hi Irene I'm paying in cash to
make her life harder thanks I told
Jackie I'd eat healthy with her so I got
two salads but I have to finish my
chicken taco before she comes mm-hmm oh
this soy get rid of the evidence
I said babe you know I'm up for the
challenge to eat healthy with you guys
look hard to park cuz when Brian pranked
me I don't trust that he cleaned all the
glass good and I don't want a flat tire
so I parked all the way there and I
don't know where my girlfriend is oh my
god she parked so far babe no just park
right here guys I don't learn my litter
I don't learn my lesson from the parking
ticket prank I swear
look there's a huge parking spot right
here my girlfriend says oh I don't want
to park in front of the
is cuz it's illegal just Park babe I'm
parked illegally you could park
illegally too you're not gonna get a
ticket okay fine just park there babe oh
my gosh who invented girls wait where's
your Starbucks hey guys
and oh she's on a diet she told me she's
like I gained one pound I can only eat
oatmeal and soup and salad via Starbucks
with extra caramel babe then just park
right here then then go home go okay go
she gets extra camera extra vanilla and
then she wants to complain to me oh I
can't eat up burgers I convinced her to
park there baby like my outfit earlier
yes yeah God she texted me she was like
what did you say I can't believe she's
like why are you dressed you look so hot
and I was like babe I was literally
wearing nothing under I tricked you she
said you played me I said when don't I
play you yeah it was really just my
picture yeah was just for a picture but
if you want me to dress like that I will
I got you a salad
I got a salad - I'm up for the challenge
with you of eating healthy jackpot look
at the size of the cup extra large a
venti plate look who's here
Jackie's here babe did you what happens
here jeans how do they ripped how them
too bad mom hold on my mom's trying to
say KFC what's it called
hey no Kentucky mom so Devin Booker and
air but I went to Kentucky College they
went to Kentucky Jackie baby you like it
Bosley might Bosley literally has a
crush on my mom love and affect
affection goes it clearly what is that
as NX he's popping bars what are we
doing I'm going to put on my car so that
people think I already have a ticket
we're gonna put out a fake parking
ticket on her windshield so that when
the cop comes to actually give her a
ticket
he's gonna job already done someone
already gave her the tickets hey I asked
I asked Jackie if this cage would be
good enough for her like like for when I
go to the gym and when I'm not with it
she could just stay in this cage so that
she doesn't go out anywhere babe would
you accept of this or no wait Bosley
good boy look how good Bosley is good
boy babe you are a soccer mom I know
your license plate we're truck we're
trying to figure out okay what is it
called you don't know what it's called
either okay but I'm not oh it's fire
hydrant 500 I said fire extinguisher
baby oh my gosh just put the fucking
ticket in okay no trust in this
relationship why are you putting your
finger in my phone why do you have your
sunlight listen not even fall and help a
local South contain trust in a
relationship mm-hmm babe okay we did it
actually I do not like
so it's not like that you know I cannot
do any accent because I just can't all
right guys so right now I'm gonna go to
the mall on because because you remember
the days when I got hacked good old days
sarcasm included right there um and I
got all my photos and videos deleted off
my iPhone not just deleted but cleared
off my iCloud so they're not backed up
anywhere and I've had the same phone
since senior year of high school that's
three years worth of memories that's my
senior year of high school prom all the
trips my first two and a half years of
college this whole relationship of me
and Jackie going to all the son's games
meeting all the players meeting the cook
just a bunch of pictures and videos gone
not just off my phone but off my iCloud
too so I'm gonna go to Apple and I'm
gonna try to see what they could do but
when I spoke with them on the phone they
said that there isn't really much they
could do if it's cleared off iCloud how
much just be like yo Apple please please
buy anyways yeah I'm picking up
Stephanie because fuckboys busy right
now so we're gonna go with Steph to the
mall and hopefully hopefully Apple can
restore somehow even some of my pictures
of videos even some of them I'd be happy
please tough stuff and I know why we're
going to the mall so that you can get
your pictures back hopefully guys
imagine three years worth of memories
with your friends and girlfriend and and
NBA players and
sixteen thousand plus plus like almost
17,000 close your eyes
mad because you're about to learn how to
drive you can see me in a red light
but anyways almost 17,000 pictures and
videos I'm hoping hoping somehow they
can get them back there's a Brennan
effort taken all the tests are they bad
I do know I jump do a flip
yeah I do a flip well guys so Apple said
that they can do anything about it in
stores they said I have to call Apple
support and they said they don't think
they could do anything but but that if
any if anybody can do anything about it
that it would be up stiff it would be
Apple support over the phone oh oh oh my
earring just shocked on the fucking door
Oh bug did I never wear earrings guys so
me and Steph Stephanie we wanted sushi
and there's this really really good
sushi place right here we came all the
way back from the mall to get sushi and
look it's closed
sorry for the inconvenience we will be
closed Saturday and Sunday May 21st to
May 22nd Wow for what close don't waste
your time it's closed
hold the lies gonna see me record it's
closed it's closed should he saw me yeah
he definitely saw me it's close bro guys
and look today is literally the worst
look at this I found these broken
earrings like these earrings were like I
don't know what happened I found them in
here in like in here and I texted Jack
and I was like babe did you forget your
eggs and my car's she said no I have my
earrings so I don't know and these are
mine I don't know whose today has just
been weird honestly like I don't know
okay you know Jackie she didn't
say those aren't mine she said you just
texted the wrong girl those are someone
else's earrings fuck you and I said babe
stop but she was just joking I don't
know who's these are all honestly though
guys brain is really having the worst
day of his life man what the fuck guys
really quick just to recap this day
before we find somewhere else to eat it
so I wake up I get pranked by rug I get
pranked by my brother okay
then when me and Seth go to the mall no
offense to my family but like I haven't
seen these family members in years and
we literally run into them as soon as we
get to the mall so we're stuck talking
with them for like hour no okay
literally like 45 how long like yeah 40
minutes yeah then I go to Apple they
can't fix my phone they said I have to
call support but I've already called
support and they said that they couldn't
really do anything then my picture that
I posted on Instagram remember the one
that I dressed up for where I did it
earlier in the vlog it got taken down
because supposedly it goes against
Instagram guidelines how it literally
was the dog filtered picture and I
tweeted and everyone's like oh they're I
don't see anything wrong with it that's
confusing then we come to the sushi
place and it's closed like oh yeah and
then I wanted to buy a watch they didn't
have the one I wanted like I don't know
if you know but today I uploaded that
Call of Duty video where I was playing
call of duty I recorded it on on my
camera and it was the video was not
importing for whatever reason a 14
minute video so I had to redo the whole
thing like me and Brian kept trying to
get it to import we tried Dropbox we
dried all this and it just was it
importing for whatever reason so I had
to redo the whole video and what okay so
what's today May was May 21st
today's officially bruh wadis we hate
for what is day I don't know guys today
has just been weird like today has been
off so now just to reminiscing on the
moments of today
to go that was quite a show
look when there's a conch at her house
because scandalously turned up Brian
turn it up see we can be really precise
for guys to go along with the weird off
day that I was having yesterday I wanted
to wake up this morning at 8 a.m. to go
to the gym really early cuz I hadn't
been early in a long time
guess what time I ended up falling
asleep I fell asleep at 6:00 a.m. 6:00
in the morning I was awake till I
fucking fell asleep at 6 a.m. and then
clearly I didn't wake up at 8 in the
morning
I don't know yesterday was just it was
weird it was so off but anyways I hope
you enjoyed this vlog I hadn't walked
into two days I'm two days ago I did a
challenge yes I did that call duty video
I missed vlogging I so I'm glad I got to
get a full dog up for you guys
reward squad much love I mean I'm sure
you guys miss my vlogs and I miss
vlogging for you guys so I really really
hope you guys enjoyed this one and let
me tell you a little secret come here I
love you guys
