white guys really quick I'll reveal my
secret so since this view only shows
half my body up you know I got the chain
but enough windbreaker plugged in the
earrings but look there's no one gonna
see this
no one can see the bottom the life of a
youtuber you can wear whatever you want
like you can be in boxers from yeah okay
so what's going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and today I'm bringing
you guys my my goal be called face drugs
I'll bring you guys a Call of Duty video
and um actually you can't Claire selfies
I never I know you shouldn't even be in
face makeup duty they don't know okay so
uh what do I do free fall right yeah but
wait you are make a cloth yeah go make
any class guard hey what the fuck all
intervention it I'm not lack of a trick
stronger my poetry close the door please
guys in case you didn't know I do not
play called Julia ah I don't play any
video games so this is kind of new to me
I've done a couple of these videos and
I've never ended up winning a
free-for-all but today's different today
may May 21st noon the first time I went
a free-for-all call duty let's put the
over name actually no I'm gonna use I
might old but I love scar age when I
used to play when I was a kid like a
couple years back motto warfare to
scar-h Harvey sense what's that a shit
where you can put two attachments Harvey
sensor and grenade launcher oh my god I
love that shit but today I'm gonna go
UMP with what's rapid fire okay I'll go
with this fuck
wow there's no orange and purple
this game is bandwagon doesn't have
anything for the Suns
I'll do the blue secondary shotgun spaz
where the fuck is called with grip
semtex little fuck Marathon Pro stopping
power commando so I don't die when I
fall
whatever I'm good I'm
I'm gonna be good fine match
free-for-all let's do this bullshit oh
my god the camera will just fell this is
left let's put it right here I want to
see was good i BJ card in the house yo
rug here fuck all you guys underpass
Brian I got underpass fuck this than
that what I can people hear me fuck you
gonna know they yeah it's a good map you
better win
I'm you like that even using ska really
you're playing on my gamers how you
better fucking win everyone's gonna know
to me when I go on thirty no pressure
look I made this holy
yo yo what it do what did you you
already cost me what I want it doesn't
look it
oh stop stop stop
I'm already down one killed oh shit wait
I should've got a silencer where did you
put fucking rapid-fire rapid-fire that's
like the worst look really how do I
change it whatever so I'm already
playing against all odds with the worst
one wait is this like when we play
they're only not too quick so uh-huh
okay guys so my comment ich fuck you my
commentary for today I'm going to the
Apple store in a little bit so that I
can try to get my photos and videos back
over the phone they said they can't do
it but I'm gonna say you know what you
shut the fuck up even I fucking really
don't make sure that oh I see someone
but you mean no other knows another no
you get me the UMP no here you're here
nope yeah the one game it's all predator
missle
look how to catch a predator haha baby
son I hate this map you have to get at
least 15 kills that work I don't think
that's possible because o brien fuck can
the fucking camper a piece of shit bitch
Gilly
bitch hey hey hey
love connection to hoes okay so you're
doing bad anyways okay they're lucky
they're lucky lost the connection you
guys are lucky piece of shit that I lost
the connection okay I joined this one in
the middle we'll just go from here in
Afghan that's close to my hometown of
Iraq I'm use this Oh what oh hey you new
tuber I know yeah you know what that
means yeah that's what I always used to
do you get news I have to die ones like
this bitch a little higher a little
higher that sounds familiar
oh you come out of my telomere time
headshot come shot right in the middle
by little I'm gonna get him I'm gonna
bump with him is now you're gonna hit
marker cuz it's rigged like the NBA
Draft Lottery knows I'm here
people can and that's my nose like model
I pick two anymore that's why I'm finna
Ward's sucks oh oh stay there
motherfucker vodka and I joined this
game in the don't kill me cause I got
kill streak UAV spotted there's a
motherfucker
no he's flashing me oh my god I didn't
die I didn't die he flashed ah fuck you
Daniel will kill them ah I hate cam
freeze oh my god
so oh my god tell me them behind me
holy shit this game is so long come here
bitch wait you out come yes
hey why it's lagging isn't it yeah man
shit's whack okay my UAV expired oh
there's someone in the fucking room
where they rape everyone come on I dare
you fucker
I just flashed myself yes where's the
nuke okay relax
wait I want to use your please let there
be someone in here oh shit
tomatoes oh no they're here
hey where the fuck is a guy says right
here
headshot headshot headshot man
okay the hair here is obviously gonna
fucking kill me cuz I'm outdoors ball
carrier well what is the kills go up to
I thirty can wait about one people who
comment here like what do they talk
about yeah I have a pug and he's three I
don't know like well goes on their life
on the Suns fan I my team sucks I have a
pup
I have a brother a mom a dad a beautiful
mom and a really nice dad
what yeah we'll see find that in real
life and I stab you and you won't die
guys watch
what is that in the air Oh care package
huh
watch this
I'm sniping watch me you guys this is
foreign people ask me oh why don't you
play video games make a video game
channel
yeah no thanks I'm booked I'm all good
bar shoot me okay guys and I think I'm
in the lead I just want a nuke
so I'm gonna fucking you know what I'm
sweat I'm sniping just for that Swiper
no swiping
slap and them who recruits people to
face okay guys now it's frustrated hey
at least you got a second wait whose
ends the eggsy wolf that's like Steph
Curry playing with fucking Grant at
night I was here any longer we belong
fuck you guys okay guys so for all my
bro watch flood watch but I can't show
the body I'm sure that was a little
disappointing for all my robots who are
watching I promise whenever that is the
next time I do this I'm going to win the
free fall and not just when I'm gonna
get a nuke so on promise
okay guys so chilling bro bodies I'm out
I forgot and it's a good Saturday today
and I'm having a great day so hopefully
you guys enjoy your date well I like one
I'm not trying to be you okay
okay but if you know let's try to smash
two thousand likes here and and just how
good day guys peace out
