what if I wanna sit on this side
Brian could fit here no let me let me
update them on the situation so me and
Jackie were starving and Jackie's
complaining about oh I don't like I'm
tired of all the places we eat at now so
I want to try something so she took me
to fun I don't know if you guys know
what claw is but all it is all it is is
sink water that's it you boil some water
and you bring it out in a plate and I
don't like that so so so Jackie because
she's the princess she always gets what
she wants and I'm over here I'm not
gonna eat I'm not gonna drink sink water
it's either sink water 12 water or
something you just boil it and bring it
out in a plate so babe you have to order
me something I've never I've tried for
one time and I swear to you tasted like
salami and ever since then I just don't
like I don't eat it I don't know why but
actually I do know why because I don't
like to drink sink toilet water hey what
are you getting
it looks so hot the menu in a different
language okay so I see they have they do
have steak and chicken with rice I never
knew fucking with me I might have to try
it after all sink water with me I
thought it was just simple Audrey guys
look when I can explain what what does
this mean like no but she doesn't want
rare life so I got put on the spot
without even looking at the menu cuz I
was vlogging for you guys and I fell
under the pressure I felt I'm waiting
for you to say I fell under the pressure
she's not a true I felt under the
pressure and I was like actually I'll
just get the soup with me I got peaceful
yes oh no babe no it's you thought don't
kiss my cheeks oh I forgot I have a
spots of where I'm not allowed to kiss
my own girlfriend
I forgot okay you're not allowed to kiss
my body
I'm not busy my campus no no no I don't
know how to use chopsticks where's the
forks okay so here's the sink water with
a lot of me I never knew came with me
and green onions I'm gonna ask for a
fork babe I'm gonna ask for a fork and
get actually gonna be like what the fuck
is wrong there it is
chopsticks right there I'm gonna be like
none of them know I'm score two all
yours don't play with food it's God's
creation I got my four people are gonna
hate on me because I don't like fun it's
a personal choice if you like fuck I
don't like you any less or any more
let's see I like the meat hold on guys
look I'm an eater without blowing money
watch watch without blowing on it
without blowing on it
that's why I don't know guys quick
update I ate all the meat
there's no more meat in my thing and I'm
eating the noodles it's not as bad as I
thought honestly I'll probably come back
here so yeah I give it like a six out of
ten before I walk I'm telling you the
first time I tried it was no the first
time I tried it was like no the first
time I tried to look like negative and
then outside of six or seven it's not
that bad it's actually pretty good
then I was gonna say Jackie was like Oh
put some of this in your suit the time
in that spicy and I said babe I don't
like spicy the only spicy thing I like
is your attitude
she said that was corny I don't think so
I think it was sincere the Jackie
literally tweeted before we ordered she
said she said what type of fun should I
get what are the replies people are like
iphone 6 iphone 6 plus iphone 5 not
forward oh now I'm on my way to get
dessert from Taco Bell I don't even know
what is it they have but we're gonna
find out
babe do you want anything like tacos I'm
sure I'm not gonna talk I'm just getting
like a do sir
no thanks I was just wondering like um
do you guys have any other like desserts
besides the Cinnabon okay can I get one
order of the cinnamon twist and way babe
do you want the Cinnabon and a 12-pack
of the Cinnabon delights and that's it
go by Jackie let's see if father likes
my girlfriends go Bosley keep your
distance baby wants it so bad I'm gonna
tan Oh what oh yeah I thought you meant
sick
okay wait buzz do you want to eat you
want a treat look this is all good some
excitement over Bosley
hey the few folks over you'll never
believe it back we'll make him say make
him say no but no see oh it's too cold
for his ass baby doesn't know how look
sit down sit down sit down he'll do it
again watch get him up oh my god
hey Bosley go Bosley go oh my god
Bosley she's taken I didn't do anything
to you I did it
we're brushing no you get your own back
stop posting things about me without my
consent okay
you can't lock me out of stop using your
butt guys okay babe wait wait I turn the
camera we need to know if so first comes
all these should Ollie buy this jacket
or no it's kind of a long kind of a
hoodie see it's long I'll he give us one
more time please who uses condoms I
forgot even what that is I don't even
know what that it what's the point
silly but I'm just joking I'm just
joking bro Adi
I'm calling the day when one of my
subscribers goes there mom one of my
subscribers go see our mom and says hey
mom I got my girlfriend pregnant cuz
bruh wadis disease come on
Miguel
hey shout out y'all shout out getting
ass all day you know what it is I
support that movement honestly I shout
out shout out to the wrong lattice
Ollie's stop ruining the fun look we all
just threw on some matching I got the
tattoo to give a ninja swear look at
this so so we're all trying to match the
great khali want a t-shirt on okay wait
all right a picture oh yeah we got we're
gonna take a snapchat yeah the girl came
she was like well you guys want to rule
say I won't either
what God all leads Holly's life is made
because someone in my periscope said he
looks like Drake and I I think I see all
he go to the side you think he looks
like Drake huh yeah I be he looks like
James nice and Drake shame just face ok
we go we go Olly Olly let me see let's
go all these jeans are raped so we're
currently on the mission to buy jeans at
like so he could fucking throw on and
we're right now so you think I do I
think I could take that do you think if
you looked at yeah if you look at jagged
us I can take any one that's true
so yeah I'll leave ripped his jeans you
know the spongebob episode of ripped his
pants and go handsome you those are your
work jeans on you find someone's on sale
Brooks - yes sir what did you do oh we
could go get a massage I swear like
sitting on the stairs and getting
rotones Brookstone got the nice massage
lowered
okay here's a pet cube and oli what is
it thank you for it recharge the battery
in the dog's drawing and moving around
so if the dogs better and down than one
then a song shifter you have to recharge
it
so what about lovely yeah don't you put
my charge every night no all these
things work by battery and charge then
you're fine ooh vibration vibrate my ass
he yeah now feels like I pissed myself
so there are two shits
dogs humans Holly you're not scared of
that
he's scared of Bosley and asking like
that
legit that's a beard uncle gob r in the
Apple Store Almighty Allah
I'll see don't look
you haven't heard a swag till you seen
that
Jordan shout out a lot of squash I
honestly feel like MJ's not Michael
Jordan though where's the mirror is that
literally me with the nose
we're out here Green Park should we go
to the REC throwing out on the Reg let's
just play over here oh he has a baffle
on his car we're about it about a pull
up place we're about to try to run some
things if anyone shows up 10 p.m. we got
next all he just gave a really like
inspirational speech she said like you
know at least 21 I'm almost 21 Jordan's
almost 21 said you know any other group
of three people this age hanging out
they either you know drunk I try go to a
strip club do this we're just having a
great ass time time basketball going to
the mall went to the mall a sushi no
just hanging out about great time came
to the car came to the park that we used
to all come to us kids all he had a
basket on his cards and shooter actually
all basketballs prohibited after dose no
no it's fine but see this is the worst
will do we'll play after dusk you know
why because balls life I know it's what
is that a bottle of Jager fucking corona
case fuck all these enough with the
Drake
all you got the beats pill well it's so
cold right now
whoever it was on periscope that told
all he looks like Drake I'm a fucking
blog you I swear oh well what's that all
we you have you have a what have a knack
this game you said everyone is born with
one talent you were high so you know how
I always joke around and say my dad goes
to a strip club he really goes so hookah
lounge not a strip club it's a hookah
lounge and bro I always tell the vlogs
all my dad's out of strip club so we
know my dad's at the hookah lounge we're
gonna go make us like a visit to pay my
dad tribute he way he's at the who clubs
right now me ollie enjoyed it all gonna
pay him like a little surprise but you
pick on a moron we're gonna go pay papa
bruh wat is Papa rug whatever you want
to call him a surprise visit while he's
out smoking hookah with his brothers and
friends I'm gonna die laughing well if I
see my dad
that's sofa my uncle fusion lounge we're
about to go pull up to my dad right here
bro oh my god bro me and Jackie used to
come here and now my dad can see ya just
Park oh my god this one yeah it's fine
so now I know my dad is Jason coming
with a head on
who was booked
there's my uncle my uncle join the party
- oh my god my dad literally introduced
house he went to the back Brian
before you make your next move
nothing I think you get more points for
how hard you slam the damn Domino I
don't know how to play
