I got this and who is ready to see the
Phoenix Suns get the number one pick I'm
praying prank prank prank me please even
the number two just gonna talk to Pig
sons please literally ever since like
months and months ago this is the one
day I've been looking forward to this
the one day I've been waiting for please
don't get screwed over by the NBA
Phoenix please and um Phoenix also with
the fourth worst record which is
obviously my team if you can't tell I'm
hoping I'm hoping I'm hoping the Phoenix
Suns move up to number one or even
number two there's a huge and I repeat
myself huge like drop-off between number
two and number three I mean it's it's
like this is what they're saying top to
pick you get a franchise changing
superstar who's gonna be the best learn
on your team for the next five to ten
years one drop next the number three
pick oh yeah number three years yeah
whatever so teams are like even if they
don't get the number one pick they're
dying to get that number two big and I'm
hoping and hoping and hoping and praying
please basketball gods please please man
all day I've been playing this lottery
simulator let's see-oh at least the
sun's moved into the top three Oh number
two baby
number two oh and the Lakers lose their
pick pick guys I've been playing this
all day reading Phoenix Suns articles
Phoenix Suns wish for luck on NBA Draft
Lottery night oh the last time the
Phoenix Suns moved up on lottery night
was 1987 30 years ago 30 years ago was
the last time the Phoenix Suns were in
the dropper and moved up some crazy
Brian are the Suns getting the number
one pick
we don't want three guys see here's the
problem in any other draft yeah number
three is fine right in this draft only
first and second are good but no it's
not about good first and second are
supposedly franchise changing superstars
someone who's going to carry your team
for the next ten years
oh shipped a taxi hey kind of mess
up right here but oh yeah I love it
already play like damn I paid hundreds
for mine pay for yours
so yeah guys I don't need the number
three pick I don't need a sensing at
number four I mean dumb thing at number
five the Phoenix Suns need a top to pick
I'm not going to ask you for number one
if we get number one hallelujah thank
God
but even number two Brandon Ingram Ben
Simmons this is the day I've been
waiting for for months and months and
months ever since the Phoenix Suns
sucked which was months ago actually
years ago but this is the day I've been
waiting for two more hours
all you fans of sucky teams this is our
day all fans of sucky NBA teams unite
today we wish each other luck I'll let
your a Boston fan because you have
 Brooklyn's pick which is
miraculous but oh no way Suns
got it huh you already know what that
means and they you're you have to make
your prediction prediction what pay car
the sun's gonna get after we played a
bunch of those games one no um sadly I'm
gonna have to go with Sun five if the
Sun if the Suns get five I'm not going
to NBA draft I swear to God
well because will you see how many times
it went to five so man I watched every
minute of every Suns game this year I
went through the injuries I went through
the losses I went through the
buzzer-beaters I went through the
coaches getting fired I went through the
Markieff Morris drama please at NBA
please reward us with a number one or
number two pick that's all I'm asking
it's been 30 years since we moved up we
deserve it the Phoenix Suns deserve
after this season terrible we deserve
the number one or number two Pig we
deserve vents in his or Brandon Ingram
I'm not complaining I'll take either of
them and like I said in this year's
draft there's a huge drop-off from
number two to number three a huge one so
I'm so nervous this is honestly the the
most nervous I've been the I don't say
my whole life but this is two
more hours and I don't know we'll see
guys was rigged rig rig she's lying
she's lying why don't you pick it
outside on camera you liar why do you
have to pick in a closed room bring us
some luck he took her with him and now
the Washington Wizards which goes to the
Sun because we traded marching fingers
for it thanks Marty for the 13th overall
pick you dumbass no changes so far my
heart is actually scared
the Kings okay please can't even hear
this please not the Sun please not the
Suns please not the Suns
okay okay so that sounds have a top five
pick for sure
oh okay that's on top top four please
don't get pink tanks please go get
picnics please not the sun's clean up
sons
 the NBA I hate time v8 it's rigged
with my phone and no one cares about the
rest because then being is rigged then
you tell me there's no changes there's
no there's no changes in the want are
draft order none so the Lakers hit their
pick Boston gets Brooklyn's pick no
that's that no changes that was so
stupid I would have rather got like the
 30s pick on the fourth the
NBA babe he's actually gonna cry this is
not that doesn't it just because there's
always a team that jumps up our team
that moves out did
guys this is raid it's rigged the suns
 the NBA I hate the NBA Brandon nice
Suggs
that's so stupid that's actually
done Wilson that's actually
stupid no no changes at all okay what
for I'd rather throw throw the pick in
the trash I wouldn't even use the pick
but this one dumb of course
there were no changes of course the Suns
had like a nine percent chance to stay
out for they had a 90 percent chance to
move anywhere from 1 2 3 6 7 5 and they
stay out for of course float the NBA
 the Sun on our campus
 this great ass piece of
like wall-e huh but I what I wasted all
every single game that I ever watch for
the Sun here I watched I wasted it all
Oh every game I want our bread and I
wish I never watched any game I'd rather
be out with my friends I'd rather be at
the gym I'll be out my girlfriend I
rather be partying than watch any son's
game of last season I watched Brandon
Knight no record me I watched Brandon
Knight suck ass like literally suck
asshole on the middle of the court I
watched let's--oh miss the whole
entire season with a torn meniscus
I watched Tyson Chandler get paid
thirteen and a half million dollars a
year to average five points a game five
I watched us lose 30 out of 32 games we
went to and thirty in a span of 32 games
I watched all of that I want you to
smile on my face for days for the fourth
pick the fourth we haven't moved up in
the lottery 30 years 30 years 30 years
now make it thirty one and make it 32
because next year we're gonna suck even
worse
and we're not gonna move up in the
lottery either Oh hold on let's let's
wait for the Lakers to get the number
one Pig let's see let's watch how many a
shot the hash tag Benson is to Phoenix
all year I'm a delete all my tweets that
say that there were no changes not one
that's never happened before
that shit's so dumb
damn Benson the story some pizza tonight
so it is rate because I got commuted
yeah dikembe mutombo spoiled it that she
is rigged because the lady in the front
the dumbass
say the hole in the beginning said oh
we're gonna pick the ping-pong balls and
here's the process they admit they made
all the managers drop their phone in the
back so they don't record but earlier
Dikembe Mutombo tweeted Congrats Philly
on getting the number-one pick this
shit's raid the NBA yeah I hate Ben
Simmons I hate brain and all them
NBA I wasted all my time this year
watching all these eight everyone I hate
everyone who's my MBA they're all money
whores they do everything for money they
have nope
for the game they don't care you think
that you think they're even watching
this now they're probably at a strip
club spending their money forth
pig oh who are we gonna get it Dragan
bender let me tell the vlog I hate
Benson and I never want him on the sons
anyways itself there's something yeah
he'll never see his bosses I don't like
Ben Simmons all you he doesn't even go
to classes I didn't go to my classes
because the hacker hacked my self Ben
Simmons didn't have a hacker Tanika
stuff he didn't go to those classes he
failed his classes all he cares about
his money he's gonna be a bus and I'm
not only saying that because I'm salty
the sons all I wanted was a top
to pick you wanna if someone asked me Oh
what's your favorite sport
I'm say football because I don't like
bass one more Oh what's your favorite
basketball team I'm gonna say what are
you talking about I don't like
basketball
I don't watch basketball anymore I hate
the NBA hey I hate basketball what is
this I'm so pissed any other drafts
any other drafts the number four pick
would be fine any other draft in this
draft it's top to our bust so it's
official I'm not a basketball fan
anymore I hate the NBA I love baseball
football soccer hockey water polo
lacrosse but not us I'm changing the
color of my room we're repainting my
room we're taking everything down I'm a
San Diego I'm a San Diego Chargers and
Padres fan I'm in San Diego there's not
even a basketball team
in San Diego lab I hate basketball I
love Phillip Rivers and Keenan Allen
Antonio Gates Melvin Gordon I love all
of them I hope they follow me on Twitter
go chargers what about this nope it's
fake its fake bitch okay so next day
here you know I've calmed down a little
after giving much thought after cracking
my phone a little more sadly and after
going to my game and dropping 31 points
in anger the most points I've ever
dropped in a game
31 points my team scored 50 points I
scored 31 in Angra that made us
lottery after after giving very very
very much thought into this after a
night of sleep and just thinking about
it you know I can't complain there's a
huge chance that the Suns would actually
drop and move down from number four so I
can't complain that they say that number
four top five pick last year the number
four pick was porzingis who what ended
up being the second-best rookie so you
never know what you're going to get out
of the draft um also the Phoenix Suns
are the only team in the NBA with two
lottery picks they not only pick number
four but they also pick number thirteen
no other team has that luxury who was
the number 13th pick last year
dun dun dun Devin Booker so I guess you
can't complain two picks in the top 13
and then not to mention we have another
first-round pick the 28th pick so the
Phoenix Suns are actually set up really
really nice and they should have a great
dress
I was just paste because personally in
my opinion top two picks are really
really good and after that I'm not
really high on any of the prospects from
like three four five I'm not sold on any
of them but hey I'm not an NBA scout so
they know more than me um Phoenix strike
gold diss draft please even though
you're not picking top to find someone
find an impact player there's always
hidden gems in the draft there's always
players who like Kawhi Leonard was
picked 15 Kawhi Leonard was 15 Kobe was
picked 13 like you never know what
you're going to get so Steve Nash was
picked 15th Seth Curry was 7th or 8th so
you never know what you're gonna get
just draft smart Phoenix I overreacted
yesterday I admit I overreacted a little
bit
crack my phone a little bit more
took my anger out and just Phoenix just
draft smart pick the right players you
got to lottery picks like I said no
other team has to lottery picks and if
it were up to me I would trade the
fourth pick package it with like Brandon
I Alex land package them and Trey
for a star but um do what you guys got
to do Phoenix like I said I don't work
for the Suns for a reason you guys know
more than me
so prove me wrong I overreacted
yesterday but after thinking about it
like I said last year the fourth and
13th pick ended up being the second
fourth best rookies and Rookie of the
Year voting son got the fourth and 13th
pick personally I'm not high on the
prospects but like I said I don't work
for the NBA so Phoenix surprised me
bring bring some good players out of the
draft and prove me wrong Phoenix let's
do better next year bro watch squad I
love you all and I hope you enjoyed
watching this little rant
