got this what's going on guys
Bubba wadis here eh k / Papa reg and
today I'm gonna finally prank Brandon
he's at the gym right now what I'm gonna
do as you see there is no cars on the
driveway I'm going to bring my truck and
park it right here in the middle and as
usual Brandon when he comes from the gym
if his his parking spots been taken what
he does he just parked right here behind
the truck which is blocking the sidewalk
which is legally that's a violation so
Brandon he doesn't listen all the time I
tell him Brandon do not park on the
sidewalk he cannot block it so let's see
well I'm gonna try nobody's home right
now I'm going to bring my truck it's
right there I'm going to bring it right
here in the driveway and see when's brah
and what I have over here it's a it's a
violations parking violation it's
actually it's not real I find it in my
office when I clean my office so I'm
just going to write the violation when
he comes in and park obviously he's
going to go right away to the shower so
when you go to the shower I'm just going
to write the violation and we'll see
we're gonna go from there okay guys so
step one I brought the truck and I park
it right in the middle
right way so I'm sure Brandon is going
to come from the gym and park right
behind the truck which is he's going to
block that right the sidewalk actually
and when he goes to the shower I'm gonna
go ahead and ride the violation and
we'll go from there
I just heard the garage open so must be
running here let's see haha oh there we
go see
the job Brandon I knew it I knew ya
like that yes I'm going to shower really
quick okay did you see the game no you
just saw the lost gold over here Bosley
said okay guys he's at the shower right
now
and as you see look at the way he was
parking there we go look at that look at
that
okay let's see I'm just gonna go ahead
and write um that violation right now
and I'm gonna call them up to refinish a
shower and time and then go see what you
have any rough cut okay that's what it
looks like parking violation parking on
the side walk okay let's go do it so I'm
gonna set up the camera right icing to
this car and we'll see how
okay that's good
see this way okay guys let's do this
runnin runnin come down yes
guys my dad is home to come down sitting
there's something waiting for me outside
okay well go ahead Michael is gone well
see that fan no you can go first okay
you know all right just come on and I
saw something on the stop nobody course
it's okay don't record no
okay my dad doesn't let me record but
I'll keep you guys I'll give I'll tell
you what it is after
5350 here now for something so you you
come and I think after 10 minutes we
gather together
I just like to share
shower doesn't matter all it takes a
minute Brendan takes a minute look away
your part look this is our house it's my
house doesn't matter Brandon this is not
this is belong to the city this is your
house yeah I know that was a parking
here parking there I always forgot two
parking spots it's a truck and liquid
Portman I know I was Brian's heart
bigger he parts in one spine now I bring
something to the house I park on loaded
and right away you come after me
shower and heat that's it and I told you
I tell my Shawn movement how many time I
told you do not far right here this is
later it toots
two spots this is my sign now it's my
fault too but but you could have parked
here there and things happen mama peri
how much I don't know things $100 for
violation $100 for noise I just keep
clashes DD for college good I've been
buying how well rate rate the tickets
here how much this is can I record you
said I can't record for a while I'm
gonna put in my fault okay
guys I just got a parking ticket for
parking in my own house in my home a
parking ticket that is halfway up the
sidewalk it's okay so let in my house
guys I just got a parking ticket for
parking in my own house in my own liquor
in my house yeah and it points you right
now that way I don't park here anymore
wait I ticket D do I know you know next
time you park here there and you don't
get a ticket just written ok read the
ticket as you wanna say it's my license
plate like this California 3:50 p.m.
parking on parking on the sidewalk I
know let's say here how are you gonna
bait and what's gonna this is not a
ticket it's not it's not a thicket yeah
I was a violation a warning but if but
if it were within my power we receive
Kuchiki
dad we did finish reading it I knew this
wasn't a ticket because I've got a
ticket before but I thought it took just
a parking violation my dad dad he knew
is important I know I parked this on
purpose I know you're not far behind I
am because I told you so many times do
not always Ark dad okay read it for them
okay this is not a ticket forward within
my power you would receive two tickets
because of your bullheaded inconsiderate
feeble attempt at parking you have taken
enough room for two elephants one go and
a safari of pygmies in the African
interior the reason I'm giving you this
is because in the future you may think
of someone else other than yourself you
part you took up two spots and my mom's
here too okay where's she gonna Park it
says I'm egotistical oh my god dad when
you said read the ticket I thought you
meant days parking on the live walk the
whole thing God my dad always tells me
cuz whenever he has to unload stuff for
a store he parks really close to the
garage and there's so many places I can
park and I literally Park like this or
even worse sometimes maybe in the
Grattan when the glove and and he says
don't park like that and even today I
walked in and I said dad I'm just gonna
shower move your car no move it like
that mom take a yes a parking violation
for $100 just while I went to shower and
come back down food my dad called me
down my dad saw first and and and
because a cop lives right there there's
no way a cop would actually come in this
parking lot
yeah the dumbasses
look who am I gonna hurt it's not much
it's not moving here come reading it
says parking on the side we were
vlogging I was vlogging my god really is
that a ticket you can pay for it
right here when she this what's it yeah
I just blanked it oh I got nothing my
mom - guys I actually I wasn't I wasn't
really mad I was just like really a cop
I went to go shout for 10-15 minutes a
cop actually came here gave me a ticket
for parking in my own house oh did you
really do it so maybe sometimes you'll
think of something other than yourself
fuck dad I didn't even know you know how
to work on iphone how to write down yeah
or how to write English just because
he's wearing this yeah guys badly
hey buzz wrong small waiting side guys I
can't dad you hold the camera better
than me I got uh I got prank
dad where's Ashton Kutcher I got Punk'd
I got pranked by my dad
um and what I don't know what to say I
did not think my dad of all people my
dad would prank me I guess it's the
shirt that he's wearing I don't know but
ya know I do have to stop parking like
that cuz I always Park like that with my
dad dad are you gonna back out watch me
watch me really gonna take it right now
but yeah my dad pranked me dad would
look intro and uh like I said everything
that's the first time first time I hold
a camera and I do something and let me
know make sure you drive alive don't
like wasabi
let's hit 30,000 no like did you just
hide the phone or did you actually say
okay guys we're here and we're gonna
bring ya first I hold and I did
everything by dad did an intro bubble of
the intro for a video okay then you edit
it then you
well no watching Netflix okay guys I got
pranked by my dad dad okay this is
turning into a prank family because yeah
the way I parked my dad has warned me
before and and because I wouldn't think
my dad so Brian started the pranking I
got into a second now my dad's getting
to it God knows when my mom is gonna oh
no guys yeah you scared Brian but you
haven't pranked me okay so I just got
pranked by my dad that really was intro
class like edit video yeah I did I can't
wait to see the intro of my dad but um
yeah guys so I just got prank that I
actually do up through my car cause now
I'm scared to get a ticket
wait wait wait let me tell you guys
something and I'm gonna tell my dad when
you called me from downstairs you said
there's something outside I looked and I
saw a paper on my car and I was gonna
say I was gonna say Oh dad did I like
get a ticket but out if that's what now
you were if that's not what you were
talking about I was gonna hide the paper
I thought it was a thing I was gonna
hide it I saw it from upstairs I saw it
and I okay guys well yeah I got praying
that's it it's fine okay for Wat it mama
dog ba ba ba ba ba ba
okay wait that I match okay guys I'm
actually gonna move my car now because
that you all move mantras cuz I'm
actually scared of it getting a ticket
now hopefully this didn't jinx anything
honestly oh fuck I just hit my foot yeah
watch watch me really get a ticket now
because of you guys
gah look who's finally here with the
footage of the prank dad I already know
why listen guys so I had said that I was
gonna upload the prank a couple date
that you're wearing my work shoes that I
used to wear at Albertson's how do they
fit you okay so I was supposed to upload
the prank a while ago but my dad works
from morning till night two days
straight over the weekend and I told him
I was like oh just send me the footage
and I'll edit it myself and he was like
oh I have no service at the store I
can't send it I think I think that that
my dad isn't really good with technology
but he doesn't want to admit it so he
blamed it on the service but he's
finally home now after two three days
and we could upload the prank right now
edit the prank right now prank
I got prank like two or three days ago
but my dad went to work and he didn't
know how to send videos and he was
trying to blame it on his the service of
his store up until today he finally
admitted it so now I could finally
upload this prank hey babe on a sidenote
NBA draft lottery is in five six hours
and who is ready to see the Phoenix Suns
get the number one pick I'm praying
prank prank prank please even the number
two just gonna talk to pig Suns please
literally ever since like months and
months ago this is the one day I've been
looking forward to this the one day I've
been waiting for please don't get
screwed over by the NBA Phoenix please
