I got this breakfast ready
oh hey why are you standing out in the
table you're not gonna get food well you
have your food not ours what we have it
what do we have today
Doc's fools man would hey sorry I'm
sorry
hey God sorry gotta say miles my guru to
Sunday say nothing everybody but but my
subscribers are growing so some of them
weren't with us last Sunday oh where is
it um Gupta blastoma and and to a good
we're gonna he contributed hoppers okay
Mike how the end subscribers have to
translate cook them ball Surma to the
other cells in the comments section
Bosley how's it going
yo Game seven halftime I picked the
Raptors win this game but honestly these
two teams are so evenly matched but I'm
going to Rondo anyways let me tell you
guys what is going on right now okay
this is going to be a step by step
explanation so bear with me
so first we're gonna start with step one
you guys remember my video where I drew
on Jackie's car you know I'm a psycho
boyfriend don't talk to her guys so we
marked up her car a little I don't know
if you could read
I love my boyfriend until sex you know I
drew all over her car right that's step
one okay step two
Jackie's soon-to-be stepdad her mom's
boyfriend like I said it was her mom's
birthday so her her boyfriend and her
mom went to San Francisco they come back
today okay that's step two step three
hurt her soon-to-be stepdad do you guys
remember Danny Tanner from Full House
he is that ting he is a neat freak you
know if there's a spot on the floor oh
let me pick that up if there's a little
little drip of water on the table oh let
me clean that okay step four when I was
riding on Jackie's car you had to shake
the marker to get the ink to come out
the ink is paint the paint got all over
the driveway of Jackie's house oh my god
Scott's gonna kill me you did this
guys are you see okay this actually
Scott's gonna come even off-camera yeah
for sure oh my god wait it didn't get
into house awakening in the house but
what I tried to clean it it wouldn't
come off
so her fucking let me just say this
her mom loves me her stepdad loves me
they both love me you know her mom
always invites me out to dinner she
wants she always ought to oh come over
come see Jackie you know come have some
food her stepdad loves me he's a Chicago
Bulls fan so we talk about that all the
time he always promises me oh when you
turn 21 we'll go out have some beers
they both love me I'm on their good side
we're not gonna ruin this so I'm going
to go wash Jackie's car while she's at
work because when her parents come home
back from San Francisco and they see the
paint on the driveway mean and Jackie we
don't know what that is I don't know
there's no penalty because I'm gonna
clear all the pay off Jackie's car so
there I'm a clear the window mark I'm a
throw by the way listen guys we are not
going to take the L for the pay on the
driveway I'm gonna try to clean it again
but I know doesn't come off so i'ma go
to Jackie's work I was gonna go to a car
wash but I don't want to be seen driving
a car that has riding all over it that
said I love my boyfriend he's so sexy um
you know I'm in love don't talk to me
with my boy like like okay someone
called me out on being a homophobe how
does that make me a homophobe just
because I don't want to drive in a car
that says I love my boyfriend he's so
sexy with hearts on it that does not
listen when I worked at at a grocery
store the last year my bit my favorite
co-worker the one I hung out with the
Mo's most was gay so I'm not a homophobe
I don't know I'm not even gonna get into
that but instead I'm gonna go instead of
going to a car wash I'm gonna go
Jackie's at work right now it's Sunday
afternoon you know everyone's out that
restaurant she works at a restaurant
they're eating brunch busy parking lot
i'ma pull up with up
fucking bucket imma fill it up with
supplies I don't know what this marker
goes away with I don't know if it's soap
I don't know if it's Windex I don't know
if it's like a just a white towel I've
never rained with marker on my car so
i'ma pull up and I'm gonna get the paint
off her car in the middle of the parking
lot while she's working people are gonna
look at me like I'm crazy but you know
why there's gonna be okay you know why
it's gonna be fun because you guys are
coming along with me we're gonna go to
Jackie's work we're gonna get ourselves
out of this situation and I'm a cleaner
car let me just bring some supplies we
got we got uh this whatever that is
we got surface cleaner actually no this
is for grease ah we got fucking we got
we got where's the Windex how do we not
own Windex
it's cuts Basel is here we're not
allowed to be clean
okay we'll bring one more towel okay
we'll bring a water in case I get
thirsty fuck cases of water okay we got
this
come on guys we gotta get some nose dog
be good all right and let's just go with
we're gonna go with Oh what the hell is
that okay well do we have another sponge
yeah sure
we got four-piece car kit yes sir we do
see what we got here oh we got this oh
we got two huh wait I don't think these
are
Eiling these are car stuff to you Oh No
cuz I didn't know you guys are going to
screenshot that shit I might as well
pose these and oh yeah oh shit got this
one too and I think we're good to go you
guys it's time to go clean Jackie's car
Oh what is this control control Ola Let
Go
10-piece chicken nuggets we don't want
that guys and I gotta hurry up because I
gotta catch the end of this raptors and
he games Game seven ain't no joke I'm
not missing this shit you gotta go hurry
you can take time with these come on
come on buzzer don't worry okay so I
tried it with the dry towel that didn't
work Latifa comes off with just water
hopefully it comes up with just water
coming off its coming off with just
water but I brought the other supplies I
might as well use it literally in the
middle of the shopping center cleaning
the car okay so I guess it comes off
with just water but for Wallace Day and
bring all the other supplies for nothing
we're putting those to use you never
know since the hacker made me feel my
classes I might be end up one day
working at a car wash
okay so look one side done but like I
said I want to use the other objects so
I want to use the spider sponge let me
check it there's actually spiders in
here first one
Clorox cleaner bleach thank you Frank so
good oh my god hey soma so Jack I'm
gonna put the breast enhancer to use
gotta have the yellow Jackie too because
she didn't park right in front of the
restaurant and I think that's because
what she's gonna say babe there was no
parking at the front of the restaurant
I'm gonna say you know what babe I know
you you just didn't want people to know
you had a boyfriend
so when the writing was on your car you
decided to park far from the restaurant
huh so we're gonna have a good talk when
she gets off on a park you want to park
like three parking spots away from the
restaurant just cuz it your car says you
have a boyfriend you should be parking
front row to let everybody know you feel
me and no I'm not I'm not a crazy
boyfriend I don't know why people think
that honestly I forgot to confirm
yesterday oh my gosh let me give her a
call right now tuning babe um I had to
tell you something so yesterday you know
I cleaned your car at the restaurant so
how come you always Park like right in
the front of the restaurant but
yesterday when when peep when you had
the boyfriend stuff on your car you
parked like down from the restaurant no
no I've seen your car from the
restaurant before no I always park here
right by that tree all right were
straight cuz I had to confront you for
no parking sure honestly so crazy like
something how am I crazy how am I taking
1121 a.m. you should you should have
been parking right in front of the
restaurant with a huge sign over your
car saying hey everyone look at the
writing on my car yeah they do know you
have a boyfriend but no hasn't hired
anybody new ever since like I came last
time I said this that she was up with
that
are so crazy really taking pictures of
yourselves
no nothing a picture of myself I heard
nothing a big jump myself what I love
you too
yo you know what people are gonna think
people are gonna think that like I'm
Jackie's eggs and she got a new
boyfriend and you know her boyfriend
wrote that all those cute things on her
car and that I'm the crazy ex is coming
and wiping it off while she's out work
cuz I'm butter I swear that's what
people are thinking no guys I'm
currently her boyfriend don't don't
worry I'm curling her boyfriend I'm just
doing her a favor while she's working
and now people are gonna think that I'm
on drugs cuz I'm talking to myself in
the middle of the parking lot oh well
job well done
rats just as I was about to leave to go
watch the end of the heat and Raptors
game Jackie texts me saying hey don't
leave ICU I'll be out in ten minutes
just wait for me so now there's a
restaurant across the street it's like a
sports bar so I'm gonna watch the end of
the game over there okay I'll catch you
guys later
of course the fucking place is closed
down of course they took all the fucking
TVs look there was one right there they
closed the place down
of course now I'm gonna I can't watch
the end of the game no oh I think they
played the game at Panda Express I'm
going I'm crossing the street to fucking
pin that you watch at least I got
arrested I'll have it on the vlog watch
this
for the he and Raptors game we going huh
wait cars we're going to watch the game
guys guys Panda TVs don't work I ran
across the street i J walked I met two
fans but I ran across the street jaywalk
my girlfriend just got off work
she texts me saying where the hell are
you I said babe you don't even know what
I had to go through yeah and pandas TVs
you're welcome
pandas TVs don't work I hate panda now
I'm never eating again maybe tonight and
callaghan's is like closed down guys
Jackie just saw the kid babe what do you
think of your car good or no I am
getting a call by Scotty I know I told
them he's Danny Tanner scary listen
though I'll have to make up a lie like
oh yeah I got it paint in my car on the
bottom yeah just know just that you
don't know how the paint got on the
driveway yeah but that's where I parked
so he's gonna know it's me just take the
fall just take the plane babe okay you
just take it for one I don't know enough
from Scotty no no no no no because your
mom and Scotty both like me we can't
ruin that okay but what if I say he
accidentally guys I'm finally right
about an NBA prediction I said I said a
rosary
I said Raptors I thought the rest would
wanna see a LeBron and d-wade Eastern
Conference Finals but the Raptors
anything but the Raptors outplayed are
you guys so Jackie's actually on her way
over right now we are going to go out to
eat
Applebee the nice little Sunday dinner
so you know I got to change some dress
not really dressed to the occasion so
give me a second to change really quick
all right guys all ready for Applebee's
you got the blue T black shorts white
sauce we're ready to go
oh wait can't forget
guys away get yourself a boyfriend who
only lets you order from the to 420
manual well she only has one page to
order I'm just joking I told her she can
get whatever she wants she doesn't want
listen listen if he ever talks bad about
me on this one more time I'm like what
is our savory bone and the what you see
this what did I say about you what did I
say maybe you like my outfit
I try something new for the dinner yeah
I told my sister let me go you with your
grandma I lied haha imagine how much you
lied to me
and you want to take our order but he
saw me doing this to you okay turn it
this way stop stop okay well let me do
my part for the fun part
it's p.o box open the video these
packages from Applebee's and I wonder
what I got oh it's a medium well sorry
thank you so much Applebee's me so much
thank you so much to me shoutout to
Applebee's come on San Diego do you love
me do you love me do you love me or not
do you do you love me or not okay okay
Bourbons you say night and we'd like
that all done stranger I'll get tricky
so we show
which is Jackie's now let's see what
happened to this one
we waited out a couple guys I'm I'm
driving home me and Jackie are about to
go back home we see alia on the road so
he hands over a lot he pulls over just
for one one one phrase go on shout-out
to the breath flatus squad wait let me
see that beard guys look at the skin
taken line oh my god okay I'll be peace
out to the peace out to the brightest
one you follow him on instagram don't
forget don't forget the party mom shout
out shout out do I leave my dues
daughter she said the floor name Ali
asked me to come over because he's home
alone this is what I walk into diesel
baby up Shaq is Ali's favorite player
favor of all time hey I told Alex one is
better than you wouldn't believe me Shaq
highlights on YouTube told you I wasn't
joking oh my god oh my god ha yep big
Shaq pan look at that playing against
Kenneth Faried
I'm just joking it's not really kind of
for you doing this oh you got a nice
room thanks bro I need to go home it's
got it's like 10:30 I'm still here still
we just had a good cup of tea with his
parents me true middle-eastern
get-together was great it was great
literally 201 a.m. 2:00 in the morning
and I'm just about to start editing this
vlog wish me luck
I wish I wish I was in my bed right now
I wish I was going to sleep but instead
I'm an edit this vlog for you guys so I
can have it up early tomorrow or
actually the day you're watching this
right now anyways good night bro watch
while I love you guys all and I hope you
enjoyed this video
Wow now the kids in case you guys gonna
see me it's like 3:00 in the morning
right now halfway through editing my
vlog I'll be up for a couple more hours
but I do this for you guys I love you
guys brats quad I do this for you guys
