I got this first tell them what that is
nice
this is Brennan's pigs face face wash my
car and brand a swatch spray it on
before I hit him in the chest and he
said do it again hit me yeah yeah then
he hit me I could do it again he hit me
so I tried to spray face wash on him
enough to work of course it only goes on
my fucking seatbelt the fuck boy has
some good luck so now I'm making him
lick it
you're not making me a pig like the
fucking face watch no you didn't even
dope dope you buy your life abundantly
do it oh I'm gonna eat it eat it
mmm so having to keep it here yes
no can you please why do we have anybody
on me I win oh no we don't have no I
shall wipe out my face look yeah what
just wash your face with my seat okay we
got Anthony here aka fuck boy and he's
gonna explain how is my driving pin
today I say about a 2 out of 10 how many
- only because we haven't got an axe
common in here like death experiences as
there is no we tried to make it you turn
the car still full 360 not a fool like a
180 and how many red lights have been
hit - different like 4 or 5 so P till
you Anthony's doing right now this is
true fuck boys shit like no ok this is
true shit is what makes your foot book
so Anthony's gonna be home alone for
like a couple hours and so he's going to
his contacts and and calling like a
bunch of girls that he has and he's just
trying to go one by one like oh who's
Trent like are you trying to come over
you try to come oh uh answer change next
one up next in line okay I'm gonna get
like 40 cup of red one time
so was that oh that was wet so that was
double use you're running out of options
no that wasn't last yeah but it goes by
last name no well I didn't go to my
office
oh okay guys I'm in Viana and Apple riot
Christine everyone is my uncle I think
Matt's gonna go to his house and give
him a happy company what you feel
dun-dun-dun Oh Teddy Zimmer branded oh
he's calling my girl number for Victoria
I mean more like come on answer I want
to hear this phone call for the video
he's it uh what's up Victoria you're
lying
wait what hello I'm come come back bitch
you don't do anything tomorrow that's
how you speak hey there holy shit you're
to monitor Birds I can get on from there
say but I would drive to see my Plaza
buddy that say all job 204 you know how
drop 200 for you though
I do follow you it's fucking face you
here tomorrow
try get something tonight tomorrow okay
you don't know no shit okay I'll text
you my other social ah
guard
my if you wanna come over yeah all right
for sure he said are you about to be
with Josh or do you want to come on no I
said are you exhaust let's go with a
brother oh I thought those are boyfriend
oh you got to be like admission and then
she was like I'll try next week it
otherwise you'd like to enter next girl
nope no work what's very much I like
that
how good are you at school I got the
wedding
yeah the way it go my fucking uncle
boom yeah but wait you have the wedding
alright bye Freddie oh my god next girl
this one has a fat ass fat bullshit oh
hello yeah like you got dropped by real
quick you got the house to yourself yeah
I mean um what are you trying to do I'm
not really doing anything tonight I just
not I just licked my lips by the way you
fucking ugly ass are you DTF
I'm always did to you I uh I live I ya
know I've been there many times bro
ah so you like anal I'll see you later
man I'll be late hey hey bud I told you
I'm showing up well I wasn't playing
around who's next
yeah yeah oh you're actually scaring me
I'm I have to leave I'm in a scared
Anthony's gonna build up his horny level
and no girl's gonna come over so he's
actually gonna try to do something with
me baby I'm leaving now guys look at
this so someone made this picture for me
we got it so it's obviously me fading
away and so I tweeted it I said I said
when you say open the door I'm here and
she says okay but I'm on my period and
you fade away and this chick that
doesn't even follow me commented lab my
ass off then she don't deserve you and I
went off on a really quick because you
can shit you get you could shit talked
me in anyway but don't shit talk me in a
way that I treat my girlfriend bad I
said it's a joke buddy when she don't
appear to actually show up to her house
with chocolate and flowers don't trip
because listen you could shit talking
about any oh shit I just saw something
you guys should talk me about anything I
don't care but don't try to make me look
like a bad boyfriend cuz I'm not a bad
boyfriend and I know that for a fact so
if you try to come at me with that over
a joke tweet that you're gonna get
roasted breast and then you have a fat
put I'm saying you're gonna tell me oh
she don't deserve you my dude my girl
dude ah she's when she's on her period
I'm the first one at her house giving
her massage bringing her chocolate
flowers and you you're gonna say she
don't deserve you over a joking tweet
you don't even follow me dude
anything you got any numbers coming I'm
running you are you have Jackie's number
okay let's all the joke what's the joke
eh if you if it's the joke offend me
you're getting punch in the face so just
not here I'll set the camera here if the
Joker
hi guys knock knock who's there me you
know da da dun who's there boo boo white
guy it's a good one
top remember what I said I'm scared of
ready push it in the tub what who shit
in the tub like who took a shit in that
tub rowdy ride it around clang crash aah
Oh hit my bitch oh god I've already
missing so long guys me and Anthony are
about to go all the way back to my house
right now because I just got word that
I'm spending the night in the night at
Jackie's house again spending the night
with the girl I'm in love with those are
the best nights you already know but um
so I'm about to go home and shower cuz I
don't want to smell like shit I'm
spending the night at her house sleeping
right next to my babe I can't smell like
shit I can't smell like Bosley so about
a go home shower drop Anthony back home
anyhow you gonna call to the ROG about
it go home shower droppin theny back
home you just come home in a shower
honestly he's just bored and operation
get a girl operation get a girl to
Sherman the vermin's house was a fail so
now he's just gonna come watch me shower
Anthony the fucking car smells like
sushi Oh guys what did my car smell like
aside from shit how would they know
bitch it's Anthony's fucking sushi left
in my car for hours and you hear guys
will play a song for Anthony for the
mission failure of getting a girl to
no failure I know you didn't want to go
to come anyways huh me over for Anthony
in tribute my god she's running low I
try with you before the letters in the
beginning I would pilot fuck boy I don't
know
Anthony gasps wait fool is that UAV from
mono or Fay - or Harrier yeah hairy ass
strike hey Bosley hey boy
long time no see buddy hey look at that
stretch look at that's good look at that
stretch who's downstairs Anthony you
want to go see Anthony come on go see
Anthony go go go go see Anthony go oh
you want me to come down with you okay
fine
okay you failed me and Grille to your
house you failed flying the drone ha
exactly bitch no you put it down then up
like you're sprinting on Mauro for two
and I learn darling Oh Bosley Bosley
knows the name look Oh Bosley do you
know Jackie yeah you want to see Jackie
Bosley I'm gonna go by Jackie but you
have to go on the couch come here let's
go on the couch go on the couch go go go
on the couch get on the couch go oh did
you get it on the couch by yourself
Oh who's a good boy who's losing weight
Bosley's losing weight the same one that
Brian prank me with
and on the same fucking one that barn
prank me with the baby powder I still
happy later on later Bosley get down go
down go just go down down Anthony go
downstairs oh we're not leaving go down
go down just go down I will what's you
good okay go
hurry okay we're going to McDonald's no
we're not
yeah we are why do you not like McDonald
cuz I hate my god Anthony they have fish
filet you can get officially that's the
closest to fish you'll get tonight
yeah okay yeah then he said okay fine
we'll get me done I'll um as if you had
a damn choice yeah get me one please
this is fine okay give me one God knows
how old these are why do I get the spoon
here they're like two or three weeks old
thanks brah
Anthony's done just said okay what
doesn't McDonald's have now the
hamburgers are fake as fuck okay then
literally have bread and a piece of fake
horse be a bone my gas light turned on
or chicken nuggets are fake but I'm
eager to see my beautiful girlfriend so
I'm not gonna put gas hopefully I
fucking make a joy joy to see your
girlfriend yeah you're gonna fucking see
the technician when he's come here a
part of fixes folks look at the line
baby does no wait I wanna know why is
McDonald's expensive that's what I want
no way yeah Anthony ethic on top of
being a CEO smug it's actually Kenny
dude why are we getting Oh No ah no
you're not okay you'll see I'll order
for you I'm gonna get you a small fries
oh that's it hey how's it going
ah good can I get a minute to order
actually thank you - okay I'm ready okay
so one one of can I get the make pick
two four five one big bag and 10-piece
chicken nuggets the quarter yeah the
ten-piece nugget and Big Mac oh Anthony
what kind of sauce do you want
ranch please yeah yeah thank ma'am Thank
You Ted Thank You Man that's for know
you want ran sir don't know okay well
you're the answer session up you fucking
fat-ass I wanted Barba courser you can't
do that okay bye good guys quick NBA
talk for this vlog I'm gonna see what
Anthony actually thinks about this way
and they don't read it it says the
Sonics are so dumb for trading two of
the best players in the NBA to the
Thunder Anthony Dino Kevin Durant and
Russell Westbrook did you know they were
both on the Sonic and they got traded to
a thunder the fuck is Sonic ing√©nue
Seattle Sonics they both got Rachel
thunder for nothing for nothing and now
really good now Westbrook averages 25
points game to Koran doing average is
almost 30 wait first what do you think
they got traded to the Thunder for
nothing and they were top five in MVP
voting both of them look both with Sonic
why did they get I don't know because
the Sonics are dumb okay anyways what do
you think I think that's really dumb do
la donna diva team anymore this right
this island so so Brandon told me that
whenever dragon got traded to Miami Heat
right yes how did you know so Ben goran
dragic trading for my from to mine he
because he didn't want to be on the Suns
cos he said he didn't get enough play
time cuz I he's play with two like gonna
get trade now he gets traded and now
he's with um Dwight Howard LeBron James
he got them bleep fuck you back to see
that imma do for you and then you acted
like Borat before you so Anthony asked
me to play Trey song and I said yo why
are you simpie he said what I'm not
sipping what does that mean I said
sipping is like it's like when you're in
your feelings like you're feeling for a
girl he said no see because when you buy
things for a girl know you spent on your
shit your all your money I went to not a
simple is like if I were to go to
someone and be like all my girls so
beautiful I love her so much they're
gonna die
Oh y-you simple dog like that you're a
simp I'm a sim like it but my friends
asking about Jackie I'll go on and on
about her because I'm a sin and that
doesn't mean I buy watch a sugar daddy
walk all tweet it tweet it what does
being a silly tip how do you not know
and you're in high school I dunno I'm
proving oh my god I didn't tweet it try
and we'll see the reply in bandar-log
Anthony's on periscope and everyone can
ask me my he has why does everyone ask
me every single day if I eat ads I'm
serious like I'm actually scared someone
leaked a video of me eating ass on like
Twitter Instagram because everyone going
to put gasps oh my god you plug a she
ass
what more do I mow grass ha
taking Devin Booker's taken I'm not
going to number three because I should
spend a night we ain't going to touch
that
let's go to guys the most annoying shit
about pumping gas is when the shit
is when this doesn't clip when they
don't say look at about this ah fuck
pumping gas guys look I went to 1 & 2
for Booker and blood cell and TJ Warren
number 12 guys I only put that much
cause it kept not it kept like
unclipping when I'll try to make it
freezing I didn't want to hold it for a
long about a pleco to be alright
Anthony guys have you heard the song it
just came out yeah it's a new song I
heard it's really good the last thing I
make it me and Anthony make a duet
channel where me and him just see yeah
babe they on the way she down the
Singapore food for her
Jackie's house house but Marcus a real
one yeah don't do that babe did you try
to wipe the whole yeah she said she
really can't see anything when she
drives we miss Bosley Bosley you gotta
go poop and Momma go buzzer you gotta go
poop
cuz if you can't tell I'm watching Game
seven heat versus Raptors if you guys
want to know my prediction about that
game and if you guys want to just
up-to-date NBA videos go follow my bro
Odyssey or go subscribe to my bro waters
NBA channel the link is in the
description below anyways I hope you
enjoyed this vlog I was actually dying
laughing the whole time I was editing it
me and Anthony fucking Anthony always
makes me laugh fuck boy never fails to
make me laugh anyways also if you guys
want to keep up with my social media I'm
really active on Twitter Instagram and
snapchat all those links are in the
description below also a periscope I
just made a periscope recently and I've
been hopping on every single day that's
linked to my twitter that's actually my
full name brandon awardees that's my
periscope go ahead and give me a fall on
all those very interactive on social
media guys oh about the prank everyone's
been asking because so my dad did the
prank to me he recorded two off his
phone so I figured you know he's been
out work these past couple days I'm just
like that send me the videos and I'll
edit them at home
he has really really bad service because
he works up in the mountain the store he
has it up in the mountains so he hasn't
been able to send the either he hasn't
been able to send them or he's just
lying to me about the service and he
just doesn't know how to send it but he
doesn't want to admit it because he
hates admitting he's not good with
technology I don't know but either way
he comes back home early today so I'm
gonna get the footage from his phone
prank should be uploaded tomorrow or at
latest on Tuesday but I'm gonna try to
get it up for you guys tomorrow and his
guys bro watch squad the best squad and
I love you guys all I gotta go back to
watching this game 7 I hope you enjoyed
this video
Wow
