if you don't score this position I'm not
your friend anymore just know that let's
see how much our friendship means I'm on
the close my song Robo all right bye
Oumar arguments more argument
and one more chance no Mel one more oh
he doesn't want to be friends with me
hey you can just tell me you don't want
to be friends go for my friendship yeah
I will meld my friend again for
everybody wondering what I think I am my
stock Oh game over game over game over
hey you want to do my friend at bat game
winners let me know baby had to do for
the boy hey you really want me to play
put those bad boys back on I was about
to leave but it's too tempting to play
more Hey
oh I don't know who just beats you guys
hey Dennis is being a lazy then he
didn't want to come play Virginia is
about to take over for cameraman I'm
paying him isn't his first job I played
like five hours of basketball and I was
about to leave I took my shoes off and
then they come basically to keep playing
blowing up all my friend
what no I cash a check I want the full
court night game 47 so you recorded like
a five-minute game for 40 bucks so that
means you get paid like a million
dollars an hour then I say there's gonna
be people in the comment section well
actually 60 divided by five no a million
dollars an hour
I thought junior would be nice and be
like no no it's okay I'll just do it for
fun okay you're a businessman in the
cloud chaser yo guys saw I was about to
head out the James and Mason who's a big
supporter of my channel what did you say
no I was I came here out pork and I saw
I al say yes and I say you saw me I took
a video and I was like damn that door
open so I closed the door and I talked
to Ronnie right now why sure the door
was open yeah like wide brims no way I
left the door open
no I mean like usually I'm gonna rush to
come play basketball but there's no way
I was in that big of a rush where I left
my door open I don't know I'm gonna have
to go check that out hopefully nobody
saw anything but someone definitely
opened the door I thought I logged I
always lost my car thanks for closing it
though that's weird
at first I thought he was like pranking
me I guess my door was open to my car
okay guys so I just finished stretching
because my body is cramping up I just
played basketball for I'd say like five
hours and earlier today this is what you
guys don't know because I didn't film it
but I was here for like three hours with
Dennis earlier and so that's a total of
eight hours that I played basketball
today my body is dead it's done after I
took my shoes off I should have just
left and the funny thing is guys Dennis
didn't know that I came here I lied to
him and said that I was taking a nap and
right when I said yo bro I'm about to
taking naps I ran down to my car and I
raced over here because I didn't want
Dennis to find out because every time I
tell my friends I'm going back to the
gym they're like no bro you gotta rest
you gotta let your body heal and all
this stuff so I just slide and then
someone in here that Dennis knows posted
a snapchat and he saw me and then it's
called me and I didn't answer I got
scared and so Dennis texted me he goes
bro I know where you are I know you're
at the gym and I said Danny I got caught
so now I'm gonna bring Dennis food so he
doesn't get mad I don't get why they get
mad bro I love basketball that's my true
love but yeah I literally had that oh I
thought it was orange and purple I'm
colorblind I was like damn Phoenix Suns
color
but yeah I literally had to escape just
to play some basketball
what kind of friends are those okay guys
so I'm leaving the gym right now and
it's time to find out if someone stole
anything from my car I don't know I hope
nobody took anything I lock my car every
single time that I leave everywhere that
I go I park and I lock my car it's
common sense and I guess today I didn't
lock in someone went over and opened the
door if they just open the door and left
that's fine I don't care
but if they open the door and took
something from the car that would be bad
so let's see my car's right here oh well
the kid is here huh yeah
and it was just like wide open yeah yeah
thank you bro yeah yeah thank you no no
no I know I'm gonna just check out
something solon man okay so most
importantly they didn't touch my
licorice bow as long as my licorice is
good yeah you don't mess with the red
vine okay just feel how hard you'd have
to eat it just feel like well it doesn't
even break it great okay guys so from
what I see nothing is stolen obviously I
don't remember exactly everything I keep
in my car well if I'm breaking into a
car the first thing I'm taking his Red
Vine oh they didn't take my freaking
shower pouch either damn these are these
were good burglars broke they were nice
I think they just wanted to play around
with the door and see what's up so there
are still some nice people in this world
he came over close my door left a note
just in case anything was stolen and
shoutout to Mason broke not only does he
watch my videos but he also takes care
of my car no but really I feel like an
idiot for leaving my car on log
hopefully I never do that again thank
God that everything was still in here
and nothing was stolen
especially my licorice I'm just joking
okay it's not time to joke around right
now I'm just thankful that everything is
in here and not stolen and yeah I got to
not do that anymore guys so while I play
basketball I checked my phone from time
to time like in between games and today
I was checking my phone and everybody
was hitting me up my phone was blowing
up so I started getting flatted I'm like
damn what's today on my birthday why is
everyone trying to talk to me but
obviously I didn't have time to reply
because I was like playing basketball
and saw I was just gonna reply to
everybody after and so I look at all the
tags right now now only wasn't my
friends texting me but
all of you guys the ballade squad
hitting me up on twitter instagram in my
youtube comments and what you guys were
saying I'm so upset
look I'll just get more into that when I
get home I'll explain it to you guys but
man yo guys so Jordan and Dennis are
here and they don't know that I surprise
them with food chick-fil-a sandwich
explain ugh it's french fries yo guys
the cameras out so if you're gonna say
anything bad wait till the camera turns
off where's Jordan I heard when I broke
your second day in a row at the gym I
thought you would be there at 11:00 p.m.
6:00 he's coming home his brains on to
my stuff there's guys with a four we got
back a link to know I had to wifey like
I was taking a nap because I knew dance
was good man I never took a nap I didn't
take one second of sleep you in did you
the whole time huh look I got you guys
hey I didn't have enough hands to carry
the drinks so I chose to bring yours
instead of mine - still in the car I
come out of the shower I'm about to do
my laundry right and I hear them go and
singing and I didn't have my camera and
I'm like no I have to get this in the
vault so I went out secretly brought my
camera
well you know I can I see your no way
okay fine the camera's not on is just
pointed at you
I see you hey I'll only turn the camera
off if you tell them what I'm wearing
right now don't know why are you looking
well that's weird the Jordans turn let's
go hey Dennis I think Jordan has a
better voice than you a little bit yeah
a little bit
we got Bruno Mars let's get it runo
we're pulling you up to your house but
we don't know exactly where it is
we're filling up to you guys but we
don't know where you guys if you're
wondering why we're driving to role
Mel's house at midnight it's because he
got me Raising Cane's okay he was nice
enough to get me Raising Cane's oh it
wrong turn he was nice enough to get me
Raising Cane's for those who don't know
I love raising cane and I was gonna pick
it up tomorrow it's gonna get it
tomorrow but Romel threatened me said if
I don't get it today he's gonna feed it
to his dog so now we're driving through
his house okay but I don't want him to
feed it to his dog I just don't want
Daisy to have my canes okay guys this
you a mill walking it looks like he's
shivering a real mellow thanks for the
canes bro did Daisy eat any of it damn
it feels a little wide Daisy was hungry
huh yeah okay guys why my phone was
blowing up that's James
it was weird I kept trying to play
basketball and every time I run past my
bag
I would just hear my phone go off and in
my head I'm like what is going on today
it's not my birthday well I did what are
you hitting me up but I didn't want to
check my phone cause I was in the middle
of a game so finally when I left the gym
like I said I checked my phone and it
turns out that Devon Booker was on
Instagram live and I guess he was trying
to go live with me
live and I was playing basketball so I
had no idea I guess he was talking to
the Bharat squad telling them to hit me
up and get me in the live I couldn't
find the full Instagram line but one of
my supporters shoutout to you
they recorded a small portion of the
live debug was just like Oh where's the
water dad get him in here where is
bravados man I don't know yeah keep that
I've never worn that either though
somebody get my man brand new here I'm
looking for him people would tell me
that he was trying to get me there for a
while and I just never saw hey this is a
missed opportunities like this like last
week he was trying to get me in his life
too and guess where I was I was at the
gym playing basketball I got a son
playing basketball
look what I'm missing out on but I ain't
debug I'll get in on your life soon
maybe today tomorrow I don't know
sometimes soon I'm not even thinking
about Devon fuck there's lives right now
I'm just thinking about Devon book you
got to make the all-star game debug
needs to be in the all-star game there's
no way around it I know we all have our
own opinions but if you in your right
mind do not be difficult it deserves to
be an all-star this year like you're
crazy
there's no way you're you're crazy
there's no way around it so debug better
be the all-star game and the all-star
game is in Los Angeles which is close to
me so I'm gonna go up there I'll
probably meet up with debug if you guys
want to see a video we'll make a video
well actually there are magnets on
camera because it would kind of ok you
know what I'll give a hand so I made
videos with Devin Booker before but you
know what I've never done it starts with
a P ends with a cave rods with tank uh
you know we'll just leave it at that but
anyways guys I'm going to close the
video right here debug I'm sorry I
missed the live like the past two times
I got a supplement so Jim for that many
hours maybe then I'll end up going live
with Devin Booker anyways like I said if
he makes the also Andy's down here in LA
we're gonna be making a video for sure
whether he gets in the game or not
there's no doubt that he deserves it
that's that's not even a question
whether he actually ended up putting on
an all-star jersey and plays in the game
there's no question that he deserves to
be there but we'll see what happens
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video
thankfully nothing got stolen from my
car I can't be done like that leaving
Carr on logs but other people can't be
done walking up and opening the door and
just leaving it open please drop a like
on this video if you did enjoy subscribe
to this channel if you are new
shout out to my supporter who ended up
screen recording that little snippet of
Devin Booker's live
I wish somebody got the whole lot
because I wanted to see what he was
saying I guess people were saying who is
he was telling them to get me into the
live anyway drop a like on this video if
you did enjoy subscribe to this channel
if you are new and other than that guys
I love you guys all brandon here AKA
bharatas and i'm out peace
