I got this
but what are we watching
no she always cries on her watch this
why sure
guys I just tweeted you and nice to me
sometimes sometimes I just tweeted it is
can I tell em what I tweeted wolf first
time said I tweeted place I tweeted I
said I'm sleeping next to the girl I'm
in love with tonight doesn't get much
better than that how cute is that
that's so fucking cute and romantic and
Jackie burned her finger out work I had
a really bad day today we're gonna give
you more tomorrow I'm gonna put my dr.
Suh on I already tried to heal the
finger tonight but it's not working at
dr. Pilates can you do my thumb too i
working in the australia bubble the
bharatas hospital is closed tonight so I
have to take over dr. duties tomorrow
that easy no I took over daddy duties
today I took it but I'm gonna test to
see if he would be a good dad
and I passed huh I took her sister you
guys would have seen it on periscope if
you follow me I took her sister to the
train station all the way in Solana
Beach so she can go visit her friend and
I had to make sure she got on the wrong
train I mean the right train and at
first she ended up going on the wrong
train and I thought it left but she
jumped off before it left anyways why
you calls smart nut anyways we're gonna
take this we're gonna pick up this we're
gonna pick us up tomorrow when I try to
heal Jackie spiders actually really hurt
yeah well guys good night
we'll see you guys tomorrow guys oh wait
I forgot to say thank you so much for
600,000 subscribers I hit it tonight
600k hashtag for wat squad hash
hashtag me hashtag dude wrote to one mil
hashtag I'm so thankful for you guys
hashtag I love every single one of you
guys hashtag it can't wait to meet all
of you
oh you know nothing do you know what I
am saying hashtag baby I'm it's too hot
hashtag if it wasn't for all you guys
this would have been possible what I
love you too baby being bad you're not
sharing a blanket you told me you sleep
like an angel mm-hmm this doesn't look
like an angel to me okay do you want me
to let you go back to sleep
first of all did you guys see that
turtle I bought it for Jackie yesterday
and she's already sleeping with it but
um so you know last night Jackie burned
her finger at work like a super hot
plane she burned her finger and so
here's the first thing I was like
rubbing some like neosporin on and in
the first-aid kit we found last night
let me show you wait where'd it go
I swear was somewhere here I saw it
yesterday
all right here look it is a window
marker so you know when people get
married and they write on their car like
just married or whatever I don't want
it's like 8:00 in the morning right now
we didn't go to sleep till like 2:00 or
3:00 but um this was in the first-aid
kit last night I was like putting the
neosporin on her finger I saw this and
we were like oh why is that in the
first-aid kit
automatically pops up in my head I'm
gonna do something to Jackies cars so
hold on guys even in her own home I
break her I literally have no boundaries
this is what you call savage to my
girlfriend's car in her own home after
sleeping over away I said shake oh I
just I hear my cousin because he lives
right there and he's in his backyard
isn't that weird my first cousin okay
let's see what are we gonna break its I
wish I had someone to record me but I
don't
this is weak hold on okay so after
cleaning her window because it says to
use on a clean surface and her window
was so ratchet now let me try it again
hey guys so we marked up her car a
little I don't know if you could read it
I have a boyfriend and he's crazy so
don't even look I love my boyfriend so
much he's psycho but I love him
my boyfriend is so sexy hmm I love him
boys don't talk to me I'm in love so we
got made a little mess here and probably
gonna kill me but oh no guys I think it
turned out pretty well you know boys
these days are savages you know they
have no chill so you got to let them
know when you're in love you can't just
be driving around and guy next to you
pulls up and rolls his window down you
gotta let him know so we got to leave
this on the car for a little while just
so people around this town know and
honestly Jackie's reaction when she
wakes up I think I told her last night
we're gonna go to IHOP in the morning so
I'll just we step out I'll have my phone
recording so we'll see her reaction I'm
gonna go wake her up right now actually
they do you like the turtle it's time to
wake up it's late okay wake up come on
sir wake up and all stop I want to put
the thing on your bird I don't have it
with me we have together
we're having trouble waking up the Beast
so hey the beautiful 40 the beautiful no
yeah you did the beautiful piece yeah
dude I'm gonna get the first aid guys
look what I have to deal with oh shit
okay gonna save me sleeping yeah I
recorded you sleepy you're like this
okay let me put the thing on your burn
it's gonna get worse okay hey guys so
she's gonna get up no okay I'll bring
here if you give me a kiss hmm that's
fine I'm your boyfriend I'm allowed to
wake you up
okay I'm gonna bring how did that babe
well what had happened was that the
cooking me a really really hot plate and
on top of that the bartender broke glass
on me so now my fingertips are bubbly I
don't think you could see it but I was
really really hot I have my PhD in the
medical field how it hurts
never mind I just got my PhD taken away
not actually really hurt okay I'm just
doing a sophomore this thing big wait
I mean lean against the wall 'some my
back hurts okay okay guys so what we're
doing here is we're applying the
ointment to the burn
wait did you tell them while you're at
my house I mean normally those reasons
I'm just saying no Balian and be like
where are you the reason I was at her
house is because it was her mom's
birthday a couple of days ago so her
mom's boyfriend took her out to San
Francisco for like a vacation for her
birthday so first and foremost happy
birthday to my mother-in-law happy
birthday to you she
21 well not really but she looks like
she just turned 21 and I hope you're
enjoying your trip very much and her
sister got dropped off like close to LA
by me so she's out with her friend and
Jackie was alone so I didn't want to
leave my girlfriend lonely so I just
went over and kept her some company
yeah right yeah he's house this is my
house guys okay baby there anything else
for the procedure oh that fucking hurt
thanks don't curse out the dog oh my god
the doctor
I'm Scott do you know dogs I really
actually hurt I'm serious Jake and Josh
and dr. V she SWA's do you want a mmm
yeah I'm gonna put um dev wrap anything
I need the web but I want it why did you
tell people I work oh look I hurt my
yeah so that they could do all my work
for me doctor you're supposed to be
gentle doctor you're not supposed to
tell the doctor how to do his work
Buster I'm fucking fated yeah but you're
not patient at all actually
we're not in a collision baby you have
fat fingers don't zoom in baby how do
you look hot even right when you wake up
I don't like seeing yeah you do but I
didn't hear you when you were asleep
right in my ear like this hey guys
before before last night she said she
told me she's like you sleep all stiff I
sleep like an angel and I saw her when
she was sleeping her mouth was open
there was drool all coming at you like
this that is such a lie she's smiling
no yeah I do and she had eye boogers all
right oh yeah mm-hmm
I'm just joking guys she's still hot
when she goes to sleep I don't know how
okay babe my shift is done you see this
doctor trying to hurry me out of this
surgery no you can stay in the bed I
just need my shift is over
where's the cab I'm hungry shout out my
doctor and shout out
you're holding it upside down game Emily
shout out doctor yes so my page scared
oh my God look how many Chin's I have
how many for what McDonald's right here
okay guys well pick this video vlog up
when we go to you wait I need to fix my
face cuz I actually look really
disgusting they know you don't need a
car don't force anything
okay I'm for real hey legs I mean and
then you see them real it's such a
catfish like oh man I know it is it is
catfish
that's how Jackie was when I saw her in
social media then I saw in real life
burrows was opposite she was all during
real life um guys you know that NBA
Draft Lottery is in three days so three
more days until the Phoenix Suns get
absolutely screwed out of their draft
position guys Jackie was actually gonna
kill me because I like 5:00 in the
morning I brought this sweet factory bag
into the room and I started eating it
literally like four or five in the
morning and how was i chewing it so no
that's where Jackie does her makeup
getting ready to go out to eat I'm
already ready tell them how you're
matching really quick guys I don't
recommend this diode to anybody
pink jacket pink hat and it's your phone
she took off her a case just so she
could show her pink phone
they don't match but guys listen if you
steal my style to not wear these brown
boots please I'm just wearing them
because my sister took all my shoes why
are you wearing sunglasses to block out
the hey babe come here are you going to
drive or do you want me to drive I can
drive
yeah I need to edit this video after you
are a mall cop you're paul Blart yes it
does let's go when you're asleep read it
oh yeah I know but I love him I love my
bf so what first of all I didn't even
know you could actually draw a heart
that's I know that's actually a nice all
right yeah actually is this is a good
one boyfriend and he's crazy so don't
even look oh my god huh my bf is so sexy
mmm you have really good hearts women I
know yeah I love him of course just cuz
it's you boys on talk to me I'm in love
I was gonna mess up on the front but I
wanted you to drive what were you in and
if I would have crushed I know but
that's fine because I noticed when you
drive some boys like look at you through
the window oh yeah okay you need to let
them know
wait okay can we drive it I just don't
see nothing to say babe I wish the
marker wasn't that faded it was the
window marker we found in the first-aid
kit yesterday I did it when you were
asleep in the movie people look I'm
gonna be like watch out kid at the bike
watch out
okay so Jackie's is almost run over kid
in a bike yeah you did
anyway guys someone's gonna call the
cops cuz they're gonna think this is
such an abusive relationship and I
forced her to ride it okay the only
thing I forced her to ride and I was
holding a fucking whip next to ride it
babe right on your car okay so now
Jackie's complaining cuz she can't see
out of her window yes there's riding all
over
yeah I don't think we were supposed to
ride it in the passenger and driver
window I don't think I've ever seen that
yeah I've already know that your excuses
so people can look at you and you don't
have that writing there's still four
other windows with it like I need to
hide it no guys I had to take action
cars so I yeah babe I see it you don't
see it you're crazy you look at me I
know obviously do you know what the next
step is instead of marking that too but
instead of marking your car on camera
Jackie sees a bill that she went to
school with that she hasn't seen in
years I hate that I hate that okay I
know I hate guys if you're if you've
graduated from high school you know
words what we talked about when you
graduate from high school and it's been
here since you've seen anyone you like
avoid seeing them at all cause like like
there's been times when I know people I
went to school with work at a certain
restaurant and I won't go there
purposely just so I don't have to talk
to them it's just like it's it's like a
I don't know like I don't know you'd
understand if you're out of high school
a couple years removed you're like hey I
was gonna say the next step instead of
marking your car I'm just gonna tattoo
your whole body with that I'll do it
myself
guys I'm mad at Jackie and I'm gonna
break up with her right after we eat
because I don't want to make a scene
this for my vlog cuz I don't want to
make a scene out how cuz I have like
feelings so I feel bad for her but as
soon as we get out oh and cuz she's
driving so you have to drive me home
first and then she's been on periscope
the whole time what kind of girlfriend
goes out to eat with her boyfriend and
stays on periscope all day who does that
Brandon let me meet you at should eat my
okay yeah you would know you would know
it would know you'd all right before I
end this video I just wanted to say that
yesterday I went to the mall I wasn't
vlogging but I went to the mall
I met upwards of twenty I want to say
thirty fans I didn't like oh my god it's
I love seeing the smile on their faces
when I meet them yeah I hopped on
periscope at the mall and I was like oh
I'm is cândido mall like if you want to
come through then just come here imma be
here for like an hour I'm telling you
like at least 20 people showed up and
people actually went over there to see
me like it's just so crazy it's just
surreal to me and I know I still haven't
taken it all in so like I miss so many
supporters so many subscribers yesterday
was crazy and I just ah this means so
much to me I'd like a Campbell just like
why are you guys smiling I'm the one
who's smiling that there are actually
people who like people getting so
excited just to see me like that makes
me smile like I know I can't help but
just like put the biggest smile on my
face when I see a fan get super excited
over meeting me I'm just like
no no it's it it it's an indescribable
feeling I don't know how I know it's
crazy guys so much love for all you guys
but of all the fans I met there were two
fans who their names were Isiah sand
Eric they fucking I was buying candy and
they ran up to me and hug me pretty much
tackled me and so like I just walked
around them at the mall here's a little
clip but anyways everybody that I met
yesterday if you're watching this you
guys oh you guys are so amazing I swear
it was crazy but thank you so much for
all your all your support again some of
them are congratulating you on 600k so
they already knew that I hid it before
even I knew like you you use supporters
are crazy you guys support me so much
through thick and thin so thank you so
much and yeah I love you guys guys I
can't I always I came I don't know how
else to start the part I came to sweet
factory because last time me and Jackie
were here she saw a stuffed animal she
liked and me being the such a generous
boyfriend she went to work so I came and
I gone with the stuffed animal and while
I was purchasing it I come and I get I
get a hug from the bag I get a hug from
the side by two fans right here what's
your name Isaiah's my name is Isaiah
Isaiah name is Derrick here they know
everything about my videos everything
about every single video and just
literally huge bands so we're going on a
little walk
tag for one score forever was what
forever forever
I'm telling you huge fans this vlog I
wasn't even vlogging today but I had to
put them in now I'm telling you guys
when I say huge fans that's an
understatement
but I'm a hop off right now peace bye I
Love You Brandon I mean I just came home
really quick took a quick shower and I
have forgotten that I promised Jackie
I'll wash your car so I'm gonna go wash
that off her car once again happy
birthday to her mom my mother-in-law I
hope you're having an amazing trip and I
know I told you guys that I would upload
the prank that my dad pulled on me today
but that's gonna have to wait because I
took an opportunity to post this video
with Jackie so you guys are gonna have
to wait on that for another day possibly
tomorrow possibly the day after but you
guys are gonna get that prank anyways
bro wat squad I love you guys all and
thank you so much for 600 k guys I was
gonna take her card to the carwash to
get it washed and then I thought about
it me driving with uh those phrases on
the windows and the back and it kind of
didn't add up
so I'm just gonna watch her car myself
because I don't want to take it to the
garage anymore imagine people look at me
and it says I love my boyfriend so much
he's so sexy and I'm and I'm just gonna
be like so I just decided to wash the
car myself honestly I think that'd be
the smarter idea
