got this it's almost 10 a.m. you guys 10
a.m. I left my Kish I left my camera in
the car some vlogging on my iPhone just
to start this really quick um so you
know today's Thursday you know Monday
through Friday I play that lunchtime
basketball but it just broke down it
honestly smells so bad if you guys could
smell you would all unsubscribe but guys
actually I'm very lucky cuz like my
whole life my burps and farts they don't
really smell bad like I know people who
if you even just burp and if they far
get the fuck away from me for me people
can handle mine but anyways you know me
lunchtime basketball like 11:30 today
I'm not gonna go play long time bat Swan
said about to go to the gym right now
guys why do I think I'm Drake but
anyways i'ma go to the gym right now
just to work out my back biceps and
maybe some ABS I don't know I'm trying
to get back into the workout grind
because like I said I took a week off
last week which is the first time in my
life that I've taken a whole week off so
on and then Jackie told me that she's
gonna go get her nails and I like 12 or
12 15 so here's the reason I'm not gonna
go play lunchtime basketballs because I
want to surprise her at the nail place
nail salon whatever it's called
but anyways before I go work out you
already know you got the healthy
breakfast on deck we got a
jack-in-the-box chicken sandwich
jack-in-the-box taco one extra taco in
here and a jack-in-the-box refuge I
don't want to talk about drugs and oh
what the fuck
oh yeah like I said if you're not eating
healthy there's just no point to working
out so you got to eat this go get that
workout in and I'll keep you guys
updated with this vlog
Oh
play me and Jackie Dan breakup damn I
got click baited by my own fucking title
turn up all this video I'm going to plug
two separate videos by gosh so many
packages so thank you guys so much for
those who sent me Maggie that's awesome
I really do appreciate you guys holy
shit don't ever get a girlfriend won't
ever get a girlfriend ah I'm gonna break
up with Jackie right now listen it it's
hot oh listen so you know I'm trying to
be on cue oh let me go surprise her
while she's getting her nails done you
know hey babe I'm here okay so she gets
her nails done right here like fucking
like all the time right here same place
and so I'm about to go like surprised I
came back from the gym rush back
uploaded my video got in the shower and
she texts me and she's like babe should
I go to uh should I go to Carmel
Mountain for my nails this time like I
heard they're really good and in my head
I'm like I'm just like no babe I heard
it's really ratchet over there so you
should just go to the same place and she
goes but babe they're like I heard it's
really cheap and they do a really good
job so I think I'm just gonna go there I
don't know where the nail place is in
fuckin Carmel Valley Carmel Mountain
whatever it's called and I'm just like
no babe it's like as a boyfriend I have
to protect you from going to ratchet
places so just go over here she's like
babe just this one time so now I'm just
like so she's over there and I asked her
I was like what's the place called and
she's like why and now my whole surprise
is going to be ruined and I said just
tell me what the place is called and
she's like okay here's the name I said
okay I'm just gonna look up to see how
ratchet it is and then she's like babe
it's not ratchet blah blah so now I'm
sure she knows I'm gonna come surprise
and it's all her fault for being so
difficult the one time
one time she wants to try something new
try a new place at the time that I have
to fucking that I want to go surprise
her
I love my girlfriend I love Jackie
anyways guys so it's 12:30 right now
this place is pretty far she's been
there for a while so you go over there
then I got my haircut appointment right
after so I'm just gonna stop by here for
a little
I'm so mad I'm sure she knows I was like
babe don't go there
what's the place called where did that
well I just saw her car so at least I
know she's not cheating on me
but okay let me go park and then
surprise her
so what my my kid Oh
today you're so cute thing just cute
that's all I use that off-camera the
judges outfit I'm wearing the red this
year every day covers hey man I got a
church I love that shirt
miss Jackie pulled out my favorite shirt
from her closet look at this you've
never seen this is me yeah but it covers
your neck shows automatically my
favorite it covers everything I love it
really quick before my hair
my king in my food guys my dad is trying
on I shared that brine gone the pill box
opening video let's see it first of all
how the hell does it fit my dad with his
belly Bosley look at look at my dad look
Bosley here look look you Hey look
I'm about to go to the bank to reopen my
bank accounts right now they had been
frozen after I got had so let's go do
that right now my guys when my phone and
iCloud got hacked I lost all my Apple
music and the first thing I did was
download this album again I think just
on this song I downloaded the whole
study walk deluxe again Jackie said the
best part about me not having Apple
music was no more Fetty WAP ha well I
just stopped massaging my hair washing
my hair guys I actually cut my hair
really sure I loved it I like actually
cut a lot from the top this time I don't
know if you guys yeah you guys toe
usually drawing on top if you don't
massage the top of my head then you have
to delete yeah I'm gonna bring ok we're
getting I'm not ordering your stuff
let's watch massage - unless on my head
I'll order if you don't miss time I have
no order
babe you've ever something here I'm not
rude okay guys we came here for a Jackie
and she's not she's not massaging my
hands I'm not gay or anything babe the
waffle crap
large you're so fucking me
um can I actually add one more drink to
that
guys look yeah what city um can I get a
venti caramel waffle cone guys so I just
finished opening up opening up new bank
accounts and I got the coolest news
about my new card wait so she was about
to give me a new card like a debit card
and then she was like if you go online
you can customize your card and you can
even put a selfie on it so I can have
but I can have my face on a card
imagine me like this on a fucking gun I
mean imagine me and Jackie a picture of
us together like you can see me on the
cheek so I got my paper so thanks know
about your taking paper I'll be like oh
that's just my sister ah or I can put a
picture of Eric but - and Devin Booker
on my god you know my routine is every
time I go on Twitter first thing I do is
I type in Devin book and everybody to
see if they followed me back yet cuz the
hacker like I said made them unfollow me
okay second thing I do is I check
Jackie's tweets try to catch your
slippin really quick and then third
thing I do is I check my notifications
okay from my beautiful bro odd squad
I love taking out notifications okay dad
dad dad okay my dad fugly what happened
okay my dad shaved the flowers off of
the drone scratch the wall Daniel hey
hey Dad okay okay Bosley what's that mom
my dear look at this I didn't see you
Bryan's p.o box opening okay guys
so this is what we do with our PA boxes
we open all them and my dad uses them
dad watch so hard okay move it Oh Bosley
what happened what happened but the
Spurs really wasted a historically good
season to get bounced in the second
round that's a shame
guys that's sad the Spurs wasted a sixty
plus wing season honor on a second round
exit but but at the same time that's
unfair to them they had to match up with
okay see okay see is a great team and
none of these teams deserves to be
bouncing the SEC around the NBA needs to
do something about that you got
Cleveland coasting through the east and
then you have the Spurs and thunder who
both deserve to be in the Western
Conference Finals but hey it is what it
is I feel ashamed I picked the Spurs to
win man okay see okay see and gonna say
is gonna be a great great great series
and I can't wait to watch that one but
Spurs really really San Antonio Oh No
okay so my girlfriend tried to snapchat
my mom what did you do mom
why because she called me for it I said
I professional chef oh that personal
okay okay that two foods here not for
you Bosley we brought food babe eat the
pineapple
we got the pineapple on deck but we
brought food for Bodley I'm trying to
vlog we brought food for the family
oh babe we brought food for the family
Bosley you're going in the garage yes
this is Middle Eastern meal yeah dad
we're forcing her to eat middle-eastern
she likes it no without my mom's outfit
please look at this so look at this a
huge huge loyal fan of me and Brian sent
my mom flowers it reads mama rug happy
belated Mother's Day from Dave Jackie
and Anita before you guys did confused
Dave is the man who sends me he sends me
and behind a lot of things in the peel
box Jackie and Anita are his two dogs
and he says they love you he has super
cute he says they love watching Bosley
so that's so awesome we have not only
fans of all ages but we also have fans
that our dogs and he sent this to our
home it's yeah it's it's actually super
caring so thank you very much Dave and
thanks to your dogs Jackie and Anita I
got a dog named Jackie myself but yeah
they're honestly so cute and they don't
refer to yourself as that no guys look
and my mom loved them too she wanted me
to put it in the van yeah my mom said Oz
is so cute but yeah thank you so much
Dave and for what squad for what squad I
hope you enjoyed this vlog I think you
see only time you'll see you love makeup
so baby you're so hard yeah um yeah so
me and Jackie today we spent some of our
time thinking of video ideas to do so we
have a lot yeah we have a lot of video
ideas I'm not gonna tell you one we're
gonna do them or what they are the next
month
really I'm about the fair oh yeah guys
well I already mentioned this earlier
but Jackie works at the fair so if you
guys are in San Diego or close to the
San Diego area or willing to come down
to the San Diego area Jackie gets a
bunch of free tickets it's usually like
fifteen to eighteen dollars just to get
into the fair and since Jackie works
there she gets a bunch of free tickets
me and her will be giving them out we're
not selfish people so if you guys want
to come to the fair
oh I literally era yeah just I'll let
you guys know like all to your all
mentioning of love which days I'm going
to go you guys can come and get some
free tickets so anyways I hope you
enjoyed this vlog and look forward to
the videos me and Jack yeah they're
gonna be really fun
hey oh yeah guys we're out good night
everybody it's almost 11 p.m. I gotta
get to editing this vlog bye guys
guys so check this out yesterday I got
news that honestly like made me wanna I
don't want to say but it made me want to
cry like so a really quick story this
guy who's been a loyal loyal loyal
subscriber true fan huge fan who's been
with me from the start I followed him on
Twitter like a couple months ago because
I just noticed he was literally all
about me like like one of my biggest
fans and I started noticing he was
tweeting kind of like down things kind
of depressing tweets so one time like i
DM to him and I was like hey do you want
to talk like I'm here for you if you
need me like cuz I noticed his tweets
were kinda down and so we talked and I
cheered him up and actually I'm not sure
if he wants me to say but I saved him
from doing something really really
stupid and this was like a couple months
ago and yesterday he sends me a snapchat
of a tattoo that says bro odd squad he
tattooed bro wat squad on is that that's
crazy that's crazy
and trust me I have tattoos I know you
don't tattoo something unless it has a
really really powerful meaning to you
unless it's something that you like just
just is so big-time to you like bruh
that that means so much to me and the
fact who would ever thought something
like I he told me I'm like one of his
biggest inspirations and like and just
guys so just just oh my god I don't even
know what to say when he sent me that I
was just like bro no way like I was
probably happier than him like it's just
crazy I told my whole family I told all
my friends they were like dude that's so
dope like you got someone who looks up
to you like that so on bro thank you so
much and like to you it might just be a
tattoo but it actually means so much to
me the fact that I've inspired someone
so much and I've helped someone else so
much without even meeting them I've
never met this person
so you know thank you so much and
honestly the tattoo looks amazing and
both it means a lot to me it means a lot
to me so shout out to you the fact that
I've had such a huge impact on
somebody's life is just something I
would never thought I'd be able to do so
to be doing it to this level is just
amazing to me and it makes me feel so
like it just makes me feel so good
but my mom is in her room and like she's
singing oh my god is that when your act
wasn't it veteran okay don't put this on
snapchat for the vlog what do you like
my song and I heard you singing the
other one before no yeah I just better
than well um easy like that boom now I
have a lot of but I got my small oh ok
Dave we're trying to get bothered to say
thank you to jackie and Anita Bosley
come here I hear you come in if you come
here I'll give you a treat you want to
treat it Dave okay you're about to come
in come here it's okay it's okay
say thank you hold on hold on hold on
hey okay look you're being bad you're
being bad look here just say it say
thanks say thanks okay Leslie are you
being bad who's a good boy um I'm
probably going to hit six hundred
thousand subscribers either today
tonight or tomorrow the latest tomorrow
and I just want you guys to understand
how much this means to me because I
don't think you guys understand how much
it means to me it's crazy how far we've
come
600,000 subscribers is amazing and the
fact that it's only going up is smile on
my face but uh thank you so much for
that because it definitely means a lot
it means much more than you guys think
it means for me so wanna say thank you
Dave Anita and Jackie for the nice
our I was so happy I went outside inside
the vase and I came running outside
Dogra and I go it's from Dave and he
said anything Jackie I know thank you so
much that means a lot to me thank you
all so thanks from Bosley
guys here's something I don't do too
often I'm giving you a sneak preview of
tomorrow's video so today I was vlogging
and uh middle of my vlog middle of my
day I get pranked by my dad um so I was
gonna upload that video today but I was
like you know what I already have a vlog
set up for today so let me just upload
this log and I'm saving that prank video
for tomorrow but I'm gonna give you guys
a little sneak preview just a couple
seconds cuz I want to build up the
anticipation for this video who all
people my dad pranked me so uh his
little sneak preview and I hope you guys
can't wait for tomorrow's video because
it's actually a good one okay going down
and I have a parking ticket for parking
in my own house
