subset s Bosley you literally look like
the Sphinx guy so I've been a pretty big
rush right now let me tell you why first
of all you know bruh wadis his back when
he starts his video with Collin Bosley a
fat ass
you know bruh wadis is back when he says
guys but anyways let me tell you really
quick so I got a lot to do today I got a
pretty busy day rug wants to make a
video when he comes back from the
dentist he said he's going to a dentist
but I honest think he's going to duck
because he says dentist surgery I
honestly he's either getting his boobs
done or he's getting the bullet and
larged I don't know but so I'm gonna go
to the gym really quick right now just
to knock it out and I gotta go to the
bank to reopen all my accounts that I
have froze
I gotta make oh I've been making so many
phone calls trying to get my videos back
and it's still like a 50/50 they don't
know for sure if I can get them back but
they're not saying no so I'm gonna make
some phone calls and and then I gotta go
talk to my school about next semester so
but for now I'm actually from home I
actually brought us this might be a noob
rewards I'm not getting chick-fil-a
breakfast I just don't have time I'm
trying to go to gym class okay let's see
if I know how to crack an egg hold on oh
okay well just all over my shirt first
of all guys what's the difference
between the mucus from my nose and this
I might as well just do all over the
plate and use it for eggs okay one more
ah egg shells are sharp so yeah I don't
have time for lunchtime basketball today
I only I'm just going out having worked
out over a week and I swear I could tell
I'm getting so much smaller losing
weight
anyways let me whip/nae t fucking pain
ah come on Britton you jack off faster
than this you can do it
oops egg okay guys I'll get back to you
when this is fucking cooking or boiling
whatever it's called okay guys so for
the oil a lot of people like to use um
this what's it called Wesson fucking
western conference oil for me I don't
like I don't like to spend a lot of
money so what I do is that just from
like the corners of my nose because I'm
a very oily person from the creases of
my nose and right here in my chain I
just rubbed the pan over my face get oil
and got this cooking so you just got to
wait for this to heat up a little I
don't even know why I'm acting like a
chef I've literally never cooked in my
life what is that Drake Drake Drake
Bugsy where is he coming from
oh never mind
that's my favorite song from Jews I'd go
to I said I love the song with Drake and
Rihanna pawsley pawsley it's Drake it's
not me
Bosley puts his face in the middle of
the poll candid eyes go sideways so he
can see through the cool watch Rihanna's
heart goes watch I fuck with Rihanna I
don't fuck you on I fuck with Rihanna
okay guys so now I think it's time to
pour the fucking egg on the pan let's
see you give it one more whip
okay I need to put this somewhere while
explaining whatever I was with here I
mom's gonna kill me
okay and then I think I've seen the
chefs do this - oh my favorite part of
the song I can keep track
okay before I get copyrighted okay let's
let this settle down I don't even know
the fucking flip I was supposed to do
person ICT just feel attached okay
whatever I'll leave this for a bit and
then I'm gonna put me some BCAAs
branch chain amino acids for when I go
to the gym I don't even know why I do
this because I don't even take looking
seriously but I see other people do it
so I'm gonna do it too
a beautiful day in sunny San Diego
I'm gonna go weatherman really quick
it's about 70 72 degrees perfect weather
the birds are chirping all paths back to
you Bob anyways in other news that was
my foot oh my god that's a big one that
will attract a lot of hands I just went
to the gym came back that was my first
time working out in man everyone that is
too long like a week everyone at the gym
is just like oh where have you been like
did you die did you move away I kind of
touch on the situation but I don't talk
about I'm just like yeah something
happens and I'm like just I've been
super busy over the past week the last
time I went to fate oh wait not to Vegas
the last time I went to the gym was
before we went to the fuck I can't talk
the last time we went to the last time I
went to the gym was before we went to
Vegas so there's an idea it's been a
week and it felt good guys so now I
don't know what I have planned for today
Jackie got the day off and the Padres
play literally like 20 minutes away they
play at Petco Park which is like 20
minutes away
I don't even like baseball honestly but
I wanted to take her to a Padres game
because she's never been to a baseball
game and I'm outed by ticket and I see
that they're not even playing at home
today they're playing on the road so
those plans are done so I don't know
what I'm gonna do today imma keep you
guys updated though you guys want to go
see rug he just got like I told you his
I guess I was wrong he actually did get
something with the teeth I thought it
was his boobs or his fucking trying to
enlarge his the bula but let's go see
he's so in love with Kylie Jenner that
he wants to be Kylie Jenner so bad look
at his lips hold on you
smile yes he's on you teeth just the
lips if he's literally permanent
intelligent oh go on floods about the
Guardian your hood guys Brian doing that
to his lips just to be like Kylie Jenner
that's like me turning myself live skin
just to be like Devin Booker like just
cuz you love someone doesn't mean you do
that much I'm a joking he got surgery
when I redid to his teeth but um he's
permanent kylie jenner lip challenge
right now listen guys you know all that
bullshit all you know bruh Wallace is
back when he makes a vlog you know bruh
Wallace is back when you hear guys you
know bruh wadis is back when the hacker
gives it sort of back no you know bruh
wadis is back when the blue t-shirt
comes on you know brought is back now
Brandon awardees bruh wadis is back I
just got out the shower popped on the
blue t-shirt and uh Jackie's about to
come here so I'm about to go get some in
and out I haven't had in and out in a
while I miss those burgers man in and I
was so good if you don't have it where
you live it's so good but the only
downside the lines are so long so I'm
gonna go really quick I'll bring you
guys along with me to in and out
hopefully the line isn't too bad I'm
gonna grab some burgers and then come
back and then see my beautiful
girlfriend RI emoji
do you want into no but oh yeah yeah I
wish wait so what could you eat like ass
juice yeah I can still do the ass boy
you know really what could you eat like
food yogurt um did use Bosley do you
want it out alright that's no mom do you
want anything out me and now my name is
doing well
guys and you know for a while this is
back when he puts the camera on the
fucking rubber duck and vlogs while he's
driving holy shit talk and you know he's
back when he's too cheap to shine on the
a/c so he opens the windows ah I just
want to apologize I want to apologize
about my hair I know it's a really
really bad look I haven't gotten a
haircut in six days I know I look
ratchet I look like a hoe I fucking I
just look dirty like grimy musty dusty I
look like a fucking porcupine a rotten
rat so I apologize I do have a haircut
appointment tomorrow so bear with me
just for today and it's time to list
some burgers start Judah oh my gosh she
won't do it okay look at the fucking
line look at this fucking line look hold
up let me go around just to show you
fuck that change of plans
I'll go to McDonald's or some shit
because no I'm sorry in-and-out k so
there's all of this right and that's not
even the line the lines fucking all the
way there look at that
fuck you in and out you lost a customer
I'll probably be back tomorrow but fuck
oh well I'll find something else ok guys
so I ended up getting this place called
kebab shop I got a side of lamb meat and
then I got this rotisserie chicken
sandwich it's pretty good I would have
rather had in and out but you can never
complain about food but I'm fucking
starving so I'm eat this while I'm
driving
wish me luck whatever I'm I'm back out
right now you always wear your seatbelt
no excuses unless you're on the freeway
imagine how big my nose is from the side
thanks bitch
pretty hot
mmm what'd you call your left hmm I
wonder what colors those are for all
right I say the whole bag of Skittles
you know that post-workout gains you
gotta get a lot of protein in you after
you workout mmm if you workout you don't
eat good or you don't eat healthy then
there's honestly no point of working out
see this has how much protein okay so
this has zero grams of protein but
everybody knows if something has do
grams of protein you just look at the
sugars in that conscious protein so it
has 30 grams of sugar per serving and
there's five servings per container so
if I'm not mistaken that 30 60 90 120
150 150 grams of protein in this bag
that I just ate mmm guys everyone asked
me who I think the Phoenix Suns are
gonna draft this year and look they've
already made their pick first round pick
Bosley let me see what you Bosley look
at me hey Bosley me and Jack I know he's
so fat was so hard for me and Jackie to
put it on him hey top five pick in the
draft Bosley you're so much cuter now I
love Bosley for the first time in my
life Bosley I love you yeah babe he's so
fat it's so tired okay go get another
treat go okay boss okay look at me Hey
so here's who got us this gift Amy came
she said your mom reminds you of my mom
except her mom's Asian baby she said she
loves you she loves Jackie she loves
Bosley Brian my mom
god bless Bosley loves it well actually
Bosley doesn't love it but we're gonna
say he does he's faster than Brandon
Knight Bosley get the treat get
oh babe loudly hey did you just touch my
girlfriend Hey
here okay that's it that's it in the
garage no more for you you don't touch
Jackie I'm the only one who touch her
guys Jackie's making me watch mm-hmm
what is it closed bring it on yeah
remember now Athena but I was the fat
one sighs I had to stay down
she said she was a fat cheerleader ah I
would like to have a belly like this
game that was belly a biggis your head
one more time hmm
like this isn't like remaking the beach
I remember look I'm weighing the shit
I'm smiling like this we worked on you
posted on Instagram remember how are you
looking like the animated
okay well why my time hey tell them
what's happening she's addicted to
making up she's addicted to making out
with me that's what is it Patrick what
is not I want my dream no you can't get
your drink you're too hyper guys wow you
guys I'm gonna shave off his I'm gonna
shave his goatee yeah ah just kidding
you would actually kill me for sure dude
hey guys oh you know bruh wha dis is
officially back when he says this gets
tougher boyfriend who feeds you
watermelon but fine just eat it okay
fine mmm hi guys so let me update you on
my day oh shit that actually scared me
so bad I thought the balloons were two
people
the ghost is probably hiding inside
those balloons but um so Jackie's on her
way to go pick up my cousin Stephanie
right now cuz I had to hop in the shower
really quick so Jackie went to go pick
Stephanie up we're all gonna go to the
mall us three
I honestly think Jackie and Stephanie
have a crush on each other they get
along better than me and Jackie man you
like when I say it feels so good to be
vlogging again you don't understand how
much like it feels so good you don't
understand but guys and you know bruh
wadis is back when I literally talk and
I just walk around like I can't just
stay still like this I can't just put
the camera down here I need to make a
video shit bruh wattage does Brian
promise you would make one motherfucker
never made one that's why I beat his ass
cuz he never made it how to be Broadus
I'm just joking but um yeah so in case
you didn't know I just made a periscope
it's linked to my Twitter's I think my
name is honestly just Brandon Awad is my
full name that's my periscope I hop on
from time to time so she wanna follow me
on that go ahead if you want to keep up
with me on snapchat bro wadis okay guys
so they just got here let's see their
reaction when they walk in the car or
step in the car and I'm playing Marvin's
Room
listen I have mark so freaking Bosley's
Paul when he attacked me yes sir I'll
pay for whatever you set me Isabella
diggers favorite baby actually so hot
guys I said let's see how they react
when the here Marvin's Room of course
Jackie fucking takes her phone out and
starts taking snapchats cake maybe he'll
put my lollipop
mob
we're all 499th I see one more time babe
you are crushing dick to this guy's
we're 99% on the way to the mall almost
there and I realized that I forgot to
put moisturizer on my face and my face
is so crispy actually crusty no it's
crispy like when I when I see his eyes
he laughs at me because I said your
elbows are so crispy Jesus you really
got that big of a dream guys we just got
Philly cheesesteaks Stephanie got uh
fries covered in cheese and the she got
like chili cheese fries and the guy said
oh the cheese is cold it's not warmed up
yet is that fine she said yeah that's
fine fucking cold cheese what am I
supposed to say no just say oh I guess I
mean difference they're gonna put a
block of cheese on one guy's guy spilled
ketchup I spilled ketchup on my teacher
of course it's why that's the only thing
I own so now I have ketchup on my white
t-shirt the look here Jackie's food
there they're getting ketchup right now
yeah what we leave for one second he
already ate half of the sandwich Steph
you literally because okay no this is my
explanation I know guys look at the wall
LaMarcus Aldridge Tim Duncan
they better win Game six there
is this my dream perfect white tees
you
guys Portland plink for literally their
lives this could be their final game of
the year what they call that a foul
cosmic column is going off 15 points
this quarter 15 he's literally battling
Steph down the stretch of course she
missed a damn free-throw because I was
hyping him up so much guys I feel bad
for Portland it should be 2 2 right now
but then Steph took over that last game
in overtime
and when I say took over I mean 17 point
overtime take over Drey mom guys Ed
Davis looks like yg when you used to
have a bus coming news with the Lakers
former Phoenix Suns general manager
Steve Kerr a lot of you guys don't know
that guys look like Jackie found on my
Twitter from two years I'm looking at
all the things he like morning I know
really guys like I said the hacker
cleared my whole entire laptop hard
drive so it's like a brand new laptop
now I just had to purchase iMovie for
$14.99 and it just finished installing
so how do I open it now except my
password okay guys so back to the good
old brevard is 12:20 in the morning and
i'm about to start editing you already
know i'll be done around like i'll know
3:00 in the morning or until I fall
asleep I always fall asleep in the
middle of editing and then I wake up
early to finish so back to that old
schedule and oh shit go new worm mmm I
love candy oh yeah so Roger start
editing a couple hours so I fall asleep
and then wake up tomorrow morning finish
editing before I go to the gym and also
get that haircut oh shit guys since the
hacker cleared my harddrive I don't have
the intro on this computer so I'm going
to record the intro with my phone and
then put that in my fucking video over
there look this is the getaway to start
a video put on pull up
okay now I have to put the intro on this
computer from that one to that one using
my phone guys check this out so I just
woke up like you could tell by my voice
it's like a tit a little later than
eight and I got hop on Twitter and I see
a bunch of tweets saying bro well let me
just tell you what they said first of
all check this out look at that all my
videos are back baby all my videos are
back I'm so hot I hop on Twitter and
everyone's like bro Congrats on getting
your videos back and I'm just like what
are you talking about like stop playing
me and I get I got all my videos back my
god so I had thought I was so scared I
thought that a whole year's worth of
hard work editing uploading recording
bringing my camera everywhere I go my
106 day upload streak I thought well I
guess you could say my streak is still
gone but I was scared that all of that
footage was gone to waste because again
my laptop hard drive was cleared so I'd
have any of the videos saved and I was
like I was all down got all my videos
back I'm so happy like I'm so happy you
guys I love you guys all and oh if you
guys miss this one this is a must see
right here I'm breaking up with you
prank check that one out if you didn't
watch it
Bryan Bryan
got my videos back he says that's crazy
Bosley courage Bosley I got my videos
back call my videos back whoa hey guys
there they're the only ones that care
happier than me then I just woke up to a
bunch of tweet saying Oh congrats on
getting your videos back and I'm just
like 1 and I went and checked myself
guys day because they see how much hard
work I put into my videos every single
day that's also stayed they were gone
but YouTube got them back
Bob Bosley doesn't care okay you guys
can go back to sleep
good night that's a huge reason huge
huge reason I was so scared all my
videos are gonna be deleted I mean I
every video my videos are long tape like
at least 3 hours to edit a couple more
hours just a render and upload to
YouTube it's like an easy 4 or 5 hour
process right they're all like I've
missed school classes trying to get
videos up for you guys I've missed
declined a bunch of times my friend said
to me hey do you want to go hang out I'm
just like no I gotta edit this video
like gym session I'm just like all that
hard work was just going down right in
front of me 270 videos but now they're
back and I'm so so thankful and so happy
oh man guys I'm ecstatic it's been like
an hour since I found out I got all my
videos back and I'm still so happy like
you don't understand how much these
videos mean to me like no I'm not gonna
get into all that just know that
everything out of the situation is
starting to look up only thing right now
is I thought I did permanently lose all
my videos and pictures I did permanently
lose everything guys on my laptop and
then for my school I'm still trying to
get that situated with the Dean but
other than that everything else has
looked up everything else has came back
and can't complain like I said
everything happens for a reason and
we'll see what comes out of this anyways
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog and I love each and every single
member of the
watch one piece
