you guys bro wadis is back YouTube
channel recovered video still gone but
got my channel back dad congratulation
brah
Hadas guys I got my YouTube channel back
I got my Twitter back we're working on
my Instagram I told you guys I said just
be patient don't unsubscribe don't
unfollow don't fall for any fake
accounts I told you guys I was working
working working with my brother's help -
we got our we got my accounts back
Bosley wake up wake up big boy I got my
accounts back I should be uploading a
video tomorrow I don't even know what
I'm gonna upload but you will get a
video tomorrow and yeah I got my email
back okay guys smoking smoking dope yeah
guys you're about to be on the periscope
watch okay fine
let's see your guys's reaction guys I
got my channel back I got my Twitter
back I got everything back we're lit
tonight so it this is for my vlog this
camera's still dead yeah my cameras dead
talk to vlog on my phone right now
anyways thank you so so much
I can't believe I got it back I was
honestly losing a little bit of hope if
we're being honest but I'm back daily
uploads start tomorrow guys here I'll
say one thing really quick before I end
this video for everybody who stuck
through with me everyone who stayed
supporting you through this honestly
this bullshit situation it was bullshit
bullshit bullshit everybody lost
everybody was in the wrong I'm not
pointing fingers I'm not blaming myself
I'm not blaming my brother no one's
taking blame we all lost we're all
losers were all stupid for this we
listen I believe in every
happens for a reason and whatever reason
this happened it'll come out later but
I'm telling you everything happens for a
reason this was honestly probably the
worst week in my life from the hate from
the hacking from failing my classes I
didn't I didn't I couldn't show up to my
finals this morning this is college you
can't show up and be like oh hey I know
we have a college final today but I'm a
youtuber and I got hacked so failed
classes just just a big big lesson
learned and you live and you learn
I'm so live so there's that but this
took a huge toll on me my family and
like I said everything happens for a
reason I'm glad I have a super
supportive girlfriend who was with me
through all of this and my two best
friends Ollie and Jordan with me through
all this guys you know that the most
amazing thing me and Jackie throughout
this whole situation we didn't argue in
it fight we didn't butt heads not one
time she stuck by my side I stood by her
side and look what happens we made it I
got all my accounts back huh and I'm
glad to be back that I was saying
everything happens for a reason I'm not
sure what the reason is now but maybe in
the future we'll see that something good
came out of this I don't know but you
live and you learn that's what I say I
lived and I definitely learned so thank
you guys so much and yet look I'm still
the same bro audience but I'm still
wearing the same fuck boy summer outfit
I got a league game tonight we're in
five we fucking suck but I don't care
cuz I'm so fucking happy I got my stuff
back I still got a smile on my face
through all this bullshit and I still
got a beautiful girlfriend a super happy
family and that's why I'm saying mom I
literally went through hell and back
this past week no I'm seeing my mom even
my brother my brother was like Brennan
how are you so like if all that happened
to me I would actually kill myself like
I hate I'm not trying to be cocky but I
handled it like a champ I was still
smiling and look what happened
everything happens for a reason I got my
stuff back
and just I love you guys so much like I
said I want to apologize to you guys
because throughout this whole situation
I can only imagine you guys used to love
me Bryan and Lawrence and now you guys
have to choose am I on this side I'm on
this side who should I believe because
there were lies told there were like
people being put on blast so I just want
to apologize for making it hard for you
guys you guys don't deserve it and all
the violence that was portrayed I got
kids watching me I got kids under 15
under 14 years old we don't want to
portray that image so I apologize if
there was any like violence name-calling
just that's not that's not what I'm
about so I want to apologize to that and
I promise a more positive channel like I
said you guys could all turn your backs
on me when I'll get on periscope when I
was hacked I was surprised that all the
support I was still getting and just
thank you guys so much for sticking by
my side I love you all like I said back
to daily uploads tomorrow bro waters is
back this was honestly just a small ok
this was a huge bump in the road but you
get over all the bumps so I love you
guys all go sons now I need to get Devin
Booker and Eric Bledsoe to follow me
again because the hacker blocked them
guys one last thing fine in this video I
just want to say Brian you know the
saying oh you don't know what you have
or you don't know what you love until
you lose it guys I literally can say
right now that ight oh ok I do love my
toe before I lose it I just want to say
that I did it honestly didn't know how
much I loved vlogging how much I loved
editing videos just how much I loved
doing YouTube in general until I lost it
like I went to sleep the past two days
in peace without having to edit without
having to wake up early to upload and
you would imagine oh wow that's good you
got some days off I hated it it just
felt so weird like like that wasn't me I
now realize I love doing this like and
it took until it got taken away from me
for me to realize it but I really love
doing this I was going to sleep and I'm
just like I'm gonna sleep like one in
the morning it's too early for me I'm
usually up editing till like 3:00 and
then I'd wake up at like 9:00 or 10:00
and I'm like what the hell usually I
wake up at like 7 a.m. so I can upload
before class or upload before I go to
the gym like I said my mom was like oh
good you deserve a few days off and I'm
just like that's not me like
I don't like I love vlogging I was going
places without carrying my camera and
I'm just like this is weird this I need
this I need the editing guys so right
now my my laptop is sadly starting up as
a new laptop because the hacker cleared
the whole entire hard drive I lost all
my videos all my schoolwork and all my
older essay so that sucks all my photos
like I said everything happens for a
reason we're gonna get we're gonna come
back we're gonna be back to where we
were this is just a bump in the road and
I just want to say like my family is
they were telling me how much like how
how good I handled the situation even
Brian came up to me man-to-man and he's
like Brandon honestly like I don't get
how you're like smiling and going out
and laughing because if this was me I
would like if all my accounts got hacked
I would be so like dead and I'm just
like Brian honestly on the inside I'm
dying
like like I'm dying on the inside but I
don't like to show I don't like when
people know because I feel like it just
kills the vibe like you could be with
people who are happy and then you'll be
like like sad and they'll feel any it
passes on so I don't like that so no
matter what was going on no matter what
was happening with my bank with my
schoolwork with everything I just smiled
through it and and look it came back so
all I can say is lesson learned this
past week was hell and thank you
everybody for uh
I was getting a lot of text from family
and everything saying like you know what
your schoolwork is gone but it's okay
like you're a strong man and all this so
thank you guys so much and like I said I
love doing this and it sucks that it got
to this point before I actually realized
it but I'm never I'm never stopping this
I'm never this is who I am
it wasn't bro body's going to sleep at
like 10:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. without
editing I need to do that but like I
said I'm still the same bruh waters
fucking white t-shirt you up the blue
t-shirt hung up right here you got
basketball you got a basketball game
tonight I'm getting the win to guys I'm
so fucking happy thank you guys so much
for sticking by my side I honestly
thought I would get so much hate because
of the video that Brian put up of him
crying but but we cleared it up we
cleared it up we cleared it up it was a
fight I didn't beat him up it was a
motherfucker actually choked me
he choked me so anyone I should be
crying but yeah so I thought I would get
a ton of hay I thought I would do this
and yes I did get some hay deservingly
because I did some wrong too so some of
the hey I got I deserve but I thought
you got nobody would support me anymore
when I still got the support when you
guys still showed how much I meant to
you guys honestly I was smiling so much
and I love I just love you guys so much
I love you guys so much I know I can say
that and bullshit I know I can say that
it's up to you if you guys believe me
but you guys are some people saying oh I
know you only do it for the money that's
why you want your channel back so bad no
man I'm if I was only doing you for the
money don't you think out I dropped out
of school super long ago like if I was
only doing it for the money don't you
think instead of going to gym out upload
two or three videos a day if I was only
doing it for the money why do you think
I said I gave a deadline if I didn't
have my channel back by Friday I promise
you guys that I was gonna start a whole
new channel from scratch zero
subscribers zero videos I was ready it's
not about the money I realized I do this
because I love it and I was prepared to
start a whole new channel from zero
thankfully I got this one back I love
you guys all and I gotta go guys I gotta
go I gotta go talk to my bank and
everything I love you guys so much yeah
guys like I said this dislike you might
think because I'm very like smiley and
laughing I always crack jokes you might
think Oh Brandon wasn't even affected by
this no I learned I learned a lot of
things I don't even want to say on
camera because they're just valuable
lessons for inside my head guys I
haven't been to the gym in seven days I
went this morning for the first time I
haven't picked up a basketball in seven
days you want to know the last time that
happened I'd say when I was 1 years old
when I was a baby
I liked like I was hurting this is this
was crazy and and like I said lessons
learned I don't even need to say what
lessons they were learned up here and
like I said my girlfriend's
stuck by me like literally so like like
I said yes I was smiling but my
girlfriend knows me too well like she
knew something was up and she texts me
like these super supportive texts and I
just be like babe I'm fun and she'd be
like no you're not like I I can tell I
know you and she was right I was now I
can admit it I went through a lot
because it's not just oh wow big deal
your YouTube got hacked no they were
like
some a lot of friends involved a lot of
family not just immediate family
extended family involved people who
don't even live here like my
girlfriend's family there was school
work there was bank there was account
and there it was just like I didn't know
and then there was all the hate from a
lot of people who were watching Brian's
video and I just want to say that I
don't want this to ever happen again
and yeah I'm I'm back I'm officially
back you know you're gonna be hearing
guys guys guys I know you guys missed
that guys you're gonna be hearing shout
out bro added squat from Olly you're
gonna be I hope I can get that prank
back somehow that I pranked my girl with
because she was crying and fuckin
through Eminem's I mean but let's do
this guys we're getting this channel
back to where it was and I love you guys
all
oh wait last thing I just want to say
cherish your photos and videos because
I've had the same phone for three years
ever since I was a senior in high school
from being a senior in high school
throughout my first two and a half years
of college I had 16,000 photos videos
and contacts guess what all of those
gone
iCloud was hacked so you came to say
I'll go to your iCloud memories from my
senior year in high school throughout my
first three college years throughout the
first eight months of my relationship
with my girlfriend all gone so cherish
those guys cherish everything you have
photos videos
