wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bruh Wallace my voice
is kind of lost right now
I've been talking way too much for the
past couple of days but let me tell you
this so yesterday may 5th was mine and
Jackie's anniversary five months we've
been dating way longer than that but
five months ago on that day I finally
grew the balls to fucking ask her out so
officially is five months but it's been
way longer than that
she had work from like 1:00 at whatever
time till closed so we couldn't really
hang out yesterday we just saw each
other for a few minutes so I told her
today because she's off today that I'd
get a hotel and we could just spend the
day there from morning till like we
would just kick it the whole day in
hotel room hey babe so um you know
yesterday was our anniversary but you
told me not to count out there as our
anniversary because we'll celebrate it
when we have more time okay well today I
just got us a hotel room and we can get
food and just we could just hang out in
the hotel room all day you don't have to
do anything
you can relax I'll give you a massage
yes I don't huh it's the Comfort Suites
I got a suite too
I already got it we can get food and
then go but I want to also talk to you
when we get there just talk to you babe
I got a hotel just be happy you're off
we're gonna go hang on okay uh honestly
you can just bring yourself because
we're gonna be there all day so you
don't have to get ready at home okay
babe I'm gonna come now because it's
already like almost 1:00 so it were
already wasting the day okay babe I love
you but okay guys so first of all she
said really okay so we take her to the
fucking hotel Your Honor I gotta get in
here first before I do the spraying
because she's gonna kill me when I do
this but I chucked my phone can you see
it cracked yeah
I checked my phone across the room I
broke my remote all this babe I promise
I'll get you back and this is a perfect
option I'm a fucking at you battle gates
we're gonna do it oh my god I'm so like
guys she's Hispanic she's latina you
guys know Latina girl friends are Oh hmm
I'm scared I'm scared but hey she
pranked me she made me look like a fool
I was so pissed look at my phone babe
what you don't know is that okay I don't
have to explain myself with all this
drama that's going on me Lawrence
Brian Jackie the video the exposure
keemstar face clan it's it's it's
exhausting it's taking a toll on me
taking a toll on my girlfriend and
taking it on everybody involved all the
families and everything so remember when
my girlfriend prank mean right here and
I got pranked and I promise you guys
I'll get her back we'll check this out
I'm gonna take her to the hotel for her
to think we're gonna enjoy a nice
anniversary and tell her that like as
much as I set up for and everything that
this whole situation is just way too
exhausting and I just can't take it
anymore
and you know me I can't deal with that
kind of sucks oh babe
we're breaking up on our five-month
anniversary you want to get me caught
you want to make me believe that you
were cheating on me and prank me with
that you saw how pissed I got so you got
me that mad babe you think I'm not gonna
get you back Jackie
babe my girlfriend we are breaking up on
our five-month anniversary
it's just a prank it's literally just a
prank literally just just well who do
you think I learned my pranking from so
thanks to my brother I get these
techniques you're gonna break up I'm
gonna break up with her because the
whole situation with Lawrence and all
the families are gone about is just too
exhausting for me like you had if you
got a girlfriend you can't take it
anymore I'm never gonna get her go too
much light so guys I wasn't planning
this prank but everything just fell into
place that it only makes sense to prank
her right now hey I didn't plan to do a
prank today but I just woke up and I'm
like hey like like pranking is all about
seizing the opportunity whether it's
when somebody comes home whether it
by you buying the right item I should
say or whether it's when something like
this happens and you could take it as oh
man I'm bummed or you could take it as
this is my opportunity to prank my
girlfriend back and that's what I'm
gonna do so I'm gonna go pick her up
right now we're gonna go to the hotel
and guys I just want to say that uh one
of my cameras is almost dead the one I'm
recording with right now and I don't
have time to charge it this being so
last-minute I have to go pick up Jackie
so I'm bringing my second camera along
in case this one died so I'm have to sit
with my other oh right here so I'm have
to set up two cameras so if if if this
dodging the prank and the ink and like
the angle or lighting changes during the
prank then that switching to my second
camera hopefully doesn't die because
this camera is way better quality way
better audio but if it does I have a
second camera just in case I'm gonna set
them up right next to each other guys
just know in this prank I'm gonna start
it off like sympathetic but then I'm
gonna come off extremely douchey like
you're gonna notice I'm gonna come off
as a complete dick guys what's the point
of a prank if you're gonna make it okay
I prank to push the fuck out of the
buttons out of the person I'm pranking
and I'm gonna get the worst out of
Jackie so if I seem a little douche or
Oprah why would you say that even though
if it's just a prank guys I prank for
you guys I praying for entertainment and
I don't want to do no prank that's oh
that was kind of funny no I'm gonna push
Jackie's buttons I'm gonna I'm going to
push your buttons and say some really
stupid shit okay
so just know that okay guys so here's
the hotel I got a room at Comfort Suites
motherfuckers charge me over $100 and
we're late but we got Jackie here babe
happy anniversary
guys look how beautiful this view is
okay guys we're about to chill this room
is actually nice for last minute I just
bet I called this morning like honestly
like an hour ago buddy some chick filet
okay guys so I came back in my car so I
can get something but what I really did
was I signed a piece of paper with my
autograph okay I came back to get a pen
and remember how I said I bought flowers
yeah I bought fake flowers from Dollar
Tree no smell they're fake up remember I
said I'm gonna go about this really
really douchey imma be like oh I didn't
want to buy you real flowers
i'ma tell her just in case I get really
big on YouTube here's my autograph guys
I'm just gonna be a really big dick and
she's gonna be like I've never seen this
side of you because you know I'm all oh
I love you babe oh you know give me a
hug give me a kiss let me post this
about you you're so beautiful let me
grab your butt and now I'm not gonna lie
guys this is nerve-wracking but I keep
thinking about well when she got me with
the fucking cheating prank
and I'm like know that she pissed me off
let's go guys let's go
babe yeah when you're done calm please
they're my M&Ms you could have them
that's my anniversary gift to you
they're mine and if you even if you did
find them why would you eat them right
there what is good to me babe ill you
smell like chocolate I talk about a
chick bullet I turned off the TV because
you always pay more attention to other
than the chick once then we know it's my
arm
um okay see my aunt is still talking
about the whole situation like my aunt
and Ivan anybody involved is just
getting like super out of hand how do
you feel about the situation exhausted
now I'm just asking because my mom dad
Brian my close friends you your family
my aunts uncles cousins are all like
look at how many calls I got just from
yesterday to today look yesterday all
these all these just people talking
about the whole situation about
everything that happened I just want to
see it I want to ask how you feel about
it you're exhausted right
yeah I know you're not happy your mom's
not happy like and at like everyone is
on your side obviously you have the
right this is you didn't even need to
give a reason why that needed to be
taken down even if you just didn't like
how you look the fact that it was
showing so much skin you just didn't
like it like you could have had any
reason the fact that it's causing this
much is so I okay you heard any call
warnings in the room before this one's
on Twitter and I you know but just
answer this just answer how did I ask
Lawrence if you can please remove the
video yeah so this should have never
gone this far because it's just
exhausted there's no reason I don't want
to talk about it anymore
I'm exhausted mentally yeah so why am I
still getting calls when I'm on tweets
like this is over it's so dumb like your
family got involved my family's involved
yeah but the fact is the thing is I'm
dealing with this like I'm not saying
anything about your fault but why am I
still dealing with it's like is it gonna
carry on for the rest of my life it's
been days it's over we stop the people
are everyone still talking but I didn't
ask you hey put me in one of your videos
I didn't ask you I did I ask your
brother in your house Lawrence
okay well this like I don't like I'm
just I'm trying to go to the gym and all
this I keep getting called but I just
don't want to deal with this it's like
super annoying like all this art our
anniversary yesterday was spent the
first half of the day was was fucking me
taking phone calls you getting all these
hate tweets and people screenshotting
that picture of your butt and then the
other half was you closing at your job
like that's how we spend our anniversary
because of this it's just dumb like and
I'm not blaming you but how am i good
like I want to say I'm just gonna say
this straight up and I don't want you to
get mad but like it's like if if if I'm
not saying yes but if me and you aren't
together anymore do you think that this
would stop like I'll stop getting all
this stuff
like if we were to break up and meet
like I just don't see you anymore like
you know I love you but this is getting
out of hand
like I'm trying to do YouTube and go to
school and I always go to the gym like I
can't deal with this but I'm not saying
I am going to break up with you but
let's just say we broke up don't you
think
it would just like stop like between me
and you like you would stop anything I
like just it's just so exhausting like
no it's all over no I don't want to
break up you know I love you what do you
mean this is an excuse so I spend every
second of my day and I just say I love
you for no reason
and we hang out every second you're my
best friend would you say that breaking
up with me just because I like because
why honestly okay don't get mad and you
know don't get married because why are
you act like I want to do this I don't
want to do it but how is this gonna fix
anything I've tried everything and
nothing work this is the last option and
even when I do break up you I'm gonna be
thinking about you every single day like
I love you I'm not doing it because oh I
want to break up there this is a good
excuse no this happened and like I want
to hear your thoughts what do you think
if we broke up
why wouldn't we greet them
I would want you to give me a good
reason for what we're breaking up don't
give me that I love you because it's
true how is it not true you really gonna
say that I just slide about this whole
time that I loved you okay bye answer
that mean someone means I have you back
to school I had your back the whole time
- this is just going getting out of
control I had your back how you gonna
say I can have your back I'm gonna say
but I'm saying okay having my back is
even I can't even look him in the face
and say this because it makes me sad I
don't want to break up with you I don't
want to do it but like I've gone and
stuff with my family over this my
brother and I hate to say it but blood
like that's my brother like this issue
with my brother and okay he okay still
this is ridiculous and I just feel like
I don't want to break up with you and
like this is literally the last option I
wasn't even thinking about it
let me just ask you this and don't get
mad if you were wearing those shorts
would any of this happen like if you
were wearing jeans or something if
you're wearing jeans or pajama answer my
question I'm just curious
so Florence came in the room with this
camera and recorded it coming I know but
that part I know I understand he did
need to come the room that's all
probably return to go to sleep but if
you but why do you get all in shorts
that sure okay fine okay okay I know I
know but I'm just saying if you were in
jeans and you want mike is then what
like this okay that's a normal fault
it's done but no I still wouldn't want
to be why my Lawrence is
why only one good reason every friends
before know where we friends after no we
never were friends okay but what I wanna
do like this situation is out of hand I
don't the thing you need to realize is
even when we break up if we do it's not
because I wanted to do it I just have to
try something like I why if we broke up
and we don't spoke anymore and my family
your family doesn't talk like I'll keep
in touch with your mom and Scotty cuz I
like them
we my mom wouldn't know my mom will
never talk to you why I would just saw
my mom to loyal to me my mom'll never
speak to you her life
why if we broke up because I had to do
it you don't have to do it okay well I
didn't want to do on our anniversary
that's such a dick move from me but like
I can't do look you just won't even hear
I will tell them and why are we here if
you won't want you told me you to talk
to you now that you want to Vega yeah
but at the same time what I still want
to spend my last the last day with you I
got you flowers look I got you flowers
don't smell them they're not real but
what for anniversary I don't want to do
is it still our anniversary we were
still dating we were and I still haven't
broke up with you I just want to know
what you think if we were to break up
why not
here give me a good reason you're really
denying flowers I bought these you know
why I paid even if we break up you're
staying the night in the hotel I pay for
the hotel
I don't care okay don't cry I'm not I
didn't say that
I broke up with you I think what do you
mean what do I think
like like what did I do wrong I just
suggested something okay but for wise
well how are you gonna say that I'm
giving you a straight-up reason I just
asked me who are you texting
am i on is like going crazy on me my
whole family's calling me like over this
so if I do break up you are you still
gonna stay in this hotel for the night
okay can I break up with you tomorrow no
I'm not trying to be a dick but I paid
for the hotel like why would you do that
that's a dick move on you and you're not
taking my flowers literally shove this
up your ass why are you being so rude I
told you I love you and I'm sad
and I don't just cuz I'm not crying
doesn't mean I'm not sad I'm sad I don't
want to break up you know how much I
love you I tell you all the time oh you
mean the world to me we're gonna get
married like all that and then now that
I have to break up with you I don't want
you you Oh shove those up your ass now I
know how you really felt about me if you
really love me yeah yeah cuz I'm sure
you already thinking about breaking up I
could just tell yeah yeah oh yeah like I
saw it like I could just tell so why not
me end it before you did it to me I
could already tell Thanks you used to
reply literally like this and now you at
least three minutes to reply to my texts
that's oh my gosh are you serious
hmmm I knew and then before let's say
this you ate the M&Ms before you got
obey things now I said oh these are mine
you're like okay thanks without even
saying babe like I can already tell like
I'm not stupid I could see the signs so
why not I end it before this okay what
see you're not even fighting from you
guys okay let's just say
is so stupid you're literally breaking
up with me over something that is calm
okay let's let me hold you maybe I'll
change my mind
come why were you with me I'm serious
hey I don't want to do it are you
serious
after all I better for you we've been
through the same amount for each other
we both have done everything for each
other
the same amount we love each other
that's not why because you have to
believe me when I say I don't want to
break up but this is just too far you
could blame you could call borings I'll
give you his number and be like fuck you
because it's your fault you could call
my brother call all my family members
I'm not breaking up with you because I
want you what do I tell you every single
night far go to sleep I send you ten
saying I love you you mean the world to
me all this you say back and we go on I
don't want to do this and I'm still
every single day for the rest of my life
I'm gonna be thinking like what could
have been with Jackie's this didn't
happen and and whoever we marry like if
I ever in marry or day another girl I'm
always gonna think like oh she doesn't
do this as good as Jackie or Jackie
would have done this differently I'm
telling you I don't want to do it but I
just have to because babe first of all
are you gonna stay off the hotel or no I
didn't pay 109 dollars plus tax for
nothing which there's our anniversary
don't ruin it I don't want the money I
just want you to stay here and then you
can leave tomorrow okay then I won't be
a couple D till tomorrow just forget I
even said anything you mean I'm not
gonna forget you said it you said
everything that you needed to say on our
anniversary seriously well I try
anniversary was yesterday so this isn't
even our anniversary I'm not a dick I
don't break up with you on our
anniversary babe okay see if you're
treating it like this and you're not
like I don't even see any sympathy from
you like you could I want you to blog
every single follower you ever got from
me every single follower you ever got
from me blog blog you know I'm not
giving you any followers I'm not giving
you you know you're not getting these
flowers and you actually know the fake
flowers you could keep them so you can
remember me with something here real
photo
like I don't have every picture why
would you know the flowers because this
is stupid why are you breaking up with
me babe I told you I don't want to stop
I told you okay if you're actually gonna
act like this I'm like I'm sorry to say
but I'm actually done you're gonna make
like this I don't know
then me or like get on your knees and
say please don't break up me if I really
mean that much as you tell me every
single night how much I mean - oh can I
call you we talked on the phone you tell
me I'm sorry the reason why you're
breaking up with me maybe this is about
keemstar keen sorry I'm sorry good day
yeah I don't get one fuck who keemstar
is why even bringing him up who is he to
me who is he to you
he wrote everyone involved ruined our
relationship I wanted to mirror you I
told you multiple times and I can be
bigger than a year just because it's our
five-month anniversary we've been dating
for almost a year like we've been
through so much we literally hung out
everything every single day for hours
more than once I will hang out before
your job you go to your work and then we
hang out after that we're with each
other all day I don't want to do this so
for you to get mad at me you should feel
bad for me that I have to do this I
don't feel I should feel bad why I think
it's your fault if you were in the video
if you were in my room that day this
would've never had if you weren't
wearing those shorts this would have
never happened it would have never
happened
I'm not blaming you but just think about
that think about we're thinking about
where you're joining me for this breakup
then I don't want I don't want to talk
anymore okay you don't even so okay I
expected you like if I haven't thought
about breaking up I expected you to try
to fight for me and everything cuz
that's how much you love me okay now
will you do my father's not do my fuck
but you're literally getting mad at me
for
something that was blown up out of
proportion because of your exbest friend
that was your call judgment on people
that you let into your life so don't
fucking come at me like oh maybe if you
were wearing longer shorts why would he
filming me why if you were wearing jeans
this would have metal document I don't
have a break up you so you're actually
breaking up with me I'm not ready yeah
you are because it's you never this so
your shorts so your shorts broke broke
up with me cuz you know you kiss me back
okay then I'll break up with you
tomorrow I got a hotel it just sweet
look we have a room yeah beds over there
we can go woody Oh throw coffee what is
this like a movie here oh let me hit my
eggs with coffee and I'ma leave the
hotel and go home don't be dramatic I
got a hotel just say I won't break up
okay so you're gonna give me let's talk
tomorrow Maria we don't have to have the
talk just right when it hits like 7:00
a.m. we're broken up and then you can
leave but but just stay in the hotel we
had plans I told her don't then what the
fuck is the point of you staying hey
sorry good hey yo so why why am I gonna
stay if you're breaking up with me what
and don't hit me am i any you okay I'm
in touching you why but see that's where
you're going wrong just counting linkage
I'm gonna pretend like this is C and
also call you babe even ten years from
now even if we break up right now which
we are after we break up I'm still gonna
call you break up with me after the way
you acted I expect you pretty much
kissing my toes for me not different not
literally but I plan you're making it
seem like this is my fault
okay I'll give you one no I can't stay
with you I want to I want to listen to
you I can't
or month no I'm gonna tell give you one
more chance but I just can't no matter
what you say it well I still love you
and we have to break up for what they
see you're not seeing the point just
like you don't see the point whenever we
talk about anything about this
relationship you don't see it you just
think about yourself because you're
stubborn okay this is what this is the
same thing it's the same thing so here
let me do this if you want to act like a
dick how am I on today please here are
the flower that I spent money on keep
them they're not going to die you could
keep these okay unfreeze your phone
because you could blog every single
follow I ever get on Instagram snapchat
Twitter you don't need to communicate
with them and here here is this I'm not
sure if you've seen it it's my autograph
because I'm only growing on YouTube so
here when I get super big you can keep
that you could sell it for more money
for why would you rip that that's worth
going to give me this is going to be
worth some money later on here yes here
you have enriched the autograph her
don't rip it I'm serious you really
never got with me over something so
stupid
this is stupid you spent every single
day wasting my time for like nine months
is how did a waste of time we learn so
much like I'm fucking in love before you
said you never been in love before we
found love and then now we can just fuck
I literally just closed her picture
saying Harlan love I am with you you're
me
well are you actually going to delete
the pictures yes why would you delete
the pictures I'm not buying only because
I want to I have to take the autograph
don't rip it that's get your spec full
don't step on it oh okay
okay well I'm saying is you're not
leaving the hotel room because I paid
for this piece of shit
okay let's go let's hang out for the
rest of the day why not
let's hang out don't go the flower oh
what a fuck do I need to bother is your
soul
okay what let's go here now okay good
stuff from why babe okay so your don't
be aggressive
I never inky you never I mean I've never
get you in this relationship so don't
admit to it I'll give you one last
chance force whatever for the past
couple days do not that's why I don't
want to do this today but it just had to
be done let me out if you can give me
one explanation why we should stay
together then we'll stay together after
this it's all to you are you serious
right now
no this you plan to break up with me so
I had thought about it this morning but
I still want to hang out for an
anniversary because we didn't have sex
yesterday babe listen okay I never I
never had that's what we're gonna tell
the person I said don't get aggressive
because I want you to look right there
at the going laughs I want you to look
oh my god wait is it on come here
how do you bid on this looks right hey
mate hi enjoy I know she cried come okay
no I'm gonna break your camp you're not
leaving god I told you I have balls for
pranking a Latina girl because you just
don't do that
fuck I'm serious don't oh hey oh so you
didn't hate me for breaking up with you
but you hit me because you thought I was
a prank
let me guys did you enjoy this then you
got it you cannot you got me worse the
cheating prank was worse
listen don't ruin my anniversary don't
ruin it babe you're cheating prank was
worse guys I hope you enjoyed this video
okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry okay
I'm serious old husband yeah
why okay babe you're cheating pickles
worse you made me break my phone okay
okay okay okay okay okay okay
Madhu I'm gonna deal with this myself
so wish me look babe okay okay okay okay
I'll turn the camera off
okay no you're not leaving babe you're
young what this is not really immature
I'm being really immature called it it's
a brave you praise me too and then I
loved you after why can't you love me
oh well second sit hey oh hey you
haven't hit me ever before don't ok guys
I'm out drop a like if you enjoyed pray
for me oh ok no more I'll turn the
camera off she do that minute I'll turn
the key
okay guys we're all good oh oh good all
good
