way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let a twin I would
still choose you what is going on you
guys this is my fourth video of the day
my fourth one I've never had a headache
this bad in my life
today's Thursday but you guys are
watching this on Sunday because I am in
Vegas and I promised you guys that when
I went to Vegas I would keep my streak
alive so on Thursday which is today I
had to make the video for Thursday a
video for Friday a video for SATA and a
video for Sunday this is my video for
Sunday my last one I've been recording
editing uploading fucking just it's like
10 hours straight and my brain is dead
okay but I do this for you guys I
promise my suite gonna end so guess what
my streak is not ending um yeah so while
you guys are watching this I'm probably
dead somewhere in Vegas like who knows
what I'll be doing I'll probably be in
my hotel room with Jackie I'll know but
anyways I must start off with this story
and it kind of makes sense because this
story took place in Vegas okay Vegas I'd
say uh five years ago five or six years
ago okay I was a freshman or sophomore
in high school
let me tell you how I remember I was in
high school because I remember I did not
want to go back to school after this
happened okay so I was 14 15 years old
and like a family trip to Vegas my
family and Jessica's family you know
Jessica my cousin we had two rooms so at
this time you know all the parents were
hanging out in one room and all the kids
were in the other room
the parents were smoking hookah in the
hotel room I still remember I'm not
gonna say which hotel in case Vegas is
watching this but what else do you
expect the middle-eastern family to do
on vacation they're obviously gonna
smoke their hookah they were in one room
while me Brian Jessica and her sister
Amanda were in the other room and you
know we're just like we're all like
freshman sophomore in high school and
we're just like you know watching TV and
stuff and uh I'll never forget so
Jessica's dad had a razor and at this
time guys I was really like yes I might
have been 14 or 15 years old but I look
hit a growth spurt till really late I
looked very very small I had no facial
at all and like I just I had never
shaved I never used a razor gear I just
fucked your bitch just some butchered
and also I wasn't big on haircut it's
like my hair was not this short I didn't
used to get haircuts every week so I
wasn't big with razors okay I remember
just as I had a razor in the bathroom
and okay I'm not gonna try to justify
what I did by oh I don't know what a
razor sounds like I didn't get here
because every week no I was a dumbass
like you think I'm a dumbass now I'll do
even more dumbass back then so I'll
never forget Jessica's dad had a razor
this one to be exact
yes I did keep it for memories and so
you guys know this is the charger for a
razor right you charge it you know it
works whether it's plugged in or not it
works either way okay
me being the idiot that I am did not
know that this was a charger I thought
that this was like the power like if it
was plugged in it works and it was
plugged out then it didn't work when
clearly it does so Jessica's dad had
this laying around and it was not
plugged in and me trying to be funny
okay I turn it on I don't know whether
like God or like the devil himself made
the razor silent maybe I was deaf or
maybe her dad paid a million dollars to
get the razor silent or whatever but I
guarantee you it did not make noise I'm
not dumb enough to not hear this so let
me keep going my story so I oh I turn it
on and I go Jess look I'm not gonna turn
it on for God's sake right now and I go
and I'm just laughing you know and
Jessica goes Brandon like I'll never
forget the look on her face like like it
helps that we look alike so when I do it
it look exactly the same but the look on
her face was just I was like just stop
and she goes Brian
Amanda come look and I didn't want to
look in the mirror cuz I felt kind of
cold a cold spot right here like a
breeze and so Brian and Amanda
come and the the faces that they put on
you knew this wasn't a joke I knew I was
like okay there's no way they're lying I
was too scared to look in the mirror so
Jessica gave me a towel and my head I
was like what the hell do I need a towel
for am i bleeding like I thought it was
just like a couple pieces of hair I go
like this with the towel expecting maybe
like a little piece of here fucking a
patch of hair off off I look in the
mirror mind you guys my hair was not
this short like my hair grows really
fast and I didn't used to get a lot of
haircut so I'm not saying was as long as
like Brian's are like a rock star but it
was like longer than this and you had a
full bald patch right here I can't
you guys know what like Italy looks like
this was the shape of like a boot it was
like Italy and it was deep and I I like
they're all laughing and I go let me
take a picture let me take a picture and
I'm just like wait with the foot like
what's going on like the like no there's
no way and I was thinking cuz this was
on winter break we were on winter break
and I'm like I'm not I'm not going back
to school like what the fuck all this
and like I was just as big of a Suns fan
as I am now back then so I took like
they were talking they're like you got
to shave bald like there's like no way
like you can't let that grow out like it
was too deep it was literally bald like
bald a s bald is fuck lol anyways at no
not lol this was not funny and they're
like oh you got to go bald and I'm just
like like no no I can't go bald like all
this and so they finally like told me
they're like like I finally accepted I
was like I've got a shaved bald like I
had never been bald in my life this was
at the time when I didn't used to like
getting haircuts and my hair would like
I would let it grow out and like just
bald like all these so I told Amanda I
was like Amanda if I'm going bald
anyways can you do me a favor and she
said what and so like I still remember I
was wearing a purple Phoenix Suns amar'e
stoudemire Jersey and I said can you
shave the word Suns in the back of my
head and this is a girl was never
touched a razor in her life like she has
never
or cut hair anything obviously she gets
the razor fucking rights though first
you got saying no and I kept saying
please like I'm already gonna go bald
you might as well
literally shaves the word sons in the
back of my head all I remember was like
the pain being so bad cuz she never used
a razor before and it turned all red
after a while yeah I just fucked your
bitch her son butchered fruit truck I
just said some bitches
okay now was the moment of truth I had a
bald spot right here I'll never forget
the spot the size of fucking this big
with the word sons in the back of my
head shaved all bad now was the moment
of truth my mom dad were next door they
were like I said in the room right next
door with justice pants I had to face
them I walk in and I'm just like look
and they they're like what like you
shaped sons in the back of your head and
what is that and I was like no I did not
do this on purpose like bah bah bah and
they didn't believe me they were like
how can you be that dumb like not only
do you not know that it doesn't need to
be plugged in but you didn't hear this
and I'm just like mom like I told you
guys like you think I'm dumb now I was
fucking I was just so like how do I not
hear this how the fact that I tried to
justify myself to my mom and dad I was
like I was like wow I have never shaved
before so I don't know like what a razor
sounds like and I don't get haircuts
that often and they they just like they
were like no like you're shaving your
head you're not going out in public like
that what the hell they call the hotel I
so remember Rio Hotel call the hotel
they have a salon downstairs maybe an
appointment for that night that night I
couldn't even enjoy my son's head and
Italy boot for like one day maybe
appointment that night to go fully bald
but thank God they didn't have an
appointment for a couple hours later so
what me and Amanda and Brian and Jess
did I wanted to go out like I already
knew my life was screwed and I already
cried for a little bit and I tried to
convince my mom I said I'm never going
back to school till it grows back
obviously but I just accepted the fact
that my life was over so me Brian Amanda
and Jess went to a magic show I don't
know if you know what Penn & Teller is
but it was packed and like the tickets
were sold out everyone was looking at me
like a dumbass the worst
without wearing a son's Jersey -
everybody was looking at me and I'm just
like oh my god so then like yeah we went
to the salon after and I'm just like
like I told I said is there any way like
you could just fix it like do I have to
go bald and then she was like sorry you
have to go bald and I never been bald in
my life and I'm just like oh my god
everybody like even Jessica's mom and
dad were laughing at me and they were
all taking pictures and I tried to find
the pictures of me bald and I just gonna
find it guys imagine out like funny I
looked like I just oh and uh I'll never
forget they all kept calling me a month
do you guys know what a monk is I was
wearing a plane or because I told her I
was a huge Suns fan so I had a purple
Amar'e Stoudemire Jersey and then I also
had an orange t-shirt for the orange and
purple for the Suns but it was plain
orange and so I was fully bald like so
ball to the point like I mean bald bald
like like this haircut but all around
and like a plain torture and I just
looked like a monk and I kept telling
Jess I was like fuck you Jess stop
making fun of me like I had to go back
to school and everyone was just like oh
my god why'd you cut your hand I'll just
like you know what I not in the mood to
tell the story I just fucking went bald
like all this that had to be one of like
the most unlucky like worst dumbest most
idiotic like things that have
experiences that have ever happened to
me like could you imagine
I don't know but and yeah by the time I
went back to school it was there was no
way my hair was even a little bit
growing back was still like maybe a but
no it was very bad and I don't know how
stupid I must have been to not hear this
but I'll never forget these and I'll
never forget that trip and I guarantee
if I Tex Jessica Amanda Brian they all
remember it so vividly because it was so
like huh I don't know but anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video
God knows where I am right now in Vegas
well right now I'm in my room but God
knows when you guys watch this I'll know
I'm probably be so many dead in Vegas
anyways but watch squad I hope you guys
enjoy
it and much love to all you guys hey and
remember a while back when I said let's
keep pushing and pushing onto building
what I want to end up I want bro waters
to end up as the most positive the most
successful and just the best overall
channel on all of YouTube and I said
that's gonna happen little set step by
step every passing milestone is
something small those steps just keep on
building I so thank you very much I love
you guys on I appreciate each and every
single one of you not go son's mom come
come look at this in my room dad you two
really quick no just come really quick I
just want you to tell me if you remember
this moment
yes it happened in Vegas I know no
Amanda did it to me yeah oh man God
Oh God see what those kids did to me Oh
number after I accident okay guys so I
couldn't find any pictures of from when
I was bald exactly in Vegas but I did
find a picture from when my hair was
growing back a couple weeks after that
and here it is
turn on the stove I like my track cream
bring the movies uh I
Zubair I'm the Zoomer I can't
