way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let it win I would
still choose you where you go white
shorts look she's not crazy right there
right there right there in here my mom
doing white shorts today we're gonna go
we're all and okay my dad's not weighing
songs but we're all in sandals my dad's
with the old generation the older
generation doesn't believe in socks and
sandals Peter
guys here do the intro here know when
we're about to get this three-point
shootout we're gonna take their spot
bullshit car coming don't park under the
basket okay no mom don't let balls in
canal we're gonna there's a three-point
line that we've drawn obviously
professional three-pointer it's MBA
length and everything we're going to
take two shots from five spots so ten
shots
total all three of us last place has to
eat a raw egg hmm and so it was this
we're out of eggs here does my guy do to
you six eggs for breakfast we wouldn't
be out of damn ramen so yeah we're going
to take two shots from each five spots
which equals ten shot who's going first
Oh for the intro the Steph Curry hallway
shot oh okay raw egg it is for going for
going in raw we smell baby butt right
okay you got the cheerleader Bosley
watching from the door buzzer are you
ready for this three-point shootout no
I'm eating the raw egg ice whereas you
like 32% from three
because you're a good shooter with the
belly oh that almost hit my Kim okay
come here now to see who goes first
we're gonna do not yet but first one to
touch your nose goes first
my nose is already touching the camera
first one toy guys let me tell you this
you know how people go first one touch
who knows this me my brother and my dad
never lose that and I'm right I think
about it look at this nose okay okay now
I'm just joking we could let my dad go
first from oldest to youngest so I'll go
second is that how old are you like 60
so let my dad go first
two two two hi my mom trying to ice my
dad go mom you're icing my dad
ah go mom - to my god
three flash
three wait change of plans the last two
have to eat the rotten egg only the
women you don't get no reward you don't
get no reward for a second place this
isn't kindergarten good job
whoo
Oh 300 pin and eggs list
tied both of them tied guys I'm not
allowed binds the best shooter Brian's
the best shooter out of US three I'm the
best shooter in bed but you're the best
shooter one yeah one Brian your feet one
ah one oh no - okay Brian no pressure
last shot you have to make it to tie or
you get the wrong egg
Brian gets the wrong egg for shirt okay
so with me and my dad okay wait since me
and my dad tied at three we're going to
take just five shots one from each spot
and then whoever makes more does not do
the rotten egg Brian please record okay
dad
Oh Bank whoa dad just make a last - ah
my head's under one
everybody just have to make to make all
these to win oh you're so lucky who's
this that's my worst corner this this
one right here I hate that oh my god are
you kidding me another tie
another time this is why he's my dad I
literally have his genes in Oh
oh my god my dad does not play any games
my dad oh it's okay oh my
he made four out of five no all right
make all these citt√† out
go on thank you come here Brian okay
yeah I say we do the Hokey yeah the good
thing is raw egg is protein and I do
have time to go to the gym the father
okay let's go ahead get this raw egg
okay so after League regulation and
rules took effect
my dad disqualified and done because he
drank Red Bull before the contest so no
in all seriousness so okay so me and my
brother are going to shoot all the way
from here look at this this is a good
fucking half-court shot cuz we decided
we don't need to waste two eggs just one
so we're going to shoot and the worst
one from here is gonna eat the raw egg
Brian who's first me are you okay Rock
Paper Scissors to see who goes first
Kankuro this tool right here so just
rock paper scissors rock paper scissors
okay you go first one chop
don't miss mine for real okay if I make
it Brian needs to Reichhold this weapon
if you miss then keep going
ah the cysts the teeth my dad gets this
assist okay wait hold on wait I have a
chance to match because I went to oh my
are you actually kidding me right now oh
now we have to step back right here no
fans no ha ha
you wanna I don't think so
good luck sorry Brandon a loser runner
got to eat the raw eggs put the shell
the shell oh well egg it makes sense
because I always go in raw so that's a
good thing
ok my dad just gave me the biggest one
it makes sense because I have the
biggest eggs give me that someone record
me I'm gonna do it right here Oh God no
water no trashcan no nothing heads up
all right
halo can I do what you do huh huh
oh that doesn't count you have to
swallow it
oh yeah yeah yours found goes with that
sorry that bad on see guys that wasn't
the most intense basketball challenge
from the fucking half-court shots the
ties three-pointers if the raw egg
thousand the most intense battle
challenge I don't know what is anyways I
hope you guys did enjoy that video and
actually while you guys are watching
this I'm day two of my Vegas trip right
now I'm in my room that's cuz I uploaded
it to farlows to Vegas right now
Saturday scheduled upload for Saturday
I'm in Vegas right now most more than
likely I'm in the hotel room with Jackie
I'm uh now I'm just joking but voila who
knows I probably will be in the hotel
room with Jackie by time you guys are
watching this anyways um yeah so I'm in
Vegas right now while you guys are
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed I love you guys all go watch
squad like I said if you want to keep up
with my Vegas trip live before the vlogs
come out when I come back you can keep
up on snapchat Twitter Instagram mainly
snapchat my name is Bo Wallace on all my
social media apps so uh keep in touch
with me while I'm on my trip to Vegas
and uh like I said I hope you guys
enjoyed this video while you guys are at
home watching this supporting me me
keeping you guys entertained I'm
probably fucking turning up in Vegas so
I love you guys all urban artists oh I
love my track pray bring the movies uh I
Zubair I'm the Zumba
