way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
say though if you let it win I would
still choose you not to start off the
wall first of all my voice is lost from
that Clippers game but not to start off
with logging it down way but honestly
today might be the most stressful day of
my whole entire life and let me tell you
why I look at the I'm editing this video
right now the Clippers game video okay I
got a haircut appointment at 1:00 p.m.
you want to know why I'm getting a
haircut because tomorrow morning early
early morning we're leaving in Vegas me
and my whole group were going to Vegas
so I got over three months three going
on I got like a 95 day upload streak I
don't want that to end so what I'm doing
today cuz we're not going to be editing
and uploading in Vegas from the hotel so
I'm gonna get that all done today I'm
gonna upload and edit three different
videos I'm gonna schedule them for
Friday Saturday Sunday one on each day
I've never even edited two videos in one
day I gotta edit this one for today the
Clippers one that's one I got to make
three other ones for every day I'm gonna
be gone I just don't know how I'm gonna
do it if you edit upload on youtube
yourself you know that editing videos
takes hours and then the render and then
the upload it's just uh I got a haircut
appointment 1 p.m. and it's I gotta go
in like 2 minutes so I'm not gonna
finish editing this if I get those three
videos up for Friday Saturday and Sunday
while I'm in Vegas
actually Sun in it it's a when just know
that it was a struggle I I haven't ate
I've been up for four at almost one
o'clock I have an 8 I didn't even sleep
I had a Red Bull energy drink I'm about
to fucking die and I still got three
more I'm gonna do I'm doing this for you
guys okay so just know when you're
watching those videos while I'm out in
Vegas probably dying that it was a
struggle making those videos anyways how
to go get this haircut guys my friends
making them too today the most stressful
day already recording my praise videos I
know that's what I'm doing guys
literally the most stressful they're
mine and Brian's life like you don't
need sand I'm telling you if you do
YouTube your
so and you edit upload render it takes
hours every video and it's my fault for
waiting this last second but anyways I'm
about to go get my hair cut and how
about for this video for this video
right now my first ever barbershop vlog
you hear me all the time on go get a
haircut
go get this I love but I love getting
haircuts my barber this my barber that
my shop this why don't I just take my
camera bring you guys inside the barber
shop with me and do my first-ever
barbershop vlog does that sound good
well even if it doesn't sound good we're
going to go do that so you might as well
come along and I'll meet you out the
shop okay my cameraman for this
barbershop vlog is here skill record
here's a barbershop by the way everyone
in here is good everyone
caught trying to get ready for the
camera and introduce yourself in the
quick sunny Jacob Jacob where do you
rank yourself spongebob receive a
question Ellen
any favorite basketball team plays call
Rocko called extra luck hoping dress on
us to give other women time but he
should be in our heart
God did my barber Tommy listen I don't
I only trust one guy I just have one in
the shop don't worry okay stay here me
and I Tony I told them before if if
you're sick or something I go there from
Barbara that's like cheating on a roll
you don't do that you can't do that so I
only trust one guy got to come by here
face oh my god guys look how long you
need to cut it shorter
no a little bit more than the tips it's
way too long at the top in the back
right here you have to say your name and
like what you would rank yourself every
barber I write my so as a horror show
yeah my name is James
haha not to James on IG I'm a pretty
good barber where do you rank you to
James
the shop is definitely 11 out of 10 I
don't know where do you bring yourself
in shop a man your top five five five is
only like six or seven years Tony you
said you drink yourself alive you know
I'm just ambulance I don't get my five I
gave up my number why okay that's it
Barbara listen to my voice it's your
wife I'm gonna watch this Tony liked it
she could you know memories good why who
I you're a little shy oh no no no that's
how I tell them not the satyrs are not
the place mixer she's always good food
yeah we ain't out of La Leche little
Filipino to spot does it go to spot what
happened to it
lrb a cannot lose you what does that
mean you have to tell whatever me out
did you know and not comply with
cheating and they raise rent you can see
what the meadows ah I'm not the only
things you're famous
so cuts cause Harry called and the right
right the last one yes Yuko whose hair
Oh tell them was Kauai because everybody
who cut TI when you lied to me I gave
them to come on any no maybe
yes yeah TI's barbers are here right now
what's the barbarian judicial cut T I
never went home and he found out we were
filming and it's racing back home if I
get a speeding ticket to is racing back
in the rain just to be on camera
don't tell my told you go wait wait
there's how many yeah let me good
doesn't know we could put anyone
breaking up at three yeah what do you
want those two drafts that numbers
listen I'm ending my baby waterbed low
line oh okay we need all on me
protection roads dams like band be a
drag June 23rd actually on my birthday
no no I think you know mine will open up
holes for the running back mm-hmm for
that kid yep Melvin Gordon you went
wrong Tony just said cuz my girl God am
i from
now don't say what I did I said is it a
boy or girl alone is it hard to get 21
why did you do it let me try his hair
off Carrie
if a boy doll is it you hope I don't get
your absolute for a month's range say my
boyfriend will give me the home or any
gonna say but your boyfriend's not
inside you talking shut the fuck up shut
the fuck up my boyfriend say I love my
boy not a dude I'm giving this work yeah
hey you're not money from a source
project so let's take only former shop
members to get your haircut it comes to
yourself and what what's your favorite
thing to do right lottery team oh you
know Chicago blue shot I'm gonna go cry
Chicago Bulls Hillary Chicago for what
role in the game car you wanted on one
so in fun only when Brandon comes to
suck so what are you oh nice why don't
you guys a thanks for coming out to hang
with this I'm just part of I'm just part
of the Barba crew off the charger guys
like Alan
that's everybody like anybody
Darrell Stuckey thats my boy on Lambert
week are going to this one I'm a chance
to do they have all seen okay I don't do
much that was just nice to be a part of
a great shot you do mind and if you had
to rank yourself but you know I thought
you wanted yeah oh I'm here for myself I
know County so we all love him oh no
Jake I do have one complaint though
about this song where is the sun's low
oh yeah we were looking around what
everyone who can assign one man and
bring the very best on just follow me on
Twitter today you go make sure you love
that love that we need a home run here I
see Clippers Wolf Lake by these I mean
everywhere you step up right now who's a
Laker fan in here I'm like a later
like blocking the omen anymore and we're
going out faces and a Zuniga barber and
easy on Instagram Phoenix on span is
called a way see actually see it yes
yeah really yeah yeah he's in the skin
taper right now in taper I don't know
how do you know for the video blow its
meaning hi Freddie I'm - tell Tony what
I wanted more I just remember yes look
right cuz you got to take you up yeah
and push you guys going to Vegas went
over there
you got to believe that right you might
die
it's not lagging by whatever
hi I'm Jose hey ro underscore style zero
70 Instagram you look me up right now
barber here
yeah oh hey who's that you have to say
what you're doing we hooking up to James
so we he wanted to do a hot April you
know Sam and I hot tape on the back
spoiler right now okay will my hug Gavin
yeah it's been trying to get me for like
two weeks
alright guys there okay explain with
your eyes oh yeah and I just got my
dress done yesterday so yeah I'm on that
fresh brush today I don't have the
answer grab don't work because why no
more cause I like it took away from me
my wife don't give her any ideas
I told you about this idea my other one
yeah she got me baby
scrappy she got daddy it was heavy Tony
touch I'm a barber lame it just liquid
really honest ambition to the time stop
what primetime barbershop here I really
don't know what to say we're just
expecting the greatest
we want to flourish whatever we put our
hands on that's the motto that's that's
the campaign oh yeah gotta give a
shout-out to the hometown Pete call the
Pensacola Florida baby win the house you
already know what it is uptown you know
to me all day long give me up with Tony
touch cuts on my Instagram
what is that
what's he doing wine get louder without
that rarely watch this video boss their
group often an evolution cave on the
ward you give your heart and one of you
your calves are some 140 knots all
terrifying you better hope you have a
pool that has been a beautiful baby on
the bottom and that's women educator sir
but do you want to know why
Jose Jose has a second talent he
customizes Clippers no okay so there's
this reverse-flash reverse-flash okay
look how smooth and intricate and the
blade okay
this shop you got Barbara Skye and
Barbara you are barbers I'm Barbara all
right almost a if you're if you're ever
in San Diego and you need a cut and you
don't go to primetime yeah don't even
watch my videos like don't like why
would you waste your time you got to
come to primetime Cola videos done stay
out uh-huh thank you Andy fellow Suns
fan all right guys Tony Tony got one
message in case you don't know a charger
fan right here he got one message save
our boat please save our boat
don't let them go go anywhere guys I'm
telling you babe just do you like my
hair what had happened you guys I can
never stay in touch with barbers because
they talk about way too many things like
a loan from a girl to freaking very cool
and like Coco trial no you didn't record
they were going crazy over this girl
that's how I camping my go to a barber
shop she had the cutest kids guys give a
follow to all those barbers on Instagram
they're all funny dudes great dudes uh
their links are in the description below
and you already tell them on the screen
too so give them a follow guys you
already know you can't judge a haircut
till after you get out the shower so I
just got out the shower guys I used to
check my haircut see if it look nice now
you try I trust my barber so much I
don't even check it guys my haircut
looks sick
let me just run it over really quick I
get like a medium skin fade skin taper
right here skin the sideburns and then
around the sides and the back I don't
you can see the back but I get like a
two and then on the top it's like a a
maybe and then you just say to blend it
all in
that's my cut thank you Tony and uh yeah
looks fresh like always so now I'm ready
for Vegas first video uploading a minute
left and look at the time guys it's
almost 4:00 p.m. it's later than 3:30
and now this is gonna guys I'll just
I'll keep you guys updated on how this
goes okay I don't even started packing
for Vegas I don't look there's no
suitcase on the floor no
okay there's Jackie's boots there's not
even a suitcase or anything I guys today
is just very very I gotta get to work
okay cuz working on my second video of
the day I'm almost done with that one
once that's done that's two down two
more to go guys I can honestly say that
this is the worst headache I've had in
my life like I said I've been up all
night and day trying to get this done
for you guys I literally haven't
anything I've drank a Red Bull I'm about
to go get my second one guys okay people
are gonna laugh because Oh YouTube isn't
a job this is the hardest I've worked in
my whole life today that's including
school that's including when I work two
jobs before at one time this is the
hardest I've worked the worst headache
I've had the most time and ever I put
into something in one day ever and guys
just know that when I'm in Vegas fucking
turning up having the time of my life
and you guys are watching the videos
over the weekend just know it was a
struggle it was not easy to get these
done but I promise imma get them done
for you guys and look NFL Draft let's
see who my charges are gonna pick up
maybe Jalen Ramsay Tunsil Buckner I
don't know guys this is like you know
most likely top two picks are gonna be
cubies but the third pig who the charges
are gonna take is so up for question who
knows I don't know I'm excited guys
Ollie and Jordan Ollie I swear on camera
it looks like you have highlighted tit
Jordan don't worry that's vegetables
Ollie show us oh look at that skin show
us skin - a beard lined up beard with
the faux hawk oh my hey guys they called
me to wish me goodbye before I go to
Vegas show Jordan really quick I miss
you guys guys I haven't seen them in so
long Jordan said he even dreamed about
me last night Jordan but yeah they
called me to wish me a good vacation
when I go to Vegas I told them how
stress I was with the videos I told them
I want the charges to drive Ben Simmons
third see who the boats pick oh I don't
know about that one hmm hmm I'm gonna
keep my mouth shut and wait for a week
want to see this video two out of four
away I think I did two video two out of
four just finished and it's 608 okay
guys so I still gotta make two more
videos um
man this day has been work work work
work work literally Rihanna and Drake
work work work work work
let me tell you this so we're going to
big small so Jackie's going to the mall
to get her makeup done first of all I
told her that she's beautiful without
makeup not to go get her makeup done but
you know how girls are they don't listen
I told her I said babe honestly you look
super good with her without makeup but
they don't listen so she had wanted me
to go with her so I can see her get her
makeup done and I told her I said babe
honestly I have no time today like I
just don't have time so what I'm gonna
do is try to get one more video done
before her appointment and then I'm
gonna surprise her so she's gonna go
there she thinks I'm not going she said
oh it's fine babe I understand you have
to do your work I'll go and come back
but what she doesn't know is I'm gonna
try to finish this really quick and then
go surprise her at the mall while she's
getting her makeup done a little uh no
surprise a little treat who knows but uh
anyways guys so yeah I'll vlog that so
you guys are coming with me to the mall
as well anyway got views drop today
you're watching it views from Drake this
album has been so hyped up he's been
this otherwise and hyped up for so long
it's been months and months people
waiting for this album just got the
suitcase oh it's not open hmm it's not
louis vuitton but it looks louis vuitton
so we're gonna call it louis vuitton I
got my Louis Vuitton Louis V suitcase
Cup you guys thought I had pack no
you're funny I just brought the suitcase
out I don't start packing till either
the morning of or
are literally midnight the night before
guys my girlfriend's so hot they're
gonna take a picture of her and put her
on the wall okay guys so I just arrived
at the mall I fucking forgot my camera
at home so I'm vlogging with my phone I
had to delete a bunch of stuff to get
storage Jackie has no idea that I'm
coming guys I found her car not parked
right next to her anyways but Sears she
has no idea I'm coming I don't even know
where the makeup store is because this
isn't the mall I come to this is a
different one so we're gonna find it can
go find my beautiful hot girlfriend go
see how she looks
bring out the front you're gonna go left
and are you gonna go to right so so when
I got I was gonna go right have to
perfuse and then yeah okay you can't run
I started as a perfume
okay you're gonna go back okay so you
gonna go left and English clothes okay
and then you gonna go
right I'm on it right around again then
there's the doors to come out the closet
you're gonna come out and you're gonna
go straight out come on
okay do the straight comes alone okay
when you come out from that then and
then you're gonna go that way
yeah and it's battling right there okay
and then you get a see support okay I'll
find I see my way out Thank You bacon it
see me and of course how do you get to
Sephora from the law huh we can write
this as your mom yeah I mean with you
well if I could get like if it home for
or my stores and then why tonight I'm
gonna get the most go out like making
out with anybody
okay thank you because I finally found
her hey wow you look so hot
I think the highlight
she's going on Sephora hall-of-fame guys
literally look how hot my girlfriend is
oh now you're not coming on guys how
hard call me hot beautiful cute pretty
guys I don't care I have the hottest
girlfriend in the world
guys I just came to get me some Panda I
literally haven't eaten all day because
of the editing and making videos I
haven't ate all day there's gonna be my
first meal guys so there's actually my
first meal of the day which is insane
and look at the time 10:08 still empty
luggage and the work cart is I'm still
doing the outro to this vlog so I
haven't even started editing this vlog
it's gonna take me about like 3 hours be
done at like 1 o'clock and then i'ma
pack I have to wake up at 5:00 guys I
don't know this was all done for you
guys today was like I just want to mark
this date off my calendar and never
remember it again it was crazy super
hectic but hey to make things better
Jackie's on their way right now she's
gonna spend the night cuz we have to
leave to Vegas really early so she's
gonna end up spending the night oh my
god I swear I'm the luckiest guy in the
whole time did you see her she's so hot
I don't care what anybody says I have
the hottest girlfriend in the world and
just that alone puts a smile on my face
I'm so happy look I got I could have had
a girlfriend that look like this but I
said did you see her like uh like she's
about a sleepover only I'm even gonna
fall asleep I'm literally just gonna be
drooling like looking at her like ah so
beautiful but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed my very first barbershop vlog
like I said go ahead and follow all
those people on Instagram really funny
dudes really nice dudes they're all
cheer let me know what you think about
just a barbershop experience and yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video by the
time you're watching this i'ma be on my
way six hour drive to Las Vegas six hour
drive and um yeah follow me on snapchat
and cuz you guys aren't going to get the
las vegas vlogs until after I get back
so like Monday or
but if you want to get live updates on
what's going on follow me on Twitter
snapchat and scram just do it guys
anyways thank you so much for watching
and I love you guys all go signs guys
it's almost 1 a.m. and I just finished
editing this vlog I have to render it
and upload it and then um and then I'm
gonna finally start packing look at the
time I need to be up in a few hours I
saw haven't started packing of course
leave it up to me to be like that rabbit
on a stove I love my trap rain bring the
movies on I
Zubair I'm the Zoomer I keep
