wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you pow-pow-pow
Phoenix Sun shorts Phoenix Suns hat Wow
Phoenix Sun socks pal Phoenix Suns
Jordan eight retro Jordan eight shout
out J Mex Martinez those other shoes are
gone the peel box opening video they
come in handy uh so your denouement that
Phoenix Suns playoff game today Game
five um oh wait
Suns are in the playoffs hon oh that's
why I'm going to the Clippers and
blazers game but I'm also a savage and I
give zero fucks so this is what I'm
wearing to the Clippers and blazers game
okay I'm sitting courtside right behind
the Blazers bench you know what I mean
by right behind the Blazers bench I mean
here are the Blazers and one step back
here is me Jackie my cousin Anthony
fuck-boy and my cousin Stephanie we got
four tickets I wanted my dad to go
because you guys know he loves the NBA
but he's stuck at work I asked my
brother to go he didn't want to come so
I hit up uh my cousin shoutout anthing
Stephanie they did school to come here
if you're watching this Mira Mesa high
school just act like you didn't hear
that but I'm about to go pick them up
from school right now um once again once
again shoutout to see geek C geek check
their website out because C geek
cheapest prices on the internet they
gave me these complimentary tickets
amazing from them if it wasn't for them
none of this would be possible so shout
out to see geek and uh at the end of
this video I'm gonna give you a promo
code to use where if you decide to go to
see geek how about save twenty guards
you get twenty bucks off yeah so this is
insane I myself have never been to a
playoff game I know I'm a sons fan and
this is a Clippers and blazers game so
it's not like oh my god but this is
still an NBA playoff game I love NBA I
love the playoffs I'm stoked I can't
wait on this vlog might never be able to
be uploaded because the chances of me
coming out of Los Angeles
you know LA you know fucking LA the
chances of me coming out alive after
this to a Clippers game probably oh wait
can't forget my hoodie gets a little
cold in there Phoenix Suns hoodie but
yeah the chances of me coming out of
live from there slim to none
anyways we're in San Diego Los Angeles
is a good two and a half hours away if
we hit any traffic we're going to be
screwed so we're leaving super early
just in case and I'm about to go pick up
Jackie and the two little demons who
left school mom wearing this what are
the chances I come back alive from LA
that's being generous okay bye mom of
course by say thank you see geek see
geek
no see goodbye middle eastern parents
okay Anthony on a date Anthony how many
girlfriends you have I don't this - okay
is this you guys first basketball game
yeah this I thought it was gonna be like
how excited a lot we got to leave school
that's a lie that's only wanted to go
get them ladies yeah gotta be in
Stephanie keeps saying are we gonna see
celebrities are we gonna see celebrities
LA no that's only the Stephanie's going
babe I'm only going cuz I want to yell
at Blake Griffin he's not playing
already Brennan I know who's sitting out
who Blake Griffin jean-paul yep
so faucet why am I going with them how
do you say it Powell because I can say
who ate chomp I would say Chris Paul
Paul why'd you say Critias cranking on
Paul go ahead do I have any educated NBA
subscribers who wanted wanna go to the
game with me please sorry uncle Sean
Paul's a fucking finger one two
ninety-one more miles on this freeway
and a total girl intenders of like two
hours left two hours a little of
prediction game Steph Anthony get in it
predicts how many free throws is DeAndre
Jordan gonna miss tonight 3d seven you
City 15 and they have aviation and this
yeah how many free throws is DeAndre
Jordan ii was reassured on the whole i
Villegas is
nice comment how often to get found each
guess I'd a lot I'll say 1313
does everything that we've seen he makes
one and then he misses the next
bringing down the party k6eid I say he's
going to miss 14 free-throws that is
Blake or cp3 so you guys I'm sad I
wanted to yell at Blake Griffin oh no
because he hit a buzzer beater on the
sons last year right in front of my eyes
I was crying said guys there was a
dancing and it was at this arena I
didn't believe a little bit over a year
ago aired Bledsoe's birthday the Suns
are up by two and two seconds left in
overtime right in front of my own eyes
Blake it's a game-winning step back time
he missed the shot it'd be hit off the
further whip and then goes off yeah up
here Griffin and then bounce off the top
and then went in I just started crying I
was like what the fuck
and everyone we were always we're
supposed to go to this restaurant after
the game I said oh can you go to a
restaurant to that book that I took
everybody hold
Lake wants a road by now
guys look the famous boobs
haha that's not the owner whose all be
seen tonight guys someone hold the wheel
fast someone hold it
mental
I'd have to make a haircut appointment
for tomorrow and I have to I need to
text my barber when I got got
appointment for tomorrow I need to do it
now just in case he gets booked I'm
wearing my Jersey backwards because
Jackie Jackie bought this for me for
Valentine's Day but she got too big of a
size so if I wear it fry it goes all
it's like a girl seeing as they try to
show off their tail so I have a spot
waiting lied to me dating a foreign they
don't clap for because it's I'm always I
always get to be the first one to show
her everything so she's always so
excited as you see when she's excited uh
let's see staples I think staples is
right
Picabo Street guys this is my street
their last name is Jackie wait last name
is on today Tavella Hey look at least
they took Hale and Stephen Lance
Stephenson is still in the fucking thing
he's in Memphis LA you got to do a
better job taking that shit down Oh
touch me what did you just say that's
even worse tick nice hold on Paul
definitely what did you say I just asked
if the UM Clippers are the Lakers oh my
god fuck boy the chain in the fucking
air if they have to park my car in the
valet I don't know if I trust it they
put you here
and turn around Nathan if you chug if we
chug that whole thing life-size you know
we'd actually be dead let me tell you
why I'm so happy my girlfriend has never
been to a basketball game so what
happens when it's your first time going
somewhere fun you get very excited
excited and what happens when you what
happens now listen what happens when you
get excited like something comes on your
face like well because okay well done no
I mean okay fine not when I get no one
okay now what I get excited when you get
excited what happens to like your teeth
and they smile at you smile and I like
seeing a smile on my girlfriend's face
so I'm happy to be it I know I'm
starving let's go eat
follow Anthony setting so sure anyway
I'm so short and fat if I won not only
trap god I already know the comment my
girlfriend talked to Anthony dude your
girlfriend's cheating on you with AI
yeah honey I literally sell bro you
but just rosin did you log the Anthony
that obviously means your yeah hang on
your name yeah oh stop okay guys we're
just trying to double date here guys we
came on like a fancy date really quick
before the game I don't know if you've
heard of this place is really fancy
place Denny's wait how do you want it
cook guys a lot of people don't know
Jackie's last name is Figueroa and yeah
how happy everything oh god she's okay
staple centers on since we're gonna get
rid of proof staple centers on Figueroa
Street so it's a huge street and there's
restaurants and stores and everything in
hotels all Figueroa South South Figaro
East Figueroa all this any and know that
you've made a gaffe streets named after
you
restaurant probably one of the coolest
things yeah she made it that's how you
know she made it
everything is Figueroa is she's taking
pictures in front of everything
oh go stars I'll make your bed I would
run you in my grave
the wind is crazy baby what just
happened my pal early flew away from my
head for happy fun APICS I met apex apex
is the phase number that I made who came
to our house why do I think watching
literally us against the way the
consequent oh my officer it's her street
yeah Kevin Bleyer could be sitting on
the bench oh you're not gonna be there
no comedian me sitting on the bench like
this they're good eating
didn't hurt it a whole squad last chance
last chance for my subscribers
is there anyone almost basketball that
wants to come to this game with me
wait Annette right here staples center
staple pop pop pop guys for Kobe's last
game the shit was filled Anthony there
weren't like if you were standing here
you wouldn't be able to like it was like
a million ants over here for Kobe's last
games people said yes this is where the
Lakers play how much fun the Lakers and
Clippers the Lakers and Clippers playing
the same places
you ought imagine you would never get
never did even owe to you it wasn't it's
can wait it wasn't a scam shadocg
shadocg
complimentary course I see son the sons
played tonight though
all right speculation
after this experience if you don't shop
at seeking for sporting events concerts
any tickets
you're dumb like good how are you
enter the computer before this again
thanks my girlfriend please ok I keep
going up to everyone be like oh the
sun's play tonight right watch every
time someone gives me a weird look I'm
just like oh don't the Sun picture let's
check these seats out Blake and Chris
Paul and tonight no hey I'm a Sun fan
whoa
we're witnessing a miracle DeAndre is
practicing free throws young woman so
guys practice does not make perfect guys
everyone watching this video
practice does not make perfect no listen
I must something so I have no room to
talk honestly but understand Sam Cassell
and darks baby
Austin thanks Iggy thanks to eat every
step I take thank you seat geek the sons
plate tonight no damn when do the sons
play seven o'clock
after the fun it's gonna please in
October huh
no no October they play Halloween okay
so I guess these tickets and food you
could go to the back you know one
players get to to text and they get
ejected we get to go back there no drag
this isn't Toronto so what where are we
what's your name shut up
and cosines
no son
okay
that's Oh Raven look
- that's all right my god That's So
Raven
Oh
the Clippers have an all-star coaching
staff
Laurens Lauren
Leslie Johnson bucks Chris Paul is out
four to six weeks and he still complains
to the ramp why
broken hand
I should never touch a gun
you've been watching to inflate
Oh
Oh
oh my god double doc why you so bad okay
doc
I get to witness at the Andre miss
free-throw in person
let's see is it real is it real
baby made a pillow
Dame the game will try CJ CJ
Pablo alder head-scratcher
I saw you practicing before the game
DeAndre
let's go staff nevermind
chef curry
Hey
the chicken Lincoln
not a day
let's go Devin Booker let's go
chrismole he'll complain when he's
damaged in a cast injured
ah
atta boy that's a DeAndre we know that's
a DeAndre I know
Chucky's gene
cornered about to start
dream last year when I came here and
Blake Griffin hit the game-winning shot
I drove on the way home crying all fat I
want the same for every single fan in
this arena tonight I want the same
feeling for that intervene I for an eye
two for two
yeah girl
Damien's out Burt you're out here
breaking hearts Damien hey mom
a match contract to miss free throws in
the clutch
another one Leslie Johnson bust
I just made two big fans sitting right
behind me
what you made
what
one last time for the blog let's go Sean
next year's are here baby he heard it
here first guy got it next year number
one pay coming Phoenix's way you guys
know wow its popping for a Clippers lost
I can only imagine if they want
go son hey now is Mon true did you guys
have fun
did you have fun yeah thank you you're
welcome to sleep
and everything but today I feel like
we're gonna be good friends
deandre looks at me straight in the face
four to five times and didn't say hi one
testicle
I hate basketball because you make
millions of dollars that you can't say
hi to me when I'm so nice to you shut
the fuck up what I'm talking guys get
yourself a girlfriend who scratches your
head and tries to put you to scan theny
don't touch on Anthony probably jacked
off in the bathroom s table Center come
on man why you gotta go there yourself a
girlfriend yeah I'll get DeAndre Jordan
get yourself a girlfriend who scratches
your head i shrink that ronnie'll
inject guys I met I met Raven Becca's
dad listen to me and listen but really
quick Kelly let's see you man first of
all we bet That's So Raven stat you know
when I saw him I shit myself I literally
got the biggest boner
I didn't even believe it all just like
oh my god me anything you got pictures
with it I like listening I've met Eric
but I've met Devin Booker I'm a lot of
celebrities like just from hearing their
being in LA here
I fuck it man Raven batches out I
understand the game was a great
experience but Tamiya Raven factories
dad was honestly the greatest moment of
my life me and Anthony wet fucking crazy
as well as you was so funny you guys
already know I'm leaving in Vegas Friday
morning I have a 95 day upload streak
listen I can't upload from Vegas guys as
hotel but you know what I'm doing
tomorrow Thursday I am NOT leaving my
house I I can't leave my house I'm
recording and editing and rendering and
uploading three different videos and
scheduling them for each and every day
of the week and I'm gonna be in Vegas
I'm gonna be in Vegas Friday Saturday
and Sunday
it's my skull for waiting till this last
second but tomorrow Thursday I'm gonna
record three videos one for Friday one
for Saturday on for Sunday I'm gonna
edit all of them keep in mind editing
takes like two to four hours I'm gonna
render all of them and I'm gonna upload
all them and schedule them all for one
on Friday one outside one on Sunday guys
I honestly I'm probably gonna end up
staying up all night tonight and working
all of Thursday to make these videos
because I've never even edited two
videos in one day now I'm gonna have to
edit and record this is just gonna be
insane I told my girlfriend I told all
my friends my family tomorrow I'm not
leaving my room I can't I'm gonna keep
this streak alive and I'm not doing just
whatever videos I'm gonna make three
quality videos for you guys and I don't
know how I'm gonna do it but honestly
I'm not gonna go to sleep tonight I
won't work on those I'm not doing
anything I don't even
guys I'm not letting my streak end okay
I'm a half three videos up for you as I
promised that guys before I end this
vlog I just want to give a huge enormous
gigantic ginormous shout out to see geek
that's the ticket side that hooked me up
with these complimentary seats the one
of the most amazing experiences in my
life are you I got to meet celebrities
talk back and forth with professional
NBA players a perfect view of a playoff
game not even a railing
playoff game I got to go inside the
tunnel the LA Clippers locker room like
none of this would have been possible
if it was not for a/c geek C geek what
it is is a it's the best easiest
cheapest fastest way to purchase tickets
to any concert any sport sporting event
just what it does basically is it takes
the ticket process from every ticket
style on the internet and it puts them
right in front of you so instead of
going from website to website oh is this
one cheaper than this one opening new
tabs trying to like you know find the
cheapest one it just puts all of them in
front of you and not only so you get to
see which one is the cheapest and which
one is the most expensive not only that
but it also gives you a grade so you
know easily which one is the best value
if a ticket is really cheap it's going
to give you an A if it if there's a site
trying to rip you off C equal greater
and F and then you won't get ripped off
I just don't know what more I could say
to get you to you C geek because it's
already the fastest easiest and cheapest
way and how about on top of that if you
use promo code ba ba that's got to be
the shortest program code on the
Internet you get 20 bucks off so on top
of being the cheapest side ticket site
on the internet how about saving an
extra $20 I just don't know why you
wouldn't use it it's a it saves a bunch
of time for example I know Bryce and
Taylor concert sold out within 5 minutes
I know Drake and future tickets go on
sale Friday morning and that's going to
sell out in a heartbeat so instead of
going from website to website trying to
find out which one is the cheapest why
don't you just go on see geek and it
shows you all those websites in one
place right in front of your own eyes
also use the promo code ba I'm going to
the Drake and future concert I bought my
tickets from SeatGeek me and Jackie
ended up paying a thousand but there
were sites that one up to two thousand
two hundred so we saved a bunch of money
using C geek and one last time huge
shout out to them if you guys are
purchasing tickets and you don't use C
geek just know you're doing it wrong but
um anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog once again this was a dream come
true to me you know how much I love the
NBA this was literally like I've dreamt
of this moment and
was a dream come true all things to see
geek and you guys saw the experience I
had you saw the smile on my face
Jackie's face my cousin's face you want
that same smile you want that same
experience use see geek and use my promo
code to save even more money than what
you're already going to save thank you
so much for watching and I love you guys
all robot squad guys not only does sea
geek have a site where you can go online
and purchase tickets they also have an
app so you can do right from your phone
I'm talking too much on this the link is
in my description below go ahead and
check it out yourself like I said
anything concert any sport see geek is
the way to go trust me
