wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you that's all we need one drop
now what is this I'm talking bad boy
stop being bad boy
stop stop being bad one stopping my boy
tell me the bad boys I'll put you the
draw
kink in the crotch you sleep of you
today
I'm trying to put medicine in his
goddamn ear Bosley stop Bosley hey no
hold it like actually hold a hold on
Bobby think one hand is gonna do the
trick it still sounded like you were
raping him sad to come good see good
Bosley and he like another ear you have
to do but that's even go anywhere over
when he ran out oh my hey Bosley hey get
back in the room get back in the room
get back in the room get back in the
finally what the hell gone is ass oh oh
okay fine ballsy go on the couch go on
the couch guys look he needs to get a
running head start look you push him
back and then Bosley go on the couch go
on the couch go on the couch go it's
actually neatly set it's actually neatly
set up and I want to thank and in the
middle of the day I had chilled air had
jack-in-the-box and then in and out at
night that's not too bad three times
average for American human yes so I
don't even have to explain the situation
anymore Tuesday you guys are guys okay
it's like a piece right here sticking up
anyways I really don't have to explain
this situation anymore
my basketball team is oh and three zoo
guys okay I can't do this up to here let
me at least find good lighting so I look
somewhat good to make up for the hair
okay my basketball team is zero wins and
three losses we have another game
tonight 9:00 p.m. the latest game I'm
not even going to bother looking at
which team we're playing I'm not gonna
bother looking out good they are not
gonna bother looking out uh what players
they have I'm not I'm gonna go there and
we're gonna get this win okay
I'm not listen oh and for who the fuck
do we think we are the sons know we're
better than that we're not starting on
four okay we have zero wins and three
losses all jokes aside we really can't
afford to lose another game right now
not every team makes the playoffs I'm
not sure if it's top six are top eight
but not every team makes it so we can't
beat reading around the bottom we
have to win tonight last week I dropped
20 points the week before that I dropped
19 those are two of my best games like
even going back to last year so I'm
gonna try to continue that I don't I
need to step it up myself if 20 points
isn't going to be enough I'm out to drop
25 I don't know if I could do that the
most I've ever scored in a league game
is 21 um but I don't know also my
teammates need to step it up we got to
get this win uh right now I'm gonna go
play some lunchtime basketball because
mine and Jackie's class got cancelled so
I'm be headed to the gym play some
lunchtime basketball guys just a random
fact did you know I'm not only the
leading scorer in my team but the fourth
leading scorer in the whole league out
of all the ten teams and all the players
I'm the fourth leading scorer but like I
said I don't care how many points I
score for not getting wins it doesn't
matter I need to step up my game somehow
so bitch and bitch you heard me I said
I'm the leading scorer on my team yeah
you heard me I said we're taking the win
tonight that's I think he's traumatized
Brian raped him Bosley you can seek help
it's free it's go online you'll find
something dude Bosley it's almost time
for you to eat your food you want to go
downstairs and eat your food yeah maybe
you'll get a treat after and we'll put
some chicken on your food and maybe if
you're lucky we'll go in the car
what's going on my house quite balls
loosing - so holy shit every single cut
in my blog guys got cut but I'm here
guys I'm probably focusing on the cross
so I got out the gym finished playing
lunchtime basketball while home shout
really quick and now I'm on my way to
pick Jacky up we're about to go to the
mall you guys don't know we're gonna be
headed to Vegas this weekend Las Vegas
so we're both going to uh I know we need
to pick out some new clothing some new
outfits for Vegas so we're gonna be on
our way to the mall in a little bit
shopping for Las Vegas outfits we're
gonna see how this goes okay when I say
Las Vegas outfits I don't mean fucking
like you know clubbing party outfits
because we're none of us are 21 I just
mean we're gonna just buy some new
clothes honestly guys you're gonna kill
me cuz I'm vlogging today baby look
where I am I'm the side chick
proud of the
proudly she's proud because she's a
sergeant what you got
because she thinks we're actually going
to leave the hotel in Vegas like she's
making all these plans we're staying in
the hotel I said you guys took only time
I went to Vegas was when I first moved
to San Diego when I was like nine yeah
when I was like eight or nine of them I
don't know why I asked him we're going
to the mall and in a couple days we're
going to be it and it's cute that Jackie
thinks we're actually going to go out
Bob's going to chop her the hotel room
the whole time she's getting it help you
can maybe see five minutes of someone
Hey my girlfriend's making me buy a nice
dress shirt for when we go to Vegas
because like she says we're going to go
out and after wear something fancy I
hate trying clothes on I hate especially
like the nice dress up shirts with the
buttons and collar I hate that shit baby
ooh I have to power babe I'll buy one if
I have to try it on or actually we can
go in the fitting room together if I try
the shirt on when we go in the fitting
room together okay now I'm going to try
it on I'm gonna try to end up come on
guys look
we almost got ran over literally by the
train
we've been here hold on we've been here
for two minutes babe can I go get coffee
babe can I go get ice cream
babe how about you shop I don't know why
I buy something I don't buy the fur but
I still say yes or no to what she could
buy
ah funny funny funny yeah now turn
around the ways where's the bag okay if
you ask them to patch this part up from
the bag then you could buy it okay ask
if they have an extra patch of clothing
there's my face when I'm shopping with a
girl she's hot either way so I just say
yes everybody no style
because you win Ewing about $2 in
goodwill first of all the most
depressing time of life is when you have
to shop with a girl don't come in I
always come
Oh God I'm actually gonna file a lawsuit
and see this store for selling revealing
clothing they sell too much hope what
the fuck guys I'm gonna sue this store
okay babe okay if you wear that in the
hotel room with me you don't need to
wear anything you don't know listen who
this surah turns rolls into hoes this
store pick it out let's get out let's go
go go go
I'm gonna ask the worker do you have
extra clothing to patch on to what you
show guys I'm just here to hold her
coffee while she shops guys we just made
an escape from the mall because while
while we were shopping we found out via
Twitter that the drinkin future tickets
for their coming down to LA drinking
future going on tour okay so summary
sixteen tour ended coming up they're not
coming to San Diego they're coming to LA
which is like two two and a half hours
from here so we're obviously going to go
like me Jackie
Brian Laurence were all going to go and
we found out tickets just went on sale
so we're racing home to buy the tickets
are so high we just left the mall you
guys the first time be afraid and we're
talking he wants to go see drink without
me
no I did not need a special
disappearance I didn't know nobody any
was going guys changing so yeah we don't
want to buy from the folks we want to
see like all the seats and everything is
just easy to direction from a computer
so now we're watching home if I get a
speeding ticket and say officer listen
summary 16 tour we got to go home and
he's gonna say ok it's gonna give me
away
he's gonna say go
so yeah we're about guys so yeah me and
Brian and Jackie and Lauren's are all
going to be in LA I think it's like
September 7th or September 9th if you
plan on going to that concert you better
have your tickets because that shit's
gonna sell out that hi Dylan say hi to
us we should just go on stage with Drake
on you have to Dow you know like to sing
to drink not to see my drink
so we're racing all right now to go buy
the tickets and we're going to that
concert in a couple months
Jackie's birthday is in August so I
guess it's kind of like a birthday
present we just have to go home right
now go buy the tickets before they sell
out say what's up to the vlog guys I
think this is my cousin see this is a
problem when you're Middle East and you
have so many family members you don't
even know like I don't even know is that
is that my cousin Oh No
anyways you have all my family here okay
I that's my first cousin my Raj
obviously my aunt that's my dad's sister
that's wrong sister this is Ron's mom BB
say hi come on it's an edge
what's okay they're making spinach I
don't even know what that means
that's my dad's brother salsa what's
fish or salsa they're not the same okay
that Ron's wife and Yan that's my mom's
mom
ya'll say hi did you would left meet
Jackie mascara Jackie good guys that
means pretty Jackie met both my
grandma's those are both my grandma's
Jackie teaching my little cousin how to
be a hole on snapchat
don't
Sani are you my cousin yeah okay that's
what I thought
I got one of them right Fuddruckers the
world's most famous hammer babe why does
every burger place have to say the
world's best burger or the world's most
famous fucking can there only be one
world's most famous anyways guys Bibble
them about the Drake and future so so
you know how we race back home we ended
up getting really good seats first of
all listen I dropped a rack do you know
let me tell you for people who don't
know what a rack it I dropped one zero
zero zero one thousand dollars this
Drake and future concert honestly better
be the best concert ever like not that
I've ever been to but the best concert
fucking $1000 who the fuck do you think
I can actually talk you think this is
yeah better I better sit down
thanks man either sit down with a goodie
bag under my chair I better leave
sounding like Drake I better leave with
drakes voice inserted into my body for
the rest of my life I bet I only would a
future not not just to have them sell oh
yeah you better be okay why do you need
to shit okay because insane
okay I need Ciara herself - I don't care
- go okay okay I didn't say I was gonna
fuck her I'll just gonna put her in the
vlogs for more today good how are you
welcome back guys
hey we're regulars here yeah I said I
better leave with Drake's voice and I
said I better leave with all the futures
clothing and I said I better Lupul Ciara
herself and she got mad all I was going
to do a group in Syria because I'm gonna
put it in the thumbnail to get more
views on Michael the point is we start
out the dollars for fucking Drake
introduced again so I better get more
than just watching a comedy guys I just
got number three for Brandon Knight but
Brandon Knight I've already accepted
there's gonna be the worst burger of my
life just because of this number right
here hi hi hey Brandon Knight
we got row one in like one of them like
I don't know what section it was great
how hyped are you so height you guys I
just got a strawberry shake and I feel
so good I know what that means
she just said I'm off my period you on
that means there's two uh look who's
sitting right next to her there
yes anyway gasps so we're going to Drake
and future super-hype hey I'm just
really quick I better leave with Drake's
face Drake's voice all Drake's lyrics
inserted into my head so I could sing to
my girlfriend and his boys I don't want
I don't want his because mine is
probably anyways and I better leave with
all the futures whatever future had
everything future has all guys this is
his stripper boy I know you can get one
in our house of course it's gonna be
pink
our baby blue like this cousin hold on
I doubt it without me come here while
Jackie don't ask me to shake I don't
make her burger and get her all the
software this is why I need a boyfriend
like me not my boyfriend but something
like that don't fucking touch my
boyfriend I sorta okay no but more with
you oh sorry I this more pepper yeah not
too much though
a little bit of salt
oh then you just go to pull this off
how do you go okay look I already know
what sauce is she
Oh guys last time I played a prank on
her she wanted honey melt it and I put
spicy brown mustard and I was going well
I think and she said okay
I had no idea actually it tastes the
same honey mustard put a lot of honey
mousse for me ketchup cuz I'm so patient
how do you say it catch up catch a casa
lettuce yeah
and you guys
she over like life
thank you baby
I'm okay
thank you ah here's my home arena psyche
if it was home I wouldn't be owned 3
this is the road I'm playing on the road
baby just hit my butt quick hey Steph
yeah okay
oh these doors are usually open we have
to go all the way around anyways guys
were winning tonight remember Hey
so since Brandon's team doesn't all have
red jerseys the other team already
starts with six points six points or
nine points has six over there further
people that's pretty stupid
I don't even think I explained it well
but we got six points
Oh
like so dumb like what is it Jersey
gonna do and why not
brennon gonna kill my recording skills
because of how bad they're ready
the basketball
I keep saying that up your ass for no
reason
don't worry guys come on you guys this
was I here to be in this game
in the Gherkin
I
and the
come on
you know what you sir
what are you doing that's not like I
hope you trip
Dobrynin
Hey
those that I keep saying around here get
him
guys so we took another loss don't even
ask me why fucking Brandon Jennings
himself was literally playing on the
other team
he definitely belonged in another did I
literally I'm telling you Brandon
Jennings himself was playing on the
other team he probably tried to play in
a higher division cuz he did not belong
in that division he probably tried to
play in a higher one
but like cuz he was very cocky so he
probably tried to plan a higher one he
wasn't like you know showboating as much
so he came to a lower division Oh No but
their team was fuckin stacked we lost
again I don't even know how much I swear
I think I swear like 13 or 15 it doesn't
matter we're fucking on for that guy was
should not have been playing in that
division but that's what happens you
just try to show Bo so you don't play
with people that are as good as you you
play with people that's like me trying
to play with like middle schoolers and
showing off I have a huge news so
tomorrow well actually today because you
guys are going to be watching this on
Wednesday so Wednesday which is today me
and Jackie are on our way to the
Clippers and blazers playoff game game 5
right now while you guys are watching
this follow me on snapchat bruh Wallace
you're gonna get snapchats of the game
follow me on Twitter I'm going to be
tweeting about the name
we got courtside seats right behind the
Blazers bench I'm gonna say what's up to
Damian Lillard I'm saying what's up to
CJ McCollum
we got courtside seats shoutout to seat
geek C geek gave us courtside seats to
the Clippers and Blazers game 5 every
time I need tickets for a sporting event
or a concert I go to see geek so you
guys should check them out it's SC 18
and then geek like me I'm a geek GE ek
but uh yeah so they gave this two
tickets courtside clippers Blazers be
their game 5
us and obviously I'm off logged there so
check out my vlog on Thursday it's gonna
be all about the game we're driving to
LA tomorrow morning this was so
last-minute I didn't know about it at
all I got the news today so we're going
to be leaving to LA tomorrow on
Wednesday morning and we're going to be
sitting courtside Clippers Blazers I'm
vlogging for you guys so you guys don't
it's my vlog on Thursday hopefully it's
a good game no Chris Paul or Blake
Griffin but uh you can't complain you
still can't see DeAndre Jordan my boy
Jeff Green Jamal Crawford Austin Rivers
you get to see the coach's son and then
from Portland side
al-farouq Aminu Damian Lillard CJ
McCollum just guys I'm so hot I don't
care yet oh you don't even want to know
what I'm gonna be wearing you want to
know what I'm going to be wearing Eric
Bledsoe Jersey Phoenix on Jersey I'm
gonna be wearing my Phoenix on shorts
I'm gonna be wearing my Phoenix on socks
I'm gonna be wearing a Phoenix Suns hat
and I'm gonna be wearing the Phoenix
Suns color jordan Eights the retro j's
I'm gonna be decked out in Phoenix down
here to a Clippers and blazers game you
guys know me Sarah won't you guys know I
would do some shit like that
so catch me on TV we're gonna be sitting
right behind the blazers bench and I
can't wait um Jackie has never been to a
basketball game before either so this
should be crazy for her her first ever
game is a playoff game in LA so that's
gonna be crazy
I've never been to a playoff game before
overall this is gonna be a great
experience shout out once again to
SeatGeek and check out my vlog on
Thursday because it's going to be all
about the game all about the game and
our trip to LA just the whole day we're
gonna be spending the whole day in LA
before the game during the game some
after the game okay guys so I'm getting
ready to leave and go to game five the
Clippers and Blazers look at this you
thought I really wasn't gonna wear Suns
gear look I might flip it back but
that's a Phoenix Sun Sleeve Jersey Eric
Bledsoe um like I said see geek hooked
it up courtside seats right behind the
blazers bench that's awesome and also
the Drake tickets that I got you think I
was complaining about dropping a
thousand bugs but on any other website
those tickets were fifteen sixteen
hundred bucks so for me to get them for
a thousand I was super lucky like I said
see geek is uh if you're looking to buy
ticket go there it's cheaper than
step-up cheaper than Ticketmaster and
actually if you use the promo code be a
just be a that's probably the easiest
promo code on the whole entire Internet
you get $20 off your purchase and let's
just say Drake and future those tickets
are gonna sell out fast they officially
go on sale tomorrow morning Friday they
were on presale earlier that's how I got
them but they officially go on sale
Friday morning
so if you want to buy them off of
SeatGeek and use the promo code ba you
get $20 off of your purchase um check
them out anyways it's time for me to go
have a good time guys I hope everyone
has a good Wednesday hopefully this
turns out to be a good game that's all I
ask
and once again go soon
