yes my back my back is hurt like right
now if I try to there's the funds I
could go down I came and go down my back
is hurt yesterday I came to the gym and
I played basketball for like eight hours
if you're wondering why I'm back at the
gym to play more basketball even though
my back is hurt and I can barely even
walk that's because one I'm an idiot -
I'm dumb 3 I'm stupid and 4 because I
love basketball forgot to add to the
insults crazy cycle cycle yeah I said
crazy a million percent sighs I have a
game later tonight so I don't even know
why I'm here to play basketball right
now sometimes you got to do what you got
to do I don't care how my back game got
injured I don't remember falling last
time okay it's like unless the are you
sure your body can't handle the hours of
basketball multiple times a week
well think about it people sleep for
eight hours why do we lose I think you
make him nervous till of your lives well
he's been scared in front of you though
one hand camera one hand ball and a half
hours later remember everything I said
before we came in in here how much
stupid dumb crazy and all that I think
today just verified a boat oh yeah I
knew that
but I told you can't I don't use my
brain so I came here and played and now
my back is worse I'm trying to stretch
out right now guys my game is in a
little bit and I swear to you if my game
started right now I don't even know if
I'll be able to play I mean obviously
I'm still gonna play but you ready for
tonight as long as I'm playing we won I
think I came to a theory broke my bag
hurts is bad from carrying you at the
gym from last night yeah oh okay you're
good hey daddy's put your head straight
oh hey well now are you nervous for your
hair Cobo yeah bro Mel's getting cut by
Paul the barber for the trying to hit up
the other teams lucky break it
I knew backward on the back dog you know
the finger yeah let's go brought it up
gl3 trevor ariza chris ball ball hey
Danny's trying to be in the hallway
trying to go he you sure you're not
nervous well it's all good if he messes
up I know where you live it's so nervous
now the walk to the house Oh Paul is the
best barber in San Diego I've been
saying this for a while speaking of
basketball we're finally seeing you in
something other than a black t-shirt oh
no I think leopard print fits you good
bro after this we'll go get your address
or something or a Jackie roll Mel's a
little nervous you got any like words of
advice for him make him better at
basketball Paul that's all I asked
please hey what would you do if I called
Paul on the phone on our way here and we
planned a prank that he was gonna shave
your head bald he knows where you live
Paul damn look who's looking fresh yo
guys so it is finally game time my game
is about to start and I can't wait I'm
so excited it's the first game of a
brand-new season so everybody starts new
and a new chance to win a championship
for those who don't know last season my
team did not win the championship and I
feel like a big part of us not winning
the championship last season was my
fault I feel like as the leader of the
team I'm supposed to step up and get
players to play harder you know I don't
care how good other people say that I
play if my team's honoring the
championship then I'm playing bad and I
suck I need to take some pills because
my back is still killing me but at the
end of the day no excuses whether my
back hurts or not it doesn't matter I
got to go out there and play play my
best help my team win this game and it's
the first game of season so who doesn't
want to start off with aw
yeah
team captain duties I got assigned here
while everyone else gets to warm up I
have to stay here and do paperwork hey
you know what it feels like I'm in
school everybody finish their tests so
they left and I'm still doing my test
I'm ready to play it feels good to be
back it's been a while and I'm still
salty that we didn't win the
championship so we gotta make a run this
we live again
I gotta begin another year
honey I picked out today
there we go good shot
man
there we go Rimmel
there we go just like that
watch behind you Ted there we go
did that hit that good shot
there you go Rimmel
hit that
hit that remote
57-54 we're up to 59 left 59 58 world by
1 137 lat
59 60 we're down by 138 seconds
um so yeah I guess this isn't a blocking
foul
even though was right in front of the
rest 19 seconds left so 59 60 were down
by one
5960 - 17 seconds
take their own mouth take their own
mouth
what
6262 5 seconds 5 seconds 6262
hit that hit that
nine hours two minutes 60 to 62
here we go here we go
there we go Rome out take over
6040 tore up one minute left
if he makes his tied up 64 64 64 56
seconds
there we go milk
6664 40 seconds were up
well this is a joke
so what happened right here my teammate
got the rebound off the Miss free-throw
and he got pushed out of bounds which is
obvious he got shoved in the back out of
bounds and the Rev did not make the call
and on top of not making that call he
also gave my teammate a technical foul
to my teammate slammed the ball so what
happens now were up by two 15 seconds
left and the red team gets two free
throws because of the technical foul and
they also get the ball so we're up by
two they get two free throws and they
get the ball
hain't no one's talking to you no one's
talking to you no one's talking to you
6666 15 seconds
I mean I don't even know where to start
you could blame it on a million
different things Bhama go ahead and
start off with blaming myself I'm not
even gonna say that my back messed me up
because there's no excuses I should have
played way better and obviously as you
guys saw from the video the ref was
really really bad but at the end of the
day the rest are human they make mistake
so I mean they're not robots you can't
expect them to do everything good but
there was some very very bad calls made
by that ramp and hey there's nothing you
can do until they invent robot revs that
don't make any calls there's always
gonna be missed calls and sadly those
missed calls came out the worst time for
us obviously that technical foul at the
ends that had a big part in us losing
and man that game winner that I shot and
it bounced off the rim that was so close
when I shot it I said it's in it's in
and he just somehow came out he dribbled
out I've never heard a bigger oh but
then when that shot came out everybody
thought I was going in when I shot it it
bounced around the rim and then he just
somehow came out but at the end of the
day guys we lost the game there's
nothing else we could do I'm obviously
upset I don't want to lose the first
game but it happens I'm proud of my
teammates they played really really good
again I put the sauce on my shoulders I
think I only had like 12 or 14 points
and that's unacceptable especially with
us losing thank you guys so much for
watching this video if you enjoy these
basketball videos well good news because
they're bad we have a game every single
week I'm sorry that we lost this game I
know you guys like to see us win
if you can't tell him really upset so
peace out but I do love you guys I love
me ride home never ever find the right
words there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can
