don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you were a twin I would still
choose you okay guys my mom asked me not
to show her whole outfit she said oh
we're just gonna be sitting down right
cuz mom people have been asking for this
video mom you're so small here let me
see it's because the chair is sitting on
okay guys so first of all I'm watching
the Clippers and blazers game Chris Paul
broke his hand broken hand
that's insane after Curry's amounts out
at least two weeks that's crazy yeah
that's crazy second let me tell you what
this videos gonna be about first of all
Brandon here aka bruh wadis and I'm here
with you should be former mama rug now
mama bruh wadis you can't have two
identities that's fake my dad married
okay
well um so you guys know I have tattooed
here and one here and huh okay I mean a
lot of my videos specifically this
tattoo cuz it's in Arabic it's not
English obviously people comment what do
your tattoos mean so today's video I'm
gonna be explaining my two tattoos in a
later video I might be explaining
because I'm have a lot more tattoos so I
have my mom here because let's just say
it wasn't really easy to convince her to
let me get these tattoos and I know
there's gonna be people commenting dude
you're over 18 you can do whatever the
fuck you want
no it's called it's called respect I
gotta ask my mom's permission and it's
also called culture let me tell you this
middle like Middle East culture if
you're Middle Eastern you know if you
have a lot of friends at our Middle East
and
you know tattoos are not I don't want to
say they're frowned upon but they're not
really but yeah it's not really a good
look for that kind of culture so let's
just say um no I didn't get these
tattoos behind my mom's back not at all
I didn't go behind her back and get them
but let's just say it wasn't the easiest
thing convincing her it took a whole lot
of talking and a whole lotta like
drugging her drink before I'm joking
okay so I'm gonna start with old dad huh
yeah so okay I'm gonna start with this
one cuz I'm not flexing but I'm gonna
start with this one here look you can
look at it up close okay this one I got
in Vegas Las Vegas I got it I even
remembered that I would let you know how
I got it I'm just joking I was so pretty
so this one I was with my friend
Lawrence and this was my first tattoo I
got it when I was 18 this is my dad's
name in Arabic this is my mom's name and
it has a wedding ring place in the
middle because in case you guys didn't
know my mom and dad are married yeah
okay this reads rough it and send that
it's Arabic because that's the language
they speak and in case you didn't know
we speak Chaldean well yeah
but also where we didn't write
everything yeah I don't even know
honestly but in case you didn't know
English like you know English reads from
here to here Arabic reads from here to
here right yes so this is my dad's name
ruffit's and that and I put my dad's
name on the outside because it's kind of
like shielding my mom like he doesn't
really take care of her children in real
life but I'd like to figure for the cat
ooh sorry that so I'd like to at least
pretend in my tattoo that he's covering
my mom so and obviously a wedding
wedding ring for marriage so that's my
first tattoo let's just say even though
my mom knew I was getting it I don't
know she thought it was gonna be smaller
or she thought it was like I don't know
but I'll never forget I walked out of
the tattoo shop my mom and dad yeah you
guys were in a restaurant in Vegas hotel
and I walked up like this and my mom
like like she just literally went like
she was to be I'm like the fur
skying any like first person out of all
of our media family to have a tattoo and
yeah and earrings but I'm not weighing
them right now oh my god I'm a shit I
like I'm a piece of shit to my family
but no I'm just joking guys so this
tattoo I got I haven't even had here Oh
No let it focus on it I haven't even had
it for a year now it's been probably a
couple months and okay let me start from
the top you have family is forever
and behind that is a bunch of clouds you
know forever
clouds forever families forever because
that's the truth you know you could have
friends you could have homies you could
have all that but honestly family is the
only thing that's honestly forever so
you have 12 point game mom arrived
hungry constantly you right before you
sleep I have to be McDonald's burgers
right the fine stuff last night okay
guys so yeah so you have the family's
forever with clouds symbolizing forever
you then have a wadis which is my last
name hint bro wat is Brandon or whatis
but yeah so you have a wadis which is
carried by a dove a dove is just
symbolizing you not like these peace and
like it's just it's a nice thing so
that's carrying the banner of a wadis
and then on the bottom here's what most
people don't know I have three roses
guys let it focus one two and three
you have my mom my dad and Brian whoops
I pointed that wrong my mom my dad and
Brian I don't know why I have the Brian
when I'm I have to get that one removed
but but yeah those are what the three
roses symbolize I think there's one yeah
in the back and honestly guys okay
people are gonna ask about the pain
everyone's pain tolerance is different
to me they honestly didn't really hurt
that bad like obviously I'm not saying
it felt good but um this one I mean it
was a little more sensitive because it's
inner bicep so the fat is sensitive but
this one didn't hurt and then over here
it did did not hurt on until when you
get close to the armpit because it's so
like like tingly fat so like that part
kind of hurt but honestly guys I'm not
saying go go on it's not gonna
because I've heard people get them in
the same place and over her so bad or if
you heard at all everyone's pain
tolerance is different but for me
personally like I don't know I it's they
didn't really hurt and then also they
put this spray on it
and to meet it just like it I don't want
to say feels good but like I
why do you get them why you know why I
don't like tattoos
why okay one day if you're a bread
having that I know you're not gonna
regret having mom and dad well yeah look
guys the tensions are not you do nothing
about dad mom and there's tell me about
family I'm not getting some like no like
it's a pay you're painting your guys
it's not like sugar okay this is not
election video this is not saying I'm
against that do you know I actually like
tattoos on people oh my good maybe I
know I'm a getting a like sign Booker
but don't get it on your head don't get
what huh you said don't want yeah no she
said don't get it in I'm waiting for
Jackie
oh listen guys okay so those are my two
tattoos those are the only two I have
right now like I said this one I got a
couple months now only for now no Oh
guys I'm going to Vegas in a couple of
days I'm not gonna remember those nights
I'm gonna go since I do shall I be like
Tammy I got the outfit so she dressed up
from the face to the stomach anyways
this video was requested by you guys um
whether you're attached was mean ball
ball that's what my tattoos mean and I
know a lot of comments are gonna be
about the pain like I said everyone who
has pain tolerance like everyone's pain
tolerance is different this did not like
they didn't hurt me that bad I thought
it would hurt way more but honestly the
pain is elite like it doesn't really
matter I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
know what did I know
no fool was something that we can like
get rid of when we don't like it so
that's why you just get something that
you're gonna like forever I'm paranoid
after the pregnancy prank obviously
you're gonna hit me all the time
okay guys for what is out mama mama
watch it guys I gotta go there's a good
game okay guys
