wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you guys curry just guys draymond
is a fool draymond Green is crazy I
swear but I respect him because he plays
the game with so much passion and energy
that's like me I play with so much like
it doesn't matter if I'm playing the
worst team or the best team is just so
much fire and passion that's our dream
on plays it's so funny always screaming
and everything is a fool but Steph got
hurt his I think he sprained his knee it
was suddenly happened to his knee he
slipped at the end of the half and he's
out for the rest of the game I still
think the Warriors pulled this one off I
think they win tonight and then they
wouldn't the next game at home so they
won the series 4-2 one guy what's your
thoughts on the Steph injury nothing bad
no what do you think if he misses
big-time
yeah I think it fits bad I don't know
there's no word on it yet I still think
they went tonight they win this series
in five I think like God forbid let's
just say it it's bad and he's out for
the rest of the playoffs I think they
can maybe survive against the Clippers
without stiff maybe but against the
Spurs without stress you forget about it
right now they need Steph against the
Spurs this is looking too far ahead I
don't know any about the injury anything
but if if they want to beat the Spurs
they need staff that's for sure the
Spurs just swept the Grizzlies at least
I predicted that one I predict the Spurs
for Oh does this game was tied at
halftime a quarter and a half ago this
game was tied let's check up on the
score now Jesus literally like 14
minutes of game time ago this game was
tied at the half fucking I know that's
crazy
I said the words would still win this
game without Jeff God knows I did not
expect this guys check this out first of
all I want each and every subscriber to
come to my house the next time you see
me wearing a white or a blue plain blue
t-shirt because that's honestly all I've
been wearing for the past fucking like
month next time you see me wearing a
wild blue t-shirt I want you to come to
my house and literally slap the shit out
of me because look I have clothes I have
closet full of clothes and for whatever
reason I'm just like oh fuck I'm just
throwing my tea
even if I have time to change I'm just
like whatever I'll just on the white tee
and some shorts but now I need to get
slapped in the face I need to start
looking good before Jackie actually
wakes up and he's like oh let me leave
this bitch speaking of Jackie Johnna huh
but I don't know what got into me I
think like watching all those home
videos of me and right from when we were
kids got in my head or whatever but you
know it's like a Sunday afternoon I'm
bored Jackie just got off work and I'm
just like what is there to do like we're
in San Diego so beaches are all around
like that's go to the beach a lot so I
want to do something different so I
texted her and I was like babe I want to
go to Chuck E Cheese and I thought she
I'll be joking saw-like I swear and I
thought should apply with like well you
want to go to Chuck E Cheese Watch she
replies with babe oMG this is the best
day ever
do they have bumper cars or no oMG they
have cotton candy let's go and I was
dying all the hot they don't have bumper
cars but we can go and then she was like
do that
oh she was like they don't have bumper
cars since when then she was like okay
do they have a ball pit this is still
the best day ever
so she got super hyped
so I guess we're going to fucking
chuck-e-cheese I might decide to wear
something else but chances are me just
going this fucking white t-shirt April
24th and me and my girlfriend are going
to Chuck E Cheese i Loki thought that
was the age limit like for going alone
but I looked it up and there's no age
limit to go to Chuck E Cheese so we'll
be there I'm a beer in the what's it
called the one the one where there's a
hockey thing and if and it's on the air
oh it's called air hockey Wow I'm the
biggest dumbass honestly I might edit
that out
I don't know but and I'ma be here in the
basketball and she wants Colin Kenney so
we're gonna eat cotton candy and wait
guys honestly do you think if
chuck-e-cheese sees the goatee that they
might not let me in because I'm too old
without the goatee they would be like oh
hey is it your birthday today are you
celebrating at Chuck E Cheese
but now that I have this goatee they
might be like whoa no kids only you
don't understand you might think I'm
joking but I'm being serious with
without the goatee I actually look like
I'm 12 years old like like no it's not
even funny
cause another prediction for today to
make it 3 4 3 I predicted the Spurs to
it predicted the Warriors win and not to
make it 3 4 3 even though Boston's
trailing right now Boston wins tonight
evens up the series 2 to 2 and this
series is going 7 games guys I predict
Boston to win tonight Series goes seven
I'm itchy to say it but I think Atlanta
takes it in seven games Atlanta and
seven but Boston wins tonight guys so
you know all about a change into like
you know nice hoodie some jeans
something like professional something
nice looking you know and then I thought
about it it's a Sunday you know nobody
has school this is chucky cheese okay
there's a lot of guys there there's a
lot of males you know out of school to
Sunday celebrating a birthday on a nice
Sunday afternoon I'm going with Jackie
I'm nacho this is comfy I'm prepared to
up like you know someone some be looking
at Jackie's a zombie like what the fuck
like there's a lot of boys this is
chuck-e-cheese the male population and
chuck-e-cheese is just
off the charts so you know I gotta be
this is comfy like you know I could
throw some hands real quick in this so
you know I'm a stain this just in case
anything goes down you know
chuck-e-cheeses known a lot of boys
there so uh yeah time to go pick Jackie
up meet you guys that Chucky Cheese okay
oh oh you're getting me this weird ha
mark hey where should I park why is
Chuck E Cheese so poppin I have to fight
so many kids today guys look at the
first thing I see right when I walk in
babe we're playing that the whole time
you're not allowed to play anything else
you guys make the tree we have bumper
car and the ball pit inside
do you see the smaller basketball one
you know when I was a kid I broke the
records and then the work look the
record I had overlooked even though
record right now is 191 I remember I for
200 okay I wasn't a kid I was like 18
but still I broke the record I wrote the
record and then the worker it was the
record was too high because none of the
kids could beat us all the worker unplug
the machine appointed back into started
overall so this got all the legend at
Chuck E Cheese basketballs they've give
the legend
my love to kiss your cheek
after the river over 17 like this I
would shove my foot up there talking to
my boyfriend
and she asked for my number - ah see
what I wrote about guys they have they
have beer at Chuck E Cheese imma get
faded Chuck E Cheese thanks
you want listen we haven't even gotten
pizza she wants Khan candied dippin dots
on the ice cream
hey did you look at my girlfriends but
I'll kick your ass
you too
did you look at my girlfriend's I'll be
all through your glasses you two right
here if you look at my girlfriend p-trap
okay babe I'll beat you with one hand my
girlfriend has more balls than me not
literally
be me I'm not going to give you a crib
for the rest of the day
they do
they've another round this machine's
trying to be like these routers try
three around
they're back in play
there's another round three rounds I go
full down
three tickets
go babe
babe you already knocked it down so I'm
trying to hit that the right at the same
one go you have time do the high ones
babe I know your hand is strong just
throw it you got one more ticket now I'm
playing again you try to load up the
table she go to dog town yeah the high
ones
hard
you're actually good at this I used to
play baseball I used to play baseball I
was 11
it's literally Bosley
go babe go go
the hand movement looks familiar
do it harder
hi there
ah you have less of me I wasn't true
yeah okay I broke it I haven't even babe
I actually broke it
I haven't been here for ten days and
I've broken Wow oh well so got my
tickets
she's addicted to this game I swear
hard babe
at the top 1900 babe
yeah watch Oh
Hey
I like this
actually get kicked out
he's only saying that because you fail
out the trick so
Isaac ensuing
ha
sighs I'm so depressed of course the
Celtics and Hawks go to overtime one of
the best games of these playoffs over
here at Chucky Cheese
got cheesy bread pepperoni pizza
Oh
rhiannon
yeah sure everything is my fault
go do high-powered okay don't let go hey
stop looking at my girlfriend bitch
does it hurt
don't leave home for ticket system
solutions look guys
all right
no pussy
I don't know
how do you feel baby so tingly
Oh our picture is being made right now
well it's such good quality yeah another
one
yeah
okay I hate this game too soft that's
never me too hard
that's literally me
you
maybe you just won them my girlfriend
just won the fucking foot is my
girlfriend Simonis
like we just hit the jackpot a casino
she won a million dollars oh my god
I love you too I didn't hear you say you
guys if I went if we went crazy for a
hundred tickets matches we were at the
casino I wanna
Wow babe guys she just won the bonus
again right after I turn the camera off
how do you do it Wow
I'm the gold digger now babe I'm
building you four tickets
regarding me for money
that look familiar
I have the rhythm down
Oh
I just got the bodies because
because my girlfriend is joking actually
I my baby but of course when I'm not
recording I knock down all of them at
once all of them they would have chunky
cheese which is like church and I dog
all them down in one game so I got the
look it's still coming down
thank you
we're going to guess how many around
we're gonna guess how many tickets we
have
3:47 okay I'm guessing we both want 100
ticket jackpot so that's one kid in
there
I'm going to let's say let's say 323 323
come on
the thing where you keep putting it in
and out in and out and then you're going
to get arrested at Chucky Cheese
that's good vlog footage
you looking at my girlfriend
watch I'm gonna be right 3:23
maybe if I get it exactly exactly right
3:23 you're literally giving me exactly
what I want every day for the next week
actually for the next year
no oh wait baby's gonna be what what did
you say oh you said like 346 I say I
won't get all candy I'm literally ballin
look at this more than my bank account
literally Arab money literally yeah I'm
not going to go around 125 for a ring
fuck that okay she's a hand over there
so I could stop here but that's all the
room
I just dropped Jackie back home it's
like midnight right now today was
actually really fun
don't don't judge I don't care if I had
a lot of fun at Chuck E Cheese I had a
lot of fun at Chuck E Cheese I'm 20
years old but Loki I'm like 2 years old
anyways uh yeah I came back we were
watching the calves and pistons game man
the Pistons were disclosed but the
calves
Kairi you motherfuckers clutch uh so
yeah Kyrie had his heart broken by
kailani so he's like you know what she
broke my heart I'm gonna break the heart
of the entire city of Detroit he fucking
last couple of minutes Kyrie took over
Reggie Jackson tried to take that foul
car they should've just push out because
they're not gonna call foul in that
situation anyways Detroit got swept I
thought they would be able to win one or
two games I thought that would take two
games but anyways that series is done um
guys it's so funny because Kevin Love
and Kyrie are playing so good this
series it's like they're playing like
it's like they're playing a game against
each other of like who's LeBron gonna
keep cuz let's play a game of who's
gonna stay in Cleveland so also Paul
Millsap 45 points what they took that L
Boston coming back to two I still think
that Series goes seven I predicted it to
go to seven something you'd go seven
games um guys I think I'm gonna sleep
early tonight you know yesterday I slept
at 4:30 a.m. the day before I slept at
6:30 a.m. and both times I woke up at 9
so that's like like three four hours of
sleep past two nights and I'm just be I
think I'm gonna go to sleep
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this vlog or something
kind of different uh
surprisingly I'd have to put these hands
to use to any of those horny bastards
running around chuck-e-cheese but no
really anyways I hope you guys do enjoy
and again thank you for watching blog
squad much love to all you guys thank
you so much
Oh loki got away with a travel right
there guys anyways i lied to you before
i go to sleep i want to watch this game
one last time this game was so intense
okay guys I lied again because i went
really quick to go get me some food um
you know I haven't been to the gym in
two days I have to go this morning
Monday morning but I started to eat a
little something healthy cuz I've been
to gym in today's so how to
cheeseburgers and a chicken sandwich no
we won't
and I'll go to sleep after this guys
honestly if I eat that and go to sleep
right away this vlog might not be able
to get posted because I don't think I'm
ever going to wake up I'll actually die
in my sleep if I ate three McDonald's
burgers right before I slept guys look
this was honestly the worst
skateboarding possession in NBA history
look at this shit watch 2 seconds left
what are you waiting so long to make it
oh oh oh man alright guys it's time to
go to sleep but know that
no okay I really don't wake up my past
relations of this right here I really do
love you guys and you made these last
seven eight eight months of me vlogging
the best seven eight months of my whole
life okay I love you guys all just in
case I never see y'all again
