wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it swing I would still
choose you deandre if you miss this
fucking free-throw oh my god you have
the nerve to get paid seventeen fucking
million dollar you came to make a damn
free-throw
if the Blazers score here the arena's
gonna fucking erupt we'll call them on
Griffin oh my god it's 1:30 a.m.
I'm wearing the blue shirt again look oh
my bed
it's 124 were starving no no no no no no
no we actually have to eat food just eat
a slice of cheese okay so why don't we
go to McDonald's
another slot
I'm fuckin come here Kareem Oh guys
sorry that was my side chick she doesn't
want Jackie to see it cuz Jackie watches
my videos come here just just being
right with you okay welcome here I'll
find you food don't see what we're Hey
okay so I don't record you tables
Oh Lunchables but if I say you just eat
oh my god
ooh if you eat this do not even sleep
next to me and add in your breath babe
okay you literally smell like goat
cheese what are you eating so wait do
you want a ham or turkey it took you
right there guys so we're about to eat
lunch ables how old are we
that literally me look big that mean the
nose stop eating the grapefruit on food
gateway good okay throw the grape though
right if you don't hard on the squish
all the grapes on your head just throw
it like hi wait one more time not out go
step four three I got mmm I Bob and I
are sleeping right up there
nobody make a mean of me like this for
the fucking dick on my face by the way
because I know that's what you guys are
going to do Thank You eating down here
in my room final I know guys watch this
blessed handed al you to DeAndre Jordan
yeah okay look babe okay you want throw
the grape I'm gonna throw it all the
best hey my girlfriend just stepped on
the fucking grave let me see your sock
Madden where is the Gris oh are you
actually wearing matching socks ill
fight we have so much goat cheese that's
nasty this feels like I am the goat in
bed they know your brother smelled half
the Funyuns
I'm just joking you could get whatever
you want such a good boyfriend look Dave
honestly you can just get whatever you
want okay not to roll-ups
it's fucking 1:30 in the morning just
get laid just get one guys one more week
till we go to Vegas next Friday hit the
road to Vegas and none of those are
gonna be 21 so we're gonna turn up at
Circus Circus guys on top of the
Lunchables
I just found chicken nuggets ah chicken
breast Nuggets I love breast babe you on
chicken nuggets why made with crunchy
shit breading guys change of plans
I put the Lunchables back and I'm making
me a chicken baked Oh
we have to stop it before the beep goes
off and my mom and dad wake up ah you
know everyone one day say when you turn
off the microwave with one second left
so you don't make noise this is the
exact definition of my mom dad Brian
Bosley sleeping upstairs oh my god you
got whiter baby look guys look my
girlfriend is here but look at the
update there's blood sue hey he doesn't
do that who's that my god ladies get
yourself a man who could cook and just
cook myself a chicken break I cooked my
main chick someone tuples and grapes I
always tell my girlfriend that I would
never lay hands on her like no matter
what she does I wouldn't hit her but I
always threaten her with hitting on your
head but I wouldn't weigh in lay my
hands on there though and I always
thought I'm gonna hit her with a sausage
McMuffin that's her worst nightmare
typical Sunday morning Brian watching
his reality oh yeah Brian watch possibly
what fuck this year guys the most boring
Series in NBA history award goes to this
Brian Jordan Farmar the starting point
guard for a playoff team injuries guys I
would have wanted to see a healthy
grizzlies against the Spurs I would have
at least been entertained Marcus aw Mike
Conley Zeebo this is just I can't I
can't watch it
anyways typical Sunday morning my dad
making breakfast and Bosley I his damn
feet guys I just want to clear up
something from yesterday's video because
that video caused a lot of commotion
from people calling it fake because in
Rudd's video which was posted a day
before mine the paper the sign was
ripped into two pieces whereas in my
video was ripped into four so they were
like Oh Brandon faked it to make it look
worse no I did not
after Brian's video my mom ripped it
into four and threw it away you know you
ripped things to make them fit in the
trash
make more room in the trash so shear up
to 84 and I said no mom I want to use it
for my video so I guess that's my fault
for not putting it up in the video but
everybody who is going crazy like oh
it's faith they ripped it themselves and
Brandon tried to make it look worse no
my mom threw the paper way after rug
video cuz she didn't know I needed it
guys and people were commenting saying
calm down it's just a piece of paper bro
you can write another sign no no no no
you guys are missing the whole point it
wasn't about the paper it was a simple
fact that can't come to somebody's house
to meet them get frustrated too they
were asleep and then damaged something
whether it was a paper whether it was
our owned or whether it was a fucking
million dollar chandelier you just can't
do that it wasn't the whole concept of
it's just a piece of paper that's that
wasn't the point like you not understand
that
so she ripped it and threw it away and I
said no I need to use it such is that
second there are a lot of people saying
oh like you guys are assholes you came
and take two minutes out of your day to
go outside and say what's up to the fans
maybe they wouldn't have ripped it no
you guys are mistaken because every time
a fan comes to the door we always come
out and say hi meet them meet their
family mom dad you know they ask us what
we do we talk to the kids we follow them
on every social media Twitter Instagram
snapchat take pictures with them I even
pick the fattest Bosley up and force him
on the floor next to him so they could
take a picture with him - what do you
wanted to do what we're sleeping I mean
we can't like its sleep but whenever we
have time we're always out there we
don't mind I don't know if that's right
or wrong that we don't mind people
coming up to our house and we take
pictures with them but that's what we do
but we were like can't do when we're
sleeping or sometimes we like we're
really late editing a video so we're
upstairs trying to finish you know it
takes hours to edit we don't have time
because we don't like we're not just
gonna come out and say oh hey what's up
all right goodbye
no we come out me too family want it at
least I want to make the experience for
them good I want to talk to them see
what they do how old they are how far
they came from take some pictures talk
about what they want like I just like to
get to know that I want to get to know
my audience I want to get to know my fan
base uh well yeah so I don't want people
to think oh they get like annoyed
they're so stuck-up they came and talked
to their fans
it's just we were asleep we can't do
when were asleep for example I'm awake
someone just banged on the gate let's
see who it is people in my vlog right
now say what's up to the love I was just
vlogging what's your name Abraham how
about you Evelyn and you Amy okay yeah
this is Abraham they drove all the way
like almost two hours away hey mom
almost two hours away from guys just
Allah as I'm vlogging about that fan
shows up at the door named Abraham
shoutout oh yeah I was gonna say last I
was watching the the Clippers and
Blazers game
DeAndre Jordan I think miss eight free
throws in the fourth quarter listen god
I'm going to eat I just have to go on
this quick rant one of my biggest pet
peeve is NBA players not making free
booze like my god you're in the NBA the
top of the top the best of the best
there's no d-league no college ball no
euro ball this is the NBA you're getting
paid millions of dollars let alone a max
contract like DeAndre Jordan a max
contract over 17 million dollars a year
kid meet you damn free throws
that that on it to irritates me I can't
stand it guys that weighted Kawhi
Leonard go to school San Diego s yes you
won squad San Diego say that's literally
15 minutes from right here from our
house Kauai and I met him at one time I
literally walk into my barbershop to get
a cut I walk in the first person I see
is Kawhi Leonard sitting that you're
getting a haircut I literally I freaked
out on the inside I couldn't show it so
drunk here's a picture actually
because I'm talking to my dad about the
Spurs and like while I'm talking about
the Spurs and I just realized like it's
the Spurs era like it's a Spurs dynasty
ever gonna end
dad you know I think they made the
playoffs 17 or 18 years in a row so I
swear this like I can't ever imagine the
Spurs being bad ever I don't know the
data Spurs don't make a playoff the day
you barely 60 underground with a one
bubble is good one one who love about
the future tired that's a misprediction
guys look how Bosley's puzzle you're so
old guys Bosley turns three and next
week or like in eight or nine days and
that in dog years is 21 ill Bosley oh my
god not on the couch oh my god Bosley
turns 21 next week I turned 21 in two
months Bosley we're gonna go to a bar
we're gonna go downtown to the club you
want to go yeah oh no guys you saw some
of this on Brian's video I'm just gonna
show you a little bit cuz a lot of you
guys saw this on Brian's video already
but look at this
I think this was fifty fourteen or
fifteen years ago
guys like me Umbra hey I knew how to
dance better than that I didn't down oh
right oh I was a DJ too
look at that guys look same house Brian
went downstairs by himself out on he
wasn't scared of the ghost bullshit
I knew the slabs back then I'm out of
the DJ oh I know my mom is an original
vlogger what am i doing with youtube I
could be a dancer a male stripper Brian
has no ass guys I don't know if you've
heard about this technology just came
out like a hundred years ago it was
better look at this the tape into the
VHS whatever find that thing to go
inside oh then you put it in there how
do we even have one of these let alone
works classic og oh my god the ugliest
baby award goes to me I don't even care
or the kid whatever I was Gus that's me
Brian and Chanel oh my god but Barbara
didn't me dirty
the barber did me in for a lineup
Wow I was so ugly I still AM but not
like this
oh no mom why does Brian hat
why hasn't Brian grown Brian hasn't
grown since then guys Wow mom don't I
look like Anthony I swear mom I swear I
used to jack off to Barney when I was a
kid I'm sick I'm sick okay it's better
than doing it to bad things I did it to
Barney Wow
if these are my kids out hit them every
day from how ugly I know my mom was
literally a daily vlogger with a 10-year
upload streak guys I just have one thing
to say first of all who the hell cut my
hair that style that that age I don't
know my hair was literally half lined up
and then half curved and second why was
I like 74 years old as a big dad look
how old I look I look like a grandpa
when I was a kid
I used to fuck with Barney so heavy
speaking of daily vlogger which used to
be my mom speaking of upload streaks
today marks three months three months
ago today was the last day that I didn't
upload during this crazy 3-month streak
I say crazy even though Brian was your
longest week 120 yeah I'm gonna catch up
to that Brian guys this 3-month streak
has included some double upload there's
even been some triple uploads in there
but January 23rd was the last time that
I went without uploading dad today is my
3-month upload streak
I think it's 91 or 92 days let's go
you're under thanks dad thanks for the
support so yeah and in regards to that
three months week good news for you guys
I don't plan on stopping anytime soon
even when I go to Vegas next week for
three days you wanna hey guys what's
going on business pro ball is here aka
Brandon I said that wrong um when I go
to Vegas next one when I go to Vegas
next week for three days I plan on
making three videos in advance like soon
I need to I keep putting them off but I
need to do it soon three videos in
advance I can have them each uploaded
for you for you guys for when I go to
Vegas and obviously I'm gonna vlog in
Vegas so you guys are gonna get that
footage when I come back hold on you
want to freak out my mom really quick
watch the show her the pregnancy test
mom I have a present for my mom
this is everyone yeah mom this time it
wasn't a praying it's not a prank
oh the prankster Jackie's pregnant whoo
grandma rug
you got that fruit that pineapple in the
trash from last night when me and Jackie
were here you already know guys wanna
hear something funny
last night like you guys saw me and
Jackie were watching the Clippers in
Blazers game and like we're just you
know we're just watching NBA Playoffs
she literally wakes up this morning text
me babe I swear I had a dream that I was
playing basketball and you were on my
team but I was crossing everybody's
ankle than I dunked it like three times
I'm just like babe we watch one fucking
game together and you have a whole dream
about you being a star point guard and
then she had the nerve to say she said
shut up I'll break your ankles and I'm
just like okay at least my girlfriend
pays attention to me when I talk if she
knows those terms wait guys really quick
before this vlog ends look I need to get
some lighting I think this is good
really quick before this login I just
want to let you guys know that a couple
of days ago I hit 500,000 subscribers
half a million today I checked I'm
almost at 518 thousand so on those past
couple days I've been 18,000 subscribers
and like I just can't like people say oh
thank you for making videos thank you
for entertaining me you know thanks for
taking the time out of your day to edit
no no no no no thank you guys I love you
guys all like 500 say it because I swear
I get emotional you might think I'm
wrong
or you might think I'm lying cuz I don't
look like the emotional type but no I
swear whenever I talk about this I do
get emotional you've seen in some of my
videos I swear but anyways I love you
guys all thank you so much for all the
support the least I could do is say
thank you me saying thank you is nothing
I owe you guys much more I owe you guys
the world and um no I really appreciate
I swear I'm talking it right right now
I'm not talking from my mouth I'm
talking from my heart and I appreciate
everybody who's ever subscribed if you
haven't subscribed just watch my videos
I appreciate you just as much I don't
care guys I love you guys all
guys and I'm just so so thankful for
like all the support you guys have shown
to this channel because if it wasn't for
you guys there would be no bro bodies
and I have a lot of video that ideas
don't worry I've been planning them I
just haven't had that much time to do
them because the people I want to do
them with are always busy I want to tell
stories with my friends I want to do
challenge with my friends even Jackie
she's been working a bunch of hours but
um oh and also I have to get her fucking
bad for that prank you think I forgot
you really think I forgot about that
prank right here on this bed you really
think I forgot mm-hmm no I have to get
her back I've been planning a prank like
I've been planning more pranks more
challenges I've been doing a lot of
vaults and you guys love that I love
vlogging but you got to mix it up a
little you got to throw in some variety
I've even been trying to plan some skits
I don't know just know that if you enjoy
this channel now good news for you
because this channel is only gonna get
better and I promise you guys that
