don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you let it swing I would still
choose you Brian what did you see this
morning outside the front door are nice
or not God I'm gonna just be straight up
about this how can somebody be that
stupid like well look at this sign guys
we had this sign because okay you guys
already know the whole situation with
like fans coming up to our door banging
on the gay screaming bruh waters raw
come out come out like you know while
we're sleeping or while we're trying to
edit or jackoff or whatever and so this
morning we go out to take Bosley for a
walk and Brian sees the sign ripped says
hey fans thank you so much for taking
the time to come and say hi I'm sorry we
missed you guys were either not home or
busy editing you know we appreciate it
love you all thank you for the support
rug and Bharat is someone felt the need
while I'm not gonna say someone because
we know who it is because we have
cameras right over here
which face watch this right outside the
door where the sign was so hey buzz Lee
so we saw that a do to did this and I'm
telling right now if you're watching
this video I dare you to come back to
the house because I know you won't come
back I dare you guys to come back to the
house it's not gonna happen I know I'm
not gonna see you back after this but if
you do have the balls to come back then
I'm telling you guys to come back to the
house right now
Ronnie see this video come back and then
tell me that it was you who ripped the
sign I guarantee you won't come back uh
so yeah some people who loved and
idolized me and my brother came to the
house really early in the morning we
were sleeping took our sleep up the ass
and decided to get butter as fuck and
rip the sign so um oh no that's what we
woke up to this morning
like I said we know who did it we have
cameras I'm not gonna call the cops or
anything yeah I don't know if you're if
you're brave enough and man enough to
rip a piece of paper then I dare you
like I said come back
to the house and we can handle it like
we'll hand out like adults like man
that's all i'ma say apparently uh people
you love there were huge fans of us
obviously to drive all the way to our
house I guess before sleeping that makes
us terrible people and you're gonna
damage part of our property but I don't
know who raised if the parents of those
kids are watching this video I don't
know like how you raised your kids or
what it was but you guys should have
done a better job honestly I don't know
whose kids get raised like that but it's
definitely not something me or my
brother would do guys one last thing to
add to that so I tweeted I was like I
was like yeah if like you don't go to
somebody's house you know fucking rip up
a sign and leave just because like you
didn't get a chance to me someone
blahblah you won't believe the stupid
some of the stupid responses someone
someone actually said this oh well you
never know how far they travel they
could have been frustrated and people
were actually commenting saying oh yeah
you're right they could have just been
mad are you fucking stupid I don't care
if you came from fucking Mars I don't
care if you came from fucking China and
you walked on water to get to somebody's
house if you don't you came uninvited
nobody told you to come that's first and
foremost okay but I understand you want
to meet either me or Bryan I'm not sure
who you wanted to meet probably my
brother you come uninvited nobody told
you to come we're sleeping so we don't
come out oh but but they were frustrated
you know they could have traveled far so
you have the right to rip up a sign Bing
on the gate and then leave yeah would
that mindset let me I don't know it's
just beyond me that people could
actually justify this action I don't
know it's just fucked like it's
disrespectful like I said I don't know
who raises people like that anymore it's
2016 actually that that doesn't explain
the 2016 is exactly why this doesn't
surprise me because shit like this
happens all the time in general not to
us but just like in general it's
embarrassing today's Friday I wanted to
go play some lunchtime basketball but I
have to edit
my Frank and it just took too long so I
didn't have time to go play all my make
up for it by just shooting around by
myself
i'ma activate Eric Bledsoe and Devin
Booker mode put together I need it guys
my basketball team is owned 3-0 wins and
three losses so yeah that's it so yeah
that's it one last request if the kids
that night to come back the ones who
ripped the sign I want you to bring your
parents along with you too because I
have a few words for the mother and
father of those children as well so you
could bring them too we could all talk
and see what's up with that but uh
anyways guys watch this if I make this
three then if I make this we the sons
are winning the number one pick in the
nation Simmons or Brandon Ingram come to
Phoenix
guys I'm on my way to go pick up the one
and only then the dawn the fuck-boy of
San Diego the way I need to Jim outlook
yeah so I'm gonna go pick bugboy up and
we're gonna go get food we're gonna take
it back to his house we're not gonna eat
up the place we're just gonna get food
and drop it off to his house I haven't
seen Anthony in a few days actually
maybe like a week so it'll be nice to
see the chunky Pillsbury Doughboy for
the first time how hot I just burned my
hand guys it's 80 degrees here in San
Diego right now yeah Jackie's in LA do
with her family taking care of himself
right now and then right when she gets
back she has work so I can't see here
all the way till the night time probably
around like midnight honestly I gotta
wait my heart for my BAE I miss her I'm
just joking I never use the word BAE I
use babe I say babe babe babe babe babe
guys what are you wearing
why was your girlfriend with Stephanie
yes Anthony take them they're yours when
I don't drink coffee oh okay
will you pee in it okay please II said
Anthony why was your girlfriend with
Stephanie I'm driving over to pick up
foot I'm driving over to pick a fuck
when I see a sister on the way walking
you up what's up guys oh we have to go
catch up to 70 your girlfriend no guys
we spotted uh Stephanie and Anthony's
girlfriend hold on hold on were there Oh
I look how good this is stop doing about
dying move guys I just beat Anthony in
basketball free-throw shooting contest
he has to buy into two raw eggs a face
oh boy for the camera no put your head
back no pussy shit put your head back
people eat the hip for breakfast Hey oh
I thought you do the other one okay do
that head back head back double videos
hey your camera stop guys so Jackie just
made it back from LA right now 5:15 her
shift starts at 5:30 if that's not the
definition of a hard worker I don't know
what is but I want to go see her really
quick before her work so i'ma go uh go
just see her for like 5-10 minutes and
I'm probably gonna go back to him finish
how she works right here like down the
street so uh I just want to see her
before she started her shift cuz if I
didn't I had to wait till like midnight
and I ain't with that shit that's my
girlfriend
I missed babe Bosley who's there get
back on the couch get on the couch go on
the couch
dad look you did it again Bosley did you
lose weight did you lose weight
guys no father there's nobody down sis
guys just starting today Bosley when he
was a puppy he used to jump on the couch
by himself and then you know how he got
like obese we had we have to pick him up
and put him on the couch and starting
today out of nowhere he started going on
the couch by himself look let's try it
again
get on the couch on the couch go on the
couch go oh my gosh
Oh double-pump look he came and reaches
ear that's how fast Bosley you get on
the couch by yourself now good boy give
me your hand give me your hand give me
five hey give me five hey guys yeah so
either Bosley lost way or he's been
doing some like furtive max she's been
doing some squats I don't know but he
gets on the couch by himself now so
that's a good sign my dad was watching
my prank oh it's so funny guys we're
good Bosley watch you guys want to see
the famous pug head tilt Bosley you want
to go in the car or do you want to just
go get a treat or food yeah do you want
to go in the car with um do you want to
go see Jackie or uh who else you like
you like um my mom huh oh no no no no
Bosley I'm just joking I just want to
see the head tilt Oh fuzzy off hey guys
Bosley so active today
hey Bosley say hi to Jackie and Anita
your friends oh okay okay okay okay
Lebon take - oh please shit on Marcus
Morris please LeBron wants shit on
Marcus Oh Junior ends the game oh boo
Marcus hey I love the Pistons but I hate
Marcus Morris
now they're gonna review and you take
three hours to make the fucking call
guys you know Markieff Morris is sitting
courtside with a Marcus Morris Jersey
oh how Qi Betty sucks is my boo laughter
the game - oh no Bosley saw someone
running Bosley what who was that
Bosley literally watches and patrols the
holes Bosley it's okay she left she left
just watch the cars he literally is the
security for this road oh my god not
again oh fuck no this always happen oh
there we go
huh oh my god that has to be them top
number one frustrating shit in the world
when you're too lazy to untie your shoes
so you just try to kick them in and they
won't fucking go in who got me tired
that was my workout for the day you talk
about first world problems
guys I'm headed back to Anthony's house
I went home to go take a shower now I'm
on my way back it's so cool how it lifts
so alike in the same community as all my
like friends and cousins I stopped
focusing on the cross I know Jesus is
more important than me but I need to
vlog I told Anthony to have the fucking
game I'm having taking my phone down and
they do you have a game on ah
I told that they need to have the game
ready
I fucking love Isaiah guys we call my
park because I have to watch the game
this game is so dirty it's dirtier than
Anthony's asshole guys let me just say
this really quick really quick just real
quick Josh Norman got fucking paid fuck
boy and bruh wat is here just popped up
at bond honestly guys imma get a couple
bottles no we're not getting any battles
actually we could but listen feelin a
little generous guys don't don't ask me
why but I'm just gonna buy a jacket no
I'm a bye Jackie
flowers I don't know yeah I'm gonna
shove the stem of the rose the chard
rose up your ass listen Thomas I'm gonna
buy Jackie flowers I don't know maybe
balloons are Carl I don't know why guys
I'm just feeling it's no anniversary no
nothing I just feel like I gotta teach
this fuck boy how they like treat a girl
so we're gonna why to make flowers out
of paper
I color phone there you go oh no this
one the one with blue so looks fake no I
say brides at least like the tip of the
stem of this together there's a $2.00
budget I have come on me all this d and
it was magic word and they ship party
dress
what hello more voice my kicker speaking
God what do you think of these arms look
I'm gonna baptize them
what you saw in him don't I like I'm
pink pink for you my girls you act like
your life's just get get that and get
champagne really whoa
so I get her corn let's go to something
in the sea the shit I'm on the shape of
corn they're all here and then get her
pray one get here the one this is it
totally oh my god everybody heard you so
stupid Amazon really a candle like four
or five days are you King guys I just
noticed so after by them I'm gonna go
I can't let the cashier here I mean
they're literally more rotten than
brandishes I just noticed a sky by them
I'm gonna go back to the flowers and
exchange them with Han you enjoy so
they've blocked off my eggsy they're
gonna block they're gonna have that way
blocked off to welcome like this off
school it's not the same thing
no they have to scan that shit you see
those right there that's what makes it
not go off oh well okay good luck I'm
gonna keep recording did what any more
topaz topaz
that's not expired they're perfect I'm
the dog so rip it off
you know what fuck it cuz that topaz
whatever
I'll give it wrong I wanted you to get
the buzzer-beater and then it cost a Z
the thing you have to go to Target now
guys just touchdown and Target so I can
buy some candles and whatnot to complete
the gift
wait Anthony I'm wrong listen I'm
leaving the flowers in the car how long
can they go are you sure
okay lying cheating anyone right right
guys I got Jackie the flowers candle and
coffee and now you top it off with a
healthy meal McDonald's i'ma have the
food ready I think she texted me oh yeah
she texts me I'm gonna have the food and
I have the food ready for her one she
comes to my house guys right when I was
about to get the stuff and set them up
her in my room she came so now I just
have to give them to her out of my car I
don't have any time to set anything up I
wanted to set it all over her for as
soon as when she got home but she
decides to be a fuck-boy like Anthony
and come from work early what do you
mean that's not why I got you flowers I
got going to be nice you're talking
but you know your flowers really did die
Kyrie damn because he got his heart
broken haha LeBron so happy why cuz they
won in they're up three Oh No okay I'll
do did you tell me all the song Jimmy
Choo those can you say
