how do you that Kanda you don't guys
people keep sending me condoms in the
peel box opening videos but I don't even
use condoms I just go into wrong
it's time to fix the pregnancy test time
to drop wait babe why don't you just
take it maybe you really are pregnant ha
ha ha ha go for the long haul
guys you're looking at your newest mop
mom and dad I said mom you're working
she's the mom you're looking at your now
newest I know remelted oh yeah you're
looking at your newest set of parents at
least that's what my mom's gonna think
because we are fixing a pregnancy test
I've been acting really weird with my
mom all day and even this morning before
school I told her that like I wanted to
talk to and she's like well and I said
just wait till after school I don't want
to talk right now so she's been like my
mom don't hold my mouth she's out
getting her hair done so we have a
pregnancy test with two lines which of
course results positive so when my mom
comes back we're gonna introduce her as
the world's newest grandma yeah one of
the world's youngest grandmas so um
we're gonna see how she what takes that
until she's sick yeah she's the guilt
but um my mom were Catholic so won't
really religion religion aside she's
gonna flip out regardless you know I'm
Middle Eastern and you guys know if you
guys have any middle-eastern friends or
if you're Middle Eastern yourself
everything that's bad in any other
culture is 200 times worse when you
middle-eastern household so on top of
that my mom is Catholic no sex before
marriage nope nothing none of that so
we're gonna see how she takes this way
boy do you think you're gonna happen I'm
prepared to get hit honestly I'm
honestly pay she's gonna snatch my hair
and yes she might hate you
why do you yeah guys so we're waiting
for my mom to come home it's probably
gonna be another hour or so so we have
some time to figure this out honestly
I'm scared if we're being honest
but let's do this guys look at the test
we got the two lines right there
obviously two lines meaning pregnant yes
or babe you're smart we are so my dad's
we're gonna start buying a bunch of
pregnancy tests and all my female
subscribers want to trap your boyfriends
or you want to trap a boy that doesn't
is not into you my dad will make you one
of these boom trapped guys we came to
Vaughn's we're buying like something to
bring out to my mom along with the
pregnancy test kind of like a you know
like we're pregnant or not me guys I
want to be pregnant so that kind of like
a congratulatory like we're having a kid
blah blah blah so thank you frankly I'm
actually we're so pregnant right now
and gauzy gonna dig grandma guys look at
the balloon baby shower and look have
balloon hit in here have the cake
Congrats you gonna you who the fuck made
this kit you're gonna be a grandma let's
do this
guys I just finished editing the prank
holy shit this shit was hilarious you
you don't want to miss the reaction from
my mom but there's one problem the prank
turned out to be over 30 minutes long
and that's way too long so I'm gonna go
back and cut some parts out you know
there were some silent parts and just
some like non important part so I'm
gonna cut those out but the reaction was
insane I'm eating the cake right now
mmm hope you guys enjoyed so if you see
some random cuts here and there just the
prank was way too long but man this shit
was 10 out of 10 watch this guys look I
put a ribbon on the test to make it cute
to make my model about even more I'm
gonna have my girlfriend give her the
test of it you guys should watch the
devious where I'm scared they slap
people in this country
ma ma you got please method talk a
little in my language and so that way
yes these are hard enough for cheer yeah
believe it the Sun soon where you to my
mom
yeah Oh Roger either what do you guys
want to go why yes we had a headed to
remember um before cuz there being a
school I told you that I need to talk to
you later
I never did know what to say then yeah
um because this is a small thing so I
don't know why when you guys call me
like the big day or something mom oh
look take it take it
yeah why was I like isn't it that or
something what happened beautiful hmm
my did you guys get my god card or
something
mom no yeah nothing with the law and
actually this month this is it could be
like seeing as a good thing I don't know
how you're gonna react
he loved our
oh mama Oh another Oh stupid you know I
approach every not from Nantucket it's
positive
don't touch the pop that I peel where
did you get this
I took it just now some other than Papa
for real then like this you have the
guts to stand like this and tell me look
pregnant are you saying yes on purpose
when I was on earth my whole and it
happened I don't know how I feel I don't
know what I don't think about it I was
sick in the morning yesterday and then
the week before that atmosphere how are
you sitting there facing me and tell me
this stupid thing aren't you guys a
shame of yourself
but that I put over multiply say 2005
fucking six hours when I Jackie comes
here you guys go upstairs and close the
door you better know better than this
you should know
Layana condoms Iago book - funny stuff
little mobile - what were you thinking
how are you going to face your mom
trusted me to have you over here and
that's how you were you gonna tell her
aren't you ashamed of yourself
just tell me you can do it please if I
wish it was a prank
honestly I let madam with the gun what
I'm gonna tell my father you all for
everything you bet I didn't do all the
herbs again the Arab Legion again he's
gone moreover the birth control I did
take care I don't know how I happened I
swear on
no that's what you know we're pregnant
you know we're pregnant mean you know
what I have in a way is their fucking to
line but mama is not even thick there of
yourself you can't even make your bed
okay baby show me no I hated something
when she comes here you guys close the
door I go put the towels in the cabin
not anything sighs go fuck that in my
house this happening and now you come
and tell me this is no mm-hmm I tell you
all the time like I don't use condoms I
wasn't joking no you were joking I hope
you were joking because you know I was
on birth control I went to my doctor
this morning and I asked her how and she
said it can just happen sometime just
can happen how did you feel how do you
feel when you guys aren't you ashamed of
yourself now what are you going to build
out are you gonna tell what I'm gonna
tell my family at the time feels good I
can't stop them good I'm sorry feels
good feels those are your parents like
this that's our I'm a father night kid
yeah even father don't you know our
Father mean it's not just stupid idiot
not gonna run finish walking that's for
Luciani nocturia no one get up this is
how I raised you
I salute this is worse
you're 20 years old yeah oh you're 20
okay even that you know what to take
care of a baby
if you're having a baby you think you
could eat you know he hurt - I don't
think she's ready uh-huh
I was 24 and it was so freaking hard to
have you using now with all the single
mom
do something like you gotta bring your
hand but what let's just say what if you
raised me better than you think this
would have happened like a shoe oh I can
always do better huh
what do you mean if I raised you better
huh
you mean I wasn't a good mother I can
carry a hurtful and your goals that you
did make that mistake okay hold on here
hold on come here come come come I can't
what just sit you're too mad right now
think about it
don't get close to me you're gonna be a
grandma shut your mouth I'm on my ass
I let bobbing up down your too but I'm
not well yeah I come again you're crying
out something for you I have something
for you what it's a prank
maybe if that's a friend I'll kill you
you've gotta be ashamed of yourself
seriously Jackie I know you better than
this exactly this do listen to your
shadow and watch them play on this this
is so messed up your life is over
seriously not having a baby's over as
this action is over you guys go to
school you guys better be thinking about
other things it's not only sex and
having kids yeah yeah it's a prank no
it's for the big look congratula you're
one of the youngest grandmas in the
world look
shower toilet deal Holloway you know
this is not a joke now Jemima Hartley
you're the mom going away haha come on
mom dad I'm not gonna shoot your mother
is indignant look ma cut a piece of cake
I'm glad you're here fuck your grandma
grandma I'm not ready to be a grandma
knee or not you guys know how hard is it
to raise a kid Maya this really bothers
three years go go if Bosley depend on
you healthy dead long time ago or you
just have to imagine how good for the
vlogs
we have we're having a baby oh yeah
still get used to talking there's a
memory cycle how immediate enough I'm
terrible but never be I feel bad now now
yeah maybe I didn't treat you good maybe
I wasn't there to talk but I can't tell
everything
can't get already raising you good
enough bubble no don't call my head on
top oh I'll get done with that every
cousin I miss her a little antenna
schhwaff a super mom
now I'm gonna look at her mom I swear to
god she comes to my house like you mom
trust me that okay
she's there but the mom is there you
better be hmm mommy no one like you just
get in the mood it doesn't matter with
home yeah yeah yeah this is what are
some bitch you've been pregnant she's
never been pregnant what would you I
give her some good tips to raise a baby
yeah I know some tips
yeah yeah no follow up some tips I gave
you something
careful I told you not me
I go to meet the public you should know
you've got the school and you guys know
everything how stupid can a
be ok I'm against your scare you're the
mother of my child I'm not against
somebody being pregnant it's a beautiful
thing about this age it's a stupid thing
my work combined we're almost 40 years
old
about 20 years so that knowing you think
that's why she got pregnant you combine
your age no it wasn't supposed to happen
all right how you feel about the rest
thank you really buddy you've been Shaka
Northcote cool a honeydew any time gonna
face everybody to stay healthy and Anna
called E and me3 his mom didn't raise
him either but I hope they blame you
because I go hi how are ya Oh Baba
punished oh shit they're supposed to be
a good vacay open your mouth open your
half the Watford go what yo
just chill I think look you're scaring
her you got pregnant she has a baby she
better be a channel yeah but I can't
scare no I'm sorry that happened to you
it's may be his fault and I feel bad I'm
sorry did I do
right but you should have known you
should have known better too you should
have known better money you're a grandma
you're very good loan
what other grandma can say their heart I
let that collect for you your life is
wrong why your life is ruined being a
dad if you have college you have no I'm
dropping out oh I'm dropping out why are
you okay seared why today today was my
last day of my going class anymore I'm
committed to being a father thank you
thank you running
I'll going to gym anymore series two
folding laughter me
okay I'm too afraid why are you mad I'm
telling you this are you happy no need
to celebrate I'm gonna call my family to
come over say all new to my Jewish into
your son that who got a girl pregnant
how happy you are you were telling me
how happy you were you're happy or tell
me you weren't even scared to tell my
eyelid if she was married yeah
I would be happy I told her we're gonna
get how I want you to come and tell me
you know anything about me in fact what
you don't have no gramley you're my mom
you're my go feel you might be able to
feel okay feel kid then how are you
gonna do this what am I gonna tell my
son or daughter oh yeah my god grandma
yeah I did when she was 19 when she used
to come to how our house you just heard
a father and you just abused and yeah I
can't just think don't call dad yeah
keep it you really want to get hurt or
something why would you hurtin you keep
it yeah it didn't slip there everybody
if you don't care show it to everyone
they'll be happy I don't know why you're
bad look everyone that's how I raised my
kid my kid I'm 20 years old I know how
to raise a son or daughter I'm ready for
no matter what oh that's how you do this
how you have the net to come and look at
me and say that okay but why are you mad
you can't change anything I'm not gonna
go wear a condom and take it back wait
let me show you yeah hold on let me just
tell you this how
pack of 12 cotton is $12.99 what the
hell - went $12.99 for why so was there
money all the money in the Kindle boy I
don't yeah I don't know I'm not that it
doesn't it does not feel good with
condoms well it's a fucking prank it's a
prank it's not a fucking prank it
doesn't say it's a pregnancy but it says
camera by the oven right there if you
come here don't hurt the mother mommy
right and you ruin the case may be when
you know next year next month I'm ready
for this I'm so you're not ready to be a
grandma are you not ready to be a dad oh
my god really scared you ruin the cake
she said she said when I go upstairs
next to the cabin mixer who might hear
all the stuff from you and that's right
now are you married yeah so now you know
what I'm gonna do with that in your mind
when you sleep with my friends grandma
rug oh my god that's my mom babe okay
okay okay
you guys I swear I couldn't like my my
live gods all right
okay guys pinches slaps Keys throat fuck
I shit my fucking keys throne shoes
throne cake fucking throne water spilled
on me let's just say that in case
something ever did happen between me and
Jackie
after that I'm definitely not even
telling my mom so she's gonna have to
wait till the baby comes out before she
finds out after that reactions
