wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it swing I would still
choose you
we got a pillbox video they keep going
it's not okay this is what happens
off-camera my girlfriend taking selfies
Bosley Bosley the fan father why didn't
you buy tickets to lower level why'd you
get balls is our biggest fan he got the
nosebleed seats though Bosley Brad key
Bragi Brad key Bosley's two highs that
420 got to him that's why he's now being
wowed yeah guys
420 right now so if we act a little slow
just know like me yeah that's all I
already eating and that's why I got this
huge amount cuz I didn't know any better
because i'm too hot i'm just joking guys
we have in here AKA boy waters and i'm
here with my beautiful pretty cute
girlfriend he's only saying that cause
he talked to a girl tonight so he has to
make it out to me i not talked to a
fucking girl today
no I didn't fucking girl if that's the
case for all the guys you talk to you
owe me a million beautiful cute it just
saw you guys yesterday can you tell me
okay so she we had super hot spinach and
artichoke eye I drop anything like a
piece off I will drop it immediately
okay so she did her chip in the spinach
and artichoke a when she went to her
mouth it spilled on my hand this thing
of a top saw baby so I said come here to
give me your hand
and I took because it burned I did
in front of everyone so I take this food
I like that on your hand but it was it
went from really a dog I've got that
spilled on him please feel this much on
me I didn't know how much dough and then
the whole dog was so cool oh you did it
first okay
once I compared to this much level
chocobar guys hey hey security bothers
sneaking got to the lower level there's
nobody home guys yes come on starting
this video with this this guy I think
this new guy starts not for 20 oh okay
hey did you get the eyedrops I'm
actually dying okay guys listen
so this guy I forgot his name I think it
was Justin he sent me this in my
brother's feeldog video and that was
really nice of you got my brother the
same exact thing to my brother showing
in his video but the guy was honestly
shut up
the guy was guys you always know bosses
coming down the stairs because of the
earthquake that happened okay
cause we move okay guys so yeah it was
nice enough to get me and my brother
Gorillapod their camera tripod so thank
you so much
I think his name was Justin it's in my
brother's video we both appreciate it
guys we're gonna start off then how do
you say that mean this is our your
second rule just go LaRhonda
so guys this Nick okay this person is
from Hollywood California what Hollywood
is the name is su look at sul agh aah Oh
Phoenix sounds land here sorry this is
what I could have done I know it's a
little compared to what you do don't
compare yourself to me you're generous
enough to
Phoenix on lanyard they can you wear
this to my beam and say go shining over
here thank you so much oh now to
pronounce the name I feel really bad
guys love balls it's not down to floor
seats
oh you're his rounder than mine you have
a basketball oh you can be like Nicotero
Oh fine it will be you fit over your
head then if you have a small ah bigger
than mine
guys oh hey this guy's from Chula Vista
has erected a phaser Reza they were not
children even alcohol okay let's see
what this is I bought my dress between
care package first thing we see a condom
I am hyped we're all alone baby
let's talk about you and me huh too bad
all those condoms rainbow colors no I
don't chocalate flavored guys who no I'm
sorry but this is who wears a common
wall getting head chopped to say oh
great
this is just orange juice a rainbow
thank you so much for the care package
comes in handy this is fun
Wow why do they wanna have such a hard
name why can't one day me Brandon this
is from Kalyn kneeling from linking New
England I mean this is from Lincoln and
Eve yeah it's from listen we're just two
college students trying to make it in
life ah family barely surviving oh my
god yeah Phoenix Suns toothbrush I just
saw my girlfriend's two questions it was
orange and I get our facial few sons
fucking toothbrush why it is too sacred
but I must use this one my name is khan
I'm 15 Oh Lincoln Nebraska
yeah how do you in the rest first of all
he gets super excited to watch my vlogs
up in his mom his face inspired
America's on YouTube channel specs h9 I
hope you enjoy what I said yes I didn't
very much and he said oh shit literally
tomatoes please both it with an egg no
for real thank you very much this is my
topic condoms honestly I'm so happy
gosh I don't think you pay attention
when I say I go in are aw stop sending
me comedies Ben can you please open one
it's not bad I don't advise anyone to go
in all right
but if you do you do 15 you open this
but it says it's for Brian and Brandon
too bad Brian being a hole right now all
over he is ha ha ha introductory
Chaldean big this is for you got me
about our both flowing Chaldean oh my
god that's for you babe it's just from
all right Leslie close up I brighter
better enjoy your good you guys both
bunch of the Korean language so you
learn a few things you tomorrow
I don't go to the cubby language dummies
idiot a lot I'm just joking what net T
look it's LA I know lefty Letty Letty
and then and you don't have let 10 you
don't have let alone
they don't have net to let you listen
not let Chi I don't but you Mike alia I
don't know what you're talking about
hey let me teach you one my thing say
vicuna
thugs
ready oh yes dogs hey am I really gonna
go to college naked just with the socks
and why I'm watching thanks you this is
from okay this might be the wrong note
but it says hi David just saw this out
of friends hand and thought you would
like it miss you Albert they Riccio me
hey brick Oh another bill hey brain and
I live in Alabama
hey Airbus was born in Birmingham
Alabama I watched with every day one of
my favorite youtubers say hi to everyone
enjoy I enjoy very much a phony on
Twitter or Instagram from John Connor
miss you out there no that's a fake no
Amazon put it so I can position on this
is from from the worst RAM that you met
on Wednesday open this please you're so
strong
hey they said look he says be a one too
look that's that's that's my autograph
be a and then one two is for Devin
Booker and Eric Bledsoe thank you so
much for letting me meet you out your
house yesterday
interviews are amazing I don't really
play bass ball until I found your videos
now I do thank you so much also make
sure rug doesn't scare I hate this
bracelet for you because you deserve it
thank you so much from Zach he actually
he actually remembered be a 1 2 that
means a lot this is from scandal allow
San Gabriel California
that's so cool
are you calling me fat that's high water
non actually Calvi natal Shenzi say
Shamsi you don't know me about my niggas
it was only right brother no whip it was
only right bad bitch better sully right
20 potterson a phone charger hey Brandon
what up my name is Andre I'm from
Lincoln California up in the Sacramento
area
once I hope you like this gift oh my god
in my tub no way I just saw this on my
work let me try this girl - hey Jackie
fire bro all video
Jackie is firing look at my face you're
lucky you sent me a charger or else how
to went to Lincoln 2nd ops I'm jumping
what hey did you break it look oh my god
a magnetic buddy said Alicia tell F
where to get a job get his damn car
awesome no I'll send that message to
Anthony and also say hi to mama and papa
Bosley Bosley Andre said hi - then we're
gonna try it in the shower electrocute
you what did you do dad guys this is a
magnetic this is a magnetic charger and
it's like I said we're just two idiots
trying to make it in life
aha 85 87 80
listen to this
thank you so much Jorge he's 18 years
old say watching my videos all the time
check out my channel Jay Mex Martinez
I'll definitely check that out
foam on Twitter he had these sugar
watching than three Jordan eight Phoenix
tons guys oh and shout-out kinkiest
cousin he also watched my video God look
at these shoes Phoenix Suns coming baby
focus God Phoenix Suns colored Jordan
AIDS listen they've on even if there is
I love these so much they pull on lunch
everything color
ah okay please let them figure oh my god
they fit guys first thing I'm doing on
the cake bothers ass with these that's
interesting I'm gonna do cuz it gets
stinking wait these actually fit thank
you so much for hey they mom so hi these
are so cool I'm so high oh wow four hey
thank you so much it's actually I can't
believe I miss you mono me alright thank
you so much you honestly this enough to
send me shoes but I appreciate it very
very much last long
this is from Dave Anita and Jackie sent
me a package last time and I remember
okay so this is definitely a care
package Wow all 300 more stuff okay so
we got some uh losing cream Easter candy
a lot of chocolate here we got maize you
need these
gommi let me go follow God my girlfriend
loves these live savers who loves these
I love these got a whole bunch of look
for boggy bog Li Xiu Qi Bosley these
treats are for you
they're from Dave Anita and Jackie what
do you say thank you yeah do you smell
that Bosley they love you Bosley give
the camera a kiss
babe stop taking selfies
babe I'm the only BFF you need here hold
it oh my god Bosley attacking the treats
Bosley they will give one after the
video look guys there were two packages
from this again Dave Lomita and Jack
eater from New York
again they sent me gifts multiple times
so I can tell they're huge fans and I
appreciate their loyalty and support
fitzy they have loyalty you tell me
that's how I fuckin talk about the prank
every single day I swear I'm still in
that big book krabby patty my girlfriend
loves spongebob here you can have this
Sour Patch bunnies
I just wanna kill him
I'm so happy she's been telling to go to
the doctor because I need too much can
you guys send me all this okay
a new neck is also great the one outside
yes right yes you guys are amazing
honestly yes I saw on your videos you
could use a new bass one day yes thank
you very much included some candy some
gum I've been using the term some very
wrong Patsy
if you guys are some peloton Poprad mama
review Rud and of course Bosley and
Jackie Oh Jackie and Anita my pets love
Bosley Jackie loves to watch Bosley and
he is only 16 weeks old so she doesn't
understand yet keep up causing us to
Jackie and Anita father you have to two
dog friends but one of them is underage
so you can't mess with that one okay
thank you so much Dave so Dave is the
owner and he has two dogs that's really
cool honestly okay guys we got to get to
cleaning all this up right now so oh
okay Dave gotta try one of your treats
ba one two Bosley don't shoot Bosley
he's actually don't give him one anymore
he doesn't deserve it oddly stop fooling
around
say hi to Jackie and Anita the dog
Jackie doe not this dog Jackie they can
you try one
guys thank you so much for all the
support I hadn't done a peel box opening
video in a while so I decided to do one
today again peel box
address is in the description below and
all these gifts are amazing honestly
like I said I don't want anybody
spending a single cent on me but the
fact that you guys just just think of
all these stuff descended I thank you
again for watching babe
Bosley stop flirting now that the peel
box hoping video is done it's time for
me and Jackie to read all the letters
that we thought we put them off to the
side see right here and we're gonna read
the letters now thank you guys so much
once again Bosley say thank you say
thank you babe say thank you here Bosley
if you say thank you sit if you say that
means thank you hey okay he's thankful
guys
