wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta sit
though if you let it swing I would still
choose you guys I actually probably just
caught the worst news on my wife and
like I'm actually about to cry I'm not
even joking listen so you guys know me I
get my haircuts every Monday right once
a week every single Monday so yesterday
being Monday I was playing lunchtime
basketball I went to workout after me
and Jackie had plans before she went to
work so I was like okay you know what
it's I don't have time to get a haircut
tonight I'll do it Tuesday I won't die
if I do one day later which is
surprising enough like my heart broke
just from making one day later so you
know I called my barber this morning
Tuesday morning and of course all right
listen to me of course
something happened with like my barbers
babysitter like she got sick so she
can't babysit his son sons only like two
years old so my barber has to stay home
today and and I was just like oh god
like another day without a haircut and
then he says his babysitter won't be in
tomorrow either
so that's Wednesday he's off tomorrow
too he won't be back till Thursday so
guys I it's been so I made an
appointment for Thursday but I was
debating so so much I was like I was
like should I go just get a haircut from
somebody else today like I can't wait
till Thursday and and like in your heart
like if guys if you have had a barber
that you've been going to consistently
for years that like if you go to a
different barber that's equivalent to
cheating on your girlfriend like you
can't go to a different Barbie I like it
once I step foot out of my house today
and even tomorrow I'm gonna be the
ugliest guy I have class I have class
and and I have a game today like I have
games every Tuesday so when I get
haircuts on Monday yeah I'm the freshest
dude on the court now I'm literally
going to be the
ratchet dirty ugly sky on the court and
we're playing one of the best teams oh
my god guys I don't I can't step foot
out of my house unless nobody's what oh
shit the mailman yeah I can't leave my
house right now guys this is actually
tragic news and you know I know there's
like some problems around the world like
you know we're in a water drought or you
know some like countries don't have a
sufficient amount of food to eat but
this tops them all like no haircut for
ten days I don't even know what to do
like in all seriousness though actually
I don't know why I said adulteries
because I was being all seriousness
right there but really we have a game
tonight it's a later game we have the
latest game 9:10 p.m.
we're om2 we need a victory guys we
haven't won yet first two weeks we took
two losses we're playing the we're
playing the undefeated team this team
hasn't lost yet so I mean we needed
we're gonna need to pull out a victory
tonight man I don't care last time I
promised you guys a win and I did
everything I could to get away and I got
19 points and six rebounds like the
games leading scorer and sort of the
whole game and we still lost so I guess
I guess I gotta step up even more my
teammates gotta step up we gotta get the
victory tonight okay like there's no
excuses I don't care if we're playing an
undefeated team I don't care if we're
playing the best team in the league we
got to get that victory tonight man we
can't start Oh in three Oh Bosley did
you hear mom what do you think of the
tragic news I told my mom the news oh my
god I wore blood yeah no kidding I
actually can't believe it like 10 days
up mom I literally like I'm agile live
on the streets like I look so dirty
nice I haven't that haircut for six mom
he explains a lot I'm just Chuck mom if
I looked as beautiful as you without
getting a haircut for six months I would
never get a haircut but I don't Brian I
can't get a haircut till Thursday that'd
be ten days since my last haircut
guys I've noticed like I've been eating
so much candy and and haven't been
drinking enough water I started to break
out like a little bit on my cheeks I'm
going on a water burst today like
tomorrow I'm literally gonna be been
drinking water binge drinking water
whatever the hell it's called look these
are the victim I swear guys when you
need so much can you just start to break
out and I've been eating so much candy
not enough water watch these next two
days I'm doing quite literally ten water
bottles a day I'm gonna piss myself
during when I sleep guys I'm going to
the gym
straight after class so I gotta wear my
basketball shoes to class this is gonna
look so weird it's gonna be a short
class just like an hour today um right
now I'm gonna go take some coffee to
Jackie because you know I haven't seen
her in so long I've been awake since
9:00 o'clock and it's already 10:30 man
haven't seen her in an hour and a half
so I'm gonna bring her some coffee
before I go to class oh shit
Starbucks drive-through this just open
like a couple of days ago ah I've never
been here who can I be the first person
to crash my car in the drawer in this
drive-through oh shit oh my god this
one's nice all right
yes please and can I do extra caramel
and extra vanilla all right
185 will forget me thank you okay so
Jackie owes me 495 I take $5 from I'll
take the five cents as a tip I'm a joke
I'll make her fuckin pain ah Wow
drive-through Starbucks I've never been
to one of these if I was a white girl
this would be my fucking dream I don't
even like coffee honestly I didn't even
get me anything I'm the next to get to
the window to get my drink how do I
cover my hair she's gonna see my hair
aah I'm next
guys the Starbucks is right across the
street from chick-fil-a you're not gonna
leave it without getting chick-fil-a
fuck that some get some chick-fil-a guys
I'm so happy I definitely can't let them
see we love this video going down Thank
You Man appreciate it
haven't done that in a while definitely
spitting in my food now anyways try Jack
to Starbucks hmm I love coffee guys I
don't know if you know what these are
they're oil wipes like oil pads when
your face gets really oily I'm Middle
Eastern a lot of middle Easterns have
like oily skin so like you like take the
oil off so it doesn't look like you're
sweating I ran out of oil wipes last
week so for the past couple of days I've
been using the same ones look they're
done they're filled with oil
I've been reusing them every day for
like four days but I don't have any more
so I have to use literally the corner I
find if there's any slope jackpot look
how much let's lift on this one
guys I buy them from CVS okay I'm
driving so slow
I know slow driver but yeah I'm trying
to make the most of them have to buy
more today there's no more room on the
own this one's done for a fact this one
I'll know um I have something along the
corners oh shit we're without meeting
Jackie
oh shit have to go right flat second
sorry car ah
Oh another one
fuck guys like I'm such a good driver um
anyways one more sip out of Jackie's
drink I said she only $5 but after the
couple of sips I think it's probably
owes me like 481 482 okay babe I said
you owed me five dollars for the drink
but I took two sips so now you owe me
like 482 I like your hair by the way
here are you seeing in my card
package was 222 so on you you could give
me like 68 cents
some money okay guys just finished
playing basketball I'm all sweaty
we just finished playing got out of
class went straight to the gym no
lifting today because I have a game and
if you lift before you play ball messes
with your show um so Jackie wanted to go
eat and I told her I said babe I
honestly like I smell like shit I look
like shit like I'm also sweating him and
she's like no it's okay so it's her
fault we're about to go eat at Wahlberg
Grill I don't know if you could see it
on we're gonna eat there and then we'll
go home shower and get ready for my game
yeah guys moral of the story you don't
have to look good or smell good in front
of your girl this is like real life hi
you look then why are you dating I like
to say guys how bad you feel for her I
literally just came back from hours of
basketball no guys look at this who the
fuck
which bird took a shit on my car it was
probably myself guys look at my nose I
would definitely be a toucan or a
woodpecker because I always pick Jackie
on the lips if you know what I mean on
the lips
I'm gonna call Jackie that you on the
car wash and thank you birds for
shitting on my car because I was like
hey but it just pooped on my class oh I
need a car wash too so about to go down
the street to go get a car wash right
now
oh shit Tonino so money on everyone man
you are pulling on my chest oh fucking
loud ah easy easy easy
are you gonna buy me a new fucking car
bitch easy
call this dry
name
why'd you get one where I didn't even
get an air freshener
guys you won't believe where I'm headed
so Car Wash finish down I'm going back
to the gym I just got back eight got a
car wash and I'm going back to the gym
because I have like nothing to do till
my game till 9:00 p.m. so I'm just gonna
shoot around I'm gonna put up some shots
I'm telling guys I gotta get my head
straight because I can't we're not
taking a lot tonight if we start on
three like no that's not good we need to
make the playoffs and then one three
start it's definitely not going to be
helping out with that we need to get a
win tonight like I said we're playing
one of the best if not the best team in
the league tonight so I'm gonna just go
put some shots up and Jackie's gonna
work out so I'm gonna be putting some
shots up and also keeping an eye on on
all the boys that are at the gym you
already know but guys we bought body
odor spray for Bosley bother you smell
like shit let us put it on oh my gosh
huh guys watch this Bosley yes good boy
hey girls I'll put it away if you don't
stop running
no he's look his look hey Seema bla yeah
death abeer me let me give you a treat
here and talk to you but it's actually a
treat here laundry ah
did it work yeah guys hey just like that
I said 500k subs 502 500k I'm so happy I
just said 500k no way ya live on camera
Brian white wine earning pizza we just
bought the most healthy jack-in-the-box
congrats man I'm happy for you
we're the best Felton yeah sorry I'm
really excited thanks bro no problem
500k yeah of course brother wait why
don't you slap my ass like I slept yours
come good job brother
thanks dad I hit 500k babe pick me up
for that you have to pick me up please
ah hernia Bosley I hit 500k let me pay
you puzzle you pitch Bosley please okay
fine maybe when I had a million debut K
me today's my day I actually can't
remember when it got big you can't kick
kick Gobert way I'm going on
I think then that celebratory kiss how
proud 1 through 10 we're trying to eat
healthy so we got jack-in-the-box Bodley
a few runs
dad you have home-cooked food you're too
old to eat fast food he goes it's better
than that
I'm telling my mom's you know I'm a hard
dad let him eat the food it's not too
big it's literally that big you know gay
so I guess the king of the house King
Bosley has a jealous yeah very good
Thomas I how come you don't break down
my food I think you're jealous
we paid break my chicken down for me
guys king bonsly can't even eat this big
dog food he had to get it broken down
for him guys look at this healthy meal
before my basketball game okay fine
pretend you didn't see the
jack-in-the-box look at my healthy meal
before the back 7:55 getting ready for
my game babe who are we gonna go pick up
yeah we're gonna go pick Stephanie up
from our game win or loss the team were
playing is undefeated love
later bothy
hang off the rest get away
point is he wants you to the train
clearly is here
I'll kill I probably go to jail in the
first game
except when you have a boyfriend anyone
Oh
yeah I got that
yeah
hey Deano you guys are going to get
married there's nothing stopping you I
don't know
screaming open amines are welcome there
we're doing it like outside no big deal
please I have security and then like the
security plan which is going to be no
girls
go ran in guards
we took another L honestly I don't know
what to say at this point I'm not giving
any analysis of the game or anything I'm
gonna say that I did drop 20 points
which is the most points that I've
scored them this season I score thank
you hey I hear you say go baby during
the game babe I said yeah baby like that
did you really know that does not hey
guys so I guess the non haircut was good
and bad luck was good luck because I
scored 20 points which is the second
most I've ever scored my most ever is 21
which was last year but I scored 20 and
then last week I scored 19 so I mean I'm
playing good but it doesn't matter
because we're still taking elsewhere Oh
in three and I swear we gotta start
winning games because this is not
acceptable I don't even know how much we
lost by it essentially we lost about
like ten or twelve but then we just
stopped playing at the end so I ended up
being like a 20-point loss hats off to
the team that beat us they're still
undefeated I don't know why I don't know
what more I could do I have to pull a 30
point game out here or maybe I'll have
to go 60 like Kobe I don't know but not
ama put some of the blame on myself just
because yeah I dropped 20 but like I
said it doesn't matter you look at the
lost column we still have three losses
we still lost we're selling three babe
well you have to say but honestly baby
were so hot that you did the same when
we weren't friendly where you just leave
like fella that you flipped over and I
was like Stephanie
what babe what the fuck is going on guys
like this they're hunting for aliens um
you're really literally an alien weakly
I shout out to George he's a fan he
watches my videos and he came to air you
to watch my games just for me he lives
around there and he drove over his mom
drove him over and he watched my game
sorry George you got to see a 20 point
performance but you got to see a big fat
L so I'm sorry guys thank you thank you
so much again for 500 thousand thank you
for I just checked right now I just
checked again and I have five hundred
and two thousand I got two thousand more
so thank you so much and listen I'm done
lying I'm done lying next week I promise
a victory I promise a win we're gonna be
one in three we're not starting Oh in
four I don't care we're not the Phoenix
Suns okay and uh I don't know if I could
promise another twenty point game
because that was pretty tiring my
girlfriend got me tired before the game
wink wink
guys we're gonna go eat at Applebee's
hey guys time to eat a dinner for the
second time in one day I'm going to go
get food with Jackie sweaty a F babe I
love you too I feel bad for you babe you
always have to eat me when I smell like
shit I was gonna get on there life
okay let's go
