yo bro watch what are you guys watching
right now is everyone in attendance
because if you're not you better tune in
okay honestly hold on stop stop
that was the corniest fucking inter I've
ever done in my life I was trying to get
all like hyped up bond and say I'm gonna
just go back to normal what is going on
you guys Brandon here in Canberra wadis
if you guys can't smell me cuz your
album watching this rather than in the
room with me I wish all the guys were in
this room with me I don't know if we
could fit here ready to say 500,000
subscribers in this room but we could
try if everyone was like Brian size that
we could fit them on with zoom but as I
was saying if you guys can't smell me I
smell like shit I just got back from the
gym I was there for like three hours I
was getting ready for my game tonight I
have a game in six hours
the undefeated wait I wish we were
undefeated the defeated Devin Booker 's
Owen to go up against the undefeated
whatever the hell their team is called
there to and oh so we're playing the
best team in the league and right now
we're in last place so we need to get
this way and that's at 9 p.m. so I went
and played some basketball earlier get
myself ready anyways I'm making this
video you guys because I don't did you
guys do that quickly I said 500,000
subscribers the live count right now
says I'm 400 subscribers away I'm at
four hundred ninety nine thousand six
hundred subscribers I'm gonna pull that
up for you guys and honestly guys like
what the hell who would have ever
thought I would be making a video of
five hundred thousands of merit because
I sure as hell know that I did not if
it's like God himself
it's the magic Genie if like Bosley's
ghosts came up to me fucking last year
and said hey bro what is once you start
your YouTube channel a year later you're
gonna hit 500 subs I would laugh and
laugh and laughing that all the way
probably till I died I would this five
hundred thousand guys no way like that's
half a million all I'm gonna say for all
you guys I've started you to put in work
work work work just like we ought to
innovate say just like my interest says
work and you're gonna get fart you might
not get 500,000 you might pass 500,000
it doesn't matter but if you put in work
you're gonna see results I'm telling you
guys you put in the work that I put in
I'm not trying to sound cocky or brag
but if you put in the work that I put in
and just focus on YouTube and like like
my life has drastically changed so so
much to where everything is centered for
you guys everything is centered to
YouTube videos everything I do is
oh is the brats car gonna like this oh
can i vlog this to show them can I blow
a ball like all this everything I do in
my life so different than last year last
year was doing stuff for myself this
year I'm doing everything for you guys
everything I do is for you guys so on I
just want to say like I cannot thank you
enough oh let me guys
listen everyone knows where me and my
brother live our address is not a
fucking secret anymore
and I'm gonna take a huge blame for that
but let me tell you why this honestly it
kind of touches my heart when I say this
when I started YouTube there's a video I
did that completely showed my address
and I was like okay who cares I have
like fucking like a couple hundred subs
like no one knows me nobody cares for me
listen I would have taken that video
down right away immediately if I knew
all gonna hit five hundred thousand subs
I in my head there was no way in hell no
way ever like in I don't care if it was
ten years 20 years or till the day I
died I didn't nothing I was gonna get
five hundred thousand subs like like see
look at this guy's I'm 425 Hey 426 subs
away like I just guys I really don't
know if you guys knew how much you mean
to me like I'm not very uh like I'm not
a very like emotional person like I
don't come off as that so you guys might
think oh he doesn't care about his
subscribers or guys you don't know what
I feel on the inside I go to sleep every
single night thinking about you guys
I've tried to favorite every tweet that
comes my way although there's too much I
try to favorite everyone I try to
interact with fans guys I followed a lot
of fans back on Twitter coming from the
top of my head I followed Simon he's a
huge Oklahoma City Thunder fan shout out
to him Twitter guy not a role model I
know you're watching this kool-aid poppy
I was just talking to him he drove all
Stan's jomama hoops I
EMM I talk to them regularly like you
show me you're a loyal fan like you get
in touch with me I'm gonna follow you
back we could talk like I have normal
conversations with these guys about
their days and like just how they are
and everything so like you guys are I
don't want you guys to look at almost
500,000 subscriber or I'm a part of this
500,000 fans no you guys are my friends
I want to say you're my family liked
what I did sticking up for my cousin
Stephanie I would do for any one of you
guys like I love you guys also wasn't
for you guys I know this is really corny
but i'ma just say if it was not for you
guys I would not be where I am at today
and I just want you guys to know that
you guys changed my life in only
positive ways it doesn't matter which
way I look at it from up down side side
fucking like no matter which way I look
at my life now with YouTube involve
compared to last you ride into YouTube
it's only gone up in positive ways I
just can't like guys I must stop right
here you guys know how much you mean to
me I try to show if I come off as like
oh he doesn't really care I apologize
I'm just a very like quiet person not
quite on that's allowed but I just don't
really show it but if you guys get a
chance to meet me I feel like that's
where I show up the most everyone leaves
meeting me with a smile on their face
I've never left anyone who's met me with
a down face but anyways we'll get to the
second part of the video the hate guys
but hate is unreal
why why are you guys hating so hard like
I understand yeah you have a bigger
audience bigger fan base you're about to
get five hundred thousand subs so that
comes with more haters but guys chill
like I read some of the comments and I
understand some people hate for
attention or some people just do it for
fun whatever that's dumb enough but if
you do it do it some people man I tell
you I read their comments and it's like
it's like oh like who burned the tip of
your toe this morning or like who
fucking came up to you with a razor
blade and chop the top of your hair off
like what some people man like I just
don't get it like if someone holding a
knife to your throat saying watch bro
bodies or are you doing it for fun
because no one's forcing you to watch it
like if you don't like it there's this
thing called a red X in the corner of
the screen and you can click that out
I'm not forcing you to watch my
videos like some of the hate like please
go get some pussy like trust me it helps
and I understand some of my audience is
very young age so I apologize if you
don't do that yet but if you have a girl
around who's down and you feel the need
to hate on my videos before you type
that hate comment just hit that girl up
and see if she's down and then I
guarantee you you won't want to hate on
my videos if you if you go smashing you
someone here on my videos and I don't
know what to tell you if you don't have
a girl then for the logo just go out
maybe see the Sun or maybe go for a
little walk because the hey guys is like
like every other comment I mean blue
waters blue Oprah what is this and I'm
just like guys I'm just chilling like
I'm staying up all night making my
videos editing sometimes I'm skipping
class sometimes I'm skipping the gym
like I'm putting so much time into these
videos to get hate no guys I don't fuck
with that like let's keep this channel
positive I don't get the point for
hating like a lot of people hate on me
and my girlfriend and you act like like
me and my girl fair going to be like hey
did you read what that subscriber said
fuck you I'm gonna I'm mad at you no you
guys are not achieving nothing like or
some people oh your girlfriend's a ho
you act like I'm adult or hey one of my
subscribers called your hoe we're
breaking up no like I don't get what
you're achieving I really don't
understand it like or the people oh this
is the worst rug is better than you or
you're better than rug you're funnier
than rug rug is funnier than you the
only reason you listen guys me and rug
are like do you know how to count one
two we're two different people we're not
the same person we have way different
fan bases one has two million Congrats
one has 500,000 we have different videos
I'm more of like the raw edit dirty
jokes more mature he's more targeting a
younger audience we are two different
youtubers - did he came up from video
games on the daily for Stockham we're
not like how about you say this rug and
boar waters are the best rug and bro
waters produced good content
why are you comparing the two like we're
not the same like we're both successful
and we congratulate each other there's
none of us is better than each other no
one is more successful in each other
like I don't get the need like to do
that we're two different human beings
doing two different things like oh no
but I just don't get the hate like like
I read all my comments and all the
people that show me support like like
you see I reply back saying thank you or
ha
this means a law like like guys I'm just
chillin like you you know my mentality
if you watch my videos every day you
know me I don't care about anything I
just sit back literally like this maybe
drink some water
Oh No maybe spray some cold that I got
for free from the mall oh shit this is
my mom's this is my foot Wow now it's
not like a girl but anyways I have to go
shower anyways but yeah guys I don't
know so uh just like the hay is kind of
getting over the top and I don't see why
if I come off as like a coffee person if
I come off as like a cocky person or
like something like I want to apologize
I guess but like I said you don't have
to watch my videos if you don't like
them I'm not forcing you to watch them
oh and like the people like us on
Twitter I'm all jokes I'm all jokes I'll
tweet about sex all cuz I'll do whatever
because I'm not here to target a younger
audience if there are younger audience
that are watching me and they're mature
Congrats stay but I have other people
saying yo watch your mouth you have a
younger fanbase that's that's reading
your tweets then unfollow me unfollow me
I didn't target on younger audience I
target on more mature audience I don't
say age because it's on your head if
you're mature enough to watch my videos
watch if you're not mature enough like
like if my girls wing a short shorts and
you're gonna comment who am I going to
see what his girlfriend is way I'm gonna
jack off Bobo listen if you're not
mature enough to look at a girl wearing
shorts without your penis going up then
I don't think you're much mature enough
to watch my videos if you follow me on
Twitter and you see a tweet about sex
without you freaking out I don't think
you're mature enough to watch my videos
like you don't understand I've had some
parents like tweets me say hey my son
watches your videos don't talk about
this then don't let your focus on watch
my videos there's a guy down the hall
named rug younger audience watch him I'm
not gonna change who I am as a
for anybody so respect that that's who I
am as a person guys social media is all
jokes to me I'm not like Twitter's all
jokes these vlogs are jokes I laugh all
the time like I try to crack jokes
I'm not sitting here like hey guys
what's up no I'm not serious I'm just
laid-back that's why I don't get the
hate if you're gonna hate just get out
of here with that because it makes no
sense Oh 400 away oh yeah guys I made
this video just to show how much each
and every subscriber means to me and
I've said this before and I'll say it
again if you just watch my videos but
haven't subscribed I'm not forcing guys
to subscribe I'm gonna let you guys keep
watching my videos I'm gonna be
entertaining enough until I guarantee
you're going to subscribe you're it's
gonna end up happening you're gonna
watch my videos are gonna be editing
you're gonna subscribe by yourself
notice I never say this I never say drop
a like I never say share this video
thumbs up let's break this many likes no
I don't say that because I just try to
be as entertaining as I could if you
guys like it you like it you want to
share the video you share it I never
tell people I don't even promote my
videos on Twitter I don't share my links
like if you like the video enough you're
gonna do it yourself I'm not gonna force
you guys to do it like guys if you know
me by now unreal I'm not gonna change
who I am or anything to please listen I
know a lot of people who watch these
videos aren't younger so if I was smart
I would be like oh let me be fake and
let me like target a younger audience to
get more views no I'm not fake um I'm
bro Wallace that's how I am that's how I
was raised that's who I hang out with
and that's what I'm gonna do if you like
it you like it I'd rather have five
hundred thousand real subscribers who
loved me and loved watching my content
than a million where I have to act fake
and like cut a lot of parts a lot of bad
words and a lot of dirty jokes out just
so I can please the younger audience if
you're nine years old and you know
mature enough to watch my videos watch
them I love you too you're 11 years old
and you're I'm not puttin an age you
just gotta be mature enough stop the
hate guys uh anyway this video was not
meant to uh like oh let me target the
hate comments no this video was meant
just to show you guys how much you mean
to me and like I'm not trying to be
cocky but I think I put in too much work
to deserve all this hate man I don't
like we don't need this hey I said this
before and imma say it again
I'm working we're working and you guys
are working on building the greatest
YouTube channel on YouTube 500,000 I
want to look back on I want to look back
on this video in 3 years and say wow I
was really that happy for 500,000 subs I
want to reach millions I don't say
million I say millions like I want to
eventually I wanna I want to be broadest
oh yeah but what is that's the greatest
channel on YouTube I want the most
positive like I just want the channel to
grow not for me for you guys for
everyone who's watching this to be here
this early I want it to keep going up so
you guys can say that I was there this
early and all the people who haven't
subscribed yet keep watching my videos I
guarantee you one of the videos coming
up one of the videos whether it's
tomorrow the next week the next day next
here you're gonna subscribe because I'm
not entertaining but uh anyways I'm
gonna end this video here I just want to
make a quick little thank-you on how
much five hundred thousand subs means to
me of course I haven't hit it yet I'll
probably hit it within a couple hours
maybe when I'm at my game which we
better win by the way but um I was going
to show you guys how much you mean to me
I also want to tell you guys that man
the hate does not like it doesn't belong
on this channel it doesn't faze me does
not faze my girlfriend my mom my brother
like we all see you we just laugh about
it like if you're hating like I don't
know what to tell you like I said go
find yourself a girl or just go out play
some basketball a fucking go look out
the Sun I don't know go tan cuz too much
hate guys that's why the world is such
like a such a like tense place like like
you're getting hate on people who are
just recording their lives on YouTube of
course you're gonna get hate on even
bigger issues so like on a holy shit how
many times did I say like in this video
well I don't know but um anyways bro
wadis is a tall before I leave guys do
you remember this edge : let me ask you
again do you remember this intro like
for all the people who were there for me
from the start you're gonna know this
intro I still have it on my computer and
before I know it bro watch well thank
you so much for watching thank you again
for 500,000 subscribers like I said
we're not done
here we are not gonna stop here mark my
words we're gonna hit a million two
million and 3 million at least I don't
want to set the bar too too high but
we're gonna hit 3 million whether that's
when I'm 30 years old 25 or 21 we're
hitting female so on remember that
remember I said in this video and I
really do love you guys all
even the haters I'm not gonna block them
away from my channel and I'm not gonna
like Oh get away from my child no I just
want them to change I want you to keep
watching my videos with a different
mindset but that's on you guys
people that love me I love you guys too
like I said everyone like you've changed
my life for the better if you wanna like
talk about me with your friends don't
talk about only so funny all he loves
his sons all his girlfriend is hot you
know say oh yeah I'm a part of the five
hundred thousand people that have
changed for what is his life from okay
whatever to really really good
just know that anyone who subscribed to
me or anybody who's ever watched my
videos you guys helped in bringing my
life from here to here so I love you
guys all and check this intro out guys
sorry for the potato cam I just put my
real camera in charge but I forgot to
say one thing
the reason my vlogs are so like raw and
like unedited and like you know showing
like my dirty jokes or cuss words is
because like I said I don't want to
portray a fake image and be how I am and
then edit all the parts out so you guys
can see only the good side of me no I
want my subscribers to feel like not
subscribers I want them to feel like
friends and family and how do friends
and family see me they seem they don't
see an edited version of Broadus no when
I talk to my friends and family there's
no app that edits my words and motions
know there's bruh wadis there's me and
there's my friend so why should i edit
and like take parts out that oh I don't
want to hear them hear them here let
them hear me saying this no I want you
guys to know how I am as a person
because I feel like me uploading raw
unedited vlogs of course I add a little
there's like a lot of some parts you
gotta edit out but I want you guys to
like I feel like that gets the most
where you guys can feel like oh wow
I really know bravado
like he feel I feel like I'm his friend
like that's how I want you guys to feel
I want you guys when you see me in
person to come up to me acting like a
whatsit like you know me like you
actually know me and that's the reason
that like I leave a lot of things in
that other youtubers would take out I'm
not saying I'm a better youtuber than
anybody else I could be the worst for
all I know but I leave a lot of parts in
because I feel like that gets my fanbase
much more connected to me and it allows
them not to think of me as oMG I love
bruh water somethings biggest fan but
rather than yeah but what is he's dope
that's my homie that's how I want you
guys to see me that's the image I want
to portray guys one last thing I want to
add very last thing is you won't believe
like someone will comment some shit like
go fuck yourself and your mom and your
dad your girlfriend's a-hole your
brother's a piece of shit
your dog so today you're the worst out
suppler ever ever and I reply with shut
up or fuck you and I'll get comments wow
you're so rude to your fans while you
have no respect toward your fans first
of all if someone talks to me like that
I'm gonna reply however the fuck I want
that's first and foremost I understand
but you're the beauty burr be a bigger
person now someone comes I'm like that
bah bah second you're rude to your fans
that guy's not a fan if you're talking
to me like that you're not a fan you
don't belong on my videos so on I know I
just confused me also like you won't
believe when I stay at a basketball
opinion like oh I think this seems gonna
be this team and I'll get comments hey
fuck you homie that's my team don't
disrespect them you just lost the sub
okay
like this is my basketball opinion
people act like I'm taking shots at
their life or their family just because
I don't pick their team to win like what
do you want to do keep my mouth shut I
love that so i'ma say my opinion I love
debating basketball I'm talking
basketball but apparently if I don't
pick your team to win oh this guy hates
my team like God there was this account
Instagram about love me they love me
like one of my biggest fans and um like
I picked the Hornets to beat the heat
which was kind of silly as you guys saw
the first game the same account that
loved me post a picture this fuck-boy
dumb ass pussy picked oh whatever like
oh my god anyways I'm out you guys
