wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bro waters and today
I'm here with my cousin Steph hey
Stephanie um so today's gonna be a
little story of an incident that
happened today well your guys are gonna
be seeing this on Tuesday this incident
happened Monday it kind of happened over
the weekend actually it was kind of
treading for like a year let me just
start off Stephanie's gonna add on her
comments but first someone can you guys
my side so for whatever reason whatever
purposes we're not gonna mention any
names any phone numbers or any like
anything like that we're just gonna go
confidential with this but just know
that involves my cousin and a guy so
there is this guy who my cousin and him
have been close friends for like over
two years now and like my close friends
I mean really close like this guy wasn't
the most popular or like didn't have
like Jenn she was just a guy okay did
not have that many friends that many
people on his side so Stephanie who is a
super nice human being would always be
there for him they would call each other
best friends you know post a picture
with each other and he would go to he
would go to her whenever he had problems
whenever like they would just text all
they hang out at school so uh
and I guess this guy had like people
would pick on him for whatever reason
and uh so how long would people like
pick on him for like he would be picked
on for a while right
I don't know like okay he would have a
friend but then that friend would just
like use him yeah so he would have
friend people would use him and like be
really mean to him and routine so he
would go to step and she would help him
and he was like oh thank you like for
helping with my problems and all that
okay one day one day so like I said this
guy like yeah he had friends but they
weren't really true friends you would
they would use him and he would get
picked on and just he wasn't really the
most popular guy my cousin was always
there for him okay everyone knew her has
really nice best friend one day I don't
know like this guy woke up like his head
was pulled out of his ass or something
but uh
so he woke up and he decided which I'm
glad he did this he forgave everybody
that made fun of him he forgave
everybody that you know picked on him
used him he forgave those people he
forgave them and he decided to be
friends with them which is good I like
if you're if you're being picked on or
something and you have people you don't
like if you for whatever reason feel
like you don't want to carry on that hey
and you don't look like you want to
forgive then do that but but in the
process of forgiving those people and
picking them up as his friends he
dropped my cousin Stephanie as a friend
so so it's one thing to forgive those
people and you know I'm gonna be cool
with you guys and also keep your best
friend around but for whatever reason he
felt the need to forgive those people
bring them back in his life and drop the
person who was there for him for years
so on you know he stopped talking to her
deleted pictures with her that he had
posted uh like start what giving like
kind of like really I buy any like dirty
bullshit like some feminine girly shit
he would do so my cousin like rightfully
so she texts him a couple of days ago
you know she was like hey like I
understand we're not really on good
terms for whatever reason I just want
you to know that it's kind of like
fucked up to do this to the person who
was there for you all the time and uh
like and she also threw in she said
being the next person that I am if you
ever decide to want to talk I'll
probably be there for you as well even
though she has she's should not be
elated to be there for him if he ever
gets picked on her bully because he
dropped her as a friend uh after she did
nothing wrong so she takes it in that
and he replies with yeah I decided to
like forgive those people and bring them
back in my life like he gave me with a
like you know yeah people change and
stuff like you can't say the same person
yeah so I and I told her I was like tell
him that's fine you could change because
people backing on but that doesn't mean
you have to drop me so she told him she
was like that's just messed up that I
was there for you for all those days
nights years that you needed someone to
talk to and you're gonna drop me his
friend and you know what you reply so I
know I reply when I'm not hot in front
of my own eyes in front of my own eyes
he replies quote bitch you thought I
needed you for those years
first of all really first of all you
should have seen the text that he would
send her like when he did need her they
were bad eye they were bad he needed her
first of all yeah second this guy is
calling females a bitch you don't ever
call any girl a bitch ever ever ever
ever ever you don't ever call away my
bitch just said I mean Jackie joking but
uh wait Jackie really takes to me that
he's my best friend
um so you don't ever call a girl a bitch
no matter the circumstance it's one
thing to call girl stupid idiot you once
you call girl a bitch let her look
you're gonna call my own cousin a bitch
for no reason just because she like said
what she's little I tried to six yeah
try to fix up friends already dinner
right hold on so so he replies like let
me just say this if you call a girl a
bitch I automatically dish I lose my
respect for you we're not cool we're not
on good terms
you're gonna call my own family like my
own blood a bitch I was like you
understand
I fuckin I got her phone I call him once
he didn't answer twice didn't happen
when you thought the voice you know I
thought when he had the voicemail where
it's his voice so I thought you picked
up
I said you motherfucker like I just went
off and I said I was like no no but then
I was I called him four times a day
answer he had the nerve dater with a
text why are you calling me I replied I
said just answered he woulda answered
five times six times did not answer the
phone so I texted him you know just a
strongly worded message I just said
listen to me this is her cousin she's
not Cecily I said you call my cousin a
bitch and I'm gonna show to your house
I'm he's underage I'm not gonna touch
him I told I'm going to talk to him in
person
I said I said you call me right now and
we could talk over the phone or my
cousin knows where I live and I'm gonna
talk to you in person
and trust me you don't want that I
didn't find him I cannot touch him like
I said I would not touch someone who's
under 18 he replied with oh I'm so sorry
like I let my temperature so ski you
associate he's like I let my temper get
the best of me I didn't mean it like all
that and I was like okay whatever I
didn't reply he's sorry like chef don't
talk too many more this was on Black
Friday or Saturday yeah Saturday okay so
so Monday comes you
it's done with like seven shades she
lost a friend well I'll say the morning
part she lost a friend okay that's fine
so this morning you know my usual tweet
I tweeted something about basketball and
I don't even follow follow the guy on
Twitter so like I didn't get a
notification from him sesame sends me a
screenshot of what he tweeted to me he
replied to my basketball tweet saying
nobody fucking cares and and I like that
self and I said no way like I Texas at
all like no way that's not really him
she said yes so he he apologized he shit
himself said oh I'm so sorry over 10 t
oh yeah and then after that text he said
please don't talk to me in person just
text me whatever you have to say you
know he'd shit himself and then he has a
nerve to go to school on Monday in front
of his friends yeah go on told it with
his friend yeah oh look I'm gonna tweet
you - I'm gonna say this
he doesn't even follow me so he found my
Twitter I don't know the kid I don't
know how I found my Twitter it wouldn't
be that hard though he replied to my -
saying nobody fucking cares and I lost
it because after what Stephanie told me
she said that she saw him after he
tweeted that how would you know like she
was just one just one is laughing and I
just look at like laughing like this
like I'm just being very very feminine
very feminine and girly so I texted him
they said I'll admit I'm wrong because
I'm twenty years old so I shouldn't be
getting my business with someone who's
under 18 he's not that far behind but
he's still under 18 so you shouldn't be
doing this but I texted him because
imagine after calling my girl a bitch
and getting confronted by me and
apologizing you're gonna go to school in
front of your own friends and try to act
cool and reply to my tweet and then give
my cousin like a little laugh like that
so I texted my said listen to me right
now I don't know who the fuck you think
you are I don't know who you think like
what the hell got up but you woke up all
of a sudden one day mr. popular you took
back all your friends who used to make
fun of you and uh wait right so yeah so
you woke up like you drop Stephanie has
a friend that's one thing you call her
bitch that's another your client like it
just added up I said I know who you
think you are but I'm not gonna touch
you personally just know that but
Stephanie has a little brother I don't
know if you know his name is fuck boy I
mean yeah older brother littler than me
who is under 18 who could touch you so I
told him I said
you better stop fucking acting up
because I cannot touch you but I know
people as in Anthony who could touch you
so don't so don't fuck me that and he
replied with stop harassing me likes
don't don't talk to me like that just
very like girly like very fucking like
in a stupid way
like if you can't own up to what ya like
you can tell they yeah he wasn't with
his friends like showing them the text
so like so I texted him this this is
where like I guess I went wrong I said
if I will you out ask your last here
your teacher if you could spend the
night in the classroom because if you
leave that classroom I swear to god
you're gonna get your ass like I needed
someone to put him in his place I can't
touch her so I had I was gonna have
Anthony do it Anthony says her brother
so you can see yeah and like my his
friends we're just like getting along
he's like no I'm not gonna let someone
treat your sister like that
so like so tell them like you're just
sitting in class oh yeah and what would
happens I was just sitting in class and
then the people that read the golf cart
are like really scary if you shake your
do book yeah if you like if anyone sees
you in that like they just know you're
automatically done for so I'm just
sitting in class and like I look behind
me and the guy is there and he's like
Stephanie Joe Broz school security I'm
just like oh my god I'm quickly trying
to delete text and everything I'm just
like they're gonna take my phone like I
have this like my parents are crazy so
so you get called to the office and
who's there the guy is there of course
what do you know just that I'm like he
snitches he shows the text messages yeah
and I'm like what he says my god he says
he got threatened he did not mention
that he called her a bitch like he just
like like he just ran to the office with
his dad he told the school security you
told the principal Stephanie got called
in and like they called her parents and
like all these in like so that's the
first session her dad called me and you
know I apologized he said he loves me
for sticking up her but not to get
involved I understand where he's coming
from
it was a bit immature all I know also
when I was an addict asked me if I
wanted to talk to him and then I was
like okay yeah bring him in and then
they he goes back in he's like oh he's
really mad he doesn't want to talk to
you like why are you mad over something
that you caused yeah so like so like say
so they call her and they call her
parents you know they pretty much put it
on her
and like they get they give her away
with the morning so she she goes out
turns out he also got the school cops
involved hours later she gets called in
and there's two cops and so now I have
to call the cops like I said I admit was
a bit immature on my part I'm 20 years
old I don't need to be getting involved
in this but this is family and I don't
know about you guys but I take family
very seriously I take my close friends
very seriously and family like those two
things you don't mess with it this was a
random person I'll probably say oh don't
call her a bitch but this is family I
had to get involved so and I have to
call the cop tomorrow and like talk to
him and they had to file reports on her
side his side of me listen guys when I
talk to him like cuz I had to bring him
and I can talk to him you're just
sitting there he wasn't even saying
anything yeah you like way shit I'm
gonna say is like you're gonna call a
girl a bitch you're the bitch yourself
that's one thing if you're calling a
girl a bitch then you might have to look
in the mirror and you might see the word
bitch written on your forehead cuz
that's what you are and then if you're
gonna call a girl a bitch and then get
threatened so you run to the cup like I
said I didn't turn into touching someone
his age threatened Anthony and you're
gonna run to the school security the
school vice principal the school
principal and the cops and call your dad
like that's a whole you're a bitch
you're a bitch that's it so we kept the
secret confidential no names no Twitter
ads no phone numbers no nothing but
that's what happened somebody who used
to get like picked on and had friends
that would turn their backs on him so he
came to this girl right here every
single night with his problem and she
was there for him saying of how late
would you like what's the latest hey I'm
talking to him before a long yeah she's
like lost sleep like trying to help him
they were best friends like all this and
like I said if you're getting bullied
and you feel the need you don't want to
carry on that hatred in your heart you
want to forgive those people do it but
there's no reason for you to drop the
people who were there for you say well
I'm trying to fix stuff yeah like
there's not there's no such thing as too
many friends like if anything you keep
those friends dropped and keep the ones
that were there for you but I won't let
her be his friend anymore like
like yeah there's none of that went I
just want to tell you guys this whole
situation because this to me was just
like I'm I'm really you know me guys I'm
literally just like this love this whole
thing like don't call my family a bitch
all of the things you look all Brian at
they don't care but don't call oh no
Seth you can say something real quick
before we under like I'm saying is like
okay you caused something and then
you're gonna get the cops your dad the
vegetable everything involved it's
probably gonna go on like a record thing
or whatever that this happened not this
cool police got involved so like I start
something like and you know I just want
to say to the person if you're watching
this I'm very sorry that you know I'm
very sorry that I friend you you know
you all you did was call a
fourteen-year-old girl a bitch you had
no reason I'm just joking I hope one day
you sit down on a phone shoves up your
ass and comes out of your mouth because
that's what you deserve you got away
with this really easily you got away
with this very very easily by snitching
and talking to a parent and cops so the
only thing we can hope is karma and
Steph you have more friends including me
you know if you ever want to like like
eat go out to eat go put us our shower
together like we could just do whatever
you want but uh yeah guy don't like
comments yeah I know so guys I don't
know I hope you I don't want to say
enjoyed this video I hope like you learn
a lesson or something I don't know this
videos just inside on what's going on
both of our lives right now this
happened throughout the weekend and
today and uh you might serve our
syllabic if you're watching this just
know you're a bitch and my lace and oh I
got one more thing to say in always when
those friends same friends you took back
turned their backs on you again then
don't come back to my cousin Stephanie
find a new best friend to talk to
and I need to go see Jack right now so
Stephanie to exit my room guys for
what's called peace
oh my camera's hot say bye-bye
