wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you you know what's going on guys
Bosley here aka fat-ass wadis and today
we're going to be watching this playoff
game it's actually been a really really
good game you know the piston there you
go leblanc complaining once again so oh
you guys are confused why set Bosley
instead of bro waters well look at this
guy's I said Bosley game I guys take a
pic of this and tweet it or Instagram I
can't breathe mm-hm
Marcus you suck anymore suing I hate
both of them hmm
oh my god I'm dying
it's too fucking hot right now this
guy's it's like 80 degrees in San Diego
it's all that mask on it it's fucking
like 200 degrees I swear no but really
this game this has been a really really
good game D choice put up a huge fight
they were even up by seven in the fourth
but you already know LeBron and the Cavs
and the rest um help them a little bit
if you don't score here it's game over
Reggie it's on you oh never mind
look Jackson wants loves fade Jackson
wants loves hands too much dribbling god
Reggie Jackson dribbles the ball so much
buzz Lee holy shit balls we got fatter
what you've been smoking on Bosley come
here let me see your eyes oh my god
Bryan get the drug test
Basel you're screwed guys I'm looking at
the standings from my league and look
who's in ninth out of tenth place but
Devin Booker that's us oh and two but
it's only been two games so we got how
many undefeated teams are there there's
three uh oh no four undefeated teams but
one of them had a bye week I wonder what
our bye week is so yeah we got to start
winning games man our next game is
Tuesday at 9 p.m.
okay hold on give me one second um can I
do to Hawaiian barbecue mixed plates and
one mini chicken car to two mixed plates
please what was that
oh it's Brandon I know that's it
okay thank you but $25 $25 was that like
$20 for too high it was $20 for your
mini plate $5 from me and Jackie guys
junior is pumping white balls is outside
hole engineer leaves out there someone
love the garage open and Bosley's made a
run for it
where dad oh shit
look hey Bosley huh what were you doing
Oh dad and a car came right now oh my
gosh okay well I guess Bosley is loyal
Bosley you're better than all the hoes
from San Diego okay Junior
now go go become junior loaded become
for me in nomina take a shot at continue
here hold my camera
that's your body weight can be I'm just
gonna say I'm recording for Brandon's
vlog oh that's okay ah you missed it
yeah I'll just hit Brian in the head
with it
take two guys watch this I'm gonna drink
water
Jamaicans down downstairs hopefully
still there
twice now my dad caught me in each on
the expensive couches hey guys here you
pumping the guns
if you shoot me I'm gonna put your head
in the church MA but you guys don't know
what cha-cha means it's toilet man I'm
blaze guys ah man I'm blaze I'm tired oh
man I'm blaze dry knocking I need some
news I know so I can't think I can't
talk right now so bad huh give me give
me like two hours I mean I mean I said
two hours no no give me like two seconds
let me just put these in really quick
yeah I think I missed I dropped on you
fuck no man yeah but now I can enjoy the
food the Hawaiian barbecue that I'm
about it yeah right now I can finally
enjoy it cheers you have to put in I
have no problem doing that come really
Bosley lost a lot of weight all that
time I called him a fat ass is really
paid off buddy what did you do to lose
all that weight and now times again he
was my friend Bosley got booty - you
lost away but kept the booty buzz Lee Oh
Bosley
so hard so blind QD because I see you
squinting your eyes at the screen every
word you type and I've here your nails
breaking everybody every time you touch
the keyboard the blind the beautiful
blind as the he are fucking smashing
morning we'll have a good one guys
get yourself a boyfriend who massages
your back while you do your homework
they have to keep doing it after I turn
the camera off
it's oh shit tomatoes really oh my god
they have a snapchat thing of it
Wow I said oh shit tomatoes wait guys my
phone screen is cracked so I like my
front camera doesn't work so I can't do
the tomatoes filter I can't do any
filters on snapchat I came and do the
dog ho girl 1 oh oh my god it's like
subway or chopping all the fucking
tomatoes ok cuz is me guys will go funny
this is haha guys and see this is how
Jackie got me with a prank because I
love doing the front camera snapchat
stuff but my four cameras crash oh here
use my phone boom
Aaron they said did you ever really
cheat on me with Aaron enough when you
don't want your girl to be a thought in
public so you make her you make her wear
something around her waist I've never
had
anybody do my laundry because the one
time I let my sister do I look this was
going up to here look his shrinks babe I
have no problem with that she could
shrink it one more time dress that I
wear on you like the very first you know
the seventh that wasn't actually a
minute like no - Kaelyn not to me yeah
guys we want to go out in public but we
have to try to find something that
covers Jackie's precious booty no you
guys you know it's really hard I always
keep fuckin clothes in my car I know one
time I don't what's hard having a bubble
but yes having a beautiful bubble butt
and a beautiful face to match an angry
face babe I what hold on big before I
show them the score what did I tell you
about this game I texted you in the
morning what did I talk about this game
he said it's gonna be a blowout and I
say it's gonna be boring and I don't
even want to watch it and look what
happens the Spurs are up by 27 so have
you guys heard of a blizzard from Dairy
Queen Oh make it 30 pressure up by 30
have you guys heard of a blizzard from
Dairy Queen me and Jackie oh there's
something my me and Jack like they're
foreign like okay well uh what is that I
don't know okay we're not going anymore
we were gonna go get no we're not going
guys
Beatrice oh we're craving date robotics
you really are the audacity to call
yourself broadest ah babe okay we're
gonna go today we're gonna get blizzards
I'm reading us more than one big feet
big yeah for me we're going to Dairy
Queen it's thank you every time I try to
say something you always interrupt me
we're going to Dairy Queen we're going
to Dairy Queen we're about to go get
blizzards it's Sunday so closes early so
we have to get there fast I'll pick this
vlog up when we get to
to DQ Dairy Queen that they want Dairy
Queen Bosley do you want Dairy Queen Oh
move how do I get away get away oh my
you don't know boys on my girlfriend
next to my girlfriends every time he
sees me he tries to hint to you with
this tongue Bosley stop stop
Bosley ugly what raises Bosley beat
Bosley is he's no Bosley is ya Bosley's
half middle-eastern a quarter Y in a
quarter asian asian a quarter why
accorded hey stop stop babe don't look
guess well Bosley I do it better
good if you actually shot me with that
I'll cheat you in your face if you know
what I mean
guys I got Hawaiian barbecue chicken on
a fork
before my daring trip hey come I'm
eating the chicken from LnL guys good
stuff up boyfriend leads you babe please
babe I've had the no dairy cream babe
dirty dogs that's really where Bosley
belongs do they mean dirty like as a
nasty or dirty as in nasty nasty like
how are you sir listen when I was cute I
used to come here guys and now I'm ugly
enough Jackie hey why so mad what look
how packed it is Jackie just asked to
pay for the ice cream I said babe you're
supposed to be gold-digging you are you
asking you know a hidin babe it's okay I
admit it I mean I accept it babe you're
still showing too much
big
first of all my girlfriend has a nerve
to show her neck in public
second try West years but an escalation
claireandnick
guys there's my s'mores and my nazi ass
fingernails they let me see your
cheesecake
cheesecake
you can take it off when you get to my
house punch me right now on cameras yeah
guys I definitely need this erases
wrinkles in seconds look I have wrinkles
on my forehead let's watch right here
see that's what happens when you date a
Latina for several months my most hated
section of all time Hey I'm so stupid
why have I been going to CVS I spent at
least $70 and this is like do you bring
dollars over there's literally 20 I'm
not 30 bucks okay why are you so mad
cause look $9.99 for lashes I spent over
$50 now we make a pit stop at McDonald's
for my dad and Brian my dad wanted to
spicy chicken Sam's is not one too
and Brian wanted chicken nuggets and
fries me and Jackie are trying to be
better people so we didn't get
McDonald's actually I'm not gonna lie I
got one cheeseburger oh my god when I
know dad what did you say okay you're
not getting the food anymore it's been
it's been what yeah the first thing my
dad said we said food here is it finally
guys this is gonna oh my god I always
say guys anyways guys there's gonna be
no bond I say it way more guys there's
gonna be the best series in the world I
don't know fellas there's gonna be the
best series the best series
yes ladies and gentlemen okay ladies and
gentlemen this is gonna be the best
series in the Western Conference I
predicted this to go seven games because
oh shit the Clippers have a history of
choking in the playoffs and then they
get matched up with the underdog team
Portland who's playing with no pressure
like I don't know there's gonna be a
good series Bosley you want to go in the
car I'm about to start eating my meal
and my dad's already one chicken
sandwich done and on halfway through a
second dad
what are your review on the McDonald's
chicken sandwich why why I got you two
chicken sandwiches and fries and coke
taken to Applebee's Oh God every time I
eat McDonald's I literally feel like
death after like a man who baked do not
he's not I already told me if you shoot
me i'ma shoot you in your face and they
don't I mean by that I actually feel
like I'm gonna die after ie McDonald's
like my heart's gonna shot
okay so mixes guys how did you fuck it
all right
what the hell so I'm getting out of the
shower look what time it is literally
like almost midnight I'm getting out of
the shower and I hit my foot line right
here as I'm getting out and I was like
okay whatever didn't even hurt
I look down fucking massacre on my toe
it was literally Wow pulling out I don't
even know like I literally just hit my
toe didn't even hurt and I look down and
I see all the damn blood look guys we
have to move all of it hey babe we have
to move all of our uh look mom will you
call all the tables and look downstairs
babe what the hell we'll ride on the
left cheek we have to the carpet
cleaners coming look we need it that's
baby if you throw one more thing I throw
you through the window with it where are
you getting all those stuff the carpet
cleaner is coming we needed it look at
how dirty the babe oh yeah and look so
we had to move everything baby who helps
my mom I did I help my mom yeah so the
carpet cleaner is coming today Monday
April 18 17th I don't know what today is
and I am about to go to gym but it's too
late to play basketball I'm just gonna
work out I'm working out my chest and
triceps I need it I swear my chest got
smaller why are you not in your head
your bill goes smaller guys I'm a four
hundred ninety six thousand subscribers
and it's only a matter of hours or days
I'm not even sure how long before I hit
500k and that's just amazing half a
million subs I'm gonna cut this short
because this is just the outro to my
vlog I want to thank you guys all for
watching not just its video but for
watching all my previous videos my video
views have been going way up they've
been skyrocketing and I just don't know
what to tell you guys
so tomorrow for my 500k I'm gonna be
giving like coming out with a big thank
you video I'm not sure how long it's
going to be you know when I get in my
feelings and again my heart I could talk
for a while imma be just pretty much
like thanking all guys it might be
emotional I don't know but uh this is
just a quick little thank you I'm have a
whole video thanking each and every one
of you guys that should be up tomorrow
but that's not going to be my father in
this case special have you guys ever
heard of a prank it's this thing where
uh you know you do something to someone
and it just turns out being really funny
I'm not gonna tell you who I'm gonna do
- I'm gonna tell you what it is I'm not
gonna tell you what it's going to be
about but just know that 500k half a
million subscribers special prank
goodbye bro wat squawk I love you guys
and thank you for watching not just
video this video but like I said any
video you
I said watch any video that I made you
laugh any video that you've ever enjoyed
liked shared anything like that thank
you guys so much
