guys so I'm sitting here chillin
watching the Saints and Vikings game
right and I hear the basketball
dribbling outside so I'm like okay maybe
it's Brian my dad maybe even Dennis and
I take a peek and look who's playing
basketball outside mom who are you
playing with are you playing by yourself
I'm so proud of you
oh my gosh damn I used to think I got my
basketball addiction from my dad but I
guess it came from my mom
29 seconds left this field goal if he
makes it will win the game as she made
it no way that's crazy guys they were
down 17 0 drew brees former San Diego
charger you know when like you have a
baby and growing up they do something
crazy like they take their first bite of
food or something like that you feel so
proud of them and me when I came out so
I played that's well it's like I was so
proud like it was just a moment I'll
remember forever imagine the first time
I came home from school and I brought it
a when I was in kindergarten like that's
like what I felt from you it was crazy
basketball every day I'm gonna started
buying like I can't believe this even I
don't know it's crazy you just got to
work on your tone for a little bit and
they're just happy what the hell oh my
guts hold on hold on what right no right
I wasn't even logging cuz I didn't think
anything was gonna happen
yo what the there was ten seconds left
but let me tell you I was going for both
teams New Orleans I wanted to see them
win because Drew Brees used to play for
the Chargers and I'm a Chargers fan the
Vikings I wanted to see win because the
Super Bowl is gonna be in Minnesota so
it would be crazy seeing the Vikings
play the Super Bowl in front of their
hometown and their home crowd but they
still gotta win one more game they still
gotta beat the Eagles like in sports
anything can happen nothing is
impossible and this is why I love sports
number 43 he is going to be hearing it
from the coaching staff from the other
players from the fans number 43 on the
Saints what were you doing like they
might not even let 43 on the team bus
tonight I wouldn't be surprised if they
lots about I just drove away
oh and Stefon Diggs he's about to get a
whole lot of tonight because my dad just
built this whole ramp from scratch
Brian's doing something crazy for his
video as usual and when you guys see it
you might think that Brian bought the
ramp from somewhere but oh but nope
behind the scenes my dad literally built
all this from scratch Ron the Builder
Ron the hard-working builder dad it
looks professional I swear until Brian
tries to go down and it breaks now I'm
just joking and don't get me started
what Brian plans on doing with this like
Brian okay look me Dennis and my dad
like in between here we have a brain
well I don't know if I do but I like to
say that I do Brian there's no way he
has a brain the things that he does are
crazy but he does it for you guys so
there's that
why do you always look so sad baby for
one bonsly we'll a kiss make you happy
if a kiss makes you happy to give me 20
kisses and if a kiss doesn't make you
happy too bad cuz I want one Bosley
until next time on breaking into Brian's
concerts
okay Bosley so you'll make out with the
air no problem no problem you'll make
out with the air for ten minutes
straight but you won't even kiss me okay
buzzer just watch next time you'll ask
for food next time you ask to go for a
walk next time you ask for anything I'm
hit you with remember that one time I
was dying for a kiss and you didn't give
me one but then you made out with the
air for ten minutes straight yeah look
away exactly cuz you're too scared
oh now when I find you with food you
want to give me a kiss okay buzzy way
Brian you know how they dyed your hair
did they dye your brain there's no way
you could Brian look this is it's pretty
much as high as a rule whatever happens
you'll get views no you were so confused
it just wouldn't be good it's little
things like that that make me respect my
dad so much his work ethic is through
the roof no matter what he has to do no
matter what he has to build or remodel
he never calls anybody to help him he
does it all on his own and you know a
lot of people tell me and my brother
that they respect our work ethic for
uploading videos every day editing
videos every day me myself going to the
gym every single day and I owe it to one
guy I owe my strong work ethic to one
person in one person only and that's my
dad he taught me and Brian everything we
know one of the hardest workers I know
know the hardest worker that I know is
my dad he doesn't want anyone help him
yeah he does not let anyone help him you
throw him 27 and not seen
honestly I don't blame my dad I'll
probably throw him off distract him talk
about basketball talk about the Suns
Devin Booker guys literally what the
hell bro we just came back home from my
mom and dad's house and this is what's
in front of the door no it's for sure
it's like an animal I swear
both there's no way that's actually
blood wait don't touch it don't touch it
sis so dumb like we've had letters left
at my door before and like creepy stuff
but never anything like this this is so
weird bro
there's a million rooms in this complex
how do people know I don't understand
I'm like we'll just fucking blow in your
door what's up your wait wait shine the
flash of your phone what's the hell
there's I'm thinking it's an animal look
just look I mean I obviously want to
know what's inside
I don't know don't bring it in home No
yeah I want to open it I want to know
what it is but I'm curious but I don't
want it to be something like that I'm
gonna be scarred for the rest of my life
we'll open it we have to bow I want to
know what's in here it's weird do you
think somebody would I don't think
something's moving Oh what like why does
this happen Danny watch how Oh freakin
blood oh no no there's nothing on man
what can you open the doors I'm about to
kick this hit ball I'm sorry I know I
said I wasn't gonna open it but
well there's something in there 100%
there's something in there listen was yo
hold on
last thing right now should we open it
or no I mean Bo we can't just leave it
and not know what it look there's blood
all over not just on one side no the
thing is how to get in your door but
wait are you pranking Dennis tell me
right now uh-uh
tell me right now well there's no way
you'd be able to cuz you wrapped my
mom's house the whole time with me but
still what if it's like Brian no Brian
was there the whole time so was my mom
and dad it's already been open cuz it
feels like a package that somebody
shaped it would have been sealed shut
but the fact that it's open nobody here
in film I'm not joking opening there's
no I'm running first 100% you know like
that oh this is like a frame I sure like
god there's a scheme you don't think
that creeps me out that it's already
open that's what creeps me out bro
that's where they go something positive
I swear fucking shaking bro look you
think the camera is stable right now Ben
can you see can you see in there first
make sure nothing comes out okay I swear
to God if there's a snake in Higgins I
saw my life I swear that I swear check
it is your blood in there what do you
mean Dawg all I see the hand on the door
look look inside I see a hand on a doll
a super small one look look look do you
see it right there right there right
there
oh is it show it is that it that's it
alright I swirl it corner look at the
corner there's blood I swear to god
there's blood in there okay let me just
say thank God we're recording this
because this is something that nobody
would ever believe there's no way anyone
would believe us
we're filming this right now okay so so
far I just do a little bit of blood and
a doll or like a baby doll did I'm Bo
I'm freaking Yoshi from that's it
what is that there's blood on the inside
oh that's disgusting
God I'm sorry you guys are gonna call me
a baby or whatever but there's blood
inside of here I don't know whose blood
it is or what love to say so I'm not
trying to touch it with my hands make
sure there's nothing like what the blood
you gotta be careful
men don't throw anything on wait what is
that there's something on there whoa
whoa Dennis who does she like this just
tell me wait close the door this time
don't hold on wait check what that said
what the hell no what is saying oh well
they had like a phone number it says
something man why would I prank I swear
to god wouldn't paint you with this
Brandon I believe we're to get Bob to do
the whole time and I know no one none of
our friendship wrinkles or something
like that yeah maybe you to fake blood I
just don't understand like what this
mean it's a Sunday night okay the fact
that this person knows where we live
this person over to live help me blood
and a knife both people are crazy I'm
sorry I just hope you stop praying
there's a prank I mean it's stupid but
whatever it's better than some actual
psycho like killing something and wiping
blood up like I just hope this fake
blood is some type of prank whoa what an
adult look I swear I'm not touching my
hands look I swear to god there's blood
on there hey let me just say something
really quick first of all we gotta get
rid of all this because it's disgusting
whoever you did this I don't know if
you're actually crazy or if you're just
trying to pull a prank
either way to pull a prank like this and
you're so crazy like the fact that I
don't know I'm not sitting chillin on a
Sunday night watching TV I'd be like oh
let me go get some baby doll and stab
them and pork one like make a crime
scene on a bigger crime scene make a
sign and drop
that's not what I consider fun you take
the time to find where they live
yeah that's not what I consider a hobby
like that's just weird people gotta make
sure there's not even anything in
knowing who knows what people put in
those I've experienced creepy letters
little creepy pills that were left at
the door but I have never this has never
happened to me whoever did this was
you're on a whole other level boy you
gotta do not go get checked or something
because this is not normal to do this
and the fact that this person knows
where we live is like we have to call
reporter security you think so for sure
someone's bringing a knife to our door
reporting and blood I'm just saying this
fake blood what if it's real both you
have the chills Betty's mother got out
of jail but all my hair is sticking up
in the back of my neck this is just
weird
this isn't something you you come home
to on a daily basis but hey I'm just not
going to filming that's I'm watching
them yeah I'm gonna need your camera man
we're also I'm Dennis so it was safe to
say that we experienced some pretty
weird stuff guys I'm telling you I don't
know if it's life of a youtuber or well
I don't know what it is but there's just
some weird things that happen to me and
my brother and it's just creepy like
things like this there's I mean you
can't control them I can't control
whether someone comes to my house and
put something at the door or not but the
scary thing is there's some parts on
here where the blood looks fresh beau
things like this always makes you think
about what if this happened while we
were here what if we were right outside
the door and someone came with a knife
and stuff like this so it's just it just
always makes you think and then it makes
you think about your parents what if
someone is crazy enough to like do
things to your parents and like that's
my biggest fear like don't nobody mess
with my parents
I don't know but guys I think I'm gonna
close a video out right here we got a
you said we have to report it to
security uh yeah I just don't like I
don't know what else I'm gonna vlog
today there's no way I'm leaving the
room there's no way I'm leaving the room
today tomorrow yeah oh you're sleeping
here you gotta sleep over come on let's
go a sleepover not tomorrow I'll be at
the gym to play basketball don't worry
but as far as tonight there's no way I'm
leaving the room anymore
and I'm gonna just end the video right
here so guys please let me know what you
think in the comments down below
subscribe to the channel if you're new
thank you so much for watching this
video I love each and every single one
of you guys I was tweeting out earlier
today that I love you guys and I'm
blessed because of you guys so thank you
guys I love you I love you guys and
please whoever thinks that this stuff is
funny or whatever
uh-uh sober up this stuff is not funny
it's weird and crazy and psycho I can
never ever find the right words and
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
