don't know what loan is days I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you let its wind I would still
choose you guys first game of the NBA
Playoffs it's actually getting
depressing watching these playoffs
because the Suns have not been in the
playoffs for six years six years it's
the third longest drought of any team in
the NBA
Minnesota's at 12 years and the Kings
are at 10 but still think about this
I'm almost 21 years old and the last
time the Suns were in the playoffs I was
14 so now every time I watch the
playoffs I used to love it now it's just
sad but I still love laughing now it's
just that I watch it I wish the Suns
were in it but it's still the best time
of the year and honestly today I'm gonna
be home all day watching the playoffs
guys big you really that blind you have
to watch through zoomed-in snapchat yeah
like TVs right there at least focus it
guys get yourself a girlfriend who could
fucking see you say all the bad things
that I do fine get yourself a girlfriend
who wakes up and gives you a kiss on my
neck
get yourself a beautiful I just don't
feel fine you'll always say I think
itself a girlfriend you loved who's
beautiful with a sexy body and nice long
hair and dresses nice and has nice shoes
and yes you do big just watch it regular
baby I can't see you see this is a joke
everything you do is a joke hey you know
that I've heard that girls who's old
spice because do not even think about
because white white yarn it gets
everywhere so I just might
I know why it smells good okay Brian
uses a little spice I don't want to do
you feel like I'm kissing Brian you call
him an old lesbian so that's okay who
says I want to make other old lesbian
guys Paul George taking over this game
they guys have literally made my
girlfriend watch Oh playoff games do you
like it if I do you like the NBA
playoffs yes how much well do you love
more me or the playoffs okay you could
get out not from the door you could jump
other few guys I promised myself today
that I wasn't gonna leave the house
because of NBA playoffs I wanted to
watch every single game you know I just
want to relax and watch all the games
Houston Rockets fuck you they suck so
there's my cousin Jay so yeah I can't
even watch this game anymore the rockets
and warriors game is nasty so I'm about
to go shoot around outside play some
ball so I guess I'm not leaving my house
June do you wanna go play basketball do
you remember when I was your coach when
you were younger what was that the worst
time of your life okay let's get back to
our drills let's go let's go but you
have to do them naked guys you want to
know something fuck up let me just tell
you something to fucked up it's about
stealing tweets so the day of Kobe's
retirement the day of Kobe's last game I
tweeted this funny - I knew Lou Williams
wasn't even playing but I tweeted hey
Lakers nobody should be taking any shots
except the black mamba himself tonight
especially you at Lou Williams and I
added him this guy let me give you guys
a sad name I blocked him already
good so this guy's name was at Silva
sakes he did okay
so boom Williams replied to him he this
guy's Silva six copied my tweet exactly
and I didn't know until one of you guys
one of my followers tweeted to me saying
hey bro look Lou Williams replied to a
tweet that was copied directly from you
Lou will reply
shut up I haven't played in weeks I
don't care you could have applied that
to me that's so Louella fucking NBA
player replying to me and so I quoted
that guy Silva and I was like oh you
like the seal tweets that's dumb you're
blocked
so I blocked in and then he like tries
like he's like no bro I'm sorry can you
unblock me and he deleted the tweet like
that but loo will reply why would you
steal my tweet and Lou will you fucker
why would you reply to him and not me I
wanted to get confronted by NBA player I
wanted to be afraid to tell me to shut
up I wanna wear these shoes to shoot on
outside but I haven't wore them in weeks
so you already know what I have to do
today I know spider-man oh ok nice rocks
or spider egg whatever pilchard okay
this one's clear guys I can't wait to
watch the Hawks and Celtics game they go
wait where's the outdoor ball who's
outdoor ball
oh shit it's right there
fuck it's locked guys just got word that
in two weeks for my cousin Jessica's
21st birthday we are going to Vegas
Jessica's his sister Brian where we
going in two weeks where Las Vegas
Nevada
guys so yeah Jessica my cousin is
turning 21 happy birthday to her special
shout-out to Jessica me and Jackie are
going got our own hotel room bless up
thank on we got our own hotel room
Brian's going Jessica's going Jessica's
sister Amanda Jessica's sister Mandy
we're going as like friends family
because I'm fucking I was just playing
basketball when I got word and I'm hyped
I can't wait Vegas oh and Jessica's
friend Kaitlyn Jessica and Brian's
friends well she's my friend to Kaitlyn
she just turned 21 so I guess we're
celebrating Jessica and Caleb's birthday
at once we're going on April 29th for
that weekend we're going 29th 30th and
coming back May 1st so like that's gonna
be high January one of those a strip
club with me
here's mind it's corrupted this is a
generation of kids nowadays what a shame
no sinner what movie did I always make
you watch when you were younger
guys I fucking love Borat
but yeah so we're going to Vegas in two
weeks
Jackie Brian Jess Amanda Mandy Kaylin
not you Ginny away introduce yourself
really quick how old are you why are you
drinking beer first of all it's gonna
okay how old are you
what grade about to be an eighth what's
your signature face yeah
Heineken Dos Equis fine can you believe
juniors about Judy's about three in
eighth grade I stole Brian's speaker
Oh
Junior has a girl broken your heart yeah
or no okay you need this song with more
of it this is what you need to sing this
is when your bride needs my Brian this
is when you smash this song this is when
you're driving to the mall throwing all
your money out the window after their
girl breaks your heart
fuck the classic then a classic where's
the song I love to have sex - hold on
wait let me find it oh you got a do it -
this one I'm telling you guys you know
when you finally lose it you have to to
this song
this is my song to Bosley Bosley there's
my song to you did my song to you Bosley
the best friend ed my best friend you're
my best friend Bosley they go booty
bitche my best friend my bestie came
through clutch oh shit whoo girl carnie
saw the cheap it looks so good okay
where's my burrito no feet all right
I know for burritos sour cream wait who
got for burritos extra one guys all my
subscribers who wants an extra burrito
come down one extra burrito oh fuck yeah
no I want cake please what kind of cake
is it rocks to mill guys I've am
literally three times as much as Bryan
has a and B in head over the hell it's
called
Junior what is it eight and our eatin
you wouldn't know you
Junior do you love Bosley hey Bosley oh
sorry I interrupted your yawn sorry buzz
Lee Yong Yong fat ass go guys so you
know Jackie's at work my friends are
busy I don't want to leave the house I'm
gonna tan it's sunny right now I'm gonna
pull this chair right here and you know
I'm making this Saturday oh I'm a light
relax right here I'm gonna just tan guys
I'm gonna tan my body and you know I
came here from back home oh shit I just
set them balls oh I just set them balls
shit ha ha ha you know what I came here
from back home to live the fuckin
American dream and you know what the
american dream is to sit back relax on a
saturday watch NBA playoff bats on tan
in the backyard
and I came here to live the American
dream I came from Iraq
to live the American dream even though I
was born here and I've never been back
home I came here to live the fucking
American dream and the American dream is
Saturday afternoon or almost up the ball
to shoot in 73 degree weather San Diego
California to sit down and tan in your
backyard watch NBA Playoffs no you're my
god lion or doe tennis shoe Bosley see
you guys is why I love jr. and the fat
ass guys this is literally gonna be me
oh wait pretend I didn't do that because
they're supposed to be like a margarita
in here so uh this is literally gonna be
me in Vegas
every day just like this tanning with
this fucking clothing on DoubleTap to
flip the screen snapchat just like this
I'm gonna request this to the deejay
well there goes my margarita there's
literally gonna be me in Vegas man I
came to the country to live the American
dream and that's what I'm doing on this
Saturday afternoon you know let's go
show Brian yo rugrat and we me during
Vegas yeah you want a tan with me in
Vegas at the day's swimming pool Club
guys I'm the ones I got arrested on cops
you know one causing the cup saying what
are you doing out here I'm not doing
anything I'm just walking two straight
guys we're trying to put Bosley medicine
for his ear infection and he knows by
now what they look like
mom look he won't go near it hey Bosley
mom wait stand up stand up and go close
to him with it Bosley come on we're
gonna put medicine in your ear how many
family members does it take to fucking
trap a fat mutt
Bosley uh almost got him Bosley has
trust issues guys I'm about to go eat
with Jack mom I'm about to go eat with
Jackie we're gonna go to this place
called Islands I hate this shit go in
when your shoe doesn't go in from the
back and it's like that it's all bad and
you're too stubborn to take it off and
untie it
motherfuckin go go the fuck inside ah
there I'm legit sweating from that that
felt better than an I swear when it
finally went in guys look at my
signature BA for Brandon Oh Wallace and
then the one for Devin Booker right
there the one guys you all know how cool
my girlfriend is big tell them what you
did
no she was not
you guys guys my server my server was a
girl like alright yeah so I play on the
thing because he paid obviously because
he needs to keep me good but um
guys she's a gold digger yeah of course
so I put on the top call me pretending
to be him and I put my phone number so I
wanna see what this whole text she's
gonna test to see if the server will
text me even though she thought we'd go
I want to see just I just want to prove
to him huh girls are closer Dana every
other restaurant that would be really
funny okay you guys I get the boy
servers the boy servers all in my memory
and you okay our new segment is gonna be
every restaurant that we go to if it's a
guy he's gonna leave his number
pretending to be me if it's it's a girl
I'm gonna leave my number pretending to
be him
and then we're gonna put whatever they
say if they Texas if they takes us while
they know we were there in the Wiz yeah
yeah with some because we were
definitely worthy a like we were
definitely like like I was like sucking
like I was kissing her boobs in public
she was like touching under by shorts in
public so they knew oh babe
they didn't believe me that I told you
about my dream about the guy I killed
and I said you got boyfriend I killed
him because he like because he tried to
dance with you I told you guys I told
her what did you think about that dream
um I thought it was pretty accurate like
I know you would definitely do something
worse there what's worse than that I
don't know like actually do in real life
yeah is it guys babe honestly okay I'm
not gonna start off every single cut
guys guys guys okay and guys oh wait you
guys think it's bad those are the parts
that I leave in you don't know how many
times I have to cut out guys from the
vlog while I'm editing but anyways let
me tell you what we just found out so I
had told you how
on me Brian and Jes Kayla and Amanda and
Mandy and Jackie all go into Vegas
we're just gonna go to Circus Circus and
that'd be the 18 and elders 18 and older
stripper yes but we just found out that
Laurence Larry the lobster is coming too
so throw Lawrence onto that list so
Beckham Oh BJ Lawrence is coming too so
now you add on to the list
Lawrence Jessica again it's her birthday
so shout out to Jessica 21st birthday
and it was also Caitlyn's birthday
that's why we're going to shout out to
tend to shout out Bravo widest go ahead
so yeah me Jackie
Lawrence Jess Kaelin rug Mandy and
Amanda so I'm hyped
Jackie's hyper - she already has a
picture plan of how me and her have to
take it yes
call me on instagram you'll see it yeah
I already have it planned like every
caption and I'm really excited you guys
I haven't gone to Vegas yes
yeah I look nice but yeah so I haven't
gotten like and they go every year so
they know like everything about it but
I've never been it's like they just know
that mean you're gonna stay in the hotel
room the whole time because our thoughts
oh I'll probably catch Brian oh I'll
probably catch Brian at the pool babe um
why do you have a hug the camera no and
I'm gonna catch my first year looking at
your butt at the pool that's a fresh
shirt I told my girlfriend she's not a
lot to wear bikini or even a one-piece
she has to wear jeans and just fold the
comfortable wear yeah guys canceled
plans canceled plans no more Vegas we're
gonna end the vlog right now so I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog
all right you Razin Razin person
you know I'm certain that is everybody's
business end up vlog thanks for watching
babe
okay guys bye
you can't even say Pablo yes a flaw I
say bonds just a blog just a blog but
its audacity okay fine hold on
one last SEMA fight on the vlog guys
look out your accents all that what's
that disease called or everyone like
you're scared of being too close to
people it's not closer to phobic it's
claustrophobic okay guys we're ending
the vlog right now guys get yourself a
girlfriend who randomly text you stuff
like this
