don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you had a twin I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bruh wadis I honestly
don't know why I'm like laughing or
happy because Oh first of all look at
the damn straight I'm going back at it
again with the blue shirt today's video
I'm gonna be telling you guys about my
dream that's honestly so like you know
those dreams where you just wake up and
you're like like it's not scary it's not
funny - not cool you're just like what
the fuck did I just dream like so I
don't usually remember my jeans like
when I do remember them I quickly take
my phone out and put them in my notes
like I type it out because I tend to
forget them really fast or I just don't
remember any of my dreams or I just
don't dream I don't know last night just
just listen to this so I have kind of a
reputation 9 my dream in real life I'm a
I'm a bit of a crazy boyfriend you know
if you guys watch my vlogs or if you
know me I'm a little on the crazy side
like don't do that they don't do that
but so and everyone know that I dude
you're crazy all this stuff okay so
here's my dream I don't know if any of
you guys have been to a lounge like a
hookah lounge or just like a club not
not like a club but like a 18 and older
club so like let's just use a hookah
launch for example you know how you
don't really remember your dreams so
vividly but this one I remember like
vivid like like like it happened in real
life okay guys I've already said like
like a million times so I didn't know
the top comment ocala me t√∏nsberg water
says like yes I know I said a bunch of
time so imagine me Jackie
Laurence Brian Jets and some of our
friends are all hookah lounge and we're
sitting in like a booth and then they're
there they play like loud music and it's
dark with like flashing lights and so in
my dream yeah we're in the booth and
then there's a booth next to us and
there's a bunch of guys over there and
so like me and Jackie are sitting next
to each other but I'm kind of on my
phone and the song is playing like
really loud and
like so Jackie's like dancing you know
everyone's dancing and there's a guy in
the booth next to us who's like this -
Jackie like dancing like not with her
but like looking at her and like trying
to get her attention and and like she
looks at him and they're like not
dancing with each other but he's like
pointing at her and singing to her and
so I get fucking pissed like like I'm
not sure what the song is but say oh let
me take you deaf like fucking some shit
like that like oh let me take you out
take you back home some shit like that
and he's looking at her and singing and
like dancing and I get I get you know me
guys it's like if Abaddon oh my god you
don't even want to know so that happens
in my dream and uh you know how like in
I've never seen this guy in my life but
they say that in your dreams you only
dream about people you've seen whether
it's when you're one day old just born
from your mom or whether you've seen
this person yesterday like I've read
I've heard that you cannot paint a
picture of someone in your dream unless
you've seen that person somewhere
somehow someway in your life but this
guy is like so I've never seen him
before so like I'm super pissed like at
Jackie I'm super pissed at him cuz she
was like kind of like going along with
it and so I end up at my house like you
know how am your dreams you end up from
one place to one place randomly so
that's what's happened so far we're at
the hookah lounge that whole thing
happened and I end up at my house and
it's like three or four in the morning
really late it's all dark and there's
this guy in my room who I guess in my
dream was my friend but I had never seen
him before in my life
this guy he was African American he was
wearing a black shirt and he was like
like very quiet he didn't say a word but
he knew what had happened somehow I
guess I don't know if I told him because
I didn't speak a word to him he didn't
speak a word to me but but in my dream I
just knew that he knew what happened at
the hookah lounge like what the guy and
Jackie and and so like like in my dream
he was my friend but honestly I was like
scared of him I've never seen this guy
in my life in real life or in any of my
dreams I don't know who this guy was he
was like probably my age a little
shorter didn't say a word was dark in my
room no lights on no TV
and so the dude who did that shit to
Jackie you know sang to her desk with
her fucking pretty much told her I'm
gonna take you home and take you out
walks into my room like in the middle of
the night when I'm with that guy and and
I fucking like okay this is where I may
seem a little crazy but I'm just telling
you guys the dream how it was so I see
that guy and I'm just so pissed like
like it's let alone he did that out the
who comes but now he's in my room I walk
downstairs and I see this vividly my
dream I suppose a scary movie you know
how one you like go you know when you're
watching this game moves in this game
movie they you see like the arm like
this opens the drawer grabs the knife
falls slowly like they find the right
one like this I swear to you in my dream
like I'm fucking like I go downstairs I
opened the drawer like that take a knife
out and I come back upstairs and like
without saying a word without saying a
single word I'm about to kill like
murder the fucking guy I'm about to
murder the guy who's like dance with
Jackie I would do that in real life too
but let's just say this is my dream I'm
about to kill him like I pulled a knife
out and then my friend my friend whoever
the hell that was it was it was creepy
honestly I was not my friend in real
life he told me to like stop and he
pulled a blade out of his own he pulled
a blade out and it was Shiu sharp
brainwave fucking bigger than the knife
I had he gave that to me and I'm just
gonna say it I fucking I killed the guy
like I slit his throat and like and like
I saw it so vividly my dream his his
throat slit he was standing right here
right here okay and he made like a sound
like a like you know like he's throw
just got slit and then he like he got on
my bed like like a fucking dying and
there was blood literally pouring
everywhere I saw this totally my dream
and I remember it you want to know the
scary part this actually scares me like
on the inside I'm I'll if you're into
dreams or what they mean in real life
but
my dream I felt no remorse like I didn't
feel bad at all like like I killed him
watched him like bleed out to death from
his throat on my own bed and I felt no
so I was like yeah like in my head I get
that like you want to fucking dance talk
to Jackie like that like in front of me
like that's what I was thinking in my
head and like so I'm watching him bleed
out and I'm telling you guys that that
guy who was my friend the black t-shirt
didn't say a word the whole dream he was
like just there I'm not sure what that
means or how I knew him or how he knew
what happened or why he had a knife so
guys here's like the even scarier part
so the guy's like bleeding out on my bed
he's like he's dead by now he's not
making the sound he was only making the
sound when he sit up then he gone on my
bed and he's like facedown and fucking
blood everywhere and I'm just standing
up and you know usually I'd be freaking
out like I was fucking just like
whatever and then here's the like
scariest part the guy's dad or brother
I'm not sure who it was to him but the
guy who's dead his dad or brother one of
them walk in the room and I just walked
out cuz I was like oh like like you
would imagine I'd be freaking out or
something you would imagine I feel bad
he would imagine I'd be freaking out you
would imagine I like like felt some sort
of way that I just killed someone he's
bleeding on my own bed
and his dad or older brothers some one
of his older age that was related to him
came inside the room and you know what I
did in my dream I just walked out and I
was like yeah that can't be good like
they're about to see him dead and I
don't know what happened after that
because the kid was dead and one of his
family members saw him but my dream
ended there and like what what kind of
fucking like who dreams that I woke up
and I was just like I'm telling you I
wasn't like scared I wasn't happy I was
just like what like I've dreamt about
people I know before I've talked about
people I've seen I've dreamt about Devin
Booker Eric Bledsoe but like I've dreamt
about Jackie but these are people like
I've never seen before I had no idea who
they were and just a scenario like
hookah lounge and this guy's like trying
to get Jack his attention to like like
pretty much take her home like try to
get at her and I come home and this guy
who's apparently my friend already knows
the situation has a knife gives it to me
I killed this guy literally like I see
it perfectly in my head I slay his
throat blood everywhere he lies down on
my bed he dies on my bed I feel no
sympathy at all and then I see one of
his family members someone who cared for
him like in his dream in my dream and
they were older than him and literally
like I gave no fucks I just walked out
guys like I understand I'm a crazy
boyfriend but fuck like I felt no
sympathy I felt no nothing for this guy
and like honestly like that's pretty
accurate if someone did try to get at
Jackie but no guys I just wanted to
share that dream with you like I'm
vlogging I have a vlog up tomorrow like
but I just had to share this story with
you because not only do I not ever
remember my dreams I don't even think I
dream on a nightly basis I used to dream
much more but nowadays I don't really
dream I'm not sure why but not only did
I remember this dream but I remember his
soul like clear and vividly and it was
just so weird like and I texted Jackie I
was like babe fuck you like like what
but no but really this was really really
weird and the craziest part was just
that like I had no emotion like that's
how pissed I was like like you can you
could have crazy boyfriend I'm on the
edge of psycho like I'm need to be
locked up but anyways I had to share
that story with you guys bro wat squad
it was actually insane like I just don't
know like I'm trying to watch this
fucking playoff game and I'm just
thinking like like I'm never gonna go to
a hookah lodge ever again like I'm never
gonna talk to Jackie ever again I'm like
what is going on but anyways I hope you
guys did enjoy like I said new vlog up
tomorrow
on a sidenote Paul George completely
dominated Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan
I picked the Raptors to win that series
but honestly they better stop choking
this is know didn't i'ma stop right
there I'm gonna stop right there but uh
yeah anyways guys I hope you guys did
enjoy let me know let me know what the
hell you guys think about all this in
the comment section below and I don't
know I'll see you guys again tomorrow
