wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta sit
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here AKA bruh wat is back again
with another NBA playoff predictions
ideo this video I'm doing the Eastern
Conference my last video was the West
that was pretty easy to predict well I'm
speaking uh for myself because who knows
I could be wrong about all that but now
comes the east ok the East is like I
said the West is uh usually the more
entertaining the more uh like oh who's
gonna win this one with that this year
it's the east the depth and the east was
crazy uh all the matchups should be I
don't see any sweeps going on in the
east ok so let me pick my winner is
really quick before I go into details
I'm going Cavs Raptors hogs and let me
give you my surprise really quick the
Charlotte Hornets let me start off with
the cavs and Detroit Pistons obviously
Cleveland LeBron James Kyrie Irving
Kevin Love let me just say this the
Detroit Pistons are no joke okay the
Detroit Pistons have a squad they have
players who can actually play ball let
me say this I'm picking the Cavs in six
games I think LeBron goes into Detroit
and closes it out at the palace in Game
six just like it's good old days but if
like Kyrie needs to step up Kyrie they
need 2014-15 Kyrie they don't need 2016
Kyrie it's he's been inconsistent just
he has not been Kyrie Irving he's it
Kevin Love
they need Kevin they need a good Kevin
Love let me just say this another thing
it's andre drummond shot closer to
eighty percent rather than eight percent
from the free-throw line i might be this
goes to picking the Pistons but Andre
Drummond struggles I'm not saying
free-throws change the whole game but
you cannot leave them in in the fourth
quarter oh they're just gonna hack him
free throw shooting is terrible I do
think Detroit squeaks out two wins in
this series but I don't think they could
take Cleveland i'm picking cleveland in
six this is LeBron James let's not
forget you've heard all this Steph Curry
all year you know Kevin Durant Anthony
Davis Kobe 60-point game but let's not
forget there's a guy named LeBron James
who still plays in this league and it's
still one of the best players in the NBA
in my head he's still the second best
player in the NBA anyways I digress
toronto raptors vs indiana pacers man
this one every time you think the
Raptors are ready to you know okay Lowry
Prime DeRozan stepping up every time you
think the Raptors gotta squat I don't
want to say they have a history of
choking in the playoffs because there's
not much history recently about that but
last year was bad for them in the
playoffs but this year they just got too
much talent they've been like I think
they're choked history stops this year
lowry and derozan one of the best
backwards in the league if not the
second best um I mean they're the what
just named Norman Powell fucking stick
around rookies coming out of nowhere
he's a contributor on that team i'm
picking Raptors in i'm gonna go raptors
and seven i think they could close it
out in six I'm gonna go Raptors in seven
but um i guess i don't think the
patients are gonna beat them but the
patients could put up a fight I don't
know the Raptors are too strong this
year they were they were right behind
right on the Cleveland Cavaliers asked
for that first seed in the East but
anyways yeah I'm going raptures they got
a pretty good squad especially with
Carol coming back they could really use
him he's a playoff type of player he's
like a PJ Tucker but obviously way more
offensive game ok let's go uh Boston
Celtics in Atlanta Hawks ah
I said the Hawks right Boston I don't
know guys because the Hogs have some
looming free agents big name is
specifically al horford they've been up
and down this year they've been bouncing
from third to sixth the fifth to fourth
I picked can I change my mind no I'm not
gonna change my mind Boston is actually
Boston with Evan Turner coming off the
bench Isaiah Tom no I'm gonna go Boston
still really young Atlanta has that
experience going to the eastern
conference finals last year I'm going
fuck this series is too hard to predict
why you gotta put bro wottus on the spot
like that um shit all right I'm going
Hawks in seven and that's only because
they have home court that's it that's
the only reason home court advantage I
think man I'm so I love Isaiah Thomas I
want to pick Boston so bad but I'm going
Hawks in seven I think the Hawks just
had that experience but Brad Stevens
that head coach if anyone can bring out
the best in younger players it's Brad
Stevens so I don't know guys I'm know
I'm gonna go hawks in seven now this
series this is probably gonna get a lot
of hate and I don't want to sound overly
confident in this pig but come on
there's gonna be one upset this is the
NBA this is the playoffs the Charlotte
Hornets will upset the stacked Miami
Heat you got a song Whiteside Dwyane
Wade Goren drunk is jailed mean Amar'e
Stoudemire Joe Johnson impressive rookie
Josh Richardson justice Winslow top 10
pick their stat they're built for the
playoffs Wade champion draw each veteran
player Hassan Whiteside could be
defensive player of the year Joe Johnson
vet I mean Amar'e Stoudemire he's been
to Western Conference Finals two times
the Miami he should be favorite in this
series and I I mean I wouldn't be
surprised if they won if I had to bet
money i'll probably bet on the heat but
I'm going Charlotte Hornets Campbell
guys coming off the bench Jeremy Lin who
does he think he is this dude is
impressing me he's had some games where
he's New York Knick Linsanity Kemba
Walker has improved
game he's no longer a fucking just a
volume chucking up shots I mean you just
check up a bunch of shots but he makes
them that's beyond the point Frank
Kaminsky pretty good rookie al
Jefferson's back nicolas Batum Nikola
Batum whatever you wanna fuckin call him
he's they gotta find a way to keep him
in free agency I'm going Hornets in I'm
going Hornets and six I don't see them
going into Miami in a game seven and
beating miami in their home I'm going
Hornets in six and I'm like it hurts me
to pick this but uh with so many former
Phoenix Suns guys even Luol Deng will
the former Phoenix and he got drafted by
the sun's traded on draft it so there's
my pics let me repeat them one more time
Cavs six raptures in seven uh atlanta
hawks and seven and then the Charlotte
Hornets and six again like I want to
pick raptors and six but imma just go
seven I think they could close it out in
six but will give the Pacers three games
in that series and those are my picks
for the Eastern Conference side and
let's see how I do in this bracket in my
head good after asleep and some
rethinking I changed my mind about
raptors and seven on one raptors and six
because unlike previous years where
they've choked in the playoffs this year
they actually have the defense to go
along with their offense usually their
offense is strong in their defenses kind
of shaky this year they have the
offensive firepower if not better than
previous years and they also have the
defense then I think they just match up
well with India and honestly I will
graduate in six and the NBA playoffs
start in 10 minutes for the sixth year
in a row no Phoenix Suns everyone take a
shot to that no Phoenix Suns name a
playoff for six years the last time the
sounds on the playoffs I was 14 years
old I turned 21 in two months just think
about that almost seven years so anyways
I can't wait for the NBA playoffs i'm
bouta watching right now babe how
excited one through ten
hey 11 ok guys so
