don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you had a twin I would still
choose you what is going all you guys
Brandon here aka Broadus and today I
know this video probably belongs on my
MBA channel but this is such a you know
such a hot thing going on right now NBA
Playoffs start tomorrow in case you
didn't know tomorrow morning early
morning and today I'm going to bring you
guys my predictions for the Western
Conference first round in this video and
then a video going up later is going to
be my predictions for the Eastern
Conference first round and the reason I
did the West first is because
surprisingly in case you guys didn't
know the East first term is gonna be
much much more interesting which is
weird because if you've been falling for
the NBA for a while the West is usually
dominant the West usually has much more
interesting matchups and this year yeah
sure this the West is you is probably
gonna have the NBA champion whether it
be the Warriors or the Spurs but in the
East the depth it's gonna be crazy the
first time gonna be crazy in the east
I'm a star out east you want to know my
winners from the I mean I'm gonna start
west not East you want to know my
winners in the West Warriors Spurs
thunder Clippers boo how boring Baba I
just don't
Oh hold on what was that I heard oh you
guys want to hear in detail you want to
hear how many games I think it's gonna
go you want to hear some specifics okay
well now that you have my winners let me
give you specifics warriors in for I
mean do I have to explain myself
statistically opinions could be
different but statistically they are the
greatest team in NBA history
73 and 9 there's no denying that that's
why I say regular-season because now is
the playoffs so you could debate that
you could debate how they're on the
playoffs in my head I don't see Houston
winning a game warriors sweep the
they're the dominant team there's a
Western Conference Finals rematch but
one team went up while the other team
went and took the last day of the whole
season before making it to the playoffs
warriors in for sweep next series Spurs
and Grizzlies Spurs in for Spurs sweep
did you got you guys Memphis no my call
me
Oh Marcus aww imagine how great this
would have been a serious Spurs and
Grizzlies with a fully healthy Memphis
squad in the first round this Memphis
team you got to give some credit to Dave
Yeager coach their head coach he's
battled through injuries all do you want
to know who's starting for them Jordan
Farmar yes not only isn't that he's an
NBA he's in the starting lineup for a
playoff team Jordan Farmar Matt Barnes
Chris Henderson Birdman Zach Randolph I
mean they're no they're not if they win
a game good for them there's no way
they're taking the Spurs in the first
round Memphis a lot of potential on that
team but injuries killed them and when I
say killed I mean kill them so uh yeah
Spurs him for next series Thunder burst
Mavericks three six match up you gotta
feel bad for the Thunder because any
other year you'd be talking about them
going to the finals oh they could be a
championship contender they play great
it just so happens that for them they
got stuck in a year where the Spurs and
warriors have been fuckin dominate so uh
but I digress thunder Babs
I think the Mavericks take one game I
say thunder five they win for one the
reason I picked the maps two in one game
rather than getting swept if they win
two games I want to be surprised but I
think they only would want for one
Thunder all year have been I'm gonna
just say trash in the fourth quarter
they've given up double-digit leads
they've been up with two or three
minutes and given the games away and
then you have on the other side Dallas
who has Dirk also their head coach Rick
Carlisle is amazing one of the best head
coaches in the league so I think
playoffs they're they're mentally ready
I don't think they gonna take the
Thunder in a series I don't think it'll
go to seven I don't think it goes to six
but I think they win one game in front
of their home crowd in Dallas so Thunder
for one now this series this series is
where I think it's like I said I picked
warrior Spurs under clippers no upsets
right if there's gonna be an upset in
the first round if there's going to be a
upset the Los Angeles Clippers will fall
to the Portland Trail Blazers do I see
it happening will I bet money on it no
but but just know that I'm this close to
picking the Portland
blazars to beat the Clippers but I just
can't do it I can't do it but man
Clippers in seven I'm saying this series
goes seven games you know that history
the Clippers have of choking in the
playoffs you know that history if you
watch basketball the past three four
years the Clippers have done some pretty
bad things in the NBA Playoffs and I
don't mean bad good I mean bad bad but I
still see this going seven I see the
Blazer scaring the Clippers and like I
said if one team he's gonna get upset in
the West it's gonna be Los Angeles but I
just I don't think the Blazers they have
the heartblaze just have the heart they
have the individual Damian Lillard who
could carry a team but I just don't
think as a team especially with Blake
Griffin coming back DeAndre Jordan Paul
Pierce Chris Paul JJ Redick it's and
also the addition of Jeff Green it's
just like too much overall talent on the
Clippers but but but robotics right here
is so close to picking Portland but I
just can't do it I'm going Clippers and
seven this should be the funnest series
to watch in the Western Conference like
I said usually the West
everyone is glued to the TV watching the
Western Conference playoffs this year is
different in the East all the matchups
look close even the 1/8 calves and
pistons I'll get more into that in my
next video but the West first time is
gonna be kind of boring second round and
Conference Finals that's a different
story
you guys want to fucking tune into that
but Western Conference first round
predictable unless you go the Blazers
around I don't know I'm picking clippers
and seven but if the Blazer is way and
I'm gonna be so sad I didn't predict
them but those are my picks for the
Western Conference final vote I mean the
Western Conference guys I talk too
fucking fast I'll go over them one last
time
warriors sweep Spurs sweep Memphis is
killed with injuries I mean I would love
to see a healthy Memphis where San
Antonio but we're not gonna see that
Jordan Farmar starting point
I can't Birdman is starting I can't do
this um Thunder and five against Dallas
and then Clippers and seven those are my
picks for the Western Conference comment
your peeps below
next video going up in a few hours is
gonna be my predictions for the East
which is gonna be much much tougher to
predict guys one last thing before I end
this Western Commerce dinner I forgot to
mention I gave credit to Damian Lillard
I said the Blazers had a nice squad
Terry Stotts fucking that coach head
coach for the Blazers he's he's earned
my respect I know he doesn't even know
who the hell I am I'm probably a piece
of dirt on his shoe he doesn't even know
me but Terry Stotts
he's done an amazing job with a team
that a bunch of nobodies okay yeah ed
Davis al-farouq Aminu CJ McCollum came
out of nowhere he's not a nobody but
just like a bunch of players Meyers
Leonard and he's done an amazing job
bringing out the best in all those
players so hats off to Terry Stotts I
respect him as a head coach
