way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see though if you let it swing I would
still choose you cuz we're talkin bout
saying hi to girls so let's say a hot
girl walks by and you're not with my mom
how do you say hi I don't say hi but
that's how I do it
she was shit uh-huh how would you say hi
to a guy if he walked by and he looked
at you dad when I wasn't here can I give
a shout-out go to our cousin in
Australia Stephen the ponytail Stephen
we love you Stephen from Australia yeah
Stephen Herman's or in the beginning one
okay okay Ron don't do anything next one
oh my god that looks real I swear dad
hello my mom dude you know where you
have to go through all of me no no that
Gilbert oh my god I just scared
oh my mom horn that looks real I salute
ya like real
when you guys back wait wait do this
today guys I have school tomorrow early
morning
I'm literally make me a hot pocket 237
in the fucking morning why babe if you
make the duck lips one more time 2:40
a.m. I just cooked me up a nice meal by
cooked I mean I took that shit from
right here and put into microwave guys
look I melted it through the plastic and
look it dripped all over it literally
looks like what just came out of me
guys get yourself a boyfriend who can
cook I just dropped a juicy piece of
chicken yeah I'm surprised buzzy hasn't
that ass hasn't ran down here smelled
the chicken
five it's The Exorcist a demon babe
I'm locking my jack-in-the-box trip what
are you reading
guys it's almost 6:00 a.m. and I'm
Jackee handsome tonight because I have
class in the morning and I'm going I'm
dropping her off and going to
jack-in-the-box I guess I'm starving
on this sleeve they are li Yan song
about to go I have school tomorrow I
just let you guys know we haven't left
like you have it's like we were just
talking about when we get married time
it's my time to run she's talking about
marriage
yeah and there was baby talk included -
hmm God oh yeah we haven't slept all
whatever like all day all night all
morning whatever you want to come guys I
have really really vivid dreams like
really really vivid so I literally wake
up with like like heart attacks or
something's like crying so I barely
slept for the past like two or three
days yeah guys so yeah yeah guys so I
have a book yeah why don't look at this
secret six I know it's like 6:00 in the
morning
wave it you really don't want
jack-in-the-box a good healthy treat
yeah I honestly don't know what I'm
doing but I got class in a couple hours
I'm gonna eat a good jack-in-the-box
meal and go to sleep I'm just gonna be
some fucking jacking the crack I don't
know what the hell where are you jack
Jack I'm row hey there's a lie down
motherfucking Jack and hope jack in the
box
I'm Rose I'm looking for Jack where are
you jack oh shit secure card guys it's
2-4 6 a.m. we gotta turn it up Richmond
away real spacy
oh my god I love this our guys okay let
me tell you exactly what time it is
it's motherfucking 6:05 in the morning
okay let me tell you I'm about to do I'm
about to go eat my jack in the ass crack
and then I'm about to edit a little bit
and then I'm gonna go to sleep I have to
edit my video the Kobe tribute guys that
was fucking amazing if you haven't seen
that video go look at my bad game
describes Kobe's career perfectly that
game defined who Kobe was other person
not sitting a single second and say I've
just watched that video if you haven't
seen it but uh yeah I'm gonna sleep in
that guy's up go to class early like at
10:00 in the morning so uh pray for me
please pray for bruh water is hashtag
6:10 in the morning and I'm still in
shock
guys it's 7:30 7:00 in the morning and
I'm finally going to sleep right now
fucking good night 1:42 p.m. finish
class just got back from chick-fil-a I
love chick-fil-a okay
fries but I'm about to go to the gym
after I eat with Jackie I don't know if
I'm gonna work out or if I'm gonna play
basketball
no one's gonna be actually running
pick-up games but I'm in kinda in the
mood just to shoot around so inspired
after watching that Kobe performance but
uh yeah so I'm the staff I should work
out my shoulders and abs or if I should
just shoot around I'm not sure yeah I
might make it a lazy day and just shoot
around I had mentioned I was gonna go to
the gym about an hour ago
yeah about an hour ago but someone has
taken my ball someone's sitting right
here to the road a squad but let me go
you didn't steal my ball I actually left
it at the gym the other day I'm an idiot
I forgot my ball dick I left my ball
there and all these safety he took it
home with him so I just got it back
you're not scared anymore huh no fears
of life no they started lifting Bosley's
nothing to him so yeah all the it's
actually up to you all the timing should
I go to the gym or no um I think since
you're just getting over getting sick
you should just go for a little bit so
just shoot around no way around yeah no
lifting what would Jordan say what would
Jordan say oh it Jordan say go eat some
celery and tellingly
Oh big fan big fan big fan
well announcement did you just make
three thousand subs away till two
minutes uh Brian go back in your room
good boy
good good boy see you babe he's not
being bad today that's how you're
supposed to add don't Wow
yeah mom say shout out shout out if you
watch my videos you know what Ollie says
shit out shout out Julie no Wow Wow she
doesn't know the same what we know how
to do shout out to the pound with Dylan
rock and phone calls and then who won
dad do the code dad do this dad do the
kobe face okay oh let's do the grave yay
literally you had one thing different
hurry day eight ten tacos and he split
the harbor non grape that's how I don't
know it was that's not love I don't know
I love it oh is that possum gonna shout
out to the rug of phase the rug afraid
he's about to hit two mil that's what a
second
yeah yeah cuz YouTube lag oh my god
we just ordered pizza dad do you want
pizza now I'm waiting for the tool to
you know we're eating now we don't want
to wait for 2 minutes to mill we'll have
dessert now we have oh shit
pepperoni ham pineapple boy why is oli
having family pictures with my mom and
dad with the shoutout congrats to run
inc
congratulations about 2 million subs hey
come a long way young man EQ I
appreciate it man
we're so fake if this was all came out
to slap his ass you want the full body
you know what I did I'll stop her body
on congrats on to milk it adds Gatorade
on let's do maybe like I guess you do
full body a funny behind the scenes of
an Instagram picture anyway yeah all of
them
Brian Congrats yeah congrats Renan two
chicken sandwiches with cheese large dr.
pepper no ice five large
two tacos jack-in-the-box mate stop some
know when like this right
oh there you go
uh-oh the moment of truth pawsley
Oh Olly release these balls you like a
great white shark Oh Holly now pet him
going for the pet you like did what oh
this is when he bite Oh y-yeah do it
again do it again
I don't know how am I supposed to get my
head like this
drivers drivers heavy yeah yeah Ollie
ollie is dying to see Jackie's mom babe
what didn't he says she might have a
great heart he said is he said
Jacqueline oh yeah he said is she single
no this is my mom
dad what do you think of her mom oh my
god dad what do you think Kara ollie ha
ha her mom dad educated sir is you so
young people always like whenever we go
because she super shop already
oh yeah okay go too late maybe I was
that lamb in all chases I do want to
congratulate my brother on hitting 2
million subscribers thanks okay just
know the phone real quick
ah thanks hey boo mil not one not two
not three now four now five just joking
- milk yeah guys that's actually a huge
milestone that I don't even think my
brother thought he would ever come plus
two mil that's crazy I'm thinking
everybody on behalf of him everyone
watch these videos all his subscribers
I'm thanking them on behalf of him and
I'm sure he's thank you guys all but I'm
still doing myself because that's
actually amazing two million subscribers
for the dude who literally lives 20 feet
away from me in the same exact house
it's actually amazing and crazy and I'm
super proud of my little brother two mil
just you should get a Jersey on the back
that says two mil my mom just said
Britain is very happy about - milk guys
that's where I'm happier than
Brian a true fan of Roe I'm a true
rugrat Bosley do you see Brian it to a
million subs to Mill I don't know about
that
hey Bosley yeah guys when my brother hit
one mil literally six months ago I was
like okay maybe next year or like two
years you'll hit two mil six months
later I'm I'm congratulating him in a
video about two mil that's like how did
it even happen that fast I don't even
know but that's what happens when you
put in work hey what are you doing
Bosley Hey something that that's what
happens when you put in work you upload
daily fucking grind that's what happens
brother that's what happens fellow
Morris twin okay guys Friday morning I
just woke up eight in the morning I'm
bout to finish editing this video and
then I'm going to take my girlfriend out
to breakfast and then we're gonna go to
the gym she's gonna work out and I'm
gonna play basketball with Ollie after I
play lunchtime basketball with all these
shout out to the brightest squad I'm a
lifts with Jordan so today's gonna be a
busy gym day again like I woke up and
it's still surreal that dude right there
has two million subs but if anyone in
this household deserves it it's Brian so
congratulations again to road to Mill
we're not stopping there I could see him
hitting I don't even want to say a
number because the sky's the limit so
just keep working hard rugrat and we'll
see where that takes you I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog to end it guides me
editing this vlog really put a smile on
my face because it saw like it showed me
how much my family gets along with not
only my girlfriend but one of my best
friends oli so family is important guys
if you have a girl and your family
doesn't like it that's not a good time
if you have best friends and your family
doesn't like them that's not a good sign
so editing these vlogs put a smile on my
face guys what the fuck am I doing
talking with space-alien effect
but anyways yeah hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog guys I'm almost gonna hit 500k
subs and that's not to mil but in my
heart that means just as much and it's
just as amazing so thank you guys on I
love
