let me explain the situation real quick
so uh morning of April 13th two huge
huge huge NBA games tonight the Phoenix
Suns but I'm just joking oh the Suns
tonight no the Warriors are looking to
make history which they will they're
playing at home I'm assuming they're
gonna blow out Memphis so much hot for
this game second thing Kobe Bryant is
playing in his final game and just let
me just explain this because people are
gonna say oh you're a bandwagon you
hated the Lakers oh now you're a Lakers
fan no honestly I hate the Lakers I've
said it multiple times I'm pretty sure
I've even said I hate Kobe but let me
tell you there's a difference between
hating on somebody and hating on
somebody's game you can't deny greatness
Kobe is a great Kobe is a legend Kobe is
a hall-of-famer and we will never ever
see anybody like Kobe I'm 20 years old
Kobe has played in the NBA for 20 years
I've literally watched him growing up
yes I'm gonna watch that the Warriors
game is on and the Suns game is on but
guess which game I'm gonna be watching
I'm gonna be watching Kobe's last game
you could hey somebody as a person you
can hey somebody as a player but when
you get into you you give credit where
credit is due
Kobe Bryant arguably a top-five player
to ever touch a basketball his work
ethic is fuckin nuts
I've watched him kill the Suns multiple
times and as much as I'd hate him he's
hit a buzzer beater on the Sun in the
playoffs he's dropped 50 on the sun's
before as much as at that moment I was
like Kobe fuck you I hate you I just
watch and I'm like how the hell did
somebody just do this on the basketball
court I'm a basketball player so I know
and Kobe is not just his skill his work
ethic is crazy and let me say this again
you will never ever ever see anybody
like Kobe at I hate the Lakers I have
one team that's the Phoenix
but you respect a legend honestly I
might even cry this is going to be
surreal I don't know what its gonna be
like for Kobe playing in his last game
ever I'm excited to watch and uh Lakers
listen get past the fucking ball to Kobe
every single play every play I walk over
to take 40 shots past Kobe the ball
every single play he should be the only
man touching the ball tonight okay but
honestly if you like you could hang on
Kobe has a person but if you start
saying yeah he sucks then you're fucking
crazy Kobe Bryant honestly I hope he
makes history tonight I hope he drops
40-plus uh this is like you cannot deny
greatness Kobe Bryant is legendary it's
his work ethic is what listen all the
people who just started watching
basketball and you hear Steph Curry dish
Steph Curry dad let me just say one
thing
Steph Curry is great but Steph Curry in
his prime at his best best years won't
ever touch Kobe in his prime and
honestly I love LeBron but if we're
talking prime and prime Kobe Bryant it's
just his passion he has for the game the
willpower that he did like he just puts
everything on the line guys so like like
I said like I'm gonna be I'm actually
going to be emotional watching this game
and uh I don't know we're gonna be
watching greatness for one last time the
NBA is a dying breed every single year
you hear coming out of the dress oh this
guy could be the next Kobe oh this guy
let me take from the number one pick
he's supposed to be the next Kobe let me
say this again for the third time Kobe
Bryant Kobe bean Bryant there will never
ever ever be another Kobe Bryant that's
it Kobe bean Bryant is shedding tears
tonight whether it's after
whether it's after the game whether it's
during his introduction whether xxi
touches the ball Kobe's gonna cry
tonight the moment of truth dad what's
going through your head as Kobe is
playing his final game tonight actually
two hours flying in the am i seeing on
TV today and the past two days emotional
huh every time I see em I just kind of
like you know you will tell them people
now they see you as a warriors fan but
tell them the the true Ron I mean I'm a
Laker fan since I come to this country I
ride away I joined the lake he took us
Staples Center he loved Chad Kobe but
now let's when Kobe Bryant scores his
first point tonight what's gonna be
going through your body your head what's
it gonna feel like I'll be really sad if
I seem to score a lot of points today
yeah well now the fans want to know how
many points is Colby scoring tonight um
I'll say thirty thirty yes okay and uh
one last question what are you and bars
are going to be doing during the game
like that's very emotional well I'm
involved with sitting father sit over
here I'm sitting over here and probably
I'm going to be crying the whole game
crying and the Jersey okay so they're my
dad's start and I'm sure that's how a
bunch of Laker fans are I just want to
say if this is what people are doing for
Kobe's retirement got imagine one Eric
Bledsoe retires if this is what Kobe's
the attention Kobe's getting god knows
what it's gonna happen to phoenix from
blood so retires you ready
oh and now now now really quick this is
a question it's debatable who is the
better player Kobe or LeBron all right
dad Kobe LeBron snitch going wrong okay
and oh and let me ask you this do you
think it's fair for Kobe by his last
year in the league the Lakers put
together this they put this team around
Kobe for his last year don't you think
he should be fighting for a title they
should have done a better job while
they're trying to build up I don't think
I've ever seen my dad they said oh oh
and another thing why are you watching
this game over the Warriors who are
about to break history a moment of truth
that there's only one TV here in one
cable box which game are you watching
Lakers now for Mama's opinion Kobe's
last game tonight what is going through
your head guys listen I don't know if
you guys know this or not a lot of you
guys already know but my family's huge
Laker fans like yeah they love Kobe my
mom dad even Brian but my mom and dad
and all my uncles aunts relatives
everybody when we were younger they
would always go to Staples Center and
watch Kobe they would watch Kobe and
Shaq they love the Lakers and mom let's
say tonight Kobe's last game in Staples
Center are you gonna cry you're never
ever gonna see him wearing a Lakers okay
now how many points is Kobe scoring
tonight
27 my dad said 30 do I get anything
your cookie uh yeah yeah you get a cut
you got a one chocolate chip cookie if
it's right dad way over 30 points per
game over a four year span that's crazy
that's something you might never see
again Will Smith's got fatter that is
how well Smith Will Smith I she ruined
the Lakers franchise her and her brother
correct this honestly might be the worst
joke I've seen in like in years and
years and years Miami was up by almost
30 a half times Miami was up by 26 at
halftime they scored five points in the
third five points in the entire third
quarter 25 to 5 Boston ah man Kobe
Bryant Kobe just got introduced for the
it's so like crazy watching this I mean
I'll never be doing this for Kobe never
in my life have I never in my life will
I but you just gotta like acknowledge
greatness like this is the last time
he's gonna be walking through the Lakers
tunnel the last time his name is being
called in front of all these fans
oh no this game is gonna be crazy I hope
he drops 40-plus I swear maybe even 50
who knows guys you know what I was
lowkey hoping for I was hoping for Kobe
to come out in his number 8 jersey holy
shit that the crowd would the Staples
the roof of the staple said it would
blow off if Kobe Bryant came off and
took off his warmup and he was wearing
number eight oh my god um guys no you
know what you know what they should have
done the DeAngelo Russell Ryan Kelly
fucking Julius Randle Larry Nance Jordan
Clarkson they all should have taken the
day off you know what you know who
should have played tonight Derek Fisher
Kobe Bryant Lamar Odom I don't know if
you can fucking play Pau Gasol Andrew
Bynum fucking Sasha booyah chips they
should have they should have just all
played tonight I swear for the Lakers
that would have been crazy got some at
halftime Kobe has 22 points out of 42
Laker points he has more than half the
team's points he's taken 20
shots but who fucking cares it's his
last game he should take 80 Shaw's
honestly he should be the only Laker
touching the ball he should be the only
Laker taking any shots he should be the
only Laker fuckin doing anything so I'm
actually happy to see that he's taking
20 shots I wish you took 25 but uh I
tweeted before the game I said I
honestly hope Kobe drops 40-plus points
here's the tweet
he's at 22 so and yes I'm flipping back
and forth between the Warriors and Laker
game but this is a little more exciting
because you already knew the Warriors
we're gonna win I mean at least I did so
they're about to break the record
Congrats to Golden State
hats off me being 20 years old I just
got to witness watching the greatest
team in regular season NBA history so at
least I could tell my kids something cuz
I doubt that record is ever going to be
broken 73 and 9 I could be wrong but I
just don't ever see that record being
broken but let's see if Kobe can hit 40
honestly the Lakers are getting blown
out but can you just imagine what would
why did the snitch just shoot I just
said Kobe should be the only one taking
any shots but could you imagine if this
game is closed and Kobe hits a
game-winner or something holy shit the
arena would literally burst into flames
oh you know what I was imagining could
you imagine if Kobe came out in this
number eight jersey holy Sh that did
that would be insane like oh yeah so
this has been amazing to watch Kobe
literally taking over so far 22 points
Grizzlies game and the Warriors breaking
that single-season record is just like
that I'm speechless I don't know how the
hell they want 73 games in one year but
they did so hats off to them holy shit
Kobe ass 35 I this motherfuckers going
for 50 points where that's why are you
shooting it give it to Kobe the I swear
Kobe's gonna drop 50 I don't care if he
takes two million shots he has 35 points
I'm not even a Laker fan I'm not a Kobe
fan this is amazing to watch oh my god
did someone send me back in time because
I started watching Showtime Lakers that
alley-oop to fucking Larry Nance guys
Kobe has 43 points
I called it I called 40 but God knows
you going for 50 Kobe has 49 150 left
Cougars go for 50 ahh 51 fucking points
Vanessa and his kid mob 51 I'll I don't
get me 247 shots that types of motions
he's ever taken in his career I didn't
even think I said 40-plus there's no way
I thought 50 No
'we know Waco we just hit that thing 56
points are you kidding me
no way there's no fucking way you do
that I'm so hot I don't even know why I
don't even know why this is crazy guys
58 points for Kobe's taken 50 shots I
don't care if he took 300 shots I don't
care if he played all 48 minutes the
fact that he's dropped 58 points in his
last game is there's words can't explain
this I don't even know how I witnessed
this the whole game
oh oh oh give it to Kobe give it to me
he's gonna hit 60 he's gonna hit 60 with
these free throws I swear he's gonna hit
60 watch ha ha ha
check oh they had a foul to give they
better give this ball Jed the Jazz are
dickheads if they don't like Kobe get
this ball if they don't like Kobe get
this ball they are ok he did not he
didn't I did not just drop 60 some
motherfucker white girl face online
sweat blood tears there weren't really
any blood or tears but I just want to
say that because it's more dramatic and
calmly knocks down two free-throws with
14 seconds left
did you fucking drop 6-0 no one is
scored 60 in the NBA this year Wow guys
and in a while he was like sitting at
while he was at the free-throw line he
did the Kobe face you know the Kobe face
I'm gonna be seeing that my dreams
whether it's a nightmare or a good dream
I'm be seeing that face in my dream for
the next fucking two months I was not
ready for Kobe face tonight April 13
2016 I was not ready for the fucking
Kobe phase this is what if you love
sports
this is exactly what the fuck you live
for to see moments like this this was
crazy what did you think honestly it's
probably the best thing I've ever seen I
witness history right before my own
goodbye just wait till tomorrow when you
see me because I have a nice boat I'm in
no you're not wearing that shame coming
to my house no we only supported Coby
today if you show two of my house in the
Lakers round not opening the door today
April 13th 2016 was the only day we
could support Kohli that the big six Oh
60 points what you guys think and they
won that did you they should put the
Lakers in the fucking playoffs
Jay take Houston Spa just for this last
game guys I have school tomorrow early
morning
I'm literally make me a hot pocket 237
in the fucking morning why 610 in the
morning and I'm still in shock I don't
even know what the hell to say honestly
I don't know what I just watched
legendary but hey wait you gotta also
give some credit to the Warriors and
Steph Curry Steph Curry scored 46 and no
one has said one word about him honestly
though this is Kobe's night
golden say who no but really 73 and 9 is
fucking amazing Steph Curry 403 s and
one year he shattered the previous
record 400 threes in one year today was
the only day I ever show Kobe this one
support he deserved it like I said I'm
not a fan but you gotta give respect
where respect is due give credit where
credit is due and Kobe Legend guys let
me just say this really quick we will
never ever ever see whether to unload on
retires when Kevin Durant retires when
Steph Curry has on Anthony Davis when
Michael Jordan did retire we will never
ever ever see or have seen another
finale like what Kobe put on for us
tonight
never you actually fucking kidding me
are you
there's no way that we just witnessed
that guys hold on let me get on my
little I'm crying I'm crying there's
actually no way Kobe listen guys okay
hold on I don't even care that I'm
crying but
if those last two and a half hours three
hours don't define Kobe's career I don't
know what will the man at almost 38
years old
played fucking he didn't sit for one
second guys he scored 60 points if
anybody were to do this it would be coke
if it if someone came up to me and said
which NBA player at 37 years old he's
gonna play their last game and score 60
points I would have answered Kobe not
LeBron not Steph not Kevin Kobe Bryant
justify his Walker the sweat the face
the the fucking just that performance
like like if you ever if you never
watched Kobe for one single minute in
your whole life and you're like oh who's
Kobe Bryant watch that last game he's
been hurt this year he's old he's done
20 years in the league and he just
played for over 42 United that he will
to seem to the win they were down
doubled interesting the fourth this is
actually like I'm realizing right now we
are never ever ever gonna have another
Kobe Bryant from talent to scale to work
ethic the work ethic is what blows my
mind he he plays this game not with
skill he plays this game with his heart
again I'm not a Laker fan I'm a Suns fan
I'm not a Kobe fan I'm actually said
multiple times I hate the dude but when
you watch this you respect greatness
there will never be another Kobe I don't
know humming you want me to say it again
there will never ever ever be another
Kobe bean riot for all your young fans
like I said Oh SIPC reasons just like
that that's nice
Seth Curry is the best player in the NBA
today but when you start comparing it to
player like Kobe Bryant no I just do we
really just see that I'm so I'm gonna be
telling my kids about this that's
actually crazy okay like it gave me the
chills like guys Hall of Famer for sure
first ballot legend probably top five
player to ever touch a basketball to
ever step
on a court what he's done like I said
I'm 20 years old he's played for 20
years so I've witnessed a ton of things
that Kobe has done from his
championships to his MVP to its final
den VP so it's all-star games I'd say
this one last time before I end this
video never ever will myself or any of
you guys see another Kobe Bryant and
never ever will anybody in their final
game of retirement put on if I'm saying
if anybody were to do it would be Kobe
this does not surprise me at all
this was insane the game-winner from the
elbow will the go-ahead shot I don't
even know guys you admire what you want
this is exactly why I love the sport of
basketball this is exactly why I love
basketball nothing more nothing less
this was one of the greatest games
sports history like the words making the
record and then Kobe doing this this is
unforgettable in 30 years when I'm 50
years old and you asked me imma know
exactly where I was and what I was doing
Kobe's sixty point game I'm out guys
guys see that's something you probably
didn't know about me yes I'm a huge Sun
fan and I love the Suns but I'm a real
fan I'm not an idiot Devin Booker is not
the best rookie of all time Eric but so
is not the best point guard that's
obviously me being funny joking when I
say that I respect greatness just like I
respect LeBron just like I respect Seth
Curry has the greatest shooter of all
time just like I respect the Warriors as
the best regular-season team of all time
I respect Kobe Bryant I have one team I
hate every other team and I like 13
players who play for the Suns and I hate
well not bring the nice so 12 players
and I hate every other play in the
league I'm a Suns fan and I love the
Suns but I'm not an idiot on it comes to
sports I'm a real fan and I recognize
greatness and I give credit where credit
is due you respect the players who work
their ass off oh and one last symbol
that signifies Kobe's greatness
20 years with one team yes sir he
requested a trade years back but that
never happened 20 years with one single
team oh and also guys I shame or Laker
management yes I know they tried to sign
LaMarcus I know they tried to get to
DeAndre Jordan
Kevin love but the fact that for
everything Kobe has done for you guys
everything is done for 20 years this is
the team that you let him play with in
his retirement this is how he goes out
on a second worst team in the NBA cave
and win 20 games that's pathetic I think
the Lakers should have tried their asses
off tried their asses off to put
together a championship contending team
for Kobe's last year
