wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you juice god oh my god
so I'm getting ready for school right I
just got out the shower it's like a
10:20 my classes at 11 o'clock so I was
going to leave in like oh no 20 minutes
and so I had gone an email I didn't
check last night you know I checked it
this morning
class cancelled class fucking canceled
for today I'm so glad that I saw it in
time um you don't even understand and I
saw like as I was getting ready so now
i'ma go play lunchtime basketball holy
shit you don't understand you guys don't
even I play lunchtime basketball every
day except for when I have school class
got canceled yeah I still do feel like
shit my throat feels like shit but um
say I'm gonna go to the gym now I gotta
get my double stalks the elite ones and
the regular ones ah the greatest news of
my life I swear
guys look at Bosley pawsley who's there
are you mad Bosley yeah Basel who's
there
so que pasa they're just doing their job
it's okay let them live
there you go babe thanks for the food
babe listen stop stop stop don't close
it don't close it why are you so mad
don't close it don't close it I'm gonna
go play basketball guys I just want to
say a big shout-out to my girlfriend
Jackie who literally ever since I got
sick has like dropped pretty much
everything in her life to take care of
me even though like I'm not even sick
I appreciate it she's going out of her
way to just be with me while I feel like
shit and it means a lot like she's been
bringing me food bringing me medicine
and like guys get yourself a girlfriend
who cares for you when you're sick and I
mean really cares she's like dropped
some things or left her house when she's
like she shit in just to come be with me
and I appreciate it it means a lot but
now I'm gonna go play some lunchtime out
basketball okay guys so I just got back
from the gym it's only 1:30 I had to
leave a little early because I swear I
have a throbbing headache so bad
Brian the worst headache in my life you
always get it no but today is actually
bad um I know guys yeah I was playing
and I left a little early I have a
really bad headache so I went and played
basketball at the gym
lunchtime basketball that was kind of
like a warm-up kind of like an appetizer
because I have my game at 6:15 so uh I
just want played like two hours only six
people on the team I don't sub out I
play the whole 40 minutes and but like I
said last time I'm not gonna lie I got a
little bit tired and today with my
sickness and a huge headache I might get
a little tired but I'm too stubborn when
it comes to basketball swear I'm not
gonna take a break I'm not gonna take a
rest I promise you guys a victory today
so we're gonna win Jackie's actually on
her way over right now I'm just about to
hop in the shower because I just got
back from the gym so she's gonna come
over we're gonna hang out before my game
and then we're gonna zoom over to my
game she just ought to give me some good
luck um before my game but God just
fucking to enjoy the rest of this vlog
okay guys you won't believe how many
times I get dude why do you ask her to
be on your team or put rug on the desk
team volleyball guys he didn't want to
play a super play and he didn't want to
play so stop asking me why he ain't on
that team he didn't want to play anyways
time to take some drugs for my headache
hey mom
guys a lot of people refer to them as
pills but I refer to them as drugs
that's what they are mostly cause it
makes my mom mad when she watches my
vlogs I'm about to take some drugs what
that's what they are they're hardcore
drugs yeah they are jokes is exams but
they work yep that's what drugs do I
love drugs when I have a headache oh
that's nice drop the body my drugs
that's what they are no still no easier
on these victims yeah but it's the truth
when you say drugs
forty coated sands includes coke I hate
did you know that it's eight ball right
here you on drugs eight it's just a
prank
Oh Bryce turn it up he's turn I want to
watch the concert basketball flex one
time go
ah it still counts guys the security
caught me sneaking down to the lower
level so they sent me back up to the
nosebleeds oh well I got a good view
from here anyways fuck you cops
switcheroo for - oh shit is my damn
other one director 6a so we don't buy no
drinks at the box pot champagne god add
doh hey guys that's where Jackie and my
mom are like best friends either
Jackie's like 40 years old or my mom is
chewy no my mom is like 20 I don't know
but guys get yourself a girlfriend who
bonds with your mom
Jackie's a MILF
is what
Bosley put have some fucking respect
guys actually I just made a couple
threes outside you wouldn't believe it
but I did okay first of all you didn't
make threes don't get ahead of yourself
you made a couple of shots
okay who's winning me yes you I mean my
team
we
Asli put the thing away clip stop
looking I can't just okay don't look to
the other guys guys I'm going to the ATM
right now because when we play in the
lead though there's there's recipes the
reps make you pay them first of all the
whole reason my nose is fucking broken
because I got in the face I just didn't
call foul so first of all fuck you reps
I shouldn't even be paying right now but
if we don't pay we can't play so I'm
taking money off a big sub playing okay
this is his melted gummy bears because
my chapstick is melted but I have to use
it so I have to let it dry up and in
front of the AC wait babe don't eat the
fruit yet my girlfriend is addicted to
fruit we have to eat so I have to make a
train everyday ah
my mom makes the train up enough Brandon
I'm crying now Jackie what we did a long
wait mom from from the day yeah from the
day you met my dad till the day you made
him how many days was that how many four
days four days so so four and a half
days back my mom didn't even know who
the fuck Ron was and four days later she
literally married him babe what the hell
are you waiting for
hahaha I'm gonna hurry up
dad listen Oh hold on hold on hold on
listen my mom said you guys got married
in four days how do you feel about that
you know you had my mom I'm not married
to my mom what was the question again
four days oh I like the first I saw is
just Bing like I'm a feud okay and I
have another question
so you're the master of predicting games
I have a game in two hours no you guys
gonna win tonight we're winning tonight
yes you better go long - yeah we're not
I'm not losing two games or I told
Jackie I told my mom I'm not losing two
games in a row and then done gosh I have
a really bad reputation with the
referees I either get a technical foul
or a warning at least one every single
game for cussing at the revs
you got the Phoenix warm up shirt the
jersey the short the compression tights
the double socks one of them is under Oh
oh shit I forgot to wear my other okay
so this is one sock I need to go where
my other sock just like like what I do -
you do - me I know I do it too hard on
you yeah one at a time
ah not over bag and this one okay I said
not as hard as I do it to you Wow I do
it for a better purpose not to stretch
you out what a beautiful day out so just
give me a kiss and then you lost it you
I can do is there style
babe let me get my shoes oh right there
here
my good luck kid
my mother
dropping double digits
three two one
this rep got the Jordan 11
-
you
Brandon
hey bitch that's my water Oh Brandon
shooting free-throws
you're tired man or what
maybe argon
Oh word
brain is James Harden
Oh
Leigha random
god
there's two seconds are down by one
all right guys
after a
hard-fought game Brandon came up short
at 19 points six rebounds tried really
hard there's some easy ones at the end
but he'll love it was a good game
honestly
Brandon's of aldermont the lips this is
a rest-pause
- a shout-out to the JPEGs crew we're
taking shout out to the frontal widest
squad
you gotta say to your fans
I'm taking like the Sun
grandidis wedding but it still of you
during sex Jackie what's your favorite
line to stay when he's playing when he's
playing
you're hot you're hot
yeah guys so I scored 19 which was not
only the most for anybody on my team but
it was the most for anybody in that game
I led the whole tie game in scoring but
it doesn't matter because we took the L
we lost again and uh I went to we gotta
start winning getting the psalmist say
we have to start winning games because
only I think top states are top eight go
to playoffs we have to make the playoffs
oh uh yeah I think that was the second
most points I've scored in a league game
ever i think the most was 22 and I
dropped 19 last night so yeah okay good
job we lost we gotta start winning games
all these Jam right here guys so after I
took the El we're about to go watch all
these game he has a league game - Jordan
throws a shout-out to the brothel on
this one shout out to the alley I'm good
I just gotta stay so really quick
I dropped 19 and we still lost what am I
supposed to drop 30 let's to take those
w/e go George
yeah guys I feel real bad for Jackie and
Jordan because I smell like shit I'm
sitting right in the middle so holy
they're taking the elves just like me
laughs exotic both you know offended
that way yes
hey AMI snorting I know I promised no
way wrong but at least kind of middle
you can go we love by three and that
promise was for next time I was mom no
more losses eight and two we're very
limited on living in Kabul Afghanistan
our business I feel like I mean although
you've never been there but by your
widest quali Olli well now that I lost
you're taking this victory I'm taking a
dub we're not taking 200 you say what's
up okay
Ali hi Mary dropping tonight go get your
book you wanted it most uh whatever the
fans love me the fans want me get thirty
I'll get thirty okay your fans fans want
a t14 Kobe's last game tomorrow shout
out
Holly shine and be a cute shy Joey
Crawford
I thought he retired shout out yeah they
were good he's literally Shaq from the
line
Holly Holly why are you sitting like
that
I'll 18:1 yeah Ali one we gotta get the
ending Ali why are you fixing your hair
Ali way are you getting you're breaking
your vegan diet are you done I'm
breaking it at 12 tonight
yeah but eastern time so what are you
getting right now obviously I get um
veggie burgers we're doing a 12-2 much
later what is that I'm going to
Jacqueline box it on all these gonna
listen always been vegan for 22 days at
midnight 22 days ominous and the first
meeting which is gonna Jack Hollywood
what are you ordering from
jack-in-the-box at midnight two chicken
sandwiches with cheese tacos large fries
and a dunk bird no eyes Ali but Eastern
time right now it's past midnight you
can go I'm doing counting time because
you know removed from the Kelly you know
Callie so yeah he's went 22 days without
me
not just fast with no me and the first
meal you're gonna do is Jack in the bog
so if you're a she I no no no no veggie
burgers no cheese no cheese - veggie
burger - give me both tons of onions on
them and can you give me chilies as well
no I want bread on the air
yeah can you put a hint of ketchup in
there John versa yeah I'm so two of
those simple card laughs do you know
what I told my vlog I said I give you a
special thank you for caring for me when
I was sick I said you always care for me
but when I was sick I said sometimes you
had things to do and you drop those so
you can come over and be with me you
brought me medicine you brought me food
I said thank you man I still can't
believe we only lost by three points
it's one thing to lose and get blown out
but when you lose close games that hurt
so much uh yeah so we only lost by three
but a loss is a loss
so we're oh and two right now anyways to
end this vlog I just want to give a huge
shout out to my cousin our kin you guys
might have seen him in my videos when
him and his family came from Texas a
couple months ago and they said at our
house but um he had never been to an NBA
game before and he nagged his mom and so
he went to a Houston Rockets first
Phoenix Suns game just so he can send me
pictures he sat really close he sent me
pictures of Devin Booker and I'm sorry
okay he's from Houston so he's a Rockets
fan but the Suns took the victory he
sent me pictures of Devin Booker I saw a
bunch of Suns players because of him so
I can't thank you for going to that game
it means a lot I love you also he plays
basketball I can when you come here I'm
not sure when you guys are coming down
here again but I'll teach you a few tips
about basketball you saw my highlights
in this video so you know I could play a
little I'll give you some tips okay okay
