wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you go Brian just open the damn
window that will fly out kill it kill it
kill it kill it
okay now now go god I have a fucking
here could have point Matt 10:30 its
1006 okay Brian comes up to me in the
morning and he goes Oh Brandon like do
you want food I'm bout to go get food
and I said yes please I have to eat I'm
still editing my video I don't have time
to go get food before my haircut look
I'm editing my video this is like 10 15
mins ago I I hear something outside I
look Brian is still there I said Brian
what are you doing go go get the food we
don't have time and he said oh there's a
mosquito in my car that's what he was
trying to kill and now I don't know if I
have time to eat guys so okay so let me
tell you what's going on today first of
all I woke up I still feel like shit
last night I'm telling you when you guys
are sick night time is like always the
words for something the note that stuff
here the note gets run here it's just
like your body gets weaker I don't know
what happens at night but that's just
what it is I'm editing my video 10:30
a.m. haircut appointment the barbershop
doesn't even open till 11:00 but my
barber is coming in early for me just
for me I appreciate that Tony but um
it's because I want to go to a lunchtime
basketball with oli and that's out 11:30
so I'm gonna go get my haircut 10:30 I'm
gonna go straight to the gym that's why
I had to eat right now I had to eat
before cuz I don't have time get my cut
go straight to the gym to play
basketball with oli we're gonna be
playing for like two or three hours and
then after that Jordans gonna come
through and we're gonna live we're gonna
work out our chest and triceps and
probably some abs today is gonna be a
long-ass gym day but I gotta make up for
I haven't been to the gym in like three
days
so uh it's like I'm gonna be there I'd
say from 11:00 11:30 until like four
o'clock my girlfriend was so pissed she
was like you
oh my god go
my girlfriend was still paid she was
like you're sick you feel like shit why
are you gonna go to the gym like bah bah
but uh yeah guys and honestly look look
at my nose is it like like Kurt is it uh
broke I don't know not broken it might
be bruised but I definitely not straight
so uh yeah that's the plan for today I
missed the gym guys I haven't been in
like three days and I just I don't know
I missed the gym so yeah I'm waiting for
Brian to get me food what
spas do you wanna get on the couch gonna
go on the couch okay I'm at I drew this
with one hand whoa holy Sh I just picked
up like 600 pounds of one hand whoo I
don't even need to go to the gym anymore
this is the worst morning ever I waited
til 10:29 right now to wait for Brian he
still is at home with the chick-fil-a so
fuck you mosquito for being this car so
now I can't eat and I'm late to my
haircut appointment and as I was
rendering my file for my main channel my
video I noticed that I accidentally roll
over the video I had ready for my NBA
channel so that got deleted so I already
had a video ready for my MBA channel and
I was editing the one from my main and I
accidentally fucking deleted the NBA
channel one so ah okay guys so I just
did the real Michael Jordan flu game I
came to the car just to vlog this part
because I my cam in the car people are
watching in the parking lot I don't care
they got a renamed it the bruh wadis flu
game I was literally dying I came in
breathe right now
we play up to 15 this last game I scored
8 out of 15 that's more than half my
team's points I hit three threes
we won five out of six games we played
681 five and lost one this is the real
you guys ever heard of the Michael
Jordan's new game this is a Brandon a
Wallace flu game I came to my car to
vlog this part we're done playing
basketball now I'm going back inside
Jordan and all they are waiting on me
inside we're about to go workout chest
triceps and abs
yeah at least I got that fresh cut it's
all good
why am I even at that fucking gym
honestly I'm gonna collapse
shoutout
32 33 34 235 236 with the red tomato
face say what's up under under if you
put one more light skinned face I swear
to God
shout out to the front a lot of squat I
feel like shit I don't even know why I'm
here
Jordan guys oh my God look I left gummi
bears in a ziplock bag up here before I
went to the gym look at this
hold my gummy bears no fuck oh my god I
don't know guys I'm about to go grab
some food I've been here it's almost
4:00 p.m. been here from 11:30 to 4 p.m.
that's god that's fucking four and a
half hours so I need to go grab
something to eat I'm ok guys so I'm
bothered go get Chipotle right there I
don't know if you see it says cheer but
trust me says portly after that and look
at this do you see this store that's all
closed off with no like look if you
don't know if you read that but that
used to be Starbucks I had no idea they
closed it off that's every white girl's
nightmare they shut down Starbucks I
don't know why that's weird it's not
like they have a million other ones
right around here anyways largely
where's my boss you haven't seen him all
day
Bosley hey what's up Bosley eight don't
attack me come here I have food not for
you but no Bosley come here I haven't
seen you all day show me some love you
can hump my leg if you want no I don't
make you wet come here bossy well well
well let's see what we have here oh shit
a lot of guac shake you better put me a
lot of guac I paid like $2 extra for
that shit hold on let me mix it to show
you guys what it really is guys when I'm
sick I should just eat really healthy
cuz it's not like I could taste the food
anyway does that happen to anyone else
when you get really sick you can't even
taste the flavor okay it looks a little
better now
steak corn love flow Robles on
um no all that is here who do you like
more Bosley or me fugly it's time to end
your life
he wouldn't let me pay him like that for
six million dollars cuz you don't give
him a cute boys you just talked to Lou
this is my cute voice Bosley in the
garage
that's my cute boys you fell for it
fathers damn it
I was trying to hint to you with his
tongue Bosley put the tongue away doll
he could touch us knows he's trying to
impress you I do it better Bosley go to
sleep
helium shit about to do some drugs well
dad we're gonna do drugs tell me you
love me no honestly bullshit my butt is
big I have inside of it give me a hit
okay then I'm all wasted off okay hey
let me take a hit yeah oh baby you're
gonna pass out from too much helium
anything
where's the hole me oh my gosh we do so
much it doesn't even work
oh my god would being sick and this wow
so I and now it's done
I'm literally Squidward with that
where's the fruit geez babe at least
wait so I fuckin it down so my mom makes
guac and I just paid a million dollars
for guac at Chipotle why babe there's no
pineapple the thing you need most
actually I need it you do too hey easy
it's sharp okay babe honestly at when I
like bent over to get I almost fell out
a fell on it right straight up how happy
would you have been so this should go up
your ass so far cut up your brain bitch
I'm not that short guys I'm talking even
do one Oh God Edge's oh no not that
guy's get yourself a girlfriend who
complements your hair craft so you get
one get yourself a girlfriend who uh I
don't know anymore
just get yourself a fucking jacket
honestly cuz I have a game tomorrow at
6:15 you already know if you watched
last week's vlog I lost my first game oh
and one last year we went nine and one
and I already started on one so that's
not good but I promise you guys look
this isn't that confident of a promise
but I still promise you guys that I
wouldn't lose another game all year so
that one loss was our only loss we got
another game tomorrow 6:15 yeah last
week Tyler scored five points and I only
took like three or four shots I promised
a better performance to only by my team
but by me too and I so we still haven't
found the GoPro I think I'm getting
close to confirming that we just lost it
not we actually Bryan lost
so I'm gonna try to get the same amount
of footage with this camera dad what are
you watching what's it called huh what
is that look he's gonna lay down watch
hey Bosley
then who Netflix and chill to chicken
run cuz welton Netflix and chill to
chicken run we'll pick this vlog up
after this movie we'll get back to you
in about two hours
baby this is me trying to sound
enthusiastic you know how the fake
youtubers who are in bad moods but try
to sound enthusiastic hey what's going
on guys yeah we're about it just Netflix
and chill to some chicken run and I will
pick this log up in about two hours
hey guys what's up fuck you ha yeah me
I'm real if I feel like shit I'm gonna
talk like shit other youtubers go yeah
guys so we're gonna get back you right
and we'll be back in a few so throwing
shade yeah and also they would be like
yeah guys we're about to watch this
movie no I say how it is we're about to
Netflix and chill to this movie and I'll
pick this vlog up and I'll pick this
vlog up right as soon as movies out okay
guys so drop a big fat like if you
enjoyed yeah you guys just can you guys
stand like okay yeah guys it's a picture
oh no yeah I'm gonna sign this if you
don't know what the 1 & 2 stands for am
i Pharrell all direc sign sort or
look outside of room okay
v8
- yes no nothing like my keys I use more
Devin Booker oh absolutely
here's some more fans probably better
than I hi it's gonna be in the black
vlog okay grammar Bosley don't go
anywhere
people who watch my videos work because
anybody who shouts OH
Juancho okay fluffy that so uh that's
official I love thee mummies from day
one day while ways be shut off Vegas
people okay guys we're done Netflix and
chilling and uh you know how do you
remember when I put the tampon up my
nose when my nose was bleeding
well I found another tampon so guys look
I thought you take it out like this my
girlfriend is laughing so hard I didn't
know look it's like a shot look boot
okay I guess you take it out like that
and since I'm bout to go play basketball
outside so my nose doesn't run cuz it's
super runny I'll put it right here oh
shit oh my god imagine my nose grew even
bigger now the tampon does need a fit
oh yeah it does but I have to keep
switching cuz both sides are running
guys who will let me be Who I am as a
person I'm literally the idiot I'm
literally an idiot I'm a dumbass but
it's okay because I'm funny it's my mom
and dad's farm like this they raised me
Oh Dan
kinda hurts this time now I know how
Jackie feels haha mama no don't point
there don't do that to me Bob I'm
playing I'm gonna play bass on me and
Jackie what is the thing love and bass
balls I don't move you're a show guys
you know that she'll love and basketball
trick babe oh my god guys she's Brandon
Knight hey I'm Eric button Devin Booker
mix baby I'm gonna cross you over you're
gonna break your ankles and then you're
gonna blame me when I go to the hospital
she's gonna tell the doctor oh yeah he
crossed me over baby you just can't all
two in a row you've been watching too
much Suns guys the suns are looking
right now babe listen if you beat me we
can go out to eat wherever you want
without my three dollar limit that I put
on you but if I beat you stop shootin
listen babe oh my god three air balls
air ball means the damn ball hits the
air not the rim or the glass you miss
everything hold on
if I beat you we don't we don't go out
to eat and I get you know what whenever
I want for a week straight okay fine
then we'll just play for fun guys let's
see how it would be as a head coach babe
bend your knees shoot it shoot it with
an arc now don't bend over that was
upstairs not here shoot it okay bend
your knees and shoot it hot but you have
to use strength because when you shoot
it too high then it's gonna just go yeah
but you look but like with both knees
use the power from your legs your shot
is all from your legs and knees okay
that was better either I'm a terrible
coach or Jackie just literally yeah baby
go coach get closer babe baby you are
too far she's trying to shoot a three
deuce Steph Curry when you're really
Tyson Chandler babe listen I'm a coach
with no patience let's go closer and
shoot it you're actually you're oh my
god
maybe your life is on the line if you
don't make the shop literally kill you
either I'm Byron Scott as a coach but I
want to be Gregg Popovich baby I shoot
from there shoot from there baby how the
fuck did you get a ball from get on the
bench go make one on camera I want to
look like a good coach okay bend your
knees bend your knees put your what put
your elbow and wrist in the form of an L
babe
you got to be doing this on purpose oh
my god guys how is she my girlfriend
babe you literally are Brandon Knight oh
my god babe yes what do you mean let you
won you just made one when can i play
whoever what's lever and I said no oh
shit
two in a row guys the Suns are down by
two with 20 seconds they better lose
this fucking game no no no no no yes yes
yes oh my god that's all the time I'll
root for Devin Booker to miss baby if
they won this game again got the fucking
sons are idiots they're idiots they
can't even tank right they can't even
lose on purpose correctly I don't get
why management is giving PJ Tucker and
Tyson Chandler and Ronnie price over 30
minutes a game when you're trying to
lose giving to guys like Goodwin John
Jenkins Alex land you should have shut
down Tyson channel and PJ Tucker not
only do you leave them on the team but
you fucking you play them over 30
minutes
that's bullshit the suns it's one thing
to suck and it's another thing to be
stupid if you're judging it lose right
yeah I know but guys I don't know if I
was watching Steph Curry or Seth Curry
on this on the king´s whoever it was
has 20 points 15 assists and 3 steals
2015 and 3 first I swear that was Steph
Curry you just put on a Kings Jersey
before the game or something but yeah
honestly guys the suns are idiots
they went like they put themselves in
good good position to get that number
one pick and then they win 8 out of 20
games now late in the season and they
give a bunch of minutes to veteran did
like it's one thing when you can't win
it's another thing you can't even lose
correctly your fucking guys this is not
on the players fault the players cannot
lose on purpose they get paid to win
it's their job to win they go out and
try to engage it's on management to
fucking bring in the younger players and
the unexperienced players but no instead
for no reason that offer absolutely no
fucking reason you play your veterans in
a you've won 22 games and lost 59 and
you're gonna play your veterans like I
just don't I don't know guys I just
don't fucking know in my car driving to
Denny's to go get dinner with my babe
and I'm still pissed about the sons
because how are you gonna be and put
yourself in number one pick conversation
after having such a bad year and then
over the last month and a half you're
gonna take yourself from fucking like 25
to 22 like 15 percent chance that number
one down to 11 percent chance right now
they have a eleven point nine percent
chance out the number one pick it's just
bullshit like oh my girlfriend just
pulled up hey babe we're about to go to
Denny's and my camera is about to die so
Dave what are you doing she's turning up
in her car yeah I said I have two
minutes of battery left so babe let's go
I'm hungry
oh she's so hot
you know what I want you to say for my
vlog
you already know guys this is no that's
me to you listen this is guys when I'm
playing in my basketball game this is
all I hear from the stands
okay yeah maybe I don't look at her cuz
I'm too focused on the game but all I
hear is go baby I hear from the fans and
I hear you're so hot guys you already
know I got that fresh cut every single
week
you gotta stay fresh I mean like I went
a little short on the top this time I
told him just with scissors I said no I
said Ben not the clip Tony not the clip
just with scissors scissors you know
just like you know when they go like
like you know when they grab your hand
your head goes like that and they do the
scissor like this they go just like that
so you know I cut a little bit off the
top but you still gotta keep it longer
you skin the sideburn skin taper like
kind of low medium then you fade it all
in to on the sides and back you leave
the top and you stay fresh every single
week but no you got to know what I'm
talking about one day you know when you
say oh can you do it with scissors and
they grab your hair with with their
fingers like this and do the scissors
from the top but you know they don't go
like days they go like this and then
grab it and they get this and they cut
like that guys really quick Tuesday
morning I hope you enjoyed this vlog
another vlog coming out tomorrow is
gonna include some gameplay of my game
today and I thought you got to be sure
to follow me on social media Twitter
Instagram snapchat guys you know hash
tag late I'm hashtag late on all my
social media I'm active on all social
media so be sure to give me a follow and
I love you guys too / walk squad I hope
you enjoyed this vlog and I hope you
enjoy my street that's currently out
like 80 or 81 days
