wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you it was a grass but why we're
dead yeah and my taxes late where did it
go
we already have one rat living right
there in that room and you tell me
there's another that guy Oh God I came
down to tell you I'm dead Oh was getting
sick not just not just no not just
getting sick huh no blood no no blood
not just getting sick my back my lower
back is broken my head is literally
broken you and your brother now we
looked at the urgent care no no no I'll
go to the gym Jim listen guys let me I
don't know if I have enough fingers to
count what runny nose stuffy nose sore
throat cough headache literally broken
nose mom I swear I think my nose is like
curved from the basketball game hey
Bosley No
um yesterday I felt like shit but that
was the bloody nose and a headache I was
just like okay those are random things
they could happen any time then at night
I started getting uh like you know like
a little sniffles I started getting the
suds like spongebob and then this
morning I woke up with full-blown
like fever sickness and then on top of
that my nose is still like bruised or
crooked I'm left to get that checked out
because while I was watching the video
of the bloody nose I know didn't notice
that my nose is kind of bad I'm telling
you guys I got hit really hard during
the game on top of that another headache
just like I've been getting them like
crazy recently that's because of I
haven't really been getting sleep due to
all the editing I've been doing making
all these videos I've been like losing a
ton of sleep and then also my lower back
which hurts from time to time because I
go to the gym a lot and I play a
tournament basketball I don't like
stretch with the best of them let's just
leave it at that yeah they're the first
time I've been shaking a while I'll set
you up that's this new name I guess it's
cold tomato toast meat I don't know how
to say that one in English good that
eggs was tomato guys lo and behold barn
where you going yeah I'm not the only
one who's sick I might be dying two
weeks
yeah no bridesman sick his whole life
he's been sick of it was not growing but
I'll call you 411 okay well now we have
these xanies bar you're taking - welcome
to this anything sans alright how can it
having a fit to down your throat like a
new one hasn't gotta have experience
with that oh yeah hold on diam hmm I
want water not sick I'm use it holy
water I get God British it so hard to
swallow this you
pop and you prepare for the trip I've
experienced swallowed easy from last one
for me oh my god overdose I'm dayquil
loves taking shape times throw swollen
that one cover throw it went in sideways
mom I feel bad for you have two little
girls sick at the same time guys I was
watching Kobe's final game in Houston he
dropped 35 points guys called me crazy
but this is coming from a Sun fan it's
actually sad watching Kobe plays final
game final minutes final seconds of a
20-year NBA career on such a bad team I
mean I don't know I think the Lakers
should have put together a better team
to support him in his final year but I
don't know it's just sad seeing him go
out like this I'm playing final round
come here Bosley ah go win I don't know
if it got that on camera but Brian just
literally almost hit that fence with a
shot Bosley go inside please go inside
you don't have a leash
you know Bosley okay I'm shooting Bosley
Bosley I come from upstairs no warm-up
no stretch I play one round and I get
the victory that's stretching is a man
jumping up as a myth
after this mace winner again winner
thank you Kobe's farewell tour Prime's
gonna overdose on drugs not even Coco
okay mom does grinds robic sorry Brian
Brian
dad what are you making oh my gosh shish
shish kebob what oh my god she's kabob
shish kebab oh my god Bosley you get
away from the food guys look what
happened to my socks outside rib is not
playing in sandals a little bit of this
big game big game oh my god listen all
the killers they do it wrong they try to
kill with the the small knives and then
they get mad when the person doesn't die
if you're serious about a killing look
at this shit Bosley walk straight walk
straight about six inches
chop off what you don't need hey Dad
actually I'm asking you since you get
all the all the predictions right no
Duncan no DL who's winning Golden State
Warriors okay guys
oh yeah he predicted my life don't leave
if I don't believe in my team one
believing okay well when I ask you who's
gonna win me or the other team in my
league you said we're gonna lose yeah
when your love okay so you don't have me
guys get yourself a father that believes
in his kids and get yourself a dog that
actually likes you buzzing mama wadis
mama rug mom whatever the hell your name
is
she made me she made me hot tea with
lemon for my sore throat because I've
been taking too much I'm just joking
because I have a sword yeah hot
I feel like a grandma not a grandpa I
feel like a grandma yeah guys for
Phoenix Suns lottery tanking purposes I
need the Brooklyn Nets to win let's go
ahead and check the score of their game
Oh too bad they fucking suck Brooklyn
what is that dad actually babe what is
that it's better every banana here
Jackie's mom's boyfriend made this from
my mom and dad mom Jackie brought you
cookies from her mom's boyfriend from
Scotty logging her naked
Bosley's actually in love with my
girlfriend
Jackie brought me Jamba Juice look I
didn't even know she was bringing it
right here bullshit thanks babe
Bosley stop staring at my girlfriend he
literally has no respect for me he's
laughing Fazal you're laughing yeah wait
so I shove my foot up your ass we'll see
who's laughing then I'm too sick for
arguing Bosley okay just thanks for the
smoothie stop trying to impress me you
brought me smoothie I'm impressed really
not always when I have a good game yeah
so I'm in the front of the book cuz
she's studying criminal justice babe so
honestly if I do it domestic abuse you
you can arrest me yourself huh yeah I
mean like maybe two years I can I know I
can just report you I want to be
arrested by you with the head post how
would you break it okay don't do fucking
over hmm
do your homework hey guys so Jackie
bought me Jamba Juice she bought my
chance cookie she also brought Brian
Jamba Juice now I have to top off her
kindness somehow so got her her favorite
macaroni salad I do have to try it
though mmm thanks good I'll make her a
plate of pizza I'll take it upstairs
she's doing her homework right now hmm
should I go with ham and pineapple or
pepperoni uh she means the pineapple
here you go princess one slice is for me
though don't get carried away
wait the salad is under that's why the
fork is there hockey puck babe if that's
me then I question your taste in men
unless you're just using me guys guys
this this is literally the most hyped up
game in NBA regular season history the
only games that have been more hype took
them this is like NBA Finals and playoff
games there's no regular season game
that has been more hype than April 10th
Spurs worst warriors because with the
Spurs taking a six-point lead to start
the third quarter let me just say this
if the Spurs won would continue the lead
and win this game they need better play
from their backcourt they have four
points combined from Tony Parker and
Danny Green just for Kauai and LaMarcus
have been getting it dumped for them as
I speak Danny Green misses another three
so they need better production from
their backcourt four points from your
starting backcourt it's nothing and if
the Warriors want to win this game they
got to cut down on turnovers whoo they
have 11 turnovers and still the
beginning of the third quarter so but
this game is still very much in play a
half-time I said that if the Spurs
wanted to win they needed better
production from their backcourt because
they only had four combined points
between twenty Parker and Danny Green
end of the game they only had six points
combined so that that totally failed I
also said if the Warriors wanted to win
they needed to cut down on turnovers
they had 11 at the start of the third
they finished with 13 turnovers they
only come into two turnovers after that
and guess who won the Warriors who cut
down on turnovers and the Spurs walls
who didn't get any production from their
backcourt beau born cause beau bonds a
great player in NBA history babe look at
this guy he looks like a monster oh my
god yes
no need donate three
come on Bobby stop
no need three yes to that bothers gonna
kill you and sit hey boss me hi guys
it's time to brush off the saltiness
that I have because I picked this first
two and they lost where's my toothbrush
oh okay now that wonk am I really did
use your toothbrush I'm mister I don't
really use it guys got yourself a
girlfriend who listens we were in bed
watching a movie and I said babe your
breath fucking stinks go brush your
teeth
and now she's here I'm just joking to my
wife Hey
don't learn from the swamp stop in here
turn it off
hats off three warriors shut up Bosley
look at these pants that I bought oh
look at that hole I could have done this
myself
this was like $85 I could have cut baby
my love or nothing okay Brendan and
Jackie I'm going to in a no it's go
rappy Brockie would you guys uh why this
logo finds getting his first real
haircut from a real barbershop on when
Thursday I said are you saying like a
life yeah he's gonna be guys lined up no
do uh do like a two or three on the
sides and then Tom to fade it all in
don't just go short and then long tell
me I can't look good no no it's fade you
can't go short top it has to go short
then fade into the mom yeah I don't know
alloy test plan guys I just arted saying
old I got my haircut appointment
tomorrow at 10:30 in the morning I'm so
high look in my face I just woke up so
that's why my hair looks like this
Brian has the sex hair in the morning
head the morning wood guys you might
think I'm just saying this I'm just
lying by sweat ever since my girlfriend
came over my sickness is like gone babe
you healed my life thanks you make me
better and taste my bitter please please
why ya know I only got sick at night
during the day it feels good guys babe
oh my gosh
Who am I Bosley and you're my owner yeah
guys I want to go to the gym tomorrow
from 11:00 to 5:00 p.m. I want to play
basketball for like three hours
look I'm smiling just saying it I've
been playing basketball in four days
four I want to play basketball and then
I want to workout after I haven't worked
out in five days I can see myself
getting smaller look at this I want to
work out chest triceps abs my girlfriend
doesn't let babe
she thinks I'm too sick look I'm not
even sick it was a joke I'm not sick
hey I'm telling you babe it's only like
four hours again guys I haven't played
basketball since since Wednesday I
haven't worked out since Monday you know
you know the last time I didn't live for
16 I don't care even if I was dying if I
got shot in the ear and somehow made it
I would still be going to the gym
tomorrow babe babe you're so beautiful
and Q and I love you so much and your
lips are so soft and your eyelashes are
on point your boobs are really really
nice and your butt is perfectly shaped
I can go babe guys I'm going to the gym
tomorrow you brought me the Jamba Juice
and I feel so good guys get yourself a
girlfriend who doesn't care about you
and you're sick and lets you go to the
gym
look if I feel okay I'll go to the
doctors after the gym I swear sir sir
it's just a sickness for 22 to doctors
force your breathing's getting so bad
guys actually my breathing look even
even before okay okay even before I got
sick my breathing has been so bad like I
was breaking like I don't know why like
even before I got sick and then after I
got hit in the nose it got even worse
and now babe for just for a little
listen to me tomorrow I'm gonna be at
the gym you need to catch me there if
you want guys listen to me I'm going it
out I'm playing lunchtime baffle listen
after my hair I'm getting my car let me
think about what I want to do more
basketball or stay in this relationship
cosmesis
listen after I get my hair cut I'm gonna
have a fresh ass skin taper faded into
the top I'm again my car push the start
read the engine drive to the gym take my
bath while my car play for three hours
after that I'm gonna take a pre-workout
I'm gonna work out
chest triceps and fire at the gym I'm
gonna do abs for 10 minutes and then I'm
gonna hang out with you and that's gonna
be my Monday please oh my god babe okay
while I'm at the gym you could cheat on
me just let me go baby
I'm not sick anymore I want to do
Michael Jordan Pflueger I'm going to the
gym okay what if I go to the doctors
right now okay go but doctor rug fine
open the light I mean turn on I mean
turn on the light okay doctor check me
who combined touch my butt Buddha how
the other doctor does Brian check do the
physical what was his name again Phil
hey dolly Prasant you don't what this
Olly
no forget my go teeth look so filled
yeah that's a long time babe I'm gonna
rest and I'll go I am serious guys I'm
editing my video on my NBA channel if
you want to check that out it's pretty
much it's pretty much mine and my dad's
reaction to the Warriors and Spurs game
my link to my MBA channel is in my
description right below this so you can
check that out if you want
great news babe where am I going
tomorrow to where
wait why are you so mad guys I'm going
to the gym
dad what are you watching what's it
called
he's too happy about the Warriors win
all right guys so it's like 10:30 p.m.
still feel like shit nighttime is always
the worst one you're seeing but I hit up
my connect who lives down the street and
I picked up some top-of-the-line lean
some scissor
oh damn I picked up from the fucking
wrong connect this is the knockoff so
Ivan the real lean aka Michael this is
CBS nighttime relief yeah but I gotta go
find some Jolly Ranchers right now about
a fucking no just get just pull up right
now fucking oh you can't do this without
some hold up but take this lean to the
dome right now you feel me hold up
you take straight shot
oh one last thing hats off oh I don't
even know whose house this is
hats off to the Golden State Warriors
who their next game I'm assuming they
beat Memphis would have break-in the
best broken the best record in NBA
history 73 wins nine losses hats off to
the best team best regular-season team
in NBA history and I honestly feel
blessed that I got to be a part of
watching it because not many people if
ever are gonna be able to watch a team
who wins 73 games ever again or god
forbid 74 so uh clap it up respect to
the Golden State Warriors best team in
the NBA best team in NBA history the
2016 Golden State Warriors and I'm glad
I got to be able to watch it
