don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you had a twin I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka April Wallace and this
video I'm gonna be showing you guys how
uh
this right here well not this one
because I'm obviously using my camera to
record but a camera and a website called
YouTube changed my whole entire life it
changed my whole life and everybody's
life around me so uh I've been known
YouTube for over a year now I guess it's
been over a year that's just when I
first uploaded my first video but I I
hadn't been taking it seriously for just
about six or seven months now maybe six
months and you guys know me as a daily
vlogger sometimes praying sometimes
challenges sometimes I get pranked
myself Jackie but um yesterday if you
can't tell I'm sick as hell I'm I I feel
like shit I haven't felt this like
physically weak in like over a year it's
look how bad it is I'm not going to the
gym today that's how bad it is I'm
skipping a gym day because of how bad I
feel so yesterday I couldn't vlog like I
just loved it like I couldn't do
anything so I woke up this morning and I
had like I'm like oh okay what video
should I make today I don't have a vlog
you know should I do a challenge I try
to come up with a prank and praying
someone in my family and then I hit me
that just a couple of months ago if I
woke up and didn't have a video idea you
know what I would say I would say okay
whatever it's just one day I'm not gonna
do a video or if I was sick as hell like
this I would be like okay whatever I'll
just make a video tomorrow or the next
day so it hit me that over time without
me noticing
I have started taking this this right
here YouTube I have to started taking it
so much more seriously than I used to
and so this video today like I said how
this will all change my life so let me
just give you a quick little quick
little snip of where I was in life last
year maybe a year and a half ago last
year last year I was working two jobs
subway and at a grocery store I was only
working subway for a couple days a week
the grocery store I was working like 30
hours a week I was going to school
full-time for classes I'm wah if any of
my subscribers are or have work two jobs
plus went to school you can comment how
hard that was because if anybody says
that's easy then that's a lie so I was
doing that while my brother was doing
YouTube and he dropped out of school in
my head I was I'm not gonna lie I went
up to my brother called him an idiot
before I was like why would you drop out
of school like you're dumb like you
better go back to school all that I
bacon my words because eating whatever
the fuck it's called maybe I'm the only
shit stay in school but he has ID okay
it's one point he has two million
subscribers he's shoved those words
right down my throat so uh I was going
to school full-time working two jobs I
would play I'd say about six hours of
basketball per day I would I would like
right before so I wake up and go to
basketball court maybe lift a little but
I'll mostly play basketball come back
home shower change go to school go to
work right after we go back to
basketball like that was my life not too
long ago like I look at old pictures or
old texts and I see like like look at my
life right now so those two jobs I did
not quit for YouTube one of them I quit
because my schoolwork was getting too
heavy so I quit subway I just never
liked it I quit that first but I stayed
at the grocery store I stayed and say
the same I worked there for a year at
one point I was getting full-time hours
and the company went bankrupt so they
laid everybody off and I couldn't find a
job for like a month and I was already
doing YouTube like I was making my NBA
shows but I didn't take it seriously at
all I was helping my dad out the store
for extra money and you know people
would ask me like dude where are you
gonna work you know your company got
shut down and I would just be like
honestly like I don't know what I'm
gonna do Baba and now here I am a couple
weeks away from five hundred thousand
YouTube subscribers
Here I am waking up in the shittiest way
I've ever felt in years try to think of
a video idea to make for you guys Here I
am on a tee
they upload streak of 20 minute vlogs
and funny entertaining pranks and and
listen I'm gonna start this video right
now I'm gonna start this off with what
it's like having a younger brother who's
so much higher than you in in the I
guess social media world in the YouTube
world so let me tell you uh all the time
that I didn't have a youtube account
even when I first started my youtube
account I would go out or I would be
working at the grocery store and people
come up to me oh dude are you rubs
brother you know can we take a picture
can you tell rook I said hi or you know
they would find my Instagram and comment
do tell rug I love him I call that four
months and I wouldn't get bothered
because that's my brother that's blood
you like I was ecstatic I was like damn
my brother is napping and I was never
really like I never really knew how big
YouTube was so I was like who are these
people that cherish my brother and they
look up to him that much like what it's
like what is going on so I never really
understood that but I would I would be
like damn that's pretty cool my brother
has like like fans out like I don't know
so like four months I'll be like oh yeah
I'm face rugs brother like they wouldn't
even know my name
oh hey are you runs brother yeah you
wanna take a picture yeah okay now I
walk into let's say a mall or a store
dude it's bro bodies oh my god it's bro
wanna uh can I take a picture like blah
blah
they're like shaking and I'm just like
like I'm like I'm thinking in my head
just a couple months ago date I was a
nobody like I they had no idea who I was
I was phase rugs brother I was my
younger brothers like below him mic and
listen oh listen to this dude you get
all your rubs you get all yourselves
from rug do I get all myself some run no
I know you would try to tell me that you
could you could say that's your friends
you can say that your mom dad you could
say that to my face you know what else
I'll say no you're wrong you're wrong
let me tell you what I did get I got a
hell of a lot of cells from rug I got
the idea to do YouTube from rug because
if it wasn't for him I would have never
even fucking known what
a YouTube channel was I got exposure
from rug did I get all my cells from rug
no I want you to go look at a famous
youtuber anybody you want and I want you
to go look at who they put on whether it
was their brother or their best friend
you know go follow my boy bah bah and I
want you to look at their subscribers I
guarantee you unless the dude is fucking
big-time they're not gonna have 500,000
sounds how easy was it for me - oh I got
a shout out from rug he's so bigger on
youtube I don't even need to upload I'm
just gonna get big on my own no I'm not
an idiot I knew that I had a backbone
which was my brother right there so I
said why not build on it not many people
have an opportunity to be so close to
someone who's so big so why would I
waste that opportunity I'm gonna I'm
gonna work just as hard as if he wasn't
there but knowing that he is there so I
kind of had a little stepping stone but
I took full advantage of that I've I've
uploaded 80 days in a row you like I
look I don't care I'm up for the rest of
my life I'm gonna go on with the you
might a little ride on my back faze rugs
brother but I'm more than that
I'm bro what is I'm bro wadis you could
tell me oh you got all yourselves from
rug I laugh like it's like on my
shoulder I just brush it off like it's
you could think that that's fine with me
and also how about you look at the view
count I'm met almost 500,000 subscribers
and I'm pulling in fuse I'm trying to
say this not in a cocky way but I'm
pulling in the views that youtubers with
a million subscribers get like like I'm
telling you let me I get a hell of a lot
and Bryant even admitted to me you know
when I before I started YouTube he would
barely do any vlogs now he's admitted to
me that like I'm the reason he does more
vlogs he sees my content and like all
that I love Brian you know I think I
thanked him randomly sometimes I'll text
him Oh Brian thanks for getting me on
this YouTube thing because it truly has
changed my life only in better ways you
know like I just think how quickly this
happened just like I said last year yeah
that's a year how about just a few
months ago I did not have a job I didn't
have a youtube account I did
like I didn't know what I was gonna do
like I was working hard in school and I
was like okay maybe one day like bah bah
bah like I just I don't know but yeah I
thanked my brother every single day if
it wasn't for him what I have all these
subs no but is he the only reason I have
almost five hundred thousand nine if you
guys think that then you might want to
go to a doctor or something but anyways
I appreciate everything he's done and if
it wasn't for him I wouldn't be where
I'm at right now it's not usual a
younger brother Pyxis picks up his older
brother on his back but that's exactly
the occurrence right here and the fact
that we're both making it on YouTube is
just like I don't know I applaud him
every single day for the work that he
puts in let me tell you some other
things the question I get all the time
is you know you're still going to school
like you spent so much time with your
girlfriend you're at the gym so many
times are you like do you take YouTube
so seriously is it that big to you I
laugh if people didn't think I take this
seriously my life is YouTube what's your
life YouTube is my life like let me tell
you this I this bed right here barely
gets touched well unless I'm with Jackie
no I'm just joking but sleep wise let me
just tell you guys the amount of hours I
get for sleep three four hours a night
not much more than that I'm editing till
2:00 or 3:00 in the morning and then I'm
waking up at around nine o'clock to
either go to school or the gym one of
those I'm doing one of those every
single morning every morning I fall
asleep where's my laptop I don't know
where my laptop is oh it's right here I
fall asleep like this
I fall asleep like this and I wake up to
my mom like taking my laptop I arms on
her what are you doing she's like no you
got to go to your bed like you can't
sleep right here like I wake up with
these massive migraines for weeks now
I've been having migraines and I went to
get it checked out like just to the to
the pharmacy not the doctor I just asked
the pharmacist she said that I'm not
getting any sleep and I'm sleeping with
my eyes glued to the computer editing
and I'm waking up because I don't finish
editing sometimes at night so right when
I wake up I'm like oh she I got class I
got
Jim I gotta finish this really quick and
I'll wake up and go straight back to
editing without eating without fucking
like like it's I skip meals like I said
I used to play bass some like six hours
a day now I'll hit the gym like an hour
a day and then okay I gotta go back home
I gotta make a video I don't like my
brother
with all due respect when he just
started taking YouTube seriously he cut
school out of his life you gotta cut
something out of your life whether it's
like spending time with your friends
school gym if you're doing all that and
you want to take YouTube seriously
there's just not enough time in the day
you gotta cut something out of your life
I kept my girlfriend I kept all my
friends around I kept all my gym hours I
stayed in school but what I did cut out
I cut sleep out like and my mom gets mad
at me for that but I tell her mom like
I'm still young I could afford to lose
some sleep although it's not going too
well because my fucking eye bags and my
headaches but that's what I do also
people who haven't ever been in love
might think that this isn't a big deal
but when I first started like talking to
my girlfriend she wasn't comfortable
around the camera there are some people
who just aren't comfortable in front of
cameras and she's one of them also some
people are really really harsh in the
comments section and you know girls like
they kind of care more so she wasn't
comfortable and and like if you've ever
found your first love you'll do some
crazy things I know people who have
dropped out of school for a girl they
love I know people who have moved across
the country for a girl they love how
easy was it for me to be like okay I
love this girl I'm gonna drop YouTube
you know I'm gonna make this work see
people would think I'm crazy but if
you've ever loved somebody you would
know that that's something you would do
for a girl you love but instead I sat
her down and I was like I was like babe
this is like my job like this is a job
like we gotta get used to this Bob are
you sure honestly where she's at now
she's at the point where she is carrying
my camera pranking me that's how
comfortable she's got first of all I
can't do this enough that prank I still
think about every day I'm just so mad
but yeah so she went from oh don't
record me like I don't like being on
camera to her fucking so half the times
taking over my vlogs like I pretty much
told her this could be a career
like this is my job right now this is my
job like bah bah we work that out and
everything's going good let me also tell
you when people say like when I talk
about oh yeah I got like I go to school
I have a job and people go oh what's
your job you just do YouTube I'm not a
coffee person so sometimes I let it go
sometimes I just like okay yeah you're
right I don't have a job but sometimes I
actually think about all the hours that
I stay up at night and all the time that
you know my friends text me like oh
let's go hang out you know we'll go now
and I'm like oh no I gotta make a video
I think about all that and I go off on
my own on a job how about you fucking
take over YouTube for one week let me
see how that goes like blah blah it's a
job it's a full-time job not just a job
it's a full-time job making videos
everyday it takes four hours for me to
edit render upload it takes hours and
hours and hours and uh yeah there's been
like countless amount of times
I'm lucky my girlfriend likes to just
come over and chill in my bed cuz I can
get my editing done that some of my
friends like they'll be like oh do you
want to go out and I'll be like I wish
but I have to like edit this video like
and I skipped so many times one of the
matter is I take this stuff very very
seriously and it's changed my life so
much like the last part that changed my
life
is um the fans I'm gonna go over to
month things really quick I'm gonna
leave the fan part for the end but this
next part is I think the biggest thing
once you start getting bigger because
I'm gay I'm pulling in five to ten
thousand subs a day I think it's safe to
say that I'm growing and I'm growing
fast I'm trying to say that in the least
cocky least bragging way I look at my
analytics and I've gained over 150,000
subscribers in the last month I'm
growing really fast you can't be cocky
you can't walk around like yeah that's
me I'm the youtuber no you gotta walk
around with like like all that work that
you put in to get this high up that's it
like you gotta you gotta keep that on
your shoulder like not a lot of people
could do that and not a lot of people
have the motivation to you know like
people some people come up to me dude
you like you think you shout me out on
YouTube like well I know they can't do
it like
like you my brother put me on you got me
a couple thousand subs and Here I am
with five hundred thousand subscribers I
know a lot of people who have been put
on by big-time youtubers they'll get 40
50 thousand subs in a week one year
later they're at 70 or 80 thousand like
some people think things are just handed
to them but I don't think you could be
cocky even though even if you could do
and other people care I don't think you
want to know how not cocky I am a lot of
people ask me oh hey what are you like
people from the gym that don't know I do
YouTube oh hey what do you do now that
you don't have a job at the grocery
store
I could easily oh I do YouTube now I'm
like check out my Instagram I got all
these followers like look at this look
at my video views you know what I say
sometimes I put myself down just so I
don't come off as cocky I say oh I still
haven't found a job like I'm just going
to school a lot of times no I'm not
gonna lie I tell people yeah I do
YouTube I make videos half the time I
just say like oh yeah like I I'm like
looking for a job so I help my dad out
at the store because I don't want to
like come off as like coffee and my even
though that's actually my job I just
don't want to come up because some
people don't see it as a job and they're
like oh wow well bah bah so ok let me
tell you now last but not least about my
fans my subscribers the broad squad I'll
never ever ever ever ever understand
youtubers or athletes or big-time
celebrities who don't acknowledge their
fans who don't like cherish their fame
if you're wasn't for you guys where
would I be I would still be working at
Subway I'll still be working at the
grocery store I would still be phase
drugs brother I would
guys you listen I mentioned how this
changed my life I mentioned how this
changed my life sure that's a part of it
you guys changed my life hold on I need
water I'm actually dying I'm so fucking
sick right now
you gotta change my life there's like I
can't explain the feeling because
there's no words for it for when I go
out in public
dude bruh wat is is that you and like
you see the smile on these people's
faces whether it's boy or girl whether
it's kid or ad or weather no matter who
it is and like you see the smile and you
just like you can't help but oh I do
come here let's take a picture you know
what's your Instagram what's your
snapchat let me follow you like well
that I'm before if you're watching this
video you can comment I've met a fan and
like oh dude you want to go get
something to eat and we've went to the
food court at the mall before and like I
just tried to I try to talk to them
someone told me like oh yeah I'm not
doing like too good in school I Baba and
I told myself I just talked to them I'm
like wow like like you're young so in
your head it's cool but why are you like
high school is not hard like I like I
just I try to talk to my fans whether
it's inspire them well if they have any
questions I answer it like we talk I
don't just oh hey what's up alright
peace out guys know like in my head I
see it like I don't think about it daily
like oh if it wasn't for you guys I
wouldn't be here but when you actually
see a fan in real life and you see how
much you mean to them you can't help but
wanna make their day even more than like
just letting them see you you want to
take pictures with them you want oh you
do you want me to like sign anything you
like and it really irks me when I see
people who I know recognize me but
they're too shy to say anything so I
walk up and I just say oh do you watch
my videos and they say yeah and then we
talk like like it's like and then the
the DMS okay let me try this and one of
my videos before I mentioned how I
answer a lot of Instagram d-ends and
when I meant when I said that people
took advantage of it so they all started
leaving me and I'm telling you right now
if it if I read every single message in
my DMS let alone reply if I just read it
then there's nine of hours in a day let
alone apply still reply to a lot of them
but when I mentioned that I replied to
all my Instagram DMS that blew up and
there's just no way I can answer all of
them but I see some of them and like
it's people who buy the same clothes as
me and they they like I'm not gay I'm
not gonna lie I've cried before because
I don't care look I'm laughing because I
know people are gonna make fun of me but
like people mess when you're like oh you
look at my goatee I'm trying to grow it
out like you or look at this shirt I
bought it because you have it or like oh
my favorite team is the Phoenix Suns
because of you principal I feel bad for
you guys cuz I'm sorry you have to go
through the same pain I do but the fact
that mean some 20 year old fucking
random ass college kid inspires people
so much change people's life so much
like I'm just like how how do I do it
like I just think so like I don't know
it's just amazing like just the other
day like I think this was yesterday I
was in a bad mood because like I was
really sick and just something happened
I don't want to talk about on camera I'm
over it now but something had happened
and when I met like a group of like six
people there were four girl there were
five girls and one guy they all came up
obrigada smallest one of them asked me
oh why are you in such a good mood let
me tell you it was one of my worst days
I had in a while but went one time meant
the fans and they told me like they were
talking about my videos and they
memorize like every single detail it
just I had like a smile instantly came
onto my face like god this videos over
20 minutes long I don't want to get like
too deep into it there's much more I can
say and I'd love to do a part two but I
just want you guys to know that where I
am this year compared to where I was
last year is like from here to here it's
like it's just amazing how fast things
have changed and like everything has
changed for the positive you guys along
with youtube along with a simple camera
have changed my whole entire life it's
changed the way people look at me it
changed the way like like everything
it's just change the way I look at
everything like I've got so much out of
my life so I can entertain you guys
because I realized how big of a thing
YouTube is how seriously people take it
so why not make the most of it like like
I just I just know that I never take
anything for granted
I know that I'm in a very very very
lucky
and there's only a small percentage of
the world that's in the position that
I'm in right now so I wake up every
single day thanking you guys and I might
not say enough cuz my vlogs are more
like you know unedited funny raw more
mature but I love you guys so i'ma leave
it at that a lot of people won't even
watch this whole video but if you do
just know that I love everything
everything about my life right now like
I've told my girlfriend I sat her down
and been like babe like from you to
YouTube to just everything in my life is
so much better from where it was last
year to where it is this year like it's
crazy
middle of 2015 till now has been the
best couple months of my life um you
know I've solidified my group of friends
I've known who's real and who's not I've
cut out the bad people in my life I
found a girl who I love and loves me I
found a job that I love doing and like
my shape up to be a career depending on
how like how big-time I get you know
I've found my permanent schedule with
school and basketball and just know that
like if you're at a point in your life
where you might think like Oh things are
going bad or like oh I hate this I hate
where I'm at in life just know that
honestly it's up to you like you can
make it better it's all in your head so
like I want you if this is gonna
motivate you please gonna inspire them
watch it over and over again but uh
that's my story that's how serious I
take YouTube and uh I hope you guys
enjoy my channel I hope you guys enjoy
who I am as a person I love you know
guys I forgot one last thing before I go
I think it's absolutely crazy for cuz I
know there's a lot of people who hate
for a fucking fun they try gonna respond
so they hate whatever they don't
actually believe it but I know there's
some people who actually hate and
actually have like a fire in their heart
against me for whatever fuck reason but
uh I just want to tell you guys that you
think you know me based on you know 10
to 20 minute vlogs of my day and I think
that's cute and funny because for the
people that are hating oh you're not
humble you're so cocky you're so mean
there's 24 hours in a day and you're
basing my life off I don't know 15
minutes of our vlog there's a law
a lot of things that go on off-camera
for example when I meet fans I want
every fan I've ever met whether it's
been at the mall whether you've came to
my house and I've came out from editing
or I've came out from helping somebody
and came out and met you guys I want
anyone I meant to comment if you've ever
had a bad experience meeting me comment
because I can't you there's gonna be
zero comments about that if you've loved
meeting me and thought I was really nice
and thought I did something generous
comics I guarantee there's gonna be a
lot of comments about that yeah I find
it crazy for the people that actually
hate but hey it's the Internet it's
YouTube you gotta expect that so on I
don't know but it's just because there
was a comment the other day oh it's so
much more crazy how rug is so much more
humble than you and I'm just like okay
you'd like you want to act like you know
me and rug as human beings when all you
do is watch his ten minute videos and my
15 minute videos about it I don't know
it's just crazy to me but anyways guys I
hope you enjoyed this click and there's
up like I said there's much much more I
could have said much more I could have
said but just know that I appreciate
each and every single one of you guys
you know I read all my comments I I
never take this program I keep doing
this for as long as I could and the
weights shaping out if I keep getting
bigger and bigger this could end up
being a career from you so I love you
guys all
