what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Pilates and today I'm here with my
best friend Dennis we are gonna prank my
parents my mom and my dad
look if you guys know me and daddies
we're best friends but we never argue we
never fight we're just like whatever
we're just chill with each other
so today the prank that we're gonna pull
my parents is that me and Dennis are
gonna start arguing just get into like a
fire bud you guys know me it's not a
provider's prank if it's something small
and simple you know I have to take it a
step further so after we do like a word
argument we're gonna get in each other's
faces and dennis is gonna knock me out
in front of my mom and dad I don't know
how I'm gonna react like I don't know if
my mom is gonna get mad at Denny's or my
mom's strong trust you know from
experience growing up my mom is very
strong I don't know if it was my mom
with a shoe come on something is strong
about my mom
and also my dad yeah out both out of
your position
like doing this in front of your okay
Oprah when you should practice
remembering everything I've ever done
since shave it up so you can really not
count
okay we're gonna punch you Dennis it's
not a real knockout roll what's the
point
Dennis anyways guys we're gonna be doing
all this in front of my pants we're
gonna see how they react hopefully this
works out as planned and hopefully they
don't kill me yeah we're ready for this
prank go yo what's good bro it's pink
but thank you mom so much yo it's good
roll
comfy bow uh-oh NFL playoffs okay guys
so I came down just to hide the camera
but the thing is both my parents are
downstairs so okay
just I need you to take them out yeah no
but what about my mom
cardi B I'm back hey imagine if I did
this prank with cardi B she would
actually knock me out guys
we gotta find a way to stall my parents
and so I could set the camera down we
could start this prank now my turn
mom I know you're gonna move up please
please please just checking out my pair
of shoes upstairs please I know you're
busy doing the dishes but please it's
tough not the Jordans they're the black
Nike Air Max City thank you
all right clear my mom is gone my dad's
gone Oh my dad left his phone with his
host text just joking mom when you watch
this you know what should I just say
screw this video and go play basketball
I can't believe there's actually people
playing basketball right outside my
house and I'm actually not playing
that's not all right okay guys so I just
texted tennis to bring my dad back
inside I'm just waiting on my mom to say
that she can't find the shoes because
they're not really here I just lied and
I feel bad I made her stop doing the
dishes
yeah at least I plan on you go on the
ice it is you're asleep I have to call
you 500 times
nobody's talking to you anymore
you're right keep talking like somebody
else you're 21 you're almost 21 have
some respect bro starting it
yeah I started exactly every day you
come to here
he asks fate your front of you guys I
think he's good like this every day
somebody's gonna stop I'm not one Jew
Marino he's talking
yeah
mom listen me and Dennis never argue we
did this in front of you guys it was
like hey WWE if you're looking for two
right here wait how are we actually cuz
my eyes were closed
what were you got what were they do wait
you hit Dennis no I was playing it off
good well well the argument felt so
weird cuz me and Dennis have literally
never argued don't I don't get why you
were talking to Dennis no it didn't
about why would you yeah I wouldn't talk
to someone who knocked you out no
there's no sound effect I just put my
hand under getting slapped by me slap
mom you know what I did like it took a
lot of years of acting and I took a lot
of drama classes but you know what I did
like I closed my eyes yeah damn I
thought when my parents started like
rushing Dennis and he was gonna stop but
I guess you kept trying it wait where's
Bosley don't tell me you guys left much
hey Dennis good luck have fun yo Bosley
you miss you bro Bosley your leg is a
chicken leg look right here is
chicken leg well guys that was crazy
that's all you didn't hit you didn't
stick up from your date hit him yeah I
know I know I know
I wish Brian will imagine if we got
Brian to imagine Brian laughs at me
shave Danny's good shit dad this is
crazy Jacksonville the underdogs about
to pull of upset Hey look my dad's
already back to normal calm watching the
game oh yeah sorry dad I had to put the
volume down so that we didn't get
copyright for the voice but here you can
watch the game back okay guys it's time
to close out today's video dad I'm sorry
for giving you a little bit extra stress
mom I'm sorry for giving you a lot of
exercise your will Dennis even when we
were practicing the fake punch upstairs
none of them came out as good as when we
did it here it was meant to be mom dad I
love you guys I'm sorry I'm sorry the
floor like that in the floor no imagine
how scared my mom is because when my mom
comes to a basketball game and I gain
like an argument with some of the
players my mom gets scared like no
Brandon stop stop and that's just an
argument so imagine her seeing me
getting punched and knocked out that was
probably my mom's father's gonna do so
much but you didn't find my earring axes
now guys I'm gonna close out today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed I've never
done something like this I pranked my
parents before but this was something
crazy I really do hope you guys enjoyed
drop a like on this video if you did
subscribe to this channel if you're new
please turn post notifications on you
see that Bell
turn it down because Bose would want you
to turn it on and I love you guys so
much
oh well mom would you like to do the
outro thank you you guys keep watching
the game
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right
