don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you okay what is going on
everybody Brandon here aka bro artist
and I want to apologize in advance for
my voice and honestly just my look
because I haven't felt this shitty in
years I straight up I feel like shit you
know headache stuffy nose runny nose
cough sore throat my nose is still
bruised I don't even know what's going
on but I'm gonna suck it up I'm making
this MBA video right now and I'm also
making a video on my main channel for
later today um guys this video today the
Golden State Warriors are not going into
San Antonio and beating the Spurs
they're not breaking the record I know I
made a video um a couple weeks back
about yes the Warriors will break the
record well let's just say that me being
crazy I didn't pick the Lakers and
Timberwolves as losses to Golden State
call me crazy but I picked the Warriors
one of the best scenes in NBA history to
beat the Minnesota Timberwolves and the
Los Angeles Lakers let me just give you
if you guys agree with me good the Spurs
are winning tonight if you don't agree
with me let me give you a few reasons
why first of all since 1997 the Golden
State Warriors have beat the Spurs in
San Antonio one time once that's
including last year including the
championship run they beat them one time
and thousands of playoffs in 2013 they
haven't beat them in the regular season
at all
that's 19 years in the regular season
they went to San Antonio year after year
after year after year at least one time
sometimes two times and lost they beat
them once in the playoffs in San Antonio
and that's a over the last 19 years
that's not counting the fact that
quietly this is the best first team in
San Antonio Spurs history
this is they've never won this many
games they've this is counting the days
of Bruce Bowen counting the days of when
they had Bruce Bowen
David Aldridge Tony Parker let's prime
Ginobili in his prime fucking the
Admiral this is counting those days to
Sean Elliott it's just like this team
you wouldn't know if you just watch the
ESPN and some because they don't speak
to highly on the Spurs it's more
warriors this Warriors that this San
Antonio Spurs team is one of the best
teams in NBA history so ok there's that
second the Golden State Warriors played
last night
it's a back-to-back for them no rest
they played on the road last night
traveled back to back it automatically
on the back-to-back no matter if you're
playing a good or bad team
it automatically kind of you have your
shaky legs and a rusty game let alone
against the Spurs like I said one of the
best teams in NBA history and the second
best team in the league today then you
factor in the fact that not only did the
Warriors play last night it would be a
different story if you know they played
and there were like comfortable lead and
they rested their starters in the fourth
no they were down 10 in the fourth they
had to put their starters in fight for a
comeback honestly guys they pulled a
rabbit out the fucking I don't know how
they came back and won that game there
were a few shaky calls but nonetheless
they won the game a win is a win they
came back they won by one point in
Memphis so they had to give their all at
the end of last night's game this is not
counting the fact also that the fucking
San Antonio Spurs are undefeated at home
undefeated at home you say the Warriors
are chasing a record of 73 and 9 well
how about the Spurs are trying to make
it to be the first team in NBA history
to go a full NBA season without losing
one time at home the best ever has been
40 and 140 wins and one loss at home
nobody has ever gone undefeated at home
that's counting the 72 in 10 Chicago
Bulls that's carrying the Warriors of
this season
nobody has ever gone 41 and O at home
after tonight the San Antonio Spurs play
OKC who are gonna be resting their
players because they already got the
third seat locked up so it's safe to say
they'll win that game at home this is
the only game that could risk the
Warriors break
or the Spurs losing the undefeated home
record let me tell you this you actually
believe that a San Antonio Spurs have
gone let's see six full months six
months playing at home
without a single loss they've played the
worries at home they beat them they
played the Cavaliers at home OKC Toronto
they played the best things at home
every single game this year and they've
won
you really believe with three days left
three days left in the whole entire
season that San Antonio Spurs are going
to give up what they've done up to this
day in the final three games the last
game that actually matters you really
think they're gonna win 39 straight at
home and then have the Warriors coming
to their home court in front of over
20,000 San Antonio Spurs fans and Bret
and the Warriors win game number 72
tying the record on their home court no
way there I just call me crazy if I'm
wrong I'm wrong I can't it do won't
happen it will not listen I know I'm
gonna get a bunch of idiots
oh but Popovich doesn't care about the
record he said he doesn't care listen
that you could cheat on your girlfriend
and look her straight in the face and
say oh I didn't cheat on your baby and
that wouldn't be a bigger lie than popov
it's saying I don't care I'm gonna rest
I don't care about this record we're
just gonna play our games that's a lie
this is one of the biggest names in
Gregg Popovich's career
it's the biggest regular season game in
Pop of its career playoffs no he's
played in NBA championship games game
sevens in the finals that's different
this is this is a tad the Spurs gotta
win this game you actually believe that
Golden State Warriors are gonna walk
into San Antonio off the back-to-back in
an undefeated building in front of
thousands and thousands and thousands
and dozens of thousands of San Antonio
Spurs fans and going there and break or
tie the record and break San Antonio's
home record with three days left in the
year I just don't see it happening
I'm not saying it's impossible there the
Warriors for the reason that the
defending NBA champions for a reason
they could do anything but I just don't
see it happening if you want me to
restate my points really quick I'll go
over them before I end this video and
this is no discredit to the Warriors
this is fucking they're gonna win game
number 72 after tonight they're gonna
beat the Grizzlies at home they're gonna
tie the record and honestly that might
be better for them than to follow this
whole hype of oh we broke the record I
think tying it now you can say you at
least accomplished something without
going over the top and they still don't
fill it saw like they're gonna win 71
they're gonna tie the record they played
last night on the road and they had to
make a large comeback so they weren't
arresting their players last night
traveling to San Antonio in an
undefeated building in front of
thousands of fans that they have not won
there they've won once in the last 19
years in San Antonio they've lost the
spreads already at home in San Antonio
just like a few weeks back curry had one
of his worst games on the whole year and
just like the Warriors are chasing a
record you have your San Antonio Spurs
chasing the record as well they're
trying to be the first team to ever go
undefeated at home call me crazy I could
be wrong I just don't see the bullshit
warriors beating the Spurs tonight
that's just me I'm not saying go put
your money on it I'm not saying you
better listen to me that's just me
Popovich you're a liar you care about
this record and we'll see what happens
I'm excited about this game
