wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta sit
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you
Oh guys I swear it in in the lead game
that we played it I got hit in the nose
and I swear it's like fucking or no like
guys I actually think something happened
to my nose to my in my league like I got
hit in the nose really hard and like at
the time it kind of hurt it didn't feel
like much but now I swear every time I
touch it it's like bruise or like Swan
I'm not saying it's broken it's
definitely Knox I would have felt it but
for sure something happened to it maybe
I don't know but the shit hurts
I sound like shit I lost my voice but
big just tell them what I tell them how
you woke me up I can't show my face but
she has morning wood I said what is that
guys I woke up my girlfriend's like what
is that on your shirt and she pointed to
the top of my shirt I didn't even I
hadn't even seen it self
oh my arm bleeding works babe look
huh she said what's on your shirt and in
my head I'm not putting a tampon in my
fucking she winded up here and I was
like um I was like did like like I don't
drool I was like it I just drooled with
my girlfriend in my bed and I look at it
it's fucking blood yeah guys if you
watch my reason I don't know how long
I'm not like if you watch my recent vlog
I knew something happened to my nose I
mentioned for like 20 seconds at the end
of my vlog is that I mentioned I was
like I mentioned I was like I got hey
first of all the rest didn't even call a
foul on this Dave
I got hit really hard would like someone
to race to the bat at the basketball
game and it felt like it hurt but like I
always try to think of like I never try
to think of the worst I'm always like oh
yeah it hurts but it's okay literally
like three or four days later I wake up
with this I knew it's been hurting ever
since like every time I would touch it
and like I haven't played basketball a
couple of times and if like I even got
it would hurt really bad but I don't
know what this means I don't even know I
don't know but I felt it hurt my
girlfriend told me something was
launched it'll go to a doctor she she
said she even heard my breathing change
but I don't know this is bad
oh my god it's it's literally 9:30 you
eating cotton candy guys I don't know
what I should do I don't know if I
should go to the doctor
because I wouldn't have been I wouldn't
go to the doctor if this was a regular
bloody nose but this obviously came from
someone hitting me in the face I don't
want to go because to me it like like I
said I always think of oh it's nothing
big but honestly if this happens this
happened days later like this came
randomly three or four days after I got
hit so might be a big deal no guys when
I woke up I actually got to see it
imagine you're in bed sleeping with your
girlfriend and and the first word you
hear is hey what is that on your shirt I
was like first of all to hide rule
because I don't usually drool I was like
of course the one time I drew all over
my shirt with my girlfriend then I was
like I don't know maybe like then when I
saw it I was like holy shit either
Michael Myers took a trip to my house
and literally or Freddy Krueger like
that or or my girl last time i
girlfriend was sitting on my face and
then she instantly got her period I
don't know like one of one of those
things went through my head and then it
turns out that it's coming from the same
exact place that I got hit during my
game guys literally I woke up like this
literally big give me oh my god guys
guys wants to see me put a tampon in my
nose
what is this a sperm cell they cute look
what did you use this one No
guys look I'm gonna wipe my nose with a
Donald Trump look Trump you want to
clean my nose blood yeah guys if this
was just a regular nosebleed I wouldn't
care but I want to know what caused it
because I know I got hate so first of
all I want to know why this didn't
happen like til days later a second I
want to know when this massacre occurred
I'm not because this blood is dried and
this blood is like fresh okay guys let's
take a tampon up my nose then you know
it's like like there's actor the first
time I've ever seen one
okay guys guys I think this is literally
a sperm cell but bigger I got shot in
the face guys really did it you told to
do it look this is relationshipgoals
have a boyfriend who's knows enough as
bait to fit a big who's nose be enough
oh you're full of whose boob for food
whose nose is big enough to fit a tampon
and then have a girl who's gonna find
you tampons at 9:30 in the morning Brian
look
I like tampon up my nose okay I know how
the shit work on now Bosley cares about
me took blood for you to care about me
guys I tweeted out a picture of my nose
it's saying how I woke up like that some
people were like oh it's because of the
heat it was probably hot at night it
wasn't even that hot last night it
wasn't even like it was just like a
normal night um I'm telling you if I
thought it was just like a normal nose
bleed I wouldn't like I wouldn't be
worried but I'm telling you something
I mean even my breathing has been
affected like I don't know I've been
like gods and let me tell you another
weird part okay at like 6:00 in the
morning you know guys like when you wake
up and you have the morning wood and
then you wait for it to finally go down
you go take your morning piss I did that
I went like in the bathroom I there was
nothing on my shirt I just went went pee
and went back to bed I was at like 6:00
in the morning like and nothing there's
nothing so it must have happened between
that time either on 6 the morning I go
got really horny and hopped on my face
and instantly got her period and she
doesn't want to tell me or no just let
it happen but let's go show my mom my
shirt
she's probably nothing into prank cons
of being a youtuber your mom thinks
everything is a prank
yeah mom look at my shirt how I woke up
blood from my nose why I told you I got
hit when I played my game and I knew it
was that I didn't think yeah I swear no
but I didn't wide like I I guess this
was in my sleep I woke up like this
like guys so as I was getting myself
ready to go to the doctor's to go to the
urgent care to find out why the hell my
nose is bleeding after getting hit days
ago you know I looked myself in the
mirror and I said I had plans today I
had plans to go shoot around out the gym
play basketball I had plans to work out
my chest and triceps that I haven't
worked out in six days I had big plans
and you know I'm a man who goes after my
dreams so there's going to be a doctor's
appointment today there's gonna be the
gym just I got original plan there's
gonna be basketball there's gonna be a
workout and there's gonna be breakfast
for my girlfriend
back on my favorite pillow oh no I think
I'm wearing the same shirt from that
thumbnail guys don't make fun of me but
yeah we're going to breakfast babe where
do you want to go hey I want a country
pillow not a shaking pillow hey you look
good though babe I'm telling you some
like you woke up at like 6:00 in the
morning and decided to sit on my face
and then yeah it was all over my shirt
and I don't know guys
just like guys got the morning wood what
if girls get the morning fucking horny
okay guys so yeah I'm not going to
adults already made up my mind
and we're going to breakfast and after
that I'm going to the gym how do you
sleep guys we're going to Denny's guys
this is the number one row of Denny's
you have to dress scrubby like like at
Denny's if you dress nice they probably
won't let you in you you have to dress
like just like shin and they'll let you
go to Denny's Oh hold on Brian I get it
oil wipe
oh but this is only reason I keep
running around as my brother India now
they're trying to force me to go to the
doctor yeah
not just for my nose I haven't had a
year I haven't had a yearly checkup in
three years
doctor touched my booboo it's people
that got a thing it's actually about boy
or chicken you just yes do eggs are one
yeah the I have somebody standing right
here to check my babua I don't need to
talk yeah guys they said I have my mom
to live with the doctors in three years
and I'm supposed to go every year I'm
healthy it's like I eat a lot of fast
food or anything okay I can make you
healthy food now eggs we're gonna go eat
Denny's is healthy they use pure oil no
no I need to get a yearly check out guys
we'll go to the doctor I'll get my
breathing check
you'll touch my babua again you can
touch it joining to make it open I don't
need an appointment for that guys no but
seriously the perks of having a huge ass
to care nose like the Froot Loops
toucan like this when you have a noble
you don't even have to waste toilet
paper I see people go toilet paper after
12:00 paper out the toilet paper roll
after roll I just take a tampon in their
final around the house and just fucking
you're good saves money and save the
environment just make sure you got a big
nose guys look what I just found when I
used to work at this grocery store last
year and my manager would get off work
because I would work late night and the
manager didn't work too late so every
time he would get off I would change my
name badge to this i was the eric
bledsoe of hagen grocery store and my
manager never knew so boss if you're
watching this Billy I'm sorry but this
is my name tag I just want to give a
really big fuck you to the Houston
Rockets because as you guys all know
right now I want the sons to obviously
be losing their games so they're playing
at Houston okay they played in Houston
against the Rockets where the Rockets
desperately needed a win they
desperately needed a victory they're
playing the third worst team then be at
home you know they're one game out of
the playoffs they need the win they
fucking lose to the sons Houston Rockets
fuck you
you cannot beat the sons this one time
every year I die for the son should be
the Rockets and James Harden always
killed us and the one time I want the
son
you say fucking going to Houston and win
guys for some reason Jackie thinks she's
allowed to pay when we go out to eat I
literally have to steal her wallet and
hide it in my car so that she doesn't
try to pay when we go out to eat I'm a
gentleman I got you babe unless you go
over the five dollar limit you if you go
over five dollars on food you take that
back
hey kids eat free on Saturdays let's
have a baby
red white and pig babe flog each other
vlog I'm Bosley guys I live in my
girlfriend to the two or four dollar
menu baby if you go to the six or a then
you're getting the wallet from my car
and I'm just joking baby yeah whatever
you yes I am can I get guys I'm
practicing being a server for when my
youtube channel gets shut down for being
too dumb
just for being overall stupid okay I
started with oh what can I get so dumb
juice man yeah ah now for the food and
we ready to order
are you ready to order sir let me know
in truth let me know when you're ready
guys honestly though I would be a good
server I'm serious
you have to be nice like oh my god oh is
that one of my nuts okay man were you
ready to order now
it's not common it's okay what would you
like okay fine would you like okay fine
fine fine
oh we're ready to the board oh yeah babe
just tell me you're going
how would you like your eggs grand-slam
so please okay fine spitting in her food
in the back hold on I have that sausage
Abby why are you laughing
I'm telling you no but I asked it's my
job I get paid to ask how would you like
your head
scrambled and how huge like bacon
sausage white toast windows would you
like to add a pata school yeah babe okay
see you guys how you get your foots get
on in the back when you order like my
girlfriend and you got about the server
space hey don't it's a shop smart my
food my girlfriend's food babe you have
a mole on your hash brown oh my neck I
know I feel like you feel a mic on good
guys Jackie said Devin Booker was not
the greatest okay of all time so I
kicked her out I said would you say I
looked at her like I said I said Devin
Booker is not lunch
says he's not the greatest witty of all
time I said out I gave her the boot god
I didn't even let her finish your
pancakes either I said would you say get
out get up go I said go go to the garage
wait she's back she apologized I don't
kick around anymore then you come back
oh no you said Devin Booker wasn't the
greatest player of all times I kicked
you out yeah gosh how do you make up all
these lies it's not a lie I'm just
joking you into the bathroom but you
could believe my story too maybe on EDX
guys my socks are faded as fuck my socks
are so faded it's like they took three
bottles of heading to the face faded six
shots of fucking gray goose faded look
at this look how faded
Bosley Bosley I'm gonna put you in the
garage guys honestly like I really do
feel like shit really quick I I woke up
losing my voice I'm not sure if it's a
sore throat I'm losing my voice
obviously you guys saw the nose bleed
which was not due to the hot weather it
was not due to just her I don't get
random nosebleeds I got hit in the nose
I told you guys in the previous vlog and
I knew it her I just don't understand
how the blood came so late or I'm not
sure what it was honestly but that was
weird
and now my nose like like that I have a
headache which is the usual I've been
getting headaches recently like I don't
know like crazy I've been getting them
every day for like the past month I
already know that's from all the editing
I don't know my body just feels fucking
store I need to wake up out of this I
need you snap out of it anyways it's
time to go to the gym I'm a fucking
idiot
it's time to go to the gym my girlfriend
just left I'm meeting up with Ollie and
Jordan we're all going to the gym we're
about to work out chest and triceps
maybe shoot around a little but now it's
gonna be playing any games tonight but
but but to end this vlog I tell guys how
much I love you guys because bro watch
squad is the best squad shoutout my boy
ollie shoutout brah oh wow this squad
ollie
I love you Jordan I love you I'm about
to see you guys at the gym all you guys
I love you
