don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta say
though if you add a twin I would still
choose you guys listen to this phone
call and I'll explain the situation hi
can I place the order for a pickup
please can I do to chicken and steak
plates
yeah that's gonna be Rocky
it's a b ra ck ck IE okay guys so for my
order for Brockie is ready let me tell
you the situation so I'm on break from
school right now it's like 12 o'clock
actually it's like 12:30 and I gotta go
back around 2:00 but my vlog that's
supposed to be uploaded today I have not
edited it I have not edited it yet I
haven't fuckin edited how the fuck you
say that word I haven't it usually when
I go to school I have my vlog ready
before school so I can just up like it's
just up while I'm in school but and you
guys saw here I was at school trying to
edit during my break
maybe I like your hood now you're the
definition of a princess but I'm just
gonna focus so I came back home and I
was also trying to edit before school so
I don't have time to eat breakfast it's
almost 1 p.m. and I still have an 8 so
Jackie being the best girlfriend in the
world the most perfect girl that like my
imagination can even create is going to
go pick food up for me and she's gonna
bring it to my house so while I'm
editing she's out getting me food but I
also also place the order for her too so
yeah I tried to edit at school during my
breaks I didn't want to come all the way
back home but that just wasn't working
out yeah I'm about to go end of my vlog
so I can upload it for you guys while
I'm recording a vlog for today that
makes sense so the vlog that I'm like
that I'm stressing about is yesterday's
vlog Wednesday April 6th me having class
at that time messed me up so I just
finished class and on my break and now
it's April 7th and I'm starting my vlog
for today so let's get it started
my god my dad's actually cleaning
O'Brien's doing the shower turn up in
the shower guys this is insane look yeah
the rain isn't bad but when you put into
perspective that last I was one of the
hottest nights like last night I was
literally sweating
I was sleeping without my shirt I
couldn't even cover with the blanket
cause it was so hot I wake up look out
the window to see how hot it is it's
literally raining it like if that does
excellent San Diego weather perfectly I
don't know what will
hey Bosley you could eat don't be camera
shy anyway this is time to edit my vlog
so I can upload it for you guys and I'll
pick this lock I'll pick up this one
after I edit today's upload oh the
slapper is a slapper when I wake up I
can just imagine buying in the shower
holding on to the showerhead like it's a
fucking microphone and singing into it
dancing naked with the fucking loafer
like this
okay time to head in my fucking video
Jackie
guys honestly how thoughtful is Jackie
like not th ot ful but thoughtful as in
like caring like she realized that I had
an eight today so she was like oh babe
you can go edit I'll bring you food so
what I did was I also placed her in
order she didn't know she thought she
was just taking me food but oh well she
also doesn't know that I said the name
was brackish so she's gonna be like what
the fuck is bracket hello yeah you're
already here oh my gosh okay babe I'm
coming down oh actually okay it looks
way nicer on you than Brian babe it
actually looks Brian can you give it to
her what did you say
okay yeah I go chairs and shove my foot
up his ass
my mom's not weighing Jackie said she
understood our language and my mom said
kill that bitch dad why would you say
okay you're so saying he's no saint go
guys Brian said if he actually wipes his
ass after we shake you would use this
look Brian look my brother said it's one
ply it
it's literally point zero one ply look
at this weight really this is all right
it's like oh it's nice it's literally I
don't think so that's a myth the myth
Amanda legend that's me
they how do you eat an orange like this
baby yes yes for fruit na yo I know I
said can she get through and I'll get
veggies they literally put half of
orange cuz I just was hitting my vlog
while I was editing my vlog and Jackie
said she was gonna take a nap in my bed
first of all it's ain't your house but
I'm joking let's go see her she's so
cute when she sleeps
my face literally turns into the heart
emojis whenever I see her sleeve she's
so cute so beautiful Bosley did you see
that it actually looks like him except
this dog is happy I'm Bosley's never
been happy one day in his life
except when he gets chicken and his food
Bosley are you looking for a Jackie
where is she where's Jackie
but he's Jackie no she's over here no no
no Bosley she's in here come here
Jackie's over here she's in there you
want to go by Jackie come on no she's
over here she's over here you'll never
understand how it feels to have a dog
who's attracted to your girlfriend bad
enough my brother now my dog I'm fine
okay
he literally sat and gave me a high-five
to go see my girlfriend he only does
that for food Bosley she's over here
babe Osley is literally waiting for you
Bosley Bosley come guys oh my gosh he
actually came MTV true life my dog is
attracted to my girlfriend all these
games holly has a man's league game he's
picking me and Jordan up right now we're
gonna go support him yeah they laugh at
me when I vlog me and Jordan over the
lighting hold on all right here mommy
shot
guys on our way to all these game
this is playoffs first game of the
playoffs
I'll leave nervous I can tell you drives
like kids
I got the Minute Maid with watermelon
flavor great source of carbohydrates
we're gonna go cheer all the in all the
extra bonus abortion abroad no basis dig
so yeah this is Klaus and boli Lucas
he's done and
I'm gonna take everything you're gonna
take care of the first time brand is
coming out so my game yeah Jordan comes
every single week Brandon you know he's
busy take care y'all yeah it's raining
hard actually Holly let me know if you
guys need a sub I'll come in with these
guys six more days next Wednesday
tell us what happens six more days tell
my vegan challenge is over vegan DJ
Khaled inspired me I know we did the 22
day vegan challenge know me know me at
all
like straight tell them what you eat I
just see like tofu I threw all a with so
freitas fruits vegetables that old
veggie burgers the cub I think Jordan
and tell them what we've noticed about
all the in this vegan diet look you need
to eat meat
lima bean he's none he's not the same
person like he like sometimes I just
catch him sitting down not talking to
anyone massive headaches and like just
just like temper tantrums out of nowhere
start laughing out of nowhere
haha the point he's gone 16 days without
any meat tell you've lost what like
almond pound pounds yeah so and we're
counting down six more days before 6
more days before this diet is bullshit
and we're taking the jacket we're taking
jack-in-the-box getting chicken cheese
dr. pepper fries oh he tacos - taco
we're going all out but yeah al he's
actually done it 16 days know me I'm not
sure if eat cheese behind our back I'm
pretty sure he does but for what we know
prediction time
Ollie's going off right now
they're right here
Holly again again
Derek Fisher look they're fishing
I swear Muhammad Victor yeah I'll be
going off
brah oh why this
come on Shaq Shaq from the line he's
shacking the post but he's also Shaq in
the lung shout out shout out
like this no more
ball is life no you take the hell're w
4.10 is your rear-view me you know I
don't know my god oh there I am
oli how did this break what did you
girls okay you guys so Friday morning
right now I'm about to go to go get a
burrito from the taco shop and then go
to the gym how contradicting is that but
uh yeah go get me a burrito for
breakfast or breakfast burrito mmm ham
egg cheese potato sour cream and then
I'm gonna go to the gym with Ollie and
Jordan all he ended up losing his game
but it's all good he's still extremely
talented player and he's still playing
in another league so he lost this one
but he still has another league I think
it's on either Monday or Tuesday but I'm
sorry I'm about to go to the gym with
all the in Jordan I really hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog guys we're creeping up
on half a million subscribers
just this morning I have 460 K so like
I'm scared I don't even want to check
the subscriber count anymore because
it's going up so fast and it's just like
I just don't know how to react like me
about a five five hundred thousand like
father I I came and say it five hundred
thousand people are so like I don't know
when I'm gonna hit it it could be in a
couple weeks it could be next month it
could be by the end of this month I
don't know but just a simple fact that I
don't know guys I'm telling you the rate
that every time I check my subscriber
count goes up it like it just makes me
want to work so much harder for my
videos like it makes you want to please
you guys even more it makes you want to
entertain you guys even more and like
this oh my god like I don't know I just
feel like I don't say it enough how much
I actually appreciate everybody who not
only subscribe if you don't subscribe
that's fine keep watching my videos even
if you don't subscribe and I guarantee
you I'll entertain you enough to the
point where I will force you to
subscribe just with my content so I
don't know guys this actually means so
much once I do hit it I don't even know
what I'm
do but I see the cow going up every day
like I'm at 460 right now and it's
creeping up guys I don't even want to
talk about it cuz of how like how I know
it's just so much emotion like I don't
know how to react but we'll see and
again I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
but watch squad easily the best squad on
YouTube easily I love you guys all
headache sore throat literally guys know
okay headache is normal I get a headache
too all the time
snort throw I haven't had in like months
and months this shit feels terrible I
don't know why but I don't think it's a
sort or actually I think I just like
it's just this morning I don't know
Brian where you going who you in
Lawrence no invite for a bro body's no
invite where was the invite at no invite
guys I actually think something happened
to my nose okay you can't see because of
the lighting but to my in my league like
I got hit in the nose really hard and
like at the time it kinda hurt it didn't
feel like much but now I swear every
time I touch it it's like bruise or like
so on I'm not saying it's broken it's
definitely not cuz I would have felt it
but for sure something happened to it
maybe I don't know but the shit hurts
and I can't afford to have my nose
swollen do you see how big it is already
