way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let it swing I
would still choose you guys for the
first time ever Bosley's on my bed
Bosley
do you like it he didn't want to get off
guys I took so many pictures because
it's such a miracle
hey you like the view Bosley fine you
should play basketball and have him
watch you possibly you like my bed yeah
guys he sheds a long he always has a
bunch of eye boogers and he always goes
and snot comes out so I never really
want him on my bed but today I was like
ah what the hey
and I put him on and he actually liked
it go to sleep I'll even sleep on my bed
I wouldn't do that if I were you because
of all the stains but you could do it
guys look this motherfucker won't get
off watch he is actually in love with my
bed I feel bad for him you don't know
what goes on on this bed Bosley hey
let's get off the bed let's go hey no
horn Obama tell them how rare it is that
he's on my bed never never ever guys
Bosley is not getting off the bed Brian
try to take him off oh listen
no not my bill it on my pillow not on my
pillow fuzzy no well this hey Leslie
ah look it's a miracle everyone's in
here to see ballsy's actually on my bed
Bosley who's playing basketball is that
Steph raagh are you watching Brian play
ball yeah how many did he make he went
like one for 20 huh guys let me tell you
about the devil alley on my left
shoulder and the angel Jordan on my
right so you have the devil look they're
both text me right now you got ollie on
my left shoulder saying bro you don't
need to live let's just go play
basketball muscles bullshit you can
basketball is fun let's do what is
what's fun you know and you got Jordan
on the right shoulder bro basketball
just makes you lose weight it makes you
it's fun but you're not gonna build any
muscle you're not gonna have that nice
body then you go all these saying fuck
the nice body we're hot how we are
Bosley got all these saying we don't
need muscle we're hot men how we are you
got you got pretty much you got all he
taught me to do what I like but it's not
the best because I play so much math on
I lose so much weight when I'm trying to
put on weight and then you got Jordan
telling me to do what's better which is
lifting but that's really boring whereas
basketball super fun so I got to make my
decision like going back and forth you
got Ollie no fuck lifting we don't need
muscles bullshit ball ball and then you
got Jordan saying fuck basketball makes
you lose weight it's too much cardio
like that
let's lift what did we just finish
playing oh tell them what we went the
record ah 707 and oh that's on our best
our best was nine and on in one day yeah
you went seven uh no though I told you
there's the angel here's the devil but I
listened to both of them you got the
devil we already played ball and now the
angel has us both lifting gorillas oh my
gosh shout out shout out to the front of
widest Jordan oh hey guys I just got
back from the gym and I brought some
food it's actually downstairs let me go
show you I brought food for me and
Jackie but look this is actually kind of
healthy landing it with a chicken doner
whatever that's called I know with
garlic sauce this is Jackie's I brought
her food she just came to pick it up
Jackie's not staying though because I
have I didn't shower after the gym
I smell really bad I smell like shit
like sweat so she's just picking up her
food and then she's going my girlfriend
actually scared of me like I'm a monster
just listen
they've come come here oh right I'm not
ad walking disease I smell like sweat
it's normal okay baby that's wet oh okay
you smell bad everyday yeah I just want
he's so sweaty that even his socks are
full of sweat okay I was at the gym for
three hours we want me to do come home
smelling like daisies yeah
listen guys sorry she's laughing at how
I'm sitting okay so I got Jackie food
but we can't eat it together because I
haven't like showered or got ready dad I
smell really bad my dad smells worse and
he didn't go to the gym like my dad
smells worse out of the shower he played
yesterday so yeah uh Jackie just came to
pick up her food and then she's going
back home while we get ready and then
we're gonna hang out tonight okay you
hang out with Bosley he smells worse
than me they get the fuck out of my
house I'm serious get out of my house
don't touch it don't touch me
hey dad don't say what fuck and my blog
people complaining guys what's this bar
in Brian's vlog look wait you know buddy
times thank you that one back doing
business my guys that's how you dress to
do business like my dad yeah let me see
the shoes let me see the dress shoes and
Gilbert say what's up Gilbert's back
Bosley mom hey where are the shorts no
you were just wearing them upstairs I
swear how fresh is my outfit Wow
something how fresh two days old guys
right now I'm gonna go meet up with
Ollie just to catch up on life we didn't
get to talk too much at the gym because
we were actually putting in work today
playing bass I'm working out so we're
gonna go talk just for like 30 minutes
and I'm gonna see his parents for like
the first time in a few months so I took
my earrings out covered tattoo
about a bit of put a belt on I'm
actually dressed you know I'm respectful
around parents dad isn't that right okay
and also I'm also a dressed like this
because I'm going out with Jackie later
like we're actually going out me Jackie
Lawrence Brian and some friends I'm not
sure where we're going to go yet but
we're gonna actually go out and Jackie's
dressing
Jackie's dressing up she wants me to
match her I don't know she's wearing
something gray or white she said with
her gray boots so she wanted me to wear
this outfit and me being a good
boyfriend but now let's go time to go
see ollie Bosley I'm gonna go see Ollie
you want to see him say shout out to the
bra owada squad that's Ollie Oh guys
check these bad boys out fresh out the
box size 12 I swear my feet are growing
look at these I feel like these are so
fresh and I feel like they match
perfectly with this outfit by the way
guys meeting the parents pure respect
going out with Jackie and my friends
later tonight you got to put the
earrings the fake gold shanks I'm a fake
person sag the pants a little bit not
too much but yeah let's throw these on
right now broken by remove like so many
things just want you to say I hate you
mom death will save us anything about
that you I wish they don't I wish didn't
think about it he said she like like
he'll have a wide open three and for
some reason I don't know they're like a
devil on his shoulder somebody just take
one foot on the line and take a shot or
he'll have like Booker who's a
three-point shooter wide open for three
and he'll like like he just he's an
idiot for someone who he shoots like 40
percents oh you know yeah I'm just 20
points a game he's 11 okay watch the
game then you'll see what I'm fine mom
don't just look at the static I don't I
can't stand it if he's on the team next
I won't watch anything's I swear on it
I won't watch any games any of them the
Suns are gonna have like a really high
pickers of how bad they are and then
they got Washington's picked for
Markieff Morris and they also have
Cleveland state so that's three
first-round picks guys I love this new
song by Drake it's called one dance
okay Loki the only reason I like is do
you hear the beat listen it's literally
impossible for a jacket to hear that and
not work on me so that's a big reason
why I love it and also because it's such
a good song obviously this guy's tell me
that doesn't sound exactly like future
it sounds exactly like future today I
saw this tweet saying that this song was
like some like top charts over any
future single and I was like yeah that's
because everybody thinks it's fucking
future they sound just alike but anyways
I'm on my way to pick up Jackie right
now and we're gonna meet up with Bryan
and Lawrence and a couple of our friends
my camera is about to die and I've been
vlogging like from the morning I haven't
charged it or anything so that's my
fault I'm gonna try to see how much
footage I can get from that but honestly
I apologize if it dies on me I hope it
doesn't but if it does look before I go
to pick her up i watch the bond to get
me a potato salad and it fits exactly
that Jackie's rocks are by the way I
don't drink energy drinks that shit's so
bad for you but um my potato salad fits
right in my cupola so I can just eat it
like this
primary potato oh shit
potato O'Shea's a red light now's my
chance to open my sandwich I've been
driving I've been trying to open my
sandwich but all the lights I've been
green don't turn green yet no but one
time that I don't want the light to turn
green punk who the hell tied the
sandwich fuck you want
guys I'm starving I was with at Ali's
house with his parents and they kept
offering me food but I was kind of shy
so I literally went to Vaughn fucking
fuck now I can't do this well no the
whole sandwich is like squashed
oh well huh
Turkey
I'm coming babe I'm coming for you babe
guys there should be Guinness world
record for how much potato salad you
could eat while driving because this is
actually so hard look don't try this at
home or in your car no yeah I still up
my seatbelt
guiding it on my clothes it's so hard at
all the times when I've been so close oh
well done anymore
yeah I am sheets on my C bottle having a
pee oh babe can we go to the gentleman
club Goldfinger's gentlemen's club
that's where my dad goes when he tells
my mommy's at work rug rug look right
there work you can read it playing babe
why do you like arguing look Ashley that
was like last week why you has to bring
it up say it the other ho
Devin Booker the hell you cheated on me
with but I'm cool with it cuz it's Devon
Booker into the vlog sup vlog vlog vlog
say that why Lauren say what zero so if
you take you guys blog I love you guys
Dave vlog say V Jackie sounds long when
I say I'm going to Vaughn's yes I'm
going to say Bob guys they're making fun
of my girlfriends accents to me super
cuddly hey stay Bosley bother my guys
work on your English fix what do I need
to work on vlog guys look at the time
babe it's like 12:30 oh no it's oh that
shit's wrong it's like 1:30 actually
it's 106 can you guys read that it's
upside down and we're going on a
McDonald's run okay hey what do you want
I want ten pieces chicken nuggets I'm
gonna smell fries with ranch
I want a mic I mix double would you like
a fucking house with that too
I'm just joking guys we're getting food
oh did she really just say she's going
to give me a bit guys you don't know we
already have to like pause at 10 guys no
this way this is later in the vlog this
is like 17 17 30
no this is just 1738 here she says
you're to get my baby come on drink
until the level full and fire one bottle
cookies um come on Tara got Ricky ready
and turn right on and run I'm coming
inside um well um I'm can I got cured
you think I'm joking
okay helping me 23 seven months we go
thank you
$23 for fake fucking unhealthy they make
the minutes babe they make it fake guys
we got food for me Brian Laurens and
Jackie holy shit was it's awesome did
little on what we're doing here and we
asked I'm on a diet
you have school tomorrow that's is the
one essay on class in class tomorrow
but what time are you going to China
after that like eight what or nine she
has to go to squat eight or nine I have
my first class early and we're out
hauling around that fucking past one man
around here
would you guys I'm not even wearing
shoes look ratchet that's ratchet eyes
if you match your socks with you she
thinks it's bad luck if you match
yourself that's not enough if you match
your socks bad thing Oh manga I can't
even see bad things will happen to you
like if I'm if I'm kidding and say your
ally who'll be like he'll roast me for
20 minutes straight
yeah and there's many minutes she'll
send me a booty pic and be like oh
actually you're so hot and I'm just like
okay
that's it why is you cheating so long
guys we actually ordered 20 pieces of
menus we actually ordered $23 ok guys
thanks for watching my boyfriend's my
boyfriend's guys let's take god yeah
fuck fuck McDonald's we should went to
any now it would have been real food and
quicker than this anyway guys yeah they
have a grill in the back they only have
microwaves at McDonald's and I don't
it's really late it's really really late
we have school tomorrow and I gotta go
back to my house and eat this fucking
fake-ass food fake-ass Jackie it's
literally as fake as my girlfriend 11
cents for a sauce fuck McDonald's I know
I'm sorry real quick no let me give you
one sauce
yeah Lawrence when are you leaving my
house no no I have school tomorrow
woo yeah I'm a friar Bosley stop
watching us like that Bosley's literally
four-foot Bosley's like five foot two
Bosley guys I just woke up I'm about to
side to me what's wrong and get ready
for school
but huh look at how weird San Diego
weather is it was literally find there's
a mosquito on over your door please or
whatever that is actually let me take
this over probably on my Yugi to kill
the mosquito what are you do I kill the
mosquito stop
oh my god oh my god why in my room oh
where did it go guys last night it was
so hot I had to sleep I didn't even
covered in the blanket and out it was
like super hard to sleep I wake up it's
raining I know what weather that is yeah
guys I just want to show you how bipolar
the weather in San Diego is one of the
hottest nights one of the hottest nights
I swear me and my girlfriend like we're
dying we can even fall asleep wake up
open and it's like raining but yeah guys
I'm gonna start editing my volume go get
ready for school I hope everybody has a
great Thursday because my Thursday is
already great and it's only it's only
8:35 and I already have a great Thursday
so I hope everybody does the same I'm
out guys I love you guys all
yeah guys I don't have school for
another like hour and a half or two
which already know I had to wake up
extra early so I can get this vlog done
for you guys it's such a struggle trying
to walk around my school schedule and
editing the vlogs on the same days but I
make it work for you guys um guys I
swear it in in the league game that we
played it I got hit in the nose and I
swear it's like fucking I don't know
like bruise or something but Bryan
imagine if I can't afford my nose get my
nose already so big and identificatory
got hit during the game like yeah like
with a wrist right to my nose and they
didn't call foul the rest hate me
because I led the league in technical
fouls last year but um yeah anyways me
and Bryan really hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog my speakers up to 80 something
days since January 24th so that's two
months and almost two weeks of a video
every single day some double uploads
maybe even some triple uploads and uh I
will hope you guys enjoy today's vlog
for wat squad I'm out I love you guys
all its imma go get ready for school
guys I'm so mad and sorry I couldn't
finish editing my vlog before my class
starts I'm on my way to school right now
I had a little bit left to edit but I
just couldn't finish in time so now I
got to go to class but I promise you
guys on my break I'm racing back home
finishing the vlog and then going back
to school for you guys so I promise you
guys that so while you guys are watching
this while you're already gonna have
known that it's going to be a sort of a
later vlog uploaded later than my other
ones but at least now you know why every
time on my school days I always try to
finish my vlogs before class but
sometimes they're just too long and I
just run out of time
got that fit on my laptop like this I
was walking like this because it's it's
raining so morning guys now it's
wandering or money we do we get stuck in
the elevator softly f6 guys it was so
hot last night and now look
