wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though
if you let it win I would still choose
you where you going
the zoo with Kaitlyn onna d ah yes it is
somewhat I'm gonna take it to the
gorilla attraction take her behind the
cave and mmm or maybe in the lion one in
the lie on Oh send me snapchat of the
lion and the snake no I have to edit
this video guys I just got back from my
first class I have to edit the video on
my break and then go back to my second
class and today I have my first league
game barn you know what Jackie said
o'clock yeah she said Jackie said she's
gonna come to my game and right go bruh
walks on her ass
hello so she's gonna be on the stands
like oh fuck Brian
Wei Brian where's the GoPro yeah no I've
been looking for ha why do you need it
so I can record the game guys I'm still
trying to look for the GoPro so I can
record my game for you guys I have no
idea where it is I was looking last
night couldn't find out trying to look
this morning and I couldn't find it I'm
gonna look harder because I'm telling
you guys once the shoes go on and the
Jordan compression tights go on and the
jersey goes on literally I'm Devin
Booker literally last rounds Eric
Bledsoe cuz Devin Booker was still in
college but this year I am Devin Booker
just got the text from the basketball
league director it says to Devin
Booker's team manager cuz that's my team
name the Devin Booker's you will be
playing on court for at 9:00 p.m. don't
forget to bring jerseys so yes I'm
excited for our first game and brother
why don't you come watch me I want to
right bruh Wallace on your ass you're
gonna watch me play my game alright I
barely got two more people to agree to
play so we got five people which means
how many people play on a basketball
court on your team five so we got no
rest we got to play the whole game
there's no subs on the bench
there's no players to sub out it's us
five for the whole game
a problem that like I said I'm not
trying to be cocky but I can play the
whole game actually as a matter of fact
I would rather play the whole game you I
don't know how some of the other people
are gonna react to that but we only got
five people and we got to play with five
no rest no breaks we're playing from
minute one to minute forty the whole
game
gotta watch some of this oh the dunk
I knew it watch and you gotta watch some
of this Papa Roach just came home dad I
have my first game today at the league
yes dad just tell me if we're gonna win
or lose cuz you're always right with
your predictions
my dad said we're gonna lose what did
you just eat what did you hear
yeah but you haven't ate a meal yet
another wise one little brother buy
another one another one
no guys oh yeah that and what also did
we miss that woman's the father is
opening day 3 we miss history being made
tell them how they made history um 15
nothing they large 50 losing 15 nothing
the worst blowout in whatever the hell
opening day history blowout major league
Padre baseball oh no Mike Piazza guys
yesterday Jackie went to the gym we both
worked out legs babe how do your legs
feel I she literally had to crawl up the
stairs
like noodles like jello okay wait oh
babe let's see other flowers are you
from this look at night eyelid I said my
nose is so big I smelled up from all the
way down series all massage your softer
don't worry guys get yourself a girl who
massages your legs before your
basketball game okay babe that wasn't
even your hand what do you hold it I was
a damn chair Go Go guys you know when
you're walking behind a really really
old person but it's only like a one-way
so you can't pass them this is me -
Jackie oh my god the video they've come
I did come early babe look I left the
top long let's go
wait booty-ful what Jackie is beautiful
beautiful I mean I'm 24 booty boom
dad you have company at the door look at
the door
yeah fugly you want to go by my dad you
want me to open the door okay nobody
you're gonna sleep whoa you're gonna you
don't have life insurance life alert
Bosley needs life alert before he goes
out there you're getting old Bosley
Bosley turns three next months which is
like 300 and dog ears who gave you a
license who gave you your driver's
license I said who is this oh we say say
your shout-out on camera the famous one
guys babe tell him tell them the only
thing I've done as you do for like the
past
I don't know why I'm in this young thug
phase but and I even downloaded some of
his old songs I've been listening to
those I literally feel like I literally
feel like I'm young Doug himself now
baby I'm gonna get my septum pierced I
am a young thug now would you still a
day me guys how am I supposed to take
him look she's trying to date you trying
to get a picture Instagram picture while
I'm driving my okay babe whose fault is
this who pranked me and forced me to
throw my phone yeah but my phone case
wasn't literally r.i.p oh oh I don't
trust you I saw the tongue emoji good
the tongue of much made me want to rip
my own tongue out God listen this is a
lot of time you'll be seeing this phone
case cuz I'm gonna buy a new phone case
come here noodle head I didn't say that
no I called her Engel head my dad moving
his car so I can warm up before my game
so cute Oh Junior yeah hey by three
Bosley no don't tell him ah tell me the
truth about your cousin uh five not even
though he looks like you fuck - he said
you look like you're five - I'm 411
thank you know you really 411 I was four
foot eleven when I was 16 years old just
in case anyone
bring it this is going to be me at the
game tonight
way about that yeah you're gonna cut
that out home go babe go
okay wait get her in the vlog nobody I
used yourself tell them what your
favorite video of mine was when Jackie
guys so whoever is dating Melba she's
getting ideas give a shout-out to your
brother shut up - just give a shout out
to your friends who watch my videos if
they exist
there's Adam Marcel Anthony Mattia babe
happiness
and I wouldn't be like I'm his dad how
are you it looks like they're leaving
ink will give me my video guys Devin
Booker just dropped 34 points tonight
another 34 I mean another 30 point game
that's his sixth this season 6 30 point
games this year that's fucking I can't
remember off the top of my head the last
time I rookie had 6 30 point games but
that's insane the youngest player in the
league was 630 point games this season
that's insane babe me and my girlfriend
saw it at the same time now I have to go
fold I have to go fool Devin Booker mode
when we play tonight our game my game
isn't like one more hour look I'm
dressed for the occasion now you got the
Phoenix Suns warm-up shirt the jersey
fish the Nike shorts the Jordan come
faith tell them how big my butt was in
these shorts and how about the front
and the shoes because these laces are
tearing apart here girlfriend in my
cheerleaders here 38 minutes till game
time 9 p.m. we play on this court
everybody
it's Maggie d1 you know Maggie p yv b is
he got roasted out by D'Angelo
this is teammate number one nickname is
also Brandon you know I just talk a lot
yeah I don't do anything I'm the better
Brandon though he knows it too yeah
autumn coma so Brandon anymore
got a Lakers fan right here Daryl feels
he made number two yes follow me on
instagram wallace follow he has the
camera for two seconds and yardage
shouted himself out you better drop 30
for that leggings leggings leggings
guys Devin Booker just drop 30 for the
greatest rookie up on
no no no no no no no no no no no no
there's guys all over the place
yeah but it requires you to spread your
legs don't oh I'm covering her
oh babe you can give me a massage on
this with a happy ending come here babe
guys I'm a force them to use this ball
Steph
Steph Curry with the butt shot
we're tanking hey we're taking four Ben
Simmons by the way I don't think I just
warned oh god if we lose already have an
excuse we're taking preventive me or
Brandon Ingram one or the other
final step
again so much trouble to do this
hi look at my boyfriend
he's ready to fight
babe when you see this she was sexy
look at
Oh
fuck it up
hate me
yeah
look guys Stefan's here to be my friend
see some of you see how value he's about
to fight the rest
fuck him up
I can't see this I didn't know one oh
why were you guys playing 22 to 19
boo you suck right here 21 seconds go
autism's very mad look you took out his
shirt this is serious you got us this is
really serious 20 more seconds I'm
actually fucking piss
I hate this game I'm over Chamber wadis
how do you feel okay got holy shit this
lighting is so bad
I'm literally shadow man open mine I'm
shadow man guys okay I know you expected
much more footage at the game but here's
the thing I could not find the GoPro
it's gotta be somewhere in this house I
will find it before my next game next
Tuesday but I couldn't find it in time
being so last-minute so my girl just
brought my camera and I felt that like
making her record I was definitely not
gonna make a record the whole game we
don't have a stand or a stick or
anything so I'm not gonna make my
girlfriend Gold me just record the whole
game she wanted to watch so I just told
her to record some parts that she felt
like recording so she got some footage
for you guys
she didn't record any of my parts
scoring I did I knocked a few shots down
but I'm gonna put that loss on me I
could have done way way more to help my
team I was just kind of out of it I had
a headache
I had no rent like but no excuses I just
played bad imma put on myself but
anyways um yeah I wasn't gonna make my
girlfriend record the whole game she
just recorded some parts and I hope you
enjoyed the footage that was shown and I
hope you enjoy the rest of this vlog
time to pump gas on Devin Booker's
number
babe okay fine I'll pump it fast guys I
played terrible terrible I don't even
want to talk about it we lost hopefully
that's my worst game and my team's worst
game of the whole season
last year we went nine and one we lost
one game now we started o n1 we already
lost as many game that we did last year
in the first week they buy snow but out
I just know like shit I felt like after
I know you always smell like ass but
that's cause you have a big ass guys
yeah we would like catch-up get close
and then we would just relax like oh we
got close over there you want to throw a
I swear to you I was so mad for no
reason I kept calling the team pieces of
shit I love it was like you're a piece
of shit you're a piece of shit no guys I
was actually getting pissed I'm telling
you like I was playing bad so I was
pissing on but yeah like I said we would
we would push and catch up and then we
would kind of relax like okay we got in
you can't play like that once you push
and catch up you got to push even harder
and take that lead but we'll win the
next nine okay we'll win the next nine
games I played 40 minutes I'll take oh
you have the nerve to take $41 from my
card it's okay cuz it's Booker yeah I
played 40 minutes with no rest my legs
feel like literally jello or like tomato
you have to hold what in you don't know
how to hold in your gas record much
because I was trying to like watch more
but she kept saying your heart your
heart yeah and I'm just like you want me
to do take my shorts off that made up
the fucking court like I said baby
you're so hot like five times I would
say you're hot and then I would say
you're still hot right now mm-hmm
um babe you're taking my jacket off guys
she steals my clothes she says oh can I
wear this like yeah well there's
negative that I do when I'm not giving
something back to my soul my heart
Oh jack-in-the-box time for a healthy
meal after a good game I hope you guys
enjoyed this video um I hope you guys
enjoyed this video but this video I hope
you guys enjoy my channel
cut cut what I'm cutting off cuts I
still love my girlfriend
you have no choice babe oh wait make me
Deb oh wait hold on hold on guys I'm
only allowed to dab when my girlfriend
makes me I wanted to I want to show
people that I drove past your car
purposely parked all the way at my house
just so I can walk you to your car the
walk of shame I'm just joking the walk
of loving your girlfriend paper soon
make this one one more time okay guys so
let me give you quick analysis of the
game so apparently my Devin Booker and
Eric battle mode did not activate today
did not I only had five points
well I scored another shot that should
have been an and-one but supposedly they
didn't count it um I promised an
undefeated season my promise was broken
last year we went nine and one and this
year we're already started Owen won what
what I'm hot you two um I'm gonna put
this loss on me I only scored five
points and I missed like I don't know
I'm just put this loss on me but let me
tell you the other problem we would um
we were down and we would catch up and
then we would take our foot off the gas
then we'd get down again then we catch
up and we take our foot off the gas so
we kind of relax every time we would
catch up that's not the way to do it
every time you like you're down and you
catch up you gotta step your foot on the
gas even harder take the lead you can
there were multiple reasons why we lost
I'm gonna take the biggest blame I'm
gonna put on myself um Alex we didn't
get blown out but still a loss of the
loss or Owen one but I do promise we're
both losing other games is holy here now
it's time to tell it what grab about the
game
and you know the part with it huh I was
driving
