no one is Stan's I need you when I see
potential I just gotta say though if you
had a twin I would still choose you okay
guys so the fuck you're about to watch
is actually you guys know I saw my vlogs
usually in the morning right when I wake
up
but today in case you guys didn't know
which is Monday my extreme break is done
I go back to school tomorrow Tuesday
April 5th I'm back in school
and I had a lot of homework over spring
break which me being bruh wadis of
course I put it all off until Monday
until the day before I go back to class
so today the whole entire morning
homework homework homework that I
procrastinated the whole entire Spring
Break so I couldn't vlog in the morning
and then I went to go get my hair cut
and then I went to the gym for the first
time in three days so my morning was
kind of all like backed up so the vlog
starts now and it starts around 5:30
p.m. which is something different but
nonetheless I hope you guys do enjoy
this video but wat Squad the best squad
I hope you enjoy what you're about to
watch yes you heard it correctly I go
back to school tomorrow watch it by the
time you guys are watching it so I'm
gonna be back in school oh man I guys I
love school so much guys look what I
walked into my room too from courtesy of
Jackie oh my god my big nose can smell
those all the way from downstairs and
wings and things oh my god guys listen I
went to go get my hair cut if you can't
tell wait first of all take a moment to
examine my haircut you got like the
eight or nine on top maybe a seven oh no
you got a skin-like
on the lower side burns and then a two
on the sides and the back let's try to
get the back I don't know if you can see
it but
mom what were the first words I told you
when I walked in yeah I said I said oh
my god I'm starving guys it's actually
look at the time 5:30 p.m. and I hadn't
ate today 5:30 p.m. with no food in my
stomach because I was going from place
to place to place and my girlfriend I
had no idea if you're honoring what
anniversary tomorrow it's four months
since I asked her out we've been like
dating and talking way longer than that
but officially the time I grew some
balls an asteroid was December 5th
so tomorrow April 5th marks four months
and I come home to this huh I need to be
her out now I mean eat her out just
joking
oh babe don't what me you know what you
know what you did don't want me yeah you
did you came to my house you brought
balloons you brought flowers you brought
me food oh shit so I just got caught up
with my sidekick babe I love you thank
you I know did you see my tweet
literally right before I came home I
said it's almost 5:30 and I still
haven't ate yet I was sorry
my barber we're like best friends babe I
had actually a really fresh cut no it's
the same but I'm just I still love it
just as much Shawn the party down I'm
Shawn the party down fellas how's the
hair looking oh here oh yeah I was gonna
stay after Jackie dropped off the Roses
and balloon and flowers I was looking
for me duh I was looking for like I was
looking for how looking around I thought
like she'll be in her panties with a
boat on her back laying somewhere like
that would be to top off the surprise
but uh I couldn't find her so now I'm
gonna be on my way to go pick her up and
then she's gonna come over oh she just
texted me oh shit
tomatoes guys my mom says that this
isn't you and her and my dad catch me
drinking and they try to take the bottle
away and my mom and dad take it away
yeah but you guys never give it back to
me yeah I want each of your hot dogs
I don't know I don't know how to explain
to just like
it'll be awesome like he's not obviously
but like if you do just know you're an
awesome person who said I'm not gonna
watch that video you said obviously but
here I am I almost met Matt watching the
video and thank you for calling me an
awesome person guys like I just made
like a five and a half minute video
explaining like how much I mean to him
how much he appreciates my work and how
like I cheer cheer him up on his bad
days and just like all that stuff it was
actually really nice so thank you dude I
appreciate it Thank You Man appreciate
it
he tweeted the video to me and it was
called dedicated to bravada so I decided
I wanted to watch it and it did not
disappoint so check this out something
really really really last-minute just
happened and I don't know how to go
about it but I'm actually really excited
so hey mom
excuse me for turning on the lights so
I've been wanting to start a basketball
league like for a while now I told you
guys if you watch my videos along a long
time ago last year me and rug we're on
the same team and we won the
championship
and so I've been wanting to play a game
and but I've never really like came
around you guys know I play pick-up
basketball at the gym all the time I
play every single day and that's fun and
all but playing in the league is way
different there's actually rest there's
a scoreboard standing scorekeepers
people keep your stats by the way I was
fourth in that league in scoring last
year um so like today just randomly I
texted the league director and I was
like hey I was just wondering when the
next league starts cuz I want to play
and he said there's a league that starts
on Thursday today's Monday
well I'm recording this and I said what
in like three days I said okay hold on
so I texted two of my friends that I
played with last year and I was like hey
you guys there's a leak Thursday blah
blah and they were like Oh Thursday
doesn't work one of them has school and
one of them has work so I texted the
director back and I was like oh
Thursdays don't work are there any other
leagues or any other days and he said oh
we actually have one that starts Tuesday
which is tomorrow essentially today and
I said oh like we can't plan that right
and he said if you get the money for the
team and you get a team by tomorrow then
you guys can play the league because
they had an odd number of teams and I
said holy crap so I texted my friends
back and they both said Tuesday works
and so I probably piled up the money we
got three people so far we need to find
at least two more because even if you
have five people you people need to rest
I honestly I'm not trying to be cocky
but I don't rest during the games I
don't come out the people try to tell me
to sit I say nah nah bro I'm fine I
don't need to sit out but so I'm
starting a basketball league tomorrow or
while you guys watch it today I have my
first game at 9 p.m. and I don't know
that's insane because ya know he doesn't
want to but um it all happened so
last-minute like I texted the guy Monday
afternoon and it turns out literally
Tuesday we have a game like and we still
only have three people on the team so
it's gonna be a struggle finding to
other people but we'll get it done and
also check this out read this text the
guy asked me uh what the team name
because I get to choose I'm the team
manager mom
what team name I did what's our team
name No
the Devin Booker's that's our team name
so we are the Devin Booker's starting a
leak tomorrow on Tuesday April 5th first
game 9:00 p.m. last year we went now
last year we went nine and won first
place and we won the championship we
only lost one game I was pissed I wanted
to go undefeated so let's see what we
could do this year like I said this was
so last-minute like like really
last-minute but look I got all my stuff
ready
Jordan compression tights regular socks
with the lead salts double Sox jersey
Nike shorts and the orange and purple
Phoenix Suns color LeBrons you already
know what time it is
I gotta activate my Devin Booker
Eric butts almost fast usually takes a
couple days but now I only got a couple
hours to activate that mode I have no
idea who were playing I have no idea who
the hell is even gonna be on our team
aside from my two friends and oh I'm
gonna try to record the games but I need
to find the GoPro I was looking in
Brian's room and I couldn't find it
anywhere so I need to look around the
house I hope I can find it if I can't
find it by tomorrow I promise to find it
and record the rest of my season I don't
know if I could I have no idea where it
is like it used to be in Brian's room
and it's not there I would love to
record the games for you guys and post
them the day after post them but I just
don't know where the GoPro is and that's
what we used to record over there so um
I'm really really excited like I said I
love playing in the league's more than I
do playing pickup that's why the gym and
you guys already know how much I love
that and I guess now I'm signed up for a
league Tom what are you doing okay let
me turn off the light so yeah now I'm
signed up for a league and I hope I can
record for you guys I'm not sure where
the hell the GoPro is Bosley Bosley
sad-ass probably eight whoops I just
closed the door in the lab yes I'm super
excited honestly that made like my whole
entire day and we're gonna be playing in
the league for the next ten weeks guys
even better news Jackie just got
tomorrow night off so she can come watch
my game and
if you guys are called just like I do
because I won't forget this in the
yesterday's vlog Jackie said that when
she watches me play basketball she's
gonna write cobra wallets on her ass so
oh yeah by the way yes I am that dude
who brings his girl to the fucking bats
ball game she tries to show off guys let
me tell you a funny story about these
flowers so um my girlfriend told me that
when she came over to drop all those off
cuz I was supposed to be getting my hair
cut but my barber took me late so I came
home for a little bit and as I was
leaving because she thought I was
already at the barber shop as I was
leaving to go back to get my haircut she
was turning into the coldest act and she
said she saw me backing out and it so
supposed to be a surprise so she didn't
want me to see her so she busted the
fastest u-turn and turned around and she
said that the vase fell and all the
flour water spilled in her car and her
and my mom cleaned it up after I left to
go get my hair cut anyways thank you
babes
I appreciate the flowers let's see how
these smell guys look how big my nose is
I don't even need to get that close
smells good balloon I feel like an angel
oh oh
almost song guys the clip you're about
to watch my cousin Stephanie you guys
know her Anthony sister made it for me
and Jackie and I decided to put it in
the vlog so watch this made by my cousin
Stephanie shoutout to you
I got Jackie for four months anniversary
first of all we don't really celebrate
month anniversary though we decided to
be nice this month well you would
already know if you've listened to the
prank carefully because during the prank
I said I was like I just paid for your
nails I want to read from from the nail
lady Baba so I'm for four months she
didn't tell me what to nail place you
with that so I had to kind of go around
the area and I found the nail place she
was at showed up paid for her nails and
then took her out to eat so I could be a
little cute too
guys check out my haircut so
guys honestly after watching Zoo on
Netflix there's a show called zoo where
animals take over like and kill people
I'm so scared of this dog like I'm
scared to even Bosley just know anytime
you want food anytime you want treat
just come to me and I'll have it for you
at your service anytime you want to kiss
anytime you want to go to sleep just let
me know and I'll do it for you okay and
you're not fat and I love you so much
buzz Lee yeah he would never come to me
guys
I really hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog
yeah myelin Jackie's anniversary today
four months but like I said it's not
really we were talking and pretty much
had a thing we were dating before that
but it's four months officially from
like I said when I asked her out
basketball league starts today so I'm
excited I get way more excited for an
actual basketball league game than I do
for like a pickup game at this gym guy
said I'm gonna try to find the GoPro
I'll try to find it so I can record my
games but I have no idea where the hell
it is like it has to be somewhere in
Brian's room I tried to check Bhama look
better right now oh yeah I do have class
today two classes imma be a school from
11:00 to 7:00 p.m. 11:00 in the morning
to 7:00 p.m.
big shout-out to my girlfriend for
coming in clutch with the food the
flowers and the balloon I love her happy
for months but she knows it's way longer
than that I know it's way longer than
that mom you know it's way longer than
that why did he leave you
Bosley hey buzz Lee oh my god I can't
leave I forgot to talk about this but
Villanova and North Carolina game holy
crap the Marcus Payne I don't guys I
don't even know what to say like I miss
the game I don't want to blame it on my
girlfriend because oh my god I miss the
game listen every college game i watch
fucking 50-point blow up 40-point blow
up boring ass game the one time I missed
the game guys I was crying I was
scrolling down my Twitter feed and I saw
the game winner and I said babe honestly
turn this shit off we were watching Zoo
on Netflix and I was like turn this shit
off and I when I caught all the postgame
but I missed the actual game I legit I
was gonna cry I laid on my bed for like
two minutes and I was like but no that
was a hell of a game like mom you
wouldn't even understand it was a crazy
finish to a crazy game
okay guys anyways it just hit midnight
so it's officially a new day let me tell
you my schedule before I go to sleep so
by the time you guys watch this tomorrow
I'm gonna be at school so on my schedule
right now it's midnight
i'ma edit this vlog get it rendered
before I go to sleep that should take a
few hours so I'll probably have it done
around 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning yeah
by the time you guys are watching by the
time you guys are at home enjoying
yourself watching this with a big
fucking bucket of popcorn i'ma be in
school no ha
I just tried to fuckin kill myself with
a plastic knife but um yeah so I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog but watch
quad the best squad honestly I think I'm
super happy and energetic just cuz I got
a haircut
why am I still awake I have class in a
few hours this is so annoying guys one
last thing before I go I mentioned that
I was one of the top scorers in the
league last year when we won the
championship let's not forget that I was
number one in technical fouls I led the
league in technical foul
me
