way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let it win I would
still choose you guys so here's my razor
but you know Brian's been gone he's been
in Ohio for I don't know three four days
I miss him man I just I just used his
razor to shave good it's kawaii guys it
was only right I just use bronze I mean
I just felt like his presence was here
after I use his razor to shave so on
Brian I miss you man I can't wait till
we come back tomorrow no I'm explaining
to the vlog why today's the best day of
my life
you know why today's the best day of my
life no I'm not going tomorrow it's
Tuesday chill dude it yes days okay but
that's how I it's the best day in my
life get take another guess
oh okay no that's tomorrow I'm in dire
need what I'll wait till tomorrow
another gues another guess so guess um
you're gonna pay my car payment uh yeah
sure but that's not why it's the best in
my life it involves your other son Brian
is going from Ohio yes and making video
Ryan no I just want to see him Oh guys
I'm just joking he's probably the worst
day of my life Brian's coming back no
I'm just joking I'm actually excited for
him to come back this bed has been empty
well not empty cuz me and Jackie I'm
just joking but this bed has been empty
for how long four days three days
Brian's been gone for three days
mom mom I caught you I call you I caught
her let me see okay first I think the
glasses came off yeah then I saw her
fixing her hair mom wait what are you
looking at uh guys but oh my good
after my son is her birthday it's
Mason's birthday happy birthday may soon
that's my mom's sister my aunt from
Texas she's all the way from Texas guys
holy shit look at this kill me I'm going
to screenshot this guy's screenshot and
post it da have a fat-ass headache is it
head dick like a head dick or is it
headache I don't know people we go say
it differently I say headache headache I
have a fat headache let me tell you why
I woke up this morning honest right -
what a whopper I edited oh we have to
get one item specially one painting so
hard I'll just an iPhone but we have to
be up on the NBA Channel last night wait
to see why didn't my boss on my main
channel 625 o'clock then I'll on editing
another we have to be up on idea channel
is a singer you take my Monica taken oh
my god she's not wearing the white
shorts mom who got you those pajamas
Jackie Heike you like it oh no
Heike you like the white shorts that's
how I keep so let me just tell you the
phone call I just received oh I could
stay in here there's a good place to put
it so like I said I've been editing like
crazy I've been working really hard from
my main channel I've been working really
hard for my NBA Channel and I've just
been like out of time like and also I've
been getting these headaches like I
haven't really been to the gym as much
like in the past four days I've only
been two times and Ollie and Jordan have
been going every day they've been
calling me in the morning cuz they're on
spring break so they've been calling me
in the morning oh let's go cuz we're out
of school and I'll be like guys I have
to edit this video I gotta record this
record that so they just called me they
were like bro we haven't seen you in
like three or four days are you even
still alive volleyball so they're coming
over we're just gonna hang out for a
little bit at my house we're gonna have
a talk I missed it they missed me too so
they're gonna come over just like we're
just going to catch up for a little and
then still waiting on rug to come back
from Ohio I'm pretty sure you saw LeBron
like I mean how are you gonna go to Ohio
not
see LeBron he's always walking around in
the streets by himself with no security
guard obviously he told me how he saw
LeBron that LA Fitness and like LeBron
went up to him and he was shaking and
said oh or your face rug and he had the
pan and he took the picture and Brian at
him on Instagram
LeBron what yeah LeBron James mom LeBron
plays for a Cleveland and Breyers in
Ohio looking guys
I said no and Brian said yeah come here
LeBron we'll take a picture and then
LeBron tagged him on Instagram and they
man everything and Brian sign is scuff
the scuf controller okay look so this is
a mass gainer it supposedly has so much
protein in it right
that's bullshit that the thing is just
this bit look at this let's sit down
it's a shovel ollie this would actually
don't feel the whole thing huh wait how
many scoops does it scare Bosley Bosley
sit down yeah Ollie tell him sit good
boy
Bobby 1250 calories 1,000 look look at
two scoops not any one heaping is just
to scoop it was just two heaping no guys
heaping means old like flavored oh yeah
overdose I told them how you guys were
so worried about me because I've been
doing so much like editing that you guys
had to come visit me and yeah shall I
shout out to the brothel water squad
miss y'all
nothing was the same
Jordan turn around right now oh oh you
didn't see me here huh oh hey guys let
me just give a little shout-out to my
friends
Jordan's Instagram he just made it a
couple weeks ago that's gonna be in the
description below
Ali's Instagram that's gonna be in the
description below I want you guys to
follow both of them okay shout out to
the crowd go boy Ozzy I'm masking out
okay in there yeah how many schools did
you close 100 give him a treat Oh Oh my
hand yeah just your hand oh you know
what no you can't throw it all they just
give him one hey no no oh my god
what just tell me how's you gonna eat
this I'll grab a trio how is it taste
good it's thick so he's going down here
for an hour
oh that's nasty guys look which cup is
using for rugs return the Derrick Rose
returned G fuel Jordan one yeah go ahead
and eat it for the vlog right now
scooby-doo snacks or the mic over by the
foot the Todd ice is just so good go eat
one then I still go I eat it all day
swallow it
yeah under your tongue
guys yeah Jordan is a health freak
joining us
oh my god I thought you actually ate it
okay so what are you gonna eat what are
you gonna what have you ate today three
eggs and oatmeal eggs homeo some quinoa
some kale well he just sit just sit down
just sit slowly look yeah just sit
no see it like on your ass what just
silly frog is back I'm literally just
hop out the shower in my towel Bosley
who's that ya find out those new look at
Bosley's tail look hey miss look at his
tail hi is give me a kid he literally
has a tail boner excited that I'm back
yes now Idol now I'd have to take ball
down any more walks or as if you did
Brian do you want me to hug you naked or
should I change okay probably go by
Brian go his tail keeps lagging that's
actually real Brian I slept in your bed
use your razor and me and Jackie slept
in your bed nice is it comfortable
yeah a lot of stains whoa let me see for
my six out of nervous on the fly hot air
but yeah guys now that Brian's back I
have to stop using his stuff combined
one last time one last time
all right guys so if you watched
yesterday's vlog you would know you
would have seen that I wanted to take
Jackie to the beach but that went wrong
so instead I'm taking to the beach today
I was just waiting for my brother to
come home so I could see him see how
this trip was and now guys god I picked
up these shorts from much from Foot
Locker at the mall and look I'm not
wearing the Rochas to the beach but you
know you got to be fake for the
Instagram picture that I'm about to take
right here so I had to put them on just
for the picture then i'ma wear some
different shoes but yeah here's the the
beach fit lookin nice snow god that
thing i'ma wear this to my wedding
because I feel like such an idiot of
cooking idiot let me tell you why so I
left to go to Jackie's house and ride as
I turned down to my kolchak I was like
oh shit let me turn back around cuz I
was gonna go get chick-fil-a for us
so we could look this is perfect symma
oh there's a perfect song to play for my
situation I leave my cul-de-sac and I
turn back around and I was like oh shit
I have a chick-fil-a gift card imma go
that chick Flynn we can eat at the beach
he's fuckin Sunday chick boys clothes
good thing I didn't go there I just
noticed right now so now I'm just gonna
go pick Jackie
my girlfriend's outfit looks cute today
I was talking about it when she came to
my car I said well I've done my closet I
said well good you get that she's in my
closet I shop in my own closet actually
you really do it tongue in the mouth
beautiful view my face
yeah when you're Venus I'm always nice
nice look outside you guys super nice
the butan Diego is really really nice
it's actually hasn't been this hot in a
really long time
babe you look hot today I look the same
as every day the plane guys I think I
only own plain white shirts yeah but
you're so hot thank you
guys it's actually so busy today Sunday
afternoon go
are they gonna think I'm fucking
recording them guys fuck the parking is
insane and this is why we don't go this
is why we just hibernate in my room on
my bed because of this I could have made
you a smoothie at home a protein shake I
know guys Jackie actually loves babies
I do I really make Brandon look out one
for so long I'm just gonna give you a
baby just let me give you a baby
Wow there's no parking even here there's
all the way in the back three hours
later we're still looking for parking no
babe I want to try more guys I hate the
cars that are really small and park
really in and you a park really really
far into the parking spot so they trick
you they make you think it to open
parking I hate that guys look at those
girls they really think they're in a
music video look getting music video
that you see with the top down and the
girls outside watch drinking I'll make
it on video ah look there really like it
really is a music video okay let's go
they can't hear anyway
guys look at these houses on the beach
why not literally Jersey Shore the shore
store oh my I'm gonna put you in the
garage stop guys all that we walk the
beach went through everything we come
back the people are still having the
fucking concert in the car why as Syria
isn't picking anything my girlfriend
says up because of her accent you're a
fucking bitch
fucking you piece of fact we just want
to eat I paid $900 and you still don't
work literally not working like you need
to find a restaurant I'm hungry and
Jackie wants a smoothie what they
actually running guys I've never played
basketball on the beach never I don't
like babe I can't even come prepared
I know Wow I saw how the bath pond I was
wondering why the hell does this dude
have a basketball now I know I've never
seen this here I don't like playing
outdoors but I would play maybe you
would have to cheerlead for me you'd
have to say go book or a book I'm
writing Cobra waters on my head no guys
you came Applebee's of course and I have
to go pee so bad
there's Jackie's food I mean my
girlfriend's food
there's my food I called you babe I
never call her Jackie unless we're
arguing guys Bosley thinks there's
something under the fridge there might
be buzzer what where is it where is it
Bosley look he keeps smelling under
there what is it Bosley Hey look he
thinks there's eight Bosley my dad's
satisfied now they're gonna win right
dad
boom dad Devon Booker is better
my dad's moving the fridge all kind of
buzzes Bobby I hate how everything okay
I open doors hold on mom I think I know
what it is why why oh oh my god Bosley
are you an idiot it's cuz it was open
right here so he kept smelling it buzzes
hey let me get this
literally me except I go in raw nice log
five blog hey my if you know that little
girls guys are watching this show called
soo it's all about the attack of the lie
on fifty dj khaled dies nobody thought
he had his one week of fame and then he
literally died nobody DJ Cod had his one
week of fame and no one talks about him
anymore really hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog it's time to go hey hey baby
Oh baby look what is he doing we met
some guys I'm a Leo like a lion so this
is Ricky's lie on my order I can't say
it you have to say it friend oh it looks
like it wasn't the exorcism
you are the Exorcist Hey she's The
Exorcist when she's not big can you
close out my vlog to outro vive la
substitute you say that one more time
filling the trick on your head I'm
thinking like her this is hot go hey why
are you imagining oh my god
twist something simple oh it's called a
titty twist it's called a purple nurple
it's both it's both you can call both
and you're not gonna do it to me anyways
stop doing the funky twist hey guys
thanks for watching subscribe like it's
the best fun Instagram follow me out bro
artists has a big day oh I'm writing
that up I'm not editing that out I swear
to god you guys I wish you could see is
angry at I'm an angular babies who's the
best squad in the world i watch squad
every son
not just for what squash guys look I
love biting her cheek machine no you
thought her face guys who has a bigger
nose near Jackie I say me mine isn't
Nelly you know definitely good yours is
huge my tweet said I said I love eating
Jackie I mean I love eating with Jackie
okay bye guys
bye guys were watching you subscribe to
him like this video like the prank mark
because I got it so good hey fuck you I
got you oh I know why do you even here
actually we got ya guys does it sound
familiar
get the fuck out of my house you doing
here dirty yo guys I don't know if you
can even see me but I have a haircut
appointment today in like two hours
honestly let me just say this after
watching Zoo I'm so scared of Bosley I'm
never calling him fat I'm never fucking
making fun of a positive you all the
food in the world that you want okay
hold on Bobby no no no no no don't touch
me
sometimes me guys I'm actually so scared
of buzzing um Bosley
good boy I love you Bosley oh okay
bother whenever you want food just tell
me and I'll go get you guys I'm honestly
after watching Zoo Bosley please don't
look at me I'll never call you fat again
in my life you're so handsome and skinny
