way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let it win I would
still choose you the warrior just lost
dad how are you gonna go to sleep
tonight why is he so small I'll be
playing in there baby he's so good I
love him
my dad's literally gonna cry myself to
sleep like that's the definition of
chronic self to see that it's okay
they'll still win the championship I
know I know
okay Bosley now I'm done editing you
want me to take you out for a walk yeah
I'll put the leash right here and we'll
go for a walk you want that but I have
to wear the glove and pick up your poop
is that okay are you gonna go poop just
normal not a lot right cuz I don't want
to pick up a lot of poop okay
what are you off of me you do I look
like a nun yeah I'm a nun ah okay what
do you want you want to go outside of my
room you haven't let yourself sleep for
one minute one not ever since I woke up
Bosley you really want to go out I
haven't even taken my morning pee and
this is when I wake up - oh you really
want to go out you want to go out walk
three five okay okay can I get on one
spicy chicken melt and then Brahminical
ah okay so let me explain that
mysterious phone call to you guys so
Jackie doesn't work this morning she
works later tonight and I told her I
would skip the gym so we can go out to
breakfast okay so she thinks we're going
to like Denny's or some breakfast place
instead it is our five month anniversary
coming up not today it's in a couple of
days but we're both free this morning so
what I just did was I called her
favorite sandwich place I ordered her
favorite sandwich with her favorite
drink and I'm gonna pick her up she
thinks we're gonna go to like a
breakfast place or whatever to eat
instead I'm already gonna have her food
she hasn't had this in a long time I'm
already gonna have her food hidden in
the car I'm gonna take her to the beach
because she loves the beach she doesn't
even know we're going there and then I'm
gonna pull the sandwiches out and we're
gonna eat at the beach got Bosley
just fucking how romantic am I
you caused me so much stress this
morning Bosley first of all but yeah
honestly I shouldn't be doing this
because of a prank she got me yesterday
I should still be pissed but I'm just
let that go okay and so yeah i'ma pick
up her favorite food pick her up and go
to the beach okay guys so that's what
we're doing this morning okay guys so I
picked these babies up yesterday Rochas
Roche Roe she's fucking Rachael Ray I
don't know what the hell they're called
but I picked them up they're so fresh
and I was about to throw them on you
know with this outfit some white socks
gold watch white shit you know but but I
thought about it and oddly don't you
dare you fuckin Saints ID please I love
you I'm going to the beach so I honestly
I'm not gonna throw those on I'm with
all my dirty white shoes hey guys so let
me tell you the situation I mean so I'm
on my way to go pick up the sandwiches
and Jackie and I forgot that me and
Jackie were supposed to get car washes
this morning and so she texted me she's
like so should I just meet you at the
car wash you know my whole plan was to
get the sandwiches pick her up go to the
beach and already place the order money
picking the sandwiches up right now and
I was like um let's just let's just go
out to eat first and then we'll come
back and do the car wash later she said
but I have work and like we're already
gonna be there I was like you really
want to go get the car wash now it shows
like yeah can we
so now I might have the sandwiches in my
car for fucking for the whole car wash
the whole way back to our house to drop
a couple guys just something has to go
wrong all the time
but anyways we're paying the sandwiches
up right now and then we're going to go
get car washes oh let's see what song is
playing I bet you anything it's very
well I didn't know that because 10 out
of my 11 songs on this playlist are
Fetty ball by just goodness you know
baby not my baby
except for Jackie when I tried first I'm
just god oh god I thought this was a
fucking bug it just fell on me so let me
tell you what the fuck just happened so
I go to pick up the sandwiches and
apparently this place does not date card
it only takes cash because it's like
family on I don't know what the hell it
was wearing 2016 but so I had to go to
college sooner because they do cash back
and I was like the closest place and I
bought a small french fries and I took
cash out and I got the sandwiches so now
we got hiding in the trunk the
sandwiches a small call junior fries and
Jackie soda and now we're going to go to
the fucking car wash to meet up with
Jackie there
guys oh my god I'm like writing a I'm
like right in the middle of this thing
is it gonna fucking swipe down on my
it's just gonna fucking swipe down on my
car
imagine I'm gonna keep vlogging just in
case it does okay it hasn't Slynt
smashed down on my car I guess 2016 they
made these with sensors to know when
there's a car in front haha I see Jackie
in there
she's like three cars ahead of me magic
potion being applied what does that mean
my car never gonna get dirty or what its
gonna make my dick huge or what would
help magic potion being applied baby
baby just blink blink please don't hurt
my heart look Jackie just posted on to
basic babe you are basic you put a
snapchat oh I want to hear my intro on
the car wash
I'm familiar when I see potential it's
gonna say
I'm a co road
I know the scandal these drying pieces
of shit they don't even dry your whole
car and they tell you to go and then it
leaves all the watermarks on your game
corner
guys what did I say I told you it
doesn't dry your whole car look at this
now I have to drive myself
hey babe
can you buy what not of what is that
dollar from
thank you
she drives a soccer ball car on the
language
come here
I'm sucking my girlfriend's five
okay guys so sad sad news car wash
fucking took long vacuuming drying it my
girlfriend's on her way to my house I'm
not having at my house yet is everything
just took way too long in the sandwiches
are hot like they're hot sandwiches with
chicken and fucking melted cheese and
everything so I can't like the beach is
like 30 minutes away and I can't do that
so I said I'm just taking to a damn park
guys if you learn anything from this
vlog don't be cute in a relationship
because something always goes wrong
don't be romantic don't what like so now
I'm gonna get I'm a surprise about a
part at a damn part what oh but oh well
it's a thought that counts yeah right
but I already have the food in the back
it's probably expired by now honestly
okay change of plans once again so
Jackie's on her way to my house like
literally a couple minutes away
and I'm just honestly gonna surprise her
by setting the food and the drink up on
the table so that when she walks in it's
already there but I'm not even at my
house here and she's only I don't have
time I'm bout to get home right now I'm
gonna set it up and then she's gonna get
here literally any second now I gotta
set this up before she come oh I'll do
it in my room it's more romantic huh hey
okay mom leave it I'll go can Jackie
honey here vanilla coke potato some
fucking collagen often times I have to
buy okay
uh-huh I can check it out napkins for
her hmm
I got myself a drink - such as I don't
go back out here this is out of here but
I'll just act like I got it for her -
she here BYE MOM
every time we go upstairs you never babe
I'm serious we'll leave listen it's the
wrong way no you can only watch in my
room you can't watch on Lester tomorrow
babe babe oh my god listen you can watch
it in my room
No BAM flee okay we're not going out to
eat after I told you we'll leave as soon
as you watch it can you just let me why
not it upstairs because I want to go
serious
who's that cutie babe babe stop I'm
upset okay I'm going upstairs I'm going
up shit guys get your friend and get
yourself a girlfriend who listens like
I've said a million times not like
Jackie she said she said I'm not going
upstairs because every time we go in
your room we never leave and I'm hungry
I want to eat and I keep saying just
come upstairs she's like no I want to go
get food and I said okay let's go in my
room and then we'll go get food and
she's like no we always seen your bed
babe I'm gonna get you back come
upstairs oh my god oh my god you brought
the laptop you already watched the whole
16 inch downstairs you can read the
comments later you're being rude you sat
there for 16 minutes when I had fucking
food for you in the fucking room I had
fucking food waiting for you over there
now eat your fucking food let me bring
you a fork sit down I'm talking for the
rest of the day no I clean you told me I
told you a million times coming tears
come see us coming soon okay but you
never said obey like come upstairs food
also then you come upstairs know not to
mention I'm not getting you a fork
either actually you're not eating the
sandwich anyway hey only one because I
ate it while you're downstairs I fucking
ate my sandwich I'm not gonna wait for
it to get cold in the hard and mouldy it
started with this you are the girl in
the relationship I am
yeah you're the fucking man now listen
I'm the man now listen
so the vlog started with me saying that
me and you were going to go out to eat
and that's what you thought but what I
was really going to do was I was going
to pick up the sandwiches
we're going to go to the beach and we're
going to eat it there I was going to act
like we're gonna go eat by the beach
what else aren't gonna have the
sandwiches but then oh let's just go get
the car wash then I said are you sure
you want to get it now said yes so then
the food is gonna get too cold food you
have all the way to the beach so now we
anyway you don't like the beach so I
know I don't like it I said it's for you
because you love the beach welcome you
home I swim at the beach at URI
uh yeah of course me that's I'm
seriously good I just don't want to go
because the food was gonna get cold if
we went all the way there I'm reading
the comments about my prank okay
little do you know you should have eaten
that's a note right now why you think
laxatives not like if I put worse why do
you think I was open from right here you
can't say that because I've been there
for you so I know it don't see when you
pass out on the way to the beach to get
ice cream Bosley cock-block how much
spray guys I'm gonna put on my new shoes
because we're going to the mall not the
beach so I can wear those please open
your windows
hope you're doing reach for that how
does that even happen please reach it
and bring it back
I'm buying you that shirt literally be
prepared to wear it that's what you're
getting
courtesy of my girlfriend she forced me
to get a bigger size in my long
what did you get dripping on the side
okay guys so let me just tell you the
scenario I'm in right now it's 3:45 p.m.
and I'm going to be home alone for hours
and hours and hours let me just tell you
really quick well we got Bosley about
The Watchmen go play some ball I'm a
place on board well let me tell you so
my mom went out she's gonna be out all
night she went out with her friend and
her sister my dad's at work he's closing
the store tonight
my brother obviously in Ohio Jackie's at
work starting their shift at 4:00 all
leaves at work Lawrence is all the way
in Temecula Jordan is not home guys I
have nothing to do guys I'm gonna be
alone for the next 11 out I mean the
next seven hours I just ordered a dinner
box from pizza I just ordered a bunch of
pizzas to myself so I'm gonna do that
and also home alone for seven hours um a
whole lot of winking I'm just joking I'm
gonna be playing basketball oh shit my
neighbors just came out blahs is
literally my cheerleader look at him
hey Bosley I need some more support come
on clap for me call me daddy
come on Bosley
you
are you ready okay so I got the fucking
pizza box but ain't no shit
guys this actually looks so good I could
just fab to some of this but I'm not
done playing but but but I do want a
slice huh I don't plan though posit go
back around I was to want you to chili I
hear him barking inside so I was playing
bass phone I was listening to music on
my phone I got notifications I came
inside because I got a notification on
my phone one of the one of my fans
simply pause I followed him back on
Twitter a couple days ago he's a really
loyal subscriber watches all my videos
gives me feedback on everything I saw
that he just uploaded a reacting to mine
and Jackie's prank reacting to when
Jackie pranked me and I'm really curious
to see how that goes so I want to watch
it where's my laptop my laptop it's
right here
so I'm gonna watch that and then I'm
gonna go back to playing basketball here
it is let's watch it Bosley why do you
look possessed guys I just finished
editing my reacting video for my NBA
Channel
this included reactions by my dad and me
and also some analysis by your boy bruh
wadis cuz I watched that reacting video
to my prank with my girlfriend watched
some tournament ball and now time to go
back and play some basketball Bosley why
are you sitting like that guys he's
waiting for me because I told him about
the leash let's find the leash come on
we're gonna get the leash I'm gonna have
him come outside and like put him on the
leash so he can watch me play from up
close wait Bob okay fine don't go
outside hold on we're gonna put the
leash on Oh Bosley the leashes right
here come here come here
hold on what stopping that so uh nobody
stop stop
other you're so excited okay wait let me
get the camera well I mean I'm a vlogger
let's tie you up buzz Li uh maybe to the
lawyer and I don't think this fits over
the law and Bosley wait hold on
no this isn't a walk I just I want to
keep playing but I want you to watch me
come here it's 7:00 p.m. I knock swear
I've been playing for almost three hours
I took a little bit of a break but
Bosley come
okay Bosley you stay there now I don't
know where the hell the basketball went
where'd it go Bosley uh uh I don't know
where the ball went wait don't do
anything Bosley I'm gonna get the ball
watch he's gonna try to escape go watch
me play now no no don't don't try don't
try to run Bosley don't holy shitballs
been so bad he keeps trying to pull the
leash off he won't say he won't do
anything he literally just keeps trying
to get out I'm about to go inside
anyways to go shower because jack is
coming over after work so hashtag lit
say I gotta go freshen up I've been
playing too much ball I made that in
case you guys come here
okay Bosley listen even though that's a
word you never actually do I'm supposed
to put you food after I play but I'm
gonna take a shot if I make it Bosley
hey listen to me when I talk Bosley if I
make it you put me food I want you to
make me a plate of pizza breadsticks and
wings but if I miss it then I'll put you
food let's see here all right
so nervous
okay Bosley your die right here you know
the stage
actually bother I change it to a lab I
make the lab you'll be free all right
you heard it go god I was recording a
video for my MBA should I try the
cameras position like that but anyways
let me just say something about Buddy
hield who's I don't want to say he got I
want to say Oklahoma got violated they
got murdered out the tournament but I
just want to say that Buddy hield had a
fucking amazing senior year and you feel
bad for him because for them to go out
like that after they've been playing so
well is actually sad but you got to take
your hats off to Villanova and I guess
one buddy hield sees this getting
drafted top ten he won't be crying too
much but no really he had a fucking
amazing senior year you show respect
when respect is due buddy hield earned
the respect of not only me but every
should are under SEC from everybody
around America Timmy took kawatte guys
did you know Devin Booker has more 30
point games in the last month than Kawhi
Leonard has in his whole career
oh he just shoved that statement up my
ass
buzz Lee what are you doing why do you
have to sleep over there on the dirty
laundry on the dirty towel guys I'm
about to take a shower I have my iphone
playing Marvin zoom about a crime the
shower listen
guys I got Brian's device to maximize
the sadness of Marvins room let me just
tell you this doesn't apply to me but if
you're dealing with a breakup or you got
an F on a test or you got a car crash
just listen to the song guys I promise
you move how about this disease I scout
out the shop so excuse my hair but like
I was saying for Marvin's Room that
applies to if your girlfriend cheats on
you if she breaks up with you if you get
an F on a test if your dog won't eat
their food if if your YouTube channel
can't get any subscribers if you scratch
your car if you're not good at a sport
just you know any time you're down if
you're like little brother spits in your
face
anytime you're down in life just listen
to Marvin's human I'm not saying it's
gonna make it better my make you cry but
that's just what you got to do she's not
show me your screen right now
No okay she's not really on the phone
let me just tell you hello how babe I'm
gonna break your phone yesterday I broke
life when I'm want ya let me tell you
why I'm the boyfriend of the year
actually of the whole entire decade and
century babe get off the fake phone call
huh yes okay I'm gonna sneeze the lemon
in your eyes
get yourself a boyfriend like me because
I'm excited I was my was home alone from
four to eleven that's seven hours okay
not only did I not eat
I didn't even leave the house I
literally ordered pizza made my
girlfriend to play in the microwave
ready for when she came I stayed home I
still do you just burped okay wait for
you to get off and now you're what a
loyal blue yeah you're five votes right
you are
I am what I eat a good boyfriend should
be like him
I didn't cheat on you
knowledge I'm not she I didn't even
leave the house in case you call you
watching girls not just know sexy men I
wasn't watching objects
okay stop eating my pizza
okay fine how's the pizza actually
tastes like a cheers and imagine how the
food you make me taste see this is me
when I torch
what wait Lloyd third does me what I'm
getting to life in the car it really is
this is me what I'm trying to make me
pay attention to me by you doesn't but I
do he really this is you every time you
hear my instruction and really like yeah
and I'll doing the commercial guys just
to clear things up little cuz some
people are gonna be confused because
today in this vlog I know I said or five
month anniversary is coming up but in
the prank I said oh it's been six months
what I mean by anniversary it's been
five months since the day that I
officially asked her out but we were
already I guess you say a thing we were
already talking before that so it's been
months and months of us being a thing
but it's officially December 5th was it
asked December 5th was the day I grew a
pair of these things right right there
and asked her out but uh anyways yeah so
it's been months and months it's just
five months officially um I love her I
love all you guys I hope you enjoyed
this love me editing I actually laughed
at some parts cuz I feel like this was
one of my funnier vlogs rod comes back
today so people vlog tomorrow is gonna
be about rug making the return from Ohio
back to San Diego and um again I love
you guys all I do hope you enjoyed this
vlog ha by the way about that prank
yesterday I mean I'm not gonna say I'm
still a lot mad but let's just say I'm
still a little fucking man that I got
pranked and I got so mad on April Fool's
