wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you ah what is up you guys as you
can tell by the title
I got pranked I fucking got pranked and
now it's finally the next day and now
that I'm a little calm enough to give
you guys kind of an explanation of what
this video is going to be let me just do
it so to keep things short my phone
screen is cracked
I don't know if you can see it but there
it is my phone screens crashed
so first snapchat the face filters don't
work so I always use my girlfriend's
phone to do the face filters so she
baited me into oh here do this filter
gave me your phone and let's just say
that she got a bit of an unexpected text
sent to her phone that was seen by my
eyes and I fucking flipped I I flicked
out like knowing you was April Fool's I
shoulda knew it but when you see the
text with your own eyes like what the
just guys just watch this okay just
fucking watch this prank Bosley what the
hell I'm doing my intro so yeah guys um
we were just relaxing on my bed and I
was telling my girlfriend I was like oh
I'm not blogging today you know I got a
75 day upload streak and I got to tell a
story tomorrow and I told her I was like
the story I want to tell isn't too
interesting so it's kind of like
stressing about a video idea and my
brother's not here to do a challenge so
and then like I hopped in the shower and
my girlfriend's sneaky-ass while I was
in the shower decided to pull this so
check this I hope you guys enjoyed if
you can't tell I'm fuckin just watch
just watch you guys so guys you might be
hearing
why I have the camera tonight and it is
because it's April Fool's Day and after
was and he'd only do anyway so I decided
to prank him and pretend because I
didn't see him last night I went home
early to work so I'm gonna pretend that
I went out to party incident so I'm
gonna have my friend Erin text me then
we went out yesterday and I got home
really late and when he comes in I'm
gonna have my friend Erin I already told
him to text me in like 10 minutes that's
gonna say like oh whatever
summons Brandon comes back in mix in
here I'm gonna like tell him to check
out my phone or something then he's
gonna read the text and knowing him you
guys know how he is
go figure hey is even good but first of
all I walk him out onto you eating my
candy and holding my Booker well there's
a little girl we were taking pictures
one option of course I don't change
oh my god I would actually look good bad
see a beard what ill ill babe you
literally look like my dad
I am Markieff Morris makes his return to
Phoenix today
yeah I see how you love beer Jesus
Christ little grandpa
I think I look old a lover my text whose
errand
don't read my packs I'm serious
hey what the fuck why don't read my
messages I'm serious hey what the fuck
is days any when I pick you up in 15
minutes when was this
okay I already read it what are you
going to take it from me
can I pick up in 15 minutes yeah that's
fine I'll be outside outside where my
like 10 p.m. I was with Anthony last
night you said you were out word okay
and no one else with who who's airing we
went to a party I didn't wanna tell you
because it was late you can't to a party
you didn't want to you get the fuck out
of my house if you lose Aaron I mean
don't touch Aaron who's Andy they tell
me ludus look hold on hold on hold on
let me redo it why it doesn't fucking
matter why let me tell you what it says
hey in case you didn't read it cuz I
have your phone I didn't so let me read
it to you hold on let me read you before
you get the fuck out of my house
I ain't getting home till like 3:00 a.m.
last night sorry we were having we were
just having so much fun I hope you
didn't get in trouble
yeah well c'mon what fun what were you
in you told him I can't be out to your
fucking get on my house get out
knowledge you don't fucking said me get
out of my house you give me my fucking
hold on what did you do till 3:00 a.m. I
didn't do anything
we hang out till like midnight you
fucking all have to go have a curfew
my mom got mad at me is hard to go but
what were you doing we just went out I
don't know I remember we I was drunk
you're fucking drunk yeah it's a fuck
off my bed what do you set off yeah
you're not you want your phone get off
my fucking again my house I'll throw
your phone from my window you can hold
on so you see nothing wrong with you so
fine well hung out with a girl hit I
went fucking other girls you know you do
fun so hold on let me hey star heading
home to like 3:00 a.m. we're having so
much fun with the tongue emoji so what
do you do lick your hair what did he do
so what's the tongue do you accidentally
put oh do I know this guy's why would
you go without telling you what's the
point of that why would I tell you you I
know I would have told you not to
fucking go cuz you don't need to go hang
out who the fuck is Eric who's Erin
friends about who from where oh oh so
you like guys from middle school come
back five years of ten years I gotta
have sex with you he's not he didn't you
guys can't have says why don't you two
kiss him on the cheek Anthony what you
do ladies I don't touch her no just
explain this and then you can get the
fuck out of my house I don't need to
explain to you any you don't need to
explain nothing cuz we're not getting
right well we're not getting anymore
fuck out of my house using that you
explain this and then maybe I won't
think that one out to a party that's it
okay so let me go text a girl let me
text to go right now at midnight while
you're fucking at home with your little
cousin sleeping over spending the night
I'll text one of my girls from high
school and I'll go out with them and
I'll go no I will do more than one girl
and I'll fucking cum on my head 3:00 in
the morning and I will have sex with her
just like you have sex with this guy
yeah you did have sex amigo I'm going to
I'm gonna text as soon as you leave this
house
but I'm gonna get drunk too because you
got jumped to right what we're doing
till 2:00 in the morning at a party why
can't I go to a party because you know
what happens at a fucking party
we drank that's it why do you left the
house out at 10 p.m. for one stay home
you told me you're going to sleep you're
a fucking liar get off my bed why are
you seeing on my bed you're dirty get
off my fucking bed I said get the fuck
off my bed I'm off my bed that's dirty
that's dirty I don't want anything I'm
dirty
yeah I'm dirty yeah you're the only girl
I've been with for the past six months
God knows how many guys you've been with
after this you want me to go for your
other Kenny how many times you let me go
through your phone do you delete all the
other times did you forget to delete the
site before you came over
that's what I saw your fucking lawyer
your fucking lawyer you know I just I
just paid for your fucking nails for our
anniversary
get out no go don't look at me get the
fuck out of my house I swear to god I'm
not a break your phone dad I don't want
Mick you don't I'm touching get out of
my room and I'll give you your phone
I'll leave them to you take your fucking
I'm gonna break your nails honestly go -
go - little girl I wanna fucking refund
for my tip they're $10 they're fucking
why baby I didn't tell you to pay get
the fuck I don't care I fuck off my bed
touch the doorknob twist and get the
fuck out of my house get out give me my
fucking yeah and I'm gonna call your mom
Tom said you know your daughter went out
last night
but another God while she's in a
relationship so you didn't have to hold
on top all stay calm with my mom no I'm
going to involve your mom I'm gonna go
Scotty your brother your sister
everybody what that's not the no what
kind of person you are okay fuck
okay okay so what you do what did you do
give you all these hand and massager
so why'd you go with him why don't you
go with me party hey everybody there's
yeah because they're all trying to get
at use when I go somebody else so you
can get with other people how many guys
so how many guys were there like that
you like talk to and stuff and did stuff
for you oh my god oh so many apparently
did you really can't get the fuck out of
my house no I don't want to get in your
phone get out no get out I'm leaving I'm
a fucking put you on blast all over
social media fucking page of shit get on
my house you know go get up you can get
out I'm not leaving you can get out
you're not gonna hear mom don't fucking
in you can get out you know why are you
sitting on my fucking chair
no I can sit here get the fuck out your
dirty get out of my house
you're dirty out and ever thought you
did some shit like this but you're a
fucking lawyer I'm talking don't touch
me don't touch me that's dirty don't
touch me don't touch me that's nasty I
want to throw up don't touch me you're
fucking nasty
you're fucking gross your fucking gross
you're fucking gross don't touch me that
girls don't touch me don't touch it it
made me feel a little God knows where
our hand was down with fucking pants get
off me man no you're not
if the fuck off Wow take my Oh lemme
look sure if you can go through all my
shit you won't find shit until about two
more hours I'm a fucking text everything
drill in my contacts don't touch my
fucking phone
go ahead no you're not getting your shit
go ahead you want to cry go ahead take
it and leave I don't care
don't give me much because this was
called trust this was trust so yeah then
I don't have in you so give me my phone
open you don't have me I should've had a
new you're fucking liar oh I'm going
today I'm going to bed hey Aaron you
want to go fucking come fuck me at this
party I never said I might as well I
didn't fucking say it oh you didn't
fucking so talk about you just tell me
what you guys if you fucking touch me
one more time I swear they give me my
fucking tell me what you guys getting
tell me what you girl do you don't
believe me tell you what what am I gonna
believe you went to a party to sit down
and have a good come did you have coffee
and a cup of tea so what did you gonna
drink that's it you should smoke in you
drink out I even dated there like oh
that's nasty
that's me I'm not dating the way you're
not getting your phone no I want to hide
the message it is gonna fucking touch me
that you guys should know how'd you know
I'll open the door for you
I open the fucking door for you don't
touch me we're gonna leave your phone
you're fucking cheater you're never
gonna find anybody like me and you're
never going to find a boy from your home
did you just fucking Brook get out go
get the fuck out of my house fucking
cheater cheater
you're a fucking cheater you never gonna
find another boyfriend you fucking
you're fucking ugly oh my god you're
fucking piece of shit get the fuck out
of my house two billion paper she got on
my house it's a prank I told my friend
to text me
I learned now you're a fucking liar
you're a fucking liar
Oh what tweets oh good nice and I
believe you went to sleep just because
you tweeted that you're not going out
just like that texting me my friend look
you're a fuck get the fuck out of my
house get out of my bed get on my bed
look look look I said hey can you do me
a favor and said what just text me this
and then that's a fucking yeah you guys
did that just in case you got fucking
off your fucking car - you're a cheater
you're not like the fuck did you say I
take care of over there cuz you tell you
that I have a video so I want it to be
nice and frankerz shit you don't have no
swagger hold on I still don't fucking
believe hold on hold on what did you do
last night just tell me yeah I mean I
went to so yeah you put the camera there
right now I put it there we want to
fuckin bathroom oh you want to put your
sleep last night
babe I know I trust you I always oh no
because what do you want me to do babe
babe babe listen to me I saw the
vegetable juice massage your butt how am
I supposed to react
I saw your fucking thing it was a joke I
wasn't even mad my what you really broke
your remote and your phone
hey there's my phone is actually broken
you owe me a new phone first of all how
the fuck you know how to work a fucking
camera you see you guys this is why I'm
literally sweating
it's nice because you can read a long
video I'm gonna make it made a vlog at
your foot now tell me let me know I
don't know how are you man how are you
man what does a scooter think you're
saying
obviously I want to make it give me a
kiss and I'll let you go commute kiss
okay but and and and and tell me that's
no tell me you love me tell me you wanna
tell me you love me no and then the kiss
happen Dave honestly fuck okay it's
April Fool's I'm not stupid enough to
fall for that
but the fucking tanks that's proof in
front of my own eyes up wait my phone
actually okay guys so I'm pretty sure my
phone broke you can hear it like click
my remote bro phone case done trust gone
hey you know if honestly thank you for
doing this now that I'm cool now that
I'm calm now that I'm calm thank you
guys I appreciate my girlfriend I didn't
have a video I was gonna tell a story
tomorrow to keep my streak alive
and she came in clutch with a fucking
heart attack
breaking my remote almost breaking my
phone making me sweat right before I was
gonna go to the mall babe you see that
shit you guys the neck look at my voice
has lost the next day because I was so
fucking that there were parts I had to
cut out did you see a lot of cuts in the
video I had to edit some part out
because some of the things I said I
didn't want to put on
camera for example let me just give you
one general thing I said just so you
know why I had to cut some parts out I
literally looked her in the eyes and I
was like I was like for six months I was
giving you this every single night every
night and the one night I wanted to be
nice and hang out with my cousin you
couldn't fucking take it you couldn't go
one night without it so you have to go
officer like I just fucking guys I went
off okay I went off and rightfully so
what the hell you see that text like
what did you want me to do guys oh I'm
still like I just texted her last night
she was like oh babe you want to go to
the movies tomorrow and I was like who
me you and Aaron guys I can't I was so
fucking mad like mmm my girlfriend
actually pranked me that she's crazy she
thinks this isn't gonna start a prank
war ah I don't know I guess I do have to
thank her because my streak was maybe
gonna come to an end I wasn't vlogging
yesterday and like I was stressing over
a video idea
so I guess my girlfriend did do a nice
thing for me but fuck guys if oh my god
and honestly I think I reacted well
because while I was editing I was
honestly like I thought I would have
reacted way worse when I saw that but oh
I got pranked
I got pranked by my fucking own
girlfriend this this is the stuff just
remember babe when you get prank nets
and it's gonna be way worse than this
just remember this video because you
started it look at this look at my phone
case guys my phone case broke my remote
is fucking chipped all on the side
