wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you when I come back from taking
my girlfriend out to breakfast I have a
huge announcement actually some really
really an announcement it's probably
just like the coolest thing that's ever
happened to not to me in my whole entire
life if you think I look happy now just
wait so I actually explained it babe
please don't know how you look with that
yeah you do
okay guys we're gonna go out to eat and
then when we come back I'm gonna tell
you guys what I saw last night while me
and Jackie were out and I couldn't even
contain myself babe I showed you on my
phone Gigi no that was the other night
guys no but really the smile won't show
it because I don't know how to smile but
this was actually the coolest thing I
know this was actually okay the second
coolest thing besides making Jackie my
girlfriend this was the second coolest
thing that's ever happened to me in my
whole life I couldn't believe it when I
saw it and they so much perfume and I'm
gonna tell you guys when I get back from
breakfast okay guys let me give you
literally the insane news like I don't
didn't even know how to react to this I
was out last night with Jackie Laurence
Anthony Brian fucking I don't know a
bunch of my friends and I saw this and I
flipped I pledged it through my phone in
the air I was like what the fuck so let
me show you this so uh last night one of
my Twitter followers uh he made an edit
like a Eric Bledsoe edit and um so like
he tagged me in in I liked it it was
sick look let me show you it so here it
is you know there's Eric Bledsoe and
focus there's a wet zone if you see like
in the corner it says bro waters and my
logo on it and um yeah so I like dance
stuff literally I start getting a bunch
of notifications like dude look at this
look at this what the notifications were
telling me to look at what look at air
but those profile picture so here's air
but
profile on Twitter yes he still follows
me yes my phone screen is still cracked
okay now check out his profile picture
guys
Aaron Bledsoe's profile picture has my
it has bro waters and my logo on it look
I can't make this up so Eric Bledsoe
follows me devin booker falls me and now
Eric Bledsoe has did like now listen now
I'm not saying oh he watches my videos
and he wants to promote me no none of
that I don't even care it was probably
an accident he probably didn't even see
it he made like my name is on a rebuttal
profile picture bro Wallace with my logo
and like I flipped out I legit had to
step out like I was just like babe look
Lawrence look Bryan Bryan went crazy cuz
Bryan knows what a big deal that is like
all the suns fans like my friends on
Twitter we're literally going crazy like
I don't know how like guys honestly I
just feel so like connected with the
team especially with Bledsoe and Booker
like I literally love the suns and the
only thing that can like put this big of
a smile on my face is something that
Phoenix Suns related and the fact that
this happen I don't know that's actually
insane and crazy like I was so high I
didn't know how to react and um that's
honestly one of the best thing that's
ever happened to me
boggling
here I'll put them on the couch so what
dad how does it feel your first time
ever vacuuming first time maybe for you
know for you
I'm about to hop in the shower about to
hop in the shower I can't record for you
guys because of some bullshit YouTube
rules where you can't put yourself naked
or whatever I don't know I think it's
stupid
my dad and cousin doing some dirty work
some business guys this is my cousin
Gilbert he's never had a chance to
formally introduce himself go Gilbert
okay that's Gilbert you guys know my
skill Burt let me tell you what I know
him as this is my cousin who is Jackie's
neighbor he's literally right across
from her house so every time she steps
foot out of her window trucks sneak out
go to a party or every time she liked
someone whatever like all that this is a
man that I have him on speed on he had
my street down this is a man so he might
just be a cousin to you guys but he
might just get cousin to Anthony but to
me he's much more than that he's a
security guard my secret weapon
now all the comments dude what do I have
a girlfriend owned trust her it's a joke
a joke surprised you didn't do anything
yeah yeah took you to the VIP room
yeah puzzle you can't do that
my girlfriend thinks she lives here what
did you just buy
she just bought toothbrushes first of
all she bought orange and purple and she
won't let me have one
what Gilbert guys did you hear Gobert
you look good
the slicked back hair she bought two
toothbrushes orange and purple on
purpose just to not give me one but look
at my toothbrush orange and purple guys
I'm like scared to use it because I feel
like it's so sacred how rare is that a
Phoenix on toothbrush not really but
it's orange and purple
babe look what shirt I'm wearing okay
when was last time I wore this it's been
at least a week I swear you were you
wore that dress like eight times this
week okay god I'm just joking she just
bought it I love it that's all that
matters I know the one who needs a
freaky which one is mine imma take one
long which one did you use the purple
and I'll tell you I used orange okay now
use the purple
alright now your sword I'll take both on
this table hey yeah my guys because
you're not cutting my appointments on
Monday no for my goatee Yeah right
hey guys without the goatee I would
literally be ten years old babe if you
kill one piece my goatee do you see the
ponytail right here I'll chop it from
the top down okay I'll come and sit look
sticking up it it's cuz I just got off
the shower it's cuz I just got out of
the shower okay
you can't cut it
have your heart you can't wear that
dress around me
now I can't even record my basketball
shorts it's true look it's in the washer
oh I thought it was much ok why'd you
ask if you knew hey if you take my sock
off home and take your dress off let's
put it that way so go ahead take my
socks off
I'm just joking yeah but I'll take it
off without you taking off my sock guys
you know I don't know how to kiss soft
remember that big what I saw please let
them know what I'm doing okay yeah yeah
that one of them tell me some B's we
used to call Brandon the purple one day
hello Nicky Ryan a stinky week Wow mom
limit key bacala
she wants she bought this for me and she
wants to take it back what do you want
me to do play with him yeah I carry it
everywhere with me at my birthday party
my mom said you're a liar no I swear to
god there's a picture of me crying with
Lala right next to me okay well you're
not taking this back please oh my god oh
my god what you know what the only P
yeah tell them what age you made me a
man watch it
Loki or fuck tell them - no not - I
swear five horses my mom with this start
literally yes used to make me and Brian
watch The Exorcist when we were kids you
wonder why I'm so fucked in the head
no wonder there is a ghost in the house
this is the only movie make me this
scares me it's scary really that you
really want to watch it yeah I told my
girlfriend she is the Exorcist that's
you yeah
that's literally her when up when she's
mad at me because my mom said that she's
making us chicken sandwiches but she did
have tomatoes and she came upstairs and
she said she Loki found you to me here
goes another episode up an abusive
boyfriend go ahead guys look this is a
loyal boyfriend she said I'm gonna go
through your text and I'm supposed to be
like oh shit
but you take off my fingerprint no this
game oh he got touched I don't know
thought the fella but he did get touched
on the hand wasn't canto here where he
has another ball well he made the three
hey how much do you love basketball
mm-hmm that much what do you love more
basketball or me thanks oh he meets
James Harden Oh Oh guys this game is
crazy the Clippers have no Redick no
Blake Griffin no DeAndre Jordan no Chris
Paul no Paul Pierce
you would think this is a fucking blow I
said thereby to listen I didn't know
Michael Jordan came out of retirement
and was number 25 and had the last name
Rivers I thought Michael Jordan was the
owner for the Bobcats motherfucking
Austin Rivers is literally Michael
Jordan I don't know what kind of drugs
he took before the game but this dude is
on fire so he literally has the oiliest
face in the world I'm serious no it's
literally oil you can cook three egg
breakfast on Doc Rivers face guys guess
who's sleeping over guess well I'm going
to go pick up his name starts with F and
ends with I it rhymes with muck boy he
looked like the Pillsbury Dough Boy and
it's time to go pick up Anthony because
he's spending the night
we're gonna grab some food after I pick
him up and then come back home I don't
even know we're gonna do but I was bored
he was bored and we both on spring break
so fuck boy spending the night
God you love the song I told them tells
buried oh boy sleeping over crapple bees
you like crap oh please answer me cold
it is I know it's fucking crazy what I'm
wearing I didn't know we were going here
yeah I thought we were getting to go we
just on top of your wings in Oh guys
honesty what you know guys I was just
about to say I always see people I know
here at fucking apples and ladies
getting the triple hog dare you
what made you want the triple hog dare
you
why not the April Fool's you know I got
so scared look so I saw one of my like
one of my friends from the gym and I'm
just talking to him and I was talking
all awkward and nervous Jackie fucking
commissioner go get a pregnancy test and
I have to go apologize to miss a a do
but she just told me was an April Fool's
prank she's a babe I'm just joking and I
have to go Paul Justin and say hey sorry
also awkward and like scared eyes haha
body guys how long has it been it's been
like 10 minutes we still don't know what
we want to eat what did you ask
I said it's me killed still fucking dead
girl ass on Twitter with RIT meet you
still dead guys you really doesn't know
about the beef with Drake and meek mill
what do you mean like doesn't that
boneless wings well I know when don't
you always forget to vlog when you have
food I'm literally a fucking animal
guys I showed Anthony the Eric Bledsoe a
beer Annie what do you think does he
fucking know everything I don't fucking
know but I was this is crazy
wait when did you find yes last night
after you left I went crazy I was
telling everybody to just someone to the
guys they're playing become brush listen
it's not big-time rustic I just got draw
they said drunk how much does that know
they don't know they don't say drunk
we don't victim run yeah uh the city's
guys look at my water compared to
Anthony I honestly just forgot to drink
water I have macho sick chicken wings
steak Marcello's and fries and I didn't
think water even one Kevin why do I for
like days and a glint of language we
didn't even get here tell me how do you
know it because he eats like a fucking
pig you are a pig you are getting your
little dinosaur action my my soul into
the for having loved the home important
just in my life though it's realistic
for the bad gang shit how long I don't
want it long walk through the fucking
pig Wow shows moron you do not get crazy
cat is blood covered all over guys
behind the scenes of what I post on
Instagram it's all up to be I literally
wake up they start from the beginning
tell me what's good and bad about that
this is good because like the filter is
good yeah clear like your face is just
say yo and x1 and Jackie's bulge oh man
don't zoom in so sorry so this one like
your face kind of hidden behind Jackie's
it's so like does it show Venus yeah is
that why you never post a selfie of you
in your life actually deals berry then
this would you but yeah my feet in the
water long face literally what a long
face bro water but Daly's unit that was
yeah she always looks good don't say
that yeah what you guys look at this it
this or your face just look at my
favorite right here like I look like a
durable fish from Petco the this one is
just blurry how is it blurry it's like a
look at your face in this like it's like
okay but Saudi compared to that so which
one would you pick mmm
this one but why be as clear like good
filter and your face doesn't look like
long like a fit okay now we've picked
the picture we have to talk the
background
Anthony listen before guys Anthony wants
to go get snacks and I'm not letting him
go until he picks it and they look
fucking white old blur actually you like
this one or white or black no another
boy the black Disick's fucking weird
okay say why I'm gonna punch you in your
face but why do you think it because
you're just fucking done but I need a
reason okay this one but this is like a
what kids were okay then do this one Hey
the white one you like the wine yeah I
like the white I like the blue one more
maybe it says something kid what should
I post the wire or fucking seen my
fuckin should I post the white or blur
oh yeah
wait showed ago video Joe the video I
was like actually like I was trying to
record you yeah so like your way this a
fucking Jackie let's show you where
everyday
Anthony the wire blur hurry up on the
bike why but why do you say what well
why do you say the white one guys
Goodin if I say blur you're gonna say oh
it looks confusing oh I want to know why
you like why cuz I like the blurred
hey don't touch it don't touch Jackie
guys a Devin Booker special on NBA TV
buddy
fucking down oh my god I love him splash
splash
yes fucking right look to end the vlog
hope you guys enjoy wake up boy
somebody's take balls it for walls like
the 7th time let's end this vlog guys
where's Bosley Oh father what are you
doing downstairs come upstairs Anthony's
waiting for you come here guys I'm
hanging Oh both of it's for coming I
really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
just as much as I enjoyed Anthony
sleeping on my house guy's balls who is
trying to sleep next day Anthony Anthony
ping kicked him out close the doors I
know why his boogers on my trying to
wipe his eyes Booker's on them like this
what do you think about Anthony Loki
Louis
