okay guys right yeah what is going on
you guys Brandon here aka providers and
today i am bringing you guys a brand new
video
with my family papa phase road aka
justin bieber now i'll have been
generous no no I want to be Justin
Bieber of God so with Brian's gone here
he thinks oh it's like Justin Bieber I
think he looks like hell and do no I
don't think I like hope people see me as
I see Ellen but there's nothing wrong
with that though she's yeah and my best
friend technically not family but like
he's family but today's video we are
going to be doing a real life would you
rather so in this bowl we have eight
there's always seven beers and one path
so we're each gonna draw two cards one
of us is gonna be lucky and get the pass
and only have to do one dare how do you
decide who goes first
rock-paper-scissors to oldest yeah
Twenty twenty one twenty the plan robots
appear only on sale for two more days so
if you want to get your votes the link
is down below go to the link in the
description get your merch only
available two more days I love you guys
and now let's see Dennis get a brutal
punishment hopefully to Moodle don't
look he's stirring the pot stir the pot
coming it up cooking it up drink water
oh but you have to get on your hands and
he has no one else complaining but the
mole yeah that's good plenty about the
most well what are you trying to say
about my dog he's clean yeah last month
yes it's not bad yeah he has an S Bosley
Bosley wait can really do it together
Dennis he'll get mad don't let him see
you look he's already getting a
oh he's squaring up he's running up on
Dee
Mazel don't kill me I'm sorry I'm sorry
Bosley it's a YouTube live bro okay so
bottling water it's out there is now
seven years left still nobody got the
past sorry Ellen
don't call me Ellen hey okay don't look
he's grabbing one he's grabbing one he
has one in sight okay would you want to
eat it I don't want to look I don't want
to look okay what do you think past
means it means you have to pass one of
these over again then you have to do the
dinner okay so there's no more passes in
here anymore
whoever sticks their hand in here I take
something enjoy to be a dear it's the
blonde hair look I think comment should
I pick oh how I think one for Devin
Booker I will read it here you read I
won't even look call anyone you guys can
get my phone and call anyone in my
contacts and tell them something
who are you guys gonna call first of all
and what are you guys gonna say as soon
we do your mom for a birthday just like
just say happy birthday how about you
take it easy I mean you call my mama we
just all say happy birthday because it's
yeah yeah yeah we don't want to do
they're like yeah we don't
birthday Joe did you get on the phone
and I remembered you guys can choose
anyone you want are you sure you want to
choose my ball Brian how do you remember
my password just tell me how I remember
my password cuz I lived with you for a
long time let's see who I have the best
voice what's this proves if you're Ellen
or Justin Bieber all my friends sex in
my mom would wait who was first detected
for your thing it was 12:05 last night I
went to Reuben you were sleeping and I
didn't want to wake you up but it would
have been me surely thank the other ones
your birthday because I make it pick
anyone from my contacts to call and like
say whatever they want so thank God it
was your birthday we decided to be nice
and just say happy birthday cuz imagine
they could have called any of my friends
or any girl or anyone and just say
whatever so thank you for being born on
January 12 1995 I mean 1996 Oh 1996
she's 21
no I'm 22 year 21 member here I know dad
probably secretly texted you to keep
stalling so he doesn't have to take but
it's his turn
so mom I appreciate you happy birthday
and we gotta go we love you okay dad
okay
she either way the man's gonna get a
deer there's no more pass let him look
follow that so even I wanted that so we
have a bowl of frosted flakes you know
right here and the trick is there's no
spoon there's no force for some cereal
of course on the bride
but you know I was just trying to be
funny he's gonna have to eat this bowl
of cereal
Oh hand my back in just using his mouth
wait can I get by no choice which way
I'm gonna be messing your beard already
have the white hair because you can't
tell it's milk I think your fool are you
okay one more there it took me until
this real life would you rather video 22
years of life to know where I finally
got my nose from my dad
Bosley laid down wedding sing leave it
okay guys so round one is done there's
four days left Brian can't get lucky
with the past anymore the four left
you're gonna have to take a bite from
the banana with the peel and it has to
be the end the bottom so what did you
offer that bad Brian got all seven
mighty I'm stupid
the other one take a bite from a bar of
soap this is my teeth Brian Rooney your
teen guru my old wife this it's not just
oh baby pop on your ass no you put bacon
on hand and you slap who gets it this
way that poor you show me your tush yeah
so the four days that it looks are all
pretty bad Dennis Bowie
that is gets picked we need a bigger pan
oh so the soul flat baby okay sorry I
wrote it wrong I both laugh baby baby
slap but I don't mean I don't mean slap
baby I mean maybe that's what I meant
Denny's is my boy I love it I don't
think I could be the one to wait wait if
you read the fine print it says we all
three at the slam okay Brandon you idiot
you didn't record that's just kidding I
know wait your phase deck hand out a
bigger pot oh my god that's like Kawhi
Leonard Yakko Hospital Yanni and they're
crispy from all the hard work he does so
okay three two one wait how much you put
it what are you doing yeah this you're
gonna smell like a baby's ass pretty
you're gonna get hit with just please
look down Oh what does that mean oh
you're gonna stand there
wait you're gonna get hit with all the
baby powder right okay no way growing up
with my head this is gonna hurt yeah
take it from experience uh-huh rod let's
go big rod right here
you don't move though okay right it's
hard oh oh my god oh my god
I'd run oh yeah don't eat it why are you
eating it
shimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy huh
whoa raagh my ears I'm cringing yeah
give me water and movin powder both lean
not money this is a punishment
Brandon no I'm being serious
you can tell me when you're ready okay
we should heat up the Ben oh yeah should
we put the pan on the flame
okay really not hard please I forgot
that Pierre came with a exclusive
massage after this video oh my gosh I
wonder what on please God want to be the
boss oh okay guys - there's left two
people left
we're either gonna buy you two a bar of
soap or bite into the whatever part of a
banana
yeah how about we just pick it both at
the same time instead of taking turns
with them
you want to okay so on here I'll let you
grab them first
oh wait I just have to at the same time
okay okay fight over it
we please God let me get banana and not
the soul please don't know so and the
whole soul
okay this your honor you just go slow
and pull the event let me do it
no no no all I'm gonna say that would
you take this and a first-round pick for
the banana I do
no no you can't do that you picked okay
fine
Brian and do a big yeah this isn't even
a new bar soap imagine how many times
you guys that played bathroom came in
and washed your hands
maybe they're taking a dump Oh a big
bite because you're a big show me how
big I think up to halfway hey guys just
so you know the soap took off the design
of this train and it's on here so to top
it off you're gonna chew it Riley not
just a violin a chew
Brian you want to go get me a poison too
and they need that this is soap it's
good for him is good for he's gonna
clean it up soon when uses for all the
bad stuff we've done unit you know yeah
on white so this is like I'll go to have
enough ready piss cuz it cleanses me
it's no good we'll go abandon go you
bite it yeah by default that's come off
Oh
Oh is he doing all swing up at least
you're smiling
Oh to whatever meal I eat for the next
month isn't a sign my dad accepted the
trainer over at my new house yeah donkey
hey stop the peel I think you're seeing
my initials watch watch hey next time I
need to wash my hands I got to play that
song video I'm praying that I have a
toothbrush upstairs because for those
who don't know I used to live here with
my family please drop a like on the
video please subscribe to the channel if
you're new my mother goes forget I need
to go throw Thank You Bryan
Thank You papa Danny's I love you guys
and I love you guys watching this video
I'm now
I can never ever find the right word and
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels right
