wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta sit
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you guys I was editing and I went
to go a place to order I went to my room
to call I come back Bosley's in my spot
Bosley are you gonna be editing for me
yeah edit please save me the troubles
guys guess what today four so four I
honestly think this is literally gonna
be like the greatest day of your guys's
life because for some reason every
single day I get dude go hang out with
Lawrence go back to hang out Lawrence
like that today me rug and Lawrence are
all hanging out the mall we're going to
the mall but look I booked oh my god
Bosley so yeah I actually have it hung
out I've seen Lawrence a couple of times
like in the last two months but I
honestly haven't hung out like with
Lawrence in like the past two months and
then today I'm gonna go because usually
him and Bryan they go to a mall blog and
stuff and I'm usually busy today I have
nothing to do the like I said the
basketball hoop at the gym is fucking
broken it's done the glass shattered
everything and like my whole body feels
sore so if I workout it's like it
wouldn't be as effective so I'm just not
going to the gym Jackie's at work I'm
about to finish editing my video I'm
free I'm free today so we're gonna go
hang out and oh shit tomato my mom just
came through with some kebab shop mama
sit right here
yeah thank you I have no idea she didn't
tell me the price over the phone cuz you
probably know I wouldn't have showed us
yeah those are both rugs guys were
helping rug pack for Ohio
crying getting ready will it's turned up
shower guys I mean you open Laurens here
well first is never mind again this
fucking red line because there was cars
in front of me but uh I'm meeting up
with Lawrence right here and when I pull
up to his car I'm gonna play his intro
it's only Ryobi ously I started over for
him come on I'm about to hit this
fucking red life okay Lawrence you bitch
you ruined it he's calling me hold on
let me come from him
Lawrence ruined it yeah he texted me uh
hold on guys you hear that question look
at this Lawrence fight game I'm also
gonna have to put gas if you guys might
know if you guys wait I'll get him I
don't care I'm just saying out to put
King Lawrence 10 minutes to get there
yeah 10 minutes to get there five
minutes huh to get there get the gas and
come back yeah you know I Drive fast
okay wait hold on after we do it
I know okay so
so
you guys heard Lawrence gave me 15 to 20
minutes to go pick up Anthony fill up my
car with gas and go all the way back to
the spot we were at you realize
Anthony's house just from the fog
arrives already like 10 minutes away so
Lawrence is to rip in he's not tripping
he's tripping with a CH go bitch no um
say let me tell you the plan we are
about to go to the mall you know the
usual fucking hanging out go to the mall
do some dumb shit we barely even buy any
things and after that we're actually I'm
meeting up with Jackie and they're
saying together but we're all going to
the same spot so pretty much we're gonna
meet up with Jackie later and I'm not
sure what we're gonna do but I think
we're gonna do something well I know
what I'm gonna do or who I'm gonna do
but I'm just joking or am i joking this
emoji
well I didn't realize the lighting was
so bad so yeah we're going to hang out
just us boys right now and then later on
late later to midnight meeting up with
Jackie so when she gets off work and now
I'm picking up buck boy okay at the gas
station number three for Brandon night
so there's probably gonna be the worst
guys I've ever put fuck-boy open this
tell them what I have someone huh I'm
not there to chocolate smuggling rolled
rows rows watch their mind
I got L point loco true tacos I'm not
even hungry but since we're gonna be out
for a long time I just had them just in
case
Anthony wasn't shocked when he saw them
it's cute tacos cabron well with the
volume were high all right guys show me
the vermin here back new video today I'm
gonna mall with my cousin Brandon well
and I'm use my car for tonight I'm good
come on where is it
oh my god my god no play oh who cares
all the better CD Don don't I love wait
who's Jesse Katsopolis oh thank you tell
is that guys you know sometimes Brandon
says and does shit how do you know
you're just opening your model look him
up look among the boys does he call so
diviner c.q brigham as a ballplayer all
right I and record your reaction only by
our boys I like your hair like that so
much more this scares Jesse cuts up you
know him stop doing this Olivia fucking
start
fucking show family whatever Brian way I
want to get you myself I did you guess a
mess in my glove compartment you want to
get it I want to do it it it I want to
get it and I guess what is it just I
need them get me my thing from a glove
compartment I need it for the ball the
plug is it's crack fucking talking oh
this all right let's do it
you know advantage yeah you know you
know this word what instead of saying
fuck Jesse man you don't like you don't
say oh you know baking away we're just
yes so all the kids can say it - Annie
go to mom and say no yeah why cuz
they're gonna tape ya know what can see
what you can say lifesaving in Florence
I like Lawrence's hair better like I
swear you get no more O'Dell it's
cleaned up O'Dell tell me what you in
traffic noise when can I get on your
casting couch I was next in line noise
so you can be next actually just goes
next and then your name but you have
already done Jessie a lot of times well
like she has to be here usually by
everyone else just interviewed by desk
within you piss himself I am Lawrence
one through ten how about you have to
pee hundred percent
done I didn't say prison I have to pee
so bad guys were stuck in such bad
traffic right now
but I mean we're gonna make it yeah you
could piss him Brian now put the volume
up right last night
hi I'm sorry cuz it's fucking night both
of our which show the crack both of our
foot
oh shit whatever button our phones are
crack I need to know i watch
Oh
I love anyone
I love baby womp
Ryan only Kalyan only only Playfair you
off the rest of the way your past right
Brian you're more handicapped you get my
supervisor right if anyone has the pass
of this family's Brian then
ah God
what boy here he's going boy Sherman the
bridges
you have to get the closet for the door
you got to get concentrate guys no
matter where you are
after peace so bad
with eco he was very right here a
concert right here and most wanted
different I know the month it's cuz it's
a Wednesday
okay bye we're going to go get food this
is why I actually why I'm in love with
Anthony's down to get food 24/7 like no
matter whether like he just loves food
where we gonna eat
holy shit they're so much when you study
remember this is up you know the NASA
world miles on a - got a run found up
aghast
okay I'm not going to get extrapolate
I'm sorry I'm gonna get a damn cake on
stage
just eating a Chipotle honestly guys I
know Chipotle typed a bottle like I
don't like to pull it
ah yeah what food doesn't know honestly
I don't like Chipotle
Bryan and Lawrence told us that they
would they were here so we're waiting
for that oh they might already be in the
bathroom come guys is it illegal to
record in a bathroom in a public one
because I'm about to do that I think
Bryan and Lawrence are inside fuck God
did Alicia Keys god I've ended up in so
long let's see
Bryan Bryan oh they're not come here
yeah no they're not okay so they are not
in the bathroom the bottom where are
they I think Bryan is trying to Dateline
so they're not on this one
hold it right there
my child
yeah you don't even know I'm over it
yeah cuz fries taking a piss and there's
a car right there with people in it I'm
probably taking a piss right here Brian
probably taking place with the guy
already going ok guys back at my car
because before we go out out not the
mall the mall is just the appetizer now
we're really before we go out out for
the night I need to go home and change
because this shit ain't fresh so I like
you
yeah and I'll show my Pig up your ass
why you gonna Anthony are so considerate
did you know that but your cell fuck boy
again right spigot prime only pees in
public at my house when it goes I when
it's the middle of the night and bran
wakes up to go pee he doesn't go to
about the pee goes in the backyard and
he goes B he takes Bosley down with him
guys where's P right now Oh guys look at
once again what dude it's some guys like
oh c'mon boys
I honestly don't day I got any other
vlog but I guys I said I was gonna come
home to dress fresh because I wasn't
fresh enough but then I thought about it
and I said we don't care about these
hoes so I literally came home to dress
down look basketball shorts some fucking
alley socks obviously not the this tank
but just like a regular old jacket
okay guys so I didn't get any footage
from what late last night because my
camera died but if you follow me on
snapchat you saw some things me Brian
Lawrence and Jackie and fuck put on an
out hey lovely and puzzle on crime Oh
guys look he doesn't know jack about
space bug li you want to go see Jackie
yes Oh Brian Brian just got picked up by
the uber to go to Ohio and he's gone for
the next four days I'm not gonna lie I'm
gonna miss him a little bit but he's
gonna have a bunch of fun gonna go meet
up with all his closest friends so I
hope you guys enjoyed this song cause
she's in my room go go
Amy I would not date you if you look
like that if we're being real no fuck
that
that's right oh and one last thing for
in this vlog Deandra Russell snitch
