no one long-distance I need you when I
see potential I just gotta say though if
you had a twin I would still choose you
it is McDonald because believe it or not
I have never tried a McGriddle I've
never tried a McGriddle never I think
it's like fucking like pancakes or like
some type of bread with a sausage
Jamia sounds gross to me actually sounds
gross like the concept of something
sweet between something like that's like
I'm I just don't get the two mixers so
we're gonna go to McDonald's try
McGriddle hopefully there's no bump in
front of you can instead of backing out
of this parking spot I'll go forward so
let's find out yeah I'm gonna try
McGriddle if that's even what the fuck
it's called
and I'm not gonna say I'm scared but
let's just say that I don't expect to
like it but we go find out um hi can I
get one McGriddle please Thank You Man
appreciate it
next window please oh shit oh shit two
cars in front of me oh shit where's my
car oh oh it's in this pocket okay guys
so we're gonna try the McCrystal oh Sh I
love the song
the girlfriend me saw me doing that guys
I smelled the like pancake or whatever
is the bun I smell it through the I'm
saying before my part came on I I love
saying before my part came on had that
thing before my pocket as I was saying
before my part is that I can actually
smell like I don't know if it's like
syrup on the sandwich or if it's like
blueberry or something I smell something
sweet and it actually kind of smells
good so I'm not gonna lie
it's literally 50% good and 50% bad like
half the choose I do are like this is so
good and then the other half is like
like that the song
is literally just I don't know like I
really don't know if it's good or bad my
guy said it's weird like I'm not saying
it's gross I'm not saying it's delicious
it's just weird like no let's go check
them positive shove this up the desk
guys although I had a really healthy
breakfast
the McCrystal I'm gonna go to a gym
right now with my boy Jordan we're gonna
go work out the basketball hoop the
basketball court is closed down for two
to three weeks do you see this smile
definitely is not a smile my JIT my
basketball hoop core at the gym that I'm
at 24/7 is down because some dumb ass
this probably took his girlfriend to the
gym found out he could dunk so he tried
his fucking ass off to I don't know do
an impressive dunk and broke the hoo
the hoop is legit like oh the glass
shattered I wasn't there but somebody
told me and they closed the courts down
I don't know either some idiot fucking
though I've been squatting so I can dunk
or he brought his girl to the gym and
just fucking decided to show off or
something whatever it was somebody broke
the hoop and it down for two to three
weeks so what I used to say oh I'm gonna
go lift and I got attempted to play
that's all I got no excuses now I got to
do some serious straight lifting for two
to three weeks so I'm about to go work
out with my boy Jordan you guys know
Jordan he's been my vlogs a couple of
times with Ollie but all these at work
so it's just me and Jordan no basketball
the only time I can play basketball for
like the next month would be if I go to
a whole nother gym far away or if I play
in the street right here but that's no
fun brah guys look at Booker just
chillin Basel II just want went on a
date with him I think Bob that goes both
ways
but um well I already knew that based on
how he acts with rug guys let me show
you when you got a keeper aka Jackie's
my girlfriend is a keeper let me tell
you why so yesterday the Suns were down
by 20 the fourth quarter was about to
start you know game over right I texted
her we're gonna go out to dinner and I
was like a bit like I'm about to leave
my house okay Devin Booker fucking goes
on a rampage she scores like ten
straight points for the sons and I
texted her I was like hey babe so this
here's a screenshot and she's and look
what she replied
as when you got a keeper you know she's
a keeper get yourself a girl like that
okay and now I have to go to the gym
Jordan's waiting on me we got some
weights to lift we got some muscles to
be pumped oh shit Tendai lemons sit
Bosley
sit sit or you want to treat sit sit sit
okay we're gonna take a picture for your
first date hold on wait look say cheese
you got a Bosley and Booker okay Bosley
and now I'll give give him a kiss give
him a kiss look it i'ma kiss Mosley
Bosley's don't be so awkward that never
works be yourself just just stick it in
Bosley going wrong go yeah right there
from the back Oh Bosley likes the kitten
licking the ear action oh you weren't
feeling it Bosley oh he needs the condom
go go
he's waiting Bosley go look I put the
treats in my shoes look get them Bosley
he smells them I think he can fit his
head he doesn't know where they're at
get it balls it go get it buzz Lee oh
you fucking got it okay there just take
the other one just take it just see okay
come up slowly slowly like make it sad
guys he's going to Ohio when guys get
away from my brother rug free for how
long four days five five Thursday
morning and I come back Monday night
Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday
oh hopefully no miss Monday Night Raw
okay
I'm gonna miss it damn
and how about Thursday ECW okay mom I'm
about to go to the gym any last words
hey Bosley Bosley why don't you sit on
my lap like that mom but you're Bosley
second date today Bosley is literally
the bachelor this was a date number one
buzzer when do you make your choice guys
I don't know why I've been getting such
bad headaches recently I think it's
because I started know it yeah I know
that's all I was gonna say I start
editing really late at night right
before I sleep so I fall asleep while
editing and then when I wake up I go
straight back to editing so like I sleep
with a laptop in my lap and then I go to
sleep and then I wake up and right away
get back to editing so it's just like
and it's dark so the laptop light is
just shining in my face I don't know
what it is but and I've been taking
these like I'm gonna take yeah too much
ink you think no that gets rid of the
headache but I've been taking these
drugs they're illegal it's called
cvs/pharmacy headache relief oh no it's
the last one mom they're drugs it's
jammed I can't say it in front of my mom
saw it back up here I was like looking
over my comments and some of the like
some of the comments on Jackie's
Instagram picture we're saying Jackie's
ugly so I tweeted I said guys I don't
care if you think my girls ugly I don't
date her based on what you guys think i
day her what I think in my head
regard regardless of what you guys stay
sane we also would you guys think in my
head she's sexy as fuck at the end at
the end of the day she gets off work she
comes home she get to my bed and she
sits on my face so it doesn't matter
what you guys think I almost went to the
gym in my size medium shirt so I wasn't
playing basketball I was working out so
you have to get the extra small when you
go to a party before you keep mom zoom
in a little to show how smack the shirt
is you've gotta get the extra small you
know we're always two sizes smaller
I want ten I want to have a good time
normal literally heartbroken I'm forced
to lift right now we've got all the
Hooper's for store account we got post
post workout meal Jordan literally
forcing me to eat healthy
we're at the kebab shop but you got
French dog on the side though why would
I why would I go tan
I'm not pale I'm darker than you
if I tell me go I'm gonna go to the
beach naked so jack is in LA right now I
told you she went to buy these shoes now
like all day with her friend they're
like going shopping
aka she's probably cheating on me but
it's all good we'll live huge news in
the Awards household not that Bosley
gives a shit I'm verified on Instagram
we just got brother verified on IG my
brother felt like near impossible
Instagram Bosley would you at least like
say congrats or something I just heard
my brother scream what did you say
graduation regret value look them all
was Sherman the virgin book boy
everybody coming yeah okay I'll see you
there
guys he's a fucking liar he's not he
doesn't want to come I'm picking Anthony
up and we're going to the mall father
how about you you want to come I'm going
to the mall one direction I love them
Jonas Brothers
we gotta get a daughter
this is Harriet Tubman for Harry Styles
stylist guys it's fucking raining listen
this is why you listen to your parents I
left the house in a plain whitey my mom
and dad no see Josh Mindy that means go
wear something it's cold
I said no it's fine it's an indoor mall
fucking rain itsy bit just
down came the fucking rain and fucking
watch spider out
what do you now came the Fetty WAP been
saying damn no I ordered a corndog she
literally said 76 cents
for watch squad
Anthony's periscoping in my vlog oh you
can't read what you guys are saying just
tell me you love me too fast just tell
me why me that's it okay Laurens going
more than my vlog Larry the lobster
before the fuck five days this was on
Easter yeah
were you trying to fuck her man Steph
what did I ask before when you shot me
with the rubber band
no I asked you for water you never got
me the water is another one where I am
Brandon slave once again
the lighting in here is really bad
here's this water I think I should
present it guys I came out to get my
camera from my car I love you hold on
Anthony and I have gotten Jackie
Cinnabon from the mall on my car smells
like look right there in my car smells
like straight-up Cinnabon we're gonna do
the outro Anthony house and then imma go
see Jackie she just got back from LA
Chester show periscope Brian's the man
in this relationship he does over 30
Brian does all the dirty work I just
give him what he wants that night so
yeah guys I'm ending my blog right here
I got to go see my girlfriend
Oh Stephanie's friends get ready to say
what's up to the vlog guys this is why
you guys cover your face okay this is
Jackie but you have to change your name
that could not be one Jackie in this
world and Hannah okay she could be no
hey you know my name guys though that
Stephanie's fans are having a sleepover
hey you still have her locks guys
periscope say bye to the vlog no show it
we're doing the outro hold on let me try
to focus okay let's see come on go with
Brandon check TN she's the dog outside
she's literally Bosley okay guys say bye
to the vlog bye from duty peace from
Seattle SuperSonics Seattle super flog
love you abandon I love you - I love
Brandon's intro Thank You Man
bye Brandon's Oh Buddha r.i.p to my babu
done a couple minutes cuz I got me a
Cinnabon and I got Jackie one too and I
was gonna wait to eat it with her but
honestly babe you are taking way too
long
so I'm gonna start eating this but guys
to end my vlog I have great news so I
just got back from Jackie's house but
guess who's parked right behind me we're
about it's my house Jackie she's
spending the night
hashtag lit I'm out oh babe how much was
this okay where how you would where I
want to see I think
guys like I put it way too tight and now
I can't take it off guys the plate for
the Queen I love you too and mine right
here oh wait napkins wait you have to
split them guys do I have some news for
you
so today guess I'm hanging out with mom
would you like to answer that for the
end of this vlog so today you guys might
want to see tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna be
vlogging all day today me rug and
Lawrence are all hanging out we're gonna
go to the mall we're gonna go out
tonight I think we're gonna go downtown
I don't even know yet so you guys might
want to tune in to tomorrow's vlog I'm
just giving you guys a hint me and
Lawrence haven't like I've seen Lawrence
a bunch of times between like the last
two months but me and him haven't hung
out in like over them like two months so
today we're gonna hang out I'm excited
Lawrence and inside it Bryan decided
well Bryan probably just acts excited
but he hates me so I don't know so boys
are back me and Lawrence hanging out
today check out the vlog tomorrow for
more on that
that's what who do I think I am
promoting myself on my own channel
anyways I don't care if you guys want to
follow me on Twitter snapchat or
Instagram those are the three social
medias I'm not gonna lie I'm addicted to
them I'm very active I use them all day
right here bro wadis that's my name for
a snapchat that's funny for an Instagram
that's my name for everything Twitter
robotics follow me check me out
I am out you guys Bosley is literally
knocked out he was actually watching me
edit I actually loved him today for some
reason pussy to bomb knocked him out
from his day previously one last thing
before I go some of you might know what
I'm talking about I'm a Libra short and
simple D'Angelo Russell snitch
