don't know what long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it swing I would still
choose you this is the third fucking
time I'm watching this game third time
it's 1:30 a.m. it's almost 2:00 in the
morning
third time I'm watching this game i have
literally memorized everything that
happens look here the sun's are gonna
miss watch miss off Here I am
almost 3:00 in the morning reading
people's opinions about Brandon Ingram
or Ben Simmons it's really interesting
to see how people think on this week
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka April waters if I sound dead is
because I literally just woke up like
you could just tell from how I look I
just woke up I'm about to go to school
Tuesday and be there all day psych it's
spring fucking break I have no class
dabbe no fucking class I'm so happy I'm
so happy no class today no cost small no
class Thursday no class until next week
fuck my voice it's done guys look at
this giraffe that Jackie bought me
yesterday
I named him Booker sub Booker cuter than
Bosley and look
unlike Bosley Booker give me kiss see
unlike Bosley he actually listens fuck
you Bosley fuck you
can't start your day without insulting
bosses like that's like starting today
without brushing your teeth but um let
me tell you it's going on right now I'm
on my way to go meet up with Jackie just
for a couple minutes because she is
actually going to LA with their friend
all day they're going to OB they're
going like Beverly Hills like the Oviedo
store
there's only shopping you guys don't
know Los Angeles a bunch of specials a
bunch of deals everything is cheaper in
LA like shoes that you can buy here for
a hundreds of dollars you can buy them
there for like 80 bucks
same exact thing so she's going shopping
with her friend like all day so this is
like the only time I can see her so
about to me I've got like a couple
minutes I know I know she's going to LA
for the whole day she's obviously gonna
cheat on me but as long as she still
wasn't he's fine
I don't see anything wrong with that she
still loved me so first of all guys look
at this pimple bug
look goddamn I'm a name this one Booker
and look at my forehead wrinkles how old
am i I'm only fucking 20 years old why
do I have to be like 80 anyways one more
for spring break one more dad for Devin
Booker one more oh I can't do it good
here because the door one more dad for
Jackie cheating on me today
okay guys not to hype you guys up too
much or anything not to get your car I'm
too hot actually not to hype you guys up
too too much or anything but I have a
really important announcement that I'm
gonna announce at the end of this vlog
and it's it's a pretty big thing okay
guys me but I'm gonna announce at the
end of this vlog not right now also
another thing guys I'm fucking this is
the best morning of my life this is the
greatest morning ever and let me tell
you why so I had a little song stuck in
my head the greatest song of all time
like when it first came out it still is
the greatest song of all time and you
know I'm like talking about it with my
cousin Stephanie and I just go on Apple
music for fun I've been talking about
the song for days I love this song it's
fucking grace on
me and buying you syllabus song I
fucking love this song this okay let me
sorry guys
so I gon fuck I totally gonna win but I
was talking about the song the greatest
song ever so I'm like talking about the
song ah wait so I'm like talking about
this song and I go on Apple the music oh
my god I go on Apple music just for fun
like just to look at the song and the
song is there the song is fuckin on
Apple music I was listening to it all a
day I'm not like you think Jackie's
going to Los Angeles I'm about to drive
to Los Angeles just so I can roll all my
windows around and blast this song all
fucking day I don't want to also tell
you guys what the song is right now I'm
gonna wait til the end of this vlog to
reveal this song but I need to listen to
it right now guys I'm sorry so let me
turn the camera off cuz I need to listen
I'm driving and I'm not gonna listen to
the song fuck that I'll get back to you
guys after I hear this song it's really
good
let me just hit you with some stats on
Devin Booker just really quick
so yesterday Devin Booker scored 30
points for the fifth time this season
the fifth time he leads all rookies in
30 point games let me tell you this
he didn't even start playing until
booked until a blood cell went down with
injury so he leads all rookies and 33
games and he didn't even play the first
two months late like three games second
no rookie has scored 30 points five
times in a season this year besides
Booker nobody did it last year and
nobody did it the year before the last
rookie to actually do that was Damian
Lillard in 2012-2013 that was a lot of
surgery to score 30 points and Damian
Lillard was 22 years old he was a senior
coming out Booker did it at 19 years old
like I can't make these stats up these
are stats these are facts I'm not making
this up out my ass these are you can
look these up and they're legit
also the fact that he's being asked to
play out of position what sells out so
Booker is being asked to play point
guard half the time the shooting guard
he's being asked to play out of position
he's being asked to run the offense and
he's producing this kid is gonna be
special I don't know how many times I
have to say that he scored 30 points or
more four times this month four times
just this month in March he's averaging
23 points and over five assists this is
the youngest player in the whole NBA the
youngest player in the whole NBA he's
supposed to be the most raw guys you
want to know something absolutely insane
and crazy and damn near miraculous
yesterday night I hit 400k subscribers
this morning like at 9:00 a.m. on that
405 four hundred and five thousand how
does that even happen I'm like I'm so
thankful you guys I don't know how much
more I can say I say it literally in
every single video I don't know it's
crazy crazy crazy crazy it's crazy
oh yeah and another thing Devin Booker
listen to me if you're watching this I
know you watch all my videos I realize
you're really good I realize you're a
good player but please stop trying to
make the sons win every game the Suns
are down by like 20 and out of nowhere
Devin Booker goes on this scoring turn
brings our son so close to winning and
then they put Brandon Knight in the game
and lose so it's all good that's what we
have Brandon Knight for just to help us
lose and get Ben Simmons honestly guys
you want a quick little summary of
Brandon Knights career let me give you
this so last night in the first half the
first two quarters
he scored 27 points 27 in the first half
and he hit six three-pointers so how
many points you guys think he's gonna
end up with just make your prediction
right now 27 in the first half you want
to know why he ended the game with 30
points he scored three in the second
half this is exactly the reason I can't
like I don't want him on my team like
how can you it's one thing to be
inconsistent from game to game you know
if you scores 41 game and 10 the next
thing that's bad enough that's called
being inconsistent but you're literally
so inconsistent between even halves like
you came and have a full good game bull
game with like it just that's literally
sums up his career 27 points six threes
in the first
have three points in the second half I
just can't
please trade Brandon Knight please
please please I just have a quick little
story to tell you guys so yesterday I
went to the barbershop you know I'll get
my hair cut I got fades whatever I got
the haircut and the last time I went the
previous time last week Jackie came with
me we were together and I had a haircut
appointment so she just came first of
all I hit 400k while I was in the barber
chair I wanted to literally jump out of
my chair I was like bursting with
excitement he's trying to cut my hand
I'm just like guys I just did 400 K and
they're just like good shit but um so
yeah they pretty much all met her and I
go to get my cut yesterday and my barber
goes hey Brandon your girl actually
seems really nice she seems really cool
really sweet like I'm happy for you and
I was like oh thanks Tony
in the back of my head you know your
barber shop tells you your girls sweet
your girl's cool you know damn well once
you're out that door they're talking
about her but there's no they're talking
about how sexy she is there's no way the
barber a barbershop listen to me all my
people who go get haircuts regularly if
you have a barber shop that you know
people from a barber shop tells you your
girl is sweet and you know she seems
really cool you know damn well the
second you step out that door did you
see her ass oh that girl was so sexy
come on guys I'm not stupid but hey
those are my barbers you can't hey I
love my barbers tell my well I only have
one barber but all the barbers in the
shop are my homies I swear I fucking
love you guys
prime time barbershops I don't know if
you've heard of this new dance move it
just came out a few days ago it's called
the dab it's sometimes if you want to
use it on a sit in a sentence dab on
them so you know you go like it's a
little motion you just go dad and you
can see you can even say dad like that
so I don't know if you guys have heard
of it it just came out like yesterday
but guys in this major if I say guys one
more time this major announcement that
I'm about to tell you guys at the end of
this vlog is something that I'm looking
forward to for my 21st birthday the big
two one number 21 like Alex Len I'm
turning 21 and this is like what I
announce is something to do with my 21st
birthday so that's something to look
forward to also I'm honestly more
excited to tell you guys the name of the
song
it's greatest song of the of the 18 or
the 1900s on so you guys have two things
to look forward to at the end of all
this vlog
she doesn't know how to pump gas I said
I'm not a parking guys get you a guy
that will do the work for you look at my
fur coat it's fake
guys look out here new shoes they move
your toes
look how like comfy bailiff you can
literally see her feet through it
no you're supposed to do is shirtless
while I'm in the car baby I think it's
the other way no yeah it's that way and
then and then with the sharp part go do
that part
what should I eat
let's show you this song I was so hyped
I didn't know what's on Apple music you
have to tell me okay guys so I just bid
my farewell to Jackie for the day I'm
not gonna see her til tomorrow
I don't know how I'm gonna live honestly
I'm just gonna keep listening to that
song that I told I was in love with I
told her if you do cheat on me just tell
me you love me and it's fine I know
you're gonna be in LA all day so it's
fine but um what's it called guys why am
I so fucking stupid I honestly ask
myself every single day but let me tell
you the deal so right now I need to pick
a few things up I need to buy a
toothbrush shampoo body wash con a
cotton candy I meant no I'm just joking
guns I just need to buy some necessities
so uh we're gonna go there I'm gonna
take you guys along with me to Walgreens
guys I'm season three just came out this
shit actually goes if you listen to it
I love Fetty WAP
I miss my intro fatty necks I'm over it
oh I love this song this is Lawrence
every time I hear this song I imagine
Lawrence come out of nowhere talking
like Gavin on CBS $9 per damn toothbrush
I'm crying nine dollars for a damn
toothbrush where's the 99-cent ones oh
shit
spongebob one right the damn cheap fuck
oh shit
157 two for 187 on behind in on orange
and purple
I need orange a purple maybe five may
not orange bull Oh orange and purple
look oh my god guys so excited to
announce to you what I want to stay but
I have to hold it off till the end of
the vlog Jesus it just keeps the
excitement going
I'm saying before my part came on I I
know saying before my part came on that
thing before my Pokemon
hey Bosley Bosley
hey and put you in the garage I'm gonna
put you in the garage Bosley oh shit
this other car saw me recording that's
why it's not going up so down again in
my view Thank You Man appreciate your
courtesy of my youtube channel
Baba's okay so are you ready for this
announcement um so my 21st birthday if
you guys didn't know June 23rd okay less
than three months away what's something
I've been talking I want to ask you guys
what's something I've been talking about
or it involves basketball of course who
woulda guessed what something I've been
talking about every son's game every
time I talk about basketball every night
I say it till 3:00 in the morning
reading D's on my computer they're
called NBA mock drafts and it's just my
luck that when you type in when is the
2016 NBA draft it shows up as June 23rd
okay if you don't know what you're going
with this let me make it clear my 21st
birthday falls on something that I've
been waiting for this whole entire year
ever since I realized that the Suns are
gonna be a bad team I've been looking
for it towards NBA draft been sentenced
to Phoenix we got this pig and this pig
in that pig I wanna fly to New York and
go see the NBA Draft live for my 21st
birthday and I think I'm gonna do I
think I'm gonna go out to New York for
like three or four days I mean I'm not
saying it's a for sure because I need to
find somebody to go with I don't want to
go alone whether that's rug Jackie one
of my friends I'm not trying to see if
somebody can clear their schedule to go
with me um I feel like if any year I can
go to the draft I should choose this one
the Suns have three first-round picks
for all I know the Suns might never have
to be first-round picks again in a draft
so like and just the fact that one of
their picks is probably gonna be
op three like you have a chance to draft
like one out like maybe a Ben Simmons
maybe a Brandon Ingram like and then you
have the Wizards pick and then you have
Cleveland's pick I just feel like if I
were to go to a draft this it just makes
too much sense I'm gonna be out of
school like it's gonna be summer break
and I'm in San Diego right now but I'm
willing to travel across the country to
see the like the rookies not my Phoenix
Suns pick up it's something that I've
always wanted to do and I just feel like
it makes the most sense to do it now
it's just so fitting on my birthday the
Suns have three first rounders you know
how rare that is like three first-round
picks um I think I'm gonna do I'm gonna
ask my girlfriend she can get work off
if she can't ask Brian see if he can
come if he can't I'm like I'm gonna try
to make this work you guys so huh I'm
excited I've never been to the draft I
watch it every year on TV I go crazy for
it and if I were to be able to see this
live it would just be like a whole other
level of craziness but on that was my
announcement it looks like I'm gonna be
going to New York for my 21st birthday
and I don't know this is just crazy to
me if I actually do end up doing it and
now are you guys ready for the song that
I've been talking about man this song is
just fucking you know what just I don't
even need to really play it honestly I
just need to pretend that it's in are
you guys ready for the release of the
song Brian are you ready I'm telling you
guys my brother knows this song this was
the greatest song of our generation
let's go hold on lunch
but listen in la boca texas biddies all
every one of us are the mission oh yeah
I love one direction which one is Zayn
oh I love this song I love this song I
think it's about one direction fucking
Big Time Rush same thing same people in
my head sorry I actually hugged him they
said beep beep
god I just want to fuck it just just
listen fucking love this I just want to
go back to high school and go to a
fuckin dance and just swing on all the
girls of this song like I just I love
this song
I think this was voted number one on the
top 100 billboards like 20 years in a
row sad that Zayn Malik had to leave the
fucking rock band oh and then there's a
pretty sad part up then you know the
music gets all slow and they talk about
their privacy
one last time
repeat it at the gas station oh wait my
windows aren't open what am i doing
shit person affirm me Sami
No
