no one long-distance I need you when I
see potential I just gotta say though if
you let a twin I would still choose you
what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka paratus and it's not usual that I
start my vlogs in my car but nonetheless
Here I am starting my vlog Easter day
vlog it's Easter today happy Easter to
everybody watching this have easier to
your families don't tell them you love
them okay go tell your families you love
them tell them Happy Easter it does not
hurt to say that I'm already enjoying my
day so I hope you guys enjoy it yours
and Daisy no really okay now I'm not
enjoying my day to want after that
camera scandal but nobody I hope you
guys have an amazing Easter I hope you
guys enjoyed Jesus so I just woke up I
had spent the night at Jackie's house
but I left early because obviously
Easter I wanna go see my family before
they wake up but before I do that Jackie
is working nine-hour shift today
I worked nine-hour shifts two days a
week every weekend when I worked at this
grocery store so I know how she feels so
before she goes into work I'm gonna go
get her Starbucks really quick and then
I'm gonna go see my family wat suan
let's make this a good vlog and again I
hope you guys do enjoy your Easter eyes
I just saw my cousin on in the middle of
the road she's coming in hot
let's see that's Jessica's sister
say hi to the vlog what Happy Easter
Oh oh wait I didn't finish my
conversation with it oh never mind
there's a car the YouTube live subscribe
she just texted me saying please stop
let's leave the Fetty WAP deluxe it's
been out for six months and I said I
don't care hashtag lid you want to know
what's really hashtag late listen to
this so I took Jackie out to eat last
night and now I'm not gonna name the
place but we went out to eat and the
server comes up to us and he says some
shit like how the fuck are you doing
like that we look at him like what did
you just say and he's like oh it's my
last day I'm drunk
I don't care and and we're like what and
he goes yeah don't believe me you men's
bathroom go look under the sink and I
was like what the fuck is he talking
about so after he takes our order and he
was just being like it was actually
hilarious but after he takes our order I
go into the men's bathroom and I look
under the sink and if you follow me on
Twitter you would already saw this but
if you don't let me put the pictures up
right now
I was dying I was and then he came in
the afternoon said see I wasn't lying
and I'll type you are fucking late no
actually you are hashtag late that's
what you are
hey Bosley Happy Easter dog Happy Easter
dog come on let's go inside
my wife my dad dressed up not wait why
oh my god my dad is dressed up and my
mom isn't this is a Happy Easter
thank you happy dad why are you dressed
up guys every time I got kissed me his
beard is so sharp ah where's Brian
Bosley Happy Easter
do you know what that is or no I thought
your favorite was Roman Atwood even on
Easter Sunday no days off dad what is
that are you doing how did that hole
happen was it Bosley Wow guys so I'm
recording a video with my brother see
he's right there the cameras right there
and look at behind the scenes Bosley
yeah he literally just you wonder why we
laugh randomly cuz I made the escape
from the video to edit some of my video
oh nobody called me I'm not gonna come
guys it's the struggle I'm trying to
record it record a video with Brian
while trying to edit my video at the
same time
I'm scared of you like that okay guys so
I'm actually right now headed to or I'm
going to be headed to Anthony's house
because cuz it's Easter and this is my
immediate family I've been with them all
day but I also want to go say Happy
Easter to my cousins and stuff so we got
a bunch of people over there Anthony's
house someone make my way over there get
some vlog footage for you guys from
there guys am I the only one who does it
does this so those shoes I have on or
them in a long time every pair of shoes
that I haven't put on in a long time I
have to do this empty out all the
spiders just in case nope
clear here's my outfit you got the nike
elite socks these I don't even know what
they are but I pick them up at Nike
store outlet I don't know and then a
white tee so yeah we're gonna go see
Anthony and Stephanie maybe chanel is
there - we'll see
Sherman's what do you call it prodigies
right here
it's Sherman's successors when he
retires guys you could tell they're so
excited joy is can you make making it
make me a basketball please I'm
recording it's for a school project your
hair straight and your hair is short
that's what I said
you cut it short for a goal for a hair
for Locks I knew it
do you know she really gave it to cancer
really aleem you're already making moves
in this world Julia some way
no that's good thank you and that'll be
it Steph this way Thank You Nathan
guys I have my play for this and I have
my slave where are we gonna eat
yeah let's eat in your room I have my
slave carrying my second play of real
food oh shit
Thanksgiving on Easter guys Stephanie
watching my blog from yesterday because
it's a 20 minute vlog she literally
skips to only the parts she's in only
hey what was my video about today it was
a two day vlog about me moving in with
my girlfriend what her parents were gone
for the weekend so I moved in for two
days she let me go this time I pay her
with food speaking of food no please put
me a couple of slice of hand
they sure she puts me ham and I give her
advice for high school that's how it
works
I love death
hey Mason Steph has age rewind how old
are you okay guys so Stephanie is about
to pluck or tweeze whatever it's called
my you know just just what's he'll
you're gonna mess up you can't do both
at once just go now hard you don't need
the why yeah I do I can't see anything
move your hands longer feel it Oh blood
with this hand I can't you have one hair
shut up just do your job guys I'm paying
her in high school advice if you have
any relatives in high school just tell
them you'll give them advice and they'll
do anything for you my advice don't know
the party don't talk to boys shion all
your tests Brennan there's no hairs
honestly would you just do you know
there's no here there's nothing for me
to take out okay so I have no hair you
really don't
all right no I'm serious okay since you
want to like that that's it
where where you wanna live to have no
hairs just so you don't do your job now
I have to wear these Oh are they so
small
fuck I'm literally a fashionista
oh my god my nose is so big in these
fuck
oh don't fucking get away from me look
this is not what up no you no no no okay
I don't want that down on your massage
no makeup I'm so young is a video dd
guys this is your the best grandma in
the world tells me the Hannah hey yeah
and in the most yeah the guns the best
gram ever happy Easter to you this is my
mom this is my mom's mom this is mama
rugs mom and Ray Jasmine happiest thank
you she improved her English young he
was good at English stuff as I go out to
talk with the adults because I'm a damn
adult and I see her dad setting up
Easter eggs and he said go back inside
you can't look
I said Bashar I'm not angry - yeah you
are okay I get something the Easter egg
hunt
look there he is the shower
I heard that put a couple behind there
okay so I'm participating in this Easter
egg hunt so I won't look at where he's
hiding then wait make some again money
in bags time to play now I want to take
I go out to record you know don't cheat
I found out places yeah you are your dad
so now I have to play Dobbin what did
you say saying shout out one person your
number one fan for a lot so challenge
here stands to take one egg I'm Lee and
tackle it yeah I know aleem always put
that way to use
hey did you hear no pushing Anthony I
see right I see the other one on the -
oh yes one Elaine I'm taking yours
everyone's going crazy for the last egg
yogurt why are the dogs in the last egg
yes
okay well overfitting more huh oh she is
okay it's under way ethany I give up on
the egg I see cheesecake and flan else
we're not rich
where is another hat
he always liked the chicken something a
little last one okay okay the hey you're
miss a hand five dollars and starboard
that's worth a hundred versus Snickers
my intro my intro guys oh the Sun is in
my eyes the Sun I'm on my way right now
to Jackie's house am i sleeping there
again today maybe but I'm gonna bring
her food because like I said she was out
work all day and she's doing homework
right now I'm not sure what's open on
Easter Sunday though I'm guessing one of
the trash ass places like Jack and the
crack or McDonald's I don't know what
would be open on Easter go okay
you know what so yeah I'm gonna go bring
her some food and I'm gonna spend the
rest of my Easter with her first I spent
it with my mom dad and Brian then I went
over to Anthony and that's out of my
family and then now much better with my
girlfriend so long overall it's been a
good Easter so far and I hope it's been
the same for you guys just checking the
box is open baby let's go Jay oh shit I
almost kind of accident
oh shit yumbo jack-in-the-box oh I'm
coming in hot
Oh notice the combo numbers up your ass
favorite items have changed nice to know
oh my god that looks nasty what should I
get Jackie oh I don't know honestly
teeth oh my mom hung Kiki's a regular
size strawberry shake and medium-sized
french fries yes please yeah the whipped
cream is gonna be used for something
else
I don't know if I'm joking actually
oh this is why I need to use a fucking
wallet did you see that face I thought I
forgot my money but it's actually right
here inside of my door fuck guys look
got my basketball name
okay guys so rug is fucking showering
upstairs I'm just trying to do that I'll
talk to my video but the music is plain
whatever guys I just wanted to say that
okay back to me now Monday morning
spring break no school I have a haircut
appoint me in a few hours so I can't
wait obviously I need one so I got a
haircut appointment I just got back home
I want to say I'm at 399 subscribers 399
K meaning whether it's while you guys
watch this video or whether it's later
tonight or whether its early tomorrow
morning I'm gonna hit 400 K and if I can
explain in words how much that actually
meant to me guys the lighting is so bad
I'm sorry but if I can explain in words
how much that actually meant to me I
would but there's honestly no words that
could describe guys three weeks ago
March 7th I hit 300 K 3 weeks ago today
March 28th three weeks on the dot I'm at
400 K I straight-up gained a hundred K a
hundred people subscribe to my channel
dude oh my god I just like I don't know
what to do like I'm creeping up on half
a million subscribers you realize and I
deleted that tweet because of how
idiotic it was 1 2016 started I tweeted
saying 2016 goals 500 K we're at the end
of March and on my 400 K this is
honestly insane I just want to thank
each and every one of you guys everybody
who's told their friends about me
everyone was told their family about me
everybody who just watches me themselves
without telling anybody just all my
subscribers I love you all even the
haters I love the haters people who love
me I love you guys even more I just you
guys can't like uh if I could explain to
you guys how much this actually meant I
would but like I said I just don't know
what to say it feels amazing
400 K I'm gonna keep doing this this is
what I love oh and don't tell anybody
but I feel a prank coming soon 400 K 400
K big time prank but uh anyways thank
you guys so much happy Easter one
whatever Happy Easter I hope you guys
did enjoy this vlog um guys I told you I
promised you a couple weeks ago or maybe
it was a couple months ago I promise you
I said us me and you guys me and my
subscribers me and the Brevard squad
we're gonna whether it's gonna take days
weathers are gonna take weeks whether
it's gonna take months or whether it
takes 20 years we're gonna grow this
channel we're gonna grow Pro waters into
the most successful YouTube channel ever
made we're gonna grow to the most
entertaining YouTube channel ever made
we're gonna have the best subscriber
group we're gonna have the best squad
we're gonna have the best videos and
that's all thanks to you guys and here's
just another set 400k and the sky's the
limit guys and it's all thanks to you
sky's the limit for this channel and if
it wasn't for you guys it would be all
the way down here so thank you guys so
much and I love you guys all
