wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta sit
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you
Oh forgot something take the shoes out
he doesn't fit looks like you're not
coming with me so if you're wondering
why I'm packing not even my mom knows
this so Jackie's pants are gone for four
days so obviously not going to be here
for the next four days mom hater all the
way on that later
so Jackie's parents Chicago they are
there already there so I'm obviously not
gonna step foot in this house me Jackie
home alone for days I'm moving out mom
for four days do you do you respect my
decision yeah it's not that I'm just
gonna go see my girlfriend no guys but
really I'm that was just a joke actually
no it wasn't a joke they really left for
four days and I'm actually gonna go see
Jackie right now but I'm not really
moving out there maybe mom wait I forgot
something for the suitcase I must bring
the lube along too
I don't know if these aren't enough for
four days though oh good Friday okay
fine I'll put them down
but that doesn't mean I won't go in I'm
gonna go to Jackie's house I'm gonna
upload my vlog we're just gonna chill
it's Friday morning I hope everyone well
it's only 11 a.m. but I hope everybody
is enjoying their Friday so far my first
day on spring break and for a lot of
people today's their last day at school
before spring break so guys look out
scrub youngest house Kirby got away the
basketball shorts under the sweats yeah
so I'm enjoying my products and
farmtruck I'm gonna have a good Friday
get it good mom is today good Friday huh
get it gum have a good Friday on Good
Friday holy shit eyes the line for
chick-fil-a so long you're trying to go
see Jackie oh my god both of the lines
are so long but I was gonna bring food
for me and her so her family went to go
visit some family back in Chicago and
Jackie didn't go because I've obviously
work in school and stuff so I'm
accompanying her while her family is
gone holy shit the line has not moved an
inch
guys let me give you the fun fact of the
day did you know that when you go get
drive-through and they're the bag next
to you on the see that it's actually
impossible to not grab a french fine eat
it is the fact okay back to my fairy
walk guys the most overplayed song in
2015 and I'm still playing it in 2016
I'm an idiot okay guys and for everybody
who's thinking oh you're such a
disrespectful boyfriend going over when
her parents aren't home like behind
their back or you know you're
disrespecting their parents because you
know you're gonna like whatever you guys
think no let me tell you this first of
all
Jackie's mom told Jackie she said tell
Brandon he can come over anytime you
want and he can spend the night anytime
you want obviously not on the same bed
but you go what I'm saying and I still
said no I need to ask your mom myself so
I texted her mom first of all call her
sister I said hi sister I just wanted to
because she looked honestly young enough
to be my sister she said I said I said
so I just wanted to thank you for
creating such a beautiful daughter and
she makes me very happy then she said
you're welcome she sent me two selfies
of Jackie super hot by the way
um and then I said and then I said super
cute I just want to say to you and Scott
have a safe flight and have lots of fun
while you are over there I was gonna ask
if it's okay if I can spend some time in
the house with Jackie and then her mom
said sure you guys can cook you can
watch movies just be safe we love you
have fun blah blah and then I said thank
you of course I'll respect those rules
and then she said you should surprise
Jackie and cook for her a romantic
dinner I said I'll do that but tell
Scott not to get mad if the house burns
down because you told me to to cook
unless she said nevermind haha so
respectful boyfriend guys I'm a
respectful boyfriend
I literally got the key to Jackie's
house for the next three days is that
your tables look pillow sleep here for
one night and she's already comfortable
enough to be wearing a mom outfit Dave
okay guys so I just returned from
Jackie's house and if you're wondering a
lot of your own are gonna be wondering
oh where's the footage we didn't say any
footage at Jackie's house I don't like
guys that's not my house okay and I
understand yet but it's my girlfriend
but it's not her house either it's her
parents house so I don't want to walk in
there with my camera and just vlog the
whole weekend when your parents aren't
there like it's not my house I don't
want it like vlog there's if you follow
me on snapchat then you'll see what
we're up to over this weekend but um as
far as vlogging goes putting the posting
it on YouTube I don't really feel
comfortable doing that not my house sub
sad-ass come on let's go put your food
Bosley where's your bowl guys back home
again
I feel like this vlog is just so like
confusing and jump like mum just odd
what the fuck I just say jump mum it's
like just all over the place all that
makes plain awesome come on let me
explain it to you guys so this vlog was
started yesterday Friday morning and out
of my own respect to Jackie's house did
not want to record there so I've been
recording parts of yesterday and parts
of today and Jackie's at work right now
so I came back home I'm putting my mom
food Bosley come here come here okay he
doesn't even listen to me for food oh oh
oh when you feel the whole ground shake
and the earthquake coming that's how you
know Bosley's on his way before I go
back jacket out tonight guys in the
beginning of this vlog I was just joking
about living there but honestly I feel
like I actually lived there for the past
two days so on I am going to go back to
Jabba's house although I couldn't record
last night let me tell you Jackie is
actually a mom in this
she made me pizza put it on a plate from
me she made me a drink
she she was literally wearing a mom
outfit look she might as well fuck me in
bed because but it's okay because the
mom outfit Loki turned me on so I'm not
complaining but yes I'm going back to
Jackie's house and uh yeah but first
we're gonna make a stop at Butler do you
know Anthony you know Anthony and
Stephanie and Chanel you know them yeah
I'm gonna go to their house
I was watching Buddy hield play earlier
today remember how I said this dude
wasn't going to be the top five pick
because he's a senior well everybody
right now call me an idiot because buddy
hield my friends is not not only will he
be a top five pick he might go third or
fourth he's not going to go talk to me
because of Simmons and Ingram those are
the top two picks go buzz Lee says your
food those are going to be the top two
pigs but if there is any time because
seniors do not ever go top five but if
there's a draft where a senior would go
top five it would be this one because
outside of the top two this draft is
really weak and honestly I'm saying a
heel can go top five but depending on
who picks third honestly he can go third
overall which is crazy but buddy hield
has been a monster I swear guys this is
how you walk into Anthony's house here
you got to be respectful you got to have
managed y'all knock and say here
I'm a daily vlogger what can you know
he's vlogging of course you would be
tell me I know I didn't tell you I want
to surprise you like that ever
Seth caked up for what no in a good way
new blogger go flip the screen up w
break my camera on break here save our
beginner look at a Brandon no idiot
thinking that he knows how to play
basketball does have it one else younger
grasshop Simeon yeah okay got pinhead to
see stop okay give me guys if Stephanie
ever makes it YouTube just make sure to
never subscribe I give you one chance at
being a vlogger ah
hey guys so this isn't what it looks
like okay you might think we're gonna
have like what do you think we're gonna
be doing fight we're gonna be doing a
boxing match but instead where you can
see who can shove it up their ass hahaha
hey I still haven't gotten my phone
screen fixed still yeah don't you leave
fucking big Shelia ticket under take
picture no I'm Eddie Guerrero hey Sally
start the match they literally make out
by 10 minutes like this and then they
whisper in each other's hear what the
next move is gonna be
they'll get you hit me big I'm gonna go
up on the top no the beds is up this one
does should do the John Cena this I
guess Islands hey if you touch almost
shove my foot up your ass
Anthony's Francis the bully from Fairly
OddParents
okay guys so I just went to lnl Hawaiian
barbecue I picked Jackie up her favorite
macaroni salad that's the least I can do
for her taking me under her wing for
these next yesterday and the next like
two days so I went got her macaroni
salad I'm gonna surprise her with when
she gets off work and also right now I'm
taking the fuck boy and the fuck girl
I'm taking fuck boy and fuck girl to go
get snacks they're gonna get snacks for
themselves I'm gonna get snacks for
Jackie I'm just a project with that yeah
yeah this why I think girlfriend hates
him he doesn't know the tips and tricks
to keep a girl happy not only in bed but
not even like the regular crap okay guys
so we're going to CVS pharmacy we only
go there because we want snacks and
that's the most expensive place then
somewhere close the fucking garage not
it coke someone close it out on the
garage illusion yeah I know Aramis
alright so yes I'm gonna go there's
snacks for Jackie on top of the macaroni
salad surpriser the least I can do up
there is up everybody - boys him
deferment I put my game back up for
today why can't I go they put you in the
pool the day tell her what that Fiesta
means earlobe I don't know it actually
just means muddy here but it D daddy was
the garage Oh watch me back out of this
driveway my car is already kind of low
in this driveway snowgirl a savanna
though juicy one fuck this house Creek
CVS stop Demi tram in the water should I
buy I'm not gonna buy Jackie chocolate
cuz I don't want it to trigger her
period so if that's the case I really
trigger period F does it so I got old
enough the parade makes you watch okay
except using a big dad who answered and
tastes like shit
okay let's go fuck it or just gonna
leave until yeah just go just go take
the chocolate baboon uh why are why are
we walking behind Anthony ditch you two
did we don't want to walk behind it
Anthony yeah that's I'm not gonna buy
Jackie crackers where are the actual
good snacks I'm not gonna buy almond
it's not solid ice is gonna crack oh
shit
Bosley oh oh I'll get Jackie this she
likes this and then your frappe s'mores
what you took s'mores
you joke okay look at Brandon trying to
show off his non-existent but uh every
part again go the other way and this is
robot is his channel record anyway it's
back to Stephanie
what eggs okay let's go Chinese the gun
but I'm on my life
he is Hispanic so we're going to go with
the hot cheetos we get her fried
where's a small bag you think I have
control if you zoom in try Faison free
photography I'm taking on the dolphin
special she like Oh CBS hot chicken
I'm already give her something looks
like this
I don't know
hey hey oh I need to get her naked juice
juice
it's naked juice
Brian Brian probably secretly he
probably peeks through the window
may I love Brian ah oh I'm gonna jockey
the Strawberry Shortcake wait how old
are you again Steph 950 know you or not
no you're not okay I thought you were
nine she has the rug she has the rug
syndrome older than she looks
Stephanie's actually getting them mat I
need the Magnum not you fucking knew it
oh she literally Tomatoes hey guys
you're trying to come up on a bottle
trying to come up for the tea you on a
Saturday we're just trying to turn out a
little you know and catch us at the door
Anthony what come up on the handle jack
actually go get me some AI named Jack
give me some cat and hold on you know
what me and Lawrence went to Vegas we
read an article that said uh like Vegas
water is dirty so we didn't want to wash
your face with the sink water from the
hotel
we bought gallons of water for our trip
and we would wash with the gallons of
water I swear I said two bucks show them
the full Brian it's gonna serve that's
this pizza phase up guys so there's best
girlfriend and best boyfriend get back
get back you're not a frog back back a
zoo mission
good okay good so I have two choices we
did a scare best girlfriend to give it
to her or get her best boyfriend gave it
to her and tell her now give it to me
yeah why not both and then give her the
best always what I did it wasn't it
fucking pure gold
I know fuck shipping 10 cents ha ha Oh
or should I get her should I get her
best dad and tell her that case you're
wondering crap hey Finnegan yeah Anthony
the milk
after the cream your the mills on the
cruise ships you're really going on a
cruise that's something my dad would
play what hey stop oh my god since when
did CVS self-thought clothing when did
CVS start serving slug clothing guys if
you want me why me and Jackie O some
examples because Anthony's mom ate the
macaroni salad that I had gotten Jackie
on accident she thought it was theirs so
instead I'm just taking Jackie out to
Applebees Applebees Applebees is late
but we had leave me we have to get the
to 425
stupid 25 no that's over the budget to
420 no that's literally what it is to
plus my drink 13 plus the drink guys
this is she's literally using me for
money that's all this relationship is
yeah you guys gonna call me a
gold-digger you should it's okay I love
this little ticker okay feels good
actually so today I told my man I've had
I get really bad migraines because of my
vision cuz I'm like technically blind
she has to stab me all day not to I
literally
well no that's one my eyes I actually go
blind when I look at you but man y'all
look on here I actually guys end this
vlog I'm actually starting a new vlog
right now that's gonna be able to fall
for you guys but I just want to say
happy
should I just want to say Happy Easter
to everybody watching this and to all
your families just go tell them you love
them okay it doesn't hurt to say three
words I love you go tell your family you
love them kill your friend you love them
Happy Easter everybody is blessed
so enjoy your day and I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog peace out everybody
guys one last time happy Easter from
Bosley say Happy Easter to Bruce Cohen
happy super watch squad and happy Easter
from me to you guys for the last time I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
yesterday another son's name another
Devin Booker 20-point game 21 to be
exact
anyways I'm out guys I hope you guys
enjoyed
