wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka April Wallace I'm with
my brother phase run phase rug and today
we're gonna be telling you actually
telling the story right right telling
this store actually going to tell it you
guys are gonna think of us as scum
that's as fucking the shit like just
really help this story yeah it's funny
but we just don't want to tell it but I
don't care today is a day you're gonna
tell this story so um you know I'm gonna
start off with like the background and a
good elaborate on this sole family vacay
how old are we like 12 11 10 to 12 10 to
12 around the 8 so this was I say 8 to 9
years ago family vacation me Bryan my
mom dad Vegas you know Las Vegas Nevada
great great place great trip I saw
member that trip like it was yesterday
and it's about how far five yeah 5 to 6
hours 6 hour drive you know a pretty big
drive okay so we're coming back driving
back from Vegas on our way back home and
me and Bronner we're literally sitting
like this in the car okay you know we
have what we just had what did that
before I don't know just like probably a
buffet man we went to the buffet before
it you know we're sitting in the car
like this we just really have to use the
bathroom really yeah you know piss we're
boys we take our dick out put in the
water bowl yes we've done that before
yeah when I was a smaller but now grew
yeah I need the extra large Dasani water
but uh so we have to share you can't do
that in the car and you know we're
waiting to get home a Wankel young and
we were in a rental car so honestly now
that we look back we could I just shit
in the rental but you have whether a car
but so you're in a rental car and um we
finally get home you know we literally
run we run inside okay oh shit
whoa hold on so my mom and dad you know
like I said we're in a rental car they
had to go drop the rental car off so
they drop in here we had to poop so they
dropped us off home they dropped us off
home fridge they're like go poop we'll
go drop the rental car just open the
garage for us and that they open the
garage for us and they left okay so we
go inside but
my dad uncle father we can take a shit
food the garage I should say not inside
the house yeah and so tell them
literally what happens next so we run to
the door okay and we try to open the
door and it's locked become so happy but
we read it
punch Andy it's fucking lies don't be
weak are you fucking kidding me Oh
Shelley no I have to go no I have to go
open it Brian
open it mom wait wait she said no they
already left let me go on vacation we
lock our garage door yes in cage lock
the garage door then look he's with my
parents now we had no cell we know our
cell phone yeah we're like 10 11 years
old and Iran had already left our pants
already left the house phone is inside
the house we're fucking we're screwed we
are screwed in the garage in the garage
we're literally like having to poop for
so long it like probably two to three
hours yeah it's fucking okay have you
guys want Jimmy Neutron like brain blast
we look at each other okay
mind you this is well I'll just say we
look at each other we both look towards
the you know there's a door in the
garage that you open and it lead to the
backyard okay I think I know where we're
going with this
my god so we like let me just say this
the backyard had grass at the time it
was before my dad got a remodeled - how
it is now
it had grass it was grass so you know
being humans we are still animals were
primates so we step to the backyard
Shunta blurp blurp in step and on
opposite directions we didn't look at
each other why no no II literally just I
might've peek back at Bryan while he was
taking a shit but we literally just
dropped it we dropped in the back yard
back yard on the ground and we had
tissue paper in the garage for whatever
reason ah look at me don't look at me
you have a big butt do i oh no the Lions
watching okay I'm done Bryan did you
finish
Oh Brian I actually see yours oh ha ha
where's the papers okay yeah why do we
have 12 paper I mean we always have
that's where we have paper towels and
acting everything in the garage so walk
back to the garage believe it I know but
hold on that's I'm in the worst part I
know I know okay so that's it that's it
we dropped deuces in the fucking
backyard me and Brian we had to we had
no choice have no choice to shit
yourself we don't have diapers we
stopped playing mm we were like 10 this
one we were like 11 but so I go we take
a shit I picked up Brian but I every
young and so we like clean it up we pick
it up and throw it in the trash and like
my parents come home we didn't even tell
them anything we just told them the door
was locked and how long after did they
like find out days wrong I said no I say
like don't say the name we don't say the
name of the gardener okay so the next
time the gardener comes you know my mom
and dad because he puts everything in
the trash so they look for this and they
see the shit okay and they see in the
background how this kind of man have
like a dog or any yeah we'd have the
time but every time there was just shit
in our trash cans and I got and then in
the backyard where the gardener like
does his job
there was like snot pieces of shit but
like nobody can own your life but from
the crack I know you can still tell that
somewhere shit out and my mom and dad we
overheard them talking about the
gardener took a shit in our pressure oh
my god that's crazy
and to this day we basically blamed the
garden no we did not we just didn't
admit to it I guess we just went along
with it that's not our fault but my god
to this day my mom and dad until they
watch this video obviously mom dad so
we're the shit takers of the backyard
ten years later the truth comes out they
fire him not for that reason
oh I think my dad fired him because you
got piss I stepped on my dad's Christmas
slide no he fucking cut lakrisha
Christmas slide or Christmas I didn't
work anymore yeah Oh guys if you watched
my last video did you watch one I like
hit the garage and broke my car
cuz the gardener oh yeah I'll show you
the debt in the garage I just showed you
my car there the huge debt in the garage
but anyways that gardener is no longer
with us
come on poor guy he didn't die God he
was such a nice guy God he would eat
with us like we would make him break and
make fun of you for having your ears pew
yeah they know about that fucking story
but um yeah yeah then I have a pretty
much family but things just got whatever
and you got fired not for this reason
for not for this reason but I love you
would slit in the backyard that's fucked
up yeah why would he take a shit in the
backyard mom why would he do that but uh
so yeah me and my brother we like to
take shits in the backyard um I still
can't believe we did that but we had to
do it okay I think I still have a rash
on my bull stuff from the haha I think
ya wiping the we should have just walked
with Leafs Bonnaroo okay guys so that's
pretty much what happened we could not
hold it we just dropped it in the
backyard did you look at me or no no oh
damn okay um I don't know that's it for
today I hope you guys enjoyed this story
we actually told this story we actually
told this story exposed ourselves we
expose ourselves I'm about to go hop in
the show I just feel dirty right now I
need to go shower but I hope you guys
enjoyed and but what is running out what
bar know why do I do this look I do this
out then I think about it this is one
Brandon Knight does when he makes a shot
you know how he goes like one for
sixteen every game so when he finally
makes his one shot he goes like this cuz
he still fucking thankfully he at least
made one shot I need to stop doing idea
what I do I can do this peace peace guys
peace but yeah that's our so why the
fuck is my video taking so long to
render I have guys I have two videos
coming out on my NBA Channel today - my
first double upload on the NBA channel
you guys are interested in those linked
in the description below below and
subscribe to me yeah subscribe to faze
rug look it up Faye's rug trying to get
big please starting out small new -
trying to get big I hope you guys
enjoyed guys peace out peace out hey
town down
