wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let a twin I would still
choose you camera and coming see this is
why I love Bosley he loves the camera
he's a camera whore and Brian wait let
me just tell you guys how screwed do you
know what that is that like screwed yeah
let me go help bring a screen shot now
just history test let me tell you guys I
have two midterms - not one - how many
four - ha ha let me tell you good time
it's 10:30 okay at 11:00 a.m. I have to
be in my class taking a midterm okay I'm
about to eat my food I haven't even ate
my brother dragged my ass out of bed to
make a basketball team this morning and
on top of eating I just got off the
shower I just changed on top of eating
and I recorded a video of my brother and
I got a study see look I have my book
and I'm bout to study this and I have to
edit a pill box opening video oh my gosh
so I got up made a video with Brian
although I knew I had to study that's my
fault I was up all night studying I just
got out the shower after study some more
I have to eat I have to edit a video I'm
vlogging right now the Sun still stuck
but they beat the Lakers yesterday so
I'm happy
Burnie yeah Ernie Johnson my dad dream
my dad had you about Ernie Johnson was
it a day nito stead of the night ah I'd
won right dad really wants to see two
girls aw yeah my dad said Oh show me
show me
I enjoy oh my god dad I love that there
are people that actually do I do
I don't think anybody
no way without mom I've watched out 100
times later brah yeah time to go to
school before again not one but two
midterms but after these midterms it's
spring break
no school for ten days so I'm hyped for
that awesome your food bye baby good
luck Thanks talk about needing luck I
need luck oh yeah and I didn't finish
editing my video my p.o box opening
video so I gotta do that at school I
don't know how I'm probably gonna go to
a library or something after my test and
finish editing that big guys look how
I'm driving I'm literally reading my
laptop studying and oh shit my neighbor
just saw me oh look how fake nice I am
guys look hey George to school see I
have my laptop here I'm studying while I
go I have a test right now
- yeah so thank you bye George I'm such
a good like I'm such a good fake into
adults all the adults think I'm such a
good kid I'm just joking I am a good kid
but yeah wait look at this guy's
don't try this at home I got my laptop
there you can't see the screen but it's
my humanity shit and now oh shit guys
I'm I saw I'm on it
I'm gonna get pulled over for i SWI
studying while driving God knows what's
in here not just a SWI I'm just joking
it's fucking water but uh I'm just
joking it's water but yeah guys I don't
know if I'm ready for these tests
honestly fuck Bryan for making me do
that 1v1
back in my car I just failed I mean I
just took my first midterm I'm back in
my car to finish editing this video oh
I'm literally in the parking garage of
school my edit this video and then go I
have to go back to my second car to take
my other midterm
I think to finish this I swear guys so
bear with me bear with me on this vlog
okay okay so I just finished editing if
you see in the top right corner it's
rendering that circle has to fill so I'm
gonna leave it in my backseat and I need
to get back to class I wasted so much
gas because they singled on so and my
windows are tinted so people can't see
my laptop to fucking steal my damn car
but yeah I need to go back to class now
I found it in my backpack I'm gonna
leave it here when I leave for study
actually good I just took my bio test
uh-oh
this guy said I was so funny one of your
fans walking no block thank you to the
fan who said I'm funny because I'll
never told you
Oh guys I just told you your enemies
you're not funny but I like looking at
your face cuz your face is funny I said
no I said I said you're not funny but I
laugh at you exact I tell you that so
this morning Jackie comes up to me with
the fingerprint ID on her phone
yeah she's look guys you follow me yeah
and she goes she goes go ahead you can
put your fingers oh wait that's my
Instagram sign she was like wow you're
trying to promote yourself on my way she
said she said go ahead put your
fingerprint in and no like knowing the
crazy boyfriend I am I said it's like a
dream come true so I put my fingerprint
and I was like wow this is so lit and I
thought about it she obviously has a
separate secret phone that she uses to
cheat oh I didn't keep my last one yeah
exactly because there's no way she would
let me put her fingerprint so I first I
was happy and then I'm walking in class
and I was just like wait I just got
played before I actually just want him
to have my password yeah oh that doesn't
care
yeah all right this is 2016 saani car
this 2016 there's no way you're not
cheating on me okay babe I love you
why yeah I think I did really bad on the
bio test which is a shame because I was
studying this morning and left I was
studying what are you laughing at
maybe I didn't study for a month okay
how long did you say she studies for one
hour more than me and she said she sadly
for one hour more than me and she said
if you get a bit of it to me I'll be so
mad it always happens on you guys I'll
make like I'll make study guides and
I'll make what my huge your face cook
you and I'll make and I'll make study
guides and stuff and I used to always
tell people which is what I did they
read off it they get a better grade than
me but why can't you every time that I
help someone they can order me like a
kid
she looked cheating she that's the only
word that comes out of her mouth should
I go or let them cross guys instead of
being supportive of this relationship
and saying okay baby luck I hope you get
on the test if you do better why not say
good luck after you said if you do
better yes we're gonna be so mad Oh
genetic I know guys I gotta drop off my
laptop out so I can upload the video and
then me and Jackie are gonna go out to
eat like a real couple baby you never
tell me you love me are you serious I
always say just something you can't tell
tell me you love me on mine
what was that why are you crying as we
have said I love yet to say babe I love
you so much
hey we're going to her car we're not
going to your car
I fucking you really uh oh he's doing
like
he makes everything so hard you guys
know all I asked whenever she wants I
can't be affectionate on this like I
don't I don't like that fine tell me you
love me
hmm give me a kiss just go meet me at my
house I mean they like the way your car
smells Thanks
guess you're Lucy ridin what stop okay
guys we'll just ate a bunch of leftover
food guys how sad is it that Bosley it's
bad enough my brother likes my
girlfriend more than me Bosley likes her
more than me Bosley why don't you love
me
what would you do
you're having you cranberry you're gonna
be all right because my girlfriend is
lecturing my dad dad you know that why
don't you guys take me wandering these
these didn't fit me so I put them away
or from us they were from a fan in the p
o-- box hoping video i come home and my
dad is wearing them Thank You Robin it's
not for me it's from my from the guy who
are you going to the mall with no you're
not going dad what are you boy or girl
hold on what are you boy or girl mix
know my dad qualifies as a male no lucky
is it it's beef chicken I didn't finish
it you can have it if you want dad
what's the reason the reason he was just
going to the mall because he only has
two shirts for the past five years I'm
serious right or wrong oh my god no you
only have two things okay I don't want
to I don't want to they stay talking
shit about me no I did not wear the four
days in a row
I don't wait my dad would say there's a
way of white shirts Bosley you woke my
data by in the morning on his day off
my dad was literally out at the strip
club all night last night
I'm not joking dad which one did you go
to mom I'm not getting you know you said
it that's what my dad was that till 4:00
in the morning and that's why he had to
take a day off today he had to yeah
exactly
mom how do you know why I go shopping
Gustus I seen in my way Bosley get away
from my dad Bosley you literally kicked
his own ass
look he sat literally on Y Bosley
okay you guys I've got some bad news for
the first time in my life because bro
Wallace always brings you guys good news
unless you're a Laker fan because your
team sucks but my team is fucking just
as bad so it's all good but anyways so
I'm going to the mall with fuck boy I'm
gonna go pick Anthony up without a go to
the mall and my camera is at 1% and I
had no idea that battery was that low so
I'm not sure how much more I can take
but we're gonna try to preserve the
battery life so to making to make things
quick I'm on my way to go pick book boy
up right now and we're gonna go to the
mall let's see how much you could fill
for this vlog
goes fries that I'm not shitting
everything I tell myself never again out
and nobody end so would you shut out one
of the best tracks from what a time to
be alive jump man is up there I still
can't believe I saw Drake and future
perform jump man live that shit was oh
me here I go with my catchphrase if you
look up late in the dictionary you're
gonna see what I saw future and Drake
performing jump man live guys I lately
I'm complaining how my camera had no
charge and Here I am talking about Drake
and future guys here's a secret nobody
knows I was actually trying to get my
intro to be this to be jump man but for
some reason we couldn't make that work
and that's why it's work but uh that's
top secret
bro wadis information right there I was
like I was thinking cuz Mia they're
about to go to the mall I just passed by
the church and a lot of people were
going so I was like Tenten I want to go
to church but I died here I'm serious I
got Ivan turned my signal on those about
to turn in because yeah Church for a
little I actually thought guys you know
people say they would burn if they step
in church you know the joke like that if
I honestly took one step into church I
would literally burst into flame Anthony
are you fucking stupid
you're fucking with it Anthony just oh
look and they know that I close it so
Anthony I'm in the fast lane go fucking
dumbass
well you're not like why would you open
the door I don't give you what Sal
already gave us is not a vision let's
get legal is it no straight him just cuz
the doors unlock doesn't you have to
open it
oh shit watermelon Papa this is
literally my heaven I love candy I
fucking love now I came back to see you
baby boy he loves me more than Bosley
look at this sweet tooth all from me
to $13 world
all for me wow I feel bad for my face
I'm actually gonna break out so bad from
all the suits and sugar but sometimes
you got to take the El taste a will so I
actually bought so much like candy and
so live from Anthony's periscope these
people are in my vlog I don't know if
you could see the names shout out
Anthony read the names I'm dryer there's
a Dean oh my god they're coming so fast
I can't oh now you guys you attention
whores right when I say it's for all you
guys all want to do it
God we've been on Anthony's Pantha no
shots to go left after the levee Jackie
says bye guys I'm ending bye babe babe I
love you same to you guys I'm ending my
vlog right here so today was pretty
adventurous I'm not sure I think I could
get on my history midterm I'm not too
sure about my bio that was not too
Pleasant gotta get my shoes ready for
tomorrow morning because tomorrow
morning is Friday and I'm gonna go play
lunchtime basketball so the double socks
ready Bugsy just wake up and show me
some love
come on yeah here you go no it's okay
show me some love boy it's me Bosley
it's me I know you hate me but that
doesn't mean you don't know me uh-uh
nope why'd you try to smell my boo boo
yo
alright father say bye to the vlog bye
say goodbye Bharat squad I hope you guys
enjoyed yeah that's the greatest news
I've received in my life go rogue left
for the night and he left his snacks
here I'll be taking those Thank You Man
appreciate it guys before I record this
part I just want to say in advance it
might come off as you know like I'm
bragging but I just want to say in
advance that I am NOT trying to brag I'm
not trying to be cocky I'm just speaking
like speaking it how it is today's video
marks a sixty two day upload streak I've
uploaded sixty two days in a row some of
those things were double uploads even
one or two of those days were triple
uploads and it's just insane because
never in a million years would I have
thought that I would be taking YouTube
this seriously to this point um and it's
all for you guys by the way because if
you guys weren't there why would I be
doing this you guys are what driving you
guys are what motivates me me reading
your comments it makes me want to upload
it makes you want to make videos because
I entertain you guys I make you guys
happy you guys tell me I make you smile
when you have a bad day but beyond that
here's the part where you might think
I'm trying to brag but I'm not I'm
really just telling you guys how it is
I go to school almost full-time I have a
girlfriend who I see every single day
for hours and hours and hours I still
manage to go to the gym every day for
hours every day not for I mean four
hours everyday I managed I'm passing my
classes right now in school I still
manage to watch every single to son's
game honestly you wanna know the secret
of how I keep uploading despite having a
busy life my bed right there does not I
barely sleep anymore I literally like
I've cut sleep out of my life like I
said I'm not trying to brag but I just
want to show you guys like it is hard
work but I wouldn't have it any other
way like I'm uploading every single day
and it's not five six minute videos
they're not ten minute videos they're 20
minute over 20 minute videos I'm going
to school
on to the gym everyday keeping my girl
happy watching every son's game all this
and I just cut sleep out of my life to
make this possible and it's all for you
guys so on I don't know I love you guys
all wat squad I do this for you guys I
do it for you guys
brother just texted me three times it's
it's past midnight the only thing he
should be texting right now is it's
pictures of his nudes that's it if he's
not sending me news why he text me at
12:30 in the morning
