way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see though if you let it win I would
still choose you there was much
there was much more fan mail than I
thought I need to go bring my gym bag to
go pick it up they're gonna think I'm
robbing the place Jackie's in there
right now there was so much so weird in
this and there's more in here
all the fan mail and there's more in
here cause there's much more in here we
have no more room in the gym bag Jack is
about to fall down oh my god what no
what no white shorts oh damn
dad guys if you haven't noticed by now
p.o box opening video we're trying to
position the camera right now that is a
good we're opening the boxes no you can
go one day without the white shorts
you'll die that's like you or not we're
okay God so this one why guess okay guys
and girl Bob that you keep looking at me
m'kay
throw this on your head oh my God look
who this is from
just look just look like I can see daddy
honey babe and he would oh my
that dude has to come to our house an
air tank and let me go action figure I'm
if Nicki others come from house I'm
gonna ask him to sign this he's not
asking for autographs I'm gonna ask you
for an autograph
hey oh my god
but yet you scared father Bob and
ballsack isn't even here anymore or no
here I'm going to move the big one out
the way just so that it's nice see oh my
god this one's heavy
okay oh yeah yes I'm sorry I got a
little carried away stuff sells out of a
book I can I already opened it this is
from Aaron Tweety from Kentucky right
okay wide and chunky Eric Bledsoe and
Devin Booker both went to Kentucky
College and they just gone off how the
tournament look it's all son's cards I'm
so thankful for you cuz people think
it's funny to send me Lakers cards you
sent me all Emma get home feel this
frame devil of Kentucky I told you
Kentucky this simple this is another
Christmas thing for next year thank you
so much Booker Booker Walker greatest
revenge man Bobby shut up this summer
Ramiro galaxy Oh Rose Otto from
Sunnyvale California
don't get mad I already picked up this
one too it's this drawing that look for
what
the Sun logo yes I know Li and the
letters that mean I'm gonna make my mom
dad read them to me before bed tonight
all the letters and look six air
pressure I just want in my car today
can I have one yeah something for rug -
one for you mom over you dad never
my dad needed orth body yeah you're
lovely you're the huge rip
okay here do you guys want to walk along
with that my mom is just from Jeremy a
tourist letter say that get it go okay
Jeremy Torres from Hartford Connecticut
okay my mouth video two girls fun when
do I get my laughs oh my god Oh Jim Frey
a signer peel away no read them under a
tree did I'm not sure how you feel about
Jennifer I actually love Channing Frye
he left the sons to go to Orlando but
that wasn't his fault we didn't we
signed him that member him in 2010 look
three-point shooting video keep up the
amazing hard work on the videos if you'd
like to follow me on snapchat I
definitely get you on snapchat I'm gonna
save this right here you're the best
youtuber ever my heart no this is really
cool a sign chin fry I don't know what
it is but yeah if you guys ain't no
chanting for I have like a heart problem
heart surgery was never supposed to play
basketball again do with my um you know
in Cleveland know that you can open that
okay this is from Brandon Oh waters no I
know that you do okay I called it books
yeah my mom wanted out my mom calm down
my dad like the second grade this is a
problem shun shop shannon sharpe the NFL
like Elsinore California yeah my dad got
the ether oh my god under there I need a
walleye god it's probably so happy look
and it's now you're gonna use Phoenix
Suns leather wallet thank you so much
Shannon guys I don't own a wallet you do
not because I've lost my debt er my I
need I don't want a wall in time 20
years ago Thank You Man vitiated a Oh
with money go just wanted to know not
only way I'm a Phoenix Suns wallet no
a/c thank you for saving his friend card
she's from California I hope you like
your gift yes I do I love it
I really like the videos you make I hope
one day I can meet you and rogue one day
come on down yes Brandon never changed
for anyone you are a good person
next time you guys tell me not to do
drugs I don't change for anybody say
it's all your fault Shannon so I can't
change push it oh my god oh my god
Phoenix Sun when they were actually good
what is this there's things that you
know
oh my god a whole pile of I'm dropping
out of school to read the Phoenix Sun
Bible oh listen Tony Hsieh in it because
I'm too happy I think this is a team
that went to the championship Kevin
Johnson KJ now the mayor of Sacramento
said just about all Westfall and Charles
Barkley who hates the sun's now for
something nasty we should know this
isn't this is when they were actually
good good good yeah Emily this is from
Sean Harrington oh he's from Phoenix
Arizona
hello bruh what is it Shawn the person
who guarding the Phoenix Suns license
plate that I'm looking for to put it on
my dad and I just want to say keep up
the good work and I think you are going
to like this gift I do I was going to
study for my bio test I have it tomorrow
but honestly yeah Ilan Ryan Recker okay
wait okay from Dave Anita and Jackie
Oh Jackie Jackie Dave and Jackie in the
same sentence and then I get Dave and
Jackie the same sentence I'm gonna have
to have a talk with a needle the needle
it doesn't matter they're not she's
still missing face okay well this is
from New York - why yeah yeah well give
up the notch wasn't shaped like a
fucking bum on English oak where I cut
my hand that I lost and take my test
sunny Phoenix songs car flat something
here look guys I'm gonna love putting
this on my part the middle San Diego
where it's filled with Laker fans I'm
gonna put this on my car knee all the
way sig my middle finger out the window
raising this you bring your gun when
they go through the oil no I'll put in
my car right now and go to all I'll go
to LA I'll Drive down the middle of Los
Angeles with this thank you very much I
like killing going on this one is open
carefully especially this you picked up
for you directly at the factory from day
I'm kind of scared because I when I feel
okay see it some flag all this is like
the one I
it's a rare limited issue which will not
be produced for retail sale it's exactly
for the directly from production and
paid for that day thank you so much that
we we need to put this up on my wall
thank you guys so much Dave
Jackie and Anita oh you gonna open a
vegetable shit off words by the way from
New York I got fans in New York that's
crazy
we have two more packages okay I'll open
it on the walls is coming getting my fat
on that easy ah that fuck so heavy
okay
Ozzy sir would oh you know is this you
know okay yeah I do and you're not going
to be yes although I know one touch it
mom I can see my look wall I'm taking
this to class God look at that really
now going to my test tomorrow I'm really
not doing my test tomorrow okay look let
me show them up close
oh so many basketball hoop with a mini
ball if I make this I don't take my
testimony you know my teacher saying you
better give me an a right now oh no no
that's you are shagged from the
free-throw line
I'm go to my test tomorrow
okay this Phoenix Suns color drawing
really nice an illusion hey guys this is
from Brendon kind of like my name but a
little different you are the best
youtube I love your videos twelve years
old he's going to a Phoenix on game on
March 10 well um it's a little old I'm
trying to think who do they play on
March 10 kara member it might have been
the Grizzlies which they won but I'm not
too sure
that's from happen do not swallow don't
like joke my favorite is dinner
okay thank you so much Brendan Brendan
Haywood way mom I'm really taking this
with me to class I get you better all
better fault
love without eternal love you
hey this one is from it doesn't have a
name so hopefully on the inside oh no
and I was going to comment who want to
grab his thing I'm just gonna ask my mom
how much I really love Lila when I come
home at night off-camera pet massage in
really need this a Phoenix up look it
has a young logo a Phoenix Sun sports
luggage mom now I have to take a
vacation look like understand know what
you want
really yes all I got to talk about let
me see this is from come on there's no
name oh can you check it through the
name into my you have to open it I want
to show it on camera
ah ah yeah I don't use a knife for this
but I use a knife for the dams letters
wish it oh now I have to take a vacation
to Phoenix and go to New York for the
NBA Draft
mom I can even use it again yeah I can
even use it early yeah I love this I
actually have to take a vacation
hey guys I'm do the outro okay
wait they kind of can't see it well they
sit down oh okay guys hope you guys
enjoyed this peel ball coping video when
was the last time I didn't want like to
exert more down actually my dad is a
stalker of this earth he literally on my
channel 24/7 I'm gonna believe what my
dad yeah and my mom does suck up social
media she's literally on my footer on my
screen on everything trying to find
exactly where go see you guys doubted
that I don't know how what yeah no all
I'm saying oh speaking of social me that
you guys do want to follow me on social
media because as my mom knows I'm really
active on social media all my links are
in the description below and it's been
it's been marvelous mama bro wat is
sorry go on it and no rock yeah and
there was a rapper
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba and for what is
himself out
Thank You gay by the time you guys watch
this which is tomorrow
Thursday's I'm gonna be in class taking
up biology midterm and oh my god part
two of my history midterm in the morning
Wow
so you guys are going to be out home
watching this YouTube video while I'm
gonna be struggling class taking two
midterms but midterm you know what that
means Spring Break
tomorrow Holly come on my last day of
travel at home
that's one hot day and spring yeah sorry
sorry sorry sorry
hey you going to pick up everything
