wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you guys look at these new shoes
I picked up Oh under mine but they were
dirty I picked them out who I picked
these out okay
they're nice guys I'm about to tell you
guys a story a really funny story after
I got my girlfriend a laptop from
downstairs okay so what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka April wadis I got
my girlfriend tomorrow right she's
making us a study guide for our test
which is on Thursday and we're about to
go to class so my canal where we have
bio class but before I just wanted to
tell this story about how let me just
give you a little beginning to this
story it's gonna involve a gardener
who's kind of family to my family it's
gonna involve $2,000 it's gonna involve
a broke just listen just listen so we
had this gardener I don't want to say
his name just in case he watches my
videos he does not work for us anymore
and you know he's kind of I think he's
like second cousin or just he's like
he's you know the people who aren't
really family but you just consider them
family he was like a close close friend
and he was Middle Eastern just like us
and a quick background before I started
this story if you don't know if you're
not heavy on like Middle Eastern culture
earrings
what I'm wearing right now are shamed on
tattoos shamed on like it's just like
old fashion you should like I mean now
obviously times have changed but before
you shouldn't have had tattoos no even
like you're not even allowed to have a
girlfriend and uh well I can't focus on
the sort of my girlfriend is too hot in
the way she's sitting I can't record but
um so like everything is shamed on and
this gardener was really really
old-fashioned so you know my parents are
more chill they're more Americanized you
know like whatever do what you want as
long as you're a good person he was very
very like just very strict he was like
in his 50s and uh so like he knew me
ever since I was a kid and look buzz is
listening to this
sorry too and so like he knew me and my
brother ever since we were kids and then
uh about a couple years ago I got my
ears pierced and like every time he
would see me he would say he would give
me like this dirty look and he would
make like these annoying jokes like just
like oh hey girl like like you know just
these annoying jokes and as much as I
wanted to tell him something like bitch
it's fucking true that it's late it's
fucking two thousand something boys are
allowed to have earrings we're not back
home in the Middle East I'm not your son
don't worry about what I do but like I
said he was pretty much family so I just
had to be like yeah funny fucking bitch
but so I had to be nice and you know
every time I went out he would come like
once a week and you know I would be
going to the gym or going to school and
he would see me and just make these like
idiotic jokes or any other statements
like oh I see you have those earrings in
let me go call your mom like as if my
mom didn't know you know just like
whatever cause like I said Middle
Eastern culture especially the older
people are very like strict on that and
so lo and behold I get this tattoo you
won't believe he you thought gave me
shit for my earrings you should have
seen the tattoo you know every time I
set out oh you might as well go mark
your whole body with marker because you
already have like just very very
annoying and I I told you guys as much
as I wanted to say something I just had
to like I had to hold back I had to do
it and I'm telling you this was getting
really annoying and I'll tell my mom I'd
say mom I swear to God if he says
something I'm fucking say something back
and she would just be like no it's okay
whatever he's he's like that just leave
him so then I get this you know it's
kind of like kind of big and he had come
he was doing the outside outside our
house like a couple days after I got
this and like I told you I'm I'm fed up
every time I get out he talks about my
earrings my tattoo just like you could
tell he and he would keep me there long
like Oh what about this and O are you
still going to school with those earring
like all this stuff and so after I got
this tattoo I just didn't want to deal
with it because I knew he was gonna say
yeah I knew it I knew he's gonna say
something this was back in the time when
I parked my car inside the garage so
before we had all the shit in the garage
I'll park my car there keep it clean but
now we added whatever in the garage so
this day after I got my tattoo I had
woken up kind of late and I wanted to go
play basketball and uh oh no not play
basketball I couldn't really sweat on
the tattoo I wanted to go workout just
want to go to the gym and I look outside
and he's outside
he's outside fucking doing his gardening
shit and I did not want to see him I was
already late to the gym I was just fed
up I knew he was going to say something
about my tattoo because I was wearing a
wife-beater to go to the gym I was
wearing one of these the tank tops and
so like so my car was parked in the
garage so here's what I decided to do he
was outside my house I decided to
because usually I open the garage you
know get in my car back out okay this
time I decided to get in my car before I
open the garage so that the garage would
open and I would not be inside so he
wouldn't see me I would be inside the
car you hear what I'm saying so get in
the car and then open the garage from
the garage opener in the car rather than
you know open the garage and then just
chill for a little and maybe II in the
garage and again my car so I get in my
car right and I open the garage and I
see him and in my head I'm like oh no
don't let him see me like just fucking
back out and go act like I didn't even
see him so I opened the garage and I'm
backing out everything is going through
my head like don't let him see me act
like you don't seen him you know my
windows are tinted so maybe you won't
see me like I don't know I'm backing out
and little like I wasn't thinking I
didn't let the garage our garage opens
very very slow I didn't let the garage
open all the way I backed out as it was
opening and so the top of my you know
cars used to have antennas my car just
has kind of what it's like a shark fin
the top of that hates the girl so I'm
backing out whereas the garage is so
open so imagine this and it like hits
and so
that shark finning breaks off my car the
cover of the and it cracks and the
garage stops halfway and the light
starts flashing on the top of the garage
and I'm just like like I sit there and
I'm just like holy shit
what just happened I heard a loud it was
like a loud loud noise I can't even
think of how it was and so I step out of
my car and I see him and he's like oh my
god oh my god what happened here and I'm
just like I don't know like I just tried
to back out and he was like oh my god
this and then the garage and your car
and I was like yeah I know you know what
he has a nerd to say within all this he
says oh I see you got more tattoos and
at that point I do my girlfriend babe
okay I can't focus on the story I'm have
to end this short but um so he's he babe
I'm looking at you don't feel like that
right so he's uh so oh yeah so within
all this I just hit the garage the
garage lights flashing the garage
stopped opening the top of my car
scratched like the fin is broken off and
he has the nerve to bring up my tattoos
and I bat my eye just said I said I
don't care I don't fucking care like I
lost it and then he told me I and then I
got back in the car and he was like he
was like no no no go away cure mama go
tell what happened and I was like no
i'ma go to the gym I'm gonna try to fix
the garage myself and he's like no go
tell your mom what happened and so let
me tell you this my whole mindset was
okay let me get in the car and leave
really quick go to the gym right Oh
little did I know what was coming little
did I know the top of my car was gonna
scratch the fan was gonna break it was
gonna get dented to the point where you
can see that damn from the inside and my
garage was gonna break and my whole
thing was to not see my gardener not
only did I have to see him not only did
he bring up the tattoo but on top of all
that everything just piled up and I was
late to the gym and I was so pissed like
you don't even understand you wouldn't
leave me and uh okay so here's what I'm
talking about you see it it is cracked
from here and it's movie and look
there's a dent here and the den goes
inside like it comes out from inside my
car too and this used to have a cover
and it's cracked I was just like are you
fucking kidding me so I take my car to
the shop not that day obviously because
it wasn't like my car still work
obviously $1,800 to get my car fixed and
then $2,000 for the garage
um so obviously I helped my dad pay for
the garage because it was my fault in
retrospect it was my fault and I'm still
Basel you Bosley's over the story Bosley
it's not done yet
and I still haven't gone my car fix
because 18 hundred bucks just for that I
think I'm gonna hold off on that until
later but uh so a total three thousand
eight hundred dollars between the car
and the garage getting shamed for my
tattoo talking to my gardener and having
to tell my mom what happened all this
just so I didn't have to speak to my
gardener and he's been oh let me tell
you why he got fired first of all my dad
had put Christmas slides you know you've
seen my older vlogs my dad loves
Christmastime he put a bunch of
Christmas lights
my gardener literally came and did all
the gardening stuff while the Christmas
lights were on the floor he just stepped
on them you know he did all this he like
he accidentally broke a bunch of lights
and my dad had enough and he's like no
you're not don't come here anymore so so
yeah I mean every time I see my car see
the top it reminds me of him every time
I put on my earrings it reminds me of
him let me just tell you this blink
because I don't want to say names it's
2016 I don't care what race or what
culture I don't care I'm a lot of time
hearings I'm a lot to tattoo my body my
parents don't get it you don't need to
care my whole parents minds and I know a
lot of people who are still like high up
on cultural rules like don't do this
don't do that because blah blah blah my
parents mindset is as long as you're a
good person you're not doing anything
bad then you can do whatever you want as
guys you know you're doing good you're
not harming anybody then do what you
want you're not harming yourself but um
so yeah I just find that story I don't
know about funny maybe funny for you
guys but uh so yeah that's what happened
and my gardener is no longer with us
thank God
bruh wadis is out bruh watts while I
hope you guys enjoyed this video I love
you guys
oh and for everyone wondering who made
my intro I want to give props to um let
me get his Instagram I think it was Joe
Justin I'm gonna put his link in the
description below so you guys can if you
guys need to intro whatever he was
really nice I enjoyed talking to him I
enjoyed getting to know him uh oh no
it's Joe underscore just Joe he was a
really cool person he made it for me and
we talked for a little I got to know him
he got to know me so I'll give him a
follow or if you guys need a intro maybe
he'll do for you guys I don't know but
just get in contact with him I love you
guys I hope you guys enjoyed this story
now it's time to get to class after I
edit this video
