way to know when long distance I need
you when I see potential I just gotta
see it though if you let it swing I
would still choose you we got big run
here about to start the Sunday barbecue
ooh
dad you're actually making them by hand
yeah fresh meat fresh what made me
frozen guys not frozen not microbubble
not microphone whoa
um we're making cheeseburgers and Jackie
just got off work I'm gonna go pick her
up Brian and my mom are upstairs we're
doing a Sunday barbecue dad do you like
when I record like this everyone tells
me Oh
vlog up like this guys have to think
about my horror bottom yeah let's just
sing it and because I see I just got
back from the gym and now I'm holding my
camera like this and I'm not joking if
you guys want to like this I'll hold it
like this how about somebody low looks
for you yeah work that works for me for
free other personal camera no mama
we're gonna go see Jackie out and no
that's too far bean oh my god I'm so mad
right now your photo you know those two
well yeah that too let me tell you that
limestone that so Jackie was at work and
she works on the server so she gets tits
this guy tipped her he gave her a dollar
and wrote his phone number on it yeah so
I was gonna call the fucking dumbass I
was gonna call him come front for you
guys on the vlog but she just had to be
a good girlfriend and give the dollar
back to him and say I'm taking I'd
rather have her take the dollar and let
me call money cause I was a jerk let me
call you know what I was gonna say I was
gonna say hey dumbass dipshit in case
you didn't know this is her boyfriend
speaking if you want anything you could
ask me now that's what all gonna do oh I
gave the dollar back to him why does she
have to be a good girlfriend why
couldn't she have taken the dollar
we got Tyler and Brody under Bodhi Tyler
and Bodhi they came all the way from
from Yuma Arizona they know I'm an
honest man there no you can't live here
oh sorry my first autograph
really I think that's surprising is it
it is be a and engine number one for
Devin Booker and for black so remember
that Brandon oh what is one for Devin
Booker two for blood so it's not 12 but
if you do see that 12 TJ Warren okay
I have more room here yeah make it big
we're never watching
there we go only because I'm camera only
because I'm on camera just no that's the
only reason I stopped at this red light
because if this came on recording fuck
I'm so thirsty holy shit this water is
so hot it's literally boiling water it's
been in my car for like two day guys
holy shit I'm like I had a bunch of
candy last night me and Jackie had like
cookie we just had like a bunch of
sweets for whatever reason and I woke up
and I have like I'm like breaking out on
my cheek I just want to say for all the
people who could consume all the soda
sugar candy chocolate all the people I
could eat as much of that as they want
and they don't break out you guys are
blessed I'm serious
those guys
Jackie left her shoes in my car this
morning I'm telling you she comes over a
bunch of times like before she goes to
work and she goes to work and she
literally forgets something every time
I'm telling you she leaves something
behind on purpose so that she has a
reason she has an excuse to come back
after work like oh I forgot this let me
come back and get it babe I don't mind
you coming back to my house after work
you don't have to leave anything so now
I'm waiting to pick her up shit my
cousin right there is coming back
I'm telling you they live my cousin
lives right across from Jackie watch go
boy you're in my vlog stuff Gil guys
that's my cousin you can't see it's too
dark he lives literally right across
from my girlfriend he keeps an eye on my
girlfriend he text me when she does
anything you know off the ordinary
where are you going work this late come
over we're doing a barbecue on my house
okay guys I think we just added well one
person to the barbecue like how do you
forget shoes how can you forget shoes
you leave my leave the car without any
shoes just your songs babe I was telling
my vlog how you literally leave behind
your cell phone purposely I have an
excuse to see me I'll sign them all you
have to do is ask our mind when you come
back and see I was trying I was mad that
you have to be a good girlfriend and
give the dollar back to the person who
gave in number guys to the person who
wrote his number on the dollar you
should have taken it and let me calling
god I would have locked the phone call
first shirt you using me for viewers no
I'm not here alive no okay then I would
have called him I am I would I call them
off camera either way you should have
let's go back to your job let's go find
him and take the tone down the shank my
job guys who's the fuck
who does that write your number on a
dollar oh I forgot how old is he like
nine oh he was your age
guys look she's happy about it too
I'm not in high need to print anything I
want to go back to them and find the guy
and get the number where is the dollar I
gave it back to him so whoever what I
think to come back okay tell him to come
back to me there
got a knife and jealous are crazy in
this way I get Vicky Plato's God nikki
is her sister why can't I pay Brian to
do my laundry Bosley don't get near my
girlfriend your still boy oh my God look
at this how much I'm fixing look hold on
like this Doug can you start grilling
we're starving okay you want mushroom
jalapeno builder just now that my mom
isn't here who do you love more of my
mom more Bosley hey what of course my
boss I mean my wife Basel you've taken
my mom spot you know that babe would you
bless this music in your car yeah Dave
who taught you how to make this my
girlfriend actually made this herself I
don't believe you babe make me believe
you I don't trust you until you tell me
how to make this guy's I'm about to try
it let me tell you the verdict on
Jackie's baking or cooking what I have
to try a little piece because I'm scared
I was joking it's good yeah what is good
no I like it you know I'm gonna eat it
you're gonna have some you can have some
only 5 feet you know no I'll feed you
it's good I'll feed you which car do you
want I'm right here Oh
I'm joking
guys I love it she's right I didn't like
it I love it okay okay
hello this is one you still have Nate
the flan I brought the white shorts oh
my god babe
open now I have to get a new spoon in
this joking
wow that's so much better if you leave
it it's so good I swear the food what
Dad
it was Jackie no no no you have to like
me I told Brandon you have to like me I
wanted to have on use it I didn't do it
yeah you did Iowa
guys this is why I love Basel he keeps
his distance from Jacky he knows his
place in this world
she/he gives me enough room to sit
thanks Bosley for being such a good boy
we're we're real soon that's it look
good yeah no it doesn't work he didn't
have a normal face I don't normally
baby no I say babe she said what are you
doing you don't have to do that it still
works regardless you just have to open
your mouth you don't have to actually do
the face better I'm fine this enjoys oh
shit maybe though it doesn't get borne
on them defender the flame is underneath
this one so it's just pretty much heated
he yeah he's look at that mmm he's a
killer Hey Bosley my mom talking shit
about me as soon as I went outside my
dad's getting ready first trip
better get some shrooms guys so let me
address this really quick for whatever
reason half the comment on all my videos
have been people shaming my girlfriend I
don't know what she did to you guys
whether she killed your own parents or
she egged your house or she slashed the
tires on your car but I kid you not have
to comment on my videos or your
girlfriend is still ugly tell her to
stop wearing makeup your girlfriend is a
hole your girlfriend is a slut she's
cheating on you okay listen I know me
addressing this is gonna make people
comment this more because that's just
the way the world works in 2016 which is
a shame but that's just how it works so
but I don't care because it's so bad to
the point where I don't think it could
get worse so me addressing this I don't
care
yeah Bosley I know it's sad people are
like it just this generation has gone to
shade just help look at my comments look
at the comments half the comments are
literally shaming my girlfriend and it
makes no sense because I don't know
we're happy together we don't care what
other people think and for some reason
you guys
I don't know I'm telling you it's weird
and I don't get the reasoning behind it
but I guess everyone will grow up at one
point and it just showed this is just
one of the reasons the world is a bad
place I mean we're making YouTube videos
together and we get we read half the
comments together saying your girlfriend
is a slut she's a whore
why does she dress like that all this oh
no it makes no sense and I know by me
addressing this you guys know it has my
attention so you guys are going to do it
more because for whatever reason that's
just how this world works and it blows
my mind
and honestly little things like this
just add up and it makes me feel like
like it makes me lose hope in society if
we're being honest because why do this I
wouldn't do something like that
I don't get why you guys would but
whatever and another thing is you know
that video I made about why don't think
girls should dress slutty and everyone
in my last video is commenting oh why
would you make that video when your own
girlfriend dresses slutty first of all
the point did you get my definition you
guys probably didn't watch the whole
video because I defined a revealing
outfit as shorts that go halfway up your
ass and a shirt that doesn't even cover
your stomach that's what I defined as a
revealing outfit my girlfriend was
getting hate because she was wearing a
tank top with a jacket and regular-sized
shorts in my video nobody said you have
to be dressed in fucking hoodie jeans
with a hat long socks and not showing a
piece of skin no I defined a revealing
outfit as one that shorts are really
really short don't even cover all the
way down to your ass and I share that
doesn't even cover your stomach in no
ways my girlfriend wearing that if you
do think that my girlfriend's outfit is
slutty she's weighing it in front of me
from my eyes her own boyfriend if you
have a problem with that I don't know I
for whatever reason half the comments
are people trying to prove me wrong or
people trying to get in my head and I
just want you guys to know I love you
because it's not really working but tell
you this me and my girlfriend are happy
together
we have no outside distractions we make
videos for you guys and we're happy so
you guys can keep hating I love you guys
including the haters because for some
reason the haters care more about what I
do than the people that love me and they
give me more attention so thank you
haters
i'ma keep doing what I do girls listen
you got a song control oh oh okay well
if you're a girl tell come through the
club okay what if she's a fan I met a
girl fan yesterday she's not Danielle
one last thing to elaborate on all that
Jackie is not a weak minded person
whatsoever but at the same time she's a
girl so how do you think a girl feels
reading those comments about herself
like we're sitting in my bed together
reading those comments and I know it's
just there's nothing I can do to stop
those people but oh well today I'm got
to go to the gym right now I'm about to
put my socks and shoes on and also I got
a haircut appointment you already know
that has me excited as I'm so hyped for
this oh shit
tomatoes babe the food is gonna be ready
that girls get you Amanda Lee
what okay you go get yourself a man I'll
let you whatever you want so focused do
you didn't even hear that crying put it
down guys we're going to the mall me
Brian and Jackie
third-wheeling know Jackie's in the
front of you so she's obviously cheating
on you with me I mean she's obviously
cheating on me with you that's work on
Brian now just go I'm ready I love this
song Fetty WAP broke my chain and I'm
still being cheated on
we out here mall bathroom Brian can you
record me pee I'm just trying to get
Brian in a secret place I would be zest
for cheating on me Ron this is how I see
it she's she left me she hold on doctor
this I see Oh Brian come here if she
left me for you then I'm not gonna force
to go to Spain you must be doing
something right they'll kill me you guys
I'm good look me no I mean how you don't
force me all the tips you want to leave
you for someone they should leave you
for somebody you can't force a go to
keep you so I give you props okay lay
down oh there's new banner penis
I literally it's impossible to come to
footlocker without buying something I
swear we'll see what they have guys
Jackie is really size four and a half in
kids these are size a little fun so
she's a six in woman's but if she wants
these kind of shoes she's a size four
and a half
oh my god I'm dating a girl who has size
four feet hey shoe size is everything
guys every baby we pass by Jackie goes
oh my God look how queue and then she
wonders why I tried to transfer you I
don't like the baby is Salim I just like
the babies in shoes no she likes it she
likes fat babies yeah and she wonders
why I'm trying to track her it's your
fault you call for it babe oh I love
basketball shorts guys so do you like it
I like it it makes me look taller that's
why I like it does it oh no should I get
it guys Brian just met a fan what's your
name I heard I heard all I heard oh you
wanna take a picture I took my camera
right away got what was it okay this is
oh my god another one in the blog for
tomorrow
you say what's that you know we knew it
all right bye guys does that look
familiar this is where I bought my blue
shade right there I see it oh it's right
here 3 425 I might have to buy three
more I'm just joking I only wear one
babe no thought clothing large if I was
wearing this to go out but for working
out you got to get the extra small after
work out extra small clothes make
yourself a bigger
okay guys Willie and Damien I'll adjust
you're picking out some painting for my
girlfriend babe don't pick any out have
to pick them up for you how'd you get an
get the one one for me only
babe sighs I think you're too long Oh
thank you oh you got snapchat
guys I literally come to Victoria's
Secret to pick stuff out for Jackie but
Brian you have a history of you know
dang Gaddafi death what would you like
me to stop bringing that up there's a
one time thing
shit it's a joke I don't really care you
can do it again if you want me to kill
you issues
okay babe can we turn around no sass me
go what audacity the house audience but
what can they be cute they're coming off
anyway why do that to be cute
yeah thank you want she's mine she's
mine she's mine
no I don't know where Brandon's head is
today I I got my girlfriend back
it lasted a good what hour Jackie it's
fine I already have someone else I'm
talking about you you didn't I need me a
wifey now he looked at too many at my
eyes literally just that's all these I'm
just third-wheeling it's not a third
wheel we shared Jack okay fine oh gosh I
don't have a periscope but it Ryan
doesn't imma get on so you guys tune in
even though you're going to be watching
this tomorrow but I did it with Kayla
yeah turn the light on turn the light on
to think I had her back to think I had
her back go you might as well go oh yeah
I'm gonna get back in the fucking car
don't come back to me when he doesn't
make you don't come back to me when he
doesn't make you happy Ciro's wait
there's a car behind we're going to
Sonic Bryan are you sure it's the next
exit yeah Ian Laurie came here camper
yeah I use did you just say after
college my brother actually went to
school ISA yeah we're going to Sonic
right now I'm Dre 'king am I breaking -
Brian and Jackie can I get a cherry dr.
pepper a small Brian got large tater -
oh thank you man appreciate it yeah okay
so we come home with the Sonic and my
dad comes downstairs and he goes oh I'm
hungry you guys have any leftover food
he ate more than any of us look he ate
Jackie's fries Jackie's french toast
Brian's tater tots my my Texas toast my
dad quick he ordered zero and he ate
more than all of us leftover no it's not
leftover you took it before we ate it oh
no Bosley woke up Bosley Bosley
oh he's racing he's racing down hey
Coleman it says so much
no we didn't you ran downstairs just
like Bosley did right now and asked if
there was
Oh burgers the world of guys you know
the old Grandma and Grandpa couples that
take the dog for a walk with a leash on
yeah we got his tail he's so happy yeah
yeah me and Jack girl playing the wolf
Grandma and Grandpa taking their old dog
for a walk we're the old okay fine we're
the ailing grandpa americo's do you have
ankles too something weird name you have
more wrinkled I know all right guys so
I'm ending the vlog right here um I just
wanted to say one last thing first of
all I hope you guys did enjoy this vlog
I feel like it was pretty funny
I actually went out and did stuff rather
than go to the gym or stay inside my
house in regards to you know everybody
hating on Jackie everybody hating on
relationships at the end of the day I
thought about it to myself I'm happy
with her I love her she loves me this is
the girl I'm gonna marry my family loves
her her family loves me our friends like
each other
our friends are supportive of it so why
the fuck would I care what the haters
think over some internet you get my
point so you guys can keep hating I love
you guys all
including the haters because for some
reason the haters give me more attention
and they keep they care for me even more
than the people that love me so you guys
keep doing you but uh I know I love you
guys all and especially I love the
people that love me more bruh wat squad
I love you guys and I'm out mom
how much do you love the people that
show me support on my videos me too
Bosley loves you guys oh my oh I thought
this was a dildo a huge one no why yeah
guys haters give me more me more
attention but I love I honestly love the
people who are my true fans you won't
believe what some people comment they
literally memorize things from my vlogs
from lit muds bag and I love that it
means so much to me so oh my god Jackie
forgot her damn jacket and jeans I'm
telling you I can't make this up she
does this shit on purpose I swear
oh I like this
