wait I know one long distance I need you
when I see potential I just gotta see it
though if you let it win I would still
choose you what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka providers and today
it's sort of a special day
um not only because I'm not wearing my
blue shirt I'm actually dressed away
actually look I'm wearing my blue shirt
under my windbreaker but no it's not a
special day because I'm actually
dressing on my basketball shorts and
slippers
today's sort of a special day because
faze adapt is actually on his way to our
house right now and I'm not that big in
the face community like I don't really
watch a lot of face numbers but I know
fazer dad I know the big ones I've seen
a couple of adapt videos and it's gonna
be really cool being able to meet him no
I've never met him before I have met
face fakey before I've actually hung out
with the multiple times meet him at
Bryant fakie I love you I think he's so
cool he's so dope so uh I'm excited to
meet adapt like I said I've never met
him the only other phase enough I met is
fakie and fakie was really cool me my
brother fakie have hung out in a while
so we should be doing that soon uh adapt
I know is a big oh he's actually right
now so yeah adapt is a big basketball
fan and I wanted to one be wanting in
basketball but he's short on time he's
going back to Arizona today so on oh
shit he brought his girlfriend riot
Brian's gonna look at her and I need to
go warn him he brought his girlfriend
Brian's gonna go check her out well yeah
guys I wanted to 1v1 him like a video
but he's going back to Arizona today he
didn't really have time okay guys I told
you the only other phase meant by males
fakie you have adapt I just found out
his real name was Alex honestly I just
found out and we have a girlfriend
Adriana
I warned adapt on Twitter about this
dude right here I warned it we don't
need to go over that you guys know the
history of that you've seen the video so
I'm gonna just leave it at that adapt
keep your eyes open
yeah oh that's what I'm going to talk
about AG uh-huh this is what as i watch
i watch the video you guys going to a
Golden State game yeah his wife is so
funny in his kids I just wear fans with
him but like some kind of socks so like
like yeah did anyone know did anyone
else hear that or how long was that
video like 10 minutes 10 only got like a
three-second part of that because I
heard her say the son Doug ah how they
do it they honestly think I used to be
the biggest son yeah like when they had
like Raja Bell like when Ash was on the
team no I was joking I don't care they
suck I'm the biggest I'm preocupación
Selleck yeah they beat the Lakers last
night big deal they beat second worst
team in the league um that's crazy but
yeah I watched that video I was like
son's game and I heard one part I'll
take watches anymore it's not possible
oh my gosh he's too scared you guys
think I'm average son stand hold up okay
this right here yeah literally you would
think they would repay me with some wins
Rob I love drugs
how do yeah I have a picture with drug
äj-- no I know literally the whole
Amari Sodom out there draw against
they're all in the heat jail green yeah
thanks see Nash right there honestly I
just sit here and watch them lose every
game what's up yeah it does top draft
pick though that's the only good part
okay guys so right now adapt and Brian
are gonna go ball up like at the park
I'm sure he's gonna win I'm gonna ball
he's gonna bomb Brian what'd you say
no he said he's gonna win he is adapt
Alex if I lose I slept at 6 o'clock last
night Brian don't even yeah I thought it
like GPE he got the six shoes right here
he's about to play outdoor in these you
can't lose in these cp3
okay guys I'm honestly I'll put my money
on Brian's the shooter but you got but
but they're playing double rims so you
got to take the bigger person here
double rig that's why you got a drive oh
they didn't go me Mom wrong well there's
a second phase then by met adapt just as
cool as fakie this is how they meet this
is how they meet bosley mom 30 30
minutes in he hasn't let them touch him
one time so yeah guys adapting Brian
Arbonne off right now I really wanted to
face off against adapt in a 1v1 because
like I said I bought some of his videos
and I know he's a big basketball fan so
uh but he's going back to Arizona I
think like at 3 o'clock and he just
didn't have enough time I didn't even
know he was coming here today so we
would have planned something out maybe
next time he doesn't live too far
honestly Arizona yes it's a whole nother
state but it's like five hours away guys
it feels so weird that I'm actually
dressed up because usually just
basketball shorts and a t-shirt but I'm
feeling this I bought this yesterday so
yeah adapting is girlfriend to really
nice people time for my favorite part of
the day to spend time with my girlfriend
I have she's dressed for a job interview
with my mom I think she's asking if she
can marry me oh hey I think you forgot
to tie this oh my god keep talking so CL
and I love them give me one please
he looks like the turkey we could white
shorts look at this miracle how's he let
him home and his tail is actually
wagging putting every 1/2 inch I'm
talking to a for my wallet really huh do
you want yellow and white say something
okay we could Bosley under the table
just waiting for the food
this is so weird you know I feel like
I've got these cars right here oh yeah
babe this much no why you won't last one
more less less than this no that's not
why I don't like that thing we're just
not oh my god I wasn't even pressing
record I'm so sorry babe what you have
to do it all over again I'm not doing it
over didn't know I love I'm putting
everyone food and now I'm singing in a
bad way because she was I'm kidding I
was recording the whole time he's so
angry look you see
seriously I'll hide it away sisters
yeah okay luckily half again I'm putting
it for them oh yes you know yeah okay
thank you
why don't I just hear him right in some
kebab no chicken isn't the chicken the
kebab no orange being brown the beef is
better let me tell you this is the
chicken this is the kebab
no this is the kebab a big block that's
chicken okay I'll take chicken I'll try
a ball
yes I'll try a combo one two how many of
these do you want I'll tell you can eat
I'll take yeah I'll take on the bit with
you for now watch this yes and I just
put you the rest of that yeah did we
watch your head
no I see it and chicken or anything just
one or two just want a bite - X I mean I
mean I don't feel right okay turn it
around to you record yourself you get
the oh shoot I did pick it up but you
have to say the potato Oh Brian you want
tomato know a little bit more idly okay
that's it oh my god yeah land only die
chicken I don't like lamb but I like
that yeah and a little bit of kebab show
you why why it's double standing this
way
the fiber hurtful yet kamiki we go fast
we go
wait I wanted tomato I'm not gonna eat
it but I just wanted to meet oh it's
okay just put on my plate please this is
so ugly you're really innate it I'm not
gonna get it here Oh guys what I saw
yesterday get yourself a girl who
listens you adapt good girlfriend right
yeah I wish
okay guys so I was about to make a video
on my second channel the bruh wadis NBA
channel and my mom told me there were
two people here to see me and there's
right here from Temecula from LA they
were just in the beach right now they
came down you guys oh wait the lighting
okay turn around you guys can see them
better here you can introduce yourself
my name's Alex and how long have you
been watching my videos for about total
Muslim couple months Valerie and how
long have you been watching for a while
that usually means like a couple of days
but she doesn't want to say it but yeah
they're dating happy for them you guys
can shot anybody out if you want shatter
sister Jamie
Joshu cribs okay
fathers actually handle them really well
he's not member what he did to adapt and
his girlfriend yeah go try to pay him
Bosley see see you they were enjoying
the San Diego beaches when they came
down best I don't even like the beach
but best beaches I guess I don't know
okay guys so Baz is eating his food
you're eating your food and that made me
hungry so I'm gonna go pick up
well it's fuck wooo it's not Sherman mom
its Sherman to his viewers to us to me I
raised him as fuck boy I'm gonna go pick
up foot boy why it means a nice person a
genuine person I think I don't speak
fucking English yeah we're gonna go pick
up aunt I'm gonna go pick up Anthony and
I'm gonna go get food with him I got my
video being uploaded right now for my
NBA channel buddy hield will not go top
five in the draft check that out the
link to that is in my description below
and let's go guys check these out you
guys like these are no I picked these up
nike uh how can you guys see it
they're Nike I don't know what the hell
these are but uh I know I like them
honestly
I'm gonna kill Anthony if he's Logging's
there's my vlog it's my vlog it's my
vlog today boy go ahead bring your vlog
dumbass Sherman
sister Sherman hurry hurry hurry
sister Sherman here I don't know what it
is honestly my mom just told me to give
it to you you have to say oh my god ha
ha staff waiting for a determination
oh my body what oh yeah yeah yeah I love
you guys
how much yes ok step if eggs
unsubscribe everyone I'm asking you to
unsubscribe to Anthony Steph if you can
make room is in the back you can come
he'll ask you for life and that to you
but like guys I put my money on San
Antonio so hopefully they don't
disappoint me they're up five right now
mid third quarter I'm glad to have a
date
this place is packed everyone's trying
to watch this game one of the most hyped
up games all season
without the game on you look at my
number 41 for dirt you got look about 42
for Elton Brand guys that explained our
life I'm Derek Anthony's Elton Brand
Zach let's just say Barry see the
all-time great Elton Brandon
just literally my house this my house
my family
guys me and Anthony finished eating
we're done look where's your place here
we're done we're done eating and like we
were about to leave this game is so good
I'm forcing Anthony to stay and watch
the rest of this game there's just
there's six minutes left the Spurs are
up at four and Anthony wants to go want
to go to 7-eleven or go home I don't
know if I'm forcing to misstate till the
till this game is over I told you the
Spurs were gonna win I picked it I just
had a feeling they held the Warriors to
79 points so far guys look who we have
here
babe what it would take these actually
look good did you bring us what why
you're seeing it right I fit wrong okay
it's a vlog ending the vlog I got to
meet I got to meet adapt his girlfriend
oh oh I went to all the things with
Anthony
we watched watched March Madness anyways
um what else did I do today I don't know
me I just got it Hey and that's gonna be
the end of this vlog for you what do you
say oh my god I'm not eating that out
because you're making harder for me on
purpose I'm gonna leave it in just wait
till the top comment wait till the top
comment tomorrow oh my god did you guys
hear Jackie she said Brandon's it's so
big okay Bosley we're out guys I told
you the stores are gonna win okay bye
bye babe bye babe
