yes okay yo need to get done done done
done at or come over we just need a slow
Brian tell them what's going on right
now Brian I just told you I'm about to
do shave what Brian are you stupid
holy shit guys look so if you have a
weak stomach for armpit hair might not
want to watch this video because I have
a lot of armpit hair you guys can't tell
and let me tell you why I used to keep
my armpit hair clean you know not shave
without a trim I have a trimmer where
you put a clip on it you know which
makes them look clean trimmer you know
the clip Devin Booker doesn't shave his
armpits Devin Booker has longer hair and
me being the dumbass that I am oh I'm
gonna keep growing my armpit here until
Devin Booker shakes his little did I
know he does not shave his he doesn't so
I've had enough guys is this too much
like like I can't you know I put my arm
around my girlfriend she goes like this
on her neck I'm just joking that doesn't
really happen but like it's just too
much you know I'm at the gym and I go
for a jumper and I see everyone go ill
so I'm just joking that doesn't really
happen either but you get my point my
armpit hair is long I'm Brandon I'm bruh
WADA's I'm not fucking sasquatch so what
we're gonna do now is we're gonna fuck
in we're gonna trim my armpits guys the
reason I don't shave is because one time
I did shave my armpits holy shit like I
might as well been a tomato because my
armpits were so fucking red and they
burnt so bad I had to go buy baby powder
baby oil I have to do all this because
they burned so bad so now I'm like
traumatized up on shaving them I just
trimmed them you guys I'm playing around
the only reason I shit I let them grow
was not only because of Devin Booker
wait God just so you understand how long
they are look when I cool
my arm they literally come out from the
side like try let me see yours
oh my god you shave unique shave yours
too but I have to go on the shower
because whatever mess I'm fucking no big
deal
usually I'd be naked okay don't come
this close back okay I even oh actually
hold on they might be so long I lasted
trim with the scissors first can I
tweeze them oh my god okay smug swagger
deodorant do you see how it's right here
fucking I use the white would know how
to burn holy crap so long but I just
want to get the loose ends
hellooo sluts that oh my god no just the
loose ends okay films on my damn oh how
many subscribers I wanna lose from this
like just 350,000 I know
Oh from the top I'm holy crap you're
cleaning this house turn battery
exhausted fuck
okay guys so I'm getting my armpit to
rest after them Tony to close please get
my armpits arrest after the scissors
part so on the Z show and snapchat who's
eesh know your swear yes how the hell do
you have no no I don't even know I have
it Brian you have to Center this one
because I tried to no no I can't sit
with my left-handed like I'm
uncoordinated I'm not James Harden I'm
Eric Bledsoe Devin Booker right-handed
Bob today we're shaving the armpits we
already shaved down below and we're
going to shave
obviously the armpits I went into my
side chick Tammy and got my eyebrows
done as I was going there Brian was
leaving so I just miss you do see me
though and driving see you
told me that you were there yeah um yeah
today's like a cleanup dancer haircut I
got like three days ago so as bad as I
want one today I can get one are you
going to shave yeah after I edit my
video and then we're going to shower
together yeah okay like old times
okay guys rugs about this scissor my I
thought this is just about a doula
office with scissors
oh come stain but uh which one
just waiting on this hold on Brian go on
the other side
hey go Yeah right it's not cutting could
it could it nature like this way ah
careful careful careful careful
go cut cut more and more and more cuz
you came in alone okay okay hold on cuz
I it's not a heading or careful careful
against this kick okay now you gotta
point it down you're pointing your side
please yeah yeah yeah baby
ah oh my god okay okay okay yeah yeah
should I just look at this could it
could tell me which other youtuber would
get you guys through this step-by-step
you know people would have done this
off-camera and then picked they came up
and started the vlog I want to make you
guys feel connected with my life I'm not
doing this to ghosts you guys out I want
you guys to be connected with Broadus
this is what I'm doing my life this is
what you guys are gonna see
ooh
oh my god Oh ah God I don't know people
are going to comment that's feminine
you're shaving your armpits first of all
I'm trimming I'm cleaning it up and
second if you saw you guys saw how long
they were no boys keeping that fucking
long ass armpit hair honestly someone
tell me how I knew I was gonna fuck it
up somehow I knew it guys look at this I
said just a trim first of all I burned
like it's all burn second it's so uneven
and I cut way too much look at this one
look it's litter it's so on guys just
ask yourself this have I ever done
anything oh shit
have I ever done anything right in my
life look at this they're literally what
the fuck is this okay I need to fix
yourself some up Brian look oh my god
guys I don't know what I'm gonna do but
fuck okay guys just got out the shower
let me throw on a tank top for the sake
of all the oh you're only you're only
vlogging with your shirt off because you
want to show off in front of the girls
instead of saying you just got out the
shower you're in your own home you're
allowed to be shirtless but let me go on
a tank top for the sake of those people
okay guys so I didn't just get out the
shower you see frizzy hair um I can't
make this up I'm telling you guys there
actually is people I'm vlogging in my
own house coming out the shower I have
my shirt off I'm not even showing my
full body literally just like other
hearing people do stop trying to show
off your muscles whatever I put a tank
top on I'm gonna take it off right after
I record but um look at the damn rash so
oh oh shit baby powder I love this no
actually I need to do some down put some
aftershave and baby powder be cut
because look this is not okay it's not
okay so um okay so I put the shorts on
on my boxers anymore see that I
understand
people complain oh you're in your boxers
on camera to show off or that's not
right okay but when I'm shirtless
literally in my own house I'm shirtless
24/7 and I have to put a shirt on just
for the cameras ridiculous i'ma start
off to cure my armpit burn is first
we're going to put on some aftershave I
don't know we need a paper towel I can't
find any cotton balls
I found tissue so first actually I'm
gonna apply some aftershave to my face
because I shaved my damn face for the
armpits we're going to use paper towels
much more sturdy guys this is gonna burn
so bad I'm not even ready for this
Aqua Velva armed armpit shape after she
ate whatever the hell it's called ah ah
fuck it doesn't burn as bad as I thought
I go too soon damn oh shit
kind of feels good at the same time but
on now the other one uh I got to apply
aftershave somewhere else but I can't
show you guys that on camera so we're
gonna take a break right now look now
burning fucking like three minutes after
I put the aftershave oh I'm time to put
in some eyedrops because I am high as a
kite I'm just joking guys I just didn't
get any sleep because I was up editing
and Jackie's about to come over and I
just look really dead so we put in some
eyedrops
hi I'm just joking guys ow
I actually don't smoke we ow my mom just
gone home she's gonna see me putting in
the eyedrops
it's a prank come on it's a prank oh and
now the baby powder mom come look I
shaved my armpits oh my God look look at
this comb where's this for my
oh it's from my goatee oh fuck my bitch
no mom I just trimmed in or at least I
tried to just trim them and look at how
much came off oh no come look at the
scene come look guys my mom hates messes
oh yeah just look at just look at this
team good things to you gonna okay don't
let it go the waters a lot Michael
accidents I'm just gonna leave them
there it's memories I tried to just trim
them but the razor clip was down to low
so they cut too much baby powder on the
paper towel whoops
my mom's actually gonna kill me spilled
some oh my god oh my god mom come look
guys did I put too much weight we need
to know you know I'm taking my shirt off
I don't care I had it on because my
viewers think I'm trying to show off
with my shirt off
no oh my god my shorts no mom isn't it
tell them is it ridiculous now I can't
even wear it go shirt looks off camera
in my own house you got people so I'm
trying to show off that doesn't make
them happy
oh my bad I'll bet Bob I said I'm sorry
mama
yeah guys
my shorts are done first of all if I
offended anybody because I'm sure at
least take me to hell arrest me
unsubscribe stop watching my blogs I
don't know what you want to do but this
is one thing guys I'm sorry I don't
agree I feel like it's ridiculous for me
that I have to throw it on every time I
vlog when off camera I'm shirtless 24/7
in my own home
so bruh Brian actually got a haircut ya
guys know this is a fun fact 16 that's
the magic number I've gone 16 1 6 16
haircuts from the time Brian Bell has
Logica till the time he got one today 16
haircuts I'm fine guys the party pooper
mom she actually took the hair out we
had to leave it for memories guys
honestly it's been like an hour and my
armpits burn so bad I was like the chick
for breakfast so I had to make it up by
getting chick-fil-a lunch look I set up
mine and my girlfriend's plate they
should I work in the food industry why
look how good I set it up two chicken
strips a chicken sandwich and fries wait
wait please tell him what you think
about my armpits
um did they come out good she said I
messed them up I agree I said I had to
shave them because every time I put my
arm around you you say it what is that
you don't oh my gosh
fahza you did it oh my god is sweating
ah babe just eat your food get away from
ghetto well what's it called oh please
say burglar please babe please why are
you I'm not you said it right yesterday
remember no babe I'm serious burglar
please
okay fine say audacity
oh my gosh
I didn't say Cuddy guys get yourself a
girlfriend who listens to you please
don't make the same mistake I did
Bosley get away from the hi mistake I
like you too
babe I'm gonna trap you it doesn't
matter if you don't want my kid come
here eat your food we're watching March
Madness babe don't stand like that
lady's gonna be like I just couldn't
just explain like that made no sense no
I say how do they even make sense it
makes no sense
yeah oh no I don't do that yay no that
part yeah you're right
Basel you hold we can't even eat in
peace because of Bosley BAE please say
burglar please I won't put it in the
vlog no i won't i won't i won't put in
the vlog i just want to hear ya it'll be
if i put in the vlog it's just a joke
not a lot guys whenever your girl
catches you lighter hair just say I was
joking not lying it works trust me
didn't it work babe listen I love you I
do love you okay
can you please say burglar okay what to
call if someone steals from my house a
robber oh what what is it guys she's
such a kid oh my god hey my childish uh
immature and
oh yes you're being very immature hey
dude I said you were so hot I said I
love you okay now you love me I do love
you you're cute and okay I got my
compliments for the day now I can eat my
food Bosley please come upstairs
stop being so difficult buzzing it up
just walk about we're not saying by the
vlog is it over no are you queries are
close to my face you only do that once
time to go
bye we're not going we're going in my
room oddly I'm going remember hey you
guys I don't know why I'm so up go stuck
I don't know why I'm so hyper because
you drink a coffee the money you drink
fucking doesn't even I did it yeah no
this is me no swimming no I think no you
like look guys we match she's mine blue
like always ocular have you guys seen
this year from him before it's new where
did he get it from
oh no I just picked it up like up today
yesterday mm-hmm
yeah he got it from I think forever 21 I
don't know you know very expensive super
luxurious same kind of song get in my
room please tried to sell the shirt some
people know guys this is the same shirt
I bought for 10 bucks that I wear every
fucking day it's that one okay guys I'll
pick the vlog up once Jackie goes to
work so say bye to Jackie you say bye -
don't do that please you know my
cousin's used to always do that cuz they
were cholos I won't move off starting
new babe I can't cook
listen god I can barely control my
girlfriend when shes normal when she has
a little bit of energy Jake I'm like
this she wants a more energy drink I
can't do that on human please
a I'm actually getting mad you're a
handful I can't do this
okay depends how your kiss is cuz
everytime she wants something I say
depends how your kiss is if the kiss is
okay then she doesn't get it but if the
kisses please
depends on your kiss okay that was good
enough if you kept going out if you come
home without an article you 20 rock
story okay
she made the escape oh my gosh guys
what'd I tell you get yourself a
girlfriend who listens nope too much too
much he does it okay okay you can have
it
yeah boy you're gonna make it fuck oh
I'm gonna have some cumin have fun TV I
don't like any gene who's gonna get mad
well I'm gonna get mad I don't like
energy drink but I have to take it so
she doesn't have that much okay guys so
let me get you the latest on what's
going on so Jackie had workout 5:30 and
she left my house too late she only
knows one way to go to work and there's
a bunch of traffic at this time but I
know the back roads because I've lived
here way longer than her so uh I'm
driving in front of her she's behind me
right now and I'm leaning her the back
road so she can get to work on time
where's where's the trophy for the best
boyfriend award because someone needs to
give it to me right now but I'm just
joking so yeah if she took the main road
there is a bunch of traffic around this
time so
shit so yeah na mele she's behind me I
don't know C but uh says she's gotta go
to work and I'm gonna go to the mall
honestly I'm bored today I took a rest a
day off from the gym and I don't know I
think I'm gonna go to the mall I'm not
too sure what I'm gonna do but my guys
really bye baby
thank you so what about a pump gas
you already know fuck you can't see
that's number one let me tell you why we
got oh I wonder who number one on the
sun's is D book my dude Devin Booker
number 2 was taken so by either one one
or two book or blood still works guys so
I say I'm about to go to the mall by
myself and fuck boy called me and
Anthony have barely been hanging out
recently because if you don't know I'm
in school and I got a girlfriend and
Anthony started back in school like two
whenever couple months ago and he got a
girlfriend fuck boy actually settled
down I would have never thought this day
would come I thought you know fuck boy
fuck boy he's fucking firmly set on
DMing 300 girls every night holding
hands and walking eight different girls
to class and just texting thirty
different girls like at once
that's fuck boy that's Anthony little
did I know this boy settle down I'm
proud of him and this is Anthony I'm pat
on his back Wow so yeah fuck boy
actually settled down but he has no
plans with his girlfriend my girls at
work we're about to go to the mall
together so on Anthony I am actually
proud of him thought nobody when he told
me that he said would settled down you
know I did I way I said you're funny
dude I said you're funny bro I said
you're funny bro ham
now now come on tell me you're joking he
said no Brandon I settle down I said
okay fuck boy but it's true guys he
settled down he's tied down he's married
I'm cried ok so I have a McDonald's bag
in my car six days old
look listen to the crunch of the fray
listen with it pick it up a lot you know
I added but today I don't have one
I'll fight while Opoku these left in my
car I know look and a jack-in-the-box
taco from one week ago and they take a
bite out of that please but go to the
mall let's go oh no we're gonna crash
Oh
we out here same why Anthony saw his
friend I wish I come here I talked to
the pen know about that guy's watch
YouTube me to go duck oh oh does a
hard-on if ITIF that one hit my things
guys we've never heard of a fitting room
what side is that I didn't see him here
I'm wearing a jacket I don't know what
do you think what do you think vlog oh
no God Luke home dress to the mall I
literally had no idea we were coming on
hey but when you have a girlfriend
you don't have a dress up anymore look
look guys I bought this we got matching
ones and now it's time to go home
I'm ready hearted this is this but I
gotta get copyright oh shit Tomatoes
lucky guys listen before we went to the
mall I was supposed to feed Bosley and I
forgot to fucking feed him and how I
remembered it I just got a text my mom
I'm too scared to open it cuz I know
it's gonna say some shit about feeding
Bosley oh my God my mom had to go to
church Bryan was out and my dad was at
work
hey Brandon where are you did you feed
Bosley um about down why do I bother
hates me okay but honestly Bobby has
enough food in his system to last him
years yeah literally abandoned literally
used to hey no yeah Bosley has way more
than up Noble honestly I feel bad a
rushing home right now sure he's
actually coming over to my house from no
I'm not on my end Bosley and I'm gonna
give him a little extra my time sighs
why aren't you watching the Lakers game
Mazal put it on watching my vlog what a
true subscriber a true fan guys if
you're wondering what I'm doing back in
my mom and dad's room baby powder and
aftershave dad hold on I had to have
done something wrong because my armpits
are burning so bad okay yes I try just
to trim it but you know how the Clipper
is broken
so like I couldn't put it on a number so
it just had to be like really clean and
oh my god guys no I don't want you to
finish anything off dad guys I know I
always said I want the sons to lose but
honestly a win against the Lakers always
feels good always
so yeah the sons are beating the Lakers
and usually I'd be no Ben Simmons blah
blah but honestly you can't complain
against the Lakers I honestly want the
sons to win I highly dislike the Lakers
and I know a lot of my fan base is Laker
fans because they're one of the best the
Lakers historically speaking if you
watch basketball not right now but if
you've watched the Lakers are one of the
best franchises in the league if not the
best so so yes I hate the Lakers but I
won't ever deny that they're one of the
best teams in the history of the sleep
to end this log the sun's beat the
Lakers and I'm hyped I'm super happy so
end this vlog on that note
