I got this oh my god it's the ghost is
the ghost phallic fucking guy to me fuck
oh shit Tomatoes
god no but really I fucking walk up how
am I supposed to fucking sleep with that
noise it's on these these these people
from ASI putting a solar panel whatever
the fuck who better lighting like this
actually I'm still ugly as fuck so
whatever but um these people are putting
solar energy panels on the top of our
roof do I know why they're doing it yes
I know what this does but do I know the
full detailed fucking professional
explanation no and my subscribers some
of you guys are stingy as fuck so you
know if I'd be like oh yeah we're
putting the solar energy panels to a you
know conserve energy
dude are you stupid pressed on the blah
blah so let me just leave it at this
we're getting solar energy panels put on
top of our roof let's leave it at that
okay so yeah I just woke up it's nine
o'clock I can't sleep with this noise
but I'm actually glad they woke me up
because I'm gonna get ready for the gym
I'm gonna go play some lunchtime
basketball because as you know I do not
have school today um guys you know what
I was thinking a bunch of people were
asking me to make like a March Madness
bracket or to join their bracket group
with them you know what I said you know
what I said
I said fuck that I made a bracket every
year for the past four or five years I
can remember six fuck March Madness
ohdon't along I love March Madness it's
honestly it might be better than NBA
playoff basketball it's so intense it's
so hype it's so crazy and I watch I used
to ditch class so I can watch March
Madness because if you didn't know I'm
not talking about the song by future I'm
talking about the it's what essentially
it is college basketball tournament they
play from fucking 8:00 in the morning
all the way to fucking Tempe
it's all day it's all day or if I did go
to class my teachers would literally
bring down a TV and cancel class just so
I can watch it so um I loved March
Madness don't get me wrong but honestly
perfect bracket get that out of your
head it's never going to happen there's
too many upsets there's two it's just
not going to happen like oh speaking of
college basketball guys I know my whole
head has been like Ben Simmons to
Phoenix Ben Simmons to Phoenix and don't
get me wrong I still want Ben Simmons
but I think people are letting all the
media and Ben's him and hype get to
their head because don't get me wrong
Ben Simmons I still think he's the best
player in this draft and I still think
he's gonna go number one but if you
actually watch rather than just listen
if you watch the games Brandon Ingram
doesn't look too far off you know people
are making it out to be Ben Simmons up
here and Brandon Ingram down here I
think Ben Simmons up here and Brandon
Ingram is down here they're actually if
you watch Ben Ingram his game is really
nice Brandon Ingram is a small forward
from Duke he has like a Kevin Durant
built he's really really skinny but um
anyway let's get this vlog started
enough talking about basketball where
was that fucking solar panel energy
people guys I sound dead cuz I just woke
up okay so there's two solar panels
imagine buzzer sounding right here be my
ass because I took his spot
I'm not Brian
but guys Brian's vlogging I know fuck
the solar panel energy people off of my
goddamn roof oh shit Bosley you look
like a loaf of bread tomatoes you want
me to walk wipe your face with the
gloves to get all your eye boogers off
and then you want to go for a walk guys
look at this Bosley's not having it
there's some people doing community
service out of our out our window and
Bosley keeps walking through the window
Bosley let them live this isn't your
street they're doing their work I wonder
what they're doing community service for
murder
ready oh shit Nina or maybe they're just
being some nice people to this community
and doing community service for fun okay
guys let me tell you what we did in lab
yesterday so yesterday in my wet let me
put a shirt on actually I can't even
vlog because of the noise yesterday in
my biology lab we had to UM drink this
like salt water we had to gargle it and
we have to spit it back out into this
tube and do some like test to it but
obviously the main part of the lab is
teaching the girls or I mean teaching
the people in the class how to spit and
you know I'm looking at my girlfriend
and I'm like babe we struggle with this
class it's hard for us to learn
everything that we learn we have to like
we have to do so much just to pick the
little things up please if you're gonna
pick one lesson to learn easily don't
let it be this one get it no you don't
get it okay
oh shit
Jackie forgot her jacket here get it
Jackie jacket hold on give me a second
am i literally Michael Jackson I might
have to wear this out it makes me look
strong skin tight bullshit tonight if I
ripped it should actually fucking kill
me Devon Booker
oh the shitbag what fake we're three OTT
fugly no not yet
guys he keeps following me because I
told I'm gonna take him for a walk okay
Pauline wait look look I have no girl
wait you know what that means I have no
socks so let me go wear socks and then
put my shoes on and then we'll go for a
walk okay wait just wait Bosley patience
is a virtue
a virtue you don't possess with your
puzzle waiting
okay Bosley I'll make it quick
I heard the earthquake oh I knew it it's
cuz Bosley took a step on the stairs you
shook the whole house fat ass let's go
for a walk okay okay okay give me five
no give me five bonds are you okay Brian
what drugs did you give Bosley two socks
you already know what that means
lunchtime basketball guys look can you
see my phone look my phone screen is
still cracked I still haven't gotten it
fixed it's been a fucking month guys so
now Bosley's mad and he's fucking
putting on this pouty face all because
I'm not taking for a walk anymore
because
he won't say Brandon Knight sucks Bosley
say it and I'll take you for a walk stop
being so stubborn say Brandon Knight
sucks
okay guys I'm actually a little mad now
because for all the times I went to
chick-fil-a ask my brother if you wanted
breakfast even sometimes I'm already on
my way to school already on the way to
the gym and I come back to drop him off
his food he just wanted to flame didn't
even ask me if I wanted anything wow
you're not gonna ask my whining from
chick-fil-a I forgot put you on blast
god
amen
in his lair nananananana
cuz with March Madness starting I've
been getting up because I don't really
talk about college about so I've been
getting a bunch of tweets saying who's
your favorite college basketball team
and I'm living in San Diego I have a lot
of friends that go to SDSU so my team is
the San Diego State Aztecs but but I
also root for Kentucky because you guys
already know why Eric Bledsoe Kentucky
Devin Booker Kentucky Archie Goodwin who
also plays for the Suns I don't have a
fucking man crush Monday on him but he
still also plays for the Suns Kentucky
and dare I say it which probably makes
me hate Kentucky a little bit more
Brandon Knight from Kentucky the Sun
jock four players from Kentucky fuck you
my brother trying to record me well yeah
so I do support Kentucky first I do
support Kentucky for Eric Bledsoe and
Devin Booker but my team obviously San
Diego State what oh shit Jackie dropped
a five yesterday mine now babe
just joking guys I'm not a thief let
alone for my girlfriend don't think I
stole from her was her heart ha get it
I'm so corny let me make that a little
more sexual the only thing I saw from
her was her purr okay so since my
brother didn't have half the decency to
ask me if I wanted food just like I
always do for him now I have to go get
food before I go to the gym I'm running
short on time I think I'm gonna go get
some fucking McDonald's honestly up
kills me to say it it kills my heart to
say and it kills my lifespan to say it
Oh for the love of God you have to walk
your kid right away I'm about to fucking
turn right walk hey I love kids
go oh hey I didn't know you got two
right there yeah I love children
fucking love kids so yeah I think I'm
gonna go get some damn McDonald's listen
to this guy look at this tragedy
hi McDonald's can I get a sausage
McMuffin that's 99 cents oh yeah can I
get it with egg four dollars what the
fuck is one egg
so without egg it's 99 cents and with
eggs fucking four dollars you missed me
with that bullshit guys so the
McDonald's is right by Jackie's house
and I had to drop off for a jacket
anyways so I'm a beggar McDonald's she
said she wanted egg McMuffin watch this
I'm fuckin we go to her and be like oh
babe I asked them for egg and no no they
just gave me the sausage four dollars
for literally the sandwich the size of
my knife in my pinky it's the size of
the nail of my pinky I'm headed with the
baby I don't know I asked her for egg
Baba I'm a cheap I've been watching too
much mr. Krabs now actually fuck
McDonald do $4 guys I was just thinking
this randomly Bosley is actually gonna
like I'm actually gonna make Bosley be
my best man at my wedding like thing
about it well I don't know if he's gonna
live that long the fucking fat ass but
oh no I actually want Basel he would
look like the Pope from men in black
with the suit except the one from men in
black is actually a normal way and not
he's not morbidly obese like Bosley
wears McDonald's oh shit there it is
guys look that M literally literally my
upper lip it's the M of the fucking
McDonald's oh yeah you want to call me
hot bitch just because I was fuckin
vlogging guys see what I do for you guys
ah
you're gonna have great uh I'll just
wondering how much the sausage McMuffin
with egg is okay can I get just can I do
three sausage McMuffins the one without
end
I love Teddy walk oh sure let's say
thank you ma'am I'll make up for it
thank you ma'am fuck my voice um yeah I
love fatty one but guys I'm gonna eat
one right now
hot McDonald's I already know your food
is fake you don't need to microwave the
extra hot to try to make me think it was
cooked fresh fuck
Donald's bitches hot how's it going one
more hot oh shit a cop behind me arrest
me now bitch I'm not gonna live it
please shot from a pussy
and now I'm using my signal help never
mind he left turn my signal off savage
guys you know those foods that place you
know little food that you that just
fucking make it have a heart attack and
you end up you find yourself like this
you find yourself going huh and then you
find yourself crawling to the fucking
water bottle that you need before you
pass out and die that's what this is I
swear it happens to me a lot with rice
if you eat rice too fast you get that
well you fucking dive slap your chance
oh shit
and crawl to the damn water I think
sausage McMuffin is actually the leading
cause of that in the US
hey why did my things who made guys it's
time to go play some fucking basketball
drop off this food and jacket and Jackie
and fuck him just enjoy my Wednesday
that's what I'm gonna do
guys Jackie's coming out right now I'm
going to set up a nice picnic on my carb
McDonald's fries and fucking sausage
McMuffin before I go to the gym Oh
unloads on my car for me and my
girlfriend
they break up the food's getting cold
what did you say
go break what she said I'm about to
leave and she goes okay babe we'll break
some ankles I said you know that term
maybe she's been watching too much
Brandon night
for basketball always time to live I got
the size xs/small makes you look all
that bigger yeah I finished playing ball
now it's time to change into my extra
small
you
always on his last set of sit down and
talk
this is his 20th set now it's your last
set how many sets is that of sit down
and talk like 40 please stop talking
oh you didn't see the camera there huh
guys what do you want to say host
post-workout meal because all you work
out so hard if you have me on snapchat
you would see so coach will calm you vit
you're right Gordon started with me
helping those running they can get brown
rice I looked at him I said look boys
you can shout out you guys out to the
brothel lattice squad congratulatory
shout out to all of you for getting
accepted into San Diego State University
what are your thoughts on that big
things coming in the future oh just you
know what hard to sue us all you know
hard work pays off you want to leave oh
yeah I know really all you just got
accepted into San Diego State University
so congratulations on that that's where
Kawhi Leonard Lamm for all you
basketball fan oh there is was him with
his oh my daily vlogs I don't get
nervous
oh my bump my name is just the truth TV
camera camera shot really put him in my
hat where you going Oh Bob's Wings right
there guys yeah do you know whose car
that is that's Ali's car him and Jordan
showed up to my house
wait we're about to go to the mall I'm
making them drive so Jack is about to go
to work and I'm about to go to the mall
so I can go entertain other girls while
she works babe
ah guys I'm just joking there's only one
girl I want to entertain and that's my
girlfriend Jackie shit
guys this is my favorite pillow right
here it's so comfy I'm gonna take a nap
before I go to the mall why are you not
matching your socks I never matter what
she says it's bad luck if you might
racial habits okay guys so I'm going to
the mall jack is going to work only in
Jordan are downstairs look at this not
scared but Carol yeah what you want me
to do go nothing in Rogers go grab me
something okay I'm gonna go put all
these up food when we go to the mall but
he said don't tell your mom it's for me
sage for you so MA
I'm putting food for myself before we go
to the mall I'm putting food for myself
food
so I arrived home nobody's home
except for Bosley my girlfriend just got
off work babe
she said she'd row near 80 miles she
drove here 80 miles per hour from work
because she had to go pee bay-buh miles
long oh say bye bye not to me hi guys
you're coming with me you're saying bye
to us
you're saying bye to boss what why'd you
have a chocolate why these are yours
they are but what are you trying to say
oh yeah the chocolate but don't begin my
period look what you guys look at what
he did when he found out I was gonna get
my paired with no no I didn't yeah I
know I didn't know first of all I would
have done much worse for so Akos look at
all the fat I had I was gonna I would do
much worse if you were really gonna get
your period
thank God she was just joking she knew
nails the LCME same boyfriend though
sucks for you and guys I can't show my
boxers on camera they'd give me the
truth you want me to just take my box
you guys look at the new shirt I bought
homie funny do cuz I was gonna say
something it was fat I literally was
just doing this I was like he said you
have such hot artists to sort of work
out I said no idea I was touching her
arms and she goes yeah god she's good
you go coach she could do don't touch my
I see you she gave me this from his room
and said work out in front of the mail I
did not I said your arm family shit yes
how big how many lies tells me a zero I
don't lie I'm a Catholic Christian I am
Catholic look
why sort it up by myself that's a lot
mm-hmm
I don't just do things by myself you set
yourself up for that one
