what is up you guys
I'm Brandon here aka Broadus and today's
video is on something I've wanted to do
it's kind of like a new series I wanted
to start on my channel I'm sure a lot of
you guys will think it's boring a lot of
you guys wouldn't want to watch it I
already know some comments are gonna be
well where's the vlog I was waiting for
a vlog there's not gonna be a vlog today
no reaction no prank none of that today
I wanted to talk on a topic that's
really controversial and let me tell you
the purpose of me doing these um things
so I'm gonna speak on the topic of why I
think girls in relationships should not
go out wearing such revealing outfit
such you know short clothing and let me
tell you the purpose of this is not for
me to lecture all the girls out there
it's not for me to tell you how to run
your relationship it's simply because I
want opinions I want feedback I want to
know what people's thoughts on things
because I'm only 20 years old I'm still
a kid if you think about it I'm still
learning so I want to see how other
people think things through in their
heads
because everyone has a different mindset
and at the same time I'm a kid I'm 20
years old but I also feel like you know
I've been through a lot in my life and I
have a lot of friends like at the gym
that are older and from different
countries that just have different
mindsets about everything so I kind of
wanted to start a series where I give
you guys my opinion I give you guys my
thought process on a certain topic
that's kind of controversial and then I
want to hear your guys opinion so I want
to hear it from different age groups
from people who live in different
countries with different cultures or
just people in general I just want to
hear your opinion so like I said this is
going to be about girls who wear little
clothing if you're in a relationship
this has nothing to do with girls who go
out wearing it when they're single so
let me tell you why this got brought up
so yesterday I'm at school right and I'm
walking around and I've seen this girl
with her boyfriend plenty of times
almost every day that I went to school
and yesterday she wasn't with her
boyfriend she was by herself I don't
know if they broke up or let's just say
that uh I don't know if he was at work
or he didn't go to class
what but she was wearing a crop top like
like a tank top that went above her
stomach I didn't even cover down to her
shorts and she was wearing shorts that
were halfway up her ass I'm not trying
to be funny they were literally halfway
up her butt and and then I tweeted I was
like I tweeted out like girls that are
in relationships that go out in public
wearing such revealing clothing I said
how's your man okay with that like did
he die or he just doesn't care or what
and I got you know a bunch of support a
bunch of retweets
but like expected I got a bunch of girls
can wear whatever they want their
boyfriend isn't their dad like all that
and let me tell you because this topic
has both it can go both ways which is
why I'm not gonna sit here and act like
I'm right like I said I'm saying this
for opinion reasons it's an opinion
based topic and I want to know
everyone's opinion so here's my thoughts
it has nothing to do with your boyfriend
try to control you it has nothing to do
with trust because some people are
saying oh you have no trust in a
relationship no I'm not saying just as a
girl wears shorts and a crop top she's
gonna go cheat on you it's simply about
respect
in my head it's not only respect for
yourself not only respect for your
partner but it's respect for your
relationship like um you just because
let me tell you this girls because this
girl tweeted to me she said just because
I wear revealing outfits doesn't make me
a ho I said you're right it doesn't make
you a ho the activities you partake and
make you a ho but that is not gonna stop
people from thinking oh look what she's
wearing she's a ho or she's a slut they
might not say to your face but trust me
people talk like that so it's just like
a bad image for it like your
relationship and at the same time it's
like what you know guys are gonna look
you know guys are their dogs you know
guys are gonna look you're attracting
the attention of other guys oh and let
me define what I mean by such revealing
clothing because some people thought I
was talking about like a t-shirt and
shorts they were like what if it's
burning Hall you want us to wear a
jacket and jeans no that's not what I
mean
wear a fucking tank top wear a t-shirt
wear short shorts I'm talking about the
girls who literally come out wearing
fucking shorts up their ass tank tops
that don't even cover half
down their stomach and or you know those
really really short dresses with some
high boot just giving a bad image right
though I'm not talking about just short
clothing
I don't it's fuckin we live in San Diego
it's hot I understand that you know what
I mean by revealing outfits so so yeah I
got a hit with uh with a trust like oh
you need to trust your girlfriend and I
understand that this has nothing to do
with trust like I said just because a
girl goes out in the hall which outfit
or revealing clothing does not mean
she's gonna go cheat on you it's about
the look the respect for your
relationship the respect for your
butcher if I just like yesterday why do
you think I'm making this video because
like it bothered me that this girl the
one day she without her boyfriend goes
out and where is this for what reason
there's a reason she wasn't wearing that
while she was with her boyfriend and
actually if you're with your boyfriend
go ahead go out on a fucking bikini it
doesn't matter you're with your
boyfriend that's fine but it's the girls
that go out without their boyfriend it's
just like you know it's gonna attract
the attention of other dudes and I know
I know your girls are gonna say so whoa
we're not gonna talk to the other dudes
I know but why even attract the
attention like it's unnecessary on
potential like they have more potential
to talk to you because guys are dogs
they're gonna see a girl in a jacket and
jeans 1% chance they're gonna talk to
her they're gonna see a girl dressed
like a hoe they're gonna come up to them
and try to talk it's just how guys are
um so has nothing to do with talk it's
just more on the light I mean trust it's
just more on the like why bring any
potential like unnecessary visitors like
into it second it's about respect you
know like guys are gonna refer guys and
girls will refer to you as a whole based
on how you dress no matter what that's
how the definition of a ho it's not the
definition of a slut but it's 2016 man
like people are shit talkers they're
going to they're gonna say it regardless
of what you do so why give them any more
like why give them any more fuel to add
to the fire like like it's just like I
wouldn't want my girlfriend to go out in
a short in short clothes and people said
oh did you see what Brandon's girlfriend
was wearing when she wasn't with him
like it's just like respect towards your
relationship the other thing is people
were telling me you're so controlling
you can't tell your girlfriend what to
wear that's crazy it has nothing to do
with control I'm not like
if your boyfriend is telling you what to
and what not to wear that's not the
right relationship but girls should just
know like you should just know okay like
I have a boyfriend I'm a doctor go in
public in a place with a lot of guys in
a place with a heavy population maybe I
should not wear such revealing clothing
so yeah I got a lot I get the concept of
oh well if a girl works hard to have her
body like you know like she works out
she has a nice body then let her show it
off I understand that concept show it
off when you're single or or how about
this show it off to your man when you
guys are alone or show it off to your
man when you guys are together you don't
need to show it off to the whole world
like I understand guys like I said this
is not a fact and this is not me trying
to persuade anybody this is simply me
giving my thoughts and I know there's
gonna be different opinions and I want
to hear them because like I said I'm
still young I'm still learning but at
the same time I feel like I have a
strong opinion so I can learn some
things and I can also apply some things
to people this is just like a little
series I wanted to start because I'm
curious guys everybody has a different
mindset like my girlfriend is from El
Salvador and although we're the same age
we grew up with the same people and we
go to the same school we have really
different mindsets so I'm not talking
about this topic we agree on this one
but I'm just talking about in life in
general
me and Bryan we're blood brothers and we
have different minds it's on a lot of
things so I can only imagine like the
variety of thoughts that are from people
who watch my videos so I want to know
your guys opinions on this like I said I
just feel like and I don't think people
are wrong like if girls go out and no
relationship winning that I don't think
you're wrong
but it's just something I wouldn't want
my girlfriend to do and I'm sure a lot
of guys agree but at the same time I'm
sure there's a lot of guys who just kick
back and say I'm sure actually there's
guys who want that I'm sure there's guys
who want people to stare at his
girlfriend so that he can say yeah I got
what everybody stares at and I
understand that concept cuz it makes you
feel on top and you know it's like oh I
trust her she's not gonna cheat on me so
other guys can look but I'm the one
touching I get that concept because
you've heard my stories with Jackie I
get the whole yeah there they look but I
touch they look but I go in raw but no
I'm just joking but am i joking
but no what I'm saying is yeah a lot of
guys like that and a lot of
wouldn't let their men interfere with
what they were and I understand that
this is a very controversial topic so
there's gonna be two different sides but
me personally I wouldn't want my
girlfriend doing that and I don't think
it's necessarily the right thing to do
to go out like that when you have a
boyfriend like I said when you're single
you go out with whatever you want oh
yeah for the reason being mainly it's
just respect respect for yourself your
body respect for your man because you
don't want people you know and I get the
whole oh you don't need to worry about
what other people say it's not that it's
just it's in your head - it's just
respectful for your girl to dress up
appropriately she can wear fucking
shorts you can wear a tank top but not a
tank top like they shouldn't have for
cleavage not shorts that's fucking you
know what I mean when I say revealing I
don't mean just a regular outfit I mean
a something that would pop out and guys
are automatically jacked or so on
those are my thoughts has nothing to do
with your boy being your dad controlling
you has nothing to do with him saying
wow my bills wearing short clothes she's
gonna go cheat on me has nothing to do
with that
it's simply respect it's simply just
something that albin you should do when
you're in a relationship and now I want
to hear your guys thoughts
I apologize for there being no vlog
today but I just really wanted to get
this out and I wanted to like guys maybe
I'll be doing this I don't know about
once a week but maybe once every two
weeks and uh oh and the reason I didn't
use my new intro I have contacted the
designer we're making a few minor
changes to it a few minor changes so it
should be done this week for sure maybe
in the next couple of days stay tuned
brats vlog I love you guys all and let
me know your guys opinions because I am
interested Oh guys before I end it
before I go really quick I wanted to
give you a specific example of what the
girls that were against me
we're telling me um one of them said if
you had a nice body that it's
self-expression you can show it and I
told her like like that's nice you think
that in your head but a lot of people
won't think it's self-expression that's
like a really a small percent of the
population would look at a girl dress
like that and be like oh you go girl
that's self-expression you show your
body it's sad but it's the truth it's
2016 people don't think like that and
another girl who I know said um said I
can wear whatever I want my boyfriend
isn't pecet possessive of me he's not
controlling of me
like I said I told her I said I said hey
you can do whatever you want it's just
in my head respect it's not controlling
and maybe I'm like this in my head
because I have to deal with fucking I'm
not trying to brag I'm not trying to
sound cocky that I have such a hot
girlfriend I don't care because a lot of
people come and your girlfriend is ugly
she's hot in my eyes but everywhere we
go there's people staring people staring
and like I don't know so maybe that's
why this is my mindset on this but I
just I know there's gonna be people who
agree and I know there's gonna be people
who disagree I honestly expect it to be
like 50/50 if not more people
disagreeing with me but I just want to
know what you guys think honestly to
answer everybody's question that
everybody's thinking am i a crazy psycho
insane mentally unstable
fucking psycho ass boyfriend uh yes and
like I said for the millionth time
because I know there's gonna be people
who comment saying if it's how a girl
should be allowed to wear what she wants
without blah blah like I said I
understand go wear tank top go wear
shorts go wear a fucking loose t-shirt
my definition of what I'm speaking of on
this whole 11 minute video is the
outfits that are literally like like 30%
clothing and 70% skin that's a long time
now I'm not talking about just short
outfits in general I don't care about
that and the other country will still
think that I just want to clear up one
last time is I'm not calling girls who
dress like that hoes but the society
that we live in as sad as it is works
that way and everybody knows it it's
2016 if a girls dressed like that you're
are not gonna turn to your boy and be
like fucking ho like that it's it's not
the way I think but that's how society
is and everybody knows that they just
don't want to admit it don't know what
long distance I need you when I see
potential I just gotta say it though if
you had a twin that was fair chose you
