guys this upcoming video you're about to
watch is something that belongs on my
bro artists NBA channel it's my second
channel but I haven't I actually haven't
really promoted that channel yet and I
just want to show you guys what type of
videos are gonna be on that channel this
is gonna be a Phoenix Suns reaction to
the Phoenix Sun versus Minnesota timber
game which happened last night I'm not
gonna tell you guys whether they won or
lost although most you guys know I'm
just let you guys watch it but like I
said these type of videos will not be
coming on my main channel anymore this
is gonna be the last one like I said it
for all videos like this one coming up a
reaction or any videos of me just
talking about the NBA is gonna be on my
second channel which is in my sub box
and it's also in the description down
below the link is there so go ahead and
check it out on if you're interested in
videos like this if you think they're
funny or you just love basketball then
be sure to subscribe because I'm gonna
be uploading not daily but two to three
times a week maybe four and these are
gonna be the type of videos so like I
said this video going on my main channel
today but this is not what my main
channel is gonna be used for all the
videos like this are gonna be going up
on my NBA channel so you find this
interesting be sure to subscribe link in
the description below and thank you guys
for watching guys I need the suns to
lose they're up by one with five minutes
left
fuck Brandon Knight he's 3 for 14
shooting with 8 points 8 points on 3 for
14 and he has 4 turnover is he fucking
sucks
no no fuck listen let me tell you my
father wouldn't hide so after his last
performance against Steph Curry where he
put up 30 points 7 assists and 6
rebounds
Jimbo's fucking miss I'd be so pissed if
the Suns win this game Oh No just let
nice shoe every shot that way he'll just
miss everything
not for 3 he missed hey if I fuckin told
you tonight sucks but listen I
they're nice score 30 points last game
and he had six points and seven assists
people were people were literally
attacking you on Twitter they were like
oh I bet you like him now or oh I bet
you're gonna not gonna talk shit about
him now and you know what I replied I
replied no this is the reason I hate
night because I know following his 30
point game he's gonna come up with some
bullshit game like this he's
inconsistent you don't need that on your
team he's so inconsistent and no Mirza
again yes he air-balled
yeah guys I knew I think I replied to
two people who said they were like oh I
bet you love night now or oh do you
still hate night yeah that's exactly the
reason I hate him because he knows his
potential he can score 30 points you can
six ward 706 and he falls up with a
eight point three for 15 shooting game
literally two days later that's terrible
I fucking hate nights inconsistency and
the sun's don't need that on their team
okay the sun's are up two with four
minutes the sun's win this game I'm
never talking about benefits to Phoenix
cuz it's not gonna happen they need to
lose a bunch of games yeah
the moral of this story I don't care
Brandon I scored thirty I don't care if
you scored 50 that last game I still
hate him and I still want him off the
team so let's say one Bledsoe comes back
next year what are you gonna do is stab
put Booker on the bench no Booker's our
starter there's no way you start a night
over him and Knight is getting paid too
much to come off the bench and he's not
gonna accept the bench roll anyway so
you get rid of night and you come into
next year with Bledsoe on Booker as your
starting backcourt
Bledsoe I can't believe people were
fucking making this a debate before the
year started oh would you rather have
Bledsoe or night and oh my god now Tyson
Chandler fucking scores I've been
waiting six months for a Tyson Chandler
to score and he scores I've been waiting
six months for a Tyson Chandler to score
ever since he got that four month I mean
four year 52 million dollar contract
he's literally scored two points the
whole year for the sons and now he
decides to score
fuck you Tyson oh my god Brandon Knight
sucks dick let Brandon Knight
every single shop please that way the
sons will lose this game guaranteed ah
karl-anthony towns and Devin Booker
those are friends right they're both
freshmen out of Kentucky they went to
the same school guys look at this
Chandler dunk that's literally what he
was dying to do he was signed to do that
for the Suns motherfucker I decide to do
when I want them to lose Oh No
if Booker shoots eights going in nope
yes go Shabazz don't miss don't go on
offense it felt okay oh fuck you Ref
babe I'm telling you if I wanted the
stunts to win all these calls would be
going wrong and they would lose but
since I wanted them to lose Tyson
Chandler is doing today what he should
have been doing all year he's only doing
it when I want he hasn't done this shit
all year no no no oh my god
first of all let me just address the
fact that Brenda night miss again again
they do you see this you're seeing it
with your own eyes Brandon I had miss
he's 3 for 17 someone justify how he's a
good point guard please someone do that
because I don't understand and second
Tyson Chandler
well the Suns are out by 4 with 2
minutes left
yeah if the Suns win this game you can
kiss Ben Simmons goodbye guys I'll turn
my girlfriend if this was November guys
I was telling my beautiful person I hear
Jackie my future wife is that better
what do you want me to call you I was
telling my stripper Jackie
babe oh my gosh will you want me to call
you back
I was telling my girl Brak you I know
that if this was November or December
then yeah go ahead good job
when good job no it's almost April it's
the end of the year there's 16 games
left do you have no incentive to win
games why are you doing this to me what
are you laughing at more no the coach
stands there like this I'm more I'm more
into the game than the coach firing
Watson and the higher Broadus yeah well
number three in the Sun fuck number
three brand at night guys people have
been there babe stop looking at me if
you have the nerve
they actually yeah if this was been a
night out actually do this for my number
people have the nerve to tell me oh why
do you hate brain tonight he's a good
player oh I had a laugh that fucking
hard in my whole life I'm laughing
harder than my baby fuck him why are you
coming up now okay guys Brandon Knight
let me tell you this no all you need to
know is that he fucking sucks yeah I
hated Markieff because of his attitude
and he was a terrible player attitude
wise and in the team locker room and he
was a cancer for the team but he could
play Brandon Knight oh he has great
attitude you meet him oh hi how are you
he talks back but he sucks at the sport
of basketball guys karl-anthony towns
and devin booker both went to babe stop
biting your nails oh my god I hate the
suns please why do they have to do this
to me just lose towns first free-throw
oh my god he missed let me guess towns
are shooting like a hundred percent on
the gear but now that they fucking need
the free-throw he misses ok sun's up by
three with two minutes guys if you're
just a stat sheet looker then yeah
Brandon Knights a really good point
guard he's above average and one of the
best in the league but if you no no yes
thanks Booker cut
Booker really isn't bad he's just doing
this cuz he knows I want them to lose so
he he accepts me on fucking Twitter he
knows what I want I tweet all the time
Suns better lose this game so he did
that on purpose
I appreciate it Booker okay please
zach lavine for three and to tie the
game yes tie game with 140 guys it feels
so weird rooting against your own team
like my heart actually hurts but it
feels so good at the same time it'll pay
off when Ben Simmons come oh my god my
girlfriend is not having this game what
you want to watch why are you not having
me you're having me later it actually
feels like it hurts my heart to go
against the Suns but at the same time I
know that this would be better for the
team just lose this game that's all I'm
gonna say guys Brandon Knight has taken
17 shots 1 7 how I thought that comes
out on camera he's made 3 he's taken
he's 2 for 10 from 3 he's taken 10
threes I'm sorry but I think he's been
watching too much Stef because you're
not fucking Steph Curry you don't need
to take 10 threes a game and make two oh
and by the way did I mention he's
getting paid more than Steph Curry
please get Brandon guy off my team this
is my team get him on his basketball i.q
is through the ground it's below its
below hell no Musa for 3 what the fuck
right when the team votes in a 3 to tie
the game Mirza fuck a bitch decides to
hit a 3 so now that Suns are up back to
you the minute 20 Karl towns wow the two
bulls fucking miss I'm over this game
please gone miss please no no no no no
Mirza I'll kill you
oh yes Timbo of score guys oh my god
there's one minute left
Timbo of please no yes
Oh guys what the fuck baby he just
missed a layup the Rookie of the Year
karl-anthony towns the best player out
of this rookie class just missed a
fucking layup down by three with one
minute left
like do you have you guys ever heard of
Brandon's luck this is Brandon's luck
it's worse than bad luck no no yes yes
they call the offensive foul first of
all where did I just missed again
he just missed again I can't do what I'm
watching 3 for 18 2 for 11 from 3 the
Sun oh my god the Warriors are up by 30
um so yeah the sun's put it back and
they wave the shot off
Wow Brandon ice sucks ok so let's see
what happens here baby I can't believe
Karl towns missed that layup okay guys
so down by 3 32 seconds the Timberwolves
are shooting two free throws I'll just
give you my reaction to see if they make
one or both Wow Brandon I I'm in shock
for every motherfucker who told me oh
why do you hate all Brandon Knight he's
good blah blah blah
some people actually unsubscribe because
I was hitting on Brandon Knight I might
expect you guys back after you watch
this please talents make both there's at
least you could do after missing that
layup well the sons arena is dead ok he
made the first guys the Suns are up by
one with 15 seconds left please miss yes
they turned it over they turned it over
they fouled Minnesota oh my god Bay
Minnesota shooting two free-throws down
by one or twelve seconds okay he made it
so tie game please make it it yes
Ben Simmons to Phoenix I need the Sun
salutes they're down by one with 12
seconds the sun's better not hit a
fucking buzzer beater babe imagine how
pissed guys I'd be so pissed if the
sun's hit a buzzer beater right now
they've imagine if the sub actually died
but oh my god please God don't let this
ones wind vlog I have to pee so bad
we're tonight don't look at me through
the fucking TV
piece of shit would you inbound the ball
my heart what oh my gosh
Booker fucking scores and a foul
guys Booker fucking gets an Antwon babe
oh my gosh
fuck why does Booker have to be so good
oh my gosh I hate the NBA I fucking hate
the NBA and he makes a free throw Wow so
now just like that the Suns are up by
two with nine seconds Minnesota ball how
in Minnesota stupid they actually fouled
in that situation
this has to be a joke
I understand Booker's the next Michael
Jordan if not better but why in this
situation guys well unpress is me most
his Booker's passing this month he's
averaging five point six assists he's a
shooting guard that's pretty darn good
it's more than Brandon Nights dumbass
and Brandon eyes actually are point
guard okay nine seconds left six seconds
left Minnesota's down by two wagons for
the shop yes we can score tagging with
four seconds yes
who left son's ball fuck I have to pee
so bad 104 104 four seconds left
oh no they're showing is this video I
broke your arm remember guys I'm gonna
put that video actually the description
below this last son's or no the buzzer
beater earlier this year actually broke
Jackie's on cuz I was so hyped what a
difference now I'm begging them to lose
would you be mad if they put this up
hold on big we would not fucking me
together why'd you ask that watch is
another that's nice
I have a big digger I'm closed because
of my dick
two seconds left Mirza for the win baby
fucking made it
are you fucking kidding me oh my gosh
miRs it's a little bit just hit a
fucking are you fucking kidding me babe
what the fuck is going on
he had towns all up town was literally
up his dick and he fucking made that
what why why why oh my gosh
of all people Mirza fucking fuck here's
one second left please let the
Timberwolves in two three
please come on please Shabazz please
so guys you fucking suck if we're being
on it you piece of shit you had so much
hype coming out of fucking UCL a
first-round pick so you can miss a
fucking wide open three in the clutch
you suck Shabazz
babe I'm over the NBA I hate the NBA
guys I'll take a moment to appreciate
Brandon Nights career game 3 for 18
shooting 2 for 11 from 3 8 points and
hold on wait for the best part 40
minutes
40 he played though almost the whole
fucking game he played 40 minutes and he
scored 8 points that's like if I if I
took my fucking two-year-old cousin and
fucking put him on the team I came and
go no but in all seriousness PJ Tucker
had a career-high 23 points 12 rebounds
and 5 assists so I guess PJ Tucker had a
great game but honestly Suns you're
doing it wrong they were 2 and 30 in a
32 game span 2 and 30 and now they're I
think like four and six in their last 10
that's fucking bad
I mean it's good in a sense of winning
but I'm gonna take this all on my
girlfriend babe I feel bad for you
