okay you guys so let me give you a
little preview of what this video is
gonna be so today I woke up Monday I was
really really busy
I didn't have time to vlog I had stuff
to do on top of homework some how to
take care of what my girlfriend my
haircut appointment and just a bunch of
other shit piled up I had no video for
today like I didn't know I didn't know
what to record I had no time so I needed
to keep my upload streak alive
I was digging deep I was thinking what
can I do to save this streak so I texted
this little somebody named mama rug I
texted this dude named brother Brian and
I texted my dad and I said honestly guys
I'm not really gonna be home today or
even if I'm home I'm not gonna be able
to do anything so please take over vlog
for me I have no idea my mom just handed
me the camera footage is on the memory
card and I'm not about to edit this
right now I have no idea what it's I
don't know I have no idea so I hope you
guys enjoy it I hope my self enjoys it
and I guess this is like a family vlog
takeover to save my streak oh and also
tune in to the end of this video because
at the end of the video I'm debuting my
new intro I want to know what you guys
think if I should use that or if I
should make some adjustments to I want
to know what you guys think and also I
got a new banner so changes are coming
to this channel and it's only looking up
if you're wondering about my fucking
voices like this you'll find out in my
second upload which is about the son's
game so I've watched it's fucking gone
you can only imagine how that was but um
yeah new intro I don't know what you
guys think because this is my channel of
your channel if you guys don't like the
intro I'm not gonna use it you guys want
me to make some changes I'm gonna make
some changes and also a new banner so
that's coming at the end of this video I
hope you guys enjoyed wait I don't hope
you guys enjoy actually because I forgot
to say something I wanted to give you
guys a little fun fact of the day
with today's haircut you guys can't tell
yes I got a haircut with today's haircut
that marks 15 the number for today's 15
haircut I've gone since the last time my
brother rug got in a chair and got his
haircut that's right
I've gotten 15 haircut since the last
time my brother got his haircut
I'm not throw shade or anything it's
just like a
fun fact it's funny to me it's actually
crazy but what's it called oh yeah I was
gonna say it just turned midnight just
now I'm about to edit two videos I'm
about to end of this family takeover
vlog and also my reaction to the son's
game which is gonna be my second upload
of the day I'm gonna be up it's gonna be
a long long night but I do this for you
guys and also the fact that I have class
at 11:00 in the morning is hmm let's
just say I hope to fall asleep before 5
a.m. but wat Squad I love you guys and
I'm now on the Commodore them in oh you
don't want to hold it oh this is the
Lighting's good are you not like ok you
know record yes surely enjoy what's
going on guys mama rock is here and
today I decided to take over bruh wadis
tunnel a lot for you guys I see a good
video idea ok and let's see my day is
okay no but how I start my day youtuber
mama rug
um you wake up you make breakfast coffee
breakfast all that stuff belongs dead
dog yeah she's gonna go walk the dog
know if I can hold her and walk her
house like it does not could be like
that you can flip it like there's like
to show Bosley and then like we'll be
back
all right good luck oh thank you
let's see how they gonna like it yeah
let's go bug ugly we're gonna go for a
walk what you want to go for a walk okay
don't run no no uh-uh
let's go easy let's go okay wish me luck
wait wait for me wait we have to go to
the garage you get the leash let's go so
don't talk badly don't talk badly hold
on okay go to the garage wait let me get
a bag for your food wait
hold on don't be on your leash don't be
on the leash it's a beautiful day very
beautiful to San Diago
okay Bosley you said we're gonna walk
we're not gonna stay in one spot go back
inside and make some coffee I don't
normally eat a breakfast but I do make
breakfast for the kids if they decide to
eat in the house but nah bro wadis of
course I love rain
not rain please rain
rainy days cold days let's go back Brian
is home we know the whole flock is gonna
be Bosley walking let's go home let's go
home
Bosley let's do some vlogging here see
if I'm gonna do it right I'll try okay
on some rug and bharata's videos I've
seen the commons they asked where are we
from because of probably my accent which
is not too heavy I hope we meet in Papa
Rock are from Iraq we've been here over
20 years Brandon and Brian were born
here are we are Chaldean Catholic our
language is Chaldean but I do speak
Arabic too but mostly Kellyanne at home
some other question is on what do you
think of Brandon and Brian doing YouTube
videos I think it's a it's a beautiful
thing but it's a lot of work believe me
what they go to so they wake up in the
morning trying to think of an idea of
the video and they start editing and
stuff and they have to make sure that
video is gonna make people happy at the
end of the day and you see those nice
comments and people like it it's worth
it it's worth all the effort they put I
need to know those two brats get married
and leave the house which I don't want
to I want him by homicide
oh but eventually that's gonna happen
one day
and I can't picture that picture in my
life just mean fucker all and lovely no
way I don't hear their voice if I don't
hear them fighting or laughing or eating
and stuff it's it's hard sometimes I
both travel at the same time and the
house is really auntie I love my kids
and I love to have them around me you
know the emoji do you love me Mom do you
or are you only saying that on camera
I'm just joking my mom loves me I know
it
let's walk to from what is room I mean
Phoenix Suns home without me putting my
pitch on it yeah I like it
he's really dedicated this date yeah
yeah and all the stuff that you guys
send him we're not gonna see Brandon
we're just gonna PC purple and orange
yeah I don't know how he has room to put
like all the stuff you guys send him in
fan mail well he said him and dad they
might do it can't phase to my wall
actually has room on and who cleaned
that rule you did of course actually
like rendering the video guys of course
this is my life right here it's comfy it
is but I always wake up with back
problems
I know okay so I just added edited that
part what the hell did I just watch MTV
Cribs guys I'm bad Brian don't look at
me from up there no I get nervous
one thing I forgot to mention earlier
Brandon getting 300,000 so that was a
big big deal for all of us especially
for him if I tell you guys that he did
cry Brandon please
edit this you came up to me and say mom
I can't believe then you start firing
well it's nice to know that I can you
know tell secrets to my mom because it's
not like she's telling 350 fuckin
thousand subscribers thank you mom
I love my mom she spilled my secrets
though so thank you so much guys for
wasn't for you guys he wouldn't get to
this place very thankful and I want to
thank you guys personally that means a
lot to everyone especially poor to him
but he does work hard he does put a lot
of effort on his videos so make it good
for you guys so I just want to thank you
and say he was like screaming don't
praise him and dancing in his room and
then when he came up to me and Papa
Robin say can't believe it just today
today and he cried a little we want to
thank Rob for that to run right brother
Robert see probably picking the shit
upstairs yeah okay guys we were waiting
for Papa rod and finally he's here let's
see let's ask him some questions
the head looking now yeah okay
hey Papa rug how are you how was your
day at work okay um what do you think of
your son Brad is hitting three hundred
thousand subs honestly that's amazing
did you see his reaction he was crying
yesterday you want to go in the car you
want to go in the car you want to go for
a walk you want to go for a lot you want
to eat food now huh let's go open the
door first
yes
go
I'm trying to keep Papa rock down but I
know he wants to run upstairs to the
what watching Netflix after work you
know I gotta sit and relax yeah you can
help me with housework but with food for
basel badly she said I can yeah let's do
it
Bosley I was tears come on let's do it
let's do Netflix Netflix okay that I'm
going by myself
mother you sure you don't want to come
lovely family time over here look what
Bosley does Bosley
Bosley will massage your massage okay
it's gonna look like lucky dog there you
go okay closer closer closer
come here no how do you want no that's
too close put it over the rhythm yeah
okay we're gonna wrap up the video now
it's been mama rug Bosley
and we'll have Brandon take over and see
what he think of our word was
I like the vlog no yeah I did guys my
mom was saying don't post it because I
look bad mom you look good and it came
out good yeah I edited out something my
upload speak is alive thanks to my mom
and dad thinks I'm to Brian I just want
to tell you guys the fire go to before
okay you want me leave the house I'm mad
before I go end this vlog guys look I'm
literally screaming hold on and Bosley
is he's dead this is not sleep this is
death I wish I'm just joking I actually
love Bosley so much you guys don't see
it on camera because I like to play
around but me and Bosley we go back hey
Bosley okay mom
I think Bosley hey hey Bosley pawsley
pawsley give me a sign hey wake up wait
mom I think actually miss knit Bosley oh
he's alive he's alive don't worry yeah
guys what I wanted to say is I'm
actually very active on every social
media Twitter I'll tweet like 10 to 15
times a day
snapchat I'll make a lot of snapshots
every day I just like to keep you guys
up I'm a daily vlogger think Bosley hey
you're actually awake I still think
you're fat but I still love you guys I'm
a daily vlogger I've accepted the fact
that I have no privacy in my life
so I pretty much put everything I do on
snapchat on Twitter and Instagram I post
a couple of times a week so on I'm very
very very active on social media and I
want to get you guys to keep in touch
with me not only through YouTube but
through Twitter through Instagram
through snapchat so I want you guys to
give me a follow all my links are in the
description below so on guys
I got school in a couple hours so on
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
watch out for my double upload in a few
hours
thank you guys what the hell was that
why did I just kiss the camera no that's
not my new outro robot squad I love you
guys guys I want to clear things up
again because people go crazy in my
comment section and I read all the
comments in my last video why my voice
sounds so bad cause I spoke up
in my last video of How well do you know
me where my mom and dad were answering
questions and I said who are my two best
friends and they answered Ollie and
Jordan I have three best friends Ollie
Jordan and Lauren's Flores but but Ollie
and Jordan are like a package I've
they've been like the point is that
question would have if I asked one of my
three best friends my mom and dad would
have been confused and nobody would go
through my answer if I said who is my
one best friend you would say either
Lawrence or Ollie or Jordan so it
wouldn't be right but when I said to my
mom and dad know that all the in Jordan
are like a package so my point was
pretty much just to make that question
it was the last question just to make it
a simple one to answer I didn't even
know people would pick that up but
Lawrence is your best friend Lawrence's
Bosley's boyfriend yeah he's your he's
my light-skinned brother mom Bosley I
know disgusting guys really quick let's
just take a moment and appreciate
Brandon Nights career game that he had
today eight points eight three four 18
shooting from the field
two for 11 from three oh and he played
40 minutes
he scored almost eight points in 40
minutes he almost played the whole game
and he shot three for 18 from the field
take that to the bank Brandon Knight you
suck
yes okay y'all need to get done done
done done that or come over
we just need to slow
