got this what is going on you guys bro
waters here aka bring him guys yesterday
the sun's literally almost fucking beat
the Warriors at home I mean not in
Phoenix in Golden State they almost be
Golden State
oh shit my dad showering dad here yeah
um mom don't go in there he's showering
oh yeah I'll go ahead Bosley hey fat-ass
mom Bosley are to look fatter in these
glasses oh yeah guys yeah yesterday the
sun's actually almost be gold and safe
they were up by 10 early in the fourth
quarter literally two minutes later tie
game and after that you already know the
story but bran and night I still do hate
him don't get me wrong but he crossed
the fuck out of klay Thompson
klay Thompson almost fell to the floor
Brandon Knight pulled a Brandon Knight
I mean klay Thompson pulled a Brandon
Knight against Brandon Knight like you
don't even know God look how big my nose
looks in these glasses but um yeah so
today's Sunday bother you want to go on
the couch it's good let me put you up on
the couch I try so hard to make him get
up by himself but he's just too fat on
the couch go come on mother do it by
yourself huh go go buddy
did you go up I'll never put you on the
scale again I'll never wait you go go oh
my gosh you're good mother you want okay
I'll put the tree up here
go on couch oh my god
but yeah I'm debating right now I'm
gonna go to the gym I don't know what I
want to work out everything is kind of
sore I'm debating if I should work out
hold on this isn't a dream pinch
yourself you're not dreaming if I should
work out legs I tend to skip leg day a
lot but I do work out my like from time
to time I skip it because I play a bunch
of basketball you can't play when your
legs are really sore so in essence I do
work out my legs work out by playing
basketball but I don't do real you know
like workouts leg day I do sometimes but
I tend to skip it a lot so I'm debate
debating if I should go work out my legs
or work out my chest and triceps I don't
work on my chest in like four days so uh
I don't know we got big decisions to be
made today what a family boy Laurens
here what's up guys Sherman nation the
greatest nation in the world I love you
guys what's going on guys fazer here and
today I'm reacting to one of my
brother's videos not sure which one guys
I really Sunday's are I don't know about
you guys but to me Sunday's are just so
boring like I just don't like I've
literally been walking around my whole
house doing nothing I have no idea what
to do aside from the gym there's just
nothing to do on Sunday guys look a
shocking pen puzzle here I want your
autograph you're one of the most famous
pugs on on the Internet come on here
press it press it I'm just joking guys I
actually wouldn't do that as much as I
hate pausing he doesn't hate me
I still have something that belongs
right here or right here wherever the
fuck your heart is so I wouldn't do that
to Bosley don't worry sorry ah just
joking my dad took a shirt from Brian's
closet that let me see how small it's a
little tie or my dad's just getting
stronger my dad's getting yoked he's
been working out with me mom yo Bosley
actually has such a bad hate from me
what did i do Bosley why do you keep
staying at me call her name
mom I call him fat that's out of man
up his thumb one down cuz he's fat so he
can't carry the weight over here Wow
where are the white shorts if you
actually wash them guys I picked these
shorts up yesterday from the mall yeah
they're actually nice Bosley mom he
literally has a orgasm when you massage
him you need to not know I'm serious
it's weird you want to go to Petco
second is gonna come and give him a
shower yes if any is Bosley side ho live
on the car and go to the park guys every
time my brother tries to roast me I just
hit him with one come back I still have
a bigger boo-boo LaVon you got this
window open cuz I got an email my
college professor about some bullshit so
I got a finder email um I just got back
from the gym I hopped in the shower eyes
got out the shower on fuck guys do you
guys ever put the odor and it literally
stings the fuck out of your armpits
I can't even I'm asked to walk like a
chicken because I fucking yeah that
should hurt now and I shaved
so mother put some aftershave
I hear the shit smells so good I think
this is all the reason Jackie dates meat
honestly I know god Brian just at our
house again I thought I'm gonna go
downstair and after I put the aftershave
to show you guys what he means let me
see I need this much pip tell and
bullshit okay well guys this isn't the
only reason Jack is dating me obviously
is for my money but that's fine
oh shit tomatoes every time I got a
haircut which I have an appointment
tomorrow I get a skin taper so I do it
up here but now I haven't gotten a
haircut in six days so I just apply here
oh and also I apply it in another place
that I've just shaved but we can't show
YouTube because I'll get flagged so I'm
gonna just do that myself off the vlog
Bosley what are you doing he was
literally making out with a fucking
Hedgehog or porcupine whatever that is
okay guys
my brother said our house is going to
explode and this is why do you hear that
shit look Brian did you press anything
oh shit tomatoes Oh Rotten Tomatoes so I
guess what I did today so far I recorded
that shocking pin video of my mom and
dad which is actually funny too lies it
on my channel if you guys want to check
it out
went to the gym got a quick workout and
no basketball shot around for a little
bit that's it um showered and now
Jackie's gonna get off working like a
half hour so I'm probably gonna see her
not probably I am gonna see her and I
don't know about I told you Sunday's are
like that I'm super hot though for my
haircut tomorrow
oh I can't forget to text my biology
teacher about some bullshit we'll see I
still can't believe the sun's almost
ended Golden State Street yesterday I
know I usually say I want the sun's to
lose but yesterday it was hard not to
root for the my Axl one of them to win
really bad and I got my reaction on
camera I was watching the game and I
recorded my reaction but those don't go
on this channel anymore don't go on my
bro wadis NBA channel so if you again if
you want to subscribe to that link is in
the description below I'm not sure when
that video is going to be up because I
try to do more than just one reaction at
once and I did get that reaction on
camera
thank you ma'am oh wait I haven't said
it look these on Thank You Man for
making my nose this big and the glasses
but that's right I said my mom my mom
I'm never gonna stop saying that
everyone comment why do you say my mom
it's mom
or what Bryan my mom is here I think my
mom came through some KFC mom did you
get KFC white shorts what mom it's okay
guys I literally don't wear anything
aside from basketball show it's like UK
no yours is still worse you can honestly
throw away my jeans and cargoes and my
wife here my mom is here in my wife your
wife yes yeah guys I swear I stay
wearing basketball shorts whether it's
school James sleep walk around the house
guys you know what's coming up sometime
this week peel box opening video we
already have the knife ready we my mom
hates it because all the trash and
Matt's mom I clean it up good let's just
be legit let's not let's not elaborate
on that guys look I have the knife ready
since I can't open boxes for shit but
yeah that's coming up sometime this week
dad look what I got oh shit potatoes no
watch it
mm-hmm any last word for me because I'm
bothered died from a heart attack hurry
go love you Brandon was nice having you
for 20 years
video phone yeah at least I'm dying on a
50 day hey my mom just said that I don't
do shit around the house but the only
reason I'm still here is cuz I'm always
in a good mood and I'm always happy yeah
she said if it wasn't for Itachi when I
kicked me out of the house oddly what
are you standing at the feet for you're
not getting any chicken you have uh uh
you have dog food because you're a dog
you're a mutt ugly we're gonna wait when
he goes upstairs no no no the lowland
ball one upstairs he wouldn't just cut
he says things
oh my god Jeff Jeff from Chicago my dad
said thanks for the PIO box that you
sent in oh my god guys holy shit
hold up let me turn my flash on so you
guys can see better holy shit I
literally look like Bosley when I
fucking wake up okay look at the time
950 it's almost 10 a.m. I fucking took a
nap Bosley which is me right now cuz I
look so fuckin ugly I just took a nap do
you know the last time oh my god you
know the last time I took a nap you guys
watch my vlogs please someone tell me
the last time I took a nap I haven't
taken a nap in Gears I was just never
the type of person who loved naps
listen naps are the type of thing you
either love them or you hate them
there's no middle and I just hated naps
it's been years since I've taken a nap
fell asleep around 7 o'clock like
randomly not purposely and I just
fucking woke up and now I'm so hyper and
energetic I don't even know when I'm oh
shit cookies you see that
mmm cookie hmm
so yeah I'm like I don't know how fuckin
fell asleep I think without a headache
and I lay down I don't even know where
the fuck this vlog was honestly I don't
know what I'm picking it up from I guess
we'll find out when I edit um this is
weird I literally never take naps I'll
just never a big woo
guys I should be a host for the haunted
houses please don't touch the props the
actress oh you want to know the biggest
lie on this fucking earth let me tell
you the biggest lie don't don't touch
the actors and actors will not touch you
so how come I step one foot in the
fucking haunted house and someone grabs
my shoulder I take another fun someone
bumps into me and it's not the people
around me it's the fucking actors so you
say don't eat actors the actors won't
touch you don't judge the props and you
just touch my fucking dick because
you're a liar
anyways I don't even know what I'm gonna
do I'm fucking I feel weird I feel so
hyper
I just never take naps I'm gonna take
this light off my face and let's pick
this vlog up you guys oh my god I feel
like a vampire seeing the light and it
burns dad there's my first nap in years
Bosley literally he only naps all day
pawsley dad it's not fair i napped once
every three years he matches he sleeps
all day
hey buzz Lee I love you I said I love
you come on let's go buy my mom come I
wake up and I go straight to vlogging
what a dedicated youtuber
I was dying I swear I had a headache
Bosley come here okay drink your water
cuz you're thirsty for my girlfriend
just like Brian
Bosley showing off his special skill
right there his tongue that's a special
talent father how do you not have a
girlfriend
literally I'm convinced Fozzie does this
on purpose
he said he showed you so much love in
front of me just to make me jealous
Bosley I'm not the jealous type
okay guys home about to go eat with
Jackie to end my night do-do-do-do-do
dare me to should I wear this guys look
I have plenty of jackets and hoodies
okay first of all this is not mine this
is fucking mrs. Klaus my mom I have look
one two three four five six literally
more downstairs more in the back but the
blue one is just literally so comfy you
know what I'm fucking weighing it I'm
wearing it again see I won't I'm wearing
this bullshit I'm gonna run into a door
so dark oh my god the ghost I'm just
joking guys one time I swear the girl's
gonna fucking fucking pop up on the
Columbus should I talk but I wanted to
tell you guys you won't believe what I
was getting heat for you won't believe
what I was actually getting hated on for
on Twitter people well specifically this
one person and I guess there were some
other people agreeing with her I was
actually getting meat for being obsessed
with my girlfriend like it was a bad
thing Oh
jackass I forgot that you're not
supposed to be obsessed with your
girlfriend I forgot there supposed to be
a limit on how much you like your
girlfriend I forgot that the girl you
love and the girl who spend the most
time of your life with a girl who once
you ask her out pretty much becomes a
part of your own life you're not
supposed to be obsessed with you mother
fuck I don't even
thank you
I know I am
guys let me tell you what a crazy work
ethic my girlfriend has so that so she
has two jobs already on top of going to
school full-time she has two jobs and
today she works one of the jobs from
10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. so that's a
seven hour shift and then she stopped by
my house and saw me for like 30 minutes
and then she went started her other shit
from 6:00 to 10:00 p.m. so essentially
she was at work from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
like 12 hours straight and like it's
like walking around so you wonder why
she has such a nicer shape but I think
now I'm just joking but I actually
respect her work ethic so much that's
we're about to go out to eat right now
left turn there's a cop right there sup
copper I'm vlogging black lives matter
guys look she really doesn't see me
babe babe hey babe oh my gosh
he's got she's fucking blasting music
inside her car okay there's no way
there's no way unless you're legally
blind that you can't see me she always
tells me she's blind I don't believe her
there's no way you actually didn't
didn't see me no way scared no I really
couldn't
there's no way sorry I'm blind I don't
know I told him I told him she didn't
use access okay I am lying no but I did
I even hear your color actually I
usually hear your body whap so that's
how I know you're here I think I'm
blossom you think your parents are
probably sleeping my day I know
I'm driving my girlfriend off right now
I'm so tired you guys honestly if you
work in a restaurant I just want to tell
you that you're a beautiful human being
- it is so fucking so what are you
trying to he's always trying to throw
shade at me okay I'm gonna throw your
fucking shake away I swear to god you're
not getting it okay anyway guys okay and
I'm driving past your house come on oh
my god you really don't ya how far you
don't you not you can walk from my house
because that's what I'm gone or you
could stay the night as you know
yesterday I found out Jackie snores do
now I'll take you back to us oh my god I
see Doris yes you did I know you won't
cry cuz you hit me no no no I mean she
snored and I woke her up I said I'd to
establish the fact that he hit me for
two weeks 900 Swannanoa maybe I should
hit me you were sleeping and I said babe
you said hmm
I said you snore and you and then you're
not yesterday those no no no no oh my
god guys just get out get on my fucking
car okay but I tried jacking my car
until she admits that I didn't hit her
let me explain what happened I was
giving her a massage and I was giving
you a fucking massage on your back then
Lodge what do you do oh my god she was
in my bed I was getting a massage and
you know how you pass someone on the
back I patted her a little hard what
what not fucking person gets a massage
when you pat someone in the back oh no I
started the massage like a penci and
then I guess I patted her a little too
hard I think it was because I worked out
or something so I felt strong and she
said it literally made such a low even
he even got up and was like oh because I
sounded worse than it then it was
I know that things that sound like yeah
but feel just like a little thing where
does that happen
oh my god like when I stop here but yes
listen guys I didn't hit her I've never
hit a woman she no I patted you on the
back and accidentally hurt that's it I
did not hate you what did it was all
guys I think she talks shit about the
Sun so I had to I'm just joking
babe I didn't know you hit me i massaged
your fucking he I'm ass on your back
listen to me I massage your back and
then before the massage just started I
wanted to pat your back like good job
you just came back from great so he has
to have me so hard no on the Mac like
himself under on the thing of the bed
said I caught back the pat so hard that
I hit my hand on the foot she did he was
it out and then boom all I said was I'll
because I share it's okay now she has
something to say you never hit me don't
say it like I'm fucking it hold it like
I'm squeezing your hand safe you don't
say imma kill you I know how do i
gunpoint you just can't see but he does
see ya no Dave no he's ever hit ya oh my
oh my god I didn't hit it not you
I'm just joking cuz I don't know she
hasn't broken either oh yeah guys I'm
gonna put some pictures and video and at
the end of this vlog go to name and show
your friends robot is out Jay figs yeah
Jay figs out Mahmoud guys I'm picking up
this video look it's 11:25 it's been
like an hour and a half and we're still
in the car babe I said when are you
going home never I got so I'm officially
concluding this log right here 12:40
a.m. it's almost 1:00 in the morning I'm
bout to start editing this vlog so
there's no ton huh how much I'm gonna be
awake so there's no telling how late I'm
gonna be awake tonight I'm gay
to like three or four in the morning but
I have a haircut appointment tomorrow
and I just want to tell you guys thank
you for bearing with me because the past
three or four days I haven't uploaded a
vlog I just I don't know if you watch
one of my recent videos but I mentioned
how I was bothered by something and when
I'm bothered by something I don't like
talking about it so it stays inside me
and I think that makes it worse it takes
it longer to get over than if I were to
talk about it with someone but I'm over
it now so back to my daily vlogs and
while I was in that like shitty mood
rather than taking a few days off
YouTube
I still uploaded content for you guys I
did a bloopers video I did a challenge
with my mom and dad and I did some other
video that I can't oh and I did a Q&A so
I still got good content for you guys
and I think my upload streak is up to 50
or 51 days which to me is amazing like I
do this for you guys for watching oh I
love you guys all it's time to edit this
vlog
