I got this okay guys so on the Left we
have Papa waters and Mama waters is Papa
raga and Mama rogue on Bryan's channel
but this is my channel and today I'm
gonna be bringing you guys a video here
let me get in on the intro today I'm
gonna be bringing you guys a video
that's gonna show how well my parents
know me I'm gonna be asking them
questions about myself
Brandon mom what's my last name okay
questions like that but a little harder
what we have here is an app on my dad's
phone did so this is going to be placing
there's gonna be double you have a case
there's going to be placed in front of
them I'm going to ask a question and for
example whoever presses it first or wait
okay so you get the point so um but wait
there's a catch for every question that
whoever gets wrong so you can't just
press and guess because if you get it
wrong here we have a shocking pen that
somebody sent to my brother in the fan
mail so thank you to whoever sent it
because this is gonna get put to use
whoever answered the question wrong I'm
not pressing it Bosley Bosley
mom can I get him while he's eating good
I'm just joking guys I get I never do it
but um so yeah let's start the game huh
okay guys so we have the buzzer is it
fair where it is in place for both of
you guys yeah okay yeah no not yet okay
I need one hand under your bullsááá
hey I'm serious
why that hand okay whichever one you
feel comfortable pressing win okay first
question I'm gonna need my dad in his
head ease off family - okay first
question I'm gonna need hold on and
don't press until I say go I'm gonna
need
the exact month date and year that I was
born go
that's my dad exact they came ja no no I
want to answer that I'm the one I
brought you to this world not hey hold
on we can't guys this is why I hate
Apple I didn't buy the app I got the
free version so my dad only has 5 secs
answer but we're not going to put a time
limit unless you get to test it then
we'll take it yeah the answer john xxiii
what's the year 1995 yes ok so my daddy
ate one point and press a big tub mama
oh I know
look I want you to sign it okay quick
okay so my dad with one point mom zero
next question who hand under the booth
huh are you supposed to say go we were
getting pressed yeah you can rise
anytime who what is my most hated player
on the Phoenix Suns mom careful what you
wish for
yeah I know Leila let's unpack the twin
brother nope dad a chance to give it a
shot and the point I'm on a fire on the
Suns most hate play on those up mm-hmm
dad I literally talked you about this 20
minutes ago in the office brother night
mom pan Ron oh why are you giving my hen
you're right no point for anybody thank
you my most hated player currently on
the Sun just Brandon Knight Oh
what add and add because it's a free ad
next hand under next question hmm
Brandon awardees hold on virgin or not
virgin Lim percent not very dip wrong
dad and enjoy Oh allow me but do you
have but how do you have proof what if I
say I am oh yeah you want me to go get
those condos or you ever get those stuff
from under your bed or those toys I have
toys no it's you we have life insurance
hey guys crazy one I hated it I sort -
gasps okay one two one next question
we're moving fast now which year of
college at my end dad Oh sir yep mom
thanks for getting the hint I saw my mom
let's go shine now my third year in
college yeah can I bring something hot
or sell no you can drink a drink to cure
the pain after this but love me I got
nothing on the world
don't throw I okay okay - two - one -
okay two - one at the elbow to make you
I'm not doing this
I didn't I'm not losing okay we know
you're gonna do better than Family Feud
because you came and I'm again not
faster plus my dad is complaining about
my mom not pressing it too fast okay um
mom they just go stupid like yeah
that how many months have me and Jackie
been dating though you guys started
dating like officially dating December
5th thanks for the video yesterday so
it's three months okay
yes literally months yeah and you would
not know that what would you say
tune in to tune into God we're actually
going to be playing up to for up to four
hour running low I'm running long
questions and they're running low on
nerves and their fingers so we're gonna
have to make this quicker um next
question
cool is the better son me or Brian you
answer that equals dad hey what
thank you know handed to her yeah hey no
no it's that nothing is worth it to me
it is but to me I'm the host
oh I know than you watch every uh no no
she's like she's right I know I know
she's right on the dull she's sorry
don't you can't say something yeah oh
I'm not oh my god okay so I Bosley is
actually so scared honestly
yeah mama true okay there's one more
okay guys
three two - oh this one might be a hard
one they might both get it wrong so it
might be no point but what's the most
amount of hours I spent at the gym in
one day mom sick wrong dad you have a
chance to imagine but nope the correct
answer is eight hours so we both put our
hands death uh yeah you guys can do that
okay
I was thinking guys just both going at a
point but you guys can both shock go
high for the either part
okay have you pressed my mumbles of the
pen put the whole bit okay together
together let's do it together
did you break the chair yeah I'm retired
the chair crack like four times
another add so this stuff people feel
when they watch my videos on well I know
what ya don't need don't press play my
dad was gonna press play on the happen
three to two so if my dad gets this
wrong then he's done um I'm sorry I
don't have three wrong Oh ready to fall
for my mom's last answer no name the
names of nothing about stuff my two best
friends yeah give it a fell I know
oh you know let's see Holly and Jordan
yep Bosley how scared are you dad put
the pin on Bosley no okay guys I hope
you guys enjoyed this video
dad how close were the sons to beating
the Warriors yesterday not what do you
mean not even we had double-digit lead
in the hall wrong wrong okay guys yeah I
hope you enjoyed this video and I hope
you guys enjoy the rest of your Sunday
tomorrow I'm back to uploading a daily
vlog I'm already recording a vlog right
now so tomorrow
what am i uploading tomorrow hmm
no do it alright I'm uploading a full
day walk tomorrow so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
ok you guys so I just found out after
like while I'm editing I realized that
after my mom answered Ollie in Jordan
that my memory card ran out of space so
we missed my dad getting shocked for the
last time mom it's up to you listen hold
on hold on
it's up to you are we going to let the
viewers trust that my dad got his fourth
shock or are you gonna make him do it
again for the camera we have to let them
see it right keep in mind my mom got an
answer wrong and my dad took the blame
for her and did the shock but I mean my
mom this is just who she doesn't have a
heart maybe if you were wearing the
white shorts you would have a heart but
yeah you seem like shit where's the pen
oh now it kind of deleted the outro and
this parcel where's the pen Oh Brian did
you take the pen drop her down bitch go
I said no you say one two three oh one
two three okay guys that's the end of
this video I hope you guys enjoyed we
had a much better outro but that got
deleted because of my memory card space
and my brother's vlogging my footage
shut up your ass but just like I still
do guys every time my brother tries to
roast me I just hit him with one
comeback I still have a bigger babua
than you
