what is going on you guys robot is here
aka Brandon yes of course I'm wearing my
fucking blue shirt again
or should I say damn Brandon back out
again with a blue shirt but today I'm
gonna bring be blue today I'm going to
be bringing you guys a Q&A honestly I
can't remember the last time I did a Q&A
I did one with my girlfriend without
kind of a joking one I don't remember
the last time I actually answered you
guys questions I just want you guys to
know that all these questions came from
you guys specifically taken from Twitter
I tweeted earlier today bruh wadis Q&A
ask your questions go go go and I pulled
all the questions from the replies from
you guys off Twitter so let's get this
thing started
oh wait actually take that back button
let's now get this thing started because
I just wanted to say that my prank today
it actually smashed a million views last
night but I saw it today right now it's
out 1 million 25,000 views which is fuck
it's been up for five days it hit a
million after four days that's that's
insane that's crazy over a million views
in four days um I got my brother good I
don't care but now it's time to start
this Q&A actually before I start this
too and I kinda want to go take a shower
so uh bruh wadis battle go hop in the
shower and start the Q&A right after he
takes his shower just as I was about to
hop into the shower I looked at one of
the questions and I decided it would be
best to shower after the Q&A and not
before and you're gonna find out why
because I'm gonna leave this question
for at last so you're gonna find out why
later first question is why does Bosley
hate you
guys if I had an answer to this question
I would die happy
I mean Bosley was my 18th birthday gift
I wanted a pug
I named him I picked him out he's my dog
you wouldn't expect it because of how we
act but this motherfucker is my dog this
fat piece of shit is my dog he hates me
he hates me for for whatever apparent
reason that is Bosley hates the living
shit out of me if I had to guess why
it's because my mom and dad spoil him
with food he'll like he'll be at the
table and they'll give him food blah
blah blah and if he comes with me I say
no because I don't want Bosley to die
early he's already a fat lard so what is
me giving him human food gonna do it's
gonna make him die earlier he's gonna
become obese he's gonna die and I wanted
to be alive for longer so I just don't
know why Bosley hates me but if you
watch my videos you see it Bosley hates
the living crap out of me and Buck you
Bosley's you're watching this honestly I
know you watch my videos with my dad
okay how did you choose the name Bosley
like I said I chose the name I know pugs
had a reputation for shedding a lot and
trust me they shed a lot they're like
jacking my girlfriend but so like I
thought about it Bosley if you didn't
know as a hair product man when they go
bald and they start losing here they use
a product called Bosley and it regrows
your hair so I just thought it would be
funny because Bosley would need Bosley
but uh next question have you ever
worked a real job like have you ever
made money aside from YouTube guys this
is something that nobody knows about me
cuz I don't think I mentioned it in a
video before I did YouTube I was working
two jobs at one time and going to school
full time so you know people think like
oh he's spoiled he gets everything done
by his parents he doesn't even know how
to work he doesn't he hasn't had to live
real life or he has not experienced the
real world shit no guys while my brother
was doing YouTube and I had no idea what
guys people ask me what was your
reaction when your brother joined face I
didn't even know what the hell face was
I didn't know how big YouTube was I was
like I was a lost man but anyways let me
keep going I was working at a grocery
store and at the same time working at a
subway as a fucking sandwich artist and
I was taking four classes in school so
but after a while that was too much I
had no more time in my life so I quit
Subway and I ended up working at the
grocery store for over a year while
going to school full-time
so have I ever worked a real job and had
to make money like by working going
going to a store on Chuck clocking in
and talking to customers and everything
yes
I worked for like from age 17 I got a
job until almost 20 years old so I
worked for three years and also I used
to help my dad out at the store a law
but now like the drive is really bad and
it's really far up in the mountain so
they don't they don't me going up there
okay this question might surprise a lot
of people it might surprise a lot of
people how long have you and Jackie
Benedict been dating so we get this
question every time we go out you know
we'll be with each other and people will
come up with a oh how long have you and
Jackie how long have you guys been
together two years three years you want
to know the funny thing December 5th
2015 is when I made up my girlfriend
we're in the beginning of March it's
been three months that's it
three months of us dating but but I'm
not gonna deny this four months before
that we were in that talking stage you
know we were we were a thing but we
weren't officially dating she wasn't my
girlfriend until three months ago I mean
we were technically boyfriend/girlfriend
but without the label but you know what
I mean so yeah it's only been three
months December 5th remember that date
those are dollars a day that I made it
my girlfriend so and people you should
see the look on people's faces because
we act really like like fucking we're
really close with each other me and
Jackie what really comes to about about
each other you guys can tell we say
whatever we want and all that so people
always assume that we've been dating for
years like we get the most we get it so
how long have you been dating two years
that's like the general thing um what is
your pet peeve guys I can't stand this I
cannot fucking stand this I can't do it
when people are hanging out with me or
hanging out a group and they're like
this on their phone listen do you see
this put it down put it down look do you
see this walk it and put it on the side
while you hang out with your friends if
you get a call or you get an important
text take it if you feel the need to
tweet something tweet it if you want to
make a snapchat story make it but I
cannot fucking stand when people are
with each other and on their phone and
the worst is this let's say I'm trying
to talk let's say for example Brian he
doesn't do this but I'm just using him
as an example I'm just joking but I'll
be this is the worst Brian
Brian what that's the foot I can't I
cannot stand it that's my biggest pet
peeve
aside from slow drivers you guys know
how much I fucking hate slow drivers I
cannot stand people who drive slow I
can't do it
I literally tailgate them so bad if they
were to break fast I would hit the back
of their car really hard but I can't and
then I look at them and there's some
like old person and I feel bad I look at
them through the window instead of doing
this I do on my apologies but yeah I
can't stand that Oh another pet peeve
Alma those are my biggest ones slow
drivers and also when people are
constantly on their phones when they're
around their friends I can't stand that
another pet peeve is I don't know if
there's a pet peeve but when people say
like oh you got all yourselves from rug
look at this do you know what's inside
of this head it's a brain do you know
what my brain does it like it's it works
I'm not stupid I know I got a shitload
of subs from rug I'm at 342 K if it
wasn't for rug I would not be a 342 K
but the people who think I got all my
selves from rug are actually like they
don't have the thing that's inside of my
head what I haven't well a lot of you
guys have a brain it's called a brain
that's what they don't have because my
brother look at his channel
there's not one video that formally says
my brother does YouTube you know he does
this and this go check him out no
I'm not in deny this when I'm in a video
with him my link is in the description
of course when he bought the video
sometimes I come up on the side so do
people find me from my brother yes did I
get big because of my brother yes does
it help that I have a brother with damn
near 2 million subscribers yes I'm not
an idiot
if you ask me I will never ever deny
that my brother helped me get to where
I'm at today
on if someone asked me why are you so
big it's because of my brother but the
fact that people think that's the only
reason no I put out content I upload
daily I'm funny now I don't need people
to tell god I'm funny
so yes then my brother helped me yes is
he the only reason on this big no that's
what I think in my head I don't care
what you guys think but that's what they
did in my head but you guys can think
whatever you want honestly
okay that's gonna be my label for the
rest of my life oh you only got big
because of your brother
so I've already accepted it and Devin
Booker Derrick let's go still follow me
on Twitter so I give this many folks
zero but oh this one oh my god this is
this I laugh answer the question are you
a crazy boyfriend or not let me just say
this
Jackie wishes I was just a crazy
boyfriend I'm a psycho insane mental
crazy is if we're being nice I'm a
psycho boyfriend I'll be like this I'll
be like this me and Jackie are walking
right and they'll be like we'll be
walking this way and they'll be a boy
walking this way this is my favorite
thing to do
I'll walk and I'll say babe wait I'll
walk and I'll go like this I'll turn
literally 2 million miles per hour my
neck breaks like I have to go to the
hospital every time after I do this
my neck breaks just so I can catch the
guy looking at Jackie's ass and say
don't like that's like we'll be at the
mall and I'll be like Columbia walk pass
and a fucking look and I catch every
fucking guy everyone I like I can't I
can't do normal I'm not normal I'm a
crazy boyfriend and that's just one
example and I've accepted that role I
don't care like I really don't care I'm
the crazy boyfriend and she's not off
the hook because she's fucking crazy too
but she doesn't touch my level of
craziness it's cute when she tries to be
crazy like me because no one on this
earth girls my female subscribers if you
think you have a crazy boyfriend just
thank him every day that he's not like
bruh wadis because I'm psycho I'm psycho
I'm psycho the other day I got mad at
Jackie for tweeting about Trey Songz
Trey Songz
I said don't tweet about him don't read
about Trey but anyways are you crazy
boyfriend yes okay
with him this has buttons for a reason
okay
are you done
you can fucking okay what's your dream
job after college I've answered this
before but I'll answer it again
everyone says dude you have a shitload
of subscribers why are you even in
college you know you can make youtube
your career let me tell you guys I
understand that I understand and I
understand some people make a ton of
money off youtube and you can easily
grow into your own house and carne pay
off a bunch of things just from YouTube
but let me tell you this I have a dream
my dream growing up and my dream to this
day of 20 years old was to somehow work
for the Phoenix Suns organization I I'll
guide to work for the Phoenix Sun
somehow someway I've always wanted to be
a reporter or a journalist for the
Phoenix Suns and my dream is still alive
whether I do YouTube for the rest of my
life and I get I literally become a
millionaire off YouTube I'll still have
that craving to work for the Phoenix Sun
and you can't work you can't have any
job in the NBA without a college degree
so that's why I'm going to school I
understand people with the amount of
subscribers that I have generally drop
out of college or don't really attend
college but I'm not giving up on my
dream uh regardless of how big I get off
YouTube with our rich rugs level what do
I pass or whether I come near it um I
want to work for the Sun someday I want
to be a part of the Phoenix Suns
organization
I understand it's great being a fan but
I want to work for them one day that
would be a dream come true so that's the
reason I'm in college and that's what
motivates me to do good in my classes
even though I'm doing so good in YouTube
speaking of the Sun somebody asked do
you plan on going to a game in Phoenix
next year and will you do a meet and
greet do I plan on going to a game in
Phoenix next year yes I plan on going to
at least one maybe two obviously I'll
meet fans if I go with Jackie I'll meet
them with her if I go with Laurence I'll
meet the fans with him but here's a
little trick I'm trying so hard to go to
the game April 1st Phoenix um first
Washington Wizards Markieff Morris
returns to Phoenix as a member of the
Wizards I'll let you guys know if I end
up going to that one but my schedules
looking kind of bad but I'm trying
there's a chance I go to Phoenix April
1st and um if I do I'll do a meet and
greet right there
ah oh okay so somebody asked me do you
plan on getting into the acting business
and you plan on doing like more acting
let me tell you this I had never planned
on being actor I had never planned on
you know accepting the role as I'm a
good actor but uh a lot of videos I've
done including pranks and the videos
I've done with my brother the skates a
lot of people compliment my acting
skills of how I always keep a straight
face or I can take on any role and just
play it perfectly as you saw in my how
to be phase drug video so did I use to
think that can be an actor no but now I
don't know if you guys are getting in my
head but I actually think I can act
pretty good but just the other day
someone tweeted to me saying I would
love to see you in a movie because you
can play a ton of roles really good so
do I am I gonna pursue being an actor no
but if I were to ever get an offer to
act and even the smallest short film out
I would take it because I feel like I'm
a good actor and that leads to the next
question do you feel like you're gonna
be doing a lot of pranks you guys
fucking love the prints and this ties
back to good acting I'm a good actor I
feel like I can pull off a lot of pranks
whether it's public pranks or pranks to
my family I really feel like I can keep
a straight face through any scenario so
um yeah
pranks will be coming your way don't
worry uh what is your workout plan this
guy kind of asked in a mean way he said
because you work out a ton but you seem
to only be making a little bit of gains
boy let me tell you that's because I
don't put working out at the top of my
priorities people who work out every day
and get really big and jacked
that's because they work out serious
they come home they fucking eat drink
protein let me tell you what I do I go
to the gym with the mentality of playing
basketball and then maybe I'll work out
for a little after so did I get bigger
and I am I'm more cut than what I was
yes but I don't work out to my full
potential I don't come home and be like
oh I need to eat this many calories and
meal prep my chicken and rice drink a
protein shake amino acids no I workout
on the side do I workout and do I take
it seriously yes because honestly guys
you might not know what I used to look
like rug like might like if you think
I'm skinny now you didn't even want to
know me like two years ago
so um do I workout
yes do I workout heavy yes but I don't
take it like I'm not going in there with
the myself or I want to be the next
biggest bodybuilder and I'm gonna do
competitions and I'm gonna be so ripped
no I don't do that guys I literally
workout on the side just so I can put on
a little bit of muscle I don't take it
that seriously so for the people who say
you work out every day by yourself
skinny I don't care I just want to
maintain some well the nice body I don't
need to be jacked and ripped I don't
care about that ah three wishes for you
bruh wadis god this question is hard
okay one of my wishes is by the age of
you know 23 24 within the next three or
four years I want to be financially set
off not just for myself but I actually
want to buy my dad and mom a new house I
just want to be financially set off
obviously that's a dream that's not
really a goal but these are wishes so I
wish to be financially set off I want to
help my family just like they help me
I'm 20 years old living in my under my
mom and dad's roof why would I not help
them if I get the chance so that's one
of my wishes my second wish this is
crazy but I wish to be alive for when
the Phoenix Suns win their first
championship yes you read that correctly
I the Phoenix Suns have never won a
championship and I'm jealous of teams
winning like the Warriors I'm jealous
when the Lakers were winning I'm jealous
when the Celtics were winning I'm
jealous when the Heat won their title
abroad I was jealous the the joy it
brings to the fans like and their cities
that go crazy like I want to witness
that I want to be a part of the Phoenix
on the winning a championship
I want to witness it during my lifetime
they've never won one so the first one
is going to be the craziest and like
yeah people are gonna call me crazy you
only have three wishes in your life and
one of them has to do with the sun's you
can call me fucking crazy but my dream
has always been to witness and be a part
of a Phoenix Suns championship that in
my head would be insane it would be
unreal and I don't even know how I would
deal with it honestly oh and one more
pet peeve cuz I forgot to mention this I
forgot one more pet peeve is when people
talk shit about their friends or family
which in the first part why this is
blood like family or friends that are
really close to you why talk shit about
them but if you're gonna talk shit
here's where the pet peeve part comes in
don't talk shit to somebody and then go
to that person's face and oh hey what's
up dude yeah how are you no don't do
that shit
either you don't like someone or you
like them just don't be fake don't go
did I see I'm getting mad like a piss at
this don't be fake if you don't like
someone you don't like someone don't
talk shit about them and then go to
their face and act all lovey-dovey don't
do that um what's it called oh wait I
didn't even answer my third wish
obviously guys I don't know what my
third wish would be I guess my third
wish would just be to live a happy life
because I've been bothered by things
before and I've been stressed I'm never
gonna say I've been in depression
because I have it but I've been stressed
and bothered by some things and that's
the worst like your life is just so much
better when you wake up happy you see me
get out of bed so energetic and so happy
running on like two or three hours of
sleep because I know you put your mood
in your head like you can make yourself
in a bad mood you can make yourself in a
good mood and honestly if you're in a
good mood and you're happy your days are
so much better like it's just a fact I'm
not making this up guys so I guess my
third wish would be to just be happy
with everything that's going on in my
life which I am right now honestly guys
I'm loving the way life is going right
now and I would ask for anything
different I got a beautiful girlfriend a
great family a dog who hates my fucking
guts
I'm followed by my two idols on twit
like I'm doing good in school it's it
life is going good right now and I hope
it stays this way uh-oh
the last question what is your what do
you think subscriber count is gonna be
by the end of this year guys I tweeted
that my goal for 2016 was to reach
500,000 subscribers I tweeted that in a
New Year's resolution people who were
like dude you're crazy you're gonna pass
that easily so I changed it to seven
hundred thousand seven hundred on that
almost 3:15 in march that is crazy
that's insane so I don't want to like
put a number on it
but let's just say that my channel is
growing immensely like it's
it's like this is like it's so much for
me to take in because I go on my
subscriber count I see pop up up up up
and I'm just like guys calm down like I
don't deserve this
I'm a normal kid who goes to school I'm
a normal kid who goes to the gym who
just has a girlfriend and lives at his
house like I don't do anything special
the fact that you guys show me this much
love and look up to me this much for the
simple fact that I'm funny or that I'm
like positive is amazing like and I can
never thank you guys enough I'll never
understand it when fans come up to me
and freak out I just tell them I say hey
guys I'm a dork like I'm a normal human
like combat you guys are probably doing
more than what I do like so yeah that's
actually crazy to me um okay
oh this was somebody was dying asked me
this what's your general routine when
you meet a fan when you're out in public
my always what I do is first of all do
you think they get shy and nervous I
actually get shy or nervous because I'm
just like guys why are you freaking out
you're making me freak out calm down so
like I said I always tell them I say
guys calm down like I'm I'm a normal
person I'm not God I'm not Eric Bledsoe
who's the second closest thing to God
I'm not Devin Booker I'm just Brandon
like calm down and then I say you want a
picture we take a picture I follow them
on snapchat Instagram Twitter whatever
they want and then I talk a little with
them I asked them I always make jokes I
try to put them in an awkward spot like
just the other day I was like oh if
you're a true fan why is my phone crack
and he didn't answer and I like okay go
I'm not taking a picture with you and
and I always joke around with them and
like I always bring up my brother I'm
just like oh do you watch my brothers
videos too and duck yeah well too bad
he's not here so don't even ask me for a
picture because I know you only want him
like I just make jokes with them I try
to talk to them because I want to gain
my fans heads I want to see like what
they like for me to do so I can do it
for them I want to know like what my
fans are like I shouldn't even call them
fans these are my subscribers I want to
know what like I just want to get to
know you guys I want you guys to be my
friend I want you guys to like be a part
of my life so I always try to have a
little conversation with them and see
like how old they are what they do with
their life and that's pretty much it
last question if you're wondering why I
didn't take a shower earlier and I put
this
shower off till after the video is
because someone fucking asked me to
crack a raw egg on my head so I'm not a
pussy oh forgot to answer this question
it's funny because I said pussy and
that's what reminded me of it I'm a
fucking idiot but this question was
would you rather lose your abs or Jackie
loses her ass I'm gonna answer this in
the most PG way possible
actually there's no PG way to answer
this I'm gonna just say it straight I
can't say it this is YouTube my audience
is young no you know what I don't care
no I do care actually fuck it I'd rather
lose my ABS because I don't my ABS I
guys you get it you get it it's too
inappropriate to say I would rather lose
my ABS and have Jackie keep her nice
beautiful or nice beautiful shape you
know that thing that comes thing that
goes like this it curves out uh for a
reason that I don't need to answer now
this guy didn't ask this but I'll eat a
raw egg too
okay I set out either but honestly ya
know that she touched my tongue and I
was gonna do that so I'll just crack it
on my fucking head oh shit
tomatoes alright guys thank you the out
that actually fucking her I'm gonna get
the Tom and Jerry bump that looks like a
dick coming out of his head that goes
boom mmm but uh thank you guys so much
for watching I appreciate everything you
guys do for me blogspot I love you guys
all right I'm out guys I'm out
