guys I'm about to go to sleep I'm
relaunching the sons game and I get a
notification on my phone but I'm gonna
show to you on the computer cuz it's
clearer look at this shit
Devin Booker followed me on Twitter look
the real Devin Booker verified follows
you and look at his last like my tweet
guys I was trying so hard not to freak
out shout out to the homie Devin Booker
for the follow back much appreciated I'm
hyped rising star go guys
my two favorite phoenix suns players
follow me back on twitter this is
actually insane like I said when the
Phoenix on season started I was an
unknown like nobody fucking knew who I
was now Eric Bledsoe and Devin Booker
both follow me on Twitter thanks to you
guys they're liking my tweets they
definitely know who I am I'm trying so
hard not to freak out cuz it's like
11:00 p.m. my mom and dad are sleeping
best thanks to you guys I know you guys
blow up their Twitter and Instagram and
I don't care how annoyed they get you
guys did this and now they both follow
me guys this is insane like oh by the
way Devin Booker scored a career-high 35
points tonight 35 points you know he's
he leads all rookies and 30 point games
he has for 30 point games and and he
leads the whole NBA in 30 point games in
March he has three 30 point games so far
this month that's more than Steph Curry
LeBron James Kevin Durant Russell
Westbrook Damian Lillard it's more than
all of them and he's the only teenager
in NBA history besides LeBron James to
score 30 points on back-to-back nights
cuz he had 32 last night and 35 tonight
that's fuckin impressive and he just
followed me back oh my god I'm freaking
out guys no just the simple fact that
two phoenix suns players and i'm not
trying to sound cocky but i'm sure more
of them on the team actually know who
bro artis is just because of how much i
talk about them and everything is
actually insane like last year last
season these people did
Oh like they didn't know who the fuck I
was and now I'm actually known as like a
huge Sun Finch where two of them follow
me back on Twitter like I guess it pays
off being the biggest Suns fan in the
world watching all their games even
though they literally suck but fuck I
love this team like I can't believe my
to two people I look up to Devin Booker
and Eric Bledsoe two people whose names
come out of my mouth more than my own
parents more than my own girlfriend they
both follow me on on Twitter it's crazy
Brian did you get my text fucking Devin
Booker followed me back I swear to god
no devin booker follow me back and he
favored in my tweet that said yo thanks
for the follow back homie much
appreciated huh i'm bled to him Booker
both follow me those are literally oh
hopefully TJ Warren PJ Tucker doesn't
have a Twitter no Brian that's actually
crazy like they actually know who I am
like holy crap I was freaking out Bosley
wake up fucker do you know what just
happened
Bosley you're such a lazy fat ass and
you're not followed by definitely on
Twitter so be jealous brother go to
sleep go to hell actually you know I'm
just watching the son's game for fun and
fuckin like I don't even know what to do
like I don't know guys this is just
crazy this is insane - I love you PJ -
oh my god I love Devin Booker
I fucking love him it's crazy that him
and Bledsoe follow me but I'm like I
can't even go to sleep tonight oh my
gosh Devin Booker he's at with all the
facts that I gave you guys boo
fuck man tonight I hate bran at night
hopefully he never falls me on Twitter
which won't happen because he already
has me blocked
look you guys want to see it's actually
funny look watch Brandon Knight look ah
ha ha you are blog
from following goodnight you want to
know why I 22 one time one time I said
go to hell and he's fucking bluffing
I give Markieff props Markieff lasted
like three months of me tweeting to him
saying fuck you like all this before he
blocked me he has balls he helots it a
long time before he got me Brandon I
couldn't even take one tweet you
couldn't even take one tweet saying go
to hell so oh well Brandon I for three
and he makes it fucking love Inger
grandpa that's why at 10 p.m. I was like
asleep and I told Jackie she had to go
because I was about to fall asleep so
bah-bah-bah and it's literally 12:30 and
I'm still like wide awake and it's all
because Devin Booker fucking following
me and guys my friend just messaged me
and he was like bro you wanna know the
crazy part about Bledsoe following you
and Booker following you and Brandon i
blocking you he said like he put it this
way he said think about this they're on
the plane back from Denver to Phoenix
and they're probably talking about you
like they know who you are and it's just
like crazy because I love this team like
the Phoenix Suns are like you guys know
you've been watching my channel long
enough to know I'm I don't care if this
sounds like a low life thing to say but
Phoenix Suns are my life like I love the
Suns
when they win I'm happy when they lose
I'm mad obviously not in this season but
just like they can change my whole mood
they I pretty much based my whole
schedule after them like I love the
sun's and the fact that there may be
recognizing me is actually insane games
about the start for the third time I
watched the game the first time when it
was live then I watch it again and now
it's about to fucking start for the
third time oh there's Booker Booker okay
but um well I'm not really like fully
paying attention I'm reading YouTube
comments on my videos but is it gonna be
the third time at
the game is on TV oh shit guys sons and
Nuggets on I didn't know there was a
game at 1:00 in the morning
I wonder who's gonna win this game will
it be the sons will be the Nuggets not
that I've seen this game before oh shit
tomatoes the TV just fucking turned off
because it was on sleep holy shit I'm so
scared yeah I had the TV on sleep mode
and it just fucking turned off so now I
need to force myself to go to sleep
because I don't fuck with the dark so
didn't I brought squat it's time for me
to go to bed guys it's 10:00 a.m. I just
woke up I'm still fucking freaking out I
checked my phone to make sure it wasn't
a dream and we're okay guys it wasn't a
dream but it's time to strap up my
basketball shoes and go play some
lunchtime basketball at the gym
I can't wait you've got the double socks
first periods and nike elite socks then
you get the regular socks you got the
shoes you got
I don't usually plain these shorts but
my all my other shorts are in the washer
so I'm actually playing these the reason
I don't playing them is cuz they were so
expensive they're like 90 fucking
dollars so guys should I play like this
Oh cross-up Oh bring a knife for the
shop missus of course cuz bring a night
ha oddly don't lick your paw that's how
you got the infection last time don't do
it have a good day
as I'm actually throwing on the Jersey
today don't ask me why actually I know
why it's cuz Devin Booker follow me
something feelin it I need to show up
with the Jersey you know and I gotta
play good I got a play like Devin Booker
today so actually Jackie said she's
gonna stop by really quick just to say
hi so I'm waiting for her before I go
and then she has work so she's gonna go
to work while I'm I'm gonna go put in
work on the basketball court
while rug Hey oh my god
rug is actually playing call of duty the
world might be ending
I always tell my subs what our record
was today playing ball
11 and OH build us a baby 11 wins 0
losses song time burning some calories
we can open able to fag okay guys so I'm
about to pick up my friend Luigi and
drop him off at the bus stop he's 81
years old with no car or license so
we're gonna give him a ride to the bus
stop real quick Luigi you all me put in
the trunk I know okay so we're gonna go
to the bus stop yeah okay Oh Scott back
from the gym as you guys saw I gave my
friend Luigi a ride to the bus stop I've
known him for like a couple months
pawsley subdued yeah I know for a couple
months and he told me he was gonna walk
to the bus stop and I was just like no
my dude just hop in the car guys we got
I'm eating home food for once in my life
middle eastern home food kabob Gus mom
what's the sauce tahini tahini all right
guys so I do apologize I know this vlog
was actually boring but um I didn't
really have footage and I was planning
on doing the Q&A today but you guys know
when like you're not in the mood to do
something like I've just been out of it
if you follow me on Twitter I was
tweeting I was like I don't know I just
feel so out of it like sure like I've
lost I don't know so I apologize I did
want to get upload for you guys Devin
Booker did for me so I had something
huge to talk about and also I went to
the gym so I hope you guys enjoyed a
somewhat boring vlog and if you notice
that I was a little down in this vlog I
don't know I'm just I'm like really not
in the mood for like a reason I don't
really want to talk about but uh oh no
guys I hope you enjoyed I love you guys
all me and fat fuck actually have a
little rivalry going on Bodley give me a
kiss let's put an end to this bonds like
no oh my god would you just be my friend
come here
come here Bosley just be my friend come
here to end my life
get my lot for me give me a lap dance
Bosley oh my gosh
okay Bosley that's it come here give me
a kiss stop smelling me come here
oh okay hey father mom tell this badass
to get out of my house what tell this
guy about to get on fuzzy fuzzy sad ass
mom guys I literally the only reason we
have Bosley's because of me he was my
18th birthday gift and he doesn't even
Bosley oh my god I'm about a customer
but yeah guys hold on tomorrow I'm
thinking about doing that Q&A I wanted
to do it today but like I said I just
didn't I can do it today so I'm gonna do
it tomorrow all the questions that I'm
gonna take I'm gonna take them from
Twitter so don't comment the questions I
won't use the questions commented below
don't Instagram DM me don't snapchat me
I won't use those I'm gonna pull all the
comments I mean all the questions from
Twitter if you want to know my Twitter
it's in the description above I mean I'm
stupid it's in the description below
like I told you guys I'm just out of it
today and yesterday but it's in the
description below along with my
Instagram and snapchat but like I said
I'm gonna be pulling all the questions
off Twitter so if you have a question
and you want to maybe see it get
answered on the Q&A tomorrow but what is
Q&A tweet it to me don't comment do not
snapchat denied scram tweet it to me and
I'll lovely be my friend
so yeah guys uh Q&A tomorrow also I like
I said I apologize this vlog as I edit I
can tell it's kind of boring but I
wanted to get something up for you guys
it was something big happened in my life
Devin Booker followed me and and about I
know a lot of people are gonna comment
Oh brah
just tell us what's bothering you we
want to help Baba I'm more the type that
when something's bothering me I just
keep to myself
I'm not sure if that's good or bad but
that's the type of person I am I'd
rather just go play play basketball play
the steam off when I play bass well it
actually helps like I don't know just
gets my mind off things but anyways I
think me and Jackie are gonna go out
tonight I'm not sure other than that I
have nothing planned I love you guys all
hope you guys enjoyed this video
no stay right Thank You Booker and blood
so we appreciate her she said
appreciated appreciate it
good on top of me tell you guys that I
just feel out of it and like bothered
and stuff I have literally a huge
headache I don't know what it's from
I think it's cuz I haven't a and like I
went to play a bunch of basketball and
Mike no I just feel like no headache and
this feeling we don't appreciate before
this meal mom all I ate all day
yesterday was Lunchables that's it oh my
god that one that Turkey was the small
one I know I'm not saying anything I'm
just saying yesterday the whole day and
this morning I had a mini breakfast and
I went to the gym I feel like I feel
like I don't know I feel like shit but
not in a sick way like I just feel out
of it it's time to be friends it's time
to be friends big dog fuzzy are you
fucking kidding
