guys oh my god listen I have to go poop
right look at this there's no freaking
toilet paper Oh
let's check maybe I have some extra no
nothing only baby Connor what am I do
why baby powder you want me to wipe my
freaking glass cleaner I can't do that
this friggin doesn't work I don't know
if it's my ass rash so how about we go
over to Dennis it's place Jennie McNamee
man oh my god it's coming out why did I
run for tonight addict he has no idea
what's going on right now
there's no baby then you've got to flush
your Peas
there's no toilet paper then it's have
you been using paper towel once Dennis
you have there's a rash on your butt
100% there's a rash when you move out
alone mom when you watch this I freaking
miss how you used to stock up the toilet
paper in the bathroom because when you
live alone you get lazy and when you get
lazy you don't drive to the store to get
toilet paper you free can you go on
posts mates and freakin order one
Charmin ultra strong toilet paper 18
pack from Target oh I have to go poop so
hopefully it's coming soon estimated
delivery 8:10 it's freaking 7:30
I hope we're waiting till 8:00 any
better Here I am having to hold in my
poop for like an hour because I have to
wait for the post mates to come because
if I try to drive over to the store and
get in my car sit down the poop will
come out so I can't do that everything
Brian did that one thing that before so
you had a little temperature
oh yeah now guys that's the one thing I
missed from living at home the most
it used to be seeing my family seeing
Bosley seeing Brian but now I miss the
toilet paper I can't even walk straight
no Dennis like you know what I don't
understand
so normal people not like us because
we're not normal but normal people when
they're toilet paper starts getting low
on stock they go to the store and they
buy some they don't wait till it's fully
done okay for you you have the four
night excuse what's my excuse who
freakin waits until they're completely
done in two apartments not one thirty
four more minutes left
thank God
20 more minutes panting but sleep I
can't wait Dennis I don't care about the
chest oh my god
your post mate Tim will drop off your
item soon as any time I nice wee words
god no no no it's not
please tell the story of what happened
earlier and the thing I had a grant in
place but we were in my place so the guy
kept looking my spot when the food was
really coming for a Dennis's spawn an
old so sorry here on the open the door I
said I'm right here my man well did he
say anything when he gave you the food
hey you're opening the door no I have a
plan you're now it's nine minutes away
I'm gonna go poo for nine minutes by the
time I'm done the toilet paper will be
here and then I'm gonna freakin why by
the way
wait you're really not gonna open the
door for a team yeah okay so right now
Tim knocks on the door what happened
here he's not a murdering the post mates
driver okay so you want me to go poop
and walk out with poop coming out of my
bull so to open the door for him okay so
we got a picture I swear it's showing a
picture Dennis are you ready to see the
picture hold on ready three two
look he wants to kill you faster they
said it was gonna come at eight ten now
it changed to 8:03 p.m. he's stepping on
the gas to find you faster no wait I
don't know I wasn't here when you got
the food earlier what happy you kill me
you make it seem like it was Michael
Myers or something
No who is it
you're both victims arriving soon she's
gonna kill us Dennis tell them what
happy but the location is outside the
office like our front office
see you were here for my friend that's
not here contact - hey Tim um okay so
sorry I don't know why the address
automatically put outside the leasing
office but I'm actually and you actually
came here earlier to deliver food for my
friends it's that same exact room if you
remember how to get here it's the same
yeah it automatically does that and I
forgot to change it but um okay thank
you
as I said thank you thank bye or you're
welcome
second he was super nice until I said
you came here earlier for my friend What
did he say yeah no one said oh shit I
swear he said that bleh can't take back
my tip if you're gonna take back the
tape you don't do it point one for the
toilet paper we're gonna cut the whole
toilet paper is gonna be ripped in half
this help I see I don't know if he's
gonna say no and walk toilet paper and
he's wiping the ass with toilet paper
and giving it to us dirty and it's what
are you doing
stop stop it he looks like a teacher
imagine he's a teacher and all his
students watched my videos he's gonna go
to class no today they got out early
today school got out early but sleep
well remember we saw people walking
imagine all of his kids
hey mr. team we saw you in Juarez
he's gonna be like oh really what good
things did they say about me any watch
of the video my god if freakin was give
me the death stare if you don't want to
frickin deliver something don't sign up
for a post mate
I swear you tried to look inside and
freakin like see if you were there but
sliwa imagine tipping him a million
dollars freaking very emotional the
title and thumbnail you know you would
turn down the million dollars just to
yeah just leave alone he would say keep
your damn money
yeah we do anything we just have to go
Boop what did you just do line how much
thirty nine Dennis I'd rather poop my
pants and never why for the rest of my
life then spent $39 until a hundred
percent Tim put a freakin wrong price no
that's not right for $39 I should have
got five hundred toilet paper rolls we
couldn't drive we couldn't drive there
it's how far how far is the nearest
place literally one we're gonna drive
top to top it off my car's electric you
wouldn't even take any gas it wouldn't
even take any gas and we could have drug
this is toilet paper that's where I
better only have to do one wife every
time I every time I go poop here the
better last day here and every time I go
poop I swear I should only have to do
one wife and it's all gone
I swear better wipe my ass by itself I
shouldn't even have to move my hand
before you ask yourself I want Papa
John's so why would you ask for Papa
John's
I'm not gonna use that I told you for 40
bucks tim is coming up here and wiping
my ass for me we drove all the way here
and what happened right when we were
about to park
well we saw like it was busy soon left
okay we'll give one more chance we came
back even busier so guys it I don't know
what today is like national Korean
barbecue holiday or something but it's
packed we drove past and it was busy so
we left and then we're like you know
what maybe it wasn't that busy let's go
check we come back it's even busier so
food near me and is we live here we know
everything good girl let me tell you
something
hey dumbass hello there Dennis uh wow I
don't think you take that lightly si
don't is just like my friend I'll knock
it out
Kim you hear hey Siri hey Siri hey Siri
go ahead no you go ahead
I will talk to you to answer me but how
come you answer Dennis yeah don't
disrespect my friend dummy there's no
need for that oh there's no need for
that
you started it yeah and there was no
need for freaking Korean BBQ to be this
busy but it still this busy there's no
need for that I think she left I did I
wish she left
Casey are you there at your service so
you the users ignore everything we said
and come back as a new woman at your
service you're certainly entitled to
that opinion she's pissing me off take
her in here smartass stop turning her
office shit no she's already a ho but I
forgot to ask hey Siri just fucking -
hey Siri um so we came to Korean
barbecue and it was really busy like
really so is there any other good food
places around us that we can go to Siri
you don't understand I'm not speaking a
different language dumbass
yo Siri I'm hungry so you said I
understand she's fine no no no are you
guys dating or something watching nice
to you but to me she won't say shit
let's just say we got something going on
is that what you've been missing in your
room all day don't you know you haven't
been seen who's been in the room with me
it's Siri damn true life my best friend
is dating series young young dumb and
bold young dumb broke high school kid
you know Dennis I really enjoy that and
honestly that deserves that was really
really good but now you got to figure
out where we're gonna eat no no like I
don't think no no I used to say I don't
think we're normal but I need to change
that statement we're not normal yeah you
understand anything so you go one more
round we have to change it's still busy
guys we've been sitting in the parking
lot for 20 minutes trying to find new
food options and then we're like wait
it's been 20 minutes let's check if it's
still busy or not family of four oh no
no no I'm like why why you got happy
Korean barbecue today watch yeah yeah I
don't care I opened my window for a
reason
we're just driving around still driving
trying to figure out know at this point
Dennis you know what's that way if we
keep going straight what you know what
is there you know what's definitely keep
going straight think about it think
about it we haven't played basketball
today correct or false
hold on signal shut up we haven't played
basketball today true or false true ok
so what if I just go keep going straight
and you know what's there in about half
a mile mmm
think about it playing basketball would
satisfy your craving just as much it's
eating hours later driving for how long
do you know Siri shut up I don't have
West for Syria right now and I love West
explain what West means is wrong Oh kids
eat free and you think if I shaved my
beard right now look they have a hotel I
could rent out a hotel room really quick
shave my beard they wouldn't mistake me
as a kid and I could eat for free okay
why are you so hot because we came to
Denny
go and tell me it happened again yes how
did I don't get it I don't get what
happens it shocks my ears listen
evidences on the kid because I've been
drinking soda for soda soda my god
Chicago people say pop how do you think
honestly soda is very very bad for you
and I'm not a doctor but and now the
thing is happening with your ears I
swear that's never happened to me vote
it's not good
so does really bad for you guys do you
actually think it because you could get
addicted to caffeine do you actually
think you're addicted to it and that's
disorder I have a challenge for you
right now on the spot so you you agree
you have to like cut down on soda right
yeah we've been talking about this for a
while and it has always been promising
that he's gonna stop drinking soda and
the reason I want you to say it is
because if you're addicted to something
you're not gonna stop it
unless you know yourself you're addicted
to it yeah unless you know you got a
problem so and I know if you're addicted
to something or you really love it it's
hard to give it up it's like me quitting
basketball so I know it's not easy so
I'm not gonna stay here I go quit soda
stop drinking soda but I haven't offered
if you stop drinking soda for just one
month what's today
okay so April 25th you can drink soda
again if you just stop drinking for one
month you have $5,000 cash on me I swear
one month for one month if you stop
drinking soda because you keep talking
about you're done drinking soda you're
done drinking soda but it never happens
okay Dennis no like now you're just
being petty
Oh No starting tomorrow no I already
have it is mentally okay here no no
here's my offer
five thousand dollars on April 25th if
you're subbing in soda including this
one like starting right hey hey
so hurting right now hold on if you
start right now and this soda you don't
even drink it or if you drink that when
I start tomorrow
it's $1,000 only so you're risking a
four thousand dollar loss quit this is
really on offer
what's your counteroffer ten thousand
for today okay okay you can't I'm not
giving you ten thousand for not drinking
soda for a month if you're strong enough
to go one month without soda then you're
strong enough not to drink this one if
you're strong enough to quit for a month
then you're strong enough to push that
one away and just get rid of it Dennis
it's $5,000 if you say no then what the
hell's wrong fine then I get it once it
so right now you're agreeing I need you
to shake on it because you said this a
lot they don't know that so Dennis
that's always before and it hasn't
happened so right now I need a handshake
if you accept it it's up to you yeah
okay so there it is on camera March 25th
Dennis will start tomorrow so March 26
March 26 no more soda all I know is that
soda is really really bad for you and so
is like all those juices with a bunch of
sugar this I feel like there's gonna be
good I swear I feel like it's gonna be
good for you one month no soda
Dennis okay no no okay
you kick Dennis I know how you think so
right now in your head like you're gonna
go one month without drinking soda and
then once next month comes and I give
you $5,000 you're gonna spend it all on
soda I know how you think you can't do
that this is not just about the money
this 26 I've sold all mine no this is
not just about imagine when Brian does
the coke and mentos experiment you're
there to drink all the coke no listen
this experiment dennis is not only for
you to make money this experience is
also for you to cut down on soda okay
it's a deal I got you next month
just take one more sip okay God so we
left daddy's Dennis Dennis love daddy
daddy's Hey and Denny's just had his
last soda for one month or at least
that's what is going to happen
supposedly so Dennis tell us how do you
feel after having your last soda in what
could be one month what should be one
month I should be feeling sad right now
uh-huh but I'm feeling happy why is that
because you know I'm doing this for
myself all the kissing calm down you
broke your neck no but seriously I've
been one to stop drinking soda for so
long okay I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do
it but now I'm happy I'm actually gonna
do it and guys I know it hasn't been a
month yet it it hasn't even been one
hour yet but I want to say I'm proud of
Dennis for even taking on this you know
challenge because first of all like some
people don't understand you could
actually get addicted to caffeine you
could get addicted to soda so I'm I'm
really imagining right now what dennis
is doing he's like me quitting
basketball for a month so I'm proud of
Dennis he knows you know I'm not forcing
him to do this I'm not saying a
Dennett's do this for $5,000 no I'm
saying it for his help and I'm also
saying it because Dennis himself said he
wants to quit so it's like I'm helping a
friend out Dennis I'm like you can let
me help do this I have a large shipment
coming in of soda and shit once the
spring April 26 I think for this prank
and it's a prank no it's not a pranking
me I'm glad I could help be a part of a
change in somebody's life in here we'll
see how this goes but I have faith in
you Dennis I believe you're not gonna
touch soda for a month and even past
that I think you're gonna drink it but
not as much as you used to
imagine now like I said earlier this the
main thing when you get someone to try
to stop an addiction is for them to
realize that they have on themselves so
I'm glad dennis is on board and realize
this that's the biggest thing and Dennis
I got faith in you bro I'm proud of you
I think he's already starting to go
crazy with us Hoda Dennis stop
I can never ever find the right word
there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
