what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka of the waters and today i am
bringing you guys a brand new video with
my two best friends I'll leave
sup guys actually if you got sorry you
can every don't use me I have to say
something if you guys have me on
snapchat and you think I've already seen
only in case you don't give a little
clip
No
it's a microphone I know I thought you
were eating it that is dandy okay
anyways guys today's video that will
bringing you is something that we
honestly or at least me myself I don't
know what you guys think about this but
I would never ever think that I would be
making this video dense so you hate it
you big it and then you do it on Shannon
for later bro
I would never ever think especially
about this person I would never think
I'll be making a video like this but hey
I guess what they say about life is true
you know the more you move on in life
the more you learn about certain people
and it's just crazy so we're making a
video right now kinda explain to you
guys what we found out recently and for
the sake of certainty I ain't good
enough I don't want to make it obvious
one second
I kind of explain to you guys what we
found out recently and for the sake of
certain people and just not to be rude
we won't be using the name of the person
who did this but we're gonna be going
into flu detail about what this person
did so I know a lot of people are gonna
be looking at the title of this video
the thumbnail and be like yo this has to
be some type of escape or maybe some
type of prank but I'm sitting here right
now looking the camera in the lens
telling all of the gawad squad that this
is not a prank it is not a sketch this
is a real story that we just found out
recently and without further ado I'm
just gonna get straight into it
so as a lot of you guys know me and
Jackie decided to end our relationship
last month we've both been single you
know we both been kind of doing our own
thing but at the same time we stayed
close friends me and Jackie are so
really really close we still hang out
and still see each other she was
actually here the other day
we don't hate each other yeah I know
it's weird people broke up and they
don't hate each other
and so I was talking to Jackie the other
day and she sent me a screenshot of
something and I first saw my go cool
picture from Jackie what this screenshot
ended up being is I'll let their faces
just kinda explain me you know like it's
why that's what it is but she sent me
this Michonne I opened it and one of my
close friends texted Jackie I'm not
gonna get into you know what this mess
say or just know that he takes it Jackie
in a way that a friend should not be
texting his friend's ex-girlfriend or
texting his friends X at all so I'm
learning bro code mm-hmm big time so you
know Jackie still like I said we're
still friends she sent me a screenshot
and she goes yo this is weird like why
is your friend getting me up and I'm
just like like I'm asking the same
question why is my friend eating real
and so on first thing I do I go to my
boys and I'm just like not just then but
all my boys you guys know that I keep my
circle closed and I go to them and
they're just like they're in shock
they're like wait like we considered
this guy that takes it Jackie
a part of our closed circle and for
those who know me you guys know I don't
have like just a bunch of random friends
I don't have a bunch of random people oh
he's my friend he's my friend he's my
friend no I keep my circle closed it's
just a couple people and I'm really
really close to them and I trust them so
the fact that someone made I were close
to would go behind my back and text my
ex-girlfriend I don't know what he was
thinking is just it's just really really
fishy before everybody kills me in the
comment section like oh well she's
single she could do whatever she wants
oh why do you care about like who talks
to her listen it has nothing to do with
a guy texting her it's not that trust me
what I want in life is for Jackie to be
happy whether that's with me or with
another guy it does not matter I would
like for Jackie to be happy I do not
control who she talks to or who talks to
her that's not my point at all my point
is that my close friend went behind my
back and messaged a girl who had just
broken up with
it's just violating the bro code like
you just don't do that and before I get
into like you know how I reacted or what
I did I'm gonna let these two kind of
give their thoughts you know do you guys
think it was fishy do you think you know
it was right for him to do that I don't
know if you guys think it's right give
your opinion and Eileen I think it was
beyond fishy there's something you don't
do when it's your boys ex or if it's
your boys girl you never text them you
know I've known Jackie for two years now
ever since she's been dating Brandon and
the over time I ever texted Jackie
behind Brandon's back what's the plan
his surprise birthday party
was the only time like I have never even
thought of texting her let alone texting
her after he just broke up with her it's
not even me and it gets me so mad
thinking about the situation like I
can't believe someone so close to us
would have the dignity or like that to
do something like that like that's
disgusting I piss me off like I'm sorry
I'm Tring right but like it gets me mad
knowing that someone like that close to
us would be like a snake while all lean
means when he keeps saying how this
person was so close to us oh and let me
just be straight up cuz I want you guys
to pin this on some of my boys it was
not Ollie obviously was not Dennis it
was not Kemal it was not roll Mel it was
not Jordan and it was not Justin and
well Ollie means my house it was really
close we invited him to birthday parties
to Kemal went out to eat with him you
know I personally me myself I don't like
to mention this on camera but I paid for
plenty of his meals only went out I paid
for everything like a lot of times of
Noah I've done this without no
hesitation no feel better yeah but I got
to be quite out of our way to include
him in so many things
Dennis what do you think I hate talking
about it but to me to disgust me I don't
know it's not just disgusting to you
sneaking behind all of our backs so you
never know maybe if you guys were in a
girl that you're talking to her
something now you're always like okay
this guy no way I'm glad it except shows
his true character like it really shows
who he really is
and it's good like imagine we can be
friends can be friends we did I saw you
til later it's a good thing we found out
soon like I already kept my circle
closed but honestly my circle just got
even closer so I'm glad to figure that
out when I'm still young and so okay now
that we got kind of the story out there
and all of our thoughts so this person
actually I cross paths with him a lot of
times you know that's how we were so
close we always see each other and you
know first couple times we cross paths I
obviously knew and I don't think he knew
that Jackie I told me so he would just
whatever oh hey what's up bro like like
fake and uh you know me I'm not like a
troublemaker I'm not a problem starter
so I didn't like I wasn't
confrontational I wasn't you know what
the hell would look like but I wasn't
like that I just ignore it I didn't say
anything bad so you try to say what's up
I just want to say any bad just ignore
ignore
I don't I'm 22 years old like I like
where I'm at in life and I feel
like I'm blessed I'm grateful for
everything I have I don't need to start
problems or start drama I saw my place
it's not my time I don't need to do that
and so on after a while I guess he
caught on that I wasn't really feeling
the vibe from him anymore
so I got a text from him pretty much
like an apology text like I said I'm 22
you know I feel like I'm really blessed
I mean grateful to be where I'm at in
life so I don't want to start anything
like drama or anything so when he when I
saw the apology text in my heart I know
it's great here it is because some
people would never forgive someone like
this some people would go crazy and what
the hell would you do that
but me I'm like okay if he's gonna
apologize maybe I'll just be like yo
there was a mistake I'm close with him
he's been to my house he knows my mommy
knows my dad you know my family whatever
but I read the apology text and it's
like you know those people who apologize
but they try to follow it up with bla
bla bla and you're just like that's not
a real apology service so you pretty
much text me like you know my bad do a
shady it was fishy I shouldn't have done
it but I was bored oh my god I'm just
like so like you did the first part
right bro you apologize and like I
respected that and in my head I was like
alright you know what screw it bro
that's my boy he apologized that's cool
but then you try to justify what you did
with like cause you're a bored
like you were bored okay so let's just
say Ali has a girl and you know I'm
watching a sub-game on TV but it's a
blowout so I get bored of watching it so
that makes it okay all these girls or
sorry his ex whatever it is oh my god
I don't know so um after that I was just
like like okay that's all like okay
that's it I'm not gonna start a problem
I'm doing it that you said okay and so I
crossed paths still to this day and I'm
just like not like and once again I
don't like to repeat myself too too much
but I know a lot of people like broke
calm down and Jackie's single she do it
everyone it's not that of course you can
do whatever she wants I have no control
over her or life and honestly I can see
here and explain my point but if you
don't understand it by now like this
long into the video then there's no
point in it is what it is and I don't
respect that Jackie doesn't respect
Jackie
obviously felt something wrong with it
because the fact that she texted me
about it
saying yo why is your boy missing me
like a red flag yeah like that he's been
girl like I said I keep my circle closed
I love my boys and my boys always had my
back
so halia actually told me that I don't
know if you're gonna take yeah so you
know we said we'd cross paths with a
certain individual a lot but Brandon had
left the scene and I pulled two aside
and I said listen what you did was wrong
it was disgusting I talked to his face
what kind of decency has a human being
do you have that's such a snake move and
I'm telling him in his face of person
and he's looking at me and and he has no
excuse and he look at me and kind of
just have like nothing to say and just
like bro well what's the big deal she
was my friend
well obviously she was all of our
friends doesn't mean we're gonna go text
her behind Brandon's back that was his
girl bro
like you don't do that and I let him
know I can't believe you would do
something like that
a month is a little props to Brandon for
taking a big time prophecy so much sure
the way he handled it like I don't know
if I would have handled nearly as ghosts
bringing out Bubba lost my mind yeah
like he's very mature so we handled it
and I could sit here and go thank you
guys but I'm gonna get the truth I'm not
gonna lie actor when I first found out
okay I'm not my but then I'm like no no
it's not with it like it's just not with
and I know a lot of people who trust me
who would hear something like this and
be like what the hell like did I go
crazy and stuff but I'm just like well
if someone doing this like just get them
like cut them off like like now he knows
text his intentions were clear it's
obvious like there's no excuse like all
he was saying she's like our friend
obviously is his girl she's like our
sister we all look out for her just like
Brandon does I'm just happy that this
certain visual like we found out he was
fake between that not something else
because obviously if your do something
like that you'll do anything you don't
care and to say I was bored bro Borla
what is that and by the way this video
is not meant to throw any shade or throw
anybody under the bus
trust me if it was meant for that I'd
come out with the name the last name the
freakin Twitter handle the instant like
I would put this person on blast it's
not meant for that but my job as a
youtuber is to keep you guys engaged
what goes on in my daily life and
recently what happened in my day
I got a text for my ex-girlfriend who
was still my really really close friend
that my boy hit her up in a way that you
just don't hate somebody up yeah my boy
somebody who not just my boy but
somebody who has been to my house talked
to my mom
talked to my dad has went out multiple
times me and all my boys and I don't
know I just feel like you don't do that
a lot of people have different opinions
so if you guys feel at different weights
you guys feel that he was in the right
and me like my boys and Jack you're on
the wrong didn't you guys on you you
guys think like that with all have
different opinions so uh I hope you guys
kinda I don't know if I stay enjoyed
this video but just it's just another
day in the life of Robotics in my
opinion I think I handled it well just
ignored everything even when I cross
paths as as angry or not angry but as
much as I look at this guy differently
at one point it was my boy so I'm not
gonna go out of my way and just you know
I'm not gonna do this so holy Dennis you
guys are my boys love you too Dennis
oh and shout-out to all my other boys um
I think that's gonna close out today's
video please drop a like but and also
let me know what you guys think about
this whole situation because I'm curious
to know you know whether you guys just
just what you guys think yeah like I
said me and Jack here so friend I'll
probably end up seeing Jack tonight
we're so close you won't be any closer
dinners but yet guys subscribe this
channel if you are new drop a like on
the video if you enjoyed I'm still kind
of in shock that one of my previous boys
would do this okay it is what it is life
is life and we're gonna close out
today's video I love you guys all so
much peace peace there's no telling
you're the right girl so
only say that it feels right
