I got this
are you ready for the draw oh man I just
woke up I'm just joking guys I didn't
just wake up have my keys in my pocket
hone in my pocket and I had my sandals
on but I just wanted to do an intro like
you know all the cool youtubers start
their vlogs with some edit and you know
waking up and hopping out of bed I woke
up to this good morning food in the
kitchen love you mom
you actually spelled kitchen right this
time she spoke at the Sirian it told her
Bosley you want to go downstairs you
want to go see my mom come on let's go
oh okay okay okay you wanna go down and
go see my mom let's go hey easy Bosley
morning Santa Claus okay let's see what
we have breakfast burrito breakfast
burrito any names
french fries cheeseburgers cheeseburgers
hashbrowns biscuit oh my gosh you wonder
why Bosley came flying down the stairs
okay you guys so I have the food is
heating up I remembered I had to pick
something up from Jackie and she has
work out 11:00 or 11:30 so I had to go
right now before she goes to work and so
I'm gonna come back home after that to
eat holy shit my car is a fucking
dumpster I need to clean this I'm
honestly ashamed of myself and I'm a
surprise her with a Starbucks from
Starbucks she looks like a pretty long
shift so I'm gonna see her pick up what
I need to pick up drop off a Starbucks
get a quickie in I'm just joking but uh
but uh yeah so I'm gonna go see check
you for a little guys I'm honestly so
stupid like I just when I edit my vlogs
at night and i rewatch what I say and
just like what I do I'm actually like
I'm just fucking
I'm Brandon number what is that's what I
am works immediately where oh yeah I
need to make this fucking light go
holy shit such a bad driver oh shit what
I want Homer but uh yeah I forgot to do
my morning routine of checking if eric
bledsoe still follows me or if he
fucking had enough of my shin unfollowed
me I check in literally every day when I
wake up I'm insecure about my egg
Bledsoe follow EEB led to follows you
still please eric bledsoe never change
for the human being that you are and i
just want to thank your parents for
raising you to be such a genuine humble
human being following your fan I just
words can't describe what a humble human
being you are Eric and I just want to
let you know how much I appreciate that
oh shit okay time go get the Starbuck
are you guys so I just picked up the
drink um Jackie Wanda caramel
Frappuccino whatever the hell is it so
zoomed in Jackie wanted a caramel
Frappuccino I got an extra extra extra
camera for Pacino because if you watch
my vlogs you know that I always take a
sip out of Jackie's drinks and I wanted
to trip my friend just fucking walk past
yeah I wanted to try extra camel so
sorry Jackie I hope you like a bunch of
fucking sugar yes I just got Jackie at
Starbucks from Starbucks and I okay
really you some people are gonna call me
weird or I don't know if I'm gonna hate
for this or if I'm I don't know what the
reaction to this is going to be but
there was a homeless man on on the see
right here asking for money I came back
to my car took out ten bucks and gave it
to him god bless okay and I do this I
don't want to say often because like I'm
not I'm not trying to like get into
anything but I do this when I see
homeless over here and you know I know a
lot of people first thing they do when
they do something like that is take the
cam out and record but I see the
comments on videos like that oh you're
only doing this for views you're only
doing this for money
you're only doing this to portray
yourself as a good person but when the
camera is off your fake Bob about all
this so I do a lot of that behind the
camera do that sometimes and I don't
want to record it because I don't know
the reaction I'm gonna get from you guys
but I feel like that's a good thing to
do and it
if I were to ever recorded I am not just
doing it for views or whatever because
I've done it plenty of times off-camera
so it would be different if I picked my
camera up and said well let me go find
this homeless dude and give him money so
I can record it no but if I'm vlogging
and I see a guy lay my video started
like five minutes ago
what oh shit why did my intro just come
on my video started a while ago guys she
just picked up the latest shoes
what are those these are the Jordan
coming the Jordan Retro know they're the
six my brother they're the sixth grade
middle school retro fans we take those
off though I can't do this
guys nothing worse than a stuffy nose
huh I don't know have you watched the
son's play this season I wasn't joking
have you watched them play babe why do I
sound hoarse today babe why is my car so
messy cuz here clean line if I clean
yours will you clean mine yeah really
okay my car isn't even dirty I'll take
that trade that's like when the sons
traded Markieff Morris to the Wizards on
the Suns you're the Wizards you get the
worst part of this trade
God without fucking fast Jackie drives
oh my I'm so proud she learns from the
best I raised her the right way speeding
tailgating cars I'm just joking well she
probably did pick that up for me but I'm
not proud of that anyways I'm so proud
of her I raised her up good guys what
the hell
a day later and the power just shut off
again look nothing look even the traffic
lights where all the accidents happen
down again mom this is like the fourth
time in the from night till now yeah me
and my brother were editing our video
that shit better I've saved and now I
don't know how we're gonna upload guys
I'm fucking eating an onion ring and
we're here another car accident Brian
you see that's the third one
between like we're still blacked out
guys Bosley master how long's is gonna
keep going I need to upload my vlog from
yesterday me and Brian me to upload and
we have no connection I'm congratulating
myself having myself on the back because
this video marks a 47 day upload streak
47 days I'm being honest with you guys a
couple months back I would have never
thought things out I never thought that
I would have taken YouTube this
seriously I mean 47 uploads in a row
like that's actually crazy
pause Lee's body is literally a curved
boomerang mm sorry buzz Li boomer ugh
guys so my videos rendered it's like all
done but I can't upload because of the
power outage and his frustrating and I
don't trust the power even if the power
comes back on the inconsistency it's
shown over the past night and today no I
don't trust it so I'm gonna text one of
my cousins and go see if I can upload at
their house because guys I mentioned a
47 day upload streak well there won't be
a 47 upload street if I can't upload
this
so I'm gonna try to see if I can go over
one in my cousin's house oh I'm an idiot
look the garage won't even open because
of the power
oh god it's 2016 people don't know how
to live
we're not cavemen anymore we don't know
how to live without a power we're
stubborn and we're greedy and we're used
to having electricity
oh damn it was your name you already
know what that song means I need to call
Jackie cause she needs to come to work
on this but uh guys listen I'm on my way
to Anthony or Chanel's house and I got a
text from Brian saying the powers back
on so now I'm fucking on my way back
home so today's so weird
oh no honestly guys the Drake part is
when my girlfriend goes the most crazy
you know
you know what I mean we just need us
guys we good start the upload dad yells
at the cop insane blackout let's do this
also the sons play tonight crossing my
fingers for a fucking loss we play the
Knicks so we actually have a chance to
win and it's in Phoenix at home but man
I'm hoping the Suns lose Ben Simmons to
Phoenix that's almost a guy's whichever
team doesn't get Ben Simmons oh the dude
who just missed a layup
that's a nice consolation prize right
there Brent not him not another Plumlee
but right there Brandon Ingram he's
supposed right there he's really really
skinny
he's like imagine rug in a basketball
jersey but he's a consensus number-two
pick consolation prize Ben Simmons first
he's supposed to go second so uh you got
to watch him play too because we might
be looking at a future Phoenix Sun right
here who knows oh here
show me the keys guys Brian's about to
fucking move my car because I had to
park under the hoop because my mom was
in my spot and Brian is something got
into him I think he's been watching too
much Steph Curry or something but he
wants to shoot around outside so he said
actually about to move my car I don't
know how I feel about this
my heart's actually pounding this is
worse than a pregnancy scare but we'll
see how this goes he's right there there
go skinny bones Jones get in my car
Bosley are you fucking kidding me
look he's literally sitting directly
under the food hoping that I drop a
piece when I'm eating
Bosley I'm not gonna drop any food you
can leave oh shit hey don't break that
hard bitch only I'm allowed to ruin my
car easy he has to play music from my
car already
stop stop stop
you dumbass fucker almost hit my mom's
car like my car you can buy it off me
for two million dollars okay okay
yeah but I'll just yeah maybe I was
watching the end of this Duke game are
you guys so my brother asked you to go
shoot around with a man I'm not really
doing anything I'm just waiting for my
video to upload I just finished eating
so I feel like going to go teach him a
lesson not to ever ask me bruh wadays
aka Eric Bledsoe aka Devin Booker aka
fucking PJ Tucker I just want to teach
my lesson not to ask me to play
basketball him anymore because we're on
two different levels now I'm just joking
guys I love shooting around with Brian
so i'ma go shoot around not doing
anything Oh guys look Bruce Irvin signed
with the Raiders he left the Seahawks to
sign of the Raiders why the fuck does
this do it look like future the artists
future
I'm coming daddy I'm coming I'm coming
on your face listen Bosley god screams
obesity that screams fat you're getting
a gut let's go down by Bryan you can
watch us play basketball mom he's
literally crying because I didn't give
him okay go down we'll go play bass on
Bryan go go work off that fat go faster
faster faster good boy
oh my gosh guys there's my biggest fan I
am I'm number one
thanks for dating me I'm so happy that
you chose me to be that guys and this is
how we met she come sit on my video
saying hey big loyal fan i watch all
your videos sauce up I'm leaving that in
guys holy crap two days after hitting
300k not even two full days literally
like a day and a half I just hit 320k
right now that's fucking that is
actually insane how like guys I don't
even know what to say like I would just
keep saying thank you and everything but
I feel like I'm Oh guys this is amazing
like like I don't even know what to say
thank you is not enough like whatever I
tell you guys is not enough I just need
to show to you guys by putting out good
content and just uploading consistently
for you guys and I want to show it
through my videos how much I appreciate
this so you guys are gonna be getting
even better content and just wait on it
guys I need to show you how much I
actually note like this means so much to
me guys my channels going so fast and
it's all because of you guys not because
of me it's all due to every single
person hitting that subscribe button
right now from their own home
a foot taller down to reason there's
something that might be hard to start
your babul ah not not me maybe my dad
what answer did he say Friday oh shit
52 of my mom's age yeah so when did you
have me when you were five hey son's
game about to start please God let them
lose please God
dad imagine if they went three in a row
I'll probably kill myself please no
three game win streak at this time it
just makes no sense Phoenix
please no yeah the game started like two
minutes ago they're playing the Knicks
porzingis and Melo against guys oh my
god someone just fucking kill me now
because granite fucking Brandon Knight
piece of shit makes his return today God
you don't even know how enjoyable it was
this past month without watching Brandon
Knight play and now I have to see lo
basketball i.q no defense long two
pointers all over my fucking TV thanks
to Brandon Knight guys he is a terrible
basketball player if you just look at
stats if you're one of these people who
all let me check the stats for the Suns
game Oh Brandon Knight yeah 20 points 5
rebounds forces then yeah he's fine if
you watch the games Brandon Knight is a
terrible player of the game of
basketball you might as well never hear
the word the name Benson has come out of
my mouth at the Suns win this game guys
silly me
I'm funny I was actually scared the Suns
would win this game
I needed to come to my senses oh my god
it's about to be 61 234 dad Sanjoy down
by 27 in the second quarter yeah to the
next back to the good old son I think
they were reading some mock drafts and
saw Ben Simmons slipping away so they're
like oh shit we got to lose this game
because I'm actually pissed off Devin
Booker had 32 points his career-high is
34 so he's one three-pointer away from
his career-high and the suns decide to
sit him for the last six minutes of the
fucking game like and they were already
down by 30 they had nothing to lose that
actually pissed me off so at this point
I don't even want to watch another son's
game the whole year the kid has 32 with
six minutes left in the fourth and
you're gonna see him for the rest of the
game that's bullshit I should have let
him get his career high and then sat him
or just left him in the game he deserves
to keep playing but when do the sun's
ever do anything right honestly wait
come back hey no no this is to end my
vlog guys end my vlog I'm about to get a
midnight snack mom what kind of
lunchable should I get ham or turkey
turkey all right
well I'm gonna eat a turkey lunchable to
end my night and it's time to edit this
vlog and get ready for a class tomorrow
I have two classes tomorrow so cuz I'm
happy the sun's lost
Benson mr. Phoenix still alive oh look
guys I finished the Lunchables and of
course I had already brushed before I
ate I had brushed my teeth I always get
hungry right after I brush for some
reason so I gotta get up and brush my
teeth again literally I had just brushed
them like 20 minutes ago but something
happens I get so hungry right after I
brush my teeth it's so weird guys before
ending this vlog I want to give a
special shout out really quickly explain
so my mom's sister her name is Maysoon
mae and she has a friend who's
celebrating an anniversary she watches
my videos say the names please because
they're kind of hard to pronounce
it's Malak and salah and i think they're
going on
she told my mom 20 year
she told me 20 to 21 years so if we mess
it up it's Mason's fault but uh yeah I'm
gonna put a picture of them on the
screen they're a beautiful couple and me
and my mom wish them nothing but the
best going forward
happy on the first happy anniversary 20
21 whatever it is that's more than two
decades away yeah - yeah it's like 20 I
know they look they look like they're 20
years old not me but so happy
Anniversary to them and may soon she's
in Texas that's that's our canon doors
mom they were in my videos for a while
so uh yeah Maysoon we miss you from San
Diego to Texas
