got this guy's me and Jackie were
watching TV and yeah my dad is outside
and the power literally went out look
the whole street is dark we're using our
phone life literally our whole life yeah
babe look everything it's like I'm in a
haunted house a number I'm the
introducer saying all right guys no
touching with that hey that actually so
weird
it we heard like a fuse like oh no
Brian's out on the street he already
can't drive imagine now I had to block
this I got up to him I got up to get my
vlogging camera left Jackie alone
because I needed to vlog this for you
guys it's for you to guys oh my gosh
guys Brian just got home know if you
could see let's tell him oh shit
car accident babe come here dad weird
babe what is going on guys the world is
ending oh oh my gosh oh they all the
glasses on the floor are they okay
I don't know so it's a big hood one of
them is okay that people don't see we
just came out the car but the one in the
trunk I mean in the truck
there's stuff cars are literally just
acting
notice hold on Brian's calling Brian
can't come it's yeah you have to open
okay Brian my dad's gonna open the door
wasn't Chuck I don't know the person in
the truck isn't out the people in the
red car came out cuz we tell knows who
my dad is
we got that flash right there my dad is
standing oh the guy just came out of the
truck right now
he just got out our trunk
well O'Brien oh my god
hey the cops are here Brian glad the
drugs go the run for my house my dad is
so fuckin ioz yeah but my dad is
actually in the backyard over the fence
guys now the ambulance this is all going
on right in front of my house it's a
fire truck oh my god yeah okay babe you
weren't even born here you have no right
direction it's just crazy I've never
witnessed anything like this right in
front of my house oh there does annoy
just circum members of the family into
the ambulance guys we hope everybody's
okay that was actually so scary we heard
the crash like it was so loud we heard
it oh yeah they took I think that's how
many people in my ambulance I mean the
fire oh no now that's an ambulance I'm
learning this I should have learned in
kindergarten but I'm learning it fucking
15 years later but yeah I know we heard
the crash it sounded so scary so I hope
everybody is okay everyone involved I
think there were some kids too like I
got least a kid I don't know come with
me to get my fucking tattoo is black out
there's no joke guys I keep trying to
turn on my light as if she's gonna
fucking work
it's my dad chopping on Jackie ha ha
ghost ghost stop guys we're both fuckin
vlogging but look at my head in the big
zap wait where are you that mean oh shit
guys look how much trust in this
relationship jackie has my phone and I'm
and I'm not even trippin take a look
through anything ok guys babe there's
nothing on my phone I have to go pee I
keep dirt trying to turn the lights on
as if they're gonna fucking work yes
the water is still words that we can
shower together
so Gopi you guys can't watch this what
you can hear it if you want to along yes
I'm get reported for some type of
YouTube fucking rule for recording the
sound of my feet he doesn't have a rule
for everything oh sorry YouTube please
don't give me a stroke on my fucking
channel for recording the sound of my
pee guys are you for another fucking
accident it really weird holy another
one dad no way in the same spot Wow
are you fucking kidding me the same spot
that's stupid that the police they love
old it's smoking babe give me my
snapchat well my dad is going on a rant
on him m/s edge my dad dad what did you
say I said what did you say about the
cops yes mhm
my dad is saying that the cops should
have left because this accident just
happened in the same exact location like
about 20 minutes after the cops left he
said they should have stayed or at least
put some signs because what's going on
is that it's a really dark area and
people can't see the traffic lights yeah
at all with the blackout so they're just
going straight right left and fixes up
our place smh
dad how did you know guys the power the
lights on hey boys
getting a trickshot I it's like the
sun's won the championship Bosley why
aren't you excited you're the only one
who's not hi hey babe to accidents this
is scary oxygen I want to go to sleep
poor Shannon wait scuse me sir
as I should have loved shouldn't have
not shit he's gonna see me come right on
behind my knives yelling at the cop no
yeah it's not the same one that's
different
okay leave them dad wait tell Melissa
mate today my dad's gonna go to jail I'm
gonna go through a message yo I don't
know smh shape guys my shirts a little
too small but it makes my arms numb bed
no one ever makes my arms look big so
it's all did what what stain eggs in
screenshot guys screen shuffle some dill
oh we need the dog filter guys Saba
actually have a problem I went on a rant
if you follow me on Twitter or snapchat
dad listen to this so you guys all know
the dog fucking the dog filter of I'm
snapchat you don't know for some reason
all the girls are addicted to it's like
they've never seen a dog in their life
literally every single girls snapchat
story that I fucking open is them
licking the air like like they've never
seen a fucking dog in their life every
single girls fucking snapchat story
everyone you can't watch a girl snapchat
story without having the dog filter I
don't know why like it's like they've
never seen a dog or for dad we aren't
moving we're the guys we're supposed to
be dogs not the
for some reason the girls want to be da
da da
fuck the power the power just come here
the power just fluff what the hell just
happened the power went out how did you
know I was like this oh I just fixed my
alarm applause oh my god Wow oh shit my
phone okay Wow what the hell now my
phone light doesn't even work let's say
this without the jeans
Oh
guys please tell me you see oh yeah you
can see right there
my dad is literally peeking over
anything SMA he's peeking over the fence
looking at all the cars
no but guys this is actually crazy I've
never seen anything like this two car
accidents the first one was terrible
this one was pretty bad too - car
accident and I think this car one of
them had a baby in there so like
honestly you hope everybody's okay
because oh the power just keeping this
bar just came back on the power just
fucking came back on Bosley let's go
yeah I'm not getting hyped I'm I'm a
prepare for the worse
what the hell's going on guys no this
night is crazy on the powers back on Ron
the powers back Brian what the hell's
going on uh power outage Bosley has no
care in this world
Brian the night started me and Jackie
watching fuckin Courage the Cowardly Dog
and it leads today's guys guess what I'm
wearing the blue jacket hey where are we
going
we're going to Denny's the worst
breakfast place in the world so we're
both hungry
stop eating gummy bears we're gonna go
eat okay give me I want guys yeah we're
gonna go to Denny and hopefully when I
come back the powers still gonna be on
because the inconsistency with this
power is worse than Brandon nice game oh
my god you're the corniest fucking
person well apparently you look corny
and horny guys Jackie I mean babe what
the hell I just called her Jackie that
only happens when we're in an argument
babe wait say vlogger fuck you hey MA
she said blogger so scared look guys way
I have to show you in the light
okay this Amar'e Stoudemire action
figure
legs broken off ask me why they've asked
me why I already didn't that one Oh tell
me what we're eating it okay I'm gonna
tell you when we're eating okay guys so
Jackie's in for a story I won't forget
while we're eating here oh shit guys
look how I just fucking Park hold on
fucking Park right uh okay wait uh
actually I want to take up two parking
spots because these are small and I
don't want an idiot to hit my fucking
car and buy an idiot I mean someone
who's dumb enough to drive like me
hopefully I don't got a fucking ticket
guys look how I parked
no no no roll down take two spots how I
did I left you two spots open cuz these
are small someone's gonna hit your car
door I'm teaching her how to drive the
right way watches watch out my cow
watches both get fucking tickets parking
tickets why is Danny so popping dick no
you're good but even if you do it's the
same car as your so it's fine
just go why do they set the menus up
like this I sit next to her tell them
why so because he thinks that guys look
at me signals to make sure that hey this
guy's I literally grabbed her butt while
we're sitting down eating just in case
any guy wants to walk for literally
gifts guys 30 looks of him you guys shit
I'm literally walking with her like
walking around and guys will still look
at her and I look at them like what the
fuck are you doing like do you not like
I'm right here I'm right here you don't
see me or what bitches
I know one no girls look at me all guys
look I just literally will be this girls
smell better
like they see three dollars from chess
man
listen July field 2010 Amar'e Stoudemire
left the Phoenix on t babe okay that's
fine thank you
he left the Phoenix signs you signed a
five-year 100 million full guarantee
deal with the New York Knicks and so I
broke the legs off of the action figure
because I used to okay I'm telling you
do any food you're not ordering any food
and I'm putting salt and pepper all over
your food when he turns guys so on July
5th 2010 Amar'e Stoudemire who was my
favorite player he was my Eric Bledsoe
yeah he left her son she signed a
five-year hundred million dollar fully
guaranteed deal and your crazy is so
much yes I'll check if there's any guys
here always there's a guy right right
there
I'm watching you you better not you
better not be fucking looking at Jackie
listen guys Amar'e Stoudemire left the
Suns I got mad and I broke the legs on
his fucking action figure that's a good
buy if I you know it means 55 and older
like age why what do you want from here
I wanted the Gucci guys she's a cougar
I'm only 20 years old why does she like
me
what if would you just call me I caught
you a slut you called me a slut you
gonna be a slut let me tell you why
because jackie ordering a coffee so now
I'm gonna go home with no caffeine and
go to bed while she's gonna be all hi
can stay up and talk to other guys when
I'm fuckin asleep that's true I don't
have any other guys to talk to but of
course he does I talk to a lot of guys I
don't talk to any girl to it oh my god
hello me I'm leaving
I dare I'm a yellow guys remember what I
was talking about uh about the fucking
dog filter as look of course of course
of course I'm supposed to be the dog in
this relationship you are he call you
know he called me a slut I'm only a
slope forehand half a lot if you did the
stairs talking to guys then I want to
say talking to other girls
oh wait or we can just sit and talk to
each other we don't think about that hi
so if you ever feel like your partner is
cheating on you
nobody is cheating all my life no one's
cheating you I know I'm not you
I just want to find out what a
girlfriend she's to y'all me with does
he want us you know who you are
you know who you are girl don't comment
let me know babe can you kiss you kiss
you kiss or wonderful come
new party came in asked if there's any
guys guys I think she just saw someone
she used to date oh she bit her tongue
we're ending the vlog right now off to
the home I'm latina you know how it is
you have a curfew even if you 19a pay
rent
yeah that was honestly a crazy night I
just started the vlog because you know
the power kinda went out little did I
know to car accidents on camera my dad
going crazy at the cops going to Denny's
another power outages a bunch of things
happen that's why you always got to keep
your camera around but um your girl yeah
you always got to keep your girl
especially a late night when you're in
my bed nice guys we're ending this video
right here Oh
my name is V right here I hope you
enjoyed this vlog and be careful when
you die you guys really like yeah we saw
two car accidents in English phone is
not worth like because I've got to go
through all that crap like insurance
it's dangerous it's not worth a guy's
she's not want to talk but I'm just
saying I you know on the time and say
anyways yeah we went mr. Brown like us
we witnessed two crazy accidents we hope
everyone involved is okay and I want to
thank you guys again for 300,000
subscribers that's honestly thank you
that's so nice to do you guys like I
love you guys oh I love you guys
thank you you love guys you love to have
you guys who goes oh okay there's boys
oh my guys I'm winning fuck this you
guys with fucking plural first of all
she tried to give me this candy to make
up for it no not getting off the hook
that easy babe as you guys saw rug
vlogging the whole thing as well so uh I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
and please be sure to drop a like just
as I dropped my chopstick and uh no
really thank you guys so much for
300,000 subscribers like what three
hundred thousand subscribers I can't
even say that word without like freaking
out on the inside and the fact that
I know I'm growing by the day and
there's many more subscribers to come is
honestly just it's heartwarming like
it's go this way babe what are you
listening to what are you listening to
okay come this way I'm so thankful and I
appreciate every single one of you guys
so much and I'm know like I just cannot
believe I hit 300 thousand subscribers
that is crazy and much love to everybody
who has hit that subscribe button and if
you haven't hit that subscribe button
I'm gonna do my best I promise you I'm
gonna entertain you guys so much till
you're forced to click that subscribe
button so Bharat squad I'm out peace
guys really quick um before I end this
vlog first of all the power's out again
the power is out again this is the next
day I like fucking noon 12 o'clock
powers out again but before I end this
vlog I just want to say something I've
gotten a time of comment on my last
prank burning Brian zzs saying oh you
copied face k or on face k did
this.first
you're you're not original all this guys
I'm gonna say this in the Brian was that
another car accident another car
accident I just heard it I'm saying this
in the nicest way I'm trying not to be
mean but I don't even know who the fuck
face K is so I've never seen one of the
videos I did not know there was a face
member named K guys if we're being
honest I know rug uh rain apex adapt
banks Tico and Blaziken oh and I know
thank you because actually ohm in real
life I've hung all the multiple times me
Brian and him so I don't fucking I don't
know so I didn't even know who face K
was I've never seen that video I'll
probably look it up right now but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog of a pretty crazy night and um I'm
gonna go check another cartoon it that's
third one so I don't know guys I love
all of you guys and again that 300,000
has jumped up to three hundred and
twelve thousand and
how can I not be freaking out like the
the numbers going up every day in terms
of subscribers and views it's just like
it's overwhelming I honestly don't know
how to take it all in because I'm not
used to this but I just can't say thank
you enough if you guys got annoyed of me
saying thank you then just let me say I
love you you're gonna know that me
saying I love you just let me tell you
guys that I appreciate all you guys and
uh yeah thank you for watching this vlog
oh yeah guys one last thing uh in case
you're new to my channel cuz I have
gained a lot of subs over the past few
days so if you're new to my channel
there's one of your first videos you're
watching you see the way me and Jacky
joke around it's all jokes
no one's cheating on each other no one's
fucking uh crazy like no one we just
joke like that we argue as jokes and for
us it's funny I don't know how you guys
see it but none of that is serious so in
case you guys couldn't tell we were not
really mad at each other at Denny's
another thing obviously prayers go out
to every single person involved in that
car accident because hearing about a car
accident and actually seeing one it's
two different things it makes you
actually like you feel bad so you hope
everybody involved in those car
accidents was okay and not just those on
the everyw Carson and going on involved
in the world you hope everybody is okay
and again but what is I'm out guys
