are you guys so I had a really really
busy day today insanely busy like I
didn't even have time to vlog so I want
to put out a video for you guys and if
you guys remember um just last week I
posted a video called how to be faze rug
and let me tell you being faze rug is
hard because with that video came a lot
of bloopers and a lot of mistakes so
what I'm giving you guys today is my
first kind of blooper reel from that
video so uh I hope you guys enjoy it's
pretty much all my like miscues and all
my just fuckup from that video so I do
hope you guys enjoy and here goes
what is it no you guys what did you get
what is going on you guys faze rug here
and today I'm gonna be you guys another
Q&A is long I'm gonna be doing
absolutely nothing but I like to walk
around the house yeah I'm gonna walk
around the house record my mom making
breakfast and maybe record my dog for a
little and then I'm at edit and upload
this boring vlog no that's too much
bi too much I'm a little too mean I
think I went a little too overboard so I
cut that part out this this part right
here don't even get me don't even get me
started
i legit pretty much attempted to the
gamma challenge more than once for this
skate without even realizing it yeah
guys call duty it's kind of boring
recently so if only there was something
that can make me be in the mood to play
some Call of Duty oh wait oh my god the
latest flavor of G fuels gamma man this
stuff is magic guys
oh here I was getting ready to start the
ghost part you know I was really hyped
for the ghost part because I know that's
like one of the most talked about things
on drugs channel and I started and I'm
like I don't even know where any Bible
cross rosary I don't know where any of
those stuff are so of course the lady
who does everything in this household
mom oh my god oh my god guys it's like
4:00 in the morning right now and I just
had just gone to sleep and the fucking
sleep paralysis happen again you know
yep
I had this happen fucking I can't
believe it guys I'm say the worst thing
ever and this ghost stuff really needs
to stop because ghosts I might be
nothing but I'm scared shitless of you
oh you guys I'm gonna go down now I'm
gonna go in finally catch this ghost
where the focus goes up okay mom where's
like the Rosary or holy water or Bible
or something oh my god oh my god guys I
think I see something
wait let me check the camera in the
garage
okay guys so that's my video for the day
I hope you guys enjoyed let's try to
smash 10,000 likes wait what else does
you say the char this man oh yeah
no you don't say piece alone let's try
to match 10000 likes favourite piece doo
doo doo
what time is it Oh time to jack off the
Kylie Jenner
okay so this part right here if you
watch closely if you watch the how to be
phased right video closely you see that
I type in Kylie Jenner hot AF hottest
fuck but then when I click search it
changes to Kylie Jenner you want to know
why because I'm gonna show you for a
split second
here is what came up when I typed in
Kylie Jenner hot as fuck beware
can't wait my favorite time of the day
there so that popped up and I was like
yeah I don't think I should put that in
the video so I deleted the hotspot can
just change it to Kylie Jenner which is
something you guys probably didn't catch
in the video go
no I already recorded that part how am I
gonna pair hands again
okay go
Oh Brian meeting you meet again go oh no
no no act like these aren't here like
I'm sitting on the chair doing it so
you're walking on me doing them
yeah I got the chair that's the chair
and and don't do the hitting we'll do
that in another clip so okay
oh no be by the door come by the door
okay hold on
no you can open it just don't coming
yeah after I say like the tip line mom
it's a prank I swear it's a prank it's a
prank it's a prank oh shit the fan just
turned on by itself oh my gosh so turn
ahead oh my god did you guys just hear
that for this next part let's just say
um that if any of you guys had any hopes
for a Jackie to make it in Hollywood or
have a career in acting let's just say
that's not gonna happen
Jackie you had one line maybe two lines
why did you have to make it this hard
why
okay then cover your face with your hair
I don't care but say no Brian I don't
feel comfortable doing that literally
just a sentence you don't even have to
add okay the battery's dying I swear
that's right
just say no Brian say no Brian I don't
feel comfortable doing that because I
already recorded and the battery's dying
I already did the part it doesn't matter
just say I said can you pick up the
Cologne for me please I can't just say
okay pretend the camera's not there just
say ok can you go
but yeah I just get nervous babe okay
let's just say the line you I'm not you
to act or anything just say the line
yeah you are cuz I don't know it what
does it matter how I said it
yes attitude I don't you could laugh and
fucking make it I don't care how you say
it I just need you to say yeah that's it
the battery is dying it's on right and
it's flashing okay just get it over you
can go watch right no Brian I'm not
doing it for you that's fucking nasty
okay say the same thing you say do it
like that okay do it any way you want
okay I'm not putting that part in I'm
not putting that in Hey
all right guys so as I'm eating these
gummy bears that a fan sent rub this
might be a high chance that these are
poison people send them in the mail I
wonder why he beating them so the high
chance that this might be the last time
you're ever gonna see me but anyways I
hope you guys did enjoy this video I
thought it would be a neat idea to kind
of show you guys that although the
videos we put out on YouTube come out as
like you know perfectly edited and they
come out all nice and smooth no there's
a lot of parts that I just hope you guys
like I wanted to show you guys kind of a
behind the scenes or just like kind of
an uncut version just you know what I
mean so I hope you guys did enjoy this
video and much love I hope I love you
guys all I hit three hundred thousand
subscribers yesterday and if you follow
me on Instagram snapchat or Twitter
which are all in the link which are all
in the description below my links to all
those social medias are below I'm really
active on social media and I was
thinking you guys a bunch on there
but in case you don't follow me on
social media guys just thank you so much
I don't want to go off on a long speech
because I do that too many times in my
freakin videos and I know you guys get
annoyed but it just means the world to
me like I grew from 200k 300k in like a
month in two days that's like 100 K in a
month so you guys just won't understand
how much that actually means to me and I
go to sleep every single night just
knowing how blessed and I'm so grateful
for each and every one of you guys on I
appreciate all of you guys so I hope you
guys enjoyed this upload and for wat
suan bruh wadis need some sleep he's out
