first video can you see that guy's first
video we got six minutes left second
video we got three minutes left so
double upload done and found them
shaking and like my heart yeah guys so -
uploads done I've never tried the trip
upload in my life but now I need to go
edit this I just pranked my fucking
brother first of all third upload I need
to edit it right now then I gotta upload
it then I gotta go to the gym so busy
Sunday busy Sunday
as this has to be a fucking joke eric
bledsoe just fucking followed me on
Twitter I'm crying this has to be a joke
dad there's no way this is real Brian
tell them what just happened let's all
show them show them all these guys I
might know I was actually shaking like I
don't even know what to do
holy shit Brian just home look go to
hooli follows 429 following look at this
me eric bledsoe
lemme show the last tweet thanks to this
guy he said he said do you know Apple
waters he's your biggest fan check him
out and Bledsoe goes I just followed him
back guys
I just think I can't I fan grow so hard
dad this is crazy
he follows 420 and he adds over 166
thousand followers guys I can never
tweet bad about the sun's when they lose
I have to tweet oh yeah good good job
good effort sons I can never tweet bad
about the Sun guys like mom yeah someone
kill me because I honestly if I died
right now like I would die like this mom
I'm so happy he actually just followed
my Twitter like dared Bledsoe out of the
420 people in the world that he follows
I'm one of them he's gonna be seeing his
tweets my tweets on his timeline Brian
I've got a 4.0 GPA in high school
straight A's
I've got enough eight plus on a test in
college before but this is I've hit 275
thousand subscribers this is the
greatest accomplishment of my life are
you kidding me I'm not sleeping for ten
days I'm not going to sleep
I just cannot honestly can't believe
what just fucking happened Wow Wow
there's less so I fucking love you so
much Bledsoe Jersey Wow oh my god this
is crazy guys this smile is never coming
off my face like mama mama I made it dad
no matter how my life ends up no matter
what I do with my career my
is considered successful I'm serious
party pooper
party pooper eric bledsoe follow me
there's the greatest day of my life
March 6 2016 this is my new birthday
fuck June 23rd I hate June 23rd this is
my new birthday this is Christmas this
is Halloween this is fucking god this is
the start oh my god keep follow me wow
oh shit thank you black so appreciated I
did cry serious this is like yeah baby
I'm like I just see the notification on
my phone I don't even know what to do
like this is my new birthday March 6
2016 this is the start of a new life for
me you're still in mind a lot though
you're still my girlfriend and my future
wife but this is actually crazy
honestly like I just can't even think
straight right now hey my mind is like
on a whole nother world like I don't
yeah I can't even comprehend what just
happened no I'm gonna talk to you about
that all night I honestly feel bad for
you still can't believe I'm not taking a
shower there's gonna be the greatest
shot of my damn life like I don't mean
I'm gonna lose the water although I'm
hot because I can even feel pain I'm
gonna get burned without even feeling
single Alice of pain
guys it's time to enjoy the best dinner
ever on the best day ever in the
greatest jacket ever look I picked up
some wings and things with breadsticks
ranch honey barbecue mmm I wonder why
for some reason the system hmm best
bread shit I've ever tasted today for
some reason my finger it even tastes
fucking best I've ever tasted
mmm and that can feel extra soft today I
wonder why
try the wings boneless wings mmm best
means ever fuck why is everything so
good today oh let me think I fucking
know why because Eric Bledsoe follows me
on Twitter all subdued as my news friend
is joining for dinner you want some
let's try to put the basketball down
because we don't like to play at the
dinner table but it's fine bled I'm
still in shock I I still can't believe
what happened I don't even know even
though I I picked these up at 8:52 in
the place closes at nine so they're
fucking gay let's fuck
literally dry-ice had to spit a piece
out there's still the best wings ever
yeah there's still the best wings ever
today only today first of all I need to
contact the company of this action
figure because Bledsoe yeah he has let
me tell you guys he has this tattoo and
this one but he does not have this one
not on his forearm you can't just
fucking invent tattoos on Eric Bledsoe
his body he has to go to the shop and
get them himself he has this one and
also the top with the start he does not
have the one on his forearm and he
doesn't wear damn armbands he does not
wear those you can't just style him to
make it look better if he doesn't really
wear that I got your back but so don't
worry guys I just finished editing the
easies prank that's my fourth video
edited today so I triple uploaded plus I
recorded the prank and I edit it and
that's done and now I have to edit one
last video because I can't edit these
tomorrow morning because I have a
haircut appointment and also it's Monday
so i'ma go play some basketball at the
gym and also workout so
most videos I've ever edited and
uploaded in one day before was - today I
triple uploaded and then I'm I finished
editing for video and I'm about to start
my fifth it's past midnight um not sure
what time I'm gonna go to sleep
that'll be five videos edited today and
honestly my head is gonna fucking
explode but I can't wait for my haircut
appointment tomorrow and I also can't
wait to play basketball so that makes it
worth it and I do it's for you guys
watch squad the best squad on YouTube
you
