got this what is going on you guys today
I'm gonna be bringing you guys another
prank video I said this time this prank
is going to be insane I mean I've done
other pranks and yeah they were funny
but this prank hoping it all goes well
is going to be crazy on so you guys know
about my brother and his Easy's he's
fucking in love with them he's like what
I am to the sons
that's what my brother is to his Easy's
and even more i'ma show you a few clips
right now after patiently waiting for
two and a half weeks
I finally got finally finally they're
amazing they're so comfortable like they
just slip on let it slip your foot it
and they're so comfortable to walk in
and just the style and everything about
it so nice guys Brian where are you even
going guys
look wearing he wears his Yeezys around
the house yesterday I were in his bed at
night no they were not I sleep with them
ah you got any safe in my side like I'm
literally not going anywhere I'm just
walking around now so Bosley do you I
literally just walked in on Brian look
at this what are you playing Sonic and
Knuckles bodies really got a comfy why
but I'm about to try these on go fucking
put them back we got them I'm gonna try
them on don't you put the battery gun
mom what did you say you
to say it's a frank fast enough before
he end your life yeah guys his easy czar
boom it's easy to our prized possession
so first of all I'm looking on
Craigslist right now I'm trying to find
somewhere around this area we're in San
Diego I'm trying to find somewhere like
anywhere that sells a fake pair of
Yeezys I don't care like stop try
looking for Yeezys online you're gonna
end up paying one to two thousand
dollars and I'm not doing that so I'm
trying to find a replica pair a fake
pair on Craigslist or Ebay just
somewhere around here and I've come
across a couple so I'm trying to get in
contact with the owners to see if I can
pick them up and my plan is to pick up a
fake pair hi my brother's real pair of
disease and I'm a fucking imma burn i'ma
set the fake pair on fire but in his
eyes I'm gonna be setting his Easy's on
fire its prize possession his loves kids
I mean I just don't know what to say I
hope I'm hoping this train goes to
perfection I'm hoping I can cop the pair
of the same color maybe even the same
size guys we're gonna burn the shit out
of Brian's baby and we're gonna see his
reaction
honestly this is gonna be dope all right
guys so I'm on Craigslist
San Diego focus while my brothers
playing basketball okay guys so after
hours on craigslist and ebay fucking
multiple ads contacting multiple people
one of the people got back to me and
thank god it was actually like i was
talking to people who were hours maybe
like an hour and a half away maybe two
hours away the person that contact me
back is only 20 minutes away and she
said that she can meet tonight so I was
hanging out my girlfriend so I'm gonna
go pick up my girlfriend we're gonna go
pick up the shoes so um it worked out
perfectly the closest one and she can do
it ASAP so guys let's cross our fingers
that this works to perfection guys
before I go I just wanted to say that uh
I told this lady to call me on the phone
and instead of calling me she just kept
eeling emailing me so I have not spoken
to her and I've heard stories about
people meeting up with a Craigslist
seller and getting killed so just in
case this is one of those situations
because it sounds kind of sketchy just
know that I love all you guys and I did
YouTube for all of you guys for my love
for you guys yeah I mean
there's a chance I die there's a chance
I get killed by some person trying to
tell me the easies but honestly this
prank is just it's worth it it's worth
it this prank is gonna be so good that
it's worth the risk so fucking stupid
guys the lady just um called me back so
it turns out I'm not gonna get murdered
in white so now I'm on my way to the ATM
to get the cash and I'm gonna go pick
the easies up from her I'm surprised I
contacted her today and just a few hours
later I'm picking the shoes um I brought
my girlfriend along with me in case this
lady tries to kill me or something as if
my girlfriend's actually gonna do
something so yeah actually I'm on my
period I'll kill her okay so I got
protection on me she hasn't she kept
telling me all the cash isn't gonna be
fake right I kept saying no the cash is
gonna be fake she like threatened me
yeah the easies are fake first of all
she's not one to talk and she was like
threatening me like she has a fraud pen
I'm shove the fraud pen up your ass we
out here at the ATM the cops are
probably gonna think I'm fucking robbing
the bank it's all dark the bank is
closed and I'm over here we have just
picked up black Yeezys fake Easy's
replica Easy's not the real ones and
we're about to prank the fuck out of
Bryan because I'm gonna like these shoes
on fire honestly so no I didn't get
killed no I didn't die Jackie might have
been dead because I left her in the car
she didn't wanna get down so maybe
someone killed her but yep we got them
right here guys Jackie's begging me not
to do the prank anymore because she
wants to keep the easies fake like me
babe you can't keep them we got to do
this prank on Brian wait no please no
waiting yeah babe why i'ma expose you
imma tell everyone that they're fake
everyone did a fake
alright guys so here I have Brian's real
Easy's okay authentic and here we have
the fake one so they're one size smaller
but you shouldn't be able to tell the
difference and honestly guys look at
this these are these honestly look legit
look at this
I'm off to buy myself a fake parent rock
them Brian's in the shower right now I
don't know if you can hear it but so I'm
gonna hide these I don't know just I'll
put them up here
those are his real ones guys imagine if
I accidentally take the real ones and
fucking burn those I hope this works to
perfection I don't even have to explain
how much she's in love with these Easy's
like you guys have seen you literally
sleep with them you wave them around the
house even when he's now going out these
are his prized possession and rightfully
so the dude is Kanye himself now I'm
just joking but those are expensive
shoes and they look nice they feel nice
okay so what I'm gonna do first is um
I'm gonna put some gas on them to make
sure that they lie I don't want to risk
lighting anything doesn't even lie in
the whole prank goes to shit guys if I
fucking light it the wrong way honestly
my whole body's probably gonna catch on
fire something but let me just apologize
in advance Brian I'm really sorry
actually fuck that guys he's pranked me
with lottery ticket prank uh baby powder
in my hairdryer prank fucking cell phone
and he's pranked me a bunch of times
multiple times I think I've got him once
maybe twice so honestly Brian I'm not
sorry I feel sorry for myself if you
fucking kill me for burning them but I
don't feel sorry for you Brian imagine
this so I'm gonna call Brian downstairs
and I'm gonna have my phone I'm gonna
like hang up imma be like I've I like
that supposedly Jackie's gonna be on the
phone and I'ma tell bombelli Brian what
the fuck did you tell Jackie you know um
she told me that you told her something
about my past and she just broke up with
me what the fuck is wrong with you you
know me and my girl like this so like I
would be pissed if something like that
happened and he'll be like cuz he didn't
really do anything and I'll be like no
fuck you Brian you see these and I'm a
burn them like just watch guys I got
this under control all I can do now is
cross my fingers and hope everything
goes to perfection because if it does
this is going to be an insane prank and
I'm doing this for you guys
Ryan honestly is probably gonna fucking
kill me like you don't even know okay
guys so I found this of old sand oh
that's pretty much Bosley's chew toy
nobody wears that anymore
I want to see it how it'll burn I want
to practice so I don't like my whole
damn body on fire I'm gonna imagine
these are the easies Wow I just fucking
stepped in fuzzies
okay listen karma got me before I even
did this prank look
I just stepped all involved is she
so to say that it works would be an
understatement I'm fucking ready to do
this friend you guys I'm fucking ready
are you guys ready some other do this
okay guys so we got the camera hidden
and set up I'm gonna put the gas all
over the replica Easy's right now hey
let's put it on the front so I don't
burn my
okay my dad said that's too much and now
we're going to do this so I'm going to
pretend to be on the phone to my
girlfriend what do you mean you're
breaking up with me there's no way Brian
come here right now huh what do you mean
I didn't do anything
I literally didn't do anything I've been
no it's been me and you at all times
a little party why are you coming to
come here why are you doing on a year
eat come here hold on are you doing with
my people on tell me right now
get your fucking come here I'm gonna get
written if you come you're not you stay
right shit care what the bullshit
what did you tell Jack just called me a
broke up with me because I'm about ready
pass a fucking talk I don't talk to
Jackie listen minute but my shit yeah
what the fuck are you doing ie you know
I'm actually serious we don't wanna
walking Brian tell me what you little
Jackie come on I let tell Jack anything
you want to check my phone you weren't
wrong I don't mean I believe her over
you why would you break up with what did
she say grandmother tell me about my
older man goodbye easy but listen to me
I didn't however shit you can tell me
what you deliver you into it you're
actually wondering right it stopped
tell me what he told you about one more
tan where are my life Brendon I swear I
did buckin do shit so she called me and
a praying she called me to break on me
for a job maybe she's fucking recording
I don't know nah it's you right
she 20 haven't said anything find any a
time ago why'd you tell her a long time
already
just fucking okay oh I do you have a
cookie a lighter what am i easy one more
champ listen I'm gonna fuck if you come
crosses on the heat bring any on me what
you told her about my past I made these
great couple nights where I didn't tell
her anything didn't tell anything right
now
read it stop so I'll stop what are you
doing white is ready the fuck are you
doing hey what the hell is wrong with
you
tell me the fuck is wrong with you the
book is a break it comes minute right
there spank their face there's bacon in
it
it was very lost your real wondering
before today gorillas
what lot of cameras right there what -
put it out the camera is right here
behind the table
these are spades right or easy their
faith georgette hold on hold on
the easies are more important than my
life oh my god Brian
he almost shoved me no man listen I
couldn't hit him back because I knew it
was a prank
he almost shoved me into the plants I'm
surprised my brother was that song I've
never seen him this man the sheds
burning this is my afterlife those are
fake fake replicas easy yeah oh wow it's
a easy wait Brian imagine if I
accidentally hit the fake ones are not
going to do one yeah we're laughing now
implying I know I stepped on the shit so
I'll take my sandals off guys I don't
care that was it insane prank rise crate
I mean really been going to the gym he
actually pushed the Adamo's flipped on
Bosley's shit ran into the lantern
muscles murdered really I didn't know
what you were talking about like I don't
know you're from amaz hug me Jackie ever
like I never text I've never called you
something what is he guys oh my god
mouthing insane reaction my brother
actually tried to hit didi I could
fucking kill ball game you dumbass if I
bring something that other guys I could
kill ballsy and Brian wouldn't touch me
but I burned his GG's any fucking flips
apeshit for the night owes
last night I bought Brian I met up with
this gone friends aside so I thought she
was gonna fucking kill me but you
actually didn't plan this guy's fuck
this shit worked even better than I
thought and I hope you guys enjoyed that
was actually hilarious I hope I did a
good acting job with the whole situation
with Jackie and now we gotta go get that
cleaned up honestly there's still a
first date you found them I was shaking
and like my heart I'm gonna go burn
these haha my heart was beating so fast
after that
