I got this well well welcome guess who
we have here
my arch nemesis Lawrence you know how
you guys hide all that up how I hate
Lawrence supposedly hey there's my most
hated enemy Lawrence and priest Bryan
that she's gonna fire back at us yes if
you if you miss hey just shoot Bosley
end his life I'm just joking buzz Lee
I'm just joking Bosley the Instagram DMS
have been blowing up too sometimes
Lawrence fuck you we gotta fight guys
next video Mia Lawrence in uh we're
gonna be naked in the mud like dirt and
we're gonna fight like pays but yeah I
try to find a way shit hey guys yeah
what's going on guys priest rug here and
today he's with Odell he's about to
confess his sins behind the scenes
guys were so nice we're bringing Chanel
food she's out where it's till like
midnight or 2:00 in the morning so being
a food Chanel like midnight she's here
so to num1 she now just took a break
literally it I'm not even on a break she
took her own break whenever she wants I
good
guys my girlfriend has dreams of me
cheating on her like on a nightly basis
literally
every night and she wakes up kissing
like I did something wrong
but how mad are you at me right now
guys look what she looked up she said
what does it mean when your boyfriend
cheating on you in a dream and is he a
ho
why as I tweeted it out I said my
girlfriend gets mad at me every time she
has a June I cheated on her and people
keep applying things same bro or I hate
that shit yeah everyone's replying
saying yeah same bro I oking watching oh
she really had those dreams but she
doesn't really get mad at me it's
literally nine in the morning breakfast
time and I got steak mashed potatoes and
fries my girlfriend is real she got
breakfast guys my mom's on the phone
with Cammy guys people keep sending me
condoms in the peel box opening videos
but I don't even use condoms I just go
into wrong guys look at this I honestly
feel like crying this is amazing like
all this in like I'd say less than two
weeks like a week and a half I had just
checked the pill box two weeks ago
I checked it again all this are you
kidding me and bloating fell on the
floor I'm so thankful like I get
teary-eyed when I think about it and
Jackie's Eric Bledsoe Jersey that
someone said I'm telling you when she
puts this on mmm yeah you know yesterday
me and Lauren spoke on good terms we
were I was going to hang out with him
and Brian but they went Brian we're
Anaheim yeah they went to Raising Cane's
in Anaheim wallah
still working out and playing basketball
so I was too late for that now I'm about
to go to Hawaiian barbecue to go pick up
some food for me and Brian and then I'm
debating if I should go to the gym
it's a Saturday it's just like kind of a
real up relaxation day my whole
schedules kind of already messed up so
I'm not sure if I do go to the gym
honest to god I think I deserve one day
off I've been charged in like fucking 3
or 4 weeks in a row every single day I
think I deserve one day off I think I'm
on like a 40 day upload sweet lord give
me a break but I'll see you I'll keep
you guys in touch someone set
gummy bears to rub
I hope they're not poisoned because I've
fucking been eating these religiously
for the past like three days bullshit
one more and got one more I'm two for
two better than fucking Brandon Knox
field goal percentage like I said in my
last video in my peel box opening video
man those P o box opening videos fucking
literally make me tear up like it warms
my heart and it's not the fact that I
get the gifts if you watch my last video
you would see I went like on a little
speech not a speech but like a
two-minute rant on just how much I love
you guys and how much you guys mean to
me umm I don't know but I'm gonna go
pick up food for me and Bryan being the
nice brother that I am guys honestly
what the fuck I can't find my phone I
called in the order for the food for me
and Bryan about 15 minutes ago she said
I'll be ready in 10-15 minutes so the
food's already ready and I can't find my
phone I had like I went in my car you
guys this is why I hate 2016 I hate this
generation and I hate myself because we
can't go anywhere without our phone cuz
we're addicted if I was smart I would be
like oh I don't need my phone I'll just
go pick up the food and come back and
look for my phone but every single
motherfucker in this generation
including myself is addicted to their
cell phones Bryan I honestly can't find
it
no I called to order the food while I
was taking a piss so she probably heard
the drops coming out about it where is
my phone watch I bet Rama fund oh my
gosh
right on my bed okay time to go get the
food which is probably cold by now
okay guys so I handed the vinegar salt
pepper I'm done joking guys yeah I
didn't do any sure you're just joking
why'd you take forever guys look at this
bitch so everybody knows how Bosley
hates me right he doesn't go anywhere
with me he doesn't follow me around he
doesn't listen to me look at this oh I
wonder why oh I don't know if has
anything to do with steak chicken and
fucking beef short rib in my room
get out Bosley I don't like that you're
using me for food get out
see doesn't want to get out now okay
fine buzzy let me make you my slave sit
sit
oh now you listen how come your hand oh
yeah give me your other one no no I want
your other hand no the other hand Bosley
I want dog Bosley the other hand come
here okay give me five okay now Bosley I
want you to spin spin spin
fat fuck that's what your name should be
your legal name first name should be fat
last name should be fuck hey what's
going on downstairs
mom telephone what's going on downstairs
hmm either she said shots or thoughts if
she said thoughts then I'll be down
there in a second but uh cuz rug is
playing bass pawn
he's listening to Fetty oh he almost
felt don't want to record that I didn't
record that he almost hates shit but he
has the speaker on the mailbox just
listen to Jimmy Choo slim thick ugly
literally what are you doing there by
yourself mom he's by himself in your
room
ha yeah guys I decided not to go to the
gym because my brother wanted to shoot
around outside so I'm just shooting
around with him my brother
literally hasn't heard of a song he has
it no it's not he has it heard of a song
passed 2006 every song on his fucking
thing is from like 2002 2003 hey guys me
and rug are playing horse and I have hor
so I got two more letters to go my
brother has hrs Sophie misses one more
shot that I make then he's done and i'ma
just record the ending for you guys for
fun so again I got I got two more missed
shots my brother only has one he's on
the verge of death
you
game work work work you see me do me
there there
okay so Jackie's at work but remember
what I said about this song
whenever comes on we made a rule that
wherever she is forced her to twerk on
me so my mother called Jackie and
colored uh
no fake throw up or something in the
bathroom color ball she has to go come
here
he's still not over it yeah no it
doesn't count
guys someone tried to make an escape
outside Bosley get yeah I know
Bosley get back inside guys look at the
sky oh shit
cotton candy sky Brian I have a buzz
he's trying to sneak hey way back in
Bosley it yeah back don't get nope get
back inside you have no leash don't step
out of the garage hey I'm talking to you
Bosley look at me hey go inside go
inside or I'm gonna call you Markieff
Morris okay come let's finish go more
like seth Curry okay guys
you versus Isiah Thomas okey
okay winner Oh fuckin Defensive Player
of the Year
okay brats go on I'm about to end the
vlog right here uh honestly guys if you
watch my videos you've noticed I end the
vlog and then the video goes on for
fucking like two or three more minutes
so I don't know why I say that but in my
head I'm ending the vlog right here but
who knows this video could keep going I
don't know um I just got out the shower
and today Saturday night there's not
much to do i'ma go go get some ice cream
frozen yoga whatever you want to call it
with Jessie she just got off work um and
alright when she get to my Karma play
the song work so you already know but
now I'm just joking sorry imma go meet
up with Jackie and really quickly I'm
just go see what's going on around my
house I think you have Bosley yeah you
have Bosley fucking staring at me of
course cuz he has nothing better to do
rug and his Yeezys where you going oh
god you literally loves them so much he
wears them around the house for real
like I don't know where
going I put them on just where he just
has my wife is prospering I can't wear
Nike socks with easy I forgot it's
against the law
I'm hot wait whoa guys look how nice
Bosley is I was like give me your hand
give me your hand I didn't do hey guys
are matching when aren't we mentioned
except I have nicer shoes than you mind
our skin tight oh and I can't wear a
joggers with Jesus I know
Bosley listen why would you do that he
literally just gone all the dirty towels
and he's about to fall asleep on them
look guys it's my lips the MacDonalds
simple Jackie wants me to stand next to
the sign so she can take a picture and
make it comparison hold on is it guys
it's literally the M from the McDonald's
from
the sign for it
ah
look at this baby listen guys if you
have a girl on her period a banana split
and that the weight let me tell you what
we found out about me I only put a long
time Eber because I'm fat and so on
enough it's not so only one she put one
gummy bear and one gummy worm Bobby if
you okay God Bosley's stop smelling me
he act like I'm a piece of fucking meat
well I am I am I have a piece of meat
but I yo girl and I guess since it was
raining they did a buy one get one free
to try to promote business because
nobody wants yogurt in the rain so I got
one and then Jackie got one after she
had got already on a banana split but we
don't judge
guys my girlfriend is currently putting
on Bosley don't look don't look
Bosley get out babe turn around Bosley
come here come here
it's bad enough Brian looked at her but
you're not fucking seeing anything guys
she's wearing her Eric Bledsoe Jersey
that or Bodley get out close your eyes
oh my god Bosley you fucking ho she's
wearing the egg but so a female teacher
that the guy sent us in the fan mail I
know I thought it would be a little big
wait turn around guys I literally just
saw my blood my girlfriend wearing an
Eric Bledsoe t-shirt look at this bad
happy I can't be the only happy mom
so I just finished washing my face
brushing my teeth you know getting ready
for bed and boom out of nowhere I just
get really hungry like I always get
hungry after I brush my teeth okay guys
so I'm about to go down
I need the Holy Bible okay did you guys
hear that guys it's the ghost I'm just
joking honestly I just fucking scare
myself it's like 2:00 in the morning but
yeah guys I have a fucking habit for
some reason I get hungry after I brush
my teeth it's weird but it always
happens to me I can't be the only one
that happens to write anyways I'm
concluding this vlog for watch spot I
hope you guys enjoy it I love you all
beginning of this vlog I swear I was
tearing up because of my PA box opening
video and I'm double uploading today in
a few hours
Eric Bledsoe did something on Twitter
and you guys are going to see my
reaction to it so tune in to that it's
going to be a shorter video it's not
really interesting but and let's go did
something and I don't want to spoil the
ball fucking crying and you'll see just
tune into my next video with that guys
don't you hate when you buy snacks for
yourself and someone around the house
always eat it like your sibling will get
a lot I just did that to Brian
and bought chips and fucking French
onion dip and pretzels and I'm the
annoying sibling who comes down in each
a while he's asleep then he wakes up the
next morning who's fucking my chips and
I'm gonna be like guys really quick
behind this I'm a rose myself but while
it's the type up to fucking say he's
ending his vlog and continue a video for
like four or five minutes after guys
3:00 a.m. 3:00 in the morning and I'm up
reading 2016 and be mug drafts got Ben
Simmons here hopefully a future Phoenix
Sun when an Ingram said happy Sunday
everybody um I want to give you guys a
little preview of the type of video I'm
uploading to my NBA channel which is in
the description above it's my second
channel but Wallace NBA um I want to
give you guys a little preview of which
video I'm uploading whether that's today
or tomorrow it's going to be up one of
these days so be sure to subscribe to
that channel not only if you like NBA
news and rumors but also if you like
crazy cycle reactions like this one wait
oh my god four seconds left please God
oh my god he missed a layup yes Justin
yes they just they fucking in death they
hit the game-winner fuck me
