Bosley are you ready for this p.o box
opening video are you ready for this p.o
box opening video because I am looking
I'm ready we're about to open all these
boxes but first I need to change because
look what I'm wearing this and hold on
look what I'm wearing under the fucking
the booth the blue shirt - so I can't
have you guys roast me in the comment
section oh and wear that all the time
it's damn comfy it's comfy I'm sitting
at home I got nothing to do is comfy but
I'm a change so I don't get roasted mom
it's just the only outfit I have the
blue Jack and blue shirt I know there's
only one I wear guys so I changed into
the only other thing that I wear a plain
white t-shirt with damn other shorts but
let me start this - your box video by
saying me and mama oh mama mama mama
mama wad is whatever the hell you want
to call it but um I want to talk about
my saying that some of these packages
you guys sent to rug and they were for
me there Freddie already opened them
I've already been open but I haven't
looked inside of them so I'm not sure
who this is from hope you're there to
know inside something son
and now no way down but again guys
so okay next on towel is actually so
nice mom I'm either hanging up in my
wall or I'm using it for what I access
shower that wondered out it doesn't have
a name either guys need to put your name
oh my god
look okay this one was already open but
I hadn't seen it oh my god OMB ad a
someone oh my god in here watch your
senses OOP don't tell me it isn't having
it oh my god this is something I'm cake
what a Phoenix Suns wine okay guys guys
I'm go take the name opera for me go get
the handy out who we drinking tonight
me and Jackie then I'm not going out
ready let me see the box look yeah
that's from Nicholas Leontes no oh my
god god Nina because I remember guys he
sent Nick Leontes has sent so many
things thank you so much wow dude look
there's two wine glasses a knife and a
bottle opener but we're not gonna use
these for wine we're gonna use it for
Henny and Crown oh thank you Nick Nick
thank you so much
oh no no my holder frog guys put your
name anchor tourists from Los Angeles I
thought you liked these pajamas your vid
Thank You Man I appreciate it no thank
you we have a lot of odds with these on
guys
Phoenix Suns pajamas oh oh shit hold on
Thank You Edgar I'll be back
no really not my fans are the best fan
my subscribers I literally have the best
subscriber are you ready guys look oh my
God look at this guy
Phoenix Suns buzzing don't even guys I'm
in love thank you so much Edgar died
uglies young my fuck father see ya
move did you why I'm not right cuz my
mom rushed me father's breath actually
smells like shit ah no you guys should
never brush your teeth in his wife is
our know every month they do oh okay
I'll brush my teeth with me Oh from John
Paul Fraser oh shit oh my god meet me
ere but Clippers we got all these are
laminated to look he made me a Devin
Booker and air blood so laminated
portraits
look guys in case you didn't know here
their butts are Kentuckian here's Devin
Booker drawing up when he was in
Kentucky they both went to college at
Kentucky he says he loves my MBA show
and Markieff Morris sucks
wow I love him already Hey
you're one of three at home it's fine
live I love Brendan my mom raised me
like this so she wants to make fun of me
it's her fault
got a little gift for you and Jackie's
future daughter when you forget to pull
out I always forget to pull out so let's
see what the gift is oh shit oh no my my
god yeah I've never seen this before
a Phoenix Suns Barbie are you kidding me
Bry man I'm Harvey it looks like
Stephanie from fuller house really with
big boobs
oh my god wow thank you so much and she
has a basketball - that's actually so
nice and it comes in handy because I
never pull out okay my mom said because
Ryan's gonna tell what's the love Oh God
pull out mom here you can open
Oh mom hear from Danny Castro from he's
from Cali from California go son it's a
goat sound
Danny Danny he has his own clothing line
so he sent me one of these shirts that
is what's it called
it it's a gravity Beacher's gravity
clothing company it's his own clothing
line
this is dr. Soong nice because you wear
white and I hope you look good in one
yeah why a blue I'll definitely be
rocking this when I go out I don't know
my girl
Thank You Danny Thank You Man appreciate
oh the big box okay where's the other
know how them mean you know way look at
this oh my mom is gonna hate whoever
said this this is fun it's not hanging
up there
no it's hanging up this is from is gonna
like that about his friend
Scotland he's a bull than Patriots fan
oh the bull trout of the playoffs right
now give you a follow on Twitter
definitely Brian we're playing this
tonight guys I don't even need to go to
the gym anymore thank you for ruining my
house last couple of boxes I'm son my
saved a big four lakhs on my pajamas
eat your food he's gotta have I
obviously are such a big ass came on
this oh shit look a Phoenix Suns mom
look this is like oh my god how does
someone pay that God how does someone
actually paint this this is so nice
who's it from
it's from Alison we're from La Mesa
California
Lynnae literally that's so close you're
like 10 15 minute away you're so
clueless
thanks guys the Sun won yesterday I was
so pissed condoms lifestyle I do not use
condoms hey I'm just joking mom how to
use a condom you don't I'm just joking
guys this is all jokes for everyone
who's out there having sex you don't do
it unprotected okay you don't hit it
wrong that's not the way to do it
pull it down no I don't belong I'm just
joking to pull out and just don't go and
wrong the first a but anyways mom it's
not gonna have a name but someone felt
like sending comments oh thank you also
picked up something on how matters I
have
yes sir I know I see like holy crap I'm
gonna have to go shopping I won't check
words from three nice guy my subscriber
got a bed so go watch why the best one
the world I'll kill anybody says I'm
wearing this with my pajamas this is
from from Kevin Flores an Instagram is
Kevin with to n dot Flores mom we're all
aware with my Patronus
oh yeah guys so I started this video
with hey I started this video with a
white t-shirt inaudible shorts now I'm
in a purple son's teacher and Phoenix
and pajamas thank you guys so much
okay we have the first aid kit next oh I
almost needed it there you know what I
don't even need a damn knife okay so I
got to Phoenix Suns little stuff things
I'm going to put on my wall for sure oh
my god mom a Phoenix on lanyard Wow
I'm way oh my god there's actually nice
oh my god they're like so wait what the
hell Choo Eric Bledsoe shirt and up wait
honestly what the hell and I feel
exciting on this gap who is this hold on
wow that's the way Wow
oh my gosh mom this is from Marquis for
a ball go from from something Hawaii
he's from Hawaii he would thank you so
much oh my name is Mark and I'm a big
bedroom why I might be moving to
California for college hopefully we can
play basketball together when I move
there oh one of them who's a v-neck
that's where Jackie and the other one is
for me Jack you got Jackie a Eric
Bledsoe shirt imagine how much hotter
she's going to look at my
eyes now I love it but so good mark
thank you so much okay let me see which
one this is
okay so this one's mine how do you know
cuz Jackie's in the Phoenix oh I can see
her Albania and this one is Jackie's got
on a try Jackie's on hey Brenda hey Bill
oh my gosh guys look
oh my god I didn't know I look this bad
am i Jackie if I was wearing short
shorts I I don't sleep guys just just to
edit video for ya
okay now now that we're blind now that
we're talking serious I have to take the
shirt off yeah I go to a ten out of ten
when she wears regular clothes once she
throws on a Bludso's jersey she took 13
out of ten guys for you guys sometimes I
don't get any sleep sometimes I I miss
classes from school so I can Finnegan
yeah it's for you guys in my whole thing
made my whole life proud to be his son
span I don't know about proud this
season but well I'm hanging this up in
my wall my wall I'm not gonna have any
um what's it called yeah hello Faison
brought us on a big family bat sincerely
Shawn thank you so much Shawn ah Thank
You Shawn guys listen the reason I get
so happy is not because oh I got so many
gifts from you guys I love gifts I'm
gonna go to the reason I get so happy is
because the thought that you guys
actually go out and get these stuff for
me like like you guys see a Phoenix
sensing and you'll have the
automatically think Oh Brandon would
like this or just you guys pay so much
attention to whether what I do like you
guys memorize up it's just like it's
crazy how much people like like I just I
love you guys
- means a lot really it's not the good
stuff thought about you guys actually
like think about getting like doing
suffering this is from Gerardo Rivas
from Dallas Texas
hey the Mavs are Black team better than
my pre-workout pretty workout I love
free workout this is what makes my in
Chang I'm gonna take the whole thing in
one thing and it's the Arnold brand my
name is Marta all the way from Dallas
Texas I enjoy watching your videos they
keep me entertained he's a bodybuilder I
don't know I'm not really a body busy I
was chosen no but I want me to check out
his nutrition I'll definitely do that
Tiger Fitness calm he says all like
cookies and cream thank you so much guys
I'm ending this video right now like I
said I can't believe each list yeah I'm
all this is speechless and it's not the
fact it's not the fact that all the
gifts I got like that people actually
take the time out of their day and to go
get these gifts and send them and think
about me thank you so much I'm about to
go shower myself and all these Phoenix
Suns gifts yeah clean up after I don't
know about that
mom's like clean up he doesn't do
anything for this house okay guys thank
you so much and I hope you guys enjoyed
robot spotted the best one and
before I end this p.o box opening video
guys I just want to say two things one
was when Jackie throws on the Eric
Bledsoe female Jersey I on it I think
it's gonna be impossible for me to be
soft if you know what I mean it's just
not going to be possible so uh what's a
girl know but really on a serious note
the other thing I wanted to say guys I
legit especially today like when I was
downstairs talking with my mom I was
like about to Tara because every time I
open these peel box videos what I don't
show on camera is the letters so you
guys don't see I get all those gifts and
you think those gifts are a lot I get
four times three times as many letters
and I read all those letters look I have
a drawer right there it says fan mail if
you can't read it right there I read all
of those like in bed before I sleep or
just went on board and the fact that you
guys memorized
like the littlest things about my video
it's almost like I don't want to say
because I don't want to sound cocky but
it's like people actually look up to me
and people want to be like me and you
guys just memorize the littlest things
and it's just so surprising to me
because the attention that you guys give
me like it makes me feel like all my
hard work pays off like every time I'm
up till 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning on a
school night editing getting one or two
hours of sleep and you know like I read
those letters or I see these gifts and
it just makes me like it's all worth it
not because the fact that oh I got a
nice clock on my hand and show it off no
it's not about the material it's about
that people actually saw something
Phenix unrelated and thought oh hey bro
what is who's one of my favorite
youtubers would like to say you guys go
out of your way you buy it you send it
you go to the product and I know most of
you guys are younger so you guys can't
drive so you force your family your
parents your friends to drive you places
to get me things and it's just like I
just don't know what to say like I was
left speechless and after every Pio
Boggs video it honestly hits me like
people actually look up to me and it
makes like I don't care how I sound if I
sound like feminine I don't care it
literally makes my heart melt like I
would have never thought like it's just
crazy guys like you won't know this
feeling until it actually happens and
like I said it's not a materialistic
thing you don't look at the gifts and be
like oh that's sick i'ma use this
because it's so tight no you look at it
and be like damn people actually thought
about me and said like I just I don't
know what to say man like you guys are
amazing and honestly I don't want to say
if it wasn't for you guys I'd be nothing
because yeah I have a lot of things in
life going for me but honestly if it
wasn't for you guys I wouldn't have a
smile on my face all the time like why
the how to smile on my face when I watch
son's games but that's a different story
um no anyway that's wrong and thank you
guys so much if I keep talking about
this I'm really going to start tearing
up uh stay in touch with me guys
snapchat Twitter Instagram is on the
description below my name on everything
is bro wat is it's simple guys come on
bruh wadis I'm really active on Twitter
I'll post a lot of pictures on Instagram
and my snapchat stores are always late
I'm not lying to you guys but uh I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I love
you guys all one last thing you guys cuz
I notice a lot of youtubers they spend a
lot of time in their video saying you
know thank you to all my fans and I hope
you guys love this and blah blah I feel
like I don't do that as much because I'm
very sarcastic and I'm very joking
all the time and like I'm hardly ever
serious as you see in my videos but I
hope just because it doesn't come out of
my mouth I hope you guys know that you
guys mean so much to me like I hope I
don't have to say it for you guys to
know it like but if you do need to hear
that I'm telling it to you guys right
now
without you guys I'd be I would not be
like Who I am today and although I don't
say as often I appreciate all you guys
like like guys I can't keep talking
about this I love you guys all
