got this guy's you actually won't
believe what just happened
I was like guys it's like midnight right
now
Brian say hi what's up guys it's like
midnight right now and like me and Brian
had a deal
like oh I'm gonna go get us food I'm
gonna get jack in the box for me and
Brian and so like I'm about to leave and
fucking well we should me and Brian
heard like first we like heard like some
small noises okay whatever and we're
home alone the garage we heard yeah like
kinda from the garage like that okay and
and I was like Brian I need to leave nap
we spoke in here but still of course
steps were so scary I thought Brandon
was not now all how Brian is with me I'm
not staying home alone Helen I'm not
going to Jack in the Box alone so we're
both going to jacket Brendan staying in
that house is worse than ieaving to go
get Jack and oh fuck that guys and you
know me I never mentioned anything about
the ghosts I don't want to say I don't
believe it but just nothing has really
happened to me so why would I say it and
jinx it what was yeah okay so now for me
to say this is actually fucking like
creepy
no that was home let's not forget that
Bosley barked we had balls with overleap
like Bosley never barked when we left
the house right after it was after I
heard the first time I love this
I know we do guys did until foggy
outside oh wait
right there's one rule what me and
Jackie came to an agreement that every
time that song comes on and I play it
that she has to twerk on me
so like Jackie's not here so do you want
me to twerk on you yeah all right and
we'll just do it in the drive-through I
don't know why the drive-through turned
me on I have jack-in-the-box dirty
fetish oh my god guys that was so
fucking scared I know how I'm gonna go
back home by my barbershops right there
you want to sleep there yeah that's I
actually love my barb I've only been
there twice and only my hair Brian yeah
because you don't know how to say the
con and I just told them to try to make
it look nice oh the buttery jackass good
how are you
okay Brian you want 10-piece chicken
yeah what do only two 69 for 10 pieces
let me get um I'll have some of your 10
piece let me get a 110 piece and one
five-piece chicken nuggets what sauce
yeah please and then um one sweet and
sour sauce and uh another sweet and sour
sauce don't copy and then can I get
Brandi one spicy chip I said please is
she good okay Brian want spicy cheese
sandwich or regular oh please what do
you get Brian I get fucking regular
healthy spices oh okay can I get on one
regular chicken sandwich and one spicy
chicken sandwich please
and does that come with me oh yes it
does it comes in my own and then um and
then oh what fries did you want me girly
curly curly medium curly curly is more
money
Aiko's okay and one medium curly fries
and um you see and then they're spinning
in
ah and one hmm what does the jumbo jack
come with Britain literally vlogs
everything on life and then just just
the yeah jumbo jack with cheese and
that's it yes ma'am really Thank You Man
appreciate appreciate it
Brennan she's gonna spit in our food
water is too lame right what about my
card
what photo um I don't have mine mine
Brennan you're so stupid
oh it's right here oh fuck
careful look up and pick your legs up
don't step on my bottles lookout dirty
my fucking car is literally if I turn
those into the governor or whatever the
fuck you get the money out of me like
$200 guys I want to see Brian's reaction
to Brian what's up eating a fly just
nothing fat bug I asked Brian if he
remembers the Sun song oh my god five
messages from Jackie then we've not a
good line just joking but I fixed the
fucking camera ah let's see bad reaction
to this song let's see if he know she
almost crashed he see us
hey what is it take it you have to sing
it hold on thank you go ahead remember
the lyrics it's just too much I don't
know I forgot hello look no I remember
the first word should I do uh with that
video game called again autozone no
what's a video game called san andreas
what since it no hurry Renta thumb oh
great the thought I should I go get the
follow-through these fucking things
alive step ah for the fact that there
were like a billion cops I know I've
seen I've seen like at least three P
three cops pulling people over today and
like next well would you shut the fuck
up all I'm driving and tell me when we
get back home oh oh I'm so fuckin right
out so funny I imagine guys if you saw
my snapchat story
I'll leave my friend Ollie got um got
out of his car and started dancing in
the middle of the stoplight in front of
everybody and if you notice he quickly
got back in the car
he pretty much dove back in the car
oh you're fucking stupid and guys you
didn't see it in the snapshot because I
stopped recording because I got scared
but on the other side of us a cop
stopped in the middle of the road roll
his window down said get back in the car
and pointed his fucking arm out the
window I Ollie so if you watch that
snapchat all he literally dope it makes
it so much funnier and I wanted to
record that that shit went viral when it
went viral
but I got fucking so scared when I saw
the cop that I quickly put my phone down
but obviously when I'm editing who I'm
gonna see what I'm reading guys there's
my window up there and I don't want to
look at it because I'm literally
frightened that we're gonna sense all
black shot right shut the fuck up no you
did not
if you saw a black shadow I'm sleeping
in your bed okay I don't mind naked
that's better okay guys we're actually
going in oh we're going in raw Brian
don't did you ride my husband bored well
no we left the light on beginning I was
John hopefully the ghost is camera shy
yeah you know I actually got more scared
than that than you did oh shit the ghost
ordered pizza guys mother fucker from
jack-in-the-box we ordered two chicken
sandwich one spicy one regular and she
put one in a box and wanted that without
any labeling that says which one is
spicy or not so Brian honest you know
all like I'll catch it better be not
spicy
no Konami nope I'm not fake like the
judges on Food Network the judges on
Food Network literally the food touches
their tongue and they go mm-hmm it
literally touches the tip of their
fucking Tom Brian I think that wasn't
regular try that and tell me if it's
spicy very spicy
wait why did you have tomatoes I need
know what the fuck okay so I burn I
think she gave the wrong one
so now on did she probably spit in our
food which gave the wrong you split up
guys what did you just find in your
sandwich that's definitely not mayo
that's literally what just came out of
me like two hours ago but listen Brian
oh shit
tomatoes oh shit tomatoes okay okay oh
my god
let us pray I to lay on the lettuce it's
not Mayo why it's a joke let's give it a
little a little taste fine oh shit
literally tomato
see I thought a movie I'm gonna go
upstairs please please why guys I'm no
chef or anything I'm not no fucking chef
boyardee but all I know is that chicken
nuggets are not supposed to be mushy
like fucking baby food Brian that shit's
nasty like did you you didn't ranch
it's literally like I squid I thought
they were gross at first Cuban I think
they're the best chicken yeah probably
the most unhealthiest guys this games
fucking ridiculously crazy okay see blue
a 25-point lead including a 17-point
fourth quarter lead and this is if you
recall just a couple of days after Seth
Curry went into OKC and murdered them
where they also gave up a double-digit
lead in the fourth quarter like two
losses within this time frame to
literally out tragic losses like if I
was okay see fan I don't know if like I
would have killed myself after these two
losses that's actually crazy to top it
off their next game at Golden State so I
feel bad for them they I don't know
well I don't know if I feel bad for them
because the suns are 15 wins I'm 46
losses but still guys Jackie brought
this shit for me at 6:30 p.m. it's now
2:00 in the morning it's been almost
eight hours with the fucking Jamba Juice
and tastes expired but mmm so good guys
look at the time it's almost 5:00 in the
morning I just finished editing my video
for it that's gonna be up later today I
haven't slept a single minute
um I don't class in a few hours so I
need to get some rest
I do this for you guys I do this for you
guys you guys bruh watch while I do this
for you guys but it's honestly time to
go to bed I'm again just a couple hours
of sleep but it's all good because just
because it's all good because it's all
good and um yeah Sun still sucked good
morning for one squad I'm running on
like three hours of sleep but I don't
care because it's time to get my day
started I wanted to clear things up
because people are just having the wrong
interpretation about this whole
situation between me and Lauren's and
that makes sense because if you were
speaking to us face to face person in
person you would understand but I guess
things come out wrong from the mouth I
guess on YouTube people view things
differently or whatever but me and
Lawrence are good the fact of the matter
is we got in a little argument just like
all friends do it dragged on a little
longer than it should have which is
stupid of both of us because we're both
adults like we're not 10 years old
we shouldn't have dragged it out we
talked over the phone I don't want to
say apologize because we're both
stubborn but we just settled shit and
now we're good so like it's none of that
oh I'm too busy for Lawrence none of
that oh I've got a girlfriend so I don't
have time for Lawrence no we're gonna be
hanging out more just like old times
probably seeing them on Fridays for my
vlogs who knows hanging out with him and
Bryan argument is settled and it was
what it was friends get in arguments all
the time but I just want to clear that
up it's no hate on Lawrence and he
didn't hate on me and also um for his
Q&A when he mentioned oh yeah I think we
don't hang out anymore because he has a
girlfriend it came out wrong and a lot
of people were hating on me but I don't
think that was Lawrence's intentions not
one time did I watch and say oh fuck
Lawrence she tried to make me look bad
no it came out as making me look bad but
I don't think that was Lawrence's
intentions at all and my video was not
bashing him so uh that's it it's done
with no keemstar if you're watching this
we don't need you but uh no really we're
over we've been friends we've been
homies best home it's not just homies
for years and years and years you really
think one argument one small argument is
gonna I know the argument about him
talking shit about the sons I saw that
in the fucking car
in section if I gone to arguments about
people talking shit about the sons and I
don't think I'd have any friends did has
every single one of my friends talks
shit about the sons and rightfully so
motherfucking worst team in the league I
just got back from school today guys
shorter date today I got out like 310
3:15 fine Oh
Kanye himself took off the Dean of Jesus
the man himself with it
his cunt I mean so happy I said his
Connie its Yeezys his Easy's came in the
fuck way remember what I said today go
play basketball yeah I told him I said
he's gonna go out and play basketball
outside on the blacktop right like
scooters or motor scooters we used to
stop ourselves like yeah can you do that
with your knees and go play basketball
at the park and go fucking play flag
football in the mud in the mud rain what
are we cooking up today good food
brother
my dad's barbecuing brother it's time
dad open the grill it's time bonsly come
on oh you're on the menu today hey mom
oh shit that what is this chicken
marinated orange chicken and love our
fake and sausage
Brian's ba boola on the grill ah my dad
that it's too big
thank you Ron appreciate it because my
mom's watching my video of how to be rug
actually so funny it's funny
this is my piece dad whose piece is that
lion Brian okay guys I just uploaded my
second video to my bruh wadis NBA NBA
show channel I haven't really been
promoting this channel enough recently
but the link is actually in my
description so um if you guys are
interested in subscribing to that
channel do it the links in my
description below
NBA show i talked about NBA rumors
predictions reacting to game just
everything NBA that's my bro wadis NBA
channel link is in the description below
guys so i just finished watching the
phoenix suns lose to the miami heat in a
game way devin booker scored a
career-high 34 points he was being
guarded by two players and i want to
talk about that really quick half the
game he was being guarded by Dwyane Wade
who's a legend and the other half of the
game he was being guarded by justice
Winslow who is known for his defense and
a lot of you guys you guys trashed me
when I said I would take Devin Booker
over justice win so let me just tell you
this really quick he was guarding Booker
half the game Booker scored 34 you want
to know how many points justice Winslow
scored 9 points also like it was it was
an amazing game for Devin Booker 34
points career high use 19 years old I
don't know how many more times I have to
say that um another thing I was getting
a bunch of tweets saying haha the suns
lost like blah blah like it was an
insult baby let's go every suns every
Suns loss is a blessing for me Ben
Simmons let's go Ben Simmons to Phoenix
you guys act like I care when the Suns
lose now no I'd be pissed if they won at
this point so you guys tell me that the
Suns losses none and so I honestly would
rather have them lose at this point Ben
Simmons we need you now I'm just joking
am i joking no I'm not fucking joking we
need Ben Simmons I'm actually ending the
vlog right now I do hey mom I do hope
you guys enjoy I'm ending the vlog
because it is time to watch the Warriors
and thunder dad my dad's taking a dad
where are you
my dad's taking a shit taking a break
from watching the game dad who's winning
today Warriors are thunder
guys I feel bad for OKC their last two
losses the one against the Warriors last
week and the one against the Clippers
last night work man they were fucking
heartbreaking so I think I don't think
they're going to win this game I think
it's like in their head those two
heartbreaking losses were a little too
much to overcome but
guys Devin Booker let's not forget he's
trending on Twitter right now he's
actually trending so that's pretty crazy
he had an awesome game um also uh I'm
not the biggest Lakers supporter if you
know me is so it's kind of hard for me
to do this but I'm a man of my word I
give credit where credit is due and
DeAngelo Russell the past four or five
games he has been a beast he's been on
fire on aside from that thirty nine
point game he's been dropping over 20
every other game past four or five games
so hey I might not like the Lakers but I
don't like any other team in the league
I'm a Suns fan but you got to give
credit when credits do
teondra Russell has been a beast the
past four or five games but karl-anthony
towns is still the fucking best rookie
right now so goodbye move guys a month
sent B's in fan mail and hopefully
they're not poison to me and Jackie I've
been snacking on them
