what's going on guys face rug here and
today what's going on guys Facebook here
and today I'm the bring you guys another
Call of Duty video what is going on you
guys face drug here - dammit bring you
guys another vlog what's going on you
guys
faze rug here and today I bring you guys
another challenge video what is going on
you guys faze drug here and today I'm
gonna bring you guys another prank
what's going on you guys faze rug here
and today I'm gonna be you guys another
Q&A what is going on our phase drug here
and today I'm gonna be bringing you guys
another peel box opening video ya guys
so today's vlog I'm gonna be doing
absolutely nothing but I like to walk
around the house oh look at that look at
that one Mill plaque guys buuuut I can't
thank you enough it's actually beautiful
but I was gonna walk around the house
recording my mom making breakfast and
maybe record my dog for a little and
then okay guys so a lot of people I mean
ask me why I haven't been doing a lot of
call duty to elution me and honestly
guys call duty is just kind of boring
now like I just black-op six it's just
like black ops four and black ops ten
and fucking I like phases just like
expanding you know we like to hang out
our friend and you know call duty is
just kind of boring but I'm gonna be
making call the reveal forgot today so
hope you guys enjoy but yeah guys called
duty it's kind of boring recently so if
only there was something that can make
me be in the mood to play some Call of
Duty oh wait oh my god the latest flavor
of G fuel gamma man this stuff is magic
guys every time not in the mood to make
a call Duty video you know just like a
couple of scoops of this and you're on
you're good to go
oh shit
hmm oh good hmm
let's go hit some quick shot with a head
on to talk today and oh well play up
yeah I'll go hey oh hey oh God face up
yeah guys today I'm gonna be doing a
challenge with my dad I yeah guys today
so I'm gonna be doing this challenge of
my mom okay guys so today I'm gonna be
doing a child of my brother
sup guys go sons okay guys today I'm
going to be doing a challenge with
Bosley so today I'm gonna be doing a
challenge with my cousin Anthony and
today I'm gonna be doing a child of my
cousin Stephanie and today I'm going to
be doing a challenge with my cousin
Chanel today child we're gonna involve
my cousin Jessica and today child video
I'm gonna be doing this video with my
cousin Clint rug where the fuck are your
friends ya guys so if you want to verse
me in daily uh NB it you know like
FanDuel you can find a use code rug and
we can go against each other and FanDuel
and just fandoms Vivian I love Kendall I
play FanDuel every single day and I'm
definitely not only saying that because
they're forcing me to say in a video I
really love FanDuel and I just like I
love people who play against me fandom
if you play against me and FanDuel like
I bet you can't beat me and I'm not only
saying that to force you guys to sign up
I really bet you can't be damn guys so I
see a lot of sick Nikes here for around
100 $120 they're really really nice some
of them are like $75 but you know what
my swag is on a whole nother level
let's go Yeezys do it
oh my god
oh my god guys it's like 4:00 in the
morning right now and I just had just
gone to sleep and the fucking sleep
paralysis happened again I fucking I
can't believe it guys it's honestly the
worst thing ever and this ghost stuff
really needs to stop because ghosts I
might be 19 but I'm scared shitless of
you over you guys I'm gonna go down now
we're gonna go we're gonna finally catch
this ghost we're gonna fuck this goes up
okay oh shit the fan just turned on by
itself oh my gosh oh my god did you guys
just hear that did you hear that buzzing
okay guys about this I got ice on my
wrist and we're ready to go ghost
hunting oh my god did you guys hear that
oh my god did you guys just hear that
I'm stupid so I'm gonna keep going
downstairs you gotta figure this out oh
my god oh my god guys I think I see
something
wait let me check the camera in the
garage okay we're clear there oh my god
guys I think I see something hold on oh
my god it's right there it's right there
stop name of the Father oh my god Jesus
Christ just oh my god stop stop
enough of this enough stop right there
stop guys okay he seems to have frozen I
finally caught the ghost oh my god
so this is what's been doing you all
along what is going on you guys phase
out here and today I'm gonna be doing a
peel box opening video for you guys um
let's see what the first package is see
it's a knife thank you so much man I
really do appreciate it
oh dang guys another knife thank you so
much who's this from you don't have a
name but dude thank you so much it
actually means a lot to me hello the
other guys
okay guys I have like three more
packages so let's see if I can like get
something other than a knife no no I
appreciate all the knives don't name
your own with it oh oh golden knife okay
honestly what guys yeah I have used that
song in every single video for the past
ten years
I don't give a fuck because my favorite
song in the hotel world in tintin tintin
Dan in in in in well right now just
touchdown in London
but they give me a pan then I put the
money in my yeah guys so I'm going to
this la viewing party my Oscars party no
looking spiffy um yeah I'm not like not
really big on like dressing in suits and
stuff but god I look fucking good now I
trying to thank my cousin for bringing
to these parties because I get to meet a
lot of cool people for the love of God I
met Diplo like fuck Diplo hopefully I've
heard bro wah this might be at this
party so hopefully I get to meet him but
I don't know if we'll be able to get in
so who knows but yeah these parties are
so cool like red carpet everything so
god I just feel like going through my
brothers tour
oh hey I get a lot of these in the peel
box open view I never really opened one
oh man I wonder what those are used for
Brandon what but I get a lot of these in
my toolbox the opening video I never
really like what are these Brian are you
fucking stupid get on my room no ban it
I'm serious I've never used it on the
world like what are those for
Brian they're fucking for when you have
sex you don't make baby rug and you
don't fucking get STDs oh I knew that
it's a prank dude I fucking knew that I
use mine all the time
obviously do you do what time is it Oh
time to jack off to Kylie Jenner
can't wait my favorite time of the day
they're serving up Gary's way
oh man
oh shit more cleavage oh no mom cryin
beating you meet again just a prank it's
just a prank it's a prank I swear
sighing she's bad as fuck please get out
so I can finish no problem okay whatever
man-- I'm sleepy it's time for bed
hopefully I have another one of those
dreams again man I love those dreams
oh man who knows maybe one day dreams
will come true oh my god guys so my
brother just told me that the love of my
life
I mean on my brother just told me that
Jackie's coming over you know his
girlfriend girlfriend Jackie uh oh I'll
be right back okay oh I do you see there
oh yeah so yeah it's just it's just
Jackie it's just my feel like my
brother's girlfriend are no big deal
here
yeah I'm not trying to impress anyone by
honor I'm just gonna like be shirtless
with my gold watch and I Louis Vuitton
wallah but not like I just do this
everyday I'm not trying to impress
anyone it's not like any one importance
coming over
oh my god
guys she's here she's here I mean oh
yeah guys so I'm just continuing my vlog
my brother's girlfriend just got here
yeah it's just no like you know uh
Jackie Jackie can you come in here
really quick I need help fixing a wire
that's under my desk which required you
to bend over so yeah please come help me
baby Jesse hey Jackie um oh hey Jackie
so can you please fix the wire under the
table hey you wanna come oh you're not
good at fixing wires um oh oh uh I just
dropped my cool you mind bending over
and getting that for me please
then fine I'm not gonna do this for you
because I know what you do in these
great hands that I have so no oh you
don't want to pick it up for me okay um
do you mind like God just you just
fucking mind bending over please I just
want to look at your ass that's honestly
so rude of you to ask me to do how am i
rude Jackie you know what I'm just get
out of my room Jackie I don't want to
see you anymore well that didn't go too
well I mean uh no I was fucking up I can
just pick my perfume up myself it's all
good I'm gonna try this again oh hey
Jackie Hey
uh Jackie uh sup girl uh yeah I just
wanted to do the outro with you like
that's all how many times I gotta tear
that it's the combo touch I'll fuck you
right have you walking from oh my god
even better than what I imagined whoo
whoo that was a bubble but oh my god
what's that it's a prank it's a prey oh
it's a prank what somebody it's okay
what yeah it's a prank
you're friends with the prank
damn cray cray can't wait for this prank
oh my favorite prank of them all prank
hat prank
mom it's a prank I swear to prank it's a
prank I knew to prank it's like I was
right now oh camon I'm fine great prank
it's a different yeah these type of
videos have been doing really good and
like I just enjoy making them for you
guys so like I'm gonna keep doing them
and I hope you guys enjoy this video
okay guys so that was my video for the
day I hope you guys enjoyed let's try to
smash 10,000 likes guys it's bro waters
here now it's Brandon aka your boy broke
waters and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video of how to be phase rug so you know
I know rug has a lot of fans you got a
lot of subscribers I'm sure a lot of
people look up to him so if you're one
of those people just be sure to follow
this video and you can be just like your
idol rug thank you guys for watching
bras squad on now
