I didn't even see it I went okay so
Brandon's trying to go I said Ben
there's no way you're going with sandals
so I went to the car can I talk oh my
the wheels of the car underwater and
like my whole shoe blown the waters have
to go barefoot yeah all those allowed to
take a seat look we had to put the lamp
over there
guys this is San Diego it never ever
raved like this I'll be right back okay
I don't know this hey it's cool I don't
care
my whole foots about to go in there
water look this is cool look my foots
underwater he's tired his tires are on
the water this is cool
my whole foot yo guys saw a guy in the
car with Dennis and we're about to go
home but there's no way I'm gonna leave
without showing you guys how my car
looks in that puddle I swear to god the
car was like weird
Dennis it looked like it was drowning
here sensors were going crazy I
fell like a bowl should I try it so that
we could film it and they could see it
yeah well even if the car gets ruined is
it worth it for the bulan squad yeah for
sure
oh my gosh I'm so stupid but I want you
guys to see this when I was looking at
it with my own eyes I was like there's
no way by oh my god the car is
underwater
his car is underwater
oh no I swear the cars on I go look
we're still getting stuck thank you for
opening the door man I didn't know the
whole car goes on there we're so done
why don't we do that guys let me just
say for those who don't live in San
Diego it's so rare to see rain like this
in San Diego it never rains and even if
it does maybe a little bit of sprinkles
and that's it but today it's like that
guy Steele yo guys I have extremely bad
news for you guys bad news for me today
was supposed to be my first game of the
season the basketball league was
supposed to start today but the roof of
the arena that we play it I guess it has
a leak so the courts were well or
whatever I'm not sure I'm extremely
upset guys you know me I've been waiting
for this moment to play my first game
now I have to wait till next week but
don't you worry because instead of
playing my first game now me and events
are about to go to the gym and play some
basketball
so just get my game I cancel it doesn't
mean we're not playing so I'm still
gonna go play
I feel bad why you prepared so much rule
number one Gatorade we're getting roll
mall Gatorade I can you answer the phone
a little bit nicer please okay thanks
so I was wondering because like you know
how we were all supposed to go play
basketball but then it's raining so like
are we still gonna go Romel come on no
no cause they're gonna say it's leaking
and then we can go
I know I know but I like playing down to
my competition so playing against you is
good oh I swear Brandis tires were
underwater to get a haircut man see it's
so easy to convince role model to play
that's all you just got to talk a little
bit and we're Melon better than you
let's go I can beat you oh really
I'll be their thing oh really hey I
don't believe lies
so you're telling me that you don't know
cardd I do are we gonna have to have a
talk Dennis no no no no I know her okay
what does she look like hot she is bad I
think it's outrageous
but good ratchet though cardi big bright
on on this
for those who don't know my best friend
Dennis he's from Chicago so to make him
happy um where's the guy from that
singing the song cha cha this is worth
food
it's McDonald's it's worth it listen
guys this is one of the worst days in
San Diego in the whole cameras you know
so we're gonna steal my car the keys are
literally inside and tongue law yes I'll
go get it
no no it's fun it's fun and you know
what I just remembered so did they
invent something for days like this
where you could go home and still get
your food and it's called uber
yeah so why the hell did we come town
we're not lazy baby we're dedicated yeah
you're right we got to work for
McDonald's ubereats makes me believe
mm-hmm
even though we use that reality every
day man like who does it
you would think we're feeding a family
of 10 stops and being let's go walking
on Dennis he left his door opened
what are you doing come on Dennis okay
fine
when we waxed in his chest incident we
did it all wrong he actually got a huge
burn on his chest I feel so bad he
doesn't want to show but it's literally
purple and I'm scared of my say there is
no life in my at least you always
remember that moment both your boys wax
every channel I was a girl my shoe
so Romel over here this guy doesn't have
a speaker in his car I do have a speaker
fixing the amplifiers so how we gonna
listen to cardi B now oh I can play I
can sing it for you go mm elf you saying
me cardi B I think I'll start doing so
to you bro six and a half hours later
you're gonna think I'm crazy right now
but you're gonna think dennis is just as
crazy
so it's 3:40 3:00 in the morning it's
almost 4:00 a.m. right now and look
who's awake come through boat so guys
it's almost 4:00 in the morning right
and I woke up and we have leftover
McDonald's because we ordered so much
food earlier and so I was about to eat
it by myself because I woke up starving
I don't know why in the middle of the
night I smelled it no I said you know
what I'm not mean I'm a fair person so
just in case dennis is awake
somehow I'll ask them to see if you
wants to come have some dinner or
breakfast brunch whatever it is right
now so I texted dentist this guy's also
awake well I don't know if either way
he's gonna like have wish are you right
oh man I think so I texted anything yo
bro you want to come eat just to be nice
I didn't think this guy was actually
gonna be awake if you reply someone many
thing oh yeah I'll try to come eat but
um we're about to eat some leftover
McDonald's House 4:00 in the morning
that is how are you awake I was not
expecting a text back at this time so
you're just gonna be nice yeah I'll just
like that it's to not to be real yeah
listen
oh we only have to watch it yeah but I
was just trying to be nice so that when
you woke up later on I can go bro I
tried to get you to communion but you
were asleep it turns out you're away
so what if I asked you what if I
messaged you right now saying Dennis I'm
dying bro I need help I'm having a heart
attack would you have came I say had
some respect bro I'm sleeping
but what if I say I'd McDonald's trying
to come I respect you hey okay okay hold
on hold on or not
we said let's eat the McDonald's okay
can you please take three steps forward
No 1 2 3
well wait turn on slowly put your hands
over your head and turn around slowly
but we should have watched your
heartbeats principal okay hold on hey I
know my rights okay fine bye Danny
just eat it I don't care about put in
the microwave I don't get what you're
talking about Dennis what okay so you
tell me you grew boobs and there's
nothing inside your shirt Danny I
invited you to have dinner or breakfast
whatever it is not to sleep in my bed
hey where's my blanket
you really will let me leave at this
time to go home hey are you gonna drive
safe if you go home at this time why
should he just spend the night
no because it's raining and there's
traffic I think just spend the night row
yeah yeah and I want you to put gas and
stuff oh you know you're straight bull
just go to sleep here I'll sleep on the
couch who spent the harder 25 cents on
this I did know you did it oh my gosh
someone breaking into my house Danny
don't move I know but I heard a lot more
things going on since you grabbed them
let me see well if you at least let me
see what that is you could have it maybe
Dennis that's the whole pack okay just
take it if it means you're gonna leave
then just take it if it means you're
gonna leave my house take my whole house
bro I don't mind just go I'm tired now
starting any copyrighted for what your
voice sound like our DB row a little you
got like the looks I'll have the time of
the lips hey mom when you watch this
video I know you don't think that I
could do my own laundry but look who's
here wait did you not have enough
Oh Richard no I and this is your that I
stole from here
hey beau I'm still bummed out that my
basketball game got canceled
mom you always Tommy hey I respect you
though why you're flipping them back
inside out when the Sox are like this
and you flip them like oh how would we
care for what the Versace sure actually
no I swear to be careful with the
Versace's really yeah I suppose like
Hardy be clean
where you gonna show everyone the secret
me this is my secret recipe I think it's
time that you guys know you put one
scoop and a little bit more it's okay
for the tie to go on your clothes just
cuz you have a white jacket and the tide
is blue it's actually okay for it to
touch don't worry
now you get the softener oh yeah with
the plenaries fault okay that's what you
don't do brand dad
Dennis go see more of my damn stuff and
the man hey yous admitted on camera you
stole my frigging Dhoni
I was joking I'm an entertainer now I
have to choose on it
yo guys I know it's like 5:00 in the
morning and I should really be asleep
right now but you guys all know me I
can't go to sleep without my nightly
dose of ESPN you know watching
highlights and just seeing what's going
on in the basketball world and I also
can't go to sleep without reading
Phoenix Suns articles for those who
don't know if you're new to this channel
not only do I love watching basketball
and playing basketball but I love
reading about basketball one of my
hobbies is just reading articles so I
know it's really really late and I'm
about to start working on my video but
before I get to working on my video it's
basketball article time and basketball
watching time honestly by the time I
finished reading the basketball articles
and then start editing my video I might
have to pull all-nighter tonight I don't
think I'm gonna end up going to sleep
but it's all good because me and all my
friends are playing basketball in the
morning well it already is the morning
but me and all my friends are playing
basketball later on so I'm excited for
that
