got this all right what is going on you
guys Brandon here aka Broadus and if you
couldn't tell from the title above this
is not gonna be a vlog challenge pranks
on me any of that this is more of a
serious video explaining why me and
Lawrence do not hang out anymore
okay so if you watched Lawrence's last
video it was a Q&A and one of the
questions was why don't you and Brandon
hang out anymore
well actually before I start this video
I just want to say that Lawrence is my
boy
Lawrence's my friend so whatever I say
during this video don't take it with the
intention of me trying to make Lawrence
look bad or don't don't like I'm not
trying to make Lawrence look bad at all
I'm not trying to throw shade at him at
all I'm just telling you guys facts of
the story like so don't think no
Lawrence is my boy I'm telling you guys
straight up right now I love that dude I
love Lawrence so I'm gonna say how it is
so one of the questions in its Q&A was
why don't you and Brandon kick it
anymore and his answer was his answer
was it's not because he's busy it's not
because he's busy with school he only
goes two days a week it's not because we
have opposite schedules it's because of
it it's because he has a girlfriend and
to me I mean I'm saying this in the
nicest way I felt like that was bullshit
because although that plays a part in it
there are many reasons why we don't kick
it anymore and he failed to mention the
other reasons he left it at that and I
feel like that's not fair to me because
it makes me come off as a douche and
it's not fair to my girlfriend because
she has never like tried to control me
and tell me who to hang out with or who
not to hang out with so I'm gonna tell
you guys the real reason so um yeah I
wouldn't be addressing this if I didn't
like I was just sitting here and I got
my Twitter mention started blowing up
people telling me like people calling me
a dick for cutting off a friendship over
a girl and people tell me Oh bros before
hoes and in my head I'm like wait what
what just happened till one of them said
watch Lawrence's video he pretty much
called you whip for your girlfriend and
you cut off your friendship for that I'm
like well I watched Lawrence's video and
you guys saw the part
Brandon why we don't really hang out
anymore and I'm probably answer for you
guys
this I'm just being real I'm not like a
kind of illustrator
whatsoever but the main reason why me
and Brandon don't hang out anymore is
because he has a girlfriend it's not
really because he has school or on
different schedules he goes to school
two days out of five days and I have
free time I'm always like hanging out
with Brian I used to kick both of them
at the same time but I would mainly say
that we don't keep it anymore just
because he has a girlfriend and I Shawna
cleared up because I just got off a
55-minute phone call with Lawrence where
we talked about him we came to an
agreement that he maybe shouldn't have
answered that question like that because
although that some truth that's not the
full truth here's the reason why
so me and Lawrence would kick it a lot
you know we'd see we would see each
other multiple times we would go out to
eat and stuff and then I got a
girlfriend so what's expected with
adding somebody into your life it's
expected that you you might see your
friends a little less so let's say I'll
seem Lawrence like four times a week
that got cut down to once or twice a
week but we were still on good terms and
we would still see each other so on I
mean every true friend note like they're
not gonna complain like a girlfriend is
a human being it's not just it's I'm not
getting a stray dog a girlfriend is not
a stray dog where you make your
girlfriend and throw her on the side of
the road and still hang out with all
your friends no you gotta like cut down
on a little and make time to hang out
their girlfriend because as an important
piece that Lawrence's in my life as my
best friend Jackie is also an important
piece in my life
um as my girlfriend so you got to make
time for the both of them which is why
we did not stop hanging out because of
Jackie I did not cut off any friends
because of Jackie Jackie had nothing to
do with this if the question was why did
you I'm Brandon used to kick it a lot
but you kicked it kinda less when he got
a girlfriend then it would make sense
because he got a girlfriend and he had
to make time for her but the question
was why did you and Brandon stop kicking
it there's a smaller reason of you know
my school
started it when me and him would hang
out a lot I wasn't in school I was on
break I'm going to school almost
full-time I also used to not take
YouTube as seriously as I do now I've
been doing daily uploads and it's grot
like it's it's a tough task I'm staying
up all night I barely get any sleep
trying on before you guys so yeah
there's a small reason that I'm busy but
I'm not a bullshitter I could have made
time to hang out with Lawrence if I
wanted to and here's the real reason
that I didn't want to talk about but
like it needs to be said because now
people are assuming that I cut off
Lawrence as a friend because of my
girlfriend which is not the case not
that type of person we just got off the
phone with it about this I'm not gonna
go into detail because I feel like some
things as a vlogger and Lawrence being a
blogger are privacy we have no privacy
everything we do is on record everything
we do is on YouTube but I still feel as
if some things need to be a little
private so I'm gonna mention that we got
in an argument but I'm not gonna say
what the argument was about all you guys
need to know is that me and Lawrence got
an argument on January 18th so about a
month and a half ago and after that
argument
I got no text from Lawrence no call from
Lawrence I got no contact from Lawrence
for one whole month and to me I was like
I was pretty bummed out like I didn't
see him for a month
I got no text no call I don't want to
say he ignored me but he just didn't
talk to me over this argument so the
fact that he didn't mention that in his
video is kind of like it's kind of
shitty to me because now I have all
these people in my mentions some people
actually unsub to me from YouTube saying
oh I'm not watching anymore you chose
your girl over a boy like that's that's
bullshit you don't do that I didn't do
that I might tell you guys straight up
i'ma take the fall in that once I made
Jackie my girlfriend yes I saw Lawrence
a little less but that did not
completely stop us from hanging out we
were still talking every day and maybe
not seeing each other every day but we
would still see each other on occasion
and we were on good terms but that's
expected when someone gets a girlfriend
you can't get a girlfriend and just have
the same exact schedule as you had
before you're adding a huge piece into
your life
so yes we cut down hanging out but he
would still be in my vlog boots still go
out and stuff the reason why we haven't
kicked it out all over from January 14th
to March 1st and I feel like he should
have mentioned that in his answer
because it's a huge part of the answer
if not the biggest the main reason to
why we don't hang out because we got in
an argument and me and Lawrence both
know that we're stubborn so we both made
no effort to see each other we ignored
each other and I know that shitty of two
best friends to do but I feel like it's
even a shittier thing to do to blame it
all on me and my girlfriend because it
makes it seem like I'm cutting off
friends for a girl and I don't do that
like you see me hang out with Ollie and
Jordan why because we didn't get in an
argument now because I like I have a
girlfriend whether I hang out only and
or whether I see Lawrence so I'm not
trying to throw shade at Lawrence at all
I'm not trying to make him look bad so I
don't want any comments saying oh fuck
Lawrence he tried to make you look bad
when that wasn't the truth no all I'm
saying is simply that um when the
question was asked why do you and
Brandon not kick it anymore
his answer instead of oats because you
got a girlfriend he even mentioned he
said oh and he's not really busy with
school he only goes two days out of five
I'm sorry two three four or five days
I'm so almost going full time so I don't
know I felt like that was uncalled for
by him the real or the main reason is
because of that argument and I don't
want to say what the argument is because
like I said some things don't need to be
put on YouTube or social media some
things can be kept between yourself but
that's the reason and like we agree we
just got off the phone my first time
talking to him in a month and a half
like yes I understand it's bullshit that
two best friends didn't talk over a
small argument but I feel like at even
bullshitter it's even worse that the
first time we talked was over a answer
that he gave to a question not fully
telling the truth um so yeah let me just
run this through before I end this video
you know I've been getting a million
comments me and Lawrence both why don't
you guys kick it anymore
and I mean I'm answering that right now
he answered it in his way saying that um
it's because I got a girlfriend my
girlfriend
babe would you ever make me cut one of
my friends off honestly I don't want to
hear about this because I've never put
Brendan in a situation where I feel like
he needs to change his friends or like
ever I have it I encourage him to hang
out with Lauren that is your argument
all the time I encourage that and it
didn't happen because we both didn't
want to talk to each other so that's not
my problem I don't know why minutes take
you need some but that is not why I
don't kick anymore because I still kick
it with my other friends it's because we
got in this argument and we're both
stupid were both stubborn so we haven't
settled the argument and that's why and
I just don't get why he wouldn't mention
that in this video but but yeah imma
take some fun in this too when I started
dating Jackie I cut down on seeing
Lauren's but I like that's expected like
I said you get a girlfriend and you
don't throw her on the side of the
street like that's your girl that's like
especially at my age you're 20 years old
like the girl that you're dating is not
just oh let me just hang out there no
like this is serious when you're dating
at 20 years old like this girl is
actually something serious you have
plans with her for the future and all
this so like yes I cut down a little on
hanging out with my friends but I would
still see my friends including work out
so go out to Illinois I'd still go out
on Friday nights with Laurens remember
my vlogs were Fridays with Lauren's and
everyone would know my Fridays at
hanging out with Lauren's I was dating
Jackie at that time that's not the
reason why we stopped hanging out does
it play a part in why we cut down yes
I'll be the first to admit and I'll take
fall I'm sorry if it's like I guess I
spend a little too much time with my
girlfriend but I would still make time
for my friend like I said my friends
including Lauren's are a really
important piece in my life and Jackie is
an important piece in my life so I don't
pick one or the other I make time for
both in guys like I said I understand
why he wouldn't want to mention our
argument or like blah blah I wouldn't
care like whatever you could put it on
me and my girlfriend but then I started
having people actually unsub from me and
like unfollow me on Twitter and tweet to
me saying bro you're a bitch you drop
your friend for a girl and then
I head out like no no no like this isn't
right like I can't I have to address the
situation so Lawrence called me and we
talked about it in the main reason we
have that hung out and the reason to
answer all your guys's questions of why
don't you and Lawrence kick it the truth
is finally out we got in an argument and
we haven't spoke ever since then and I
appreciate what Lawrence is doing
because in his video today he's gonna
bring up that argument um so at least I
appreciate that he's not gonna leave it
out it's because of Jackie because it's
not because of Jackie and I hope you
guys understand this I hope if I lost
some subscribers or some followers that
I get them back after they see this
video if they do see it because I don't
think I deserve to lose followers for
spending some time with them a girl let
alone my girlfriend like this isn't some
you know I know the saying bros before
hoes but there's a difference a hos you
know what a hoe is your girlfriend is
not a hole if your girlfriend holdin why
the hell is your girlfriend but um so
yeah I mean it's sad but that's why me
and Laura's going out a more bomb
preacher after this fucking phone call
we had we settled most of it like we're
we're good you're gonna be seeing her in
my vlogs and I'ma be in his vlogs I'm
probably gonna kick his ass for a
fucking lying for fuckin bending the
truth but I'm just joking I'm not gonna
fucking kick his ass he would probably
beat my ass he's fucking like six foot
five but I'll probably like sucker punch
him in the balls so um yeah we got an
argument and that is the reason why we
don't talk but that's gonna change you
know we're both fucking grown men we can
settle this a different way I just don't
feel like it was the right thing to do
by giving the wrong answer on YouTube
but boom I'm done guys that's the reason
me and Lawrence don't hang out anymore
but that's over with argument settled
and we're back to being friends
guys I just got off the phone again with
Lawrence like a five-minute conversation
we were just laughing it we just both
came to agreement that we were both like
he shouldn't he he doesn't like regrets
answering the question in that way and I
regret not mentioning or argument before
because I've tried to find ways out of
it too when people ask you why don't you
on Lawrence talk I just say oh I'm too
busy now but you're never too busy for a
best friend like I can say how I say up
all night editing blogs and I don't get
sleep
but that's your homie like if you really
wanted to see your best friend so I have
fallen this too
um but uh but I just hope that when I
tell you guys that me alone should kick
it a lot and then I met Jackie and we
would still see each other but it would
be a little less I hope you guys don't
take that the wrong way because you guys
have to understand especially you
younger dudes who have never had a
girlfriend when you meet a girl like and
you make her your girlfriend you have to
hang out her to like you can't just make
her your girlfriend and then just text
her all day no you have to make time to
hang out with her so I hope you guys
understand that and other than that Mia
Lawrence are on good terms right now I'm
fucking kill Lawrence for not talking me
for a month and half when I do see him
though but um I want to say I hope you
guys enjoyed this video but that's not
the right thing to say I hope you guys
understand where me and Lawrence are
both coming from how we both handle this
situation in the wrong way how he put it
on something that wasn't really the main
reason but at the same time we should
have just we should have never let this
small argument get between us that's all
I'm gonna say I love you guys all broad
squad you guys are the best fucking
squad on YouTube
