I got this
what is going on brats well it's your
boy Brandon here aka April waters
honestly I don't know what I usually say
do I say it's your boy Brandon aka April
Wallace or do I say its bruh wadis aka
Brandon I have no idea
all I know is that today my schedule is
kind of unusual because um okay usually
Mondays you know I go play lunchtime
basketball and you know I live and it's
just so today who's gonna happen I woke
up too late to play lunchtime basketball
because I have to edit this video which
actually the link is in my description
below because it was a pretty funny
video so I woke up too late to play
lunchtime basketball and um so I'm gonna
go grab some food after I get some food
I have a eyebrow appointment with Tamia
just watch the clip okay just watch the
clip I'm honestly still insome now I
know what Timmy I mean uh Jackie I'm
honestly so handsome get out of mouth
that's all you were saying last night
okay but I'm saying mouth it doesn't
matter fuck out post Jim eyebrow
plucking and my side chick Tim
am I done
uh-huh thank you with Tamia if you guys
didn't notice my side chick um that's at
12:45 after I got my eyebrows done I'm
gonna go to the gym but no one's gonna
be playing basketball so I'm just gonna
shoot around by myself and then workout
I think I'm gonna wake up some shoulders
and traps today because oh actually
maybe some abs I'm gonna take that
pre-workout anyways - so I'll probably
work out more than what I say I will and
then I have a haircut appointment today
which is much needed as you guys can
tell it's been seven days um haircut
week my haircut appointment is at 5:45
p.m. if you guys are a regular together
part of the brats while you've been
watching my vlog for a while you know I
usually get my haircuts in the morning
or maybe around like one or two but my
barber was booked all the way to like
5:30 5:45 but I needed a cut so today's
kind of jumbled up
I got no no basketball go get my
eyebrows done with Tami um go to the gym
at a random time just to lift get my
hair cut at a random-ass time so
everything's kind of jumbled up but
can't expect your life to be planned you
got a sometimes you just go unscheduled
and honestly sometimes those are the
best days so I'm gonna make this the
best day not of my life because yeah the
Phoenix Suns are fucking 15 wins and 44
losses so I can't be that happy but oh
it's time to start my day you guys guys
I've been thinking haven't in a
challenge video in a while and I know
you guys love my vlogs I love making my
vlog for you guys but um a challenge is
funny like every once in a while here
and there so like comment what kind of
challenge you'd like to see whether it's
like me with my girlfriend or me with my
friends or me with my brother I don't
know just come to what kind of challenge
who you'd like to see me do it with and
also also I need to do another prank I
haven't done one in a while you know
i'ma put some change somebody's who
wouldn't give it to them
I'm just joking I've literally done that
praying fucking 3 million times so I
need to think of a new prank I woke up
too late for a chick-fil-a breakfast but
honest honestly I'm debating if I should
still get chick-fil-a I don't know what
food should I get eating at home is an
option so I'm just thinking of fast food
right now holy shit I'm gonna die at the
age of fuckin like 23 guys this is
random but how many people thought it
was hilarious that Olly was like 6 foot
4 200 pounds was fucking running away
from Bosley I was dying
oh shit who remembers that song I
fucking love that song but anyways guys
if you don't know this now I'm on my way
holy shit I can't talk today I'm on my
way to chick-fil-a the breakfast is done
but honestly I'm gonna just go get
chick-fil-a lunch
god I wish I didn't wake up that late I
wanted to play basketball so bad today
but um yeah so I'm on my way to
chick-fil-a breakfast oh shit this guy I
knew from high school just on me record
I heard you good with your soft lips
yeah you know word of mouth the square
root of 16 has ASA shower you know where
the mouth she said you know literally
ain't no word of mouth Drake you wonder
why kids are fuckin in high school with
a 0.6 GPA failing for classes failing
fuckin English 100 because of Drake the
hell you know what you know where the
mouth is if that's a question do you
know where the mouth is a question mark
if it's a statement you know where the
mouth is period I'm fucked go get me
some chips why honestly if the girl who
takes my order his name is Jackie again
then I'm fuckin firmly believe that
Jackie secretly works at chick-fil-a to
stalk me and know where I'm going every
morning let's see guys usually in my car
cuz I'm in a rush to go to the gym and
like I don't have time to go all the way
back home and eat it honestly I'm
fucking eating in my car I don't know
why I'm eating in my car guys get get
this sick things out of your head all
I'm doing is fucking shaking chick-fil-a
sauce don't work hey you got the chick
fucking fillet sauce
Oh shake I opened it only halfway oh
yeah I'm about to eat this in my car I
don't fucking know why you have to park
next to me there's literally a million
parking spots look two million actually
two million parking spots you have to
park 95 more people oh shit
firetruck
guys I watched fuller house me and
Jackie finished the whole all 13
episodes in like two days if you like
full house there's no way you wouldn't
like fuller house they honestly like it
was it was actually so good
stephanie's so fucking hot but um yeah
they did like a super good job just
reenacting everything and um why the
fuck you can park next to me um Gabba
honestly Stephanie looks exactly like
Hannah Montana in full house I honestly
thought it was Hannah Montana alright
Tommy my food hot fucking hot at least I
know it's fresh fresh out the fucking
microwave oh well take a bite with chick
slice ha ha
hmmm I'll open for okay guys so I just
call it Jackie a Starbucks from fucking
Starbucks but holy why am I so stupid
today I literally like woke up on the
wrong side of the bed or something but I
feel so dumb that's every day but today
I feel extra dumb anyways so remember
how I told you I was gonna go get my
eyebrows done I was gonna go see my side
chick kami so I have to at least make it
up to my girlfriend by getting her a
drink I'm gonna go see her pass some
time spend some time with my main girl
before I go see my side that's how it
works it's 2016 but yes I'm gonna go
past time before my eyebrow appointment
to go see Jackie guys that's my new
favorite song cuz I made a rule with
Jackie that every time I'm with her if I
play the song work she has to start
working on me no matter where we are
matter what she's weighing no matter
what we're doing if I play the song work
then she has to start working on me so
it's my new favorite song oh yeah guys
it's a random fact but I just have to
say it did you know Stefan curry is the
57th highest-paid player in the NBA 56
players make more money than the league
MVP is Steph Curry he's fifth he's the
fifth highest on his team Bogut Iguodala
draymond Green and klay Thompson all
make more than him 57th highest-paid in
the fucking like fucking Brandon Knight
makes more money than him fuck around at
night oh god I was crazy honestly yeah
he gets paid from fucking sponsors and
endorsements but I'm talking about
contract wise NBA contract 57th that's
honestly
okay call her and tell her I'm outside
she's cheating on me
she person you're calling cannot accept
cuz she's cheating on me
I'm barged in that door right now you
fuckin operator you might as well just
say you're being you're getting cheated
on oh shit so she's in sweat she's in my
sweats actually I'm about to that guys
I'll pick up the vlog later I'll pick it
up when I go see my side chick so I'm
gonna go get my guys the real reason
she'd answer her phone because she
didn't pay for her phone bill so she's
playing right now thank God guys Genki
wants to get her hair done by a guy if
that happens we're done but he better be
gay I'm not joking okay then okay okay
guys so I'm leaving Jackie's on somebody
go get my eyebrows done God you wanna
know what's weird Jackie's house is
right here my cousin's house is right
there you guys don't know him he hasn't
been like any of my vlogs like he's like
29 30 years old but it's sometimes when
I leave Jackie's house I just go say
what's up to him and yeah it's mine and
Anthony's cousin he yes I'll just we
just watched TV chilled for a little and
she had to pay her phone bill cuz some
shit like expired and her phone wasn't
working hi Tammy good how are you I'll
know if you could tell but they get
really red right after but you got to
take the pin to look fresh and that's
what I do I'm about to go to the gym
right now
Oh and go work out oh I can't wait to
check my pre-workout so it's like crack
cocaine
that's my highlight of the day guys I
lost my workout gloves and no idea
where they are I find all the SH in my
car all these receipts and the low
workout clothes a damn NBA sleeve a
magic string with a USB car charger
fucking fucking you know what that is in
here but I can't find my fucking gloves
I don't know where they are honestly but
oh well I'm just walking without gloves
I do listen you want to make it in this
world you got to know how to live by
saving money so I said I was gonna buy a
pretty workout right well I changed my
mind because while I was looking for my
gloves I look to all my car I found
three bottles of pre-workout that have a
teeny tiny bit that I haven't finished
left in them so instead of buying a
pre-workout I'm gonna put them all
together and hope that it honest and
public and a guy can Scott knows how
long he's I've been in my car and
although breeded fucking chemicals and
all this cool design has a lot it's
might be tougher to work out oh so yeah
if you wonder why some of them happen
well shit I didn't this was empty she
wonder why some of them have a lot left
yeah this one's empty but um it's
because if you drink the whole thing I
swear you start literally shaking that
shit's weird so I got about more than
half in this and now Oh am i got my
amino acids in this Cup look phase bro
wat is G fuel optic nadeshot bought it
oh shit someone heard me look who's back
at it again I found me er go shark it
tell me what I wanted to look go show
the way he was shot
in Genesis workout for hours just walk
around flexion in the gym question
there's a workout guys look
Jordan's back at it too I wonder while
he's not here oh I know because I didn't
tell him I was vlogging so he didn't
bother showing up I swear
Mia you're doing putting on a workout
right now we're missing someone though
where's alia you scared ballsy was going
to be at the gym Bosley why do you have
a spa on your side
okay I'm gonna Park although you dumbass
you ran right hey you ran right in front
of the car when I was gonna Park ha I
came this close to killing my own dog
part 2 Chanel just almost ran him over
two seconds after I almost ran him over
Chanel I just almost ran him over to
Bosley stop trying to kill yourself
wait hold on don't go up yet sub Shin
nice PJ's did some Monday at 3:30 what
are you doing your pajamas um I just got
back to the dock for what eight eight oh
yeah guys we got this app oh do me do me
do me
I'm Leonardo DiCaprio you ought to be
Snoop Dogg trying to be Obama do me Eric
Bledsoe oh my god guys I'm sorry to say
my president my way do uh well there's
no Harry pothead oh my god
do they have rug death oh this one this
looks like Brian a little bit I'm Borat
what do you mean looks like Brian Oh
oh my god you would so hard you haha
guys holy crap I'm gonna need whoever's
about to watch this segment to get ready
to keep me in your prayers because I've
got the worst phone call my life like
I'm luck guys see this name you see this
name or no the most fuckin through my
cracks phone screen
so I get a call it's lasted one minute I
don't know how one minute can ruin my
entire life it's my barber and he says
oh hey Brandon and I can just tell by
the tone of his voice you know either
his fucking dog died or he was gonna hit
me with some bad news
he said something came up and I don't
think I can grab you today keep in mind
I haven't gotten a haircut in seven days
so today was my usual you know I get a
weekly haircut oh my god so so he says
you know something came up and I don't
think I can grab you today can we
reschedule for tomorrow well tomorrow is
my day at school where I go 11:00 to
7:00 so like I told him I was like I
don't think I can come in tomorrow you
know you guys clothes blah blah and then
I was like how about Wednesday and he
told me that the shop is closed on
Wednesday I already knew that so so I my
heart dropped all the way down to my
boss I threw my boss like to my tip of
my toes my item my heart was not its
place anymore and I started looking in
the mirror and all this nightmare
thoughts started to hate to me I can't
go to school tomorrow I can't go to the
gym I can't leave my house for two days
if I can't get cut till Thursday that
would be ten days without her I can't
tell you the last time I went ten days
without a haircut yeah it had to be at
least like three or four years ago and I
told him I said Tony I said Tony please
he told me that he might be able to come
back to the shop later tonight like a
7:00 or 8:00 p.m. after they closed to
grab me but I'm just like she was the
worst news of my life I'm hoping that he
can get me later tonight I was planning
on going back to the gym to play
basketball but I'm not gonna go back
with the slight chance that he's gonna
go back to the shop later and get me if
you can't tell I over exaggerated a
little I'm not really gonna fucking kill
myself I'm not really gonna hibernate
but no really this would suck if I can't
get a haircut today you saw ever since
the beginning of my vlog I was so hyped
I was like I got a haircut today he
could appointment and now oh my god guys
look how long Bosley's eye booger is
Bosley you're nasty guys my girlfriend
dyed her hair
babe show your hair I just hit myself in
she said she's got a concussion
I'll get you some ice um do we have a
ice pack
she got a concussion babe guys look at
this my girlfriend bought brought wings
and things Pizza oh my god it looks so
good yes where I am on my way to go
right now my fucking Barbara called and
said he could take me at 7 o'clock oh my
god it's fucking Betsy in my life I
swear I'm so fucking happy guys my
barber opened the shop up just for me
cuz I needed a con he felt bad for like
canceling and I'm look he went to the
bathroom and I'm literally the only guy
in the shop look even put the NBA game
for me
there's literally the best barbershop I
love my barber I love Tony if you're
ever in San Diego come down to primetime
barbershop oh shit I think I got too
much on the sides but it's ok so yeah
guys this is fucking weird I've never
been here where it's just me by myself
Thank You Man appreciate
guys are you ready to see the fresh guy
got hooked up with boom so I went higher
on the skin if you guys can see I
usually get a skin taper like right here
I went a little higher right here I got
a - like on the higher sides right here
and I left the top long I like the top
long so I got now I got a skin on the
sides and back a too long right here in
the back and also I left the top my
barber hooks it up all the time like he
literally came into the shop after it
closed just to get me I love my barber I
swear I consider my barber one of my
best friends is that bad like I could
text him right now about anything like I
don't know but yeah I'm actually happy
now I don't have to go into hibernation
I can actually go to class tomorrow and
I can have fun with my life in peace
guys since I got a fresh cut I'm taking
my girlfriend out to eat if I did get a
fresh cut we wouldn't be going out but
now I feel like going it uh you want me
to guys she encourages me to wear shirts
with other girls on them babe show the
shirt I encourage him to change his
shirt so yes stop commenting that he
wears the same thing every day cuz he
does true you gotta up my style guys
we're going to Applebee's baby just Suns
thing I buy everything Sun she comes
here to go through my closet and call my
shit ugly baby I don't know tomorrow I
don't know what I'm gonna wear
I might go to school naked guys look she
told me change my style so I'm wearing a
baseball minor baseball tee a small one
actually might be Brian's with
flip-flops okay baby I'll meet you there
guys I have to go pee do you want to
watch baby my allowed to record myself
pain just go I'll meet you there
guys I'm telling you when you get a
fresh cut you just have the urge to go
out because you just like you're just so
happy that you got a fresh cut so you
just want to go out this shirt is so
tight oh my god it's actually cold I
should have wore a jacket
fine I must stay close to you to stay
warm I give her no room to breathe
I swear and when I cut my steak I'd Eldo
her in the head like this
Hey
out of respect for me because my former
stripper girlfriend oh my god I'm joking
guys she wasn't really a stripper maybe
in the future but you look like one
no she doesn't look like one but in rude
we're going to Apple V then I'm not
bringing my camera down because I'm
respectful no because he said some dirty
shit in there no I don't I just grabbed
her but I'm such a good boyfriend I
limit her to the to 420 menu
