long distance I need you when I see
potential I just gotta sit though if you
let it win I will still choose you hey
guys my waters of it now what is up you
guys bro what is here AKA brandon and if
you're wondering why i have a smile on
my face which is not usual it's because
i'm next to my girlfriend you better
give me something in return for saying
that but no i don't want money
but look was over your head like with
over my head guys oh no any more you
know somebody told me they tweeted at me
and we're like you say you guys too much
i don't know what to call you yeah i say
you got way more okay we're gonna be
doing a Q&A all these questions came
from you guys on twitter everyone who
follow on twitter able to ask these
questions before we start the Q&A hold
on i kind of want to change something
really quick wait that looks much better
if you ask me um ok the first question
goes to my girlfriend this guy asks how
often does Brandon talk about the sons
and does it annoy the hell out of you
you see how big I said it sir um every
day probably for about 3 hours if you
put them together but it doesn't annoy
me because I've kind of like grown to
like it
like not like it because sometimes like
on Sundays I take a break
I tell him just not to talk to me about
it because like my relaxed day but other
than that I just kind of pretend I
listen you know just coming to pretend
you listen ok that leads me to the next
question have you guys ever hit each
other the answer was no but after her
last answer to the last question we
might have to turn the camera off really
quick I'm is joking no we're not we
don't know Chris Brown no nothing we
don't hit each other okay this question
Luongo waited so you better have a good
answer because everyone's been
anticipating what what was your react I
can't fucking do this I can't look at
the camera like this but yeah I need a
haircut
what was your reaction when my blood
brother look at your butt booty I was
really pissed off actually I loved him
on Twitter I've lost him on Instagram I
called him and said Brian I fucking
kitty meat and then
he blocked me because we got in a fight
and the question have you guys ever hit
each other that's a note for us but her
and Brian went addy after that
hi I was like right you're so
disrespectful you made me famous for my
butt and he was laughing and so me and
face rug this is my motto
Brian has eyes so he can look like it
but at the end of the day you can't
touch this is to me is she smart yeah we
have a class together and I'm like I
always low-key always have one eye on
her paper and one eye on mine so that's
why I sit next to her um no but really
the reason I do sit next to is just in
case yeah touch your butt in class will
you guys ever get married oh yes yeah
actually not if I'll not if it either
much looks like this no what is your
longest relationship before this I'm
answering my quick one month mom what's
three years oh my god
better ask Bosley or Jackie Bosley yeah
that's what I was gonna say she took the
words right out of my mouth Asli never
has a vigorous body works out more than
me you know like when you have to get on
the couch and we all have to bring
four people have to carry have to put on
the couch he ass it round if okay hold
on this question I have to answer with
the regular filter okay this question if
Jackie cheated on you what would you do
this isn't smart for me putting it out
there because if it ever does happen
then all the cops have to do is watch
this video because I'd be screwed I'd
kill her I'm not crazy I'm a normal
person but yeah guys sometimes he tells
me this for fun like he just enjoys
telling me that he'll kill me one day I
would kill her like there's no way
around it guys if you've ever been
cheated on I want you to go right now go
back to that girl and just end it I'm
serious who wears the pants in the
relationship this is the he's good oh my
god no it's not it's definitely not this
is the easiest question out answer me
a me bro wadis that's it she might
literally wear the pants because I think
jeans are uncomfortable but that's as
far as she'll go with wearing the pants
in this relationship
hmm how oh my god she knows what's up
how crazy is Brandon
I'm not even eyes guys I mean I would
think I would be the crazy one because
I'm the latina but I swear to you I'm
the calmest person ever and he oh yeah
okay I'll admit I'm not only crazy I'm
psycho legit yeah like that's yeah
that's like the nicest word wait baby
literally the midget from jackass I am
oh my god how did you meet Jackie act it
out uh I went to a strip club with my
friends and I saw this girl on the pole
and I'm just like she's kind of cute so
I gave her my number
found it throwing some bills she gave me
her number and we came to an agreement
that she would quit her stripper career
if we worked out so guess you can say we
were both olds cuz she was a stripper
now zone going to the strip club but
yeah so friend everyone knows story
don't be able from all of that by it
works out good be a ho guys but
everyone's asking how did you guys me
like tell us how you met my nails
Wallace and I here's how we met she
fucking was a stripper and I saved her
from the stripping world so now we're
good um that's so sour
someone said do you eat her ass there's
a reason I didn't eat all day today I
was building up an appetite that's
precious I'm just joking I don't like be
like actually that's fuckin nasty like I
get this out here today joke button
tweeted why do what are you talking
about other guy assholes yo but I'm some
rapper doesn't matter you still a guy
he's a male his sex is listen I'll put
this back to the question he's fucking
crazy okay why are you gonna talk about
other guys don't get Joe Budden who the
whoever the fuck okay well you don't
need to talk about you keep talking
about amending the
you I want to hear the name Joe first of
all um do you like Jackie Sonia does she
like yours I actually love Jackies
family her mom her mother funny my mom
actually it's it that's not funny
okay my whole family hates you from
Bosley all the way to my dad and my
grandmother but her mom is actually
funny and yeah her stepdad I like him
very much because he watching basketball
so he's automatically my friend when he
has four corners cuz I swore to that
song that's all my that's the only
reason I made that my intro because it
reminded me of whatever you hate it I'm
so sorry for you you guys had a dream
the other day that he cheated on me and
I woke up so mad at him I literally
texted him and said you're disloyal all
these things cuz I was pissed yeah and I
just replied lol I'm just joking what
was it like after your first kiss with
Jackie and what did it look like I don't
know how to make it look like it but we
look like this ya know you know what it
was really weird so we had gone on dates
for like two weeks now and um I think
kisser josh is like we want I don't
think it we went to La Jolla Cove but
you would see the seals and there were
so many seals on what happened only like
humming so we look kind of just like
they're like gosh it does happen I want
to thank all the CEO having sounds
really nice yes I don't know how but
like turned a sauna yeah like I just did
her mantel on that set
I don't know how seals having sex set
the mood but it finally gave him courage
to kiss me girls you don't kiss first
they have to kiss you so you have to
wait even if I mean make us wait that
like - you're a fucking pussy you are
what you are what you eat which
definitely would not make you a pussy it
would make you a Rick if this Q&A is
over I need to find us I need to find a
reason to get mad at her now because
she's gonna be on my house for a while
so I need to find some
thing to make me pissed off at her so we
could start an argument because I love
arguing so give me a reason to get mad
at you please to go talk about Joe Joe
dead you say his name one time I say go
but got it I love this relationship
because if she says one word about a guy
it's over but I could talk about any
girl I want I could talk to any girls I
want I could talk about any girls I want
I could like
send selfies to any girl that I want and
just I could be on the phone with them
Washington
I'm joking to guys I let her go through
my phone honestly in it there's no
that's not at all imply that you Girl
fans can talk to my boyfriend like I
might not seem crazy because I'm not but
don't get comfortable she's lucky no so
evening crazy there's still a side dish
okay guys I only have eyes for one girl
I only have eyes for one girl
but guys I only have eyes for one girl
I love my girlfriend come here come here
I do love myself and Eric what's up guys
like I'm actually not you think oh my
gosh guys oh look okay babe guys okay
look what you've done I do a Q&A for you
guys and ends up in a fight and it's all
your guys's fault so I just want to
thank but what squad for causing
problems for me and my girlfriend no
please okay guys I hope you enjoyed this
video
babe say the outro what did I even say
ow
I always I'm on camera I can't hit a
girl yeah babe don't touch me I'm
serious about what what did I do
no the algin can't be depressing to some
you're not mad at me and I'll do it
right no say give me a kiss no give me
one kiss guys okay this you're gonna be
shoeboxed I'm not doing that till she
gives me a kiss nothing I mean anything
that's beating Dave give me a kiss oh
shoot why not hey what'd I do
see okay now oh no a real one yeah imma
get up
well don't ever expect to see her in my
videos anymore but that's cuz she's
gonna kill me not because I choose not
to put in my videos so say bye
know what say bye listen you it's for my
subscribers they love you I'm obviously
oh good you're making fun of me do you
not see yourself in the screen looks so
slow you guys how much do you hate us
actually
we can say that okay fine
oh I was gonna say with somebody playing
out whatever why guys I don't know what
just have what I'm gonna tell you the
real story how we met so
yes before I'm taking that part out Oh
Maude whatever you sound take it out
because I know she said something shit
about me
