whoo Wow guys the Warriors in a tight
one against my boy draaga CH and against
my other boy Gerald Green guys that he
are hitting every single shot 96 to 94 6
minutes left that aren't they hitting
everything yes
Thompson guys
the Warriors stand at 50 and 5 that's
the best star in NBA history and they're
trying to challenge the 72 and 10 bowls
if they lose this in fall 250 and 6
there'll be a huge loss but Dad what are
your predictions they're down two with
six minutes that please put pants on or
something but wait what do you predict
please put pants on or something but
wait what do you predict with halfway
through the fourth quarter win or lose
we're always come on wonder Yemen we dad
you're a Lakers fan don't know we might
look guys look look at this Shannon
Brown Kobe Bryant good old Gasol that's
all dad I want to hear you say we
anymore
and what hey okay no no oh shit it was a
close game for the 76ers and pistons
pause we can't even watch this game he's
over it
lay scores again there they're now up by
one clayey scored like I think eight
straight points for the Warriors
what dad would he why is the nail
clipper so small
my dad is literally klay Thompson but 15
years later dad I swear
fuzzy watch holy shit klay Thompson 15
points in the fourth only in the fourth
quarter freakin he scored 13 straight
points for Golden State 13 straight dad
Klay scored 13 clay score 13 straight
points for the Warriors Oh 15 straight
for a golden save Roger oh my gosh
Bosley let's see what's my land um what
do you think right
guys look clay just hit his 18th
straight point for the Warriors another
three but look I don't know about that
illegal screen or no no it was just
momentary
what if that happened for the heat was
falling right back right back
there's why I hate the NBA yeah they're
not giving clay even one centimeter of
breathing room wait put that ball up
staying for three Bosley Bobby it's okay
he's not going to jump at least we know
Bosley would save you if anything
happened dad
Oh
two minutes left ty damn game oh shit Oh
dad history on the line oh god dad my
dad is about to go out with like my
uncles and my cousins and he said if the
Warriors lose he's going to sleep and
staying home yes I tie him right from
one of the sons lose Bosley before the
game and yeah you better leave before
the game ends because we don't know how
there's gonna end
Amaury yes I know dad he's played like
five minutes all game guys Amar'e
Stoudemire Gerald Green goran dragic
it's literally like I'm watching the
Phoenix Suns I love all three of those
guys especially going jogging good come
on oh my god
don't have no time out here we lost
close to you got Paulo what lost
draaga CH dad how much they used to love
draw edge me me guys you think I love
Bledsoe and Booker
I loved Rogich 300 times more I was so
sad when you got traded
okay guys heat ball a minute 25 he'll
leave if they score life's good life's
good oh my god oh that is you up today
for three
watch
thirty five seven and seven that's a
Westbrook stat line no no no no a bond
weight hits the first this one for the
lead okay dad here it is here we are 32
4 wait he's coming back no oh that was
dream on Whiteside blog
what's new curry Jesus Christ
Steph damn curry cold-blooded oh my god
there's your MVP of the league on you
got a mess over here
no Vova no no he
Loveleen nothing it's okay he's okay
free-throw shooter puzzling so scared of
my dad dad I think he's a Heat fan part
to that Bosley's a Heat fan I think it
makes the first dad this one is huge so
Nick into position right yes
dream on dream on dream on it was hey
Wow God okay that he have to score here
it's game over
oh oh oh draaga CH the love of my life
oh oh
draaga chal it'll dirty timeout
Kate curry at the line shooting to one
of the best free-throw shooters in NBA
history that if he misses one you can
never talk about the Warriors ever again
if you miss one all goal that Steve Nash
was def curry before Steph Curry was
even alive okay not that far but Nash
was curry before okay nah-nah-nah
timeout well I'll tell ya I love Isiah
Thomas such a great man my dad standing
up I'm standing up Bosley has to stand
up okay that he need a three no more
this two points foul because the
Warriors are to clutch at the line
Oh oh yeah
thank you very easy on the land thank
you no drug egde I love you make Bob
thank you man
guys my little outro right here I hope
you enjoyed that video to me watching it
was hilarious and I know my dad I can
only imagine how it is for you guys um
all I wanted to say if you saw that goal
and say in Oklahoma City game last night
first of all that was one of the best
most interesting games I've watched not
just this season but in a while okay
seeing gonna say always put on good
shows but holy crap
Stefan curry like like we I don't know
even know what to say like that was
honestly crazy the Warriors had that
game loss and curry like if you listen
to me talk about it and you try to
understand that you won't understand I
just want you to go watch that game go
watch highlights at that game because no
matter what I say isn't gonna describe
Curry's performance curry and I like I'm
a sons fan I'm not a warrior saying I'm
not a curry lover I'm I just give
respect wanted to do and yesterday curry
like mmm just please go watch the
highlights because that was honestly
crazy if you love good basketball guys
the horns are back but if you love good
basketball then you can't hate on Steph
Curry's game last night it was honestly
it was crazy
oh and the fucking sons one the sons
can't even lose right I want them to end
they lose all their games I start
wanting them to lose and now they
fucking win they haven't beat the
Grizzlies in three years and the one
time they decide to beat them is when I
fucking want them to lose but anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this video but
watch quad I love you guys all and I
hope you guys enjoy your Sunday peace
guys
