no one long-distance I need you when I
see potential I just gotta see it though
if you had a twin I would still choose
you what is going on you guys um I just
want to let you guys know right now my
internet today is going to be sort of
like a mini gym vlog a bunch of people
cuz this is my normal vlog routine I'll
be vlogging around the house I'll be
vlogging at school and then I'm a step
into the gym and I say okay I'll pick
the vlog up after I get back from the
gym and I don't I don't ever record at
the gym I told you I find that concept
kind of weird I just don't feel
comfortable bringing this big old camera
inside the gym with a bunch of people I
know but today me and my two boys you
guys know them if you follow me on
Instagram I just recently posted a
picture with them I've mentioned them in
my videos before Ollie and Jordan both
been my boys since elementary school
we're all working out together today
we're all gonna be at the gym together
so I said you know what I texted them
Ollie was hyped Ollie has been dying to
be in my videos so uh I'll leave you're
finally in my video don't tell that I
told you guys even though he's gonna
watch this video he's straight-up
texting me saying Oh what should I wear
should I shave should I do this
all but um but yeah so you're gonna meet
both of them um I think you've met only
before you have not met Jordan but yeah
you're gonna meet both of them we're
gonna work out together maybe play some
basketball and I'm finally gonna get
some footage at the gym just like what
you guys asked for because I'm bro
Wallace and I get my subscribers what
they ask for obviously so today's gonna
be like a gym vlog we're gonna be
working out back and biceps and you guys
are gonna meet my two best friends who
have been there for me ever since Ali
since kindergarten and Jordan since like
the third or fourth grade I love them
both and it's time for you guys to meet
them this but Ollie plays basketball for
a collie plays college ball so if you
think like I'm fucking good at
basketball you wait till you see all the
all he is he's crazy he has a little
anger problem he's like where she'd
Wallace on the court like if he played
in the league he would get ejected from
every single game but he's super good
he's like six before I'm gonna just let
you guys beat him but he's like when I
say good that's an understatement
all these fucking he's amazing I
basketball Jordan more of the like you
don't want to
you don't want to miss a journey you
don't look you don't want to look him in
the arms cuz you'll just I saw him to
say I spoke so highly and I've spoken so
good about all on my channel that I
deserve to roast him one time well let
me just hop him up one more time so he
doesn't get mad Ali the greatest you
could be good at basketball you could be
smart at school but as a human being
Holly along with Jordan puris human
beings the nicest humans you know I've
ever met in my life okay now that I have
them up enough alia literally oh yeah
I'm I go to the gym I might no I don't
know I'll let you guys know once I told
him oh I should we record a mini vlog
you want to be on my youtube channel oh
yeah I'll be at the gym but while all
this so are you only I love you Jordan I
love
literally what the hell is this look at
this because shit is how long Brian's
pubes are Holly do you often do you want
me to bring you a cup of amino acids so
you can look better for the vlog like
you can look more both yeah okay no no
because I don't want to bring the whole
jar so I'm just gonna put it to you in
one of my cubs do you trust me
some guys all these at work walking
around talking to me on the phone okay
well hopefully you can make it to play
bass well I hope you up to much on the
basketball court too
God sees them he was shagging his prime
before Shaq was even born
you really thought I wasn't in a prank
Ollie you really really thought I was in
a prank Ollie so he wants amino acids in
his drink right how about amino acids
with a million teaspoons of salt my mom
knows only in Jordan mom what do you
have to say about them since when yeah
my mom loves both of them but mom look
I'm sorry y'all II know I put some amino
acids but I'll put will gold Y on the
pepper by light
I mean it's fucking opposite day
Oh Jordan okay so I just got off the
phone with all we okay hold on you're on
camera right now just I just want you to
chill I just want you to say how hyped
do you think ollie is that he's gonna be
on YouTube this is Ollie I remember okay
do you think he's gonna show up in this
to entire was at least Han go get a cut
really quick before the gym guys another
thing about ollie
he hates dogs he hates dogs Basel you
want to see all Leah she doesn't want to
see you Jordan Jordan actually just got
a puppy himself he has a dog which is
like four months old once he gets his
final shot him and balls are gonna start
hanging out together
so there's Bazin's new friend oh he just
sent me the snapchat watch okay guys I
just got the usual text if I go to the
gym for my girlfriend I hope you bring a
break ankles at the gym and don't be a
ho okay and I gave her the usual reply
I promise I'll break a khals but I can't
promise not to be a host so now you know
it's time to go to the gym so Bosley
Bosley why do you sit like a 90 year old
grandpa a fat 90 year old grandpa so
what did you shoot one for 26 26 for 26
miles fuck about it by our pre-workout
whole thing Brandis literally get a diet
28 the pre-workout over and literally
and fast-food they know about basketball
Linda's coming
see hi can I get a two of the
pre-workouts okay God solar
reporting live from LA in this locker
room and we got my boy are we here
we just dominated the back door courage
and I just want to let you guys get to
know all them all we first of all tell
them how much you love me more than life
is still more than like I know for my
second pull down your shirt
well we know yes chest hair
okay hold on are you ready to work out
heart attack at 28 for sure I've showed
them before we take all this my hands
literally shaped by themselves like
everybody now you're gonna say what you
think about Bosley I gave them a little
intro about your history with dog
hey Bosley man I think is ugly ugly bro
but I thought I'm you've been to my
house you used to come over it now
buzzes a little girl he hasn't stepped
foot the most he's done it maybe from
his car say hi to my family that I
literally chase Bosley I'm the reason
we'll see okay you're coming the baby
has a sad face is where he takes it
snaps okay you're coming about you're
gonna pet balls another one are down
let's go work out you gotta get my boy
honey
this was MVP of the 2007 right Cleon
over you know Division one when we used
to play as kids division 1 and division
your division allows you to freeze my
boy Jordan well anybody play your
friends
Yeah right thinks he's slow ball on this
you're gonna see the sleeves for
Halloween the muscles we put in these
less flag
are you ready footed law
as the best parents the world because
you know how to watch it I move on I'm
moving uncle all right a looming uncle
Arabic and sign outside of the street
you guys know that guy faze rug a rug
face yes they don't know him how we
don't cry oh come here leo hey guys is
my boy Leo know this leave hundreds of
fat she's got I've always said to garden
cuz I'm short I can't wait seven a
two-second forty Mike Oh Mike gab really
quick and I can't do the amino acids you
bought one for me yes finger cup for all
because it's taller
I just got video bomb
position
how disrespectful cause of my best
friend I brought him a drink don't touch
me from my house I raise it done Holly
if you don't do that
I'm gonna drink this bro laughs even we
were gonna be wasn't gonna get praying
disgusting I'm done let me tell you the
only reason Jordans here because he had
what do you have going on tonight
does that hang out with some girl you
know nothing what do we call that
nowadays a date Jordan yes Jordan has a
date tonight taking this go ahead and
take her maybe a little Netflix and soft
you know if you've ever felt Brant
knocking yes but I don't know Brenda is
the fattest ass you've ever you let them
know in your love they don't know but
yeah that's all Jordans working out to
get that pump pumping shoulder thing I
just hope that she's like he's real like
Christian you know goes to church every
day yes you're insane Jordan you know
you could look like a piece of dirt if
you're very like like warm-hearted and a
fishing boat to take Jordan Falls with
that this is all these specialty the
fucking hook go ollie I forgot my pussy
gloves in the car so now we have to go
back just to get my glove real men don't
wear gloves but well this is you know
the last Ally bro ah dude I say brought
alive listen Holly worries loves every
single day works out but the one day
dogs are sort of swear to God so
obviously don't care about your
afterlife okay something happened to my
gloves denying my car Bosley took it
Buster dog Jordan portmanteau integer
now all these sevens gonna max out
seventy pound chest press
said not to make an obvious
burden honey you didn't gonna pull it
off I'm in Iraq
no warm-up no stretch no spotter oh oh
bludsoe oh my god hey look he's shaking
though oh my God look weekend don't warm
up oh my god working rats oh what'd you
say he said he thinks he's strange he
thinks he strained his back but he's
gonna up his way what are you gonna do
80 pounds oh he's gonna go made up a
rack this is upper rack all he's going
middle up around 100 knows about the
late upper rack we don't know about that
yeah the phase runs down okay all the 80
bring the 80s oh my god Shaq diesel
one to give a little growl II to give a
little growl II let's have Bosley's back
try to give out but this is for Bosley
do you have anything to say for the bro
wider squad I love you guys do you love
Bosley more or do you love Ollie more
tell them the truth tell the truth the
truth wait do we have - we don't have to
react wait I tell Ellie all the time
when people tell me to rewrite my wait
this is my answer the workers here get
paid for a reason I'm - okay we're in
Cuba still I guess it's time for the
tank the tank is coming out no you tell
me to chill you just went in there took
her shirt off the flex on whoo
he's doing the whole rack hey Ali
you see that I see the cuts he's getting
ready he's getting ready for his date
this is some Jim Bob key right here
a key to success go rome wasn't built in
a day
guys like I said we're working out back
five - Aubrey laughter no no Ali sent me
a whole epiphany last night about how
he's done eating fast food and he's
gonna change his life
we're trying to sense what you're trying
to say for a lattices life it's not
what's my name
Jordans Chopin Jordans Chopin the
fucking mansion no shame no shame Jordan
you have a date tonight
Jordan defines posted on the play there
the girl texted saying what are we doing
tonight he could have easily said me you
could have said we're doing you know
what do you wanna do this is the other
guy you're doing with you I would have
been like I don't know what I'm doing
but you're doing me if you're if you're
super good-looking like Brandon you can
get away with like well why does you're
just an average guy like me you gotta be
a nice gentleman he's right guys I think
we're gonna get banned from this gym for
fucking too much talking and not enough
working out hey bro widest brought a why
this bill come on let's do our Jackie do
producer Jack how many reps for Jackie
we're counting only one I've already
started
no no one two for Jackie how about Sanne
three four Sanne
it's tough so they do that everyone
there you go bro itis slight work well
widest
squeeze squeeze
Oh oh my how long has it been since you
hit the set like it's been like 45
minutes all he just asked oh is there a
physical therapy to fix my back but you
do it for the vlog right that's just
lightweight guys he just got so hyped
what is it baseball a Friday from where
from where just in case people don't
knows never seen I'll leave this hype
for for fish fillets from McDonald's
after he say he's not eating fast food
anymore
stop talking Ollie
for the love of God
go sup mr. mrs. the water
what's up love disrespect cake Oh miss
you guys you guys raised a great man
right here missus of audit love you guys
loves you God I know and Brian - Brian
its rug now see he hasn't seen my family
in so long he thinks it's still Brian
it's probably no added okay you didn't
finish
wait hurry up see Jordan chomping up
with females at least I'll leave Jordan
through there right oh yeah uh-huh
my favorite LA Fitness employee right
there hi this is Ali's cousin oh you
can't sue me we've been friends for so
long that's all these cousin you guys
see the resemblance all he's trying to
take her drink oh shit I have 1% are you
fucking kidding me right now listen I've
been through my amount of heartbreak
yeah you're about to get one tonight
after the date listening to Adele before
he goes on a day that's how I felt music
okay let's go all these about a go pet
Bosley this is like if someone was to
jump off a plane in the middle of the
ocean with no parish or whatever that's
you would be less here than what ollie
is right now let's just say that Leslie
look who's that who's that go over there
go go Bob's we go go over here yeah he's
wild animal now go pear mama rug back
out again with the white shorts
come here come if you do that to worry
he said put him in the cage Ollie come
in he's scared of the house come here
this is the end of my vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed I want you guys don't laugh
see this is why I'm never putting all
into any of my videos you guys want to
see I'll leave more of my videos and
I'll be enjoy both of them do you guys
want to see them in my videos whether
it's challenges pranks or just in my
vlogs then leave a like or just comment
below if you want to follow ollie on
instant damages his Instagram and
snapchat name is right here it's the
same for both follow him I'm with him a
lot so if you guys want to see me you
want to see what he does say you're out
I'm out
Jordans still so nervous in his day he
came and talked right now he told me
that will August drive store house he's
gonna be shaking like this no I didn't
Bobby I never get nervous ok better ok
it's just a girl I'm a good-looking guy
doesn't it Holly
say you out I'm out catch y'all later Oh
what is Oh
how do your backs feel well not only he
didn't even really work out Jordan how
does your back feel it's pretty sore
than I want to see Brandon put me
through the craziest workout I've never
had one like but all these showed you on
camera is all he gave us do you have
anything to say or what I don't had
double what they did it was a joke ok
it's dumb oh I wonder where Jordan if
she left us first day Jordan if you're
watching this I'm just joking have fun
and brother bros before bros before the
girls that you think not with that I'm
Lizzy okay just be safe Jordan if you
know that
very pretentious when I look back I
might be mad at I get its attention
there but its way
