got this what is going on broad squad if
you can't tell by my voice I just woke
up right now um it is 853 a.m. I don't
have class till 11 but I had to finish
editing this vlog for you guys because
you know look at this I got one vlog
uploaded by me to finish the other
because I'm double uploading for you
guys today so on well not today this was
yesterday I need to finish this one
really quick before class I spent all
night reading fan mail if you see there
30 minutes later and my vlog is done its
rendering right now so now I can finally
start getting oh shit now I can finally
start getting ready after shower and
changing just freaking wake myself up
before class because I'm literally dead
right now I sound so bad when I wake up
but yeah I need to take a shower right
now you guys want to join me vlog too
bad cuz I don't want to get my youtube
channel shut down alright so I just
finished shaving if you can't tell I saw
some shaving cream and that's got a hop
in the shower but then I looked at the
time obviously on my watch and I noticed
that if I shower first
I'm gonna miss chick-fil-a breakfast so
I'm actually gonna go get chick-fil-a
first and then I'm gonna come back and
shower because I cannot miss your
breakfast that's that's one of the 10
commandments you don't miss chick-fil-a
breakfast what the hell is this by my
seat
the damn Jehovah's Witness so I don't
leave my windows crack to my car they
literally sneak up and put it through my
fucking car
yeah like finding a random piece of
paper that someone snuck up to my car's
not gonna what are gonna make me convert
into damn Jehovah Witness house man
chose you to live that's my favorite
line of the song oh wow
my love just took my order Jackie well
yeah that's my favorite line of the song
if you had a twin out still choose you I
tweet that lyrics out yesterday actually
if you want to follow me on Twitter to
know what all my favorite lyrics to all
the songs are my link is gonna be in the
fucking screen right here my whatever
just do it if you want to follow me on
snapchat my thing is the same bruh
waters anyway how did you stop trying to
promote myself guys
about to pick this food up and I still
need to go home and shower oh shit why
is there a line
I've never came this early blocks on
Valentine's Day I'm just judging
I've never came to chick-fil-a this
early I meant to say look guys new
shampoo and new body wash so there's
probably gonna be my freshest shower yet
probably gonna smell the best I've
smelled in a while new body wash and new
shampoo i'ma smell like a baby's ass
actually a baby's asshole even better
all right bruh wad squad so I got my
second video of yesterday three minutes
left till it's up guys I feel so
productive wanted to oh shit I'm in my
boxers I feel so productive when I get a
double upload done especially when I
finish both videos before school so like
but I'll go till like 3:00 in the
morning last night editing but it's all
good because I got it done you put the
work in you get results three minutes
left let's go as well go scrubby I'm
dressing to class we got plain white tee
the nike tapered shorts with some nike
elite socks but i'll make it up on my
shoes these match with anything
okay so you got the outfit of the day
right here now I need to go eat my
chick-fil-a honestly we can showered and
change and did some shit on my laptop
and now my took place while be frozen
freezing cold and I left in the garage
guys look at all the fucking candy I
bought yesterday from Walgreens look at
this damn bags about to risk just of
candy yeah this is probably so cold I
got an hour ago
my dad has a complaint that what what is
so bad about this this is a sick
sandwich how it's chicken
nothing it's chicken and biscuit yeah
but eggs that's what it's right for
right away but this is what's on the
breakfast menu I didn't make the
breakfast menu but it's oh my god no way
what is that whoa your holy other day oh
my god I know it it's not my fault I
don't get eggs just chicken and biscuit
guys my dad said Miami Miami should fire
Erik Spoelstra cuz he lost to the
Warriors okay game Bosley you want to go
to the park again too bad not today
because I got school okay
guys I can't be the only person who
likes their chocolate cool so i'ma put
all the chocolate that I got Snickers
Twix
um fucking Reese's Oh double recess what
else
yeah I'm gonna put those in the fridge
yeah
guys Jackie said this is gold that's
where she wants to live in one of those
that's what we're going to school for it
to make enough money to buy one of those
guys we're actually not done with school
yet I got out of class early and her
class got cancelled so we're we're
actually being real college students and
going to Starbucks if you're if you
watch my videos and you go to college
and you know you're not really a college
student let's you doing Starbucks before
class you want to make it all about me
always about she wants to tell you how I
ignored her on her first day of work
which I didn't even ignore her I got my
phone look got lost okay so it's my
first day and he's not even talking to
me
because that's like tweeted you know
this song trey songz he has a new song
that's always on the radio at least
there's no way he just never heard it Oh
everyone and um it's called all about
you or something I don't even know the
name but I tweeted I forgot what I did
she tweeted Trey's the only guy who
understands it's all about me and I
looked at dice I looked a fuck I said
okay
he was so mad he looked up who Trey was
because I could not turn a fridge and I
ignored her I didn't talk to her I
didn't ask him how her Dale until I
finally got like literally maybe I went
to the bathroom for like a two-second
break I've been working since like
probably live trying to make him feel
bad I don't feel bad No and you know
what now he has to make it up to me so
all that you see today is he's gonna
make it all about me
yeah she'll make it up to me when we go
to my house nah
yeah you will period okay you're not
coming over
I come home to this so you know rug was
doing a peel box opening video my dad
grilling dad what's on the menu
oh shit
guys burger will you know off of this
man yeah what is that
watch out why what it is what they call
life instant innocence and insects
okay I'm not opening would throw that
away vlogging on taking videos it's it's
like crickets okay I don't mind
puzzle you move I don't know why you're
standing here no ok guys someone sent my
dad live insects well no some I don't
know who sent him if you want to make
yourself feel better one time for a
project I have to eat a chocolate
no wonder your breath still stinks dad
no it did not
Bosley move we can't afford to lose you
Bosley he's literally standing right
under it dad what's in there oh my god
dad close it hold on hold on I wanna see
you oh my god
let's fuck set that you see them Brian
has crazy fans I see it I see it dad
what is that it's the worm from Sponge
Bob that attacked all the damn Bikini
Bottom bosley in an empty I was a fool
no don't empty it but what was was
moving then I'll Kuwait oven it's all of
them they probably soon oh my god what
what what oh my god guys this is why you
don't send my brother fan mail like this
cuz my dad takes a dad what are you
gonna shoot my god fan mail for me and
my brothers Christmas for my dad Basel
you're the target go and why do you have
the glasses I had during the protective
glasses
look at me Dad you just thought I was
gonna kill you poison dad how is it this
is Brian's fault fine take it away guys
look how big my nose is when I wear
glasses as if it wasn't big enough yeah
you're one to lie Alexi legs seize my
nose big and wheeze Wow something poked
my ear not as big as yours to be on it
Brian what come here
remember how we used to greet each other
we peck noses when did we do that ever
okay guys the sons have to lose this
game
they must lose sons verse nets thus Nets
have 15 wins the sons have 14 so this is
huge in terms of tanking if you don't
get why I want the sons to lose there's
video below my description calling it's
called why all the sons to lose every
game but this game is more important to
lose than any other game they've played
so far so sons I love you but please
lose this game that's a while I was
playing basketball earlier some dipshit
thought it would be funny to fucking
scratch my damn tattoo I don't know if
you can see this it was bleeding earlier
but I feel bad for the bird I'm sorry
bird I'll take you to the fucking vet
because your tail is bleeding yeah some
idiot playing basketball with he
literally had nails as long as a fucking
Dracula piece of shit like I didn't even
notice it I got home and I was like what
the hell
I cut your damn nails when you play ball
oh shit oh look the walking injury is
just scored right there the walking
fucking injury bug but God look at the
sun's your these look familiar
yes ma'am holy shit guys fucking and I
was actually worried that the sun's
might have won this game wow the sun's
are a disgrace to the NBA you know in
the last 30 games they've only won two
times I mean this is what I wanted but
still this is fucking embarrassing dude
alright you guys so I have big news that
I'm excited to bring you guys up
literally I just said oh my god I just
said literally and I said guys two times
in the first fucking like five seconds
but I have big news that I want to bring
you guys okay listen let me just get to
the news I make I just made my second
channel for the broadest NBA show
because I know a lot of my subscribers
come for the vlogs they come for the
challenges in the pranks um and a lot of
my subscribers actually I started just
doing the bravados NBA show so maybe
they came from that so I decided it'd be
best to keep my bro wadis my main
channel for vlogs challenges and pranks
maybe some stories and to have a
separate channel to upload all my bro
Wallace NBA shows which is like news and
analysis from around the league
reactions and also reactions to son's
games I won't be putting those in my
vlogs anymore I won't be putting those
on my main channel I'll have two
separate channels if you would like to
subscribe to that that's something that
interests you a link is gonna be in the
description below also if you notice my
um my banner for the broadest NBA show
this was it was made by Gerard ooby he
actually also made that uh he made that
picture that Devin Booker favorited so
if it wasn't for him I wouldn't have
gone a favor from Booker it wasn't for
him I wouldn't have had a banner for
Broadus MBA show so uh he's a graphic
designer if you guys want to check out
his Twitter i'ma put in the description
below but um like I said you know bruh
wadis MBA show has his own channel now
which means more uploads for that and if
you guys don't like it then you don't
have to watch it because you have my
channel for what you guys do like but if
you're a huge NBA fan and you want to
you know debate argue with me just give
me your opinions on the NBA you could
follow that it's also going to have
reactions to the Suns games
NBA Draft is coming up and made Draft
Lottery playoffs free agency so it's
going to be this channel is going to
start to get booming like just I'm
saying I'm not force you guys to
subscribe but if you do want to
subscribe I'm gonna be putting out a lot
of content maybe not daily uploads but
I'm gonna be speaking a lot about NBA so
but what squad whether you subscribe or
don't subscribe I still love you guys
just as equal uh my sons just got
fucking trashed by Brooklyn but honestly
that's good we're third worst team in
the league right now so uh I fuckin love
you guys guys guys guys guys literally
literally honestly fucking whatever I
don't care I say that she all the time
it's one of my vocabulary
guys oh my god this is a miracle I can't
believe I'm my girlfriend just called me
because we were supposed to hang out and
she just got off work you know what she
called me and says she says hey do you
wanna she said put on a jacket you want
to go to the park and shoot her out like
what is this fucking love and basketball
I was hyped I said I was like did you
just say do you want to shoot around she
said yeah and I said hell yeah fucking
shoot around I was so hyped like I love
that I love my girlfriend this is two
things like I've never played basketball
with her but I'm gonna have to show her
my devin booker jump shot we have
somebody go play guys honestly it's like
10:00 p.m. I don't know what got into
her but oh whoa I'm not complaining in
case the damn guy's hand was infected
I'm put up hide you guys did Freddy
Krueger come to the bird in my sleep and
fucking scrape it but yeah I'm gonna put
hydrogen peroxide on this shit just in
case the guy had AIDS or something I
don't know
guys look in this hypothetical situation
the sun's won the championship I'm
crying laughing cuz I'll never ever
fucking happen ever ever
guys look why the hell am i rewatching
the sons game someone just tell me why
am i rewatching the sons game I'm crazy
alright guys so I just woke up if you
can't tell not only by my voice but by
my fucking face I look like a damn skunk
who got ran over in the middle of the
road but um I'm about to go to the gym
right now Friday morning we gotta bail
go play some lunchtime basketball and
then work out with my two boys Ollie and
Jordan so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
um I guess moral of this videos fucking
don't send anything dangerous to me or
Road because my dad's gonna end up
taking it uh oh yeah subscribe to my
robotics NBA Chen if that's something
that interests you I don't know I really
just hope you guys enjoyed I think
that's a 33 or 34 day upload so you come
on make sure for you guys but uh that
was a wet kiss for you guys look for
walks log I'm out I'm go play some
basketball
