guys you won't believe who fucking
favorited my tweet like honestly I was
in shock
I was fangirling right in front of my
girlfriend like like fucking look okay
guys this is the day after it happened
so if you think I'm like hyped up and
freaking freaking out right now imagine
when it actually happened so this dude
made me this like uh dude made me this
picture just for fun like a little just
this picture right here I'm gonna show
you guys he made it for me for fun he DM
it to me I liked it I tweeted it out and
I posted it here it is
I posted it with the caption uh whatever
like my my two homies at Airbus on a
Devin Booker
I tagged them and like whatever like I
tweeted it okay it's sick I'm at my
girlfriend's house literally hours later
like freaking like ten hours later and I
checked my phone I got a Twitter
notification it said at Devin book
favorited your tweet
I said I said oh my god oh my god no way
no way
guys guess who just favorited my tweet
Devin Booker just favorited my freaking
tweet oh my I'm literally about to cry
what the heck just happened
you can literally say we're friends now
like Devin Booker is my friend my best
friend actually
he literally favored in my team guys
I'll never forget the moment Devin
Booker favorited my tweet I wasn't my
girlfriend she was taking a food
handling test for her new jobs I
literally jumped up as soon as I saw
Devin book I jumped up no way you guys
know how much I love Devin Booker you
guys fucking know how much I love Devin
Booker like he's my second favorite
player behind eric bledsoe but he's a
close second I fucking flipped out I
look I have to make sure what's his
account and there I saw it verified a
hundred sixty something thousand
followers
guys I first thing I did was ran to the
door and I was about to open it and run
around the whole cul-de-sac but I kind
of contain myself because I was in front
of my girlfriend but oh my god I fucking
flipped out like like I was literally
fangirling oh that's ten times worse I
was like cuz everything started running
through my head
he saw that tweet he saw my face in a
damn Sun jersey possibly went through my
Twitter he saw how much I hate Markieff
Morris like keep like Devin Booker
actually came across my Twitter profile
on his damn phone and he press'd
favorite like you don't understand how
like I was fuckin high like if you think
I was like I had to control my like
freak out because I was in front of my
girlfriend and I was at her house but oh
my god if I was at my house you would
have this reaction video like nuts like
I was freaking huh this was crazy and
and just look how it looks on his
profile
it's like it's honestly like I fuckin
flipped out like you can pretty much say
me and him are best friends now like
there's no way around he favorited my
tweet like you know he's obviously my
best friend Lawrence I'm sorry I'll lead
Jordan I don't care
Jackie I'm after but a couple you
because me and Devin Booker might be in
the talking stage right now he favored
in my damn tweet oh my oh shit Devin
Booker I gotta tell you something
Thank You Man I appreciate it but
anyways yeah so he favorited my tweet I
was going crazy like so yeah that's my
homie now D book
I think I'd call him book now but
anyways I recorded some of my reaction
to when he was in the three-point
contest he fucking made it to the
championship round against Steph Curry
and klay Thompson he knocked out Kyle
Lowry James Harden JJ Redick Chris
Middleton CJ McCollum and he made it to
the championship as the youngest player
in three-point contest history he lost
against Steph Curry and klay Thompson of
course I wasn't expecting a win but I
recorded my reaction to some I also
recorded my reaction to when he played
in the Rising Stars game because you
know what he is guys Devin Booker is a
rising star so I hope you enjoyed this
video I wish I got more footage but my
camera was dying at the time so I was
just trying to get the important stuff
anyways I hope you do enjoy this video
bruh wat squad why the hell does it look
like I got horns as the damn Suns logo
but yeah I love you guys all I love you
so much marry me Oh motherfucker Devin
Booker isn't starting alright guys so
let me just say something it's halftime
right now Devin Booker has 18 points 18
points for Devin Booker
he didn't even start he came off the
bench okay he has four three pointers
look at this 18 points in eight minutes
Jordan Clarkson leads Team USA with 19
points but he's played more minutes than
Booker and he started Booker came off
the bench has played less minutes taking
less shots he has 18 points oh my god
and this is for a guy who didn't even
make the game he stepped in as an injury
replacement second leading scorer
game a half-time didn't even start came
off the fucking bench listen listen
listen Linda listen when Devin Booker
does this steps float on the court
nobody should be taking shots except for
the man himself Devin Booker you see him
on the court you passing the ball Booker
catch the ball you shoot the ball his
dad
Melvin Booker promised before the game
that Devin Booker would win MVP Devin
Booker are coming off the bench scoring
18 points in the first damn half I
fuckin love him I love him
again this for someone who didn't make
the game he's just an injury replacement
he's showing everyone why he should have
made the game what they'll show some
highlights watch now one three
show more Booker you pieces of shit oh
yeah you want show Rodney hood but you
know oh you fuckers showed one Booker
three he had four three opinions on
Devin Booker so far 18 he didn't even
start came off the bench played the
least amount of minutes because the
motherfucking fuck because fuck the NBA
Devin Booker is a store do I so what do
you think of Devin Booker for three is
18 points
yeah guys he's I don't think he's ever
missed a shot in his life like playing
pickup outs off the gym when he was a
kid
playing out the parks shooting around
when he was 10 years old in college in
further south pounding he's ever missed
guys Devin Booker starting the second
half for the team so would someone tell
DeAngelo Russell to stop fucking
shooting the ball and pass the ball to
Devin Booker DeAngelo you're a point
guard wouldn't want guards who pass pass
the ball to fucking Devin Booker stop
shooting the ball stop shooting the ball
guys so finally someone took the coach
of Team USA off the drugs he was on so
now he realized ne pas Devin Booker back
in so porzingis 4-3 porzingis is gonna
be so good in the future
dumbass can't catch the ball till you
gave Devon Booker a turnover now great
perfect pass right through the hands and
now they're gonna charge Devin Booker
over the turnover guys I am Devin Booker
literally like I'm gonna change my name
to Devin Booker look do you see this
ball nope nope nope nope nope no no you
pass the ball to him I don't care if you
make thirty threes in a row everyone
stop stirring the ball at the ball
belongs in his hand
passed it pass it pass it pass it
nope wrong wrong take away two points
not add two points take it away
we got my dad's robe dad what do you
think of Booker so far yeah I know what
about his first half oh now he got the
ball Booker for 3 Jesus my god Booker
made another three yeah guys for the
love of God okay but do you think he's
actually gonna win this not win but like
let's just savor the moment and we're
not talking about the three-point
contest that's tomorrow guys holy you
know Brian Devin Booker is so good he
does yeah but when you have a team of
dipshits like Markieff Morris and
Brandon Knight you can't win games guys
Devin Booker is literally better than
Michael Jordan already yeah I know if
you take that seriously watch I am being
serious let's do pass the ball here pass
here pass nope nope nope nope nope stop
trying to do too much Jalil here hey
there no no no you motherfucker
you piece of shit take away three points
just cuz these from Duke and and
Booker's from Kentucky that's why he
ain't passing the ball pass it boy
boom 23 points holy shit
god I love him I love Devin Booker guys
honestly don't tell my girlfriend I
think she's watching this but I might
have to break up with her for Devin
Booker listen to me if Deandra Russell
or anyone else on Team USA shoots the
ball one more time I'm fucking flying
out to Toronto private jet right now to
Toronto and handling something myself
because oh my god what they called a
foul guys to fuck in five-point game was
six minutes and Devin Booker is not in
the game yeah sure take the leading
scorer of this game out he's been out
for like five minutes put him duck in my
gosh guys I have a theory that the whole
NBA is against every player that's ever
play for the Phoenix Suns love you Isiah
I love Chris no I love Isiah Thomas I'm
so glad he's an all-star guys Devin
Booker is still on the fucking butt oh
there he is coming back game well guess
while you drug addict coach a little to
lay there fucking two minutes left what
kind of drugs do you think the coach is
on for fucking having Booker out of the
game for this long guys there have been
multiple players who scored over 20
points tonight in this game and out of
all players who scored over 20 Booker
has taken the least amount of shots past
my dude the ball he's only taking 13
shots everyone's taking 15 1917 Jordan
Clarkson the motherfuck motherfuck
Jordan Clarkson has taken let me see how
many shots oh my gosh Clarkson has taken
20 shots and he still has less points
than Booker passed the ball there's no
like 49 seconds left it book heard of
the win the MVP I'm gonna be pissed
cuz he didn't even shoot that much we
still had 22 points
guys if I had a dollar for every time I
said the fucking year Booker this game I
would literally be a millionaire a
billionaire as if Devin Booker doesn't
win rising stars MVP I'm I'm never
watching games the NBA I'm never
watching and saying it and then dating
my whole life quitting I'm dropping out
of school I'm quitting you to fuck
Jordan Clarkson
he took 20 shots he took 14 threes who
the hell takes 14 damn threes unless
you're JR Smith Devin Booker took two
shots in the second half - he went to
four - he made both that's it and then
he didn't touch the ball anymore what
the hell
23 points for barely shooting I'll take
that oh my god my gosh I hate the
Timberwolves now there's the real MVP
right there right there done guys I love
you so much oh my god I love him so much
oh my gosh Devin Booker the greatest
player of all time better than Michael
Jordan I needed curry to miss his last
shot I need him to get 20 or less and he
got 21 of course guys is that literally
my dad when he was younger
not claves my dad when he was younger
okay so Booker tied for 20th
harden Redick and Booker are all tied
one two three
sighs Booker harden and Redick have 30
seconds to make as many shots as
possible
Mase keep missing please yes guys the
winner of this build on to the
championship against a Korean clay
pounces Harding you fucker
okay he only got okay James Harden got
eight now it's JJ Trebek imagine of
Booker goes to championship against
Korean clay do the Warriors literally
win at everything
another JJ reddick making I thought he
only scores and Crispo passes in the
door Wow Mikey are you fresh back so hot
it out miss keep using yes guys ready go
only got nine okay if Booker gets ten
then he goes to championship round
harden out ready got nine Boca needs
templates come on please Booker to
Oh No for okay Booker got four in his
first rack five six
Booker please eight yes eight nine one
more no no yes you got low career is
going to the fucking championship round
against Steph and klay holy crap guys
okay Devin Booker is first in the
championship round against the splash
brothers this kid is 19 years old the
pressure doesn't even faze and he's
playing in front of all so we can sell
out crowd you missed the first two shots
come on book I only have you only get
one point in the first back two three
four come on please please
five six
he keeps missing the fucking money
ballsy he missed all money balls you
have to make those if you wonder why I'm
so hyped the way the Phoenix Suns season
has been going this is like the NBA
Finals for me there's no playoffs for
the Suns there's no meaningful games
missed every single Moneyball yeah he's
gonna get killed by a Korean clay buddy
oh he only got 16 fucker
it's okay I still love you Steve Nash I
love you so much guys
what oh my gosh I miss Steve Nash on the
Sun so much come on Steve oh my god
check if you don't give him a 10 good
lord Aaron Gordon is crazy
hey man zach lavine this is gonna be a
close one they're both fucking crazy I
have the same reaction as him he's from
air he went to college in Arizona so I
like him but zach lavine is raw - look
at this oh my gosh guys Aaron Gordon is
a monster he just went between both legs
not one between both legs with his left
hand
zach lavine save your last dunk there's
no point to even do it just go home
everybody go home and Gordon won this
thing I don't care it's oh my god
everything I just said I take it back
zach lavine just windmill from the
fucking free-throw line Wow
oh my gosh guys these two are it's a tie
that's his teammate Andre Miller
I literally spoke to sue and I said
everybody go home bah bah bah and Zach
Lavine comes out with a fucking windmill
from the free-throw line
fucking 112 a.m. 112 in the morning I'm
Bhaskar editing my vlog and I am still
so fucking hype that Devin Booker liked
my tweet hmm
that is my homie now that's my best
friend like if I were to see him and go
like this swim here by I also do the guy
favorite view tweet like we just know
each other now like god oh my god I can
like I'm gonna like drop out of school
and quit YouTube because what more do I
have to live for guys honestly you've
bledsoe favorited that tweet as well
like do you see this part of my shorts
it wouldn't happy that color though I'm
gonna say that
