got this yo robot squad first of all how
many damn times am I going to wear this
fucking shirt I'm so I'm literally so
basic but I'm just looking if there's
any broad squad members watching this
video any brawlers and I'm sure they are
because you guys are the best squad
anyways I'm getting ready to what do you
know go to the fucking gym I got a pair
of socks here I got my double pair of
socks here like is my life ever going to
change I'm such a boring fucking person
but this is what I love to do most I'm
gonna go play bass time ago ball on some
people I'm gonna make some people look
like Brandon Knight but anyways oh no
someone just knock on the door right
here from inside I wonder who that could
be anyone there oh we heard something
who's that is Bosley had enough of
Brian's shit so he's asking for out
Bosley what's up dude hey scavenging the
house see anything you don't like Big
Boss
hey Bosley did you know Devin Booker and
Eric Bledsoe you know who they are good
look at this this is ridiculous even
when I tie them so so tight they still
kind of dangle off and I almost step on
them when I'm on the court but um yeah I
really need new laces or I might just
buy new basketball shoes altogether I've
been wanting new basketball shoes I
don't know trying to find some orange
and purple one also actually still
haven't fixed my damn phone screen and
it's gotten worse see it wasn't this bad
when it first happened but it cracks
more overtime mama asked me to hook up
the damn phone and the son listens to
the momma so I got a hook up the damn
phone
mom damn isn't a bad word okay the
gosh-darn phone my mom said she mom I'm
gonna die if you put bleach in my
toothbrush push it almost tripped on my
ways
oh I gotta tie this guy's I need someone
to piss me off really quick remember
what I told you about playing bass ball
when you're pissed off it it's like it
literally is the best thing ever so I
need someone to piss me off if I go to
the gym really quick I might have to go
see Jackie for a little guys I'm
honestly so happy not just because the
newest addition to my wall is fresh as
fuck not just cuz of that but I woke up
this morning God with zero video ideas I
woke up like ready to end my upload
streak but then like I dug deep and I
thought about it and I had to upload and
instead of uploading one video guys I'm
double uploading today here's my first
video ready to upload and I got my
second video rendering right here so uh
I'm honestly so happy I'm about to go to
the gym kind of tie this shoe and head
out we are fucking if the light of
heaven comes down and shines right now I
would be surprised because we are
witnessing a miracle and I have no words
for it
holy shit look at this look at this
miracle I'm eating home-cooked food guys
the world might be ending but I don't
know what's going on but I'm actually
eating a home-cooked meal Wow
I don't know what's wrong with me right
now I'm eating a home-cooked meal and I
have to leave in like two minutes so I'm
honestly probably gonna eat this so fast
I'm gonna have a heart attack so what do
you know I'm gonna end up having a heart
attack from a home-cooked meal and not
from fast food no cuz I have to eat it
so fast and get stuck right here no I
what you wake up with this energy in a
good mood singing I wish a lot of people
can't wake up like that like that die oh
I hate I can't stand people who wake up
or like are just in a bad mood for no
reason
there's no point like like I have a
point being a bad mood just look at the
nba.com standing and see where the Sun
stand I have a reason to be in a bad
mood so I go to gym I got to eat this
dick yeah I did yoga I said banana burn
clean that working we're going heavy
today today's heavy day you know
guys I just had like my most productive
work out my most effective work out in
like the past month or two and I played
really good basketball like 3:30 do I
was there for like hey buzz Li Bosley
don't go out don't go out I'll just
about to say something like crying oh my
god
guys rug and I with makeup on again
brother I was at the gym five for half
hours but but from what a blood test for
what eight yeah really why'd you get
mahalia AIDS on I do for sure I'm
feeling happy today so I'm taking buzzy
to the park Bosley hey yeah I am I'm
taking it to bring Park public look guys
Bosley doesn't have a nose literally
does have a nose no in all seriousness
pugs have a lot of breathing problems
and they're not allowed to be out in the
heat for a while so I'm gonna just take
Bosley to the park Bosley you want to go
in the car Bosley so fucking over my
shit right now so yeah I'm gonna take
Bosley to the park he's never brian has
Bosley ever been to the park no right
okay guys ballsy's about to go to the
park for the first time in his young
life but he's not neutered and we have
no more condoms so honestly if he like
goes in he's fucking child support he's
knocking some lady up so Bosley listen
I'm gonna take you on the car I'm gonna
take you to the park but you have to
promise me to keep this inside okay or
you got a pull-out ma you ready to go in
the car and go to the park and go for a
walk in your hand okay let's go look how
excited he is yo you want to go in the
car you really want to go in the car
let's go in the car let's go all right
what wait we got to put your leash on
Bosley where's your leash where's the
leash oh look what it is buzz Lee it's
the leash okay okay okay okay wait hold
on let me put your leash Bosley we're
going in this car guys he's used to
going in the truck because he shed so
much so I've never put him in my car
but honestly Bosley I'm trying to
rekindle this friendship so let's get in
the car we're going in my car all right
guys look
Bosley hey what are you doing Bosley
look who's in the car with me it's
Bosley hey guys look who I'm chillin
with in the car
so Bosley say what's up Bosley
he's already being bad he keeps trying
to pull me with the leash first time at
the park while he's trying to piss
everywhere Bobby let's go get water this
should help cure his fucking depression
oh shit
another dog oh shit the owner saw me
recording come here Bosley come here
Bosley get off the damn planter Bosley
get off get off
Bosley what are you doing guys what the
hell is buzzing Bosley come here get out
get out on let's go get water
you're dying of thirst boss so you have
no nose can I donate some of my nose to
you big-ass nose right here on my face
look guys he keeps trying to pee he
doesn't even have any more piss
no no stop getting on the planet
guys baggage truck look he's peed two
times here one there and one there
he has no piss left in his fucking penis
but he keeps trying to pee everywhere -
Marcus territory because he smells other
dogs specifically females he's trying to
get it in
okay Bosley because he's actually having
so much fun but I need to take him soon
because for some reason he's not
drinking water and I don't want to get
dehydrated it's pretty hot huh zli hey
you want to do this more often Bosley
coming come on
hey bossy hey buddy what's up hey
yeah Bobby you want to go back home yet
you're too hot Bugsy let's go back home
you need water okay go back home okay
Bosley guys see not even half an hour
and Lil dude's breathing so hard Bosley
come on go back and get water
semmen Isaac where doubt
let's get my crack
ah
which Okuda keep drinking Bosley I know
you're thirsty that's it five-second
chug know you want more huh
guys my dad comes through in the clutch
again he fixed the hoop that I broke
once I tried to dunk and it fucking
broke my dad fixed it he literally got
the chains and whips used from Passion
of the Christ look at all this dad I
would play with you guys but I took a
pre-workout the gym look at my hand
Brian look I'm not doing this on purpose
dad look no because I think I is because
I take it on empty stomach and it's but
it makes it I know but I'm saying I
already took it earlier look I'm not
doing this on purpose guys it literally
is so jittery go okay if you miss the
next one you delete your YouTube channel
because I'm so jealous of you I want you
to delete it da ha no more rug come on
damn Daniel damn Daniel okay dad you're
lying
damn Ron damn Ron back at it with the
Nike slippers in the damn Sun with jeans
klay Thompson he said Thompson Kyle hey
Ultra dad why are you in those with
Jesus hurry up I need to go I'm actually
laughing cuz of what a crazy boyfriend I
am listen to this
Jackie tweeted saying trays the only guy
who gets that it's all about me and I
looked at that and I replied I said okay
lol you know like being true and I never
find her texts and like I just didn't
even open my phone or anything she just
tweeted saying when I'm referring to a
song but you're too crazy to take a joke
first of all feels stupid but second I
replied saying OSHA I can text you back
now parentheses after you send me the
lyrics from a verified website so I
believe you that it's a song you go
pineapples my true broad squad true bro
artists fans know what I'm gonna say
next
oh shit I need to eat the pineapples to
make my taste better mm-hmm and I really
don't want it to taste that
I shouldn't have a problem with the
taste of it anymore Bosley I'm at the
gym for hours and hours every day and I
keep going with my life
you were at the park for 20 minutes you
fat fuck you have to go to sleep right
away but first of all I just want to
roast myself really quick literally why
is my upper lip the McDonald's symbol
the McDonald's logo like hello you need
a sponsor or something McDonald I'm a
sponsor you guys look at this clearly
but above all I'm loving it right here
on my fucking face second of all me and
Robert damn Daniel before that shit was
invented look at this 170 171 weeks ago
whatever it says me and rug invented
damn Daniel so first of all we need
credit for that times to do we were both
damn Daniel and he has a study shirt now
Oh whoo Wow
guys the Warriors in a tight one against
my boy draaga CH and against my other
boy Gerald Green I think I'm about to go
to CVS right now ma I didn't mom I
already recorded you I see you from the
mirror okay guys um I'm about to go to
CVS pharmacy or like Walgreens or
something cuz your boys out of body wash
after that last shower and your boys out
of shampoo I had to use rugs shampoo
that last one but but I'm about to go no
problem mother go CVS pharmacy Oh mom I
didn't shower after the gym and I'm on
your bed oh I'm just joking I showered
yeah guys some go buy two out you know
that stretch where you just have to go
and you fucking like just your whole
body dies your ball side drops down to
your legs and like you just like it's
just the worst stretch of your life or
the best I should say but yeah I'm gonna
go buy some body wash and shampoo
literally 20 minutes of exercise has
knocked him out for the past three hours
you're not used to that home Bosley but
do you want to go in the car and go to
the park more often yeah we could do
that if you promise not to pee
everywhere every two seconds
oh yeah Thank You Ronnie easy on the leg
down bunch of mostly white frames okay
so I came to Walgreens I'm about to get
the body wash whatever that I need and
then I see Carl's jr. IV in two meals at
home today okay I think I need to reward
myself with fast food you already know
and then I saw the 99-cent store behind
me and uh mine and Jackie's anniversary
is coming up so you already know I got
to stop at the 99 cents for but it now
I'm just doing oh man I'm so fucking
funny oh shit
the girl in the car next me saw me
recording
I wouldn't needed some of those but I'm
a savage and I only go in the wall guys
holy shit I just went the biggest
mistake of my life was going down the
candy aisle because I bought 19 dollars
worth of fucking candy dug down in the
oh my god Markieff Morris only scored
five points again for games combined
with the Wizards he scored 21 points and
four games combined that's literally
that's like a five point per game
fucking average damn thanks for the
first round pick anyways though but yeah
I spent so much fucking money on candy
oh my god
dug down beneath all that candy was my
body wash and shampoo don't worry guys
look at the line to chick-fil-a but I
only like chick-fil-a breakfast I don't
go for the thing that's crazy
look at Carl's jr. no line at all and
that's because it tastes like shit but I
still like it
let's go into the goddamn yo BBQ please
anything else no that's it okay 904
thank you for coming Thank You Man I
appreciate it well oh my god no she's
gonna kill me at the fuckin window oh
shit
Bosley actually likes me Lucky's in my
room Basel you're literally a flat piece
of wood okay guys I'm ending the vlog
right here I actually did why is my
shirt damn tucked in but uh I'd actually
Brian what the fuck are you I'm making a
snapchat behind oh shit okay yeah guys
actually did a lot today I freaking took
ball why - laughs leave why am i doing -
the sleeps I took Bosley to the dog park
for the first time in his life
motherfucker he literally
Dan even look up at the park all he did
was pee everywhere I'm just making up
behind the scenes video bins long yeah
and Bosley just peed everywhere all over
the park
till he literally ran out of piss oh no
I went to Walgreens and got ripped off
and scan
I'm for $19 of candy Brian I bought 19
dollars worth of candy it's impossible
not to buy chips yeah like I literally
and what else I went to the gym
obviously I watched the Warriors first
eat Steph Curry klay Thompson yeah 72
points by what else oh I didn't go to
chick-fil-a breakfast I don't know guys
I just hope you enjoyed this vlog I love
the show cuz it doesn't show the sweat
from my armpits but um it's time to go
oh yeah also guys in a couple hours or
maybe a couple minutes who knows I'm
gonna have another upload for you guys
that's two days straight with a double
upload two days straight you know the
upload is reacting to devin booker x'
three-point contest really yeah so yeah
guys that's two straight days with a
double upload don't expect this too much
though because I'm not sure how often I
can double upload but I will have an
upload for you guys every day
Bogg lee say peace out bro watch squad
peace l brought squad well buzz and I
know you sounded like that piece of shit
