speaking of basketball highlights guys
you won't believe how many people tell
me bring your camera to the gym record
yourself playing pick up oh my god I'm
really feeling that but record yourself
playing pick-up ball you know you always
talk about basketball but you never let
us see you play aside from my plane with
rug guys what you don't know is when I
made my 10k subs subscribers special
video at the end of the video was
basketball highlights just like little
short clips that my friends would have
recorded from when I played in a league
a couple months when we won the
championship so that was an early early
video only has like 8,000 views so in
case a lot of you have missed it I'm
gonna play it right here okay
I'm slick with all guys look at this
obviously these how it's in a while it
makes you want to go play so bad in the
league oh look at this
shimmy get off me bro get off me
champions champs guys you want to know
one funny thing actually I actually led
the whole entire league in fucking
technical fouls that League but um but
yeah we won the champion that was my
first ever League and only league that I
played in won the title I definitely
want to play in another league and I
definitely want to bring this camera set
it up on a stand guys I don't do that at
the gym playing pickup ball because that
concept is just weird to me like pickup
basketball is nothing serious but this
was actually serious and I'm glad to
show you because a lot of people want to
see me play other than a 1 B 1 versus my
little brother as you see I'm not trying
to brag but I play much better in the
league with a real game with a real team
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
but yeah you guys finally got to see me
play ball in an actual game and I hope
you guys enjoyed
