I got this
what is going on robot squad I'm doing
this intro right now to apologize first
of all look at that newest addition
thanks to copper wadis I was gonna say
Papa rogue but I think it's time to make
my own Papa wadis Papa bruh water sorta
fuck you want to call it but I'm making
this intro to apologize in advance
because yesterday as you know it was my
really long day at school and I actually
had to stay extra for this lab because
it took a while to do after that my girl
had to take this like exam on her laptop
it wasn't for school was for something
work-related so I went over to help her
out and I didn't have time to make a
video um and I was gonna go today
without an upload but then I came back
home and I looked and I was like I'm on
like a 30 or 31 day upload upload streak
and today would make it like 32 or 31
so I scrammed and I uh I put together
this quick little video uh between the
snapchats that me and Jackie were just
taking for fun yesterday I had I had to
save some of them and you know however
sent some of hers so I put together this
little video for you guys and I'm
apologizing in advance because it's
gonna be sure and it might be boring but
I needed to get an upload for you guys I
see all the tweets saying I'm bored
where's your video for the day or you
know I came back home looking in my
subscription box for your video so I'm
gonna put this out for you guys but I'm
apologizing and I'm gonna make it up
tomorrow I might have a vlog obviously
of today and maybe a double upload
possibly a double upload I'm not sure
yet but it's going to be a vlog for sure
tomorrow um so really quick let me
explain what this videos about so you
know I'm just chilling with Jackie we're
taking snapchats
and um
almost done
I think cuz my face isn't round
look I'm literally boz work I'm over it
never works for me something slipped out
of this mouth something if you have a
girlfriend or you're talking to a girl
you really you really like you don't
want to do this okay just just what
just watch the clip okay just watch the
clip I'm honestly so handsome
now I know what Timmy I mean uh Jackie
oh come on is he so handsome
you're ugly get out of mouth that's all
you were saying last night okay but I'm
saying now bitch doesn't matter fuck out
I don't record we're trying to do the
damn work I'm leaving okay go it does
right there wide open okay you saw right
there uh I was obviously I looked really
ugly with that effect and I was trying
to be like sarcastic I thought oh I look
handsome just like I'm supposed to say
just like Jackie tells me but instead
obviously guys I was just joking I said
this on purpose as a joke I don't have
no fucking side chick named Tammy
Tammy's the girl that does my damn
eyebrows but I said Tammy just to get a
reaction from Jackie and so then it went
on to this because obviously that's how
girls are and that then led to this
I had to massage her back to get her to
love me again
while she was doing her homework but um
guys we're obviously just joking like
well she probably got mad for a little
bit by though she got over and she just
wanted to use me for the massage guys
and I know since a lot of you don't get
the concept of sarcasm I'm gonna just
leave this out here
Jackie woods not actually pissed she was
not actually mad we just have like a
funny relationship where I'll say some
dumb shit like that she'll pretend to
get mad or get out of my house you're
ugly cuz I know someone's gonna comment
dude she called you ugly and she kicked
out of her house does she even like you
know guys come on it's just sarcasm at
least I would hope I'm just doing guys
here's another thing I wanted to address
really quick um I mentioned like in my
speech whatever I went on like that rent
or speech guys this camera so bad and
I'm sure the sound comes out worse so I
apologize my I'm not sure where my
digital camera is right now but anyways
I've mentioned before I said when you
guys hate in the comments I don't care
like me and my girlfriend read the hate
and we just laughed like oh your girls
Loki smashing rug we laugh or a dude bro
Auguste you got a huge nose I know I
have a huge nose it's funny
so we laugh or dude Broadus you only get
yourselves from rug fuck you all that
that's funny I don't care about that but
there's people who just don't get my
jokes or don't get my like sarcasm and
those are the people that I just asked
to please stop watching my videos
because like I said I'm not gonna change
for example I have two examples from the
last video about when rug guy has 1
million plaque you know in the video I
was like I was like oh where's my
hundred K plaque you know rug guy has 1
mil plaque I was like complaining
complaining who would complain about
having a 100 thought if I had a hundred
thousand subscribers and never got a
plaque and it got fucking thrown into
the middle of the ocean and sunk down to
the bottom I wouldn't care the fact that
I have a hundred thousand people
watching my videos enough but of course
people dude you're so jealous of rug who
cares if you haven't gotten your plaque
he deserves it more than you all that
first of all there is a difference
between being jealous and proud there's
a difference between being a proud
brother like I am - Brian I'm
crowd brother I'm proud to have why
would I hate someone please tell me
what's the point of hating what's the
point of being jealous of my own brother
that's my brother this is its blood he
runs in my family I want everyone in my
family to be successful even if I end up
being a hobo in the middle of the
streets it's my brother and mom and dad
and all my cousins are successful why
would I hate on them it's it's blood
like you don't hate you you congratulate
for success I see him putting in hard
work just like myself every single
morning making a video so I congratulate
him I'm not jealous of him but another
thing is just like a silly example when
I said a simple joke I was like I
thought yeah I haven't gotten a haircut
in like eight years
oh I mean eight days and then I said
eight years a day same difference
obviously that's a joke but you won't
believe how many comments would were
saying dude bruh Wallace eight years and
eight days it's definitely not the same
all that or when I say like yeah I need
a haircut bah bah and people are like
dude you're so spoiled it's only been a
week and you haven't gotten a haircut I
go like two months without a haircut
guys I'm obviously fucking joking I
don't need a haircut
I could go months without a haircut but
I just like when it looks fresh like
that's all I'm saying I don't care when
people hey you can leave all comments
below saying you're ugly got a big nose
your lip is the fucking McDonald's
symbol you look like a toucan your
girlfriends ugly okay that's fine me and
my girlfriend read those and laugh but
it's when people don't get my sarcasm
that you just don't even need to watch
my videos because I'm not gonna change
but I'm not gonna rant because you
already know when these socks come on
double socks and you put my shoes on
then I gotta go to shit I gotta go to
the gym to go play ball
all right guys since I guess I have some
time I'm I want to address this and I
know a bunch you guys are dying to know
because me and Lawrence boast in the
comments we see the tweets oh why don't
you hang out with Broadus anymore why
don't you and lawrence hang up holy shit
what the fucking ceiling fan almost just
fell on me oh I'm just joking but I'm
not joking that should almost follow me
but okay guys me and Lawrence have no
beef that's my boy that's my best friend
for the past four or five years like you
gotta understand busy like I'm super bit
you see him hanging out with rogue all
the time
I'm not trying to be like I'm not saying
this in a bad way at all but Rutgers
didn't go to the gym he doesn't have a
girlfriend he doesn't go to school he
has a lot of free time he hustles really
hard on his videos but after he makes
his videos he has a lot of free time and
again I'm not saying this in a mean way
but Lawrence doesn't go to school either
Lauren doesn't have a girlfriend like
yeah you guys might think oh he's
roasting or he thinks he's better than
them because he spends time with a
girlfriend and he goes to school no I'm
not saying that I'm just saying it to
show you guys that are scheduled or like
opposite um and also at the same time
like I go to the gym for so many hours
and it's not really a wall it's not like
oh well you don't have to go to the gym
you can go hang out with Lawrence but
the gym to me is a need like once you
get into lifting once you love
basketball so much it becomes like when
you don't do it for a day you like you
have to get back in the gym so that's
not an option I have to get into the gym
every single day you guys see I barely
even have time to go to sleep I'm
sleeping like four hours a night I just
if Mia Lawrence end up hanging out some
days for some hours and I appreciate
every single second of it because I know
we don't really have that much time to
hang out but it's no beef we're not 12
years old we're not 15 years old we're
not fucking high school freshman we
don't have no beef we're both adults and
it's simply our schedules don't match
and our time doesn't like it doesn't
cost Pat's him and him and rug have more
free time than I do I'm saying that in
the nicest way I'm like I don't say this
to brag I'm trying to say this in the
least braggy way but like I wake up go
to school from school I'm off to the gym
after the gym I'm trying to edit a video
after the video you know I've got a
girlfriend who are I don't know if you
guys can hear that but I'm fucking died
during this video but me and my
girlfriend our schedules don't match so
we try to find any time that we're both
free so that we can see each other so
like when me and Lawrence would hang out
and I'll make all those vlogs I wasn't
in school and like that obviously takes
up a bunch of time because yeah you can
say oh you only go to college two days a
week but college is not like you might
be spending more time on your work in
college outside of school than you do in
class because the work is it's a work
load like it's a burden you got to spend
a lot of time in it on it I should say
wow what a fuck what what
irony I'm talking about college and
school and I make a grammar mistake but
but yeah me alors have no beef like I
texted my now saying what's up I love
you Lauren today like I love you too
like it's nothing holy shit I'm gonna
turn this fucking light off but yeah
like ever since school started and I
started taking YouTube more seriously
and then obviously my girlfriend got a
second job so our schedules don't really
match I struggle to find time not just
saying I'll orange but to hang up have
you I've been hanging out with fuck boy
last I've been barely seeing my cousin's
Jessica man to Mandy my friend Ollie and
Jordan I've seen them like one time in
the past like three weeks so but listen
we're adults like if we were kids I'd
get a text saying dude uh so you're
really gonna like cut me off you're
really not going to talk to me but no
we're adults we're mature we're all busy
we know that you know if I go if I go
missing for like a month putting in hard
work going to school all this that
doesn't mean shit that means I'm
grinding in life and like I need to do
what I need to do so I just thought I'd
address that because me and Lawrence
don't even bother replying to those
because we know we're all good you know
I'm gonna go get him some fucking water
with ice and he'll be all fine but
anyways guys yeah me and Lawrence no
beef like that's my boy our schedules
just don't match and the fact that he
lives over an hour away it also doesn't
help that actually has fire to the flame
but anyways guys on now I need to go to
the gym I hope you guys enjoyed this
really short video and like I said I'm
I'm gonna make it up to you guys
tomorrow bro watch squad thanks for
sticking with me all this time and I
love you guys all
