who's gonna get picked hey do I have to
put my name in the jar oh yeah yeah
Holly you're lazy bro hey drive past it
no milk come here you're lazy too okay
watch what there's so lazy all we had to
do was walk to the car and they said oh
look this way for you got to get the
cars you can pick us up
look at them lazy no wonder they're
related oh no it's raining it's raining
don't make them walk Jordan don't make
them walk it's raining it's raining
bless sgj plastic man somebody made man
so somebody in this car is going to be
getting a body part wax warmer what
happened to San Diego we used to call
this place sunny San Diego this don't
look too sunny to me to propel it's
sprinkling you act like it's a damn
tornado okay so if all he gets picked
we're probably shaving the beard okay so
what are gonna shave your ass yeah okay
it's really hairy so if I get picked
it's probably gonna be the beard if
Dennis gets picked I don't know the
beard or the bag baby no no let's say
you get picked and what is coming off
where do you let me see your arms Jordan
you don't have any hair Jordan is the
first Filipino down with Laker oh I do
have like here are you mix a little bit
ELISA I'm nervous I'm confident and I'm
not gonna get picked I just feel it
though your pudding pudding pudding
pudding pudding that karma rose hey how
about whoever pays for the wax Kate
doesn't put their name in the door a
campaign can release this I get you like
three lines right here for the adidas no
give me that Devin Booker bow give me
the one line like Devin Booker bow can
you do that one line
if I end up having to do it I'm down you
show my ass on camera
yeah pay all on my card so I have a
question just an opinion so we're about
to buy this wax kit since I'm paying for
it don't you think they shouldn't watch
my body just then oh wait
shady party I forgot my money I forgot
my card
oh my god wait Dennis you forgot this
for whoever gets picked we need to
either get this or a bottle sarong
so Dennis turned on us dennis is
literally a snake look at them just cuz
it's raining now Dennis first of all
Ollie is lazy and it has always been
lazy hey Dennis weren't you talking shit
about Romel and Ollie missing from yeah
I could hear his head I could see his
scales hurry up Jordy man hey lock your
door Oh Mel lock your door lock the
doors lock the door Johnny so we got to
fit five people on one couch all leaves
already the biggest dude out of all of
us and look how he sits so we got five
people we got five pieces of paper who
every name gets pink where where the
landscape I feel I the loser has to get
a body part baked and get that last okay
the options of your beard legs chest
bags I don't know whatever dennis has an
abundance of options
Ollie honey slavery al hi okay Dennis
where you gonna put a deed a Romel
because I'm gonna put Daisy guys Daisy's
runnels dog Jordan for you I'll put Jay
as producer I said better than Bosley
okay he just said his unguarded Bosley
antennas getting you five more papers
I'm gonna write one Wells down on all of
them
Romeo just be a picture mistake how
about we just blanks Rimmel forget
there's moe
so here let's crumple these all of us
and say guys don't say
oh by the way Dennis you were nice
enough that even though you paid for the
wax kit you still offered to be in the
game I don't know valves by force or if
it was by good karma my ass needs to be
shaved so you want it volunteers playing
ok my eyes are closed I'm gonna stick my
head and I'm gonna pick one yes or no
yes ok just so you guys know my eyes are
closed
oh god he just picked your own okay no
no no she can't see Jordan
we have animation we open it close to
the camera guys my hand is shaking my
heart no no check I wanted to change and
then he said no I swear no so Dennis you
got Pig
okay yeah yeah uh-huh
Dennis let's take it off to see what
we're working with and then we'll choose
yet okay okay take it off take it off
take it off baby
oh yeah but check it what kind of fur
coat is that oh oh okay
geez wait I think at this one you get
cornrows right here bar these wings you
could either choose a strip of your
chest a strip of your bag or your
shoulders so what do you choose but
everything you're lying you're lying
shut up it was only supposed to be one
stream downs of Wax together wait Dennis
Turner be what you're being a hundred
percent serious the guy wants it hey the
wax strips are fat this is like the oil
after so that you're not in that much
pain and then we got oh oh my gosh
come here Dennis come here baby let's
get it baby
just imagine after it's boiling hot hey
how long do you think I should put it
for like six minutes
No thirty minutes so we heated up the
last night now it was literally smoking
hot and tell you one thing right now you
can't pull it and let go you got to go
fully off hey did you put on the strip
or the means
oh we don't drink okay whoa he's not
good at blowing
brand-new wetsuit
brand new wax him I didn't know you
dumbass was gonna get more veg stuff not
only please blow on it first
oh so that's how you're supposed to hold
her mouth have any sticky Ally please oh
oh look there's so much area to put more
he's not like look I'm shaking I don't
know the ass but then it's are you sure
you want us to do the whole body or you
just want one stupid me we love Dennis
and so we're not gonna do full box so
the hair isn't really coming up Jeff I
think there's way too much so we're
gonna move down to the stump this should
be cooled down by let's leave it there
on maybe what am i doing you guys coffee
face coffee face here we go one two
so this was one of the biggest say it's
neither coming up with my hand how's it
gonna come off his body both yo guys so
we here Dennis screaming in the shower
and we know why he's screaming we forgot
to give him the oil that that's supposed
to take the wax off open really quick we
forgot to give you something wrong it
will never come on I swim in you keep
saying it's not coming off
Yello Dennis Dennis it's me you need
this baby this is no cookie so this one
I could really put absurd insane crazy
gone wrong wild and it's not good think
gone sexual okay okay bro you go in the
bathtub
and I'm gonna pour it on you I got you
bro you're my boy oh yeah Dennis there
should be more but when Jay gave me the
bottle accidentally dropped into spit
start rubbing it on there yeah rub it up
baby is it working
why do we do this to our friend that
makes no sense but like what are we
gonna do this to each other bro okay
then is you gotta make them Oh Tommy
Tommy
wait dance let me see if it's getting
better
now hey God better a little bit both but
everyone thinks this is weird but we're
boys okay I'll walk out naked in front
of all my boys right you want me to do
it yeah should I okay fine when you're
in love
Deniz that's been in the shower for
about an hour and nothing is coming off
of his body we ran out of the other oil
it's better than nothing right
hopefully hey I'll cover your water bill
Dennis hey the worse for it is Dennis
pay for the extra mystery
let me see you pour the whole bottle of
vegetable oil on you so fucking
disgusting gone extremely wrong Oh like
any youtuber who's ever booked gone
wrong in their titles it doesn't compare
to this this has gone wrong the wax is
stuck officially and permanently on
Dennis's body okay guys so after like an
eternity of time in the shower this is
not coming off we ran out of the real
oil the vegetable oil isn't working so
the only choice we have is to shave it
off if I remember correctly then it's
didn't want a single patch missing so I
think we're gonna have to shave a lot if
not all of this is just well I'm gonna
make sure oh yeah make sure you leave
the middle
oh wait oh my god that's probably the
sexiest thing
how's that got to hang their bait ball
no if you say what what's your name on
so I'm almost a girl up and run these
we're gonna show you get the wife run
off with the razor and go pick this
video up after that okay guys so it's
time to close out today's video if
you're wondering where all my other
friends are they let a goth so late me
and then is I've been trying and trying
to get this wax off his body it's like
4:00 in the morning right now so they
have to go home and you know we're still
trying nothing is working even when we
tried to shave it the wax is still so
sticky that we could have shaved it but
Dennis you're a real one I love you I
don't know like I wouldn't be able to do
this I swear there's no way when you got
there said I want my whole body in my
head on my the old do you know what
waxing is there's no way a lot of
screaming a lot of Tears a lot of pain
but he did it nonetheless thank you guys
so much for watching today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed please drop a like
if you did subscribe push a couple like
please yeah please for the pain this guy
went through please drop a like
subscribe to this channel for new videos
every single day other than that guys
I'm Brandon aka Emma Wallace and I got a
job to do for the rest of the night and
that's somehow find a way to get the wax
off my best friend's body Dennis and I'm
out I won't be missed this is for you
guys
mhm this was for you guys so please drop
a like
