what is going on bro watch watch I just
woke up so I sound like shit but oh yeah
as you can see I'm still growing this
beard out but I think I'm gonna shave it
today because today I have a haircut
appointment at 2:30 p.m. I was supposed
to get it yesterday but my boss
something happened with my barber so we
rescheduled for today it's worse it was
the worst phone call of my life him
telling me hey these exact words I'll
never forget them it's like ringing in
my ear a band I'm sorry I can't take you
today I literally almost fell off my
chair I had a heart attack last time I
got a haircut was eight days ago it's
been eight days and the last time I went
eight days without a haircut was
probably like 2014 it's been like a year
or two so I'm hyped
oh my gosh I literally just woke up I'm
hyped to get my haircut today that's not
all I have plans so I'm gonna go to the
gym I'm gonna play ball I haven't played
ball in like three days I've just shot
around but I'm actually gonna play some
pickup ball and I'm away if I'm gonna
just do a quick shoulders workout then
I'll go get my hair cut after I got my
hair cut me and Jackie are gonna take my
little cousin Stephanie out to get yoga
or to get ice cream whatever it's
Anthony's sister Stephanie so we're
gonna take her out it's um 9:40 right
now I'm gonna lead to the gym at 11
finishing editing my video so on I'm
kind of like tied up today between
editing my haircut taking Stephanie out
to e going to the gym working out
playing ball and also deciding if I
should shave the beard you know I
literally got mixed comments on my last
video when I asked you guys to you know
help me decide if I should keep it half
the people said clean shave half the
people said let it grow some have to
make this decision my own I just wash my
face and brush my teeth so that kind of
like you know woke me up and that woke
me up into realizing that that was one
of the worst intros I've ever done in my
whole life I just sounded so dead and so
like out of it
so to sum up that
frickin intro I woke up early to edit my
video I'm almost done editing that after
that I'm gonna hit the gym i'ma play
ball I haven't played ball in a couple
of days you know I'm gonna get my devin
booker game on also for some reason i
don't want to talk about it I'm pissed
off right now and everyone who plays
basketball knows you don't actually know
how good you are playing ball until you
play when you're pissed off because for
some reason when you play that phone
you're mad you play the best you play
the best that you play like I don't know
why I can't explain it but you just play
better when you're pissed after that I'm
gonna go get this cut that I haven't
gotten in like eight years eight days
whatever same thing and then I'm gonna
take my cousin out to eat and then
whatever happens rest of the day is
unplanned so we'll see what goes on but
I'm a vlogger for you guys alright guys
so I just finished editing this it's
rendering right now and what do you know
1014 and I think I just might have
enough time for fucking chick-fil-a
breakfast do you see the smile on my
face you know why because in the peel
box opening video somebody sent me a $10
chick-fil-a gift card and I'm gonna use
that $10 to play gift card - oh shit rug
does have a makeup on use that $10 gift
card to go get me the chick-fil-a
breakfast so thank you very much uh what
was your name I think name was Nicole so
I just got to put my double socks on in
my basketball shoes and then I'll hit
the road Bosley you're so cute when you
look he has it too I because you look
like a clown well you look like Stephen
King's it
Pennywise hey okay okay okay look guys
all he wants wipe his eyes on my hand
Danny to do it this is for you Oh guys I
don't know why cuz I buggers with my
hand so lemme glove
oh shit there Bosley you wanna wipe your
butt don't bite don't bite you want to
wipe your eye boogers on my hand okay
oh hey don't do that don't do that don't
be bad you just woke up Bosley now that
I cleaned your face what do you say
Thank You Man appreciate it and give me
your hand
no lovely give me your give me your hand
good dog good boy
listen don't buy oh oh oh okay okay okay
okay all right all right all right all
right
Oh with the sneeze Oh between the legs
oh shit guys you might never hear from
Fonzie again because me taking the time
to clean his fucking face
now it's 1022 so I might not make it to
chick-fil-a breakfast if I don't make it
into flight breakfast I'm fucking
throwing Bosley down the sewer down the
drain right there the oceans gonna have
a new friend coming in guys who still
fucks oh shit I know that guy from the
gym and he just saw me recording who's
still fucks with Rihanna
I still focal Rihanna and also cuz the
song has drinking it but still
motherfucker piece of shit MUP go
doesn't he know I have to fucking make
it to chick-fil-a breakfast you piece of
shit driving fucking five miles under
the damn speed limit my god oh he has a
nerve he has a nerve to put a sticker on
the back of his car saying I love my
trunk if you love your truck then drive
fast oh whoa oh my god he actually
listened it's ten twenty nine
thank you for choosing trick please um
hey I was wondering if you guys are
still serving breakfast Oh another
minute okay guys if you're wondering why
I got two separate orders it's because I
was gonna eat this to the quick and go
to the gym but rug just called me and
asked me if I can buy him food and I
told him I said Brian I don't have time
like because chick-fil-a is pretty close
to the gym it's on the way
so I like to eat it here and then just
go straight to the gym but but he wanted
food so he called me and I told him I
said Brian honestly like I'm gonna be
late if I come all the way back home and
then go to the gym cuz they start
playing lunchtime at 11 o'clock but then
the way he said okay bye it was kind of
like a okay bye so me having a good
heart that I do I fucking felt bad so
now I'm gonna go all the way back home
drop them off the food and then I don't
even know if I have time to eat myself
but and then I'm gonna go back to the
gym so yeah please
laughter thank you
you already know what's coming you know
what's coming guys so in case you didn't
know the Phoenix Suns play the Los
Angeles Clippers today tonight I mean
and I'm in San Diego so in LA it's about
a two two and a half hour drive and I go
to every single Phoenix Suns game that
they come down to LA because I mean two
two-and-a-half hour drives to go see my
babies that's not bad at all
so I was on Ticketmaster today earlier
and you know I'm looking at the tickets
and then I open a separate tab on my
computer and I type in Phoenix Suns
roster okay so uh I look at the roster
you know I see the players I laugh to
myself a little well not a little I
actually piss myself from laughter I
then typed in Phoenix Suns schedule
results I looked at how in the last 30
games we have one two okay two games out
of the last 32 and 28 in our last 30
games you know what I did you know the
little red the red button it's usually
at the top of the browser you don't have
like a X and move my mouse to the
Ticketmaster page and I press that X I'm
not fucking going to the game I love my
sons I love my team but for me to spend
my money on this team the way they
played this year and the way they
performed I've been playing with any
heart anything is a joke at this so
signs I'm sorry but if you want your
fans to go see the games with the way
you've played this year you guys
probably have to pay the fans to go to
the games so yeah I'm not gonna be going
out to the game tonight honestly but I
still love you sons look at my jacket
blood so Booker playing at night fuck
you lesbian come get the food Bryan I
can't stay
oh he doesn't have a leash to take him
to jail someone take him to jail
whele all right guys time to go now I'm
gonna get back to you guys once I
finished playing basketball and with my
workout I'm gonna miss you guys I'm
trying so hard not to cry cuz I'm up on
my vlogging camera down for a few hours
but I think I'll be okay
guys oh my god
I just put fucking chip
I just put chapstick on my little but it
was in the car so I guess it had melted
in the fucking Sun while I got the gym
and you fucking be fucking all over my
lips melted yep chapstick
so guys net so remember how before I
went to go play ball I told you that you
don't play like you don't know how good
you are until you play when you're
pissed off today was literally the best
basketball that I've had in my life I
plays four games okay first games like a
warm-up whatever second game my team
scored eight points and we lost we
scored eight I scored seven of those
points okay seven third game we won like
we play up to eleven I scored three I
hit three threes in a row to win the
game like we had five points I hit to
seven to nine eleven to eleven and then
third game I just dominated like I'm not
cocky at all and every time that's how I
play but today I honestly wish that I
brought this camera down and set it down
somewhere and just recorded because I
can honestly today was the best pick-up
day basketball of my life like I don't
even care you guys so I just got my cut
and the lighting is really bad for you
guys to see right here so imma show to
you when I get home but I forgot to
mention I was playing so like good and
basketball like basketball players know
if any of my subscribers play ball when
you're hot the rim looks so big like
you'll shoot anything in the ball will
go in no matter how you shoot it people
were actually had their phones out
snapchatting me because I wasn't missing
but anyways I'm about to go pick up food
from wings and things it's literally
right behind me right next to the
barbershop and then I'm gonna go home so
I'm starving and I'm a pickup food right
now okay guys I got my hair come still
sweaty from the gym but you can see here
I got that skin taper to a two or kind
of left the top okay yeah yeah same
thing but honestly this beard gotta go
this peach fuzz whatever the hell it is
this has got to go because I'm not
fucking with this so about again in the
shower I'm ashamed of beard guys
honestly I let her go like three four
days and it's coming in it could have
kept growing you could have kept coming
in but I just don't like it makes me
feel dirty like I don't know I don't
like it
wait the question was what's another
word for stoned and the guy said lay
another word for stoned is high as fuck
no but they did say highest fuck I want
them to in a heart
guys my brother just got a package in
the mail bond what is it 1 mil Platt how
long has it been
holy it's been like four and a half to
five months and he just got his plaque
guys I know I hit a hundred K like Brian
went a couple months ago and I still
haven't gone 100 K plaque so damn that's
crazy he's my brother got his 1 million
plaque 1 million whatever the hell it's
called plaque so oh no that's crazy
Jenna don't record under the towel Thank
You Man appreciate it ok ok boom boom
clean-shaved for the first time in like
four or five days guys honestly I rather
do this I know some people a lot of
people were telling me to keep the beard
but I can't do it all so now you can see
my hair cut I cut a little bit off the
top and not too much skin whatever the
usual
let's see rug Brian where's your plaque
how'd you carry it upstairs guys this
shit's heavy how much gold 500 care gold
oh it's like 24 oh wait yeah 24 kg P 24
the air lights up my ass gold that's
crazy
hey my fingerprints you should hang it
up somewhere look how small the 100k is
compared to that everybody watch squad
remember how earlier in the vlog I said
that me and Jackie were gonna take
Stephanie out to you uh or today yoga or
whatever later today well it turns out
that she has a bunch of homework and
she's not allowed out today so instead
me and Jackie Jackie's just about to
come over really quick and I think we're
gonna get Jamba Juice she's gonna bring
Jamba Juice so I'm for that I love Jamba
Juice Oh guys look at these new shorts I
picked up they were kind of pricey but
they're so comfy like
look they're like they're tapered shorts
that's what they're called but if you
don't know what they feel like they're
like sweatpants except basketball shorts
pretty much they were kind of pricey a
like $70 they're so comfy they got this
long zipper for some reason guys my
girlfriend says I can't wear them in
public though because it shows the
imprint of my organs of you guys once
the Jamba Juice gets here bro watch Quan
I love you guys behind the scenes of
rugs
mom I haven't even gotten my hundred K
thing by the time I get my hundred K I'm
literally gonna have ten million
subscribers by the time I get my plaque
they're never gonna send it to me
Bosley look at Basel he's literally
stuck under the table he's been staring
at me for ten years I know he ate
guys remember when I said Jackie was
gonna bring Jamba Juice over blah blah
blah well she's at Jamba Juice right now
and look guys it's just a little things
that keep your girls happy younger dudes
take notes actually even older dudes
everybody take notes so I called her and
I was like are you saw Jamba Juice she
said yeah I mean she said that she was
on her way and I told her I said well
I'm gonna go there because I missed you
and it's been this long and I haven't
seen you in the song she said but I'm
coming over anyway and I told her I said
no when you get there stay there because
I'm coming I haven't seen you in a while
it's been like honestly like last night
it's been like 20 hours and I want to
see your beautiful face sooner so stay
there I'm gonna come and then we'll come
to my house just so I can see her sooner
cuz these eyes miss seeing her beautiful
face but uh so yeah I'm gonna go to
Jamba Juice to see her and then we're
gonna come back home it may seem
pointless but honestly it's the little
things I keep your girl happy and also
makes me happy because I get to see my
girlfriend sooner zoobank actually minzu
is like what so bad but just how I smile
even I don't smile with teeth
even his selfies that look good I
thought I laugh laugh laugh oh shit hold
on asked you guys so it's like midnight
and Jackie's about to leave we have
class tomorrow together from 11 a.m. to
6:40 p.m. the Phoenix Suns let me just
recap while I was away for a few hours
the Phoenix Suns lost to the LA Clippers
by 40 points 4 0 84 to 124 honestly Ben
Simmons come here well not here because
I'm gonna San Diego but you get my point
come to Phoenix
we need you I think I'm gonna go get
some in an hour right now because I'm
hungry and the only food we have at home
is a salad
and I really do shit I was hit the
fucking recycled in well yeah I'm not
really in the mood for a salad so I
think I'm gonna go get a burger or maybe
two I might get two burgers I don't know
either wait guys it's almost midnight
I'm about to eat it then I'm going to
edit this vlog imma be up for a while
study a little bit for for my humanities
class tomorrow and and then I go to I'm
gonna go to sleep because your boys
tired you know my girlfriend is a
fucking speed racer they stop driving so
fast yeah you did listen to me I have a
f-sport Lexus and I was trying to catch
up to you so I can get to your window
and tell you I love you and you were
fucking babe I have to go I'm at I'm at
the drive-thru place no liner in
analysis hi that's fine no liner in a
now is this a fucking miracle
thank you ma'am appreciate it
oh shit
oh hey she said second window
because I have a change in the rule to
the game I made yesterday yesterday I
made a game for all my subscribers where
you have to guess the age I'm gonna die
regarding all the fast food I eat if I
kept eating it at the same rate and the
winner gets in here on my YouTube
subscribers once I die I guess you can
also in here in my car but today I had
fast food three fucking times in one day
I had chick-fil-a then wings and things
and then in and out so I kind of cheated
because that's just way too much so if
you want to change the day that you said
I was gonna die to an earlier date for
example if you said I was gonna die at
the age of 28 but I fast food three
times today so you want to change it to
I'm gonna fucking die in my sleep
tonight and I won't live to see the
light of tomorrow then that's acceptable
and you can change it because I usually
only eat fast food like once a day maybe
twice if we're pushing it but three
times I don't know what the hell
possessed me today but oh my god this
smells so damn good oh shit
two cheeseburgers not one but damned -
okay guys so I'm watching the four
cheese whopper and also picked up some
more fan mail from the PIO box earlier
today so I'm gonna read that before I go
to bed just to go to sleep with a smile
on my face that's what you guys do
anyways there's one problem
look at that time 144 a.m. almost two in
the morning okay as you see fucking dark
outside and I haven't even started
editing my vlog - it's gonna take about
two hours and your boy at school
tomorrow so I'm gonna be up till like
4:00 or 5:00 in the morning and then I
gotta wake up at like 9:00 for school so
again another short sleep night so I can
get a video up for tomorrow anyways I
love you bro watch what and I hope you
enjoyed this vlog yeah I end up shaving
my beard now it's itchy but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog and stay
tuned for the video tomorrow because you
know I've been uploading daily for you
guys 30 day upload streak
I love you guys all right on time guys I
got class at 11 and I just finished
editing my blog check this outfit out
rockin the brand new Nikes and I'm good
