I got this so what is going on you guys
it's your boy Brandon aka bruh wadis and
I'm bringing the brats quad another
prank I haven't done a prank in a while
uh and I've been wanting to do it and
this one wasn't planned or anything the
opportunity just popped up and I'm like
I need to do this uh you all remember
when my brother was the pranks in this
family tables are turning so on you guys
all know my cousin Anthony fuck boy
Sherman uh uh he asked me about thirty
minutes ago
you know he texts me I'm not doing
anything uh wanna play basketball at my
house I said I don't want to play
basketball cuz I just hopped out the
shower but I'll come cuz I'm not doing
anything I said do you want food he said
what are you getting we can go together
I said no it's fine I'll bring you some
like LnL Hawaiian barbecue what do you
want he says I want a chicken katsu
thank you Baba here's where you know
something popped in my head he wants a
chicken katsu right and I'm picking up
the food he's at home I'm going to get
him a macaroni salad so you know
everybody wow what a boring prank you're
getting him the wrong food big deal in
the wrong order that I get him in the
macaroni salad I'm gonna have the
chicken katsu I'm gonna buy him an EXO
and I'm not a dick okay I kind of am
addicted doing the spring but also have
this regular food within so on the prank
is gonna be you know I'll get him the
macaroni salad oh Anthony here's your
food wait I wanted the chicken katsu oh
sorry the game I thought you wanted a
macaroni salad baba in that macaroni
salad vinegar pure vanilla extract salt
pepper honey from KFC and some rose
water guys I feel like a lot of you
don't know what this is I'm a
trustworthy person so take my word for
this
no way hopefully this prank works to
perfection um you know I'm a vlogger so
I'm just gonna act like you know Anthony
what's up I'm vlogging oh here's your
food okay uh man I hang out Anthony
multiple multiple times
I haven't even pranked him once Anthony
you had this coming I mean how did you
not expect it so uh let's see how this
goes you guys as before I call in this
order I have a weird question why does
my shirt have a selfie of me look get it
cuz my nose but time to calling this
order okay thank you
five to ten minutes I gotta get going
but one two three it is time to go she
complain once I noticed it was
okay guys so we got Anthony's real food
there the chicken katsu with rice
macaroni salad we're gonna put that off
to the side because what we have here is
the macaroni salad that supposedly is
the only thing that I got him and some
fine dining ingredients guys the fucking
cars probably think I'm crazy right now
see I'll show it to you after every
ingredient we're gonna start off with
some rose water so see everything should
be able to mix in here without being
able to tell uh what's in here except
for obviously the funky smell oh whoops
mmm okay
whoops this shit's gonna smell like a
dozen roses on Valentine's Day so we got
the rose water mix that in okay guys I
hope this works
you
I already smells
hey but Anthony honestly he's anything
he has a reputation of eating anything
pepper week now some honey not just any
honey but from Colonel KFC
guys imagine if Anthony tries and he's
like hmm this is some good stuff
mix that it Oh hopefully he doesn't
smell it cuz this shit smells funky
smells funkier than the 80s ha ha ha and
now the vinegar oh fuck I just ruined it
I just ruined it I just ruined it for a
fact because he's gonna smell that shit
did you guys see that it was like a
swimming pool of vinegar okay guys so
there you have it I mean honestly you
can't tell it might look a little wetter
but honestly you can't tell so let's go
do this prank and hopefully execute it
to perfection guys on a scale of 1 to 10
how evil am i and I'm not talking about
the fucking haunted house lights shining
in my face I'm talking about for doing
the prank - Anthony 1 through 10 I'd say
I'm at least a 12 hey you gotta do what
you gotta do you gotta prank my guys so
time to vlog ok long sub brah everybody
yeah
I'm vlogging hola so I hear the Drizzy
Drake playing in the garage uh Andi
please I need water - wait you only
wanted the macaroni salad I said
mitty-kats ou've it's no no I swear to
god that's how I said that's it so I'm
Mac I actually got Anthony Anthony and
macaroni salad when he wanted chicken
katsu and look how much food I got
myself me chicken beef short rib oh
Anthony put that shit down
beautiful guys your favorite bonds
employees Shin copyrighted she would say
yeah but you are doing them she know
I'll get nevermind just say Anthony's
comes with more
oh look how much shitty put on a what to
put oh it's awesome
why do you put that much good fucking
names up
I think how you come what you do Wow
there's a place for a shoes and it's not
there you know what cup are you putting
it in I use the Dixie the little yeah I
really Joey Sindelar I'm not trying all
the socks I Anthony boiler we filled it
I need sauce wait this is it's awesome
Wow it's not fun could you do this is ah
stop loading why is it easy I bring food
for two I'm fucking leaving two of the
most ungrateful
oh cool okay I'm not trying with all the
socks you sure I know he did but okay
okay I've gotta say Mac OS out was bad
I'm saying taste look I've let me look I
want to taste the sauce I didn't mean to
put that much fuck me okay that's your
fault you're still eating it to that
page point I'm not taking money back
from yours guys it's just vinegar salt
pepper honey
I fuckin and rosewater that shit smells
like roses but so girls okay
one more by an Abba surprise for you
guys I really know why can we do that
was from your house
yeah dude come on man to eat one more
buddy one more bond I have a surprise
for you
did I just get more than one I said one
pilot yes all the way hell okay fine
chew it multiple times is that is it
really said that okay I have your real
food in the car I have your real food in
the car open the garage ah guys so this
was meant to bring Anthony only and I
got Anthony and Sheena I got both of
them ah Anthony how did it taste
you just got pranked vibe rewarded why
national finishers ill that's just not
so bad did you notice it your first bite
did you notice that your food fight I
was like wait what the fuck like what
so complaining about it and then he got
his real food so now he's happy
how happy you are to wait someone has to
eat that though we can't waste food
