I got this so we're going on guys but
what is here if I sound dead babe your
phone if I sound at it because I just
woke up and me and my girl girlfriend
are going to Denny's we're gonna get
some pancakes before she goes to work
and honestly I don't know how I'm going
out in public because I haven't gone
haircut in six days six days guys look
she parked behind me so I'm forced to go
to Denny's with her I have no way to get
out am i right you don't have a license
plate in the front no you don't have one
why
don't ask me yeah you're not you're
supposed to have one bottle have one
guys so yeah we're gonna go to Denny's
and go get some pancakes oh my god
my beard
guys look at my slippers
she hates me because I'm going out in
slippers literally why what guys last
night I wore my retainers for the first
time in like four or five days I have
kept forgetting to put them in before I
sleep and holy mother that it hurts so
bad like they felt go go they felt so
Thailand got people asking why I hold
the cross like this all the time it's
because the camera tries to focus on the
cross instead of my face like hello I
understand it's Jesus Christ and you got
to show him the most respect but I'm
trying to vlog
Mirjana - yeah I like a bunch of them -
yeah I can show you with the business
school guys I accidentally took the long
way to Denny's so my girlfriend got here
like a couple minutes before me and I
bet you anything when I walk in she's
gonna be like gonna be like oh why were
you being a ho where did you go before
you came here obviously she's just
joking she's not crazy
wotcher she's latina so she might be a
little crazy but that's a different
story for a different vlog for
respectful purposes i'ma leave my camera
in the car and we're gonna go have a
nice breakfast together you feel me
so I'll get back to you guys after okay
guys how delicious does this plate look
compared to my girlfriend's why's my no
as my so plain
alright so I'm back home and I got my
mother an order of Pancakes to go I
texted rug to see if you want anything
and I got no response from his bitch ass
so he English shit but hey mom
Brian they replied to me Bosley I'm here
Bosley I'm here Bosley I'm right here
listen let me see your hand
when I see your hand it'll give me your
hand lovely give me your hand give me
your hand give me your hand
Bosley I met a dog yesterday she didn't
even know me I had never seen her before
I said give me your paws she went like
this I'm your owner in your hand in your
hand
fuck good boy hey guys
Bobby's acting weird he's like acting
sick
so Bosley hey hey what's up to the vlog
say hi robot squat yeah guys I'm about
to go to the gym it's like 12 o'clock
noon on Saturday so another gym
shouldn't be to pack I'm gonna take the
pre-workout the pre-workout literally it
should be called crack cocaine you take
it and like it might be because I take
the whole thing and it says to only take
half I'm not gonna take the whole thing
today because honestly I took the whole
thing last time and my fingers were
literally shaking like it works I mean
yeah it works the island be taking the
whole thing so what I'm gonna do today
I'm gonna go there drink the pre-workout
before it kicks in shoot around for
maybe like 30 minutes shoot some hoops
hope can't forget my basketball look at
this guy's
Devin Booker that's the name of my
basketball and then after I shoot some
hoops I'm gonna work out my chest
triceps and maybe some ABS if I have fun
oh shit a lizard just ran by
guys I'm sure you guys saw holy shit if
I say the word G Uys guys one more time
I'm I need to be sentenced to fucking
death penalty or something because I say
it way too much but um I showed you guys
my little beard my fucking peach fuzz
earlier in the vlog and that's only from
two days of not shaving I'm telling you
guys if I wanted to go a bit I can grow
you saw it coming in I only haven't
shaved for two days so I want your help
should I try to grow out a beard or
should I keep going clean shave besides
this little goatee like I've been doing
for the past year in my head I have too
much of a baby face to try to grow a
beard because I feel like I would just
look weird like a beard on the baby face
like I don't know but at the same time I
feel like a beard would look fresh with
a little taper like a skin taper but
then again I doubt I can actually grow a
full beard it would just be like a ton
of peach fuzz I don't know I want to
know what you guys think should I go
clean shave or keep this peach fuzz I
don't know but this is like a drastic
decision that a life-altering decision
right here so oh no but honestly I'm
depressed right now because I hate going
to the gym to lift I hate going to work
out I only like it when I play
basketball but you got to do what you
got to do so you don't end up looking
like rug I'm just joking Brian I love
you
of course the time I come here to lift
and not play ball
having moving my shoes under bring my
basketball shoes there's like eight
people in the courts and they're like oh
come on come play we need one more and
I'm so tempted to end my workout early
and go play but I'm gonna stay strong
this one time actually actually you know
what I have to go play no no you know
actually no I'm gonna stay strong I'm
not gonna play today I'm gonna just live
I came here to live so i'ma just list
guys I'm leaving the gym and I ran into
a subscriber at the gym
his name's Anthony just like fuck boy
but he's got it fuck for guys Brian had
my mom's phone and he open he oh hey mom
why'd you say you went on pornhub okay
guys my brother opened my mom's phone to
use it for a video and the first thing
he sees on Safari she's stalking his
Twitter okay
imagine if she saw my Twitter the
Jeannie tweet mom did you see that oh
shit
you want private now burn yeah I need to
go I'm private now before my mom sees
mine guys my mom literally just said oh
good thing you guys didn't see the porn
thank you ma'am please it was my dad
guys so my mom is making me a salad I'm
not sure what she's trying to say but
and Bosley is literally at her feet
Bosley you're not getting any food
you're not getting any food I don't know
if you can hear upstairs but rug out
this bluetooth speaker and it's it's
waterproof because rug loves to listen
to music and sing in the shower and the
last juice because we had he fucking
broke them because like it's speaker so
the fog and you know just all the steam
but I put it down it interrupts with it
so he got a fucking speaker and look at
it so I don't get copyrighted guys look
at Wei Brian let me see the bass put it
up so now there Brian can shower in
peace guy and I'm using this I'm
listening to fed you up deluxe in it
with this anymore right Jimmy Choo
right now the chod guys Brian stay like
that I'm about to make a music video
between the speaker and Brian and Bosley
the video with the salad yeah body guys
Bosley is literally praying he's praying
to the god gods that I stopped living at
this house cuz he fucking hates me
let's go to the car
wait wait no don't cry he's crying
eight but Bosley let's go my car gives
you minute you want to go to the car
he's gonna go let's go and he jump
buzzing yeah
you want to go in the car you want to
stay in the car and go for a ride hold
on hold on mom let me make him do
something Bosley hey you want to go in
the car you want to go in okay give me
give me five if you want to go in the
car give me five
good boy Bosley go okay wait go Bosley
go wait wait
all right bro odd squad let me tell you
the plan right now so I found out rug
left to go to foot boy's house and I
have not seen foot boy in so long God
knows how many girls he's tried to get
out between the last time I seen him in
now but we're gonna go see him Sherman
Anthony but before we go I'm gonna pick
up wings and things I place the order
for a pickup over the phone guys I go
there so much that when I place the
order the girl said instead of asking
for my name she said oh I know who you
are and I was like you want to say that
a little nicer please but oh my god do I
wear anything else when I go
Wow Jesus but um it looks so we're going
to actually dress up because I'm
literally always in either a white
t-shirt basketball shorts or just some
plain hoodie around the house when it's
cold literally I barely go out I must
stay a homebody but um yeah it's time to
go pick up these wings and things and go
to fuck boys house damn Daniel
bye oh that's your name now Bosley damn
Bosley look at them furry paws buzz Lee
rocking them furry paws Bosley guys so
at the rate that I'm eating all this
fast food I've decided to start a little
game for all my subscribers okay so I've
already accepted the fact that I'm gonna
die at a really really young age because
of wings and things because of carne
asada burritos because of carne asada
fries because of chick-fil-a so I've
already accepted that you know maybe 20
to 23 years old I don't know but we
could play a game all my subscribers in
the comments section below leave me what
age you think I'm going to die from all
this fast food if you want you can leave
a specific date and whoever gets it
right when I die you can have my
username and password from our YouTube
channel and you can inherit it you can
hear my youtube channel and take it over
so my guess is probably 21 22 years old
if I had to pick a certain date
depending on all this fast food ie uh
I'd say November 12 2017 I'll get myself
another year and a half guys actually
after seeing the sign of wings and
things I changed my mind
from November 2017 to July 2017
all these things oh my god it's been so
long we miss fuck-boy da ethany we miss
fuck boy we made Sherman subset we miss
Steph - Anthony's vlogging so imma keep
my vlogging to a minimum let me pop so I
guess Anthony isn't the only lesbian in
our family we got jr. here the lesbian
yeah Anthony you're not the only lesbian
in this family Brian - but Brian's
transforming are you going no way then
why are you dressed in guys I can only
stay here for 30 minutes because I have
a pee appointment later I'm just joking
I'm 30 buddy
I'm going to the mall with Jackie -
princess has been sold by the way you
guys didn't know somebody bought
princess so whoever bought her if you're
a subscriber please comment below you
might have to set something up
oh no rug brought his Bluetooth speaker
Brian are you gonna shower here huh are
you gonna shower here yeah oh my god
guys when was last time he had that he's
been on my channel guys I haven't talked
eyes well Lawrence might be making a
special appearance I think it does Alex
calm down his fucking no posit Ryan
how's it feeling posit guys look what
Stephanie just pulled out steps don't
get that near me listen to me we were
they look look over here me seconds
right sick
wait did you oh my god Sarah dumped
don't take it out don't take it out
don't take it out don't Anthony get away
from me get away from me think I don't
get it that's up to some chick okay it's
gonna bite it no it's not yeah it's
gonna Peck it doesn't Peck okay if you
get that close hand on your pecker yeah
okay guys now hold on I'm not scared I
just want to fetch it right now yeah
he's gonna fly - you shot em Andy get it
away right now
guys look at what's going on tell me
miss boola if you trap me guys look they
have chicks right there Brian's eating
fucking Popeyes Chicken and I'm eating
with I think chicken wings guys who let
these wild animals in a house dogs are
normal cats are normal
these are wild animals they belong in a
barn they belong in a barn oh my god god
they're complaining about me vlogging
let them know let them know bro watch
well let them know who the best vlogger
is sitting in this chair Yeah right the
biggest bloggers swing are you kidding
you are watching it you're streaking and
you do this corner Street you saw a cop
you what yeah let me go to jail you go
to your course this is the game you have
to guess what age I'm gonna die if I
keep eating fast without the rate I eat
it now but hold on hold on and the
person who gets the closest when I
actually die gets it in here at my
youtube channel and all my subscribers
might know my date was July 2017 so a
year and five months for you I yeah I
think you're gonna make it longer than
me yes maybe by the end of the end of
February Anthony gives me one week set
the beginning of March is acceptable to
true just March one set how about you
two more minutes okay then I have to
start fucking eating cuz I wanna eat
this meal at least lesbian what about
you
which one uh any of them what does that
make you faulty of us are lesbian that
makes me fresh actually I say on
Christmas Davis Christmas Day okay guys
so it'll be like a strategy jr. what
about you
like girls I look like no but you guys
are all mid April of this year or next
year okay we'll see who gets inherit
bruh wadis what about me tomorrow yeah
Brian's gonna dr. arm it's the brand of
this the brand is JBL you know the
clothesline Jim palsy JBL give a
clothesline from hell does he still
wrestle
wait Brandon just call your mom right
now
hold on nope up for cheese whopper on TV
please yes yes jr. we're gonna put it
and play it from the bluetooth yeah guys
bride wants a piece of my pizza I'm only
giving him a piece of Anthony put sangre
grandpa on TV no I want it on the TV no
put it down
okay Brian you're gonna piece guys
Anthony's not putting angry grandpa but
I feel bad for Brian so I'm gonna give
him a piece it's the burnt part is good
guys look deep I don't know if you guys
saw but there was all that traffic
coming out of the church makes me feel
like such a bad person I'm on my way to
go hang out with my girlfriend and
people are over here unleashing their
sins repenting for their sins at church
guess what small just guess okay
dumbass guys we came back to Escondido
no bacon
- in case
cuz she doesn't date for a while it's
only Brandon okay mouths been she kept
rewarded ah
hey guys studio here who's a subscriber
of I just so many these new shoes and
hook up and out hook me up
my girlfriend convinced me that I don't
know but I like it so it's all good and
he knows I'm looking for a bathroom so
he might help me out with those two yeah
guys like I pick this out guys she
picked new shoes out for me and the
subscriber Justin's going to be the
first person to take a picture hello
Justin my model for that
hey camera died god this is my youngest
subscriber that I've ever been I don't
know if they come in younger she's how
old - its little about a thing at the
truth no guys can you tell I'm trying to
make you see my shoes but it's really
dark look at that
anyways I was gonna say I met like 20
fans at the mall and that's the most I
thought most people I've ever met or
that have recognized me ever when I went
somewhere
and I just love you guys all so much and
that inspired me to want to do a fan
meetup honestly I want to get rug and
Lawrence and Anthony to all do a fan
meetup imma keep calling and fuck-boy
hates when I call folk boy claimed his
name is Sherman but he grew up as fuck
boy so that's his name but yeah I wanna
after like seeing this seeing how many
people ask me for pictures and all that
I fought a bunch of them back on like
snapchat Twitter Instagram I want to UM
I want to do a fan meetup whether it's
around here or somewhere else in San
Diego I feel like me Brian Anthony and
Lauren should all do one and my
girlfriend would be there too so okay
bro wat spot I am ending the vlog right
here um I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog
what did I do I actually did a lot today
I woke up I went to Denny's with my
girlfriend and after Denny's I went to
the gym after the J mile and saw Anthony
exercise and with him all my
girlfriend's pick out his shoes got an
excuse
Brian what are you eating oh the guys he
literally has no teeth dental
yeah guys so I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog I'm ending it here this one
me and Jackie got snacks we're gonna
watch a movie movies I don't know got
popcorn mangos but hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I met so many subscribers
out the model was honestly crazy like
everywhere I'll turn my shoulder there
would be somebody new and like felt so
like good I don't know how to explain it
it just felt so like weird but I was so
glad you know like I followed all of
them back on whatever social media they
wanted and I conversate it with some of
them you'd be surprised how many were
like loyal fans like I just posted the
video of my phone cracking yesterday and
a bunch of them were like oh can we see
your phone it's cracked and I was just
like damn you guys already know that
video so it made my heart melt
honestly it I got I'm getting the
popcorn ready for the Netflix and chill
sesh with Bosley okay you want a Netflix
in charlestown I will pause you guys I'm
up late editing almost 2:00 a.m. I
decided to come down and get me a
midnight snack
yogurt don't mind me guys just brought
us here almost 3:30 and reading Phoenix
Suns articles because I have no life and
I love the worst team in the NBA for
some reason I love you Suns why must you
do this to me this season 14 wins and 41
damn losses and we play the Spurs today
lord have mercy on my soul
guys before I left to the gym really
quick I just want to say something that
makes me so fucking happy because
Markieff Morris has played two games for
the Wizards he's played two games okay
his first game he scored six points and
grabbed two rebounds
wow what a I gotta get my round of
applause for that and I'm just joking he
played like shit six points two rebounds
so maybe I'll do better second game
right nope five points four rebounds
Markieff you are a dipshit you're a bum
give me two years and you'll be out of
this fucking league um some when I
tweeted that because I was tweeting how
bad
Akif dated first two games when I
tweeted that some people were saying he
needs time to adjust he's new to the
team okay so tell me this you idiots
Kris Humphries the player we got in
return for Markieff Morris his first
game of the Sun 18 points and 12
rebounds combined Markieff Morris his
first two games he doesn't even touch
those numbers Kris Humphries first game
with the Sun one game and the best part
is Kris Humphries wasn't even the player
we traded Marquis for he was just like a
throw-in to make salaries match we
traded Markieff for mainly the
first-round pick which is going to get
conveyed to Phoenix because Washington
is not falling into the top nine so I
mean like that shit makes me so happy
that Markieff is playing like shit and
Kris Humphries
