I got this bites it is fine I'll tell
you getting my dander soreness yes
God wait first look what I'm wearing I'm
wearing the jersey that Jackie got me
for my body shut up for Valentine's Day
ergo Jersey no yo chill Ali's you want
to be in the video come down have a nice
L actually have a nice fuck you
Oh guys I'm here meaning hit me no I
didn't mean it
yeah we're doing a peel box opening
video today and I'm so super happy that
Marcus Morris got traded but okay first
these came without names and Darrin to
different I know run there there were
two different Packers I'm not sure who
sent these but obviously they look a
fucking Phoenix Suns 2016 calendar
yes I'm gonna hang it up like and Eric
let's on the cover like returning
Markieff is on it yeah marking Horizonte
someone has a turtle that paid apart but
guys thank you so much oh my god both
Morris twins well Marcus and Markieff
but no thank you so much whoever sent
this I'm gonna hang this up in my room
and then another thing is someone set me
up
DM Phoenix Suns flag up front both
lydian editions of alone yeah this is
but for sure did you probably above my
TV on it please look at this Brian oh my
god I know this bin I can't put this up
on my oh my god damn what I got things
we are Phoenix you got this done Brian
kept the camera really fun yeah yeah bad
they said but Brian is actually huge now
this I thought it was gonna be just like
I know we should hang this up on our
house oh no okay guys also someone sent
me this
I thought it was really cool it's not
really a package but from TJ look I'm
only showing guys cuz I actually think I
look hot in the selfie so I'm
but uh Brian you can do the honors of
open the first packet whichever one you
want
here really quick I just wanted to show
this because I got inpatient open this
car this is from Luke Linda called hero
an orange a purple fall first of all
thank you man and when a night card but
PJ Tucker Mears its 11th eyes Chandler
and Eric Bledsoe air glass on my baby
daddy so thank you very much buying you
to go under opening the first one Saigon
for the Box you like and Guzman we're
opening up this first from Amazon all
right careful this about taking the help
you sitting Brian died and done for real
sounds like it was broadly a gun oh shit
oh look you're gonna love this away
you're gonna love this so much
no oh my god oh my god actually stolen
who they're from
hey oh my god hi Brandon love your
videos I'm a fellow Chaldean from
michigan inch 20 give you something
special
how are you the Bamboula hahaha that
means he's a dick goes on in Detroit red
meat from pat pat thank you so much the
bumbu is that look guys a and blood so
fucking action figure oh my gosh so nice
and it comes to the stand you put him on
a stand you have one who was another
marks off mind is already broke off when
he left the sons when he went to New
York I broke the leg yeah but guys thank
you so much Pat my fellow Kelly daughter
we haven't work
doesn't matter huh Nicole this from
Nicole Stephen from San Jose California
go son she says who since you know she
you one chick okay this is a true fan of
my blogs you've not got a chick-fil-a
every single fucking vlog she sent me a
damn ten dog your front the chick-fil-a
Nicole thank you so much let me see when
he she said to follow our instagram and
she would die well I don't want to kill
people
good but Jen I I know of thanks have fun
eating breakfast with this she loved my
channel she's addicted
I put smile on people's faces on
middle-eastern so I love your skit with
rug here don't ever stop YouTube and
congrats on to a new cake do something
for the sick for all
next time I'll I'll use it and I'll put
it in the blog from the cold thank you
hey that wait wait look what someone
copy the plus signs flag we're putting
it up in the house on the house gosh I
say we take the this down haha come on
week we're not to operate a nice kind a
speaking of knife
oh no oh now I started getting knives
which you shit wait the cow shit
there's a button right here but I don't
know if she's going to swing it over not
like that but can I just show you guys
how this flings oh yeah look I told
myself go fast
she's fast looking for husbands ballsack
is so big guys look at this
oh my my god I pop Gator I'm open this
one right Hey oh my god damn that
doesn't have a name yep you sure it
ain't only that guy you can say hello
they are like when they watch it I know
they all know who they are but I want to
shut them out by hanging this one up in
my room too
am I really gonna run out of stories I
know I don't know how they do this okay
Thank You Man for that one
this is from Ashley Minich from Valencia
California you don't need a knife oh
shit
Kirtland word oh my god she said I'm the
best future forever and she she got me
son's color that sincere target Hannity
who true fan she knows yeah fuck
targeted dad today they didn't have no
one no Debra ball fun freak target what
kind of target I think I'll go but she
got me purple and orange notebooks to
notebook this bitch yes I know I must be
doing something right in bitch give me a
stitch drink okay guys thank you so much
Ashley I want to use these for school
add the factual do work I still can't
believe my phone screen damn crack turns
from Paul ah
I'm golf ball hog picking Pickering from
mi finds in Michigan oh my god someone
send it back to suede do we not
Mississippi baby yeah what Friday back
to call mi is Michigan yeah keep in mind
address a cut that he'll even my dad
does any drop-down third grade oh my god
okay so what's Mississippi MS someone
put me in school Mississippi a child
thing oh the signs oh did I do the Ryan
oh and I'm never putting a rug in my
video I ain't do it I hate but I ain't
good
but I always do rip the letters on
accident hi I'm Paul I'm Paul Yankees
that is I I'm Paul I'm a big man hey
guys tile would you like what I made you
it wasn't some colors but I did my
best I am 13 I hope the ghost goes away
and tell rug I said hi
for third level for 13 years old I came
to this house 33 years so much yeah uh
Ryan you know what oh what a shame
Britta's literally never having any
other's videos again from Christopher
Atkins Chucky Atkins may our original
yaki
dad never burn yeah Maple Valley
Washington that's W I thought that was
okay W if it's not I'm gonna say why you
win but whoo it's like something new
everything
ah it matches my Jersey it matches my
Jersey God dad look guys thank you very
my dad gonna make me go in my future
why would he say I just showed this to
do anything
Oh God look Phoenix Suns if you guys
know how to read on like rug and the
Phoenix inaudible yeah and I'm not
imagining my thing oh yeah that's from
your fellow Suns fan Christopher he's
all could you find a place to put my
bracelets in your room you mean a lot to
me
hey hey this is Brian I fought him on
Twitter a couple days ago actually a
sunshine yeah yo dude ca9 skills okay so
this is you finally we get to talk I
always hid to hear my favorite tweets
thank you so much for these but I call
him on Miami to turn in my regular
Twitter Billy yeah he's a big Suns fan
just like me okay okay chill let me just
rip it open now this is from Nakki Ciroc
from Hoover uh what is that right
Alabama
let me hey Alabama air but so was born
in Birmingham out
because Brahman and Alabama fans and
chill young industry built in some
strong kind of show you oh you don't huh
behold road for nothing they'll call you
pencil for nothing I want to send you
these LeBrons oh no way
oh go away no way no way no way
god damn you I think these worth it me
way no way no way are you LeBron dude
this is crazy
Brian oh my god dang Mackie sir oh wait
this is crazy dude thank you so much Mac
if you give me permission to take them
up friend intends cuz these are really
nice wait oh my gosh dude thank you so
much and oh my god I don't even know
what to say actually I do know it's it
thanks man free shit yeah the two beers
yeah we go
oh my god I'd like it ding oh my gosh
every boy is this a blanket you know
what that is yeah another two blankets
yeah
fried boiling sponge please something
hanging up oh they said they loved it so
one of these is prom you get it from the
same person
Gary turbo he loves the Hawks dude Gary
turbo oh oh my gosh rod we can sleep
together tonight okay I'm down Wow
Gary the snail thank you so much and
never less than uncle Owens
I know how does so much and doesn't
create wait I'm in shock at the risk and
I know the guy who said that my nose
Twitter I followed him he's a huge Suns
fan just like me just like every other
Pele box hoping video this was amazing
free-kick Bennett is one okie teeth
daddy daddy slipped out for this one
okay doc you don't one
hahaha okay guys thank you so much for
all the gifts and I can't move someone
sent me an Eric Bledsoe bobblehead a
flag a Phoenix on calendar LeBron's damn
these that match my Jersey freakin all
the letters that I read off-camera the
two blankets the picture frame the damn
chick-fil-a gets hard put school win bro
artists and rug and ruffles uh-huh hey
and route he's not my deal was opening
love you yeah he's a bad word guys
really quick I forgot to say this in the
peel box opening video this dude Ian he
says that he loved Eric Bledsoe as well
and that he's a huge fan he loves
basketball and he made me this orange
and purple bracelet thank you a lot
Ian I appreciate it Oh going right there
