okay so yesterday the outro to my video
was pretty much a speech I guess it's a
speech to me with an outro but I guess
you guys saw it as a speech and it was
pretty much me explaining how I'm gonna
run my YouTube channel like cuz I was
kind of fed up with all the like well
you'll see you'll see that speech
because what I'm gonna do
surprisingly that speech got a lot of
attention and it gained a lot of respect
from myself so on I decided instead of
leaving it as an outro for one of my
videos I wanted to make it a video of
its own I'm a title it like how I'm
gonna run my YouTube channel or
something like that and for anybody who
like is new to this channel or just it's
confused about the videos just watch the
speech and thank you guys for watching
okay what's up bro odd squad what's up
everybody so this last part of my vlog I
guess you could call this my outro or
whatever I wanted to address something
because I'm not gonna say it's been
bugging me but it's just like I need to
let it out so I noticed on a lot of my
vlogs I get comments like dude why would
you do that or like why would you say
that like are you dumb this doesn't make
sense like all that okay let me just
explain I can't believe I'm almost a
year into my YouTube career and people
still don't understand me first of all I
need a haircut look at this fucking goes
up like this cuz I just woke up but I
put this like in my notes so like if you
guys haven't noticed by now or for any
new subscribers I do more raw type of
logs like I don't
I barely cut anything out like I'll
leave a law in my vlogs on purpose that
may seem like an accident because to me
it's fun like I'll make some
inappropriate jokes and people will
comment like dude you can't say that or
like like you know I'm 12 years old I'm
watching this with my mom don't say that
I didn't leave that in accidentally I
didn't make editing mistake I leave that
in because to me that's funny and to a
bunch of my subs and a bunch of my fans
that is funny as well because every time
I encounter a fan I meet them or I tweet
to them they tell me like oh I love your
like jokes like all that I'm like I'm
really really sarcastic I'm hardly ever
serious the only time you'll ever see me
serious is
I honestly can't maybe about the sons
but even about the sons I'm so sorry
cassock like right now I'll say that the
Phoenix Suns are the worst basketball
team in the league and they won't want
to change you for the next hundred years
and they fucking suck but I love them
like like that's just me I'm really
sarcastic I make a ton of jokes and my
vlogs are really raw I don't like like I
say a lot of inappropriate things and I
leave them in on purpose if you like
that style of vlogs keep watching if you
don't like it then all I'm asking is not
to watch because you're gonna be
disappointed because I'm not gonna
change who I am
this is who I am I'm 20 years old let me
get this straight - I know a bunch of
youtubers who uh they you know they look
oh this guy doesn't like inappropriate
jokes for a change who I am to become a
better youtuber that's nice and it might
be the smart thing to do because you're
gonna be more successful getting more
fans but in my head I want to be the
most successful youtuber and I want to
create the most successful channel by
being myself I don't want to change I am
if I don't become successful being
myself that's fine I'd rather not be
successful and be myself then be
successful I'm pretending to be someone
I'm not in every single vlog it's been
almost a year I haven't changed Who I am
I'm gonna be the same person I'm 20
years old I'm not gonna change who I am
okay and I have a lot of fans who love
me for who I am
so I must stay that way also I'm so
stupid for reading this off my nose I
look like an idiot but uh a bunch of
vloggers you know they'll wake up and be
like oh I don't have anything to do
today so I'm gonna like go out of my way
just to get a good vlog I'm gonna go to
the beach I'm gonna go here and like I
said that might be the smart thing to do
because like you might not be having fun
doing it but it's gonna get infused or
it's gonna get you more fans I'm not
like that I'm a wake up go to school go
to the gym and do stuff around my house
if I have to go somewhere then I'll
bring my vlogging camera and go
somewhere I like I told you guys my main
thing is I want to be successful for
being myself I want to be branded I
don't want to change who I am just to
get more fans or I don't want I'm a two
hundred forty five thousand subscribers
right now if after this speech people
say oh he's not gonna change who he is I
don't want to watch anymore so be it
I'll pause at 245 subscribers and I'll
keep making videos every single day and
I'll keep being right and
like I just I just want to say it's it's
been months and months and months and
I'm still the same personality I'm still
the same character if you don't like me
by now I'm not gonna change so if you
don't like me by now chances are you're
not gonna like next month you're not
gonna like me next year and I'm gonna
keep making videos for all this time so
all I'm asking if you like it keep
watching tell your friends subscribe
like I love all you guys I love my fans
there are people who cuz I don't brag I
don't like try to mention this but I
don't get sleep I stay up throughout the
whole night finishing homework editing
whether I come back from the gym late
I'm barely sleeping because I'm grinding
or school YouTube I have a girlfriend
that I spend so much time with and I
still get all my stuff done before
YouTube eyes to sleep seven or eight
hours a day
I probably sleep around three hours a
day now and there's people who noticed
that some people tweet to me saying dude
thanks for putting in so much work and I
appreciate that like I said I'm not
asking for nobody sympathy I'm not
asking first people to be like oh dude
you're such a hard worker you don't even
sleep but imma leave it at this I know a
bunch of people who hate cuz I'm bad
here 250k once they get this so-called
big on YouTube they drop out of school
or you know either they'll stay in
school but they'll cut something else
out of their life because they don't
have time to edit their videos you know
I go to the gym everyday it would have
been easy for me to say oh I don't have
time to edit my videos let me not go to
the gym or I have a girlfriend oh she
takes up too much of my time let me
break up with my girlfriend no you know
what I did for you guys i couldäôt
sleep out of my schedule I stayed in
school I say go into gym for the same
amount of hours and I I actually see my
girlfriend even more now but what I did
rather than getting eight or nine hours
of sleep a day I said I'm gonna sleep
out of my schedule because I love doing
this and sleep I'm still young I can
catch up on sleep later in life so I
stay up till about 3:00 4:00 in the
morning wake up at 7 or 8 before school
I said an earlier alarm before school
and I'm not telling you guys this so you
could be like wow he's such a hard
worker stop trying to brag no I'm just
saying it because some people don't
appreciate cuz I know a bunch of
youtubers who cut everything out their
life just so they could stay doing
videos I kept everything in my life and
still trying to make time for the videos
as a matter of fact I'm on almost a
30-day upload streak last two months
I've only missed one day I try to upload
every single day sometimes I do double
uploads but
I'm not trying to brag here that's not
the point of this speech the point of
this speech is just to let you guys know
that just because there's a few people
who don't get my jokes or there's a few
people who don't like Who I am as a
person I'm not gonna change because I
know there's hundreds of thousands of
people who watch me because they like
the stuff that I do also I respect my
fans if you notice in my vlogs I go up
to fans I have conversation with them
and when the camera turns off I stay
with the fans for a while you know like
because they're not fans their
subscribers they're my friends I know
some youtubers who you know they'll see
their fans and you know hi bye or like
oh do on a picture nice meeting you
let's go no because okay I'm being
honest this whole speech I'm a little
bit on sound if it wasn't for having so
many subscribers and so many fans I want
to be making all these videos so when
you see a fan or you see someone freaked
out because you're in their presence
like oh my god bro wadis you actually
cherish that moment you're just like
dude this guy's actually freaking out
cuz I mean cuz I know myself I'm a
normal human being I wake up I go to
school I come back home I go to the gym
and then I hang out my girlfriend and I
watch some basketball I'm just like
every single one of you guys I'm not a
celebrity I'm not famous so when
somebody approaches me like that I show
respect back I'm gonna give back some of
my time like this dude is the reason I'm
doing YouTube this dude sits at home
watches my videos this girl you know
poke pictures of me saying oh my god I
can't wait to meet him and she's finally
meeting me so you got to give back to
people that support you like it's just
common sense it's common courtesy
somebody freaks out over meeting you
you're gonna show them like the same
type of love back you're not gonna freak
out over meeting them but you're gonna
tell them like oh like what's up like
you want to talk like all this so I
followed so many fans on Twitter that
cuz i know people who consistently tweet
to me and I know people who they
mentioned small things in my vlogs that
I barely say and to me I'm like how do
they notice that they must be huge fans
follow just the other day I don't want
to say any names but there was this fan
who was honestly contemplating suicide I
had a test I put my studying to the side
and I DM the guy I said dude like don't
do anything stupid like all this I
talked to him we talked he's now my
friend on Instagram a few DME there's a
90% chance you're gonna get a DM back
and I hold a conversation with you like
I told you they're not fans these are
friends you guys
friends you're not my friends our
subscribers I mean that's my speech but
the main point of this wasn't to get you
guys his sympathy the main point of this
wasn't to show how good I am with my
fans my friends my family no the point
of this was that I want to grow the best
YouTube channel I want bro watch got to
be the best squad and I want to be the
most successful youtuber by not changing
Who I am to please a few people and not
changing what I do to make my vlog more
interesting I want to stay Who I am I
want to live my life and I'm gonna keep
the same personality that's been with me
for 20 years if that makes me the best
youtuber I'm happy if that doesn't make
me the best youtuber I'm content with
where I'm at right now and I want to
thank all the fans who still watch and
are gonna keep watching to this day but
watch slaughter I love you guys all go
Suns um fucking Markieff Morris is gone
let's rejoice let's fucking go out and
party like Markieff Morris is no longer
gonna be wearing a Phoenix Suns uniform
like hell oh thank god and also tomorrow
tune in because there's a peel box
opening video featuring rug so I'll tune
into that tomorrow it'll be uh and I
understand a lot of you guys came from
rug and he has a younger fanbase so I'm
saying this in the nicest way possible
if you're too young to understand my
jokes or you're too young to even hear a
curse words such as shit I'm sorry I'm
not gonna change for you guys because I
have a fan base that I love and they
love me so just for the few people that
like feel that my channels too
inappropriate I'm saying this in the
nicest way you don't have to watch my
videos if you want to keep watching I
appreciate it who doesn't want more subs
who doesn't want more viewers but I mean
like I want viewers that love your
channel like I don't know that's all
i'ma say but
