guys this clip you are oh my god I'm
literally crying like I can't even think
like I came and talked my okay so this
next clip you're about to see I guess
Bosley wasn't listening to my dad when
my dad put Bosley food balls is my dog
obviously and Bosley wasn't listening to
him my mom so my mom was like laying
down in her bed and she started
recording my dad trying to get Baldy to
eat his food
she just sent me the video it was from
last night oh my god guys I'm fucking
dying I you guys right when I got the
video the first thing that hit me was
after I literally fell to the floor
almost pissed myself crying I had to
post on YouTube I had to tweet and post
on Instagram I don't even care this is
the funniest video I've ever seen in my
life and I got a few questions from my
dad after you guys watch this check this
out go ahead your food go your food
lastly okay good boy your food go go go
go go go go go you in your food
God loves it go go okay your food you
food go eat your food okay go okay okay
good boy your food go go go
okay
okay first of all dad how the hell are
you pregnant
I mean it's 2016 and anything is
possible but I don't think guys are
allowed to be fucking pregnant second
why do you have your boxers halfway down
here but we get plumbing shirts boxers
guys no I have to watch it again why is
it what is so Bosley I guess Bosley
doesn't listen to let you shake your as
to the tune of the damn sentence like
why are you doing this dad I'm dying
this is the funny dude I've seen in my
whole trip oh my god like my dad's like
a dog whisperer that has to shake it as
for the dog to listen or what and then
also my dad was standing like this and
you can tell since my dad is like pale
once you move this hand there the damn
handprint right here oppa tan guys
honestly that's fucking my dad is that
loads of funnies you dog have ever seen
in my life how the hell like I'm so glad
my mum recorded him doing that because
oh my gosh I hope you guys enjoyed this
video short short video but I just had
to share that clip bruh wadis I am out
you guys
