I got this
hey what's up man oh my god rug hey how
are you bro I'm good how about you good
nice to meet you man are you ok ok
alright yeah
are you ok bro you watch my videos I've
watched everything video you want to
take a picture so cool dude yeah please
alright oh oh sorry good ok guys pause
from the skit really quick so you saw me
drop my phone purposely that was part of
the skit you know I was so nervous that
I dropped my phone but pay attention to
this
we looked my phone cracked when I
dropped it we looked at my phone
multiple times after that we looked at
the picture you know I had my phone we
didn't notice what's crack until when
you see my face and my reaction when I
noticed was crack but I find it amazing
how I dropped my phone I cracked it
purposely to top it all because I'm an
idiot but we didn't even notice it watch
we keep going with the skill without
noticing that my phone is look where is
it I woke up this morning and it's 10
times worse than it was last night it
keeps cracking by the second if you guys
can tell
hey Jill okay um I think it's time for
you to go it was realize it cool
following on Instagram
do they so awesome honestly though like
what I don't this is the big stuff this
one yeah
you follow me back on its game I'll tag
you know okay cool yeah I'm gonna be
like but my phone screen
but my phone screen hey how did I happen
did that happen when did you drop that
when I did wait why I wasn't cracked
before it wasn't quite before but when I
dropped off for pick it up wait what the
hell happened your flipper when I
dropped it on the floor when we acted to
like to take something I was too nervous
oh it cracked from that wait oh my god
yeah yeah yeah that's
oh that's I it wasn't how do we notice
it when we look I don't know I didn't
notice at all and like what the hell
we're gonna see we're gonna look this
back here I know that sucks but hi
Jackie's face is crack wait what Kenny I
know
wait Brian I know ice fuck we're
recording a ski and for the ski I
dropped my phone and look I've dropped
my phone so many times playing bass why
I've dropped my phone so many times like
just everywhere nothing happened and now
for a skate when I did it purposefully
what do I say though got K already on
camera I do my own shit alright yeah God
listen first of all fresh off this
cracked phone screen just from rug skit
yeah so this car comes driving and like
stares at me and my brother me and my
brother are like what the fuck are you
looking at like Derek and it goes
Brandon and I said okay and he said
almost subscriber so I said come down
okay he recognized where we live because
most of my vlogs are in Mira Mesa so
it's easy to tell it turns out I know
his brother and I know it's cousin from
playing basketball and he knows my best
friend ollie
he knows a bunch of my close friends
from basketball so that's actually crazy
to small if you introduced yourself
except guys follow me on Instagram most
of our same thing on Twitter bro yeah
guys so I guess I play bass all this
family and his friends so hey guys give
it drop a comment and let us know if you
guys want me and my brother to do a 2
verse 2 verses him and Rud
let us know in the comment about the
high but we got the shot so what
no about that no STEMI great with the
shock I'm Eric Bledsoe the show he's
better look you're in my vlog you're in
the vlog lost you got anything to say
hey hey guys that's his cousin he's a
huge fan as well I wonder how many
screenshots he's secretly taking all
these asses this is for the vlog this
for the vlog guys look what nobody knows
when should I reveal my secret I keep
wearing this Jersey and look what's
under the tags no I'm not going to
return it I just want to exchange it for
a smaller size but in the meantime I
want to keep wearing gay so I hide the
tags
am I the cheapest person in the world
weight doesn't even look me there's a
large it's a medium what I want to get a
small like Reba bula oh my god guys this
skit was so funny one of my favorites
gets every guys on my channel check it
out youtube.com slash rug Brian stop
promoting your channel on mine so I have
to pay me to do that yeah guys you want
to see something gross if you're
wondering why I'm holding the camera so
close to my face look hold on Brian make
the camera focus tap it on my canker
sore oh look guys all right there right
here yesterday when me and my brother
were playing basketball the ball damn
hit me in the festival I can't go see
Jackie guys last night me and Brian went
to go play bass on I went first healed
the ball hit me in the face and I keep
biting like this and now it's looking
like a yellow orange guys you want to
know the funny thing about me cracking
my phone not sure if you can tell what I
come here Big Daddy I'm not sure if you
guys can tell but like I dropped my
phone and like I picked it back up we
took the selfie and like we were just
using my phone I didn't notice it was
broken we didn't notice what's broken
until like how long like three or four
months later I was like I was like
having my skate you Brian
guys this is know most pussy vines ever
gonna get it's not bad though let me see
she's like a D yeah double D's no not
double really yeah the backside uh the
bull says it's okay
is it yeah I would okay good the face is
latina
focus oh no no no no no no oh shit God
Brian needs a haircut not really there
are people that look good with long
hearing people that look occasionally go
get a haircut bad with short hair no you
don't okay and don't let it short just
clean it up I don't know the definition
of clean I know the guys you see that
shower he's never stepped foot in there
I'll try it out one day I'm just scared
I know cuz actually Brian you just have
to make sure the water is in - ha okay
well you have to do for you well yeah
I'll shower with you nah I wish guys
this was right here where we used to do
the eggs will not use - well I don't cam
right now you want to know you know I've
shown enough of myself in my boxers over
the past weeks on blogs and youtuber
bulges on Twitter goes crazy with my
damn pictures Brian he or she had like
one picture am I not enough her head
like one of you what a Roman wanna
fucking like I don't know and then he
has a half of them are mine
or she'll you're in your boxers yeah I
know there's an guys rug is leaving to
go get Jack in the crack what are you
gonna get
we'll get the Fotis huh go to Burger
King get the four cheese whopper yeah
right guys he's putting on a damn show
for the vlog I don't want fast food but
you're gonna get from jack-in-the-box
answer me Brian don't lie to the camera
okay if you come back with Jack about to
glue your YouTube
why do you read me so bug li you think
he's gonna eat healthier he's gonna go
get jack-in-the-box
guys it's almost midnight smoothie - my
story's a dress yeah what are you doing
okay you have to have a concert
r.i.p bonsly's looks dead who sleeps
like this guys guys he had to get a
fucking excel eighty four hours so
little with that it's water no it's not
water line it's freakin water they told
you okay why'd you get fucking water I
guess they're my face yeah guys water
actually clears your face so much and
drink it consistently and don't like
drink soda or like okay what's up bruh
watch squad what's up everybody so this
last part of my vlog I guess you could
call this my outro or whatever I wanted
to address something because I'm not
gonna say it's been bugging me but it's
just like I need to let it out
so I noticed on a lot of my vlogs I get
comments like dude why would you do that
or like why would you say that like are
you dumb this doesn't make sense like
all that okay let me just explain I
can't believe I'm almost a year into my
youtube career and people still don't
understand me first of all I need a
haircut look at this fucking goes up
like this because I just woke up but I
put this like in my notes so like if you
guys haven't noticed by now or for any
new subscribers I do more raw type of
vlogs like I
don't I barely cut anything out like I
leave a law in my vlogs on purpose that
may seem like an accident because to me
it's fun like I'll make some
inappropriate jokes and people will
comment like dude you can't say that or
like like you know I'm 12 years old I'm
watching this with my mom don't say that
I didn't leave that in accidentally I
didn't make an editing mistake I leave
that in because to me that's funny and
to a bunch of my subs and a bunch of my
fans that is funny as well because every
time I encounter a fan I meet them or I
tweet to them they tell me like oh I
love your like jokes like all that um
I'm like I'm really really sarcastic
I'm hardly ever serious the only time
you'll ever see me serious is like I
honestly can't maybe about the Suns but
even about the Suns I'm so sorry casting
like right now I'll say that the Phoenix
Suns are the worst basketball team in
the league and they won't want to change
you for the next hundred years and they
fucking suck but I love them like like
that's just me I'm really sarcastic I
make a ton of jokes and my vlogs are
really raw I don't like like I say a lot
of inappropriate things and I leave them
in on purpose if you like that style of
vlogs keep watching if you don't like it
then all I'm asking is not to watch
because you're going to be disappointed
because I'm not going to change who I am
this is who I am I'm 20 years old let me
get this straight - I know a bunch of
youtubers who uh they you know they look
oh this guy doesn't like an appropriate
joke so i'ma change who I am to become a
better youtuber that's nice and it might
be the smart thing to do because you're
gonna be more successful getting more
fans but in my head I want to be the
most successful youtuber and I want to
create the most successful channel by
being myself I don't want to change I am
if I don't become successful being
myself that's fine I'd rather not be
successful and be myself then be
successful and pretending to be someone
I'm not in every single vlog it's been
almost a year I haven't changed Who I am
I'm gonna be the same person I'm 20
years old I'm not gonna change who I am
okay uh and I have a lot of fans who
love me for who I am so I'm gonna stay
that way also
I'm so stupid for reading this off my
nose I look like an idiot but uh a bunch
of vloggers you know they'll wake up and
be like oh I don't have anything to do
today so I'm gonna like go out of my way
just to get a good vlog I'm gonna go
go to the beach I'm gonna go here and
like I said that might be the smart
thing to do because I like you might not
be having fun doing it but it's gonna
get views or it's gonna get you more
fans I'm not like that I'm a wake up go
to school go to the gym and do stuff
around my house if I have to go
somewhere then I'll bring my fucking
camera and go somewhere I like I told
you guys my main thing is I want to be
successful for being myself I want to be
branded I don't want to change who I am
just to get more fans or I don't want
I'm a two hundred forty five thousand
subscribers right now if after this
speech people say oh he's not gonna
change who he is I don't want to watch
anymore so be it I'll pause at 245
subscribers and I'll keep making videos
every single day and I'll keep being
right and like I just I just want to say
it's it's been months and months and
months and I'm still the same
personality I'm still the same character
if you don't like me by now I'm not
gonna change so if you don't like me by
now chances are you're not going to like
next month you're not gonna like me next
year and I'm gonna keep making videos
for all this time
so all I'm asking if you like it keep
watching tell your friends subscribe
like I love all you guys
I love my fans there are people who
because I don't brag I don't like try to
mention this but I don't get sleep I
stay up throughout the whole night
finishing homework editing whether I
come back from the gym late I'm barely
sleeping because I'm grinding with
school YouTube I have a girlfriend that
I spend so much time with and I still
get all my stuff done before YouTube I
should sleep seven or eight hours a day
I probably sleep around three hours a
day now and there's people who notice
that some people tweet to me saying dude
thanks for putting in so much work and I
appreciate that I'm not asking for you
guys as sympathy or asking for you guys
to you know like oh dude you're so good
at this you stay up all night you don't
get sleep no I don't care uh also I
respect my fans if you notice in my
vlogs I go up to fans I have
conversation with them and when the
camera turns off I stay with the fans
for a while you know like because
they're not fans their subscribers
they're my friends I followed so many
fans on Twitter that cuz i know people
who consistently tweet to me and I know
people who they mentioned small things
in my vlogs that I barely say and to me
I'm like how do they notice that they
must be huge fans follow just the other
day I don't want to say any names but
there was this fan who was honestly
contemplating suicide
I had a test I put my studying to the
side and I DM the guy I said dude like
don't do anything stupid like all this I
talked to him we talked he's now my
friend on Instagram a few DM me there's
a 90% chance you're gonna get a DM back
and hold a conversation with you like I
told you they're not fans these are
friends you guys are my friends you're
not my fans are subscribers I mean
that's my speech but the main point of
this wasn't to get you guys his sympathy
the main point of this wasn't to show
how good I am with my fans my friends my
family no the point of this was that I
want to grow the best YouTube channel I
want bro watch got to be the best squad
and I want to be the most successful
youtuber by not changing Who I am to
please a few people and not changing
what I do to make my vlog more
interesting I want to stay Who I am I
want to live my life and I'm gonna keep
the same personality that's been with me
for 20 years if that makes me the best
youtuber I'm happy if that doesn't make
me the best youtuber I'm content with
where I'm at right now and I want to
thank all the fans who still watch and
are gonna keep watching to this day but
watch what I love you guys all go Suns
um fucking Markieff Morris is gone let's
rejoice let's fucking go out and party
like Markieff Morris is no longer going
to be wearing a Phoenix Suns uniform
like hell oh thank god and also tomorrow
tune in because there's a peel box
opening video featuring rug so I'll tune
into that tomorrow it'll be uh and I
understand a lot of you guys came from
rug and he has a younger fanbase so I'm
saying this in the nicest way possible
if you're too young to understand my
jokes or you're too young to even hear a
curse words such as shit I'm sorry I'm
not gonna change for you guys because I
have a fanbase that I love and they love
me so just for the few people that like
feel that my channels too inappropriate
I'm saying this in the nicest way you
don't have to watch my videos if you
want to keep watching I appreciate it
who doesn't want more subs who doesn't
want more viewers but I mean like I want
viewers that love your channel like I
don't know that's all i'ma say but
