I'm still awake I can't go to sleep
because I first of all I just got out
the shower but there's seven and a half
hours left until the NBA trade deadline
and I can't sleep just in case the
Phoenix Suns make any trades I have to
be the first one to know so I've been
awake freaking like all day and 4:30
right now later it's almost 5:00 in the
morning and I can't go to sleep just in
case the Suns make a trade guys helped
me rejoice in seven and a half hours
there's a huge chance that Markieff
Morris is going to be off of the team
thank God thank you may appreciate it
please God if Markieff Morris isn't
traded in seven hours I honestly don't
know what I'll do like I would done come
myself but uh no but really uh I hope
Brandon is also traded but there's a
really small chance that the Suns trade
him but I do hope he's gone as well um
so to help stay awake I'm gonna go
downstairs over the ghost doesn't get me
oh my god I should look like a ghost
prank on Ryan tonight it would have been
perfect because freakin oh my god how
does imperfect because I'm already awake
at this time
please God let Markieff Morris and
Brandon Knight be traded please
hopefully guys I used to work at Subway
so I should know how to do this I said
were they able to get mad if you did
this down front of a customer
thank you smoked ham appreciated
let's go ghosts anywhere nope okay yeah
watch when I edit this vlog the fucking
ghost shows up on my computer oh oh my
god oh my god it almost
now 5:00 a.m. which means seven more
hours till Markieff Morris is bitch-ass
gets off the Phoenix sign so we can all
celebrate it's just a matter of time
thank God guys so I actually went to
sleep at like 6 o'clock I fell asleep
and I just woke up 10:30 and I wake up
to the fucking news that Markieff Morris
is still on the damn team the Suns have
90 minutes to trade him if you guys
don't know what the NBA trade deadline
is if the Suns don't trade them today by
12 o'clock then that means he has to
stay on the team for the whole entire
fucking season Suns
you have 90 minutes fucking trade this
bum trade this clown guys holy shit I
sound like a dying dog right when I wake
up guys so I'm sure you guys know I have
class on Tuesdays and Thursdays a k-8
today but skipping my first class
because I want to keep up with NBA trade
deadline news and I need Markieff Morris
to be traded
so yes I'm skipping my first class I
can't like sit in class on my laptop or
on my phone looking at the train news so
I'm go to my second class but I can't go
to my first class so sorry professor but
there's just some things in life that
are more important than the lecture guys
I just read exactly these words the
Houston Rockets are calling team to see
what they are calling teams to see what
they can get in return for Patrick
Beverley you all know you can get in
return for a player like Patrick
Beverley a piece of Bosley shit that's
how you can get in return you soon God
even worse I just read with 90 minutes
left the Lakers are trying to trade Roy
Hibbert they they can't even get a piece
of bodies shift or Roy Hibbert speaking
of a piece of bald shit the Suns would
be lucky to get a piece of body shit
for Markieff Morris they would be
getting when Bosley has diarrhea for
Markieff Morris I got so I'm about to go
wash my face really quick if I've if
market horns get traded while I'm
washing my face I'm gonna be pissed I
want to be the first person in the world
to find out I want to be the first
person in the know when he first person
in the world to know when he gets traded
Brian motherfucker
Brian slept so much earlier than me and
he's still sleeping
but I want him I want to know Markieff
are traded before Markieff himself knows
he got traded for when Markieff Morris
gets traded
got the motherfucking party toppers you
got oh shit oh shit it almost fell but
you got a subway with some more fuck
Grey Goose then you got some flowers
that out sent to the Suns general
manager and owner for trading him God if
they got would have had him in Brandon
Knight I would go buy a new batch of
flowers and not send them these dying
ones the name of the Father Son the Holy
Spirit and for everything I stand for on
the name Jesus Christ Himself please let
the Phoenix Suns Trey Markieff Morris
please there's one hour left and I'm
getting nervous now that he will say on
the team because we also got the chips
and salsa ready for one Markieff Morris
is traded I know this isn't salsa but
it's the closest thing I can find in my
damn fridge so we're just gonna take
salsa so we're getting ready guys we're
getting ready it is time for Markieff
Morris to either go to jail or get the
hell off the Phoenix Suns but on my
thumb is actually broken from doing this
every two seconds because like I said I
have like an NBA Twitter where I follow
all these reporters and literally keep
doing in my thumb is actually broken I
have to go to the doctor's after this
guy's breaking fucking news
according to watch Brian Roberts has
been traded to the Blazers for a
second-round pick oh my god oh my god I
don't know how the NBA is ever going to
be the same if you can't tell I'm being
sarcastic I've had enough of this
fucking trade deadline being the most
boring worse trade deadline I've ever
seen there's
40 minutes left and the damn biggest
trade today with Channing Frye going to
damn Cleveland do something
oh god follow me on the snap at bravados
30 minutes left for the trade deadline
and the son still having traded markeith
no the son's got to do something you
can't keep this team it's been a
disaster and today's the day to make
those trades leading up to today there
were Blake Griffin rumors Dwight Howard
rumors Hassan Whiteside rumours Kevin
Love Carmelo Anthony Blake Griffin Al
Horford jeff Teague all these stars
being rumored to move you know what the
biggest name is for the trade deadline
has been chanting damn Frey I love
Channel 5's former Phoenix Sun but
Channing motherfucking Frye ma Markieff
Morris traded guys Markieff Morris just
got traded thank God thank Jesus cry he
just got traded to the Washington
Wizards Washington Sam you just made the
big mistake of hand of your life mom oh
my god no way oh my god
thank God I can now watch some games in
peace thank you God oh how the fail
thank you God
mom here guys oh my god mom I'll clean
it up don't worry guys Markieff Morris
mom guys Thank You Man appreciate it to
the sons general manager and owner for
trading the biggest dumbass in this
league guys oh my god holy shit I'm so
happy right now I can live my life happy
now I can live my life in peace you
don't understand what this is done to me
guys you want to see something you guys
really want to see something watch this
guys how about a little Markieff Morris
streak event first trade around my yes
guys you thought I was done
sub copper watch this
Thanks puh-puh-puh
see you later Markieff wait I'm not done
oh shit the cop okay guys I gotta go now
because everyone's fuckin looking either
in my neighbor's door open thank God oh
my god
Thank You Washington Wizards Thank You
Washington Wizards for taking the
criminal off her hands I so I had just
seen that uh marquee from where it's got
traded to Washington I didn't even know
the details I just looked at the details
the Washington Wizards actually gave us
a first-round pick they gave us a damn
first topic what kind of drugs are the
Wizards on have they not watched
Markieff Morris play out all this year
how they not seeing his attitude do they
know that he he has three felony assault
cases and he has to go to trial within
the next couple months and he can go to
jail and they gave us a damn first-round
pick for him guys I'm stoked Ryan
McDonagh which is a Phoenix on general
manager I fucking love you oh my god
God and we also got Kris Humphries so I
think that also comes with Kim
Kardashian's ass I'm not sure but and
what this day could only get better if
Brandon and I also got traded but I
don't think he is
but still I'm so happy Markieff is gone
thank God on a more serious note though
if we're done joking around
yes Markieff Morris has really bad
attitude and he didn't want to be in
Phoenix the suns didn't want him anymore
but but
Phoenix didn't want him anymore he
didn't want to be in Phoenix anymore and
I guess now that the drama queen got
what he wanted in my head he's gonna
produce in Washington I think he's gonna
go back to how he was last year which
was 15 points a game I think he's
actually going to help the Wizards so um
this was a pretty good trade for both
teams uh crying my shorts
yeah guys but really if you just watch
my blogs and didn't really watch
basketball last year because I didn't
have YouTube watching Markieff Morris is
actually a good player he averaged
almost 16 points a game for the Suns
last year he started almost every single
game of the season and nobody complained
about him it's not his talent that's a
problem it's his attitude he's a clown
so if you're putting down on the side
that's a good plan I think now that he's
out of Phoenix
his attitude might change and he's still
a dipshit and I hate him but I think
he's gonna help Washington don't be
surprised if he actually averages like
14 or 15 points a game he's gonna be
good for them yeah guys I think on a
more serious snow I'm actually gonna
miss Markieff Morris in Phoenix you know
he was a very mature player and like he
just he was so like for his age he was
so composed and like he just knew how to
win fans over with not just the way he
plays with the way he speaks to the
media psyche okyou Markieff fuck you
bitch get off my team thank you guys
Jeff Green if I say guys one more time
I'm not talking myself in the face and
knocking all my teeth out but Jeff Green
just got traded to the Clippers for
Lance Stephenson Doc Rivers must have
roofied the entire Memphis Grizzlies
organization because that is highway
robbery how the hell did they get Jeff
Green for a Lance Stephenson
