got this what is going on everybody if
you can't tell I got my morning voice on
right now because I just woke up 9
o'clock
and um I don't have classes to like 11
11 10 but I had to wake up a little
early because I got to finish editing my
vlog at the same time I got to study for
my bio test which is what I've been
doing our supposed to get all this done
last night but I literally knocked out
so uh yeah now I got oh I woke up early
before class gonna finish editing my
vlog get it uploaded early for you guys
finished studying for this bio test and
uh today we're taking a field trip which
is my first college field trip kind of
weird to the Birch Aquarium San Diego
and you guys might think Oh field trip
how fun but no this is a college field
trip so I'm sure we're going to be
taking notes and you know actually doing
work during the field trip but I'm not
complaining because I'm not going to be
in class so anything is better than
sitting in your chair listening to the
teacher lecture okay guys so I just
finished editing you know it just has to
render right now and I would say you
know I would say this is life of a
college student but that would be wrong
this is life of a college this is life
of a college dumbass
who has two tests to study for and has
to edit a long vlog but decides to go to
the gym the day before from 6 p.m. to
10:15 p.m. for damn almost 4 and a half
hours
sup hot dog guys I think bosses feelings
toward me define the word hate like yeah
I hate Markieff Morris but I don't even
think that's close to how much Bosley
hates me
Bosley what did I do to you in your hand
give me your hand give me your hand give
me your hand give me your hand
good boy Thank You Man appreciate it
Bosley no mine right now
five miners oh my god
chick-fil-a breakfast ends at 10:30 and
I still look I lost my shorts I don't
know where my shorts are and I starts to
print my ticket to the fucking Birch
Aquarium oh my god
playing in the waters college student
seven damn dollars print come on I gotta
go come on Big Boy
Thank You Man appreciate it now I gotta
find my shoes and short as I'm ready for
school I'm just joking my shorts are in
my car so hopefully none of the
neighbors are out one two gotta stack up
on my waters for the day oh shit for the
day at school
guys so I'm on my way to chick-fil-a and
at 10:21 a.m. it looks like I'm gonna
make it guys holy shit have I ever had a
morning where I'm not in a rush like
literally every single morning of my
life I'm in a rush well there's to go
play lunchtime basketball to edit my
vlog to do my studying to go to fucking
damn chick-fil-a breakfast but um
anyways I'm speaking of setting I was
going to say that yeah I tried to study
and I'ma keep trying to study before my
class but this the material on this test
I underestimated that I never knew was
going to be this hard so on I always
keep honest with you guys I'm not going
to lie and be like oh I did good just
impress you guys no honestly I think I'm
not too sure how I'm gonna do on this
test hopefully I get surprise for the
better rather than what I expect to get
but uh we'll see haven't even seen the
test yet so maybe I'm being a pessimist
but what our studying seemed really hard
anyways the only reason I want to go to
chick-fil-a is just not for the food not
for anything other than the fact that I
want to tell the person of the speaker
Thank You Man appreciate it
oh shit no line literally the best in my
life bitch what are you doing go go
huh
no one takes my order I'm not gonna say
thank you man my name is Jackie funny
interview and can I get chick-fil-a
sauce please
Thank You Man I appreciate it guys oh my
god that shit makes me laugh so hard
even when I say it myself but I was
telling you guys how I was gonna take
the L on my bio exam um
but I also have a history quiz only ten
questions and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
ace that at worst am I gonna be so I'm
not worried about that
I'll leave someone new good on that
gotta keep my basketball with me in the
front seat now because now it is no
longer a basketball it is now Devin
Booker himself fuck boy Anthony want to
get my car you get in the back Jackie
you want to get my car you got in the
back Brian rug you want to get in my car
you get in the back because this C is
taken it's taken okay so I got the food
but instead of eating it in my car I'm
actually going back home surprisingly to
eat it before class because if you guys
watch my vlogs you know that usually I
sit in the damn parking lot eat my food
but but if you watch that Q&A video with
my brother
you saw how bad my armpits sweat for
some reason it's all Devin Booker's
fault because he has a lot of armpit
hair so I keep my along and now they
sweat so I don't want to have sweaty
armpits before the class imma go back
home and eat this food
and this is the share I was actually
wearing in the Q&A with rug so this
shirt is actually prone to making my
armpit sweat and oh my god oh my god
this dog this dog named Beasley I just
saw this dog like about four or five
years ago me and Anthony before I had
Bosley I'll go to the dog park to play
with dogs because my parents didn't let
me have a dog and me and Anthony met
this dog named Beasley and the dog
fucking bit Anthony's shirt and ripped a
hole in and the owner was literally just
laughing like like he didn't even stop
the dog and I swear I just saw the dog
and the owner it's been like four years
and the dog is fucking bigger and the
owner is still the same I have to text
Anthony right now I'm on my way back
home to eat the food you tell me go this
way
no I have to go this way this way it's
my house look the truck is sitting go
that way but I'm go this way oh shit oh
you just honked at me he humped again oh
my god
yeah bitch you're too slow you can't
catch me
guys today it's actually Bosley look how
happy it is how happy Bosley is because
today is my dad's birthday puzzle you
want to go by my dad give me five
no no no wait wait puzzle you guys why
don't I ever get eight Bosley you want
to go by my dad come here good good okay
okay okay you want to see guys okay I've
never gone a reaction like this from
Bosley not from myself ever but today's
my dad's birthday mom how old is my dad
now like 32 yeah guys it's actually my
dad's birthday oh he came inside he came
in from the garage go Oh dad yeah for
your birthday with all your tickets to
family feud
no way no I'm just joking but you can
watch it you can watch it today on TV
though guys today for my birthday my
mom's gonna let my dad answer all the
questions from family feud without
starting a fight good morning dad how
old the truth for eight no you're not no
way I didn't even know you were 40 I
thought like 45 my dad my dad is 40 and
he still looks like klay Thompson guys
my dad has a reenactment of how I get
the chick-fil-a breakfast every morning
go dad
this guy's gonna follow me the actually
happens today guys
you fucking fat pieces of shit causing a
traffic jam just to park one inch closer
to elevator just fucking Park far and
walk a little exercise your fucking legs
just park a little farther there's a
damn elevator to top it off and people
are fucking fighting for one spot a
little bit closer
how big of a hell are we taking Thomas
exist yes each other I did I should've
gone it's so much information like it's
like Elsie's yeah I underestimated this
testing
we just finished our test and I know for
a fact for myself
I'd be lucky to get an F like that was
hot my students a lot like I'd be lucky
to internationally going to get my paper
and write an L on it that was so bad but
on our way to the bridge aquarium and my
friend Ashley that you guys met in one
of the vlogs before she says she's going
to take over my vlog so uh you guys will
love her
how FAR's is playing 5:20
it's like 25 minutes away and my
girlfriend is quiet because she did want
to tell you that's how she did on her
test but uh she's in the same category
as nice it's if you go like on the way
to the cove yeah but why do they keep
leading me here that's fine guys of
course we got lost
people it even with directions cuz look
that okay hold on I'm gonna try Oh AJ
right here
because we might have found it down
there guys will buy all these houses by
the beach these houses are millions of
dollars for what I don't know here we'll
just go to tricks instead we need it no
you need it more than me wait oh no said
no says that way says right
okay look Birch Aquarium right you can
read that sign
hey guys here it is but after park
farther because I don't have a handicap
thing yet imma get one soon if I keep
eating all the fast food that I eat
though guys look at the wheel guys look
happy really got three hours how long do
you want the whole day God we're gonna
be here for three hours but we have to
actually do an assignment we have to
actually do work while we're here hey
the guy from our class yeah because he
talked to us one time about the lab guys
here's the assignment my girlfriend just
placed a noodle rule on me
I'm not allowed to touch her throughout
the trip because if our teacher sees she
said she's gonna move us in class thanks
the teachers in one of these cars
watching me she's not she's inside
Wow
guys were looking for the camerawoman
Ashley
what is this submarine read this later
I'm going to pee on you people have to
go so bad she already got lost I am
fixing your makeup Ashley as we spotted
her by the damn entrance
she wasn't even where we were waiting
guys look where Ashley's charging your
phone what's in your backpack my laptop
to me I need juice I can't die okay well
here's your vlogger for the day
kay part one is done then he says now
enter the aquarium but actually already
entered the aquarium cause she's
impatient but we just finished this car
wait yeah she already went in but now we
all have to go in now enter the aquarium
oh this my new homie what's your name
every t18 nice to meet you we were
talking about the quiz and like I told
you guys we have pretty opposite what I
told you I got mine his was the opposite
guys still aiming just fix this I swear
- I was just there yesterday okay and
tell us what happened how that happened
well I was trying to open up my backpack
and it was just like Burt this is so
ratchet oh my god eight out of ten
that's 80% done that's good that's fine
you gotta be on your nails better than
you did on the test so it's fine
it's good he's gotta be halfway dead
look he has a mohawk they have
these are not money pit I'm just saying
just what it looked gonna go alright
what did the fish say to all his fish
homie after he beat them in basketball
well you just got schooled okay guys
there's the joke of the year and we're
only in February okay it said what do
the wolf eels eat and the answer is
crabs and you said we don't want and
don't want those
what are you organisms left right
jellyfish okay everybody said the only
word I know
Syria tell her to do her own homework no
I did if I get to a tank and I see
Bosley in there Ashley do you know
Bosley yeah that's where you go ball no
that's my yes but that's my dog's name
or already yes Oh keep you like this
curly I need more lip gloss okay so I
just took a break right here because the
Lighting's poppin you don't bring the
ratchet to an aquarium no because look
let me tell you what you look like I got
a auntie that look just like that
no I'm just playing okay how do I stop
this oh shit there's another one right
there it's mr. Krabs about you and your
turn
yeah oh the right here please all mr.
Krabs I think mrs. that's mrs. Krabs
yeah
so that's what produced Pearlie which
woman guys I really feel like I'm in
bikini bottom all these tanks you're
sort of are fresh yeah I'm Squidward
because I'm angry we thought we lost
Ashley why are you here oh now I know
why you got a screen shot down post on
Instagram I got to show the world my
head go hidden talent hey got ready go
are you ready
watch the legs wait I can walk like you
doing that okay I can't do anything else
on it is not freaking Sam will show okay
you guys I'm here to do my outro action
and we had such a great day
deuterium um I learned about sharks
I saw shark I named her sharkeisha and I
saw Nemo and Dory they sometimes they
call me Doreen I don't know because
she's so beautiful right yeah that's
right okay well I hope you enjoyed my
take over for the blog I wish I could
have done more but you know I'm a
scholar and I had to do all my work
so it's because the camera is fucking
dying and my nails are messed up but um
I hope you enjoyed have a good day
share like follow me on Instagram a dot
Shantae it's gonna be right here or
right here he's gonna post it editing so
hard for me
I'm sorry well somewhere around here
there's gonna be my name and that's
about it
mm-hmm guys so she's parked in handicap
why do you have a handicap sighs I'm
handy bad yeah because she has a scar on
her foot so and I walk like this
you notice I'm I need you to hook me up
with one please it's just a rule if you
get six in a row you get a permanent one
blue is temporary wait if you let me
borrow yours I'll shout you out I'll put
your shot on the video let me get my
keys
hey guys so I'm back home from my first
college field trip ever on and Jackie's
on her way over to my house but she had
a headache so I picked up some food
okay Brian a fucking heart attack huh I
just gave Brian a fucking heart attack
he's probably shit himself he thought I
was a ghost
hey Bosley yeah guys Jackie has a
headache so so I got the food you get
the advil or no you get the headache
relief ready
and she likes Canada Dry ginger ale so
you get that ready for her when she
comes over Bosley what's up I just went
on a field trip give me five me five oh
yes okay guys you get it all set up for
my princess not Brian but Jackie you
have the headache pill ranch barbeque
sauce ginger ale
and this all guys one more thing I was
going to say on my last video I got a
bunch of comments things are not a bunch
I got some comments saying stop calling
Jackie your girlfriend or babe just call
her Jackie you know what my phases to
that my response is this because I don't
call her Jackie off-camera so I'm not
gonna fake myself and call it Jackie on
camera because I act just how I act on
camera as I do off camera so I'm not
gonna call her something else just to
make some people happy because for some
reason they get bothered when I call her
my girlfriend or my babe I don't know
but that's not my problem honestly guys
remember how I said it's my dad's
birthday
I got him how do you say it plan but I
got it and I guess he's not even home he
took my mom out so they're both out
right now but that doesn't mean I can't
try it guys look
I'm going to try to you okay guys okay
fine so I can't try the flan flan
anyways yeah it is my dad's birthday and
he's not home
he took my mom out probably to dinner or
something I'm not sure good Brian I'm
gonna just go back one look what my
brother made me watch okay this is his
video the what the fuck with the ghost
voices and everything and I hadn't
watched it till now and I was just about
to fucking shower so now now I'm too
scared to shower so I'm forcing him to
watch a faux cheese waffle with me yeah
I'm hungry man now I can look cigarettes
yeah Brian
there is anything he doesn't do god bet
that's good guys yeah so now I'm gonna
be happy in my shower
look no god man speaking papers called a
mom well he's eating the burger I asked
Brian I said would you lick the cheese
off his beard law and would you like the
cheese off his beard yeah would you take
a sip of the drink after he washes it
right I would brush with the same
toothbrush I said oh my wait what Carl's
you well well we're not about me hey
fuck you
I've to edit the vlog okay please but if
you go I'll pay for your meal please
that's a fair trade-off
after eating well my cat carl jr's
healthy they have my Western bacon my
blood pressure - yeah - Carl June as
hell do they have Western bacon
cheeseburger and chicken nuggets chicken
stars fuck you turn it off no it's just
funny a guy so apart from scary movie
through you yeah it's called skier Glen
oh I've seen that bubble bar look at how
she does the chainsaw right I have to
shower it with Oh Mike well guys look
Brian stop fucking showing Dave Brian
just fucking show one of me and you go
get one really ed blood so dribbling to
the paint at all brother he'll kill my
content right you caught me
all right
