I got this so it's the next morning and
while my girlfriend is getting ready
singing in the bathroom look what she
decided to do we have no more water left
she put the water in the freezer ever
since last night and look we're dying of
thirst and there's no water
yeah guys so we're about to head out now
check out and don't ask me why
this is on TV that's fucking remote
doesn't change but um yeah I mean about
to hit the road it's gonna be like a two
and a half three hour drive so wish me
luck for watch live okay why how cute
this year I just thank God
cuz it's 9:30 the checkout is until
11:00 a.m. so we still have some time
and then we're gonna get food
are we getting McDonald's again I'll
take you out on a date Grilli guys my
god I was like extra it'll be like this
house for a barbecue sauce yeah I know
okay
okay I'm just gonna I'm sorry um we're
watching tie you because when I was too
little I've never been because you know
I was 14 never seen the show I told you
guys that on my son before it's it go I
feel like it was a little shit aka it's
Eric what so tell you where I've taken
her out to eat Mexican food to get carne
asada fries simplicity you guys
simplicity McDonald's uh wings and
things wings and things so I guess the
know that comes to my house we don't I
don't take you out there okay he's never
taking me out unlike a date I can't let
my side see her imagine I walk in him
one of my side chicks is sitting down
I'll be like guys gonna be as a side
chick that at least you have to have a
kid named I need to get cheated on
respectfully Oh God
why are you talking to that let me guess
you didn't grow up with this show either
no God what even is this show
Backyardigans guys look at our shirt who
do we think we are like Phoenix air and
we're literally okay
Arizona we're in Los Angeles California
and we got Phoenix and Arizona shirt but
we're gonna go to CVS to pick something
up really quick get some food babe why
is there a bike in the fucking are you
eating no we're gonna go get yeah so was
looking babe oh my gosh okay
guys she got me those for Valentine's
Day and she's the one eating them makes
sense okay we have to go to CVS we need
to check out and then go CVS go get food
you guys we literally just had a talk
about staying here one more day we will
Ajith yeah I know I'm carrying Jackie's
bag she's carrying mark he's heavy
no guys we were really wanting just yeah
we got everything I might have left my
phone but it's fine I won't be texting
anybody else we were gonna say next
today we're gonna go to the zoo and
we're gonna stay in the same room but we
decided to be good people because we
have a test tomorrow and bio so we're
actually going to go back home study I
have to edit this video I decided to be
a good yeah she has she has a job her
first day at her new job that she was
gonna call out of but uh that way we
have to check out um
but yeah so I decided to be a good
youtuber and good college student go
back home with a professional office
guys if you want if you're wondering why
we didn't bring Bosley I don't know how
they let Jackie in there but guys now
she's not gonna talk to me Oh
I can even joke around my girlfriend cuz
you're not funny okay guys if you're
wondering why Basel II didn't come with
us because there's no petal out that's
it that's the only pet there is and when
we drop the key off that's it guys do
you see that fountain there on on the
yelp review we read that hobos come and
drink and shower in this fucking belt
don't ask why we stayed at this hotel
that's what I get for waiting till the
last second babe we're CBS was it right
and I need water because Jackie froze
the dam leave me one more time for
everyone on the show everything's my
fault
everything no guys but really when the
Sun whose it's her fault
when when I want food and it's closed
early it's her fault when I want to stay
in LA and we have a look Amanda why is
the nose so sharp it's like me I know
guys when we walk past this aisle and
she doesn't stop and look you know she's
not on her period thank God keep walking
please because listen I asked for what I
asked for a contract from Broadus and I
asked you can only fill me when I say
yeah no and I told her with dating bra
Toscano no no no I only say Brendan bro
artists just happens to happen randomly
when you do I hate you guys filmed
unwanted times and you don't want to be
filmed when you want to be filmed and
I've listened you see that thing I want
to send you up there and stick you up
actually so scared of heights no I'm not
yeah you are yeah you are let's go up
there what putting water away
i watch wow you guys we wanted to
imagine he didn't wear because he didn't
know where it was okay thank you thank
you thanks big guys I decided to be a
little more classy than McDonald's so
we're going to sub like yeah why is
McDonald's expensive like for the fakest
shit ever that's like going to a thrift
store and paying more than you would
have fucking at the mall okay well we're
gonna go to Subway private property my
car's gonna get towed oh shit
two hours and ten minutes unless we hit
traffic let's still two hours and ten
minutes I know please no traffic imma
let Jackie take the wheel but I'm too
scared cut guys don't let her cute face
fool you she drives crazier than me
okay maybe not crazy about them okay
okay faster she drives faster than me
and I have really fast Compton yeah she
drives super fast and it's not her but
the people that they drive like fucking
maniacs so like it just doesn't add up
if like it's okay for me to drive that's
what I told you everybody here I'll beat
you but you are normal level crazy and
then you get here guys you never told me
that I'm normal level crazy hugely -
you're psycho crazy they were on the
road guys you know what the girl in the
subway had the nerve to tell me I was
trying to be nice she said what kind of
cheese do you want I said uh can I get
American cheese please and she said you
can get whatever cheese you want I was
going to say bitch I'm being nice
instead of saying American I said can I
get an American please oh no the traffic
is already starting it's been how long
how long since I turned my camera off
since I recorded that last part
literally less than two minutes and
traffic already guys how did that happen
i junked it for sure
oh well we'll make it
guys like the two boots again on our way
back to Santo
I know how much older guys less than an
hour 45 minutes guys I hate slow drivers
so much Oh
my Garf Alma guys my good you make
editing so fucking hard guys my
girlfriend calls me crazy for the things
I do but I did I told her it's not being
crazy it's called I love my girlfriend
that's why I do it they do I say
girlfriend wrong okay I love Jackie
that's why I do it guys it's so hard
being in traffic and try to keep up with
all these trade rumors look at this he's
texting all his health
no I'm not Cavs I made my operation
available Knicks want a point guard this
season like Kailasa no Brandon Jennings
the Hawks are interested in training for
Blake Griffin guys NBA trade deadline is
the greatest time of my life I swear
especially when your team sucks like the
Sun because you know they're trying to
make a lot of changes babe you wish I'm
gonna go to class during trade deadline
I'm just going to be on my phone guys I
have this NBA Twitter where I follow all
these reporters and I just refresh it
and like it it's up-to-date news like
guys yesterday I mean not yesterday last
year sorry I got too high in the last 10
minutes of the trade deadline the sun's
training
goran dragic Isiah Thomas Tyler and it's
Miles Plumlee and a first-round pick all
within a 10-minute span like fuck
there's more traffic but yeah NBA trade
deadline is for sure the craziest time
of the year there's a million rumors and
only like two of them come true but it's
still crazy do you know how Bosley sheds
okay every time I hang out my girlfriend
no you know Oh guys she's still mad when
I showed the sign saying no pets allowed
you guys story of my life my girlfriend
Bebo I can't say that word girlfriend
imma just say my wife my wife sheds
everywhere we go
no you want to becoming one dog you're
not a dog you say your dog I meant I
always like face up Brennan says he get
stupid yeah she pulled her since Charles
a virgin and then and then I walked in I
said I'm not a virgin I'm a bit and then
her friend her sisters friend said why's
he embarrassed it's not a bad thing no
because now listen this is what happened
I was he was coming over because you're
gonna lie go go equally I know okay you
lie to your sister okay I did lie to her
listen this is what happens
okay composition Harvey
and if they take me out of the frame
just talk just talk just stop I don't
know how to do it okay
so um before he came over I was hanging
out with my sister and all that of
course she has like seven friends over
so I was telling my sister that he's
like comes from a really strict family
he can't you know drink he can't smoke
he can have sex he can't do anything so
I was telling them that and so he came
in and they were being really weird
because my sister is such a thought she
was so you know first of all views I'm
like Nikki you're like 12 20 nor 50 is
he's a virgin she's like really really
she was freaking out she was like how
are you guys together I said honestly I
don't know it's just his personality is
so good
yeah the personality under my shorts she
lied so I got defensive I said I said
here's of all I'm not and then her
friend said why she saw me yeah cuz I
was like I was like you guys he's so
embarrassed I'm sorry I told you guys
and he's like Nikki's like my sister's
name is Nikki and she's like oh it's
okay I don't mind like acting like that
were normally to this day they still
think he's affected I'm fuckin cuz
you're fuckin home
look at this right as we were getting
close to getting home guys we're finally
back in Mira Mesa racing home so I can
go see Bosley I can't wait to see Bosley
and he fucking hates me
it makes no sense guys you want to see
my second home watch is coming up right
here I'll probably be here in a few
hours honestly it's my gym LA Fitness
where is it behind all these trees oh
shit it's right there LA Fitness for
whatever reason is called Le fitness
I'll probably be there at night to play
basketball but for now we have to go
home because I have to edit this vlog
Jackie has to start her new job in the
Lidl and I'm gonna go see Bosley I'm
gonna go see my whole family I haven't
seen them in a couple of days hey Bosley
Bosley you better give me a reaction hey
Bosley did he miss me oh no he's gonna
see Jackie she she had to work at 3:00
so she s oh my god guys he loves her
more than me oh yeah Bosley did you miss
me mom
Wow guys so much love I get when I come
home oh my god oh my gosh guys I'm gone
for two days almost mom come down short
mom it's it's not it's okay sure sure
no I deleted that vlog two days later
Aaron Gordon still showed up on the dunk
contest I'm just put that out there guys
on the same day I got back from LA
Brian's on his way back from Vegas hey
Mel Lawrence when are they gonna be home
Bosley Brian's here okay over here
right here Hey yeah look what he does to
Brian compared to what he does to me
mom I told you he hates me
look what he does for Brian guys I'm
almost done editing this video it's for
55 it's almost 5 p.m. still got a render
and upload it because I got back late
like it was traffic on the way back as
you saw and now you have my dad arguing
with my mom over family feud dad it's
not that serious enjoy it man Bosley
enjoy the family feud mom should I go to
the gym no guys I'm literally gonna die
I haven't rested in two days I have the
worst headache straight woke up drove in
traffic after like 10 hours at the theme
park yesterday King straight to editing
what but I'm thinking about going to the
gym I kind of want to play basketball
pick up basketball okay guys I just
marked my basketball so that nobody
steals it with obviously my name on it
Devon Booker and I got to put Eric
Bledsoe on that side once it dries but
uh yeah I got to put my double socks on
and then on my way to go play some
basketball
Oh
here Burger King after the gym I think
four hours in the harbor guys I want to
do thank you may appreciate it but it's
a guy working but yeah I went to the gym
at 6:00 like 6:15 and it's fucking 10:15
right now four hours of straight
basketball I'm fucking dead
Thank You Man appreciate a all the pussy
I said it when I drove fuck brain freeze
oh man okay guys so obviously on the gym
I'm playing bass at the gym I'm playing
bass also I can't really see all your
guys's tweets and stuff so I'm going
through the tweets right now because I
got back home literally a million tweets
a screenshot of the picture from this
vlog by my brother blessing my house
telling me that I was caught naked I was
caught in the shower open your eyes I
wasn't naked I was wearing my damn
boxers look scrying boss he you and your
ads hey john abruzzi from prison break
oh my god Abruzzi I think that was his
name but yeah guys oh my god it's him um
yeah I wasn't naked as much as you guys
wish you caught me naked
Oh bro wallace's news ball ball now if
you want the news you got to add me on
snapchat bro bodies you won't find in my
brother's vlog but look I did look naked
though I'm not gonna lie oh right there
okay why did I make it seem like I was
naked in the first place I was like
hiding behind the door guys how can you
not tell them wearing boxers holy shit
my ass is huge who is it looks bigger
minor Jackie's guys I'm not wearing
I'm watching I'm watching some angry
grandpa and eating my Burger King and
let me tell you the worst that's the
worse burger of the Year award goes to
this Burger King double bacon fucking
jr. cheeseburger double health called up
my ass it's only February and we already
have the worst burger of the Year award
oh shit you guys are gonna call me dirty
because I don't have a play and I
already through the way the rapper so
yeah I'm eating it on the damn table who
cares
oh and eyelash oh shit
oh my god mmm
there's no way that this is Ranch holy
shit look at that oh my god that is not
ranch I'm sorry for the vulgar language
that's about to come out of my mouth but
that looks like what came out of me on
Valentine's night after Universal
Studios holy shit I don't know if I
could eat this maybe he did that because
I said thank you man appreciate it
oh shit guys he knows enough let me tell
you one and you can fuck right here
first of all I want to apologize in
advance for in my head this was kind of
a boring vlog you know I didn't do much
but it's always the day after you travel
is like kind of like you're kind of
getting back to being yourself so on I'm
ending this vlog right here bro wall
squat thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed my last vlog the
Universal Studios Valentine's Day I hope
you enjoy my future videos I hope you
enjoy all my videos I've ever posted in
the past um so let me tell you the real
reason I'm ending it right now it's
about 11 p.m. right now okay tomorrow I
got a history test a quiz a history quiz
in the morning my second class I have my
first biology test I've had biology
quizzes but tomorrow my first test ask
me really quick broad squad say uh hey
bruh wot is how many hours have you
studied hey bra tell me have you studied
hours ask me how many minutes I've
studied hey abroad is how many minutes
have you studied zero I haven't even
started studying so I need to fucking I
need to end this vlog I need to edit
this vlog I'll be done around 2:00 or
3:00 in the morning
then I got to start studying for my guys
listen if you look up the definition of
mess you know mes s in the dictionary my
face like this would show up so on let's
go to dictionary
dictionary.com type and mess because my
life is a mess right now I need to go
edit this vlog I need to finish eating
my cum fucking chicken sandwich and I
gotta study for my test tomorrow
remember history quiz in the morning
biology tests in the afternoon and I'll
let you guys know how I do once I get my
results anyways thank you guys all for
watching two more days until or three
more days I don't know whenever the
balls going to be up a couple more days
to the NBA trade deadline
I'm just taking on my fake watch what
Markieff Morris is going to be off the
fucking Phoenix Suns the best day of my
life and hopefully Bram night is gone as
well all right so we got NBA all-star
game on TV because I was at Universal
Studios while it was on so I didn't get
a chance to watch it first time watching
it editing the vlog and studying for my
test this is literally the definition of
life of a college student today in my
class we are taking a biology field trip
to the Birch Aquarium I'm not sure if
I'm going to be vlogging that cuz I'm
not sure what the rule is with cameras
and because it's like kind of a class
thing we're gonna have to be taking
notes and everything but that should be
exciting it's after our test we're gonna
go to the Birch Aquarium
I forgot I have to be flogging like this
because you guys don't like it like this
and I do whatever my fans like except
stop watching Suns game because a lot of
people tell me to stop because they
cause me stress you're right the Suns
caused me a lot of stress but I can't
stop anyways yeah I gotta get back to
studying and stuff and hopefully I can
vlog at the Birch Aquarium lemarcus uh
but we'll see how that goes
