what is going on you guys Brandon here a
cave artist and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new video with my best
friend Dennis and Dennis you said my
intro was weak
what was this redo I'm here with my best
friend Dennis hey me no sorry please I
think I said all of our friends were
gonna kill us
yeah the old taught me anyways got if
you're here to watch some type of like
crazy insane video then this is probably
not the video for you because instead
today me and Dennis are going to be
telling you a story about how Dennis's
house got robbed like a full robbery and
me and him pretty much walk this it was
just like a crazy story and we weren't
really a lot to talk about over this
past year from multiple reasons and now
we finally got the OK to put it out
there on the internet this happened to
Dennis so he's gonna be telling also a
story I'm gonna give you guys my point
of view really quick and then I'm gonna
take it away to Dennis so this was like
last year it was when I first met Dennis
for those who don't know it may look
like we've known each other our whole
lives but we've actually only known each
other for like a year in a couple months
so this was last year I had only known
him for a little bit and I was in
Arizona for a Phoenix Suns game and the
day that that's happened actually there
was no something we had already went to
the something the day before so this day
we just have to jam we were playing
basketball you know just cuz I'm on
vacation doesn't mean that I don't play
basketball
but we were playing basketball together
we decided to go back home I'm gonna let
Dennis take it over from here he walked
in first and he saw everything first
I'll just behind them so Dennis if you
want to go ahead and tell them like your
point of view
it feels so long gone I know it feels
like 10 years ago so we came back from
the gym usually I was booked I always go
to the garage I used to live there and
went through the garage so the garage
connects to the kitchen went through the
kitchen and like put the keys on the
counter ever all the lights were off no
one's home and it's pretty weird cuz all
the lights were off usually don't do
that and then turn the lights and walk a
little and like I see the door and it's
like broken but like it's closed but
it's broken and like I looked at Brandon
and Brandon
is that normal were here like he was so
confused too I was like because Dennis
it didn't look like he made it a big
deal just like bro the doors broken and
I'm like wait is it normal what's your
door broken before we came he said no
yeah so like Oh before all that when you
first parked under the car yeah look are
like sped behind as well at that point
we didn't know wait for his nuts or
thought car was speeding on the street
yeah if we had mentioned like we had
both saw the car yeah and now looking
back at it was like I don't know then we
like both look each other we're like we
should go like get out the house just in
case and like we went sand the car then
link put it nothing missing like we just
saw the door broken there was a Dennis I
said okay the doors broken but does your
house look normal like he said yeah
nothing nothing was messed up at all yes
so just weird so we could I was like we
obviously if you see a door broken but
you don't see anything messed up in like
you don't see anything missing even
there were like expensive things right
in front the door and they weren't
missing so you know I think of a robbery
Cousineau that have been gone so Dennis
was like bro should we leave I'm like I
don't know it's up to you and he started
talking about how like he just has a bad
bar there like a bad feel about
everything so I'm like okay if you feel
that way let's go cuz it's your house so
like I'm not trying to force you to stay
you went out we went back in the car and
then would you call your brother so like
we got the carnelian position and I
called my brother I said like dude like
because I assumed his last won't leave I
said did you like slam the door anything
on accident break and leave and he's
like no what do you mean and that's one
like he started like like seeing what's
going on and stuff so instead of us
trying going which we probably would
have done like idiots if your brother
didn't say call me yes but when they're
calling the cops and then like they said
like good thing you call whatever they
went in and they search the house like
flashlights and guns and when they came
to this in my head I'm like bro
it's crazy if someone's actually in
there because I was the one who when we
were inside I was like oh are you sure
you want to leave like the kind of thing
things so I wasn't the same thing wasn't
my house other than yeah yeah so the
cops were in there in my head I keep
thinking bro if they actually find
someone like someone Rajesh
yeah and we were actually inside the
house when somebody was in there and
another thing guys imagined they saw you
guys seen me and Dennis like right now
best friends were cool yeah I forget
about that yeah you would think we've
known each other our whole lives that's
not the case I met him last year and
this happened last year's legs day it
was like literally right when I met him
so although I hold on
I'm not bowling imagine with somebody
who just met someone who just became
friendly I'm at somebody's house there's
cops there like he potentially just got
robbed his brother's going crazy like
and I'm just sitting there like yo we're
sitting like outside - we're gonna cop
to their flashlights but I think that
made it's closer vote like that man is
Frank more like friends and we were at
the time we're looking like the cops are
going yelling with their guns and flash
it was scare you yeah and then like my
cops go I see him like because you can
kind of see through the like the blinds
that flash lines going around there look
looking around the house and then the
cops come on they say there's no one
inside and like everything looked normal
so we go inside the house with a cop to
that point we're so scared we thought
like something was going on now and the
cops said there was nothing like like
all the other things good units in place
everything looks in place there's
nothing missing so then he said since it
was clear there was no Nanae he said can
you guys come tell us what's like yeah
there's something missing my mom and
brother were at work together like at
the family business and my dad was that
his other families and they called me
said shoot
Oh my dad didn't know we didn't tell my
dad I told you or my dad right now so we
called my mom and brother and they're
like wait should we close up shit like
they want to close the whole store and
call it so wait if nothing's missing
wait and then the cop says okay whatever
I said hold on before anything can you
just check I told him the area I said
can you just check this place and tell
me if there's a safe right there
the cop was I was gonna ask who there's
this one place that looks like there's
something missing in it she knows I
think that if I told you I'd sell this
or no I'm just joking we got that okay
and then I said can you check that one
pleasure to make sure like there's a
safe thing he said I was gonna tell you
it looks like there was something like a
safe supposed to be there wasn't they
said that spot looks perfectly and he
said that's the only thing that I see
missing and I'm like right when he said
that I put my
down and like brands ago like like he
was social surprised like he was
literally in shock so imagine I met him
and my kids even know like what to say
to me like I felt bad too and then but
sure I just say I like Dennis right when
that happened because of what he said
when he said that he didn't want to call
his dad to make him worried that's like
something I would do something happened
to me I wouldn't want to like tell my
dad or my mom so that they don't get
worried
so like that in my head like damn dude
this has the same like heart and the
same mind as me and also I like them
more cuz we're both idiots because if
it's brother day tell it to call the
cops
we're like well that's going south and
see what happened we thought okay let's
just go figure this out ourselves we
would've got rope check the rest of the
house and like nothing not even touch
one thing not even one thing in the
household like game consoles jewelry
nothing tell me one thing there was
really very nice that they didn't touch
one thing they only took that safe and
left so like someone went for that item
you know what I mean and that's scary
because if you're going just for that
one item specifically then I'm not
saying this is a fresh air but you must
like they must have been watching like
they must have known exactly like where
why yeah where it is why they wanted
that safe and not anything else
and like nothing was moved so they
didn't even have there anything else I
don't know that's just creepy
it's creepy that's what it is not saying
it's creepy basically been watching up
there probably knew no one was home you
know figured watch every single one of
us just till now like two days ago was
yesterday two days ago they called and
they said like okay well everything is
done so we said okay Kimberly talked
about it now well your metal art is been
you know freaking our store your freakin
second day together got like got robbed
then we haven't told it cuz we weren't
allowed to yeah because everything was
so kind of like under work or under
investigation and the investigation just
ended like two days ago
of course this happens to Brandon and
Dennis the second day they ever need
what are you doing why am i bad juju ha
at the end of the day everyone was safe
it could have been way worse I know it
so said they took the safe obviously
that's like that's bad but at the same
time thank God like nobody was home to
get hurt thank God you know when me and
Dennis why I was
they were inside who knows some some
robbers like they freak out and they do
something yeah yes where they freak out
and recount what I really to get out of
there and to get out there so we're just
lucky we went at the right time and now
that we think about it roll the car that
we saw speeding off honestly we're not
saying for sure well yeah but I think
about my problem and watch that all day
yeah what if we walked in water in there
or something and imagine if like I
didn't force you to play that much of a
spot we would've walked in when they
were there yeah I think I've watched you
dance this woman all my knives and
always at something more but I now I
have proof so next time we're at the gym
I'll be like Dennis let's play some more
and he says no I'll be like okay what
happened last time you said no and
you're like okay let's quit yeah you
know you're not watching the video to be
entertained I guess you're watching this
video too real spirit yeah here are
experience and be alert just know that
even if you think like oh you're just
doing whatever it's just you by yourself
and there could be someone watching so
always be careful like sometimes you
just go living life and you're like oh
haha all good whatever Volvo but you
never actually think about like things
like this could happen and it doesn't
hit you until it actually happens to you
just like remember when we got on the
car accident like we drive every single
day and we're just like we never think
about it yeah and then like we gain a
car accident now I'm gonna me drive
we're like more alert and stuff same
thing with this sometimes you don't
think about you could actually be the
one getting robbed until like it
actually happens and then you start
being more alert and so I mean this one
wasn't Dennis or his family's fault I
literally broke through the door knew
exactly where the safe was just took him
left well like you said thankfully
everybody's okay that's all that matters
and now you know how our friendship
became a little bit closer and a little
bit tighter
second April and I don't know awkward
necklace for me imagine if you were that
position was Bob a rug topper on Brian
me offering the things yeah I was like I
don't agree act on all these people are
yeah yeah the whole time I was just like
bro are you good thank you so much for
watching this video once again I'm sorry
that this video isn't some crazy insane
like entertainment blah blah promise
I'll get back to those tomorrow
drop a like on this video if I guess it
helped you learn a lesson or you just
like to hear our experience subscribe to
the channel if you are new we just hit
2.5 million subscribers not too
like 2.5 million and almost 50,000 we
gained almost 50,000 subs in just a
couple of days so you know yeah thank
you guys I love you guys apostle i just
keeps growing and growing and growing
you guys make me happy so thank you so
much for that other than that Brandon
aka but what if I love you guys oh and
one last thing
what's today Sunday so our basketball
season starts back up on Tuesday I've
been getting a lot of tweets saying bro
what happened to your basketball season
do you know did you guys stop playing no
it was holidays
so our season ended and then they didn't
want to start the new season on
Christmas and like a one-month break and
we're back
two more days you guys know me I love
basketball I can't wait to start better
when now you got so much rest yeah I
know I just hope you guys are excited
for the videos again cuz I love making
those basketball videos I love you guys
all but watch what I'm out Dennis Dennis
I'm out love you guys all
push to his channel push it up please
that's problem I can't leave people out
there I meet a lot of Chaldean fans they
say that they love when I speak Kelly in
my videos
Dennis you'll be shocked Maura I swear
say something back to me for the
Chaldean viewers backed-up leaves a
comedian cameras in my barrio I swear
enough
