got this guy's so like you guys should
know by now because I mentioned it
probably three million times I'm going
to Universal Studios tomorrow with my
girlfriend Jackie and here's something
you guys don't know I'm fucking
terrified of rollercoasters let me tell
you this the ones it can go 10 million
miles per hour super fast if it's
straight with some turns I don't care
I'll go on a million times
once it's high like a fucking Eiffel
Tower and it has the drop that literally
makes my ballsack go all shoot all the
way up to my heart makes my stomach
fucking shoot out of my mouth
there we have a problem you know small
loop you know the turns upside down okay
that's fine if you have a fucking loop
that's all the way high or a loop that
fucking just just I don't like scary
roller coasters and I don't care I'm 20
years old I never liked scary roller
coasters fast ones you know like turns
and twists I don't care fucking Space
Mountain like but ok so I'm sure you
guys all know the ride Jurassic Park
which is at Universal Studios Hollywood
you know it's a really slow ride it's
more like a themed ride you know it's
not fast and everything it's more like
the scenery but but at the end of the
damn ride there's a 80s I think it's at
86 foot drop or some shit like that
like the fucking what like some weird
Sal like one of the biggest drops in
fucking blah blah blah like you know all
these weird stats so like I texted
Jackie and I was like babe honestly
you're not fucking forcing me to go
Andre I said I'll go on every single
ride with you but Jurassic Park fuck
that and she said no you have to you
have to so I said okay whatever all
night last night like I'm surprised I
didn't piss myself I was on YouTube
watching a jurassic park ride
point-of-view like all this and I was
reading all the top comments like oh the
show the drop was so scary my heart
stopped I got a heart attack all this
later I was literally like fuck me like
I like trying to hop myself falls like
okay it's just one drop like I'm in
front of my girlfriend I can't be a
pussy like a half the impress er I go on
the Universal Studios website to see how
big the drop was god I'm such a fucking
pussy
lot like while I'm saying this I'm
noticing you won't believe it this is
probably the happiest moment of my life
it said Jurassic Park Club I'm literally
crying tears of joy it said Jurassic
Park closed for like refurbishment or
whatever I was so fucking happy I was
like I said hell yeah I was so happy
like it was the greatest day of my life
and now I have Universal Studios contact
on my phone I'm gonna call them cuz this
was last night when I checked it was
closed I'm gonna call them and hope it's
closed tomorrow no machine it's 5:02
fucking 502 what the hell I'm so pissed
I need to know if there is gonna be open
or not so I can fucking prepare myself
before Wow it's 5:02 motherfucker no I
need to call them Universal Studios
customer service how about that there's
no way they close at 5:00 p.m.
customer service phone number please
don't be closed
come on please God thank you for calling
Universal Studios Hollywood the
entertainment capital of ma a detailed
information about our worldliness studio
tour in Deer Park may also be found on
our website
I won't go for park hours please
collection that your ass because I shall
fucking kick your ass for assistance
with the new Universal Studios Hollywood
overfiend for assistance with an
existing Universal Studios Hollywood
order please press 2
your call may be monitored or recorded
for quality of services
I just predict you calling reversals
guest contact center we are currently
experiencing a high call volumes and
your main time may be greater than 10
minutes full view that you're probably
answered in the order it was received
thank you for your patience always uh
provide and whimsical one page no nature
of man joy calm thank you for calling
universals guests contact center we are
experienced in forgiveness
clearly but you're probably answered in
the order it was received
Thank You page 30 the Ragan fire at dark
force gun mile every round when I know
less thrilling
my god in the advertisement said uh
hopefully The Simpsons Ride doesn't
crash you into like all the shit with
his twisting
turns nap do I have another right to
worry about now I thought that Simpsons
was a fucking kids one I think I'm gonna
eat like eight McDonald's meals right
before I sleep tonight so I don't wake
up and then I could just tell my
girlfriend like I got a heart attack
from eating too much McDonald's I can't
go to Universal cool
fuck Universal I Selma text my girls say
hey we're going to Chuck E Cheese
instead
hi this is Brandon I had a question
because online I read that Jurassic Park
was closed I was wondering if those
going to be closed on Valentine's Day as
well yeah for Hollywood oh okay because
honestly I'm scared to write and I'm
going with my girlfriend so now I have
an excuse not to write it yes it's fun
all the way until the drop I like the
scenery so yeah yeah I tried it one time
was the worst thing in my life well you
just gave me the greatest news of the
day so thank you very much you're
welcome I'm sure you thought I was going
to be upset no that's yeah because my
girlfriend said if you don't go on
Jurassic Park with me then I'm not going
to go to Universal Studios and now have
an excuse so thank God yeah the only one
I'm worried about now is The Mummy
Returns but I think I can handle that
one so it's fun okay well thank you for
your information
uh no that's it YouTube YouTube I just
yes thank God thank God I'm so happy now
sorry babe but we're not going to
Jurassic Park fucking yes
but yeah imma go see Jackie just for
like five minutes I don't know maybe
less just before she works Jurassic Park
is closed tomorrow I mean on Valentine's
Day actually because I called Asuka why
did you good because I know because I
saw online that she's so mad that it's
closed that's like the only ride she
wanted to go on guys it's my fault
Jurassic Park is closed right
she said you wished it so bad that
actually happened I'm sad how much is
this she says she's gonna start charging
me because she gets me views guys I'm
still wearing my Jersey
I swear I'm in love with it like when I
throw this on when I throw this Jersey
on I literally am Eric Bledsoe himself
like you might as well call me Eric
Bledsoe
at a matter of fact when I have this
Jersey on and I'm ordering pizza there's
only one name I do go by Eric Bledsoe
anyways umm my girlfriend's about to
come over so we're ordering pizza and
umm day before Valentine's Day my mom is
not home my dad's at work rug is in
Vegas I'm home alone so I think it
speaks for itself why I'm not gonna be
recording once Jackie comes over I'm
just joking guys I make well I don't
know if I'm joking but guys know I make
so many fucking like dirty jokes like
shouldn't take it seriously actually yes
you should because everything I say
actually happens but I'm just joking
actually I'm not joking I don't know
what I'm saying I'm hungry I'm about to
eat pizza I'm going to Universal Studios
tomorrow and I want to conclude my vlog
right now uh
Happy Valentines to everybody um I'm
going to Universal I hope you guys do
something fun even if you don't do
something fun just have
great day it's Sunday so you know good
day um also if you are in Universal or
in the LA area you know just try to get
a contact try to get contacted me and I
will definitely meet up take pictures
like I said go get food or something
whatever you guys want
and also if you're bummed out about not
having a Valentine guys honestly some
people don't have Mother's on Mother's
Day some people don't have fathers on
Father's Day you'll be okay
still go out and try to get some puss
you know but uh I'm just joking but
actually I'm not joking but anyways
everybody have a great day and enjoy
Valentine's Day just as much as imma
enjoy this pizza so thank you for
watching this video and thank god
Jurassic Park is closed
guys oh my god Jesus Lord Christ
I came to fill up gas before the pizza
came and I'm sowing their blood so
Jersey so I can only fill up at number
two and there's already a car out number
two
oh man peace is gonna arrive at my house
and I'm not gonna fuckin be there what
to do what to do
fuckin
now he wants to leave
too late now guys it's NBA all-star
weekend and chill how hype that Jurassic
Park is closed
guys I totally have forgotten really mad
it's okay there's the minion ride and
The Sims care maybe we'll probably sleep
in his car because you know guys with
trying to book a hotel yeah
it's 5:00 p.m. the day before
Valentine's Day and we still didn't book
a hotel so on we're kind of screwed when
my eye or butt is like so boney we have
to have to take that out because so
we're gonna be sleeping in my car out
when they clean the car and then yeah
we're gonna sleep in the car outside of
Universal Studios call it a night so I
was gonna ask a question to my
girlfriend who's winning the three-point
contest
for me look at you um I think Booker is
obviously it okay please so she thinks
Devon book is gonna win just like me but
what she doesn't know is that Steph
Curry's in the three-point contest who
do you want to win now be careful what
you say because my door is open
and if you give me a wrong answer no
more Universal City you know what I just
know more Universal but no more staying
at my house don't I'm sorry guys where
are the manners
ah he gets mad when I burp like I'm
sorry that happens and I'm a woman like
only I'm allowed to perk I'm sorry okay
two bit we gotta watch Devin Booker and
baby you know I just took off the Blitz
of Jersey for the first time I was I put
gas in it I recorded what why I love it
huh look guys fucking sweet that's the
only thing I had a blood seller a
backpack okay guys so tomorrow expect a
vlog tomorrow you're gonna expect a vlog
of our day at Universal this is going no
this is going up on Sunday this is going
to be up while we're at Universal and
then the day after this goes up later in
the day because we have to come back
from LA we're gonna post a vlog of our
day at Universal if if you run into us
I'll put you in my vlog so guys what we
thought oh my gosh yeah listen guys um
this is my new vlog I'm doing I'm taking
over
um what do you say that you doing do you
say it you say hey bro wat squad guys
happy Valentine's Day to all of you that
are couples and single and all of you
are actually adding bulk Markieff Morris
you just have to look positive vibes you
guys don't be knighted like him will you
just treasure
Wow like it's Valentine's Day weekend
the ice cream ice cream makes you have
okay whatever
okay goodbye MBA also we can until guys
really quick because I know you guys are
dying to see my opinions or reaction on
that crazy dunk contest which was easily
the best one we've seen in years I
tweeted yesterday if you want to follow
me on twitter my twitter name is apricot
is just like my youtube name I tweeted I
said ladies and gentlemen the dunk
contest is back this is the best one
we've seen in years but I also think
Aaron Gordon should have won it it's no
disrespect to Zach Lavine because he's
fucking a regular dunk from the free
throw line is that's a 50 he's doing
windmills from the free-throw line you
know all this shit from the free-throw
line but no disrespect so great job by
Zach Lavine but I still think Aaron
Gordon should have won he had that crazy
knot between one life but between two
legs and then that quick he was Aaron
Gordon went off on three-point contest
Devin Booker almost shocked the world
I mean it's 19 year old doesn't let the
pressure phase and he's 19 years old the
youngest player in three-point contest
history in front of a sellout crowd
which he's not used to being in front of
in Phoenix obviously going he he knocked
out James Harden a superstar and JJ
Redick and BA he's been the league what
like nine ten years in a tiebreaker
three-point shootout to advance a
championship round to face off against
maybe the best shooting background NBA
history Steph and klay now obviously he
didn't be Stefan clear I wasn't
expecting that but um to make it I don't
know Devin Booker was I was so hyped I
wish he wanted but he almost would off
the upset but not really uh if you guys
want to see my reaction to the dunk
contest rising stars name and
three-point contest that video is going
to be up tomorrow here's a little
preview right here
please bilker five six come on booger
please um actually it'll be up tomorrow
or Tuesday I'm not sure yet because it
depends what time we get back from
Universal speaking of universal it's
Valentine's Day this morning so happy
Valentine's Day to everybody we're about
to leave Jackie's in the bathroom
getting ready right now and I see that
she has these shorts on my bed so those
are what she's gonna wear and now I know
it's already gonna be a good day because
like when the lines are long not has
something to look at while we're waiting
but uh what's it going anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this sort of a vlog a
mini vlog I guess and um tomorrow late
because we're gonna get back pretty late
from the hotel later tomorrow night a
vlog of universal and I'll try to double
upload with my reaction to NBA all-star
weekend but if not then I'll get back to
you guys on Tuesday I hope you guys
enjoyed
butwhat's go out I love you guys all
