I got this so what are you waiting for
pawsley
she's sleeping so now you got to hang
out with me
he's sleeping - and my dad is at work so
you're running out of options big boy
guys I honestly don't know how I'm still
alive because I was laying right here on
my bed last night look how much cookies
I ate guys and chips right before I
slept I honestly thought honestly I
thought I was gonna wake up with my
heart fucking tight tight tight
congestion right here and just honestly
not even wake up look
Bosley they're asleep I'm awake
hang out with me well you go to sleep
eating them you wake up eating them mmm
so good guys a key to having a
successful successful day is eating a
heart-healthy breakfast a lot of protein
you know just overall good for you
healthy snack guys before I go to the
gym hey when the hell did that come from
if I go to the gym I gotta finish
editing this video the basketball 1v1 me
rug loser had to get strip of wax off
their leg hair
but um yeah it's nine thirty five right
now I gotta leave the house by 11 you
guys already know lunchtime basketball
guys so I just finished editing now it's
got a render god in my camera to focus
it's got a render and while it's
rendering I got a go get chick-fil-a
breakfast 1014 ends at 10:30 I have 15
minutes
Fargo cook Jim Oh hold on hold on hold
on rug would you like my brothers
literally a dying dog do you want
chick-fil-a breakfast oh well how about
you don't look at my girl's ass next
time because you know how everybody in
my last video thought I was being
serious about trying to kill you you
wouldn't believe the comments okay I
can't even go on a rant on this cuz I'll
be late to chick-fil-a breakfast let me
just leave it at this I'd say about 30
percent of the comments actually believe
that me what trying to poke rug in the
ass with three knives and me trying to
light his hair on fire with me guys
Brian people actually believe people
actually were commenting dude you're so
fucked up he just looked at her ass it's
a habit you don't need to you're so mean
to him it's a fucking joke
it's a fucking joke just like Bosley's
life hey buzz Lee you're so mean okay
what do you want from chick ass
three chicken minis with some hashbrowns
as we know if you had a sweetie I'm
shoving up your ass that's the only way
you're gonna drink it right now I need
to actually hurry up you know I'll just
pay for it
God's um yeah but I'm actually in shock
at how many people actually believed out
like the comment like first of all I
mentioned in the video at the end of the
video I said this is all I said
specifically these words gotta get these
on so I'm going to jihad after but I
specifically said these words I said I
know a lot of my subscribers take
everything literally and seriously so in
case you couldn't figure out which I'm
not sure how you wouldn't guess that
that video was a joke like like I'm
gonna actually get mad at my brother
looking at my girl but like she doesn't
piss me off
I don't care like
but anyways so yeah it's one thing
people thought I was getting mad it's
another thing that people actually
believed I was trying to kill him
like yeah I'm gonna try to kill my
brother by fucking snapping party
snappers at him and shoving three knives
up his ass and pizza cutting in the
middle of his ass and then posting it on
you I don't know guys I actually that
pissed me off when people that have been
serious huh I don't know I guess I just
have a unique sense of humor and some
people don't get it for the people that
get it thank you I guess I don't know
that that was actually shocking to me
like I disabled comments for a while
because I'm just like honestly how can
people not see that this is a joke
Lorne Thank You Man appreciate it tell
me everything about you that's I
no sorry sir I gotta go get breakfast
he's gonna fucking kill me oh wait he's
gonna go to the other one he's gonna go
to the other one oh my god fuck now I
look like an idiot I said sorry sir I
gotta go get my fucking breakfast and
he's gonna get it before me the guy took
too long ordering so now I'm getting my
food beforehand he's behind me right now
but guys let me just elaborate on that
so on I'm sure you guys all saw the
video of me trying to murder rug you
know it's like all a joke I tried to
light it on fire I stabbed him in the
ass with a knife I Peeta cut his arm I
hit his leg with a meat tenderizer and
like I hadn't picked from a half-witch
what he wants to Don he think guillotine
you to chop your head off in this
fucking old French Revolution all the
shit you wouldn't believe that a bunch
of the comments were actually stuff like
this I I'm quoting these quote unquote
dude you're fucked up without your
brother you wouldn't be anything why
would you do that to him the other is
like dude he just looked at her but it's
a guy's habit everybody would do that
why are you so why are you so like
overprotective guys are you kidding me
like that can't clearly tell that that
was a joke I don't know but yeah so I
disabled comments for that video for a
while but then honestly I'm like I got a
bunch of subscribers who comment with
support and a bunch of carbons who
comment like with great feedback that I
love to read and I wasn't going to
disable them just for the people who
couldn't see that that was a joke so I
turned the comments back on actually I
got a bunch of comments saying this is
the funniest video ever like your sense
of humor is hilarious like I know that
was just like it was mind-boggling to me
how many people actually took offense to
that my intro song
look I'll get to the part where it plays
my intro watch familiar oh shit
guys who remembers the song this
motherfucking car doesn't hurry up I
need to go to the jamp and just hurry up
would you just fucking hurry up
you gotta always test out Brian's green
are not green tea sweet tea just to make
sure it's sweet enough it's not sweet
enough then you go back and tell them to
add something you know Brian if you're
watching this I just brushed my teeth
guys I just got home and look I noticed
I was driving with my damn door closed
on the fucking shoelace the whole way
but oh shit how am I gonna bring the
drink down with the bag let's see well
this is just asking for disaster
hopefully it doesn't fall guys six more
hours until Devin Booker plays in the
rising stars challenge
I'm so fucking hyped yes Devin book is
in the game and yes he's going to be
participating in the three-point contest
tomorrow so Devin Booker is having a
busy all-star weekend for a 19 year old
Brian how does it make you feel that
somebody your Bosley's shut up that
somebody your age is playing in the
rising stars challenge today and
participating the three-point contest
tomorrow doesn't it make you feel like a
sack of shit guys even worse for me I'm
older than Devin Booker makes me feel
like a sack of shit crying fine we don't
look like if I look like Devin Booker
I'll kill myself from happiness the only
thing we have alike is our hairy armpits
I grow my now cuz he has hairy armpits
too look how much food we got hash
browns three mini three minis fucking
biscuit two sauces like I ate two sauces
ooh I need two for just this Oh would
you like any sauce man yeah do can I get
um chick flicks on swings of course my
pleasure
fucking put they judicial attorney Brian
I got that on record all right guys time
go to a jam and catch up with you guys
after I'm be there for a cup a little
while
Bob Ozzy
I just hit four straight threes my buddy
right here what why did I hit the booth
so there's not wearing a Phoenix Suns
you're not wearing my son
did you guys think it was the fucking
background music I don't know how a
background song from my vlogs got on my
iTunes but it always comes on randomly
like when I'm listening to music and for
some reason I fucking leave it on I jam
out to it
it's called sundown hey that makes sense
sundown just like my sons are falling
down in the standings but yeah you heard
that guy talk because I always play
basketball in my um Phoenix Suns like
warm up shirt and today I was going off
I hit like four straight threes this
game I was like scoring a bunch of
points and this guy came up to me he's
like hey did you notice it because
you're not wearing your Phoenix Suns
y'all is dying but fucking hot today
seats 84 degrees 130 right now so that's
San Diego summer weather for you summer
is coming
it's mid-february right now so I can
only imagine how hard it's going to get
when it actually is summertime guys I
can't be the only one who gets really
thirsty after playing basketball oh man
I need a drink
thirst-quenching small fucking gray
goose baby bird mom I got a new New
Year's resolution where are you my mom
said no more drinking mom I just drink
Grey Goose in the garage oh no listen I
have a new new year's resolution guys
you know how everyone comes up with a
new year's resolution like in January
December okay mine is a little late
oddly bitch it involves Bosley and he
just I'm about to cancel it cuz of him I
knew no your delusion is to rekindle my
friendship with Bosley to take it back
to when he was a puppy when he used to
like me okay but I'm gonna do my part he
has to do hits guys I always put Grey
Goose in Bosley's water he goes right to
sleep once he drinks it father come here
let me tell you my new year's resolution
okay
my know oh you want to already start off
this new year's resolution good
he just likes my swag cuz I was playing
basketball as I'm gonna go get my
eyebrows done in a little bit
I'm Middle Eastern loudly come back I'm
a deletion so my eyebrows grow like
bushes so I have to tame them the girl's
name is Tammy she's she's really nice
she's my sidekick mom I'm not but yeah I
have an appointment so uh and for
everyone who's gonna comment dude you're
a god you can get your eyebrows on it's
guys get their eye if you're a guy and
you don't get your eyebrows down then
that's a problem
I don't have time to of church god we
used to go to this church it was an
Arabic and run you remember the 14
stations they would say it in Arabic for
the Arabic speakers and in English from
the English speakers that it took
obviously how long how long Brian at
least it took mom like three hours
how much for church but if you sit in
your ass about you too for Nick YouTube
the whole day no I love Church but three
hours of little glass on you Willie fine
I go his nose grew and he said that no
way I'm go get my eyebrows done mom
there's three times that I pray really
heavily before yeah there's three times
one is one the sons play but that
obviously hasn't been working so I need
to pray harder choose right before I get
my hair cut and threes before I get my
eyebrows done so I'm gonna I always say
a prayer before I get my eyebrows I'm
scared if they mess up Tammy don't fail
me
it's Good Friday so I think my prayer is
gonna be extra effective today got the
tools ready the operation is about to
start
right now if I smell that I just came
back from the gym bye last know what guy
so I send my prayer so that she wouldn't
mess up on my eyebrows but really I
should have said my prayer for her for
Tammy because I honestly just got done
playing like two hours about smile and I
lifted for like 30 minutes
so I smell like shit I didn't have time
to shower so I should have said a little
prayer for her I feel bad for her
nostrils but it's all good I apologize
like you see three more hours till Devin
Booker - I watched Devin Booker and the
only race Hey
okay guys so as I'm leaving the parking
lot of the eyebrow lady I see this
edible arrangements I see the sign
pick up the perfect Valentine's gift so
I think i'ma stop by and see if they can
do something for a Jackie really quick
and hopefully they have pineapples
because you already know like
Valentine's Day so uh you know where I'm
going with this but no way I'm just
talking so I'm gonna get down and see
what they could do it guys so I just
picked this up
it's chocolate-covered strawberries
chocolate-covered grapes and
chocolate-covered pineapples shaped as
hearts they raped my credit card 50 buck
or Roos for this
this better be this fruit better make me
live and this fruit better take away all
the fast food bad health that the fast
food has caused me over the past year
this fruit better give me an extra
fucking eight years of life this that
fruit better give me the best you I
don't want to say it the best you know
what on Valentine's Day Valentine's
night I mean this fruit better fucking
have grown on God's trees oh my god they
raped my credit card but anyways I'm
happy I got that and I also picked up a
teddy bear so uh but I need to pick that
up later for some reason they didn't
tell me the cost of that gone those let
me guess that's gonna be like eight
hundred dollars but just seen mama rug
oh shit forgot the thing in my car of
course that's something I would do
forget something that needs to be
refrigerated in my car and damn almost
ninety degree weather
before my god my mom watches all
guys my neighbor literally drives to
pick up the mail why the mailboxes fuck
you wonder while America's obesity rate
is fucking 9 million percent fucking the
mailbox is literally right there I
started driving her car to pick up the
mail but on yeah I'm on my way right now
to go see Jackie before she works for a
little because I still got some time
before Devin Booker
thank you man oh shit I gotta say thank
you thank you man I appreciate it
yeah I'm gonna go see Jackie just for
like five minutes I don't know maybe
less just before she works guys look I'm
making her cover her name to get cover
it because then maybe cuz people are
crazy enough if you guys come here it's
fine just stole like no good they're
gonna pull a road I'll get in trouble
they're gonna pull the rug they're gonna
be like this and we can't have that
happening listen we stare at my ass yeah
I don't stare
guys look I'm gonna pull a rug by the
Suns needed whoops the sun's need a new
head coach so uh Drizzy Drake this
offseason if you're free uh you know
Suns new head coach so I love you so
much marry me marry me Devin Booker I
fucking love you oh I appreciate it guys
my cousin Chanel you guys know her look
what I'm buying for Jackie holy crap
this is huge with some roses that badass
caterpillar what did I buy for Jackie
God Ashish it's a human centipede and
some carryout service from my beautiful
cousin thank you man I appreciate it
guys this thing is taller than Tyson
Chandler I swear Bosley what's that
that's that Bosley go get it yeah mom
move it way mom let him let him see I
want to record him guys oh my god oh my
god look at this just look this is a
stiched Eric Bledsoe Phoenix Suns
sleeved Jersey look okay oh look so my
freakin girlfriend just got this for me
I wake up to this in the garage happy
Valentine's Day okay yeah a bunch of
candy and like a No
which I can't read because it's r-rated
a picture and then at the bottom of
though it said hope you like your shirt
I just thought there was candy I I look
at the bottom of the thing it looked a
still has a tag on I just opened it
right
I look at the bottom think a fucking air
bledsoe stitched official Jersey from
NBA store.com holy shit I can't even God
I'm the biggest a little fan in the
world he's my favorite player on the
Suns I didn't even have a jersey of him
now I get this alternate sleeve Jersey
that just came out last year
stitched mom how happy was i god I was
literally gonna cry imagine when I do
when I do P o box openings and I get
like a Phoenix Suns keychain or
basketball card I literally cry I almost
cry this is a stitched Eric Bledsoe my
favorite player I didn't even have
anything of his I didn't have any look
I'm already starting to do this already
but ya guys oh my god I can't thank my
girlfriend enough like you can tell what
I'm genuinely happy and honestly like I
came and believe this I saw it I wish my
mom got my reaction I was literally in
shock like a feat of Phoenix Suns Jersey
of Eric Bledsoe my favorite player this
is the greatest Valentine's gift ever I
swear like the balloons I'm just joking
guys the jersey is freaking oh my god I
actually can't believe it I was not
expecting this look it it's stitched
like this is crazy guys happy
Valentine's Day to everybody and like
honestly I don't think I'm ever going to
take this off I actually can't believe
that I never had an eric bledsoe Jersey
and you guys know how much I love him so
this is actually crazy
