got this what is going on guys Brandon
here aka bruh wadis and today on you a
rare episode of the broadest NBA show um
I'm not giving you like news I'm not
giving you like a report instead I'm
giving you an opinionated piece it's
gonna be my opinion on redrafting the
2015 NBA draft just the top 10 picks um
so I've been wanting to do this for a
while but I wanted more time to pass
because you can't uh and even now it's
still too early to redraft the draft
because you usually gotta wait a few
years to see how a rookie is gonna be
but um I just wanted to do kind of early
you know we're at the all-star break and
I think we've seen enough from these
rookies to at least have an idea of what
they're gonna be like in the future I
kind of have an idea now that mario
hezonia the fifth pick in the draft
maybe shouldn't have gone that high and
you kind of have an idea for someone
like Bobby Portis who went in the 20s to
uh you know he maybe should have been
drafted higher so to start off on the
start off with the number one pick which
remains the same you know even if we did
the draft today knowing what we know now
I think karl-anthony towns still goes
number one I was this this close to
putting porzingis at first only because
um in this three draft I'm not only
redrafting based on what I've seen so
far I'm also banking on potential so uh
you know porzingis had his ceiling is
fucking a sick a 12-story house right
now that's where his ceiling is
karl-anthony towns still has a high
ceiling but I was so tempted opposing
his first but karl-anthony towns are you
kidding me like this dude is he wasn't
supposed to be polished or NBA ready
this dude was supposed to be raw and
he's coming in and putting up these
fucking numbers like he's mobile-first
hot he got the three point jumper down
he that wasn't supposed to be a part of
his game sure we knew he could stretch
out to the free-throw line maybe a
little further but this he's shooting
threes he's putting up 30 point games
double doubles uh I mean you redraft
today you still take karl-anthony towns
first no matter what he's uh he looks
honestly
right now at 19 20 years old I'm not
sure how old he is you could put them in
the same class as Anthony Davis and
DeMarcus Cousins the dude is going to be
great future all-star superstar
karl-anthony towns goes first again at
number two if the Los Angeles Lakers had
this choice again I think they take
kristaps porzingis uh who currently
plays for the New York Knicks this dude
is a monster I mean if you look at stats
because there's a lot of salikus who
don't actually watch the games they just
look at stats you look and you're gonna
be like whoa I was pressing a second but
man if you watch and play this dude is
he can shoot from anywhere on the court
I mean he's not gonna pull up like Steph
Curry but he can shoot the three he
could take it to the rack
he could play Grady this motherfucker is
seven foot three and he's stretching out
guarding small forward come forwards and
like I said in this redraft you don't
only look at how they played this year
I'm banking on potential too and Chris
Hobbs porzingis has he is the Ross
rookie in this draft class he wasn't
expected to get many minutes and what
you see from him this year was supposed
to be his all-time low he's only
supposed to be getting better each and
every year and he's I what I say about
porzingis it won't be enough you guys
got to watch him play to understand what
I'm talking about this dude is gonna be
special
I put karl-anthony towns first but
honestly you can flip fault these two
pigs and I'm not sure anyone would have
a problem with it uh New York is I'm
sure ecstatic that they got posting this
out four and uh I think the crying dude
from the draft who was crying when they
took porzingis those might be tears of
joy now honestly at number three and uh
I'm expecting the hate for this one I
know you guys are gonna call me biased
you guys are gonna call me an idiot I
don't care you could leave that in the
comments below
devin booker the third pick in the 2015
NBA redraft would be Devin Booker and
here's why you know I'm gonna get a
bunch of hey dude how'd you take him
over Okafor how'd you take him over a
DeAndre Russell let me tell you why
porzingis Devin Booker was supposed to
show close to nothing this year he was
supposed to be more of a future player
you know someone who like develops
really slow and you know you'll see he
starts getting good at age like 22 or 23
he had a high scene
and he was pretty wrong he's coming in
in the month of January he led all
rookies in scoring you know over Okafor
over porzingis over karl-anthony towns
he led all rookies in scoring um
this dude is built to play shooting on
he's six six about he's 200 something
pounds he's great size for a shooting
guard and did I mention he's not only
the youngest player in the draft class
he's a youngest player in the whole
entire NBA so what you see from him now
it's not even close to what he's gonna
be at in like two or three years um like
I said if you're a stat look or you're
gonna be like oh he only averages ten
points a game you do realize that the
first two months of the season he was
only playing like five minutes a game
it's finally getting a chance to shine
like I said he's a true shooting guard
those are hard to come by in this year
and all I ask if you guys are gonna hate
before you hate don't go to espn.com and
look at the set watch the games Devin
Booker he's putting up numbers he's
improved his defense his three-point
shots as pure as klay Thompson he's I
mean and like I said he was supposed to
be he's the youngest player in the NBA
so uh he was supposed to be nothing to
see you're supposed to get better in a
few years and he's already showcasing
this right now so on that's crazy at
number four the New York Knicks select
Myles Turner who plays for the Pacers
right now um this dude he's a he's a
three-point stretch he's a stretch five
you hear stretch four you know someone
who's like 610 611 you can stretch the
floor this due to the center he could
play power forward too but he's a center
he could stretch out and shoot the three
but not just that he's a rim protector
so uh you know you got rim protectors
like a DeAndre Jordan Dwight Howard and
then you got a stretch for is like Dirk
like Chris Bosh but this is like you
combine them you got a rim protector and
a 3-point shooter and he's really mobile
for his height he's seven feet tall and
he can run up and down the court this
was really tough taking him over Okafor
and honestly if you poke afar for I have
no problem with that but for now I'll
take Myles turn around for at number
five the Orlando Magic still like to
else but Jalil Okafor this dude you know
I'm gonna get hate putting him out
five one he's he's one of the best
rookies right now it's not the second or
third best rookie but remember what I
said in this redraft I'm banking on
potential and jahlil okafor came in as
the most NBA ready rookie he had the
most NBA ready body and his ceiling was
lower than others you know he was
supposed to come in and dominate right
away you know he's averaging 17 points a
game but that's what you expected of him
you expected Townes porzingis Booker you
expected them to kind of struggle in the
beginning and then find their flow in a
couple years but Okafor especially going
to Philly where he was gonna get the
ball a ton you expected him to be this
good you know so on
like I said the three drafts I'm banking
on potential and if you're banking on
potential Okafor ceiling is a little
lower than the other players but at the
same time getting Okafor on five is a
complete steal this dude is averaging 17
a game
he's shooting close to 50% from the
field he just had a game the other day
where he got 17 rebounds and I
understand when you play karl-anthony
towns he dominated him I think towns
scored less than 10 points while oak
first scored over 20
I'm not overlooking that but like I said
we're looking at potential we're looking
at who has a higher ceiling and Okafor
although he's great right now I don't
think he's gonna grow much he's gonna
he's obviously not gonna be what he is
his rookie year in a few years he's
obviously gonna get better but I think
the improvement we're gonna see from
Townes porzingis booker isn't gonna be a
or it's gonna be more drastic than what
you see from oklahoma first game he's a
he's an old-school post player and you
don't get many of those you you get bigs
who fall in love with shooting the three
Okafor the traditional post player um at
six through ten I got my players and I'm
not sure which order you want to take
them in perfectly I don't think it
matters uh here are my next five if the
redress happened in no order D'Angelo
Russell justice Winslow
Stanley Johnson Bobby Portis and
Emmanuel mudiay it was tough choosing
between mudiay or Willie cauley-stein
but I think cauley-stein just fell into
a perfect situation in Sacramento where
they don't need him to score they just
need him to run the floor in block shots
play D and I got maybe 99.999% of my
subscribers are Laker fan so I'm a dude
have you watched the angel Russell play
he doesn't even get minutes he comes off
the bed
bah-bah guys rustle you guys are gonna
think I'm hating cuz I put him in the 6
to 10 range no Russell is gonna be a
great player he showcased that many
times and I understand he's coming off
the bench now but you realize he's
averaging almost 28 minutes a game which
is you know right up there with all the
other rookies and he started the
majority of the season he just started
coming off the bench adds up like two
months ago uh and like I said this draft
class is stacked this class is filled
with future all-stars future superstars
and uh Deandra Russell could be right up
there you know having him at 6 to 10
isn't bad but for someone who went
number 2 you expected a little more I
think he's averaging 12 3 and 3 right
now um but no he's picked it up recently
I think he had that game against
Sacramento we did the little hotline
bling' he copied Devin Booker by the way
but no DeAngelo Russell is improving um
I mean yeah here so that's my redraft I
think the most hey um I guess from
putting Booker 3rd and for putting
Okafor to low at 5 but like I said you
got to understand the concept of ceiling
and floor and potential and ceiling is
huge in drafts why do you think players
like porzingis get taken as high as 4
because of their ceiling so uh repeat
one last time Karl Anthony towns Kris
stop spreading this Devin Booker Myles
Turner and Okafor would be the top 5 and
then 6 through 10 in no particular order
Emmanuel mudiay DeAngelo Russell Bobby
Portis who's he needs to get more
minutes uh like Devin Booker he wasn't
playing much and then Booker started
getting more minutes and he showed what
he has Bobby Portis same situation you
got to give him more minutes but I
understand the booth how the stats from
court um Stanley Johnson and justice
Winslow uh that would be my redraft
right now I want to see what your
redraft would look like so in the
comments below let me know what you guys
think you know which rookies would you
have in the top 5 which opens with your
have in the top 10 just how how would
you draft the 2015 draft class if you
knew what you knew today oh and one last
thing I've actually started about
thinking a set starting a second channel
called the bravados NBA show rather than
putting them on my main channel I want
to know what you guys think you know I
don't expect to get that many
because not many people that watch me
are NBA fans they mostly watch from my
vlogs and challenges but who am I gonna
cheat pulling up my sleeves but let me
know what you think about the idea of
starting a second channel called the
bravados NBA show where I'd be uploading
videos like this and it would be more
often maybe two or three times a week
anyways today's a rising stars challenge
and that is in four hours it's time to
watch Devin Booker dominate that game
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video
bruh wadis I'm out love you guys bro
watch Quan
