I got this so so we're gonna wrap up so
to wrap up right so we're gonna wrap up
you want to look at Jackie's ass huh you
want to look at my girlfriend's put
caught on camera just like this yeah you
do the outro with me oddly don't wander
that oddly don't know
no Bosley you don't deserve the
punishment maybe he'll wake up from this
maybe you'll also learn a lesson from
this not to look at my girlfriend's ass
let me watch it one more time to get
myself worked up again say no more
you stare at the ass you get bit in the
ass you didn't what the fuck are you
actually doing stop huh
don't let me catch you slippin Bosley
that was a warning for you okay
hey Bosley you want to go outside you
want to go outside come on let's go okay
don't cry I'm taking you out so you can
go do your business you're peeing and
you're pooping outside come on let's go
okay Bosley he's literally a slinky a
slinky loaf of bread croissant dog
although why don't you take a poop right
there right over there no but really I'm
about to go play some basketball at the
gym I'm gonna be there for a while
guys it honestly feels so good right now
it's like 70 I'd say like like 70 75
degrees right now around 10:00 11:00 in
the morning Wednesday no school so I'm a
harass my body at the gym I'm gonna go
all out and knock myself out just got
back from McDonald's and I got me a Egg
McMuffin
sike my mom actually made this guys look
it looks so delicious I'm about to go
play lunchtime basketball 11 o'clock so
I got you know I got a few minutes to
eat that because you know the fact that
it's almost 11 o'clock and I'm still not
done editing my vlog I was going to take
a break from lunchtime basketball today
you know I'm just gonna finish maybe go
lift in a few hours then I got the text
from a few of my friends namely Ollie
Romel which is his cousin I play with
him all the time too and you know I get
the text and I'm just like how am I
going to turn it down so now I'm rushing
rushing rushing to edit my vlog I'm
rushing to eat I'm gonna keep those just
in case another incident happens between
rug and you know but uh so yeah and I
also got to put my socks and shoes on
and I head out to the gym really quick
guys I'm bout to throw on my double
socks holy shit it's such a struggle
putting on two songs because just watch
it's so hard
got your elite socks
in need of new basketball shoes but I'm
really picky they've got a somewhat
represent the Phoenix Suns you know they
gotta be orange and purple and also I
only wear high tops for ankle support I
don't want to be spreading ankles and
there's a higher chance your swing ankle
and low tops and also I've only ever
owned LeBrons I mean I'm not saying they
have to be LeBrons but I love playing in
LeBrons I don't buy any Kobe's I don't
like cady's i like lebron so I'm really
picky with my shoes it's hard to find
the right one my basketball shoes I
should say guys I think I should just
play like this crossing people up Oh
step back poop for three Thank You Man
appreciate a first for the sandwich for
the Egg McMuffin it's Bosley's turn for
Mom only gave it to him if he says Thank
You Man I appreciate it
Bosley guys I'm such a whore when it
comes to basketball like it's so easy to
tempt me with basketball like you know
ever since last night ever since this
morning my whole mindset was I'm not
gonna play lunch time back so I'm gonna
edit my vlog you know take my time and
uh go after they're done playing so I
can work out you know I've been losing
too much weight when I'm trying to gain
weight I've been losing some muscle
because I've been doing too much
basketball you know it's too much
running too much cardio right when I
wake up I see a text for my friends I
reply okay I'll be there blah blah like
it's so easy it's too tempting to play
basketball and I hate it because I'm
trying to put on less I'm trying to put
on weight and I don't eat as much as
you're supposed to like when you're
trying to build muscle so the fact that
I'm playing so much basketball is just a
killer like it - I don't know I don't
care cuz I love basketball 3:30 p.m. I
just got back from the gym fucking
four-and-a-half hour gym day I played
ball for like three hours lifted for an
hour and a half
my body so dead I'm definitely not going
back at night at Brandon night my mom
just got home
she needs help taking stuff out from the
trunk and you know what a good son bro
Wallace is about a helpless mom guys my
mom just dyed her hair purple for the
sons mom go back in the Sun we can't see
it get it I said you did it for the sons
guys look purple hair you can tell
better in real life than the camera or
maybe it's just dark here and you can
tell better once it's uploaded by Oh
Mike and Ash Wednesday cross what's the
UH for sinners for Jesus Christ for
forgiveness that's what I meant yeah the
hair looks nice okay Tunde
okay the stuff out - all we have here
ooh
Chips Ahoy pop-tarts froot chips
tangerine sugar and mom did you buy more
white shorts from Kohl's
okay pineapple to make my you-know-what
taste better I need to go eat some right
now the Phoenix Suns face off against
the Golden State Warriors tonight this
is the game of the year okay like ever
since the schedule came out you know
people have this game circled on the
calendar uh I'm not sure why it's not
nationally televised but this is the
game of the year with big big time
implications playoff implications for
the Suns you know I can't wait for this
game should be a close one should go
down to the wire so uh Suns and warriors
and if you couldn't tell I was just
bullshitting the whole thing the Suns
are gonna get smashed they're gonna get
killed but I don't know why I'm gonna
still watch the game I don't know who
took the tools out of the bag I wasn't
done with Brian no that was just a scare
I didn't finish the business I had
started I'm serious I have to end it mom
you know what he did you get to Brian
I have to get to me first mom okay but
you didn't commit the crime that Brian
did he mom he committed a sin a crime a
felony he should be in jail and I'm
going to end it if if it takes the last
of me to do it I'm gonna guys I'm gonna
have to restock the tools for later
tonight
it wouldn't feel right ending his life
in the morning so uh I'm gonna wait till
he's you know kind of hazed al and tired
and we'll see what I could do later
tonight guys I drank this pre-workout
out the gym and look at my my hand I'm
not doing this on purpose look no it's
because it's so much because it's so
much caffeine and sugar that's all look
like I'm literally shaking no it's a
pre-workout it's like mom imagine that
energy drink like all compressed into
like a speech shot it's so bad but I
only take it when I play too much
basketball and I get so tired I came and
workout so I take that and honestly it's
crazy guys look we're buzzer rests his
head on top of the Bosley what are you
doing anyways guys if you missed in my
last vlog I mentioned how Valentine's
Day me and Jackie are going to be our
Universal Studios Hollywood we're gonna
be in LA all day so for all my
subscribers in LA or near LA if you
happen to be there or if you go there to
meet up then we're obviously down to
meet up take pictures hang out for a
little just know we're gonna be there
Valentine's suns and warriors game
tonight what's your prediction dad I say
Suns 108 warriors 64108 64 yeah now is
gonna be close game no it's not yes no
guys tonight is the night mine and my
dad's relationship ends yeah maybe if
curry Thompson Bogut and Iguodala are
all out no not just in the fourth if
they're all injured then we'll only lose
by 13 hey why didn't my dad do the Ash
Wednesday
yeah dad they would have to put you a
huge cross for that forehead she went to
church why are you laughing oh my god is
laughing at my mom I can't do it I'm not
eligible to do it
that's not even God's s plus-1 mom my
dad is literally more addicted to family
feud than I am to a-sine hear what he
said my dad hates when someone talks
during the question ah
dad you he repeated the question 300
times they said okay what is it
call me names something blah blah Dee
Bloo we're gonna say gram of wheat wheat
you mean weed not wheat stupid my dad
just won $20,000 Oh dad you should go on
family feud yeah okay guys rugs out the
house now oh let's see
maybe put these you know maybe put these
like this
oh yeah he won't see this one hiding
maybe he'll lay right on top when he
comes back home hide this one better
maybe he puts his head down there
I don't know who can't wait to watch
this game Suns and warriors guys imagine
the sun's actually win Yeah right
honestly the Suns are gonna get killed
and I know someone's gonna comment dude
have some positivity have some faith in
your team but honestly have you seen
them play this season oh my gosh because
I have and let me tell you actually no
because you don't want me to tell you
cuz I would go on in this vlog would be
three hours long guys so you know I'm
here watching the Suns game and uh I'm
trying to think of ways to kill rug when
he comes back home he might have an idea
that I'm planning to kill him maybe my
mom told him because he hasn't been home
in hours but uh you know I wanna if I'm
gonna kill him for looking at Jackie's
butt I might as well do a unique way so
I'm gonna have a little bit of fun with
this hold on right
whatta fuck oh fuck in this hat we drop
four choices those four choices are
pillow choke you know you put the pillow
on top of his head and you hold it down
hard the second one was the second was
electric chair I'm sure you guys all
know what that is it's a very harsh form
of death the third one was on well the
third one was guillotine if you guys
don't know what guillotine is I have it
right here in case you guys don't know
you know where you get a good picture
imagine rug right there one of those and
the fourth one was poison shot you know
right in the vein but that's a like not
really a painful death so with the
poison shot it says plus gunshot so that
one if he picks that one then you get
the poison shot plus a done shot
probably to the foot or knee so both of
those
probably half the amount of pain you
know I'm a firm believer of an eye for
an eye and a tooth for a tooth you you
get what you deserve so now we wait for
rug to come back home and we let him
draw from this hat guys look
the real clay Thompson against future
klay Thompson Devin Booker future clay
oh my god how did that come out check
this one out guys so of everything
Markieff Morris has done this season you
know fucking quit on the team not talk
to his teammates demand trades throw a
fucking towel at the head coach nothing
has been like this watch.watch to his
own fucking teammate are you kidding me
look at that he literally choked he
shoved by the neck Archie dude Markieff
get the fuck off I'm so fed up I fucking
hate Markieff Morris honestly get the
fuck out of Phoenix I can't wait those
asses traded piece of shit he didn't he
doesn't even deserve to play for the NBA
F I'm fucking done with him while it's
Phoenix Suns halftime you know I'm
watching my boy Isiah Thomas I love
watching Isiah play just gotta Shh
sharpen my nails for when rug comes you
know maybe stab him in the stomach with
my nails if they're sharp enough I don't
know but you know I mean you got to
teach rug a lesson I'm not showing me
time to have to say that today but
guys so we're here with the man himself
come here come here
were handcuffed guys dumbass put gum a
little down guys at least uh before I
kill him he has the cross on his head he
just came back from church so he had the
higher chance of going to heaven before
his death but uh anyways it colorful
actually - like that's really sure we
mean careful Hey he's actually going to
hell so we have a hat here they already
know the choices okay and if you want to
pick two or one obviously one I'm gonna
die either way
just in case sometimes we mess up with
the death all open it will show the
camera I'm just okay I want to pray
before I go die guillotine what's
guillotine kita Headley is that the head
thing yeah guys unfortunately the place
where I'm gonna take him doesn't allow
cameras so um I could still make vlogs
and YouTube videos without a head right
yeah like when you chop a lizard's head
off that's gonna be you so uh I just
want to ask you like what were you
thinking looking at my girlfriend's hey
can I just one blame him explain okay um
like him a little bit very so listen so
I did the outro I'll do the outro the
jano turned around and I turned around
with her cuz like she went that way then
this is exactly what she did she did
this like she don't do that okay yeah
you didn't do that but look she like
jumped up and like something jingled and
like I just like check like what it was
like I did
oh so you didn't know that when you
turned around right here that you would
you're I gonna face that way go slow
okay come what happen again it won't
happen in displeased oh yeah will happen
again your head is gonna be fucking
chopped off you don't wanna have eyes to
look anymore so from doing YouTube for
the past you know almost a year I've
noticed that some of my subscribers take
everything so seriously and take
so literal so I can't we back to
actually explain myself but if you
didn't know this whole video was a shut
up this whole video was a joke come
gotcha zone all video with a joke I
don't actually hate my brother he looked
at my girl's ass just like I'm sure the
whole entire world looks at my girls
that's wherever she goes and I'm 99%
sure you guys only watch my vlogs to
hope that my girl's ass is in it and I
have 250,000 subscribers I'm sure if it
wasn't for her I don't have 200 and
1,500 so just 2015 subscribers so uh not
a fault my brother if it does happen
again I will actually kill him but old
videos a fucking joke do I want to kill
him yes am I actually gonna kill no am I
actually mad no I don't care the sons
are getting smashed by the Warriors
market Moore's just show gosh you're
getting on the fucking bang yeah crazy
and uh and uh yeah it's pretty much it's
pretty much it
how was the view though now that we're
cool hey I'm kidding okay no but yeah
pretty much it okay guys we're out of
here
I like that we got to take a selfie with
the design it's not a design in to cross
a show some respect
oh shit I'm gonna hell yeah am I
supposed okey are you cutting that up uh
no but I'll probably have to go to
church to get the ash myself yeah okay
guys see you next time I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog bruh wat squad be sure
to check my youtube channel oh no I'm
not putting in the description you don't
deserve all the subs you would get from
me and that's crazy
bye guys I find it sad how much Bosley
hates me we're home alone so I tried to
trap him in my room to get him to like
me he's literally been sitting like that
by the door so I can let him out for
literally 20 minutes Bosley why what did
I do to you watch like a happies and
again when I open it Bosley honestly
what the hell did I do to you you're my
dog I got you for my 18th birthday two
and a half hour drive just to get you I
picked you out Bosley like we're closer
than a mother and son are and you treat
me like this I literally
have to trap you in my room today you
like me and you still don't want to stay
what a fake friendship are you kidding
me Bosley guys now this is just
ridiculous there's nobody in the house
it's just me and Bosley is not a lonely
dog he loves being with someone at all
times what are you looking at Bosley and
and he literally is choosing to sit
outside in the loft by himself then to
fucking come in my room Bosley come on
we got to rekindle this friendship
remember when you were a puppy we were
like this come on let's go in my room
let's go in my room
Bosley no let's go in my room come on
yeah let's go in my room let's go No
Bosley look come on let's go in my room
okay Bosley you see this take it shove
it up your ass
take it out shove it up your fucking
mouth and go to sleep because you're not
coming in my room anymore and I still
love you though for cheese on paper for
piece of cheese on our four kinds of
cheese that's good I love waffle I
literally have to watch this video every
single night before I sleep anyways I'm
enjoying this episode of angry grandpa
as if I haven't seen a million times
already and edit my vlog and go to sleep
so goodnight for watch quad and I hope
you enjoyed today's video
