I got this I'll show you the time up
here almost 7 a.m. and I'm about to
finish editing this video of me and rug
um if I sound dead and look dead because
I am I went to sleep at 3 in the morning
I fell asleep editing my vlog and I just
woke up to finish because I have class
today um I have to be up in an hour to
get ready for school yeah so today
Tuesday I do have class so no lunch time
basketball I'm soo this keeps my streak
alive I'm on a 17 day upload streak
after this video all for you guys um I
woke I went to sleep around 2 or 3 I
woke up at 5 and I just finished editing
the video so now I got about 1 hour to
go back to sleep
look at that focus 7 o'clock so I gotta
be up at 8 and uh guys honestly I'm
barely gonna remember recording this
because I'm like half asleep right now
but I just want to show you guys finish
editing my vlog and now time to go back
to sleep for one more hours so goodnight
robot squad
one hour we all know how that turned out
God holy shit I literally just woke up
my voice terrible but anyways as you see
I woke up already too late so now it's
time to shower shade and get ready for
school guys if you're wondering why I
was up so late editing my video last
night look that's because I had like a
little I know we have to attach a selfie
to our assignment I don't know why but I
had a little like 500 word paper to
write for us
BIOS due today so I got that done before
I did my editing can't forget this
because I have another quiz today so I
found out that my quizzes are every
single Saturday I mean not Saturday
every single Tuesday every Tuesday I'm
going to have a quiz for bio so on just
like I had on last week I got 8 out of
10 so 80% your boy got 5 3 80% not bad
so um I have another quiz today honestly
I didn't study much due to my editing
and my other assignment so I got a
setting more when I get to school
good what the hell just look so imagine
me at school tomorrow I'm gonna wear
shorts are you gonna wear shorts hell no
guys honestly my answer changed because
the weather in San Diego changed so on
we had a couple months of like cold you
know cold for us I know it's not cold to
other people and sort of windy weather
and all of a sudden since my brother
decided to wax my leg the weather got
hot look last night I slept with my
window cracks for the first time in
months it's been months since I've been
able to crack my window so now I gotta
wear short um I got to decide which
shirt to match with these shorts also I
need to make a did chick-fil-a breakfast
so I need to hurry up to change
oh wait I gotta put some deodorant
Cologne first my earrings maybe
my gosh don't cheat when you can't find
the fucking hole so you just poke
yourself a new one there just poke
yourself a new ball when you can't find
the first one we all good up in here
well change my mind with everything from
the earrings to the shirt I want black
earrings a black shirt I also want to
wear khakis I want to wear shorts
anymore I'm still recovering from this
tragic event like when you get a tattoo
when they put that cooling thing my mom
and dad are gonna kill me but I kinda
want another tattoo okay
and now time to make chick-fil-a
breakfast I need to make you flavor
because I love it guys why does this
print to make it look like I've makeup
on look looks like lipstick eyeliner
fucking whatever the hell you put on
your face girls okay there you have
simple black and gold shirt mostly black
with a gold watch some black studs
khakis janowski's and we're ready to go
um well yeah here's the secret no knows
about my watch the shit doesn't even
work thing doesn't even move I just have
it for style now but anyways it's time
to go get chick-fil-a breakfast yes I
bring my laptop to school because I have
the eat oh shit almost forgot lotion
like I have my textbooks on my laptop
guys I keep saying how I have to hurry
up in a chick-fil-a breakfast
it's 10:20 that ends at 10:30 okay I'm
I'm not I keep forgetting to mention I
have class at 11:00 I'm worried about
missing chick-fil-a breakfast I'm not a
fucking miss my class I need to hurry up
guys I'm always in a rush
can't forget the water two waters oh my
god guys I love water you'll never catch
me drinking soda never Gatorade maybe
barely like once a week but I'm mostly
drink water because every other thing
makes my face break out and I'd rather
stay away from that water clears my face
and water just tastes so good I know I
can see all the comments already water
doesn't have a taste okay bitch you guys
know what I met it water just whatever
I'm gonna say it water tastes so good
goodbye I had time to leave my house
around 10:00 10:00 or 10:15 it's 10:23
holy shit it's so hot but when I talk in
the car the camera picks up the audio
from outside so I can't roll down my
windows I have to roll them up fucking
75 degrees already
but in my cars like 100 but then yeah
like I said I got a quiz today that
honestly I haven't really study for so I
got a study before my class and you know
the word screwed like SCR aw Edie if you
look that up in the definite in the
dictionary you're going to find a
picture of me I don't know if there's a
fucking go go I have places to be oh
shit go go sorry don't look at me like
that next time though um
so oh yeah I got like a little funny
thing to tell you guys so I used to have
braces I'm not sure if you guys know
whatever yeah okay so I have just like
everyone who has braces previously fuck
I'm turning on my ACL here just like
everyone got braces before I had
retainers and you know I try to wear
them every single night like maybe I
missed a day here and there for some
reason I forgot to wear my retainers for
the past like three or four days you
follow me on Twitter I was tweeting
about it yesterday so like I had braces
for two and a half years two and a half
years of braces okay I've been wearing
my retainers
every single day for the past year three
days maybe for three-four days I didn't
wear them I tried to put them shits in
yesterday holy crap it was so tight like
it barely fit on my teeth and like they
were just so tight and I was like what
the fuck like this shit hurts so like I
kept them in and I guess they just have
to adjust but how do teeth move so fast
guys I'm a man guys I guess I attract
when I'm talking to you so easily got
any water there you know I got
sidetracked again if this car for me
doesn't go and fucking so yeah moral of
the story if you have retainers wear
them every night people were tweeting
back to me saying dude I haven't warm on
in like two weeks or a month fucking
good luck to you guys because yes thank
God the car went right right when you
put them in you guys are in for a treat
but uh yeah anyways I got like two
minutes to make it to chick-fil-a so uh
I gotta go
and then I obviously have to make it to
class I can't talk about chick-fil-a
chick-fil-a this chick-fil-a that you
can play fuckin up my ass and now I'm
barely gonna make it to class on time
guys I open my windows
and I thought my selfies flew out the
window and it turns out they're right
there bullshit I got so scared I open
the window and like I see some papers
moving I was like oh shit my selfies but
um yeah we're about to get to
chick-fil-a what time is it 10 27 3
minutes before the breakfast ends I bet
you guys they hate me but that means you
have to be extra nice at the speaker
watch I'll show you guys when you
interrupt something like this you know
go really late when they're about to end
something you just got to make it up by
being such a nice kid
such a nice gentleman with a lot of
manners at the speaker watch I'll show
you guys how it's done and then they
won't spit in your food please no line
please no line please no line oh shit oh
shit no wow the one time there's a
fucking line is when I'm in a big rush
Oh later car go Hummer go go go actually
I'm a look at this one guys
look how I got punished so that car
finished before the fucking car just
went behind are you fucking kidding me
should I reverse and go to that one Wow
another car just went in from wow I'm so
dramatic about everything Oh 10:30 right
now so they might spend my food bottle
no because I was pretty nice out the
window boy oh Sh oh my god
or you shake anyone it's only like 9
it's like oh my god it's like seven days
old guys oh my gosh I kind of want to
add an Oreo shake out the window but I
was just telling guys how I only drink
Walden I don't like to drink like all
these sugar drinks because it makes my
face break out but oh my gosh an Oreo
shake sounds so good this is a
life-changing decision
I'm honestly
I don't know I have like I mean would
you hurry up I have class for the love
of God you guys are all fucking think
you have it easy in life is over hearing
some fucking chick-fil-a breakfast and
I'm a kid in college
god I watch too much anger grandpa I'm
picking up his habits go go go there is
empty space right there car don't make
me honk my fucking horn
there you go just got to give them a
little check on the bumper guys so I did
add a drink out the window
but it wasn't oil shake was actually a
cup of water so now I have for my school
that I have two water bottles and a joke
shit and a chick-fil-a fucking cup of
water but now it's time to eat my food
guys I don't have time to go back home
so look I'm gonna eat it okay gotta set
it up one-one chick-fil-a sauce you
bastard chick-fil-a just gotta set it up
on top of your car put the trash in the
car
is my car the trash can
nobody saw that the hell juice oh my god
my chicken follow my car oh well
three-second rule for me is like a 10
second rule
god it's gotta be over 80 degrees right
now I don't care
I'm taking my sweet-ass time like I got
nothing to fucking do
it's just class guys I just finish
eating my chick-fil-a but instead of
going to school right now I'm going to
Vaughn's because you want to buy myself
a sandwich for my one-hour break I have
a one-hour break
shut the fuck up airplane trying to vlog
in between my classes I have this
one-hour break and I think I'm gonna
hungry so imma get me a sandwich from
Vaughn's probably get a jacket like a
salad or something she thinks she needs
to go on a diet how oh well you know how
girls are so yeah I'm gonna go to
Vaughn's right now are you kidding me
why does all this shit happen when I'm
in a rush guys this is the gym I should
go to if I really want to put on muscle
because there's no basketball court so I
come here to work out and I wouldn't be
tempted to play ball load my backpack
you got to load your ammo for the school
day you got one water bottle here one
here okay so you got double water akimbo
water bottles then
you got your chick-fil-a water in the
hand to let people know you just got
back from chick-fil-a then you got to
put the salad and sandwich in the
backpack even though it'll probably get
warm it's all good
and now we go to class you forget the
cost job
you guys I'm studying right now it's
honestly how hot is it babe it might be
hotter than me bub I was gonna say it's
probably so hot because I'm sitting next
to you but you called yourself hot so I
take it back you know what I'm surprised
nobody said anything about my dad
driving you guys know that one of them
called you a savage they said you broke
the law on camera she learns from me if
you can get a job for that I'd be in
jail like two years ago yeah but you
know remember red lighting listen my
name is not Jackie
her name is blood so no you I might take
the hill on the L and up the hill I
might take the L on miss Evans oh my god
it's so hot why are we sitting outside
let's go inside please guys it's
honestly so hot I'm a walk around school
in my blog series you guys Brandon won't
admit to me that he was a ho before we
started yeah you were just tell me look
you're getting naked in front of
school staff too hot wanted to let me
sharpie no you guys should wait for us
to go back
I know Michael Michael you're here yeah
it's probably tomorrow thank you so I'm
gonna make it a fun of these crawls look
ended I'm over it I'm over you look all
these girls are looking at you say
what's up to the folk you just got
caught okay I'm so trying to act cute
now she's trying to teach my girlfriend
on a selfie okay okay guys just got out
of school and oh I see Jackie right
there we came to wings and things to eat
for after school look
you
ah
guys we're actually going out to eat
like together so today we're officially
not each other size anymore she's
actually my girl guys we always get us
how long we've been dating for and when
people here say trip out people say like
one year two years three years two
months you guys been to mine barely like
two months away yeah okay how about one
we looked at your butt guys we caught
rug yes I'm gonna tell you right
actually hates me which is funny because
you guys are making a really big deal
but I swear he hates me I don't even
know Bryan so alive after the beating I
put on him yesterday okay time to go eat
we're such or such fat asses that we
call the order to go so it can be ready
by the time we get here yeah no puzzle e
puzzles trying to bite your feet look
guys he doesn't even see I haven't seen
him all day look my mom hey Mon long
time no see okay
all day my dad Bosley doesn't even like
on me rug know looking at Jackie's butt
Bosley oh now you want to go okay okay
okay okay well what's up what fozzy out
puzzle you want to
guys the struggle of look Bosley's
scared to get his ear medication for his
ear infection look look he keep yeah you
keep trying to get on the couch nope
Bosley go over there don't get your
medicine how many of water sis does it
take how many who audiences does it take
to put a fat pug is your medication away
look he can yeah he keeps trying to turn
away there we go Bosley good boy what
it's all over my dad's hand yeah put the
whole ball look at its tail mom we gotta
chill yesterday Ryan Bosley don't be mad
we're about to go see another dog mom
were going yeah guys we're about to go
to North County Fair Mall to go play
with hopefully princess but in my
opinion she's not there anymore
Jackie thinks she's still there but I
think that they sold her it's been too
long
Bosley I'm sorry when I come back I'm
gonna be smelling like another dog do
you think princess is still gonna be
there guys this is how you keep your
girlfriend happy when she walks in you
say here's the ox and you let her play
her music am i right guys were over here
Escondido mall actually a lot of my
subscribers live in this area because
whenever I come to the small iPhone
comment saying oMG is that Escondido
mall yes it is guys I haven't been here
like a week and look
they put like a ride in the middle of
the mall guys we ditched the dog source
so we can do this we're next
first we're going to do the haunted
house one
el Diablo means the devil for all my
non-spanish speakers this is scarier
than any light out like your cousin eyes
can't see but like there's a wall like
you guys want it listen this has buttons
for a reason okay so but no no okay then
this year up here then just close it
like this
Hey
are you done
are you gonna fucking but know me I
don't walk around with your dick is
outlook I see it why can't guys believe
this is a dollar like they really tried
rocky I have a dollar
wasted on the belly
I'm driving
yeah
listen what
Oh back home from the mall
Bosley's out without a leash taking a
leak
I got bars time to go to Mars never mind
um you know I woke up at 5:00 in the
morning to finish editing my vlog before
school I Finn it I mean not my vlog my
waxing my leg challenge I finished out
like 6:30 and I went back to sleep
before school guys so I'm ending this
vlog right here really hope bruh watch
wat enjoyed this vlog from mama rug
mama wadis bruh wadis and mama Bosley
hey ooh okay guys so I'm actually
concluding this vlog with some chicken
salad at 9:50 and uh yeah really I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog 18 day upload
streak now mom yeah and in the in the
last 35 days I only missed one day yeah
thanks boy
that's my boy that's my boy Bledsoe
alright guys really quick there's been a
change of plans for Valentine's Day
before I go play that song I wanted to
clear this out so if you watched my
previous vlog me and Jackie said that we
were going to go to UM we're gonna go to
the zoo for Valentine's and you know we
said if you're going to be at the zoo
stop by and say hi
change of plans we are actually going to
Universal Studios Hollywood um yesterday
we were thinking about it we have a zoo
right here in San Diego like 15 20
minutes away if we're gonna be spending
the day in LA which is like a 2 or 3
hour drive you know we're only there for
Valentine's Day we might go do something
that we can't do here so we thought
about it you know Disney or universal
studios and I know we might be stupid
that we picked universe over it's over
Disney but that's where we're gonna be
so we're gonna be at Universal Studios
Hollywood pretty much the whole entire
day on Valentine's if you're gonna be
there uh tweet me Instagram DME you know
try to contact me and we can meet we can
I don't know maybe go on a ride together
go eat I don't know take pictures we
could do whatever just try to contact me
that day we're gonna be in Hollywood and
just in that area in general if you are
in that area you know we'll try to set
something up
uh yeah I can't wait for Valentine's Day
with my beautiful girlfriend we're going
to be at Universal and then obviously
the hotel for the night I'm just joking
but no I'm not joking but I don't know I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and I
hope to see you guys on Valentine's Day
however all my subscribers in the LA
area
