I got this so what is going on you guys
robot is here and I'm with my brother
faze rug what's up guys not sure if you
guys know me as a youtuber just like
myself check out my channel to describe
what a channel description to help him
crawl it yeah I'll let you grow if you
guys want to follow him check is YouTube
out he makes what like gaming vlogs and
pranks thinks what a knowledge is just
any trust me just falling I'm trying to
help him grow this channel so do me a
favor bro wat squad give my brother look
on youtube you know what's trying to
make it big but uh let me explain what
challenge we're doing today so today
we're going to be doing a basketball
challenge and also I already lost know
they know let me tell you what it's not
a one-on-one it's not a strength or
anything it's a straight-shooting
challenge and ask anybody who knows me
and my brother who's a better shooter
yeah I'm a better shooter like like
you're just let me give you guys the
rules first of all we don't give any
excuses around here but I just got back
from the gym from working out hold on
hold on and anybody who lives knows that
when you try to play that's why last
you're lifting weights and I know the
Finns terrible yeah I show the meal Oh
fucking so let me tell you guys the
rules if you guys remember one of my
brother videos I broke our hoop outside
because I tried to go Blake Griffin dunk
and it broke so we can't play over here
we're going to go to the park down the
street they have the basketball court
sad leads double ring double rim shots
come out all the time but we're going to
be taking ten free-throws each and five
three-pointers so total 15 shots as
simple as it could be whoever makes them
more shots wins want to be embarrassed
man I'm gonna be embarrassed no I mean I
haven't played vessel in a long time
actually it's all about confidence I'm
the fucking kick your ass ready are you
kidding I'm not gonna miss one but I'm
gonna kick your anytime you open your
ass
kill you but uh so what's a challenge
without a stake for the losers so the
winner which is going to be Mia is going
to go to Target buy this set of whack
arjun tarjay you buy the set of wax
where you just heat it up a little and
it's literally like a waxing wait leg
where do you want to pubes whose legs on
the bed can I just show you how carry my
Brian look at mine wait that gonna hurt
so Brian no I agreed to this date now
you're agreeing so wait actually that's
not fake yeah so we're about to go to a
point down the street take 15 shots
loser gets fucking waxed oh that's hell
by the winner so uh tune in I'm gonna
hop what you're driving right guys
before we start I want you guys to
comment right now at this point of the
video no cheating I want you guys to
comment right now who your thing is
gonna win um is it gonna be eric bledsoe
myself
or is it gonna be matt bonner right
there no it's not that's yours
guys I know there's gonna be some
dipshit who spoils it and it's gonna get
top comic because everyone thinks it's
funny to ruin the challenge but just
watch this video it should be a fun
video I haven't done a challenge in a
while we're doing this for you guys
getting high Brian gets hype listening
to Bryson tiller
Oh oh hey we got fans right here what's
up guys hey take that shirt off
oh all right God what a coincidence
boy hey Stan if he said son saw dropping
off at the corner I go track this down
to watch the challenge what's your guy's
name Angelo Miko Miko way what's your
name Alan okay hey to see who goes first
rock paper scissors rock paper scissors
no road goes first okay rug is up from
the free-throw line we're gonna find out
after 10 shots if he Steph Curry with
the shot or DeAndre Jordan with the shot
one for three
once one for three
oh ok there's why you don't get mad when
you play basketball because to go all
the way down here just cuz I kick the
fucking ball
the challenge is off what did you feed
him steroids great I'll just show them
the net after the last one guys ok I'm
getting this test I'm hold on Lucy ok
I'm getting one of these tested before I
let him wax my shit
just in case HGH human growth hormone
you
Hey
you
oh my god
oh my god I actually just won oh my god
take this that's the definition of a
choke I'm gonna go home and put a rope
around my neck because that's the
definition of fucking choke what the
fuck if you haven't actually seen me mad
on this channel I'm actually mad right
now
fuck fuck the sport of basketball
I hate basketball I hate hoops I hate
the rim guys not only did I lose the
challenge but I'm the one who have to
buy the waxing strips here they are I
just got back from CBS fucking ten
dollars I'm paying ten dollars on top of
getting money you know what guys I'm I
hate basketball I hate that sport I hate
watching I hate playing it fuck
basketball um
I hit three free-throws all I needed was
one three-point and I couldn't hit that
uh oh well I was laughing at my brother
for going for 4:15 so I actually deserve
this
he'll never rematch if we ever rematch
outwit no I'm not going to talk I'm done
go home and rugs about to wax a fucking
strip of my leg hair off guys I have so
much like hair there's going to be so
painful
guys we're about to do this fuck Sally
Hansen piece of shit Brian I'm honestly
so scared guys look how much light here
I have this is actually a lot it's like
a number 10 on haircut no but Brian
really know how to do it
wait what the hell does it come with all
this look the wax I don't know Brian
this wrap yeah it comes with like a
finishing oil because of they know how
much it's gonna hurt okay so we're gonna
do it somewhere right here this is the
before just to show you guys will show
you an after
guys it literally says not to use it for
like leg hair and stuff look it says
upper lip chain eyebrows sideburns
it says not for but we're gonna go right
here god okay so I guess you heat the
Sheldon how you heat it do it now we're
gonna get this over with
hey you gotta hate it here I'll heat it
too how do you do I keep slipping for me
how did I lose bun I suck at basketball
and I know establish yourself worse and
how do I peel it here here here I'll put
it on your fucking sure is what to do
with your sticky it is more okay alright
the first fail okay so we're trying it
again literally says to do this to warm
it up I know here just to keep doing it
guys will update you when it's ready
mother fucker
guys what the fuck we have to keep doing
dude time to watch a short tutorial on
how to do this shit oh I'm so scared
so your mind goes like a it's like dried
up this isn't like a you got less enough
hey guys so me and rug are idiots so
we're gonna just do it the old-fashioned
way
okay guys so look oh no it worked no no
I'm kidding
yeah I'll put it on you peel it Brian
hold on which way you do it down or up
down up down up hold on to you from God
are you sure
by the way right I'm so fucking scared
ha ha ha
did I fuck hey really any can a barely
to get off how much came off too many
okay finally do another one no I'll let
you do one more go slowly but surely oh
my god oh no won't you see it go through
fine careful careful
three oh god oh my god oh oh my god this
one got it oh this one gladly I'm sure
that my life son got issues with my life
am I going hahaha no one got you no
one's got you oh my god oh my god wait
wait look at it from here this is so
funny
happy wait I don't want to do three four
fifteen yeah that's actually that should
have been me right for end this video
hope you guys enjoy hope you guys
enjoyed home odd squad
peace out
they know this shit her I don't know
what this is to put it on there Wow okay
what the fuck wow that looked like air
first
that look like it is so badly oh whoa
okay apparently this wasn't enough for
my mom mom what did you say no tell them
what you said yes this is nothing man up
and do something okay
so I guess I have to do another one
because of my mom
rug eat that shit up
fuck why did I lose just tell me why
hurry hurry well it's so hot would you
put the more sticky board on the damn
coat
Hey three cute oh fuck shoulder me how
are you I want to put that oil shoot on
it
Keaton ponies they whip them oh good
what the hell just look so imagine me at
school tomorrow I can wear shorts
hell no yeah Oh does it feel weird lying
it fucking hurts
Hey Baby Love a dope bar hobby water we
have it on the stove I love
