got this Super Bowl Sunday you already
know what today is
oh sorry what Pugsley kick it Oh
to win the game Bosley go the perfect
hold Bosley get the ball who needs a
Super Bowl that I said in the meantime
might as well just watch some basketball
who needs a Super Bowl when you got NBA
sunday showcase on ABC he in Clippers as
I just got a haircut I don't want to
show to you guys until after I shower
I've told you guys multiple times can't
judge a haircut till you hop out that
porch shower man can't wait for the game
hopefully the bullets are able to bring
the first Super Bowl to San Diego can't
wait I've been honestly waiting for this
for in weeks man like hours ever since I
woke up I don't know I'm hyped oh wait
Chargers aren't playing today I had
forgot I have forgotten that my Chargers
were asked this year actually the third
worst team in the NFL
um and that no they're not playing the
Super Bowl today it's Carolina boys
Denver and really quick everyone's been
asking me who I want guys I just got a
haircut really quick um see I skin the
sideburns and I got like a tool around
the sides and back skin like two and I
kind of left the top long but um I hate
Denver because I'm a Chargers fan
playing the same division and I can't
stand Carolina for the simple fact that
two years ago they had zero fans now
they have a bunch of fans and I hate the
concept of bandwagon fan so I'm not
rooting for anybody I don't care who
wins I just want a good game uh just
just to update the blocks
on how my day's been going I woke up
went to the gym early because I wanted
to watch the Super Bowl and the gym was
packed because obviously that was
everyone's mindset today go to gym early
so we don't have nothing to do later for
the Super Bowl and then I wane got a
haircut obviously and now my dad is he's
gonna barbecue in a little he just made
some chips and guac and he's cooking it
up downstairs so I'm gonna vlog and
Jackie's coming over to watch the game
fuck it was an eyelash in my eye
yeah Jackie's coming over to watch the
game uh yeah
nope they're not playing the Super Bowl
but um yes let's go check out what's
going on downstairs dad dad I got two
questions oh my god no white shorts no
glasses no PJs no white shirts my mom's
a new woman thanks for bringing this so
I can wipe my dirty feet honey OH
so Bosley can shed all over this right
good
let me ask first what's on the menu
Garnett asada
Cardon asada carne asada carne asada Hey
I'm just joking you said it right okay
follow asada toyou know no for you okay
polo I saw it and that's it
what about cheeseburger you can put
cheese on there okay dad I'm hungry now
I guess not anything why not
I'm asking a question yeah I can't do
laksa okay and another question who's
winning the game Denver Denver mom who's
winning the game but who is hold on hold
on hold on
but who is the other team that's playing
I just told you I know okay we have the
burger buns chips uh the condiments for
the burger
we got salsa guacamole guys look how mad
my parents get when I eat directly from
there instead of putting me in a
separate plate lunch
hold on it's gonna spill you have to
pull you some know what you can't you
have to put some of the ayat' because
people are coming like hey LaVon did
look bad
wait who's coming Tarek I'll just eat it
from the bowl I don't need a plate
oh no I'll just eat it from the bowl dad
dad what are you doing Bosley where's my
dad oh and go dad why do you have a
Freddy Krueger hat
my dad is future future Hendricks okay
dad start the grilling yes it is
yes why not oh okay fine make the drinks
you can't drink you're not 21 fine guys
I can't drink not 21
what does Cam Newton do one more gun I
just found out my dad wasn't planning on
starting to grill for another two hours
but I haven't really eaten all day and
it's like three o'clock so I forced him
to make me a burger while I wait making
yes
dad this is all you have to come to the
gym with me here I'll open it watch guys
is what happened how many goats they
came don't give me a knife
why are you gonna make it hard on
yourself okay oh that's quite cool like
this yeah I can't I just work out today
okay dad you ruined it all for the wrong
so yeah guys I'm starving and so my
dad's gonna make one burger really quick
before he makes all the other food in a
couple of hours media Bryan dad you can
just put bronze like this on the bun I'm
serious
pawsley is so long his body's like eight
feet I know
smells good
Bodley get on the grill you're next
yep five more minutes
ha
people who watch this are gonna get so
hungry YUM
twins
yeah first Burger down - yes who do you
have winning today obviously myself she
always wins that's who's winning
Jackie's beating the Broncos and
Panthers she said I was like literally
Steve Urkel like it pull it up ha ha am
I gonna see my what wedgie sexy legs you
like a bright guy fine flag
we hope the charges to the back
dad who's performing Eminem that was
Eminem I guess
dad Rhonda why not put you on the place
my Uncle Tony the definition of a Middle
Eastern the hookah I'm videotaping the
hookah garbanzo beans eyes Denver's up
10 7 right now mom what are you doing
Oh Kyle what do you think of the game so
far charges walk for my girlfriend wood
chips got what question ok what do you
think of the game so far it's a good
game that's it ok so my dad's never
gonna be an NFL analyst why because you
don't say what is the Abel game good
game
guys my camera died before and while my
dad was cooking I charged it so we just
have the end result dad what did you
make you're putting it right now you're
talking
what's a flog we got my girlfriend's
plate cuz this one looks worse than that
one welcome phase drug here right looks
like he had a hard 12-hour shift at work
and he just got well or he'd you like
you just had sex yeah get yourself a man
who could could I show them you look you
didn't cut them yes I did
no you did it you know what you can make
me you can get me this and that's that's
kind pic I'm just joking women oh my
Brennan's crazy yeah stay like that no
seriously this outfit wait hold on
whose ass is that who has a bigger at
same working okay oh wait I use 60 years
old I just want to get you eating the
meat that I got you
I'll give you me nothin those fucking up
guys look this is Brandon when he's mad
at me
this is the position he says can you
please show if I'm not hurt
literally what's the point
with doing it why the fuck would you do
that like what's the point
oh can you take it over with me
yeah all right so we're gonna wrap up
all right should I wrap up the vlog yeah
wrap it up
all right guys we're gonna wrap up the
vlog here and say peace out for walks
lawn mowing
what'd you say bro WADA's no I say
wasn't like a really big able whoa no
that is terrible I don't want to do a
video like having a start in the morning
I wake up make sure I look good enough
to be on camera
which is never and yeah I mean with that
and like this right now you're gonna
wrap up the damn book
okay guys I'm really ending the vlog
right here pick my jacket guys okay me
and Jackie I bought a go get food what
so my girlfriend made me mad so I'm
making her drive to fucking MXN at least
I know they're not gonna spit in our
food because she's Hispanic so I get a
free pass for that look she's already in
the car waiting for me and I can jump
over the garage cuz she didn't have our
she's got my garage opener well here I
go
it's midnight go go go go go go
she learns she learns from the best but
it's midnight and look she has the a/c
on for what pussy I told her go go go
she said no but you're not getting any
of that tonight I like you Wow guys I'm
in the vlog now cuz I'm too depressed
sneak through the middle line and cross
sneak through the middle and pasta this
is driving lessons of his name do you
agree or disagree people are saying that
the prison who gave me my license at the
DMV should be fired yeah
you guys he'll just kills me every
single time and I get obvious hi um the
way that ona order that um carne asada
fries you know what she speak Spanish ah
nasty ass
because so over here there's a worker
that tell-tell told Jackie that she's
beautiful and whatever the fuck he said
watch this is that him Donnie I was so
ready guys I was so ready to soar guys
we're not we're not we're not really
dating honestly Frank no it's not a
prank I just found out that flaw
vlogging is always better when the guy
has a girlfriend so I just hired her to
be my girlfriend um but I don't pay her
I just shot her on Instagram so she gets
more followers and I get more views on
my videos so ah exposed look guys she's
gonna dump it on to me what oh I swear
to god you fucking taking to the front
of the store oh my god guys all for the
vlog turn around guys this is why you
don't drive with me because you just
pick up the worst habits imagine if you
got pulled over that would have been
good for the vlog title shut the fuck up
no yeah okay guys I'm really ending the
vlog a really good shirt
guys she always seems to me she said she
doesn't she says she doesn't know how to
simp to me or Fleur so she just sings
songs too
yeah I just wanted to say that I've been
reading all your comments saying playing
Jackie playing Jackie and hopefully she
can't hear me right now because that's
gonna be coming very soon oh that's
where you know like if you praise me
we'll break up so that's not gonna be
okay guys even better so now time to
really prank her set myself free a
mystery but that's not now but if you
guys can see him when he's gone
sure literally she's fake she's faking
but anyways guys we have plans for
Valentine's Day
on Valentine's night not on Valentine's
Day we can listen to the donut on them
we'll finish you before we go down to my
house on Valentine's Day we have plans
we're going to go to Los Angeles we're
in San Diego right now we're going to
drive up to Los Angeles we're going to
go to the LA Zoo
she wants to see the pandas we're going
to go to the LA Zoo and we're staying
that I in LA anyways if you guys are
around bossing us on Valentine's Day
we're gonna be and you can come and say
what's up let's go eat together yeah we
can eat together we can take pictures we
can go see the pandas together so
Valentine's Day any Britain a really
good gift so I can't wait til he flips
out about it we're mostly bad about it
then okay guys you heard it here first
so she's getting me a gift for
Valentine's Day that's guaranteed to
make me flip out so now I have to do a
fake reaction yeah cool right so now I
have to go fake the X regardless but
yeah yeah we got we got plans on
Valentine's Day the Los Angeles and
sting the night in la la is always fun
you guys obviously here even all around
the world
you know I most my fans are all around
the world honestly but everyone knows
Los Angeles lasting okay guys time to
eat good night good night Brandon night
speaking of Brenda and I he better be
traded next week
