I got this F boy going to work singing
some Rihanna and I get copyrighted
because your voice sounds exactly like
her feel uh guys what are you uploading
a Call of Duty video yeah but I've just
made a sermon for a guy Anthony's
recommended on YouTube I've done Shia
argue with you what are you gonna argue
yeah no it's not this is Sherman the
very account Anthony why do you defend
yourself that everything just accept it
you must be listened to okay sue no you
listen to ohm cuz to Venus lease
obviously I'm really good bye friend
watch your videos I okay yes you do you
just finished watching this he listened
to it 453 oh my god I reckon I'll play
me play me for cheese whopper that Liz
you admit that your life is yours admit
you're a liar I'm a player why would I
lie people go to hell I swear to god
I'll put four together before cheese
walk oh gee if I had a dollar for every
time I watched this video I would
literally not be enrolled in school
right now guys we're watching this where
are we about to go weber gate sorry
ready guys we're going to Burger King
oh we're gonna break a cake we are going
to Burger King but you have to order you
have to order like anger Griffin you
know there is spit know they would spit
our food okay okay fine Andy you are
literally ham look look look at the TV
oh my god you actually look like it we
have to pop this look at my gas guys Oh
sheep tell me dad your dad your dad your
dad your dad
let's say hi to bed where you gonna do
back over the basket run over the basket
it's been say what's up to the vlog guys
whose cars nicer minor hit okay well
time to go to Burger in my dad's yellow
truck is just our yellow cars just like
Brita it's like ugly as fuck on the
outside but like when you go inside is
really really good okay you're ugly as
fuck on that outside of a piece of shit
on the inside guys my motto is if the
gas light isn't on then we're all good
you're in good hands till the gas light
turns on no oh my god Fisher scared me
so much
there's a nice shirt third pick in the
draft who you got winning hurt big yeah
who you got winning tomorrow joggers oh
yeah
me too I wish you were playing tomorrow
Carolina really totally look good hope
that's up Carolina radio recording yeah
when your team is it in the Superbowl
like ours the most you can hope for is a
good game yeah no sir
unlike Denver and Seattle a couple years
ago hopefully it's gonna blow out yes
I'm not a blowout we're all good we're
about to go to Burger King do you want
anything no we're about this I want what
do you want I want the give me give me
like whoppers and a Burger King here we
come thanks to angry grandpa we'll come
in Burger King Super Bowl tomorrow I'm
not gonna say who I have winning because
last time I made was even playing
Chargers last time I tried making a she
NFL prediction that shit went all wrong
so I'm just gonna enjoy the game and
hope it's a good game uh the Carolina
I'm gonna say one thing though I'm gonna
say one thing
the Carolina Carolina Panthers are the
Golden State Warriors of the NFL and I
don't mean that in regards to how good
they are I mean that in regards to all
the bandwagon fans I can't stand in like
I don't know where you got a bunch of
Carolina Panther fans just like in the
NBA I don't know where you have a bunch
of Golden State warrior fans that
weren't there two or three years ago but
Burger King here we come things
butchie's will know thank singing yeah
but guys I'm gonna hit the fuck ill a
one
extra-long fish dick sandwich you
actually have to be really nice at
Burger King because like they would spin
your food if you're not nice so I will
get full cheese Wafaa
do you guys still serve the four cheese
whopper tell me what the fuck you want
I stab you I don't think your angles a
Kansan tell you me again Oh true to
myung-bo sandwiches do you guys have yum
bows or no a young bow
no they don't have it yeah that's it
thank you huh what it's how much money
this you just said was 125 now 25 dog I
could have got a gourmet meal at
Benihana $25 my dad way my fucking
divers in a way my heart just stopped
how'd you get ketchup please
yeah thank you thank you man
Eggman preciate it this is I mean we
need to know $25 get it fuck that shit
Burger King fuck Burger King we don't
fuck with Layton when you grab it say
Thank You Man okay man focus on me not
this focus good boy Anthony hold the
cross like this I'm not gonna hold it
while you're recording why mmm looks so
good guys the food is already on me but
they have to take long to act like
they're cooking it fresh I know all the
tips and cheat I shit hmm Thunder gotta
fucking spin a food and uh man hey
Brandon really believes that they gonna
spit or they do often in what do they
have to lose they spin or if we they get
fire who's gonna see them painting in
fact like the boss is at home watching
the cameras all day jacking off to them
talking doing the food who the hell said
they were taking off he should be
watching that you dumb fuck you're gonna
have the cameras on his house thank you
ma'am
Rishi watch too much Ingram and we're
here because of a yeah we are here
because of angry focus hocus-pocus so
they're good good good good
oh no leave it back up hey Frankie
guys if you look up Anthony if you look
up the word dumb fuck in the dictionary
show them what shows up yet thanks man
appreciate it and my son my car wasn't
intro my glove was enjoyed man Anthony
why you driving my gen and 25 in charge
of zooming so it wasn't really 25 guys
hanging copyrighted I can't play this
song it's not about copyright that's my
sex playlist where are we on my sex
business why would you have a sex place
when you know our sex uh-huh I wouldn't
sit where you're sitting right now
honestly guys I used to work out the
subway we just passed antibody be the
pussy didn't you come to subway when I
used to work there yeah how good of a
sandwich artist well that was not
literally made the shittiest Harrison
you heard it here first brain in the
water seized to make my tricks and what
to do back home Oh should have print
your dad we should have got a minute I
have all the ingredients
how about we're pretty Frank my daddy's
gonna kill you no he's really got your
lazy butt in the video he's not dirty
Anthony you can't you can't city I'll
get him another whopper and prank him
with it would he actually get mad
yeah that's why Anthony really want to
do it go ahead well I'm saying would you
get mad like if I put the vinegar and
rosewater and just like wow you're a
pussy we're gonna do it okay
go where am i my daddy and it whoop your
ass Anthony is he really yeah my dad is
a freakin Kepala if you guys know that
don't know what that means me just a
killer really guys listen I'm not a
pussy oh my we're pranking his dad
wasn't my idea listen I got no pepper uh
vinegar vanilla extract and of an
election
yeah good fucking job well I don't have
this on pepper any more exciting this
program we're putting all that in the
Whopper that I'm gonna get
and we're back how was it um hi sorry
we're back I just wanted to add one more
whopper okay okay thank you
34 a wahlburger wondered 534 one prank
how the fuck is ingre grandpa for the
whopper he lives in a trailer home dude
not only a whopper oh oh cheese yeah a
lot about a four cheese whopper that's
like four times the damn prize my dad
he's gonna look for a guys don't know
his dad the super a prize anger grandpa
hey
holy shit this huge guy yeah you heard
it first Anthony would never dare I
would not I would never ever prank my
dad ever
hmm I'm not touching any Z ingredients
so you just put a lot if you're gonna
prank him it's not gonna make it taste
good
more than that does more than bringing
its salt
it's not like you're trying to make it
taste Oh pepper shit tomatoes oh yeah
they know it Oh what freakin Oh No
who do I put too much imagine that all
this some good shit oh no friend of
put-put-put that's a weirdest me he's
get it guys the bite is so oh my god oh
man it's so bad rosewater oh my god the
vinegar
I'm gonna put it on good ones don't put
on the bun now oh shit ill ill man I ate
that one oh it makes me want to throw up
okay you're so stupid Shh vinegar okay
I'm not smelling it I smell it
can I eat this burger and hangout Jackie
after hi Jackie
you know held oh hell no wait is the Bud
Light noticeably sticky oh but I can't
wipe on my jeans I'm Millie a Ligeti
okay then grab napkins yeah you know I
can't take the smell of that rosewater
how do you wrap this empty I don't know
just crumple it
okay guys look bring the bag we are
ready to go prank Bashar guys my dad is
is crazy okay he'll really your
prediction about my prediction guys yeah
you wish okay let's just listen to me
okay
here's what I think is gonna happen he's
gonna take a bite of sandwich
he's gonna look I branded or something
we're gonna spit it out oh my god I've
been thinking about what the hell he's
gonna do but it I don't know what he's
gonna do right when he takes a bite but
the outcome is gonna be you in a freaky
like stretcher in a cop in a stretcher
it's not like we're gonna go like as of
like lo about continuing this this is a
burger Oh dad this was not my idea
back at the house and I'd be lying if I
said I wasn't fuckin scared after what
Anthony told me dad opened up we out
here
what is up fellows by Dahlia you don't
want anything stuff in one bag a little
bit you didn't want anything
look you're not suppress it what they
call this burger off wop wop
oh my god
salt pepper vinegar rosewater vanilla
extract um honey oh my god I'm dying -
are you just gonna I thought I'm not -
yeah I'm gonna kill me dad out in chains
what did it taste like
Rose wanted right it's the rose water
now you put gas but you only fill up gas
from
number two for my boy eric bledsoe let's
go Eric Bledsoe greatest point guard to
ever set foot on the court yes I'm
looking at you Magic Johnson yes I'm
looking at you Steve Nash yes I'm
looking at you John Stockton yes I'm
looking at you Isiah Thomas
