got this heywhat blog this is your girl
Ashley I just wanted to congratulate
Brandon I'm heading 200k whoa that is a
greater comp thank you very much so much
about hello um follow me
one Instagram a doc shot egg or oh snap
check so I'm hella funny I'm at my name
right not only is she funny but she's an
aspiring model yes so you got you better
quick so you guys want to know her
before she gets too big follow her
Instagram and snapchat please but now
it's time to go to class we gotta go
learn something before you go model we
have to go learn some bio come here babe
guys I wake up to the news Brian tell
them where you're go well Brian told me
Brian told me he was hanging out with
Lauren's and I was like okay whatever
I'm about to go to the gym you know
Brian told me we're good surprising but
he asked me where we're going you can't
hold a surprise for Shay he told me
right away
we're going to Cannes they're going all
the way in Anaheim this place is like an
hour and a half away cuz when they went
when we go to Vegas we love this place
called Raising Cane's we didn't even
know they had one in Cali so we looked
it up there last week yeah Brian went to
Vegas last week we looked it up they
have a Raising Cane's it's like an hour
and a half away by la Los Angeles it's
an Anaheim Brian is going to bring me
some while I go to the gym to play bass
ball two meals Brian so I can eat one
now and one at night guys it's honestly
so good I was just like I was like where
you going you said Brandon I was gonna
surprise you and bring you canes I said
okay you'd have to spoil the surprise I
just asked where you were going
and honestly guys oh my gosh yeah in
case you didn't know I'm a Phoenix Suns
fan mom did you know what my favorite
team was yeah guys Friday no school
thank God and you know what I do on my
days off go play basketball I'll be at
the gym for I don't know four five hours
come back I don't know what the hell I'm
gonna do awesome go play some basketball
out of the house before cleaning that
mama it's clean I'll make good use of
these mom these will be clean in no time
no I'll clean up don't worry puzzle you
want to use one if I take you to the dog
park you need one cuz you're not
neutered
who put this trash mom who put trash on
our thing down there
no someone left a piece of trash right
here where's the girl where's the
garbage
I guess I could use this to wipe my feet
on when I'm when they're really dirty
who said I'm hating on the teeth what in
my head
29 teams are trash I'm a fan of one team
the Phoenix Suns what were you doing
Bosley oh my god I think is gonna take a
number two oh my god he's gonna drop
that booty down and take a number two
it's coming it's coming it's coming and
there he goes
drop below Bosley drop it low and don't
forget to wipe your butt before you come
in please
oh he's looking for his gold watch Brian
I got something else Gold for you yeah
if you're going to LA might as well take
it a lot of people roam the streets of
LA where's my dad my dad I even laughs
where's my dad you're my mom and he's my
dad your dad is that word your mom isn't
working
Brian where is your dad where's your dad
that's my boy only how many games I was
losing today zero
there's my boy Ollie I'm gonna try to
feed you even more video say what's up
micron was broke down
oddly we got to go back inside come on
you can't be out without a leash the
cops are gonna take you the dog cops
come on what's going
hey buzz Li ah what's up yeah
Bosley turn around let me see your butt
slim thick with that cute pug ass Bosley
come on let me get a back shot turn
around he wants to show me the sideview
huh
nice for all my dog subscribers mom do
you think I have any subscribers that
are dogs no I don't mean dogs like how
my dad is like a dog I mean like an
actual dog like a pet the white shorts
again guys you think I'm joking when I
said pawsley get sad when my mom leaves
look I don't even know where he is but
he's alone so don't sleep listen why
don't you hang out with me Jessica's my
mom or Brian aren't here or my dad
doesn't mean you hang out by yourself no
no Bosley come on let's go upstairs
we'll hang out Bosley why are you
sitting like that you literally look
like a frog come on let's go upstairs
good boy you want to watch the cars he
loves watching the cars watch yeah let's
go we're gonna go on the couch and we're
gonna watch the cards come here you're
gonna see all your friend yeah come here
buzz Lee you're gonna see all your
friends that cross the street come on
let's go
okay we're going to put you up on the
couch see the windows are open for you
Bosley let's put you up on the couch
guys I'm so depressed he used to be able
to jump on the couch himself and then he
gained like 600 pounds have you guys
watched The Biggest Loser Bosley needs
to get invited to that okay
scum couch look he puts his paws up on
it watch it on the couch yeah that's the
most he does and then what ooh and then
hey I said watch the car is Bosley whoa
there you go buzz Li holy shit I drank
the pre-workout the gym and my stomach
hurts so bad yeah guys so my friend
ollie that you saw briefly in my video I
want to feature him in more of my videos
let me tell you guys why that's been my
boy since kindergarten like like no uh
no breaks throughout the friendship no
like oh I moved there and came back and
we're still friends
no same elementary school same middle
school same high school and now we go to
two different colleges but we played
outside with each other every single day
that's my boy I don't really see him
outside of the gym anymore though that's
why he isn't really in my videos but I
want to start featuring him in a more of
my videos maybe do a challenge with him
- I love all we like I have friends now
that I'm really close to you know I've
known them for a few years but I haven't
I haven't known anybody for as long as
I've known Ollie I know his family his
mom dad sister I know all his cousins
were so close like he's pretty much my
brother he's literally my brother from
another mother he's literally that I
love him me a kiss you kiss Bosley stop
smelling me just a mucus honestly come
on give me a kiss Bosley just Lake my
face Bosley I'll force him to give me
one watch Bosley would you stop being
stubborn okay guys so I kept bothering
Bosley for a kiss so he moved over there
I'm not leaving till I get my kiss watch
I feed you I shelter you I'm the one who
bought you commute kiss Bosley are you
fucking kidding me
one what not yeah good boy you want to
go to sleep you want me to bring you
your pillow yeah I'll bring you your
pillow wait you want to sleep on this
there go to sleep
will you be with his head up guys oh
fuck
something in my eye from my shower you
can't talk I just got out of the shower
I'm sure you could tell from my walk
here I don't know if you could tell if
you look closely I didn't shave
I usually shave okay I'm gonna put on a
shirt so you guys don't say oh so trying
to show off your body so let me go put a
shirt on really quick and then I'm gonna
explain guys I have to wear shirt just
to shave man I got some mean subscribers
out there who yell at me for shaving
with a shirt off so i'ma wear this and
um someone suggested this last time
forgot who it was but he was like he was
like dude you shave before you shower
that's wrong you have to shave after you
shower because the hot water opens up
your pores and I was like hey maybe I
should listen to one of my subscribers
because I love you guys so much so I
just got out the shower and look now
it's time to shave so
you first pop first but you gotta make
sure the camera dami in the soul fuck
okay well okay so first get the water
wet your face a little okay okay
shake and clean boom boom boom bullshit
for so much okay
out hot fuck so you get the shaving
cream everywhere Ariana
you usually got to get the little you
know about here because I'm Middle
Eastern wasting too much water
I'm Middle Eastern so I grow hairs on my
unibrow little ones okay so you shave
everything except the goatee cuz a
goatee gotta stay the goat cheese fresh
mr. spot
Brian and Lawrence are back from Anaheim
and now it's time to go take care of my
hair
let's go yes I still use rugs hair dryer
that he burned on me bad idea to use
this but I keep doing it
it's been months and it still smelled
like baby powder
gotta get some deodorants on my hairy
armpits for sure guys I like my hairy
armpits though because Devin Booker has
hairy armpits that's my boy D book okay
maybe some Cologne ah fuck
it burns cuz I just shaved and then
you're gonna moisturize your face
Cetaphil face lotion because after you
shower and shave your face my face is
dry as fudge it's so dry so let me set
the camera down right here not a good
idea but small squirt rub that okay mmm
just enough to wear when you go like
this your face doesn't feel like a
fucking stone or a rock because after I
shower wash my face and do all this if I
don't use moisturizer my face is
literally a stone rock it's crazy
oh so good moisturizer then can't forget
the chapstick I hate this chapstick my
soul it from rug the only one I have I
have to use it so God there you have it
shower wash your face shave blow-dry
deodorant Cologne moisturize your face
chapstick and one last thing Brian I
need my aftershave rug is taking a dump
dump number two in my aftershave and I
need my aftershave because you got to
put that on after you shave in case you
guys didn't know Brian step stopfake
washing your hands I'm not recording
what oh good
whoa oh my god okay guys this aftershave
smells so good
smell final step to the process I
usually use I use tissue paper but or
toilet paper but that's in the bathroom
and there's no way I'm going back in
there
so guys by the time I'm done with this
whole routine my food is gonna be so
cold that Bryan brought me a little bit
of after shady ah fuck this burns too
but it's all good it smells really good
I'm so stoked I haven't had Kane since I
went to Vegas last year it's just the
right oh my god close that door it's
just a regular fast food place but me
and Bryan Lawrence hype it up so much it
actually tastes good it's like a KFC but
heaven KFC what it's nowhere Ryan if
would chapstick is that Brandon are you
fucking dumb first off this is a new one
oh I got the one that you have two room
is mine I know but I still like using it
still sup Larry Bryan is this mine oh my
god oh it's Jessica fine this is mine
yeah poor piece of ceiling up for free
thanks some bro very much it's just
awesome there did you
why so I can end up in the belly like a
line was so long and my way yeah we're
not even gonna microwave I'm too hungry
really look at this the sauce God knows
what's in here it's like magic heaven
sauce to toast fries and chicken
oh no buzz is gonna smell it guys look
at Bosley being a good boy just looking
outside when the garage is open and not
running out but I don't trust his
instincts Oh Bosley stay wait wait good
boy Bosley why are you being so good
what do you want or maybe you got some
you know what last night maybe you got
some good good last night so now you're
in a good mood huh oh wait after chit
hey Bosley where did my condoms go now I
know why you're still happy you thief
guys funny story last time I was in Rea
Kayne's in Vegas I ran into somebody you
guys might know who he is I'm gonna put
the picture up right now
if you guys know who he is leave a
comment below it's George Karl coach of
the Sacramento Kings I ran into him and
you know I had to take a picture I was
so hyped someone's here who's here oh my
god guys
rugs girlfriend kaylynn I'm just joking
Kaelyn stop killing when you cover your
face I'm gonna put you in more so just
say hi guys
rude if you look up the definition of
rude in the dictionary Caitlin's face
with Jill oh yeah relationship goals
Bryan's about to go Ray Rice Oh Ray Rice
Oh guys I'm just joking they're not
dating Kayla you know faze rug and
chilling with Bosley my god who keeps
sending Bryan the swords and knives
it's literally like you guys want him to
kill me now he has leverage for our next
argument I'm pissed
so I tell I told whoops I just tried to
focus the camera like this so I told
Jackie what are you doing babe she said
I'm just taking a test want to come over
guys when a girl asks you if you want to
come over this should be your reaction
drop your car and jump in Bosley not you
it's me I got the invite but yeah so
shit Wow
there's a hole in my fucking basketball
shorts look I just tried to put it in my
shorts and look Wow
stick one Nike you selfish ignorant dog
where'd you put the condoms Bosley I
need them where'd you put them Bosley
hey you're not gonna tell me where you
put the condoms well time to go in raw
I'm just joking guys I hope you
understand my humor if you don't then I
feel bad cuz I'm always joking it's
funny to me 90% of the people probably
think I'm stupid and it's not funny at
all but to me it's funny I'm sorry
guys look I decided to wear white and
black socks with these white shoes
because these shoes are so damn dirty
that they might as well be white and
black so I guess it matches more now and
my hairy legs so why am black also but
yeah I'm gonna meet up with my
girlfriend
now pause I saw my mom come home Bosley
who's that let's go from the garage come
on let's go
let's go from a garage go boy go go go
guys
if I had one wish in this world one wish
it would be that if there was a slow
driver in front of me that I would snap
my fingers and they would automatically
drive ten miles per hour faster man if I
had any superpower that would be it for
sure
guys I didn't want to go to Jackie's
house empty-handed so I came to Vaughn's
to pick her up I seen that there selling
girl I was just gonna buy her chocolates
but I saw that they're selling
girl-scout cookies which girl doesn't
like Girl Scout cookies so I'm about to
go buy some right now
I'm not sure which flavor will kind
Bhama buy some Girl Scout cookies
I wonder whose laptop this is princess J
no what
oh my god what's going on here oh my god
that's where the ghosts come from
let me guess my dad isn't selling to
himself with no help my dad refuses help
from anybody yeah he knows what he's
doing god knows what would happen if I
even tried to if I even tried to close
this cabinet something would fall off
dad I'm here to help so my dad fixes
cameras paints rooms freakin makes
breakfast fixes up the backyard and puts
in microwaves mom is there anything my
dad can't do oh not that you can say on
camera dad I'm pretty sure you could do
microwave other than take a good update
measurements coming in that I think you
should block that so the ghosts won't
come in
good thank God
Brooklyn is winning thank you God thank
you God thank you God
yes Brooklyn is winning if you're
wondering why I'm so hyped listen the
Phoenix Suns season is down the trash
down the drain it's fucking done the
only thing you can hope for now is to
try to get the number-one pick in the
draft just hire your draft position so I
need Brooklyn Minnesota and the Lakers
to win a bunch of games and I need the
Phoenix Suns to keep losing okay so look
what I made in class yesterday you know
I got bored in class okay look at this
if you can't see it
I wrote the next 12 games for the nets
Timberwolves Lakers and the Suns so like
I said I need the Lakers two of the nets
to win and I need the suns to keep
losing Ben Simmons you need to come to
Phoenix I'm you start this campaign
hashtag Ben Simmons to Phoenix okay I
love the Suns but I'm looking towards
the future the Phoenix Suns need Ben
Simmons they need a top three pick I I
think it's honestly been 20 to 30 years
the last time we had a top three pick so
on I think I'm gonna spend my well the
heat just one but um yeah I just got
back from seeing Jackie I borrowed
chocolates and flowers yeah I think I'm
gonna spend the rest of my Friday
watching bass well there's a bunch of
good games on so uh time to watch one of
my former
one of my favorite former sons play
Isaiah Thomas I'm so glad he's an
all-star this year I love him Brooklyn
fuck you
they let the Kings get within 12 and
there's still five minutes left
oh my gosh don't score don't score don't
score yes guys I actually want to see
the Kings make the eighth seed in the
playoffs I'd rather watch them against
golden say than Utah or Portland
not that any of them would beat them yes
Bogdanovich
attaboy guys busting down by two three
seconds left
Boston's ball let's see how this game
ends
maybe a Boston game winning three maybe
a tie for overtime dad what do you think
what are your predictions Cavs win yeah
okay you heard it first from Ron three
seconds left Boston ball Isiah look oh
they hit a three oh my god all those all
that I know that was like two minutes oh
my god dad put it up guys Boston hits a
three Wow wait a minute that's but look
at this
yeah off his hands game avery bradley
game winner oh my gosh guys
i come downstairs my dad stealing my
food and now we know who took my KitKat
now we know guys if you remember my last
vlog I was looking everywhere for my
kick-out under the table in the fridge i
texted brian i texted my mom it was my
dad who took the KitKat from the table
and now I come downstairs to put my
camera in charge and I see my dad eating
my food
so we have a thief in the house maybe
you weren't the one who stole my condoms
dad was it you okay
guys really quick before I end this vlog
I just want to say something really fast
Golden State vs Oklahoma City tonight I
expect Golden State to win but I expect
it to be close if Golden State blows
them out like they did to San Antonio
the NBA needs to end the season today
February 6th drive up to Golden State
tomorrow and hand them the NBA
championship give them the trophy
if the Golden State Warriors win tonight
that's fine if OKC wins ok but if the
Golden State Warriors run them out of
the building
just like they've been doing to all the
top teams give the Warriors a trophy and
end the season I don't care there's no
point even keep playing but yeah that's
going to be a great game honestly
Russell Westbrook by Steph Curry enjoyed
