what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis this is a really really
short video going out to my bro wat
squad all my brawler's watching right
now oh my god what do I keep doing that
with my shirt um
it's such a habit but um I just want X
because I've been mentioning in my
recent vlog that if you follow me on
Twitter I'm like I've been wanting the
sons to lose and I've been saying go
Lakers go Nets go Timberwolves and
people are commenting back some people
are calling me a bandwagon some people
are saying wow you don't even like the
Suns anymore bah bah so I'm making this
video explaining why I want the Suns to
lose every single game for the rest of
this season have you guys heard of Ben
Simmons no no okay let me tell you guys
he could be one of the greatest greatest
one-and-done cosplayers in in college
hit basketball history you guys don't
know what one-and-done it is obviously
you come and play for one year and then
you joined the draft hence one and done
this kid is averaging 20 points a game
13 rebounds and and I think 5 or 7
assists like he's 19 years old he's a
college freshman I'm older than this
dude college basketball 40 minutes a
game the NBA is 48 minutes a game
there's nobody in the NBA that averages
2013 and 7 I'm not saying he's gonna
come in and be LeBron James or Michael
Jordan no way nothing close to that Ben
Simmons is the real deal that's all
gonna say he's gonna be picked number
one in the draft okay how do you get the
number one pick well you lose as many
games as possible because the NBA set up
to where well every major sport is set
up to where the team that loses the most
games possible gets the best college
player it's just the way the draft works
so right now Philadelphia is the worst
team the Suns are not catching them
Philly's at seven wins the Phoenix Suns
have 14 on Ben Simmons is gonna go
number one so people are saying oh why
do you want the Suns to lose if they're
not gonna they're not gonna catch Philly
Philly has seven wins
okay guys the NBA runs this system it's
made to prevent tanking which obviously
doesn't help or work because teams are
tanking all over the place including the
Phoenix Suns the NBA draft lottery works
where despite having the worst record
that does not mean you get the number
one pick they pick the ping-pong balls
behind closed doors I might add for some
reason the rigged league picks that
ping-pong balls behind closed doors and
they come out with the results meaning
if you have the worst record in the NBA
if you have the worst record in football
you get the number one pick second words
you get the second pick it works like
that but in the NBA you have to go
through the draft lottery so how it
works is yes Philadelphia will get the
highest chance at the number one pick
but it's not for sure they get the most
ping-pong ball combinations in this
little thing that like flows up and down
they pick the ping-pong balls so um I
need the sun's to keep dropping lower to
give them a higher chance at getting the
number-one pick I need the Lakers to
keep winning I need Minnesota to keep
winning I need Brooklyn to keep winning
Ben Simmons we need you in Phoenix we
need to pair you up with Eric Bledsoe we
need to pair you up with rising star
Devin Booker this kid is gonna be
something special and yes I understand
there have been a bunch of college
players that have been great in college
and you come into the NBA and you're
just like here case case made right here
Jimmer Fredette some other fuckers
averaging like a hundred points a game
in college he's I've been in the league
anymore he plays for the d-league and
it's only been like three or four years
so I understand yeah you want the sun's
to lose for no reason because Ben
Simmons could be bad but the Phoenix
Suns are not making the playoffs it does
them no good to win games and you know
get close and missed the playoffs in the
end so at this point I want the Suns to
lose I want them to lose games um I want
Brooklyn to win I want the Lakers when I
mount Minnesota twin so they could pass
the Suns and have the Suns keep dropping
and we'll see what happens come draft
right but I just wanted to clear that up
because the fact that people were
calling me a bandwagon are saying why
why do you want the suns to lose I
thought you were a Suns fan I love my
sons sure they're 2 and 22
last 24 games yeah you heard that right
two wins and 22 losses
there's six and 32 in their last 38
they're the fourth worst team in the NBA
but you know what that's my team I
fucking love the Phoenix Suns my blood
right here if I were to cut my wrist
purple and orange blood would squirt out
I love my Phoenix Suns and nothing will
change that
wanting them to lose is making the suns
better for the future so on
and I'm sure Laker fans and well
Brooklyn fans I feel bad for them
because their pick is going to Boston by
the way I just wanted to add this the
Boston Celtics are the most underrated
team in the NBA they're third place in
the East third third in the East they
get no love from ESPN nobody talks about
them they also have Brooklyn's pick in
the draft which could end up being Ben
Simmons imagine you make the playoffs as
a top 3 seed and then you get you get
the number one pick
man Brooklyn is enough perfect but I
wish the sounds were in Brooklyn in
Boston's position not Brooklyn my bad um
yeah I just want to throw that in there
I think Boston is the most underrated
team in the league oh I hope you guys
enjoyed this little video boom I hope
you guys enjoy your day honestly it's
Friday night and I'm home watching
basketball not much to do tonight I
might hang out with Jackie later but uh
I love you guys all bruh wat squad up to
the top you guys are the greatest
