I got this guy's I was headed to go play
some bass home Marty a little late I
always try to leave before 11:00 and
it's 1107 so I came really quick to eat
some food and mom what happened the
microwave is broken so I don't have any
time to put it in the oven so I'm just
I'm literally just eating it cold cook
last night no microwave no microwave no
oven no heating of any sort but ball is
life and I'm already late so I got ya go
to the gym look not even the bread is
heated
so dry guys keep the jacket um after the
gym this what I'm doing guys look at all
this I'm opening from my video this is
actually amazing like this is crazy all
of these are packages from you guys to
me and like I said in my previous vlog I
mentioned I said I hope no one even
spends one penny on me not a single cent
because I don't think that's fair to you
guys I don't think you guys should be
spending your hard-earned money on gifts
for me like I said I love the fan mail
and if you guys have something laying
around your house that you don't use and
you'd like to send it and send it my way
but I hope you guys aren't spending
money because that makes me feel bad but
anyways I appreciate and I love you guys
all what is going on for watch squad
what's up everybody it's your boy
Brandon aka paratus and I don't even
know if you guys can see me through all
these packages this is amazing this is
going to be my 200k peel box opening
video and uh before I start the video I
just wanted to say that I read all the
letters there were over 30 letters I
went all the Matt and I put them in my
drawer upstairs see I told you guys all
the drawings letters I read them all
already but I feel like if I look
someone sent me to brought is from
Marcus Morris he mentioned to stop
hating on his brother Markieff now
Marcus I'm gonna keep doing it but yeah
today's gonna be a straight package
opening all the letters I read and I
love them all but now it's time to go
open some packages guys I read all the
letters as soon as I picked them up from
the PIO bugs but that's not the only
time whenever I'm bored or honestly when
I'm feeling down I come to this drawer
right here fan mail and I've read most
of these letters a good two or three
times I look at the drawings look at
this one I just I love all you guys I
swear we honestly makes my heart melt
oh I'm I think I'm just faking that but
no I actually feel my heart melting when
I
I love you guys all another thing I
wanted to say was that I'm hoping that
none of these packages included
something that you have spent money on
to get for me because as much as I
appreciate it and I love you guys doing
that I don't feel like it's fair for you
guys to be spending your own money on me
just feel like that stop here for you
guys I feel like I'm stealing money from
you guys but uh anyways let's get this
started
I'm gonna be using one of roads someone
keeps setting broad knives I don't know
this kid wants rope to kill me or
something but he keeps sending in knives
I'm gonna use them for the opening I
don't know why I'm talking so loud my
mom and I are sleeping it's Thursday
night right now it's like 11:00 p.m. but
let's get this started first of all and
my brother's pill box hoping video and
he just did I received a keychain a
Phoenix Suns keychain from Esteban Thank
You s1 Billy Ricardo Montera beers
whatever if you guys wanna technically
you get that joke oh yeah thank you very
much I'm definitely hanging this up on
my wall so thank you I love it
hey Brandon my name is Jacob Nolan I'm
16 years old and I watch you Bryan
Lawrence and fuckboys videos seven send
me a letter because you are the coolest
Z felt it my heart melted I see you love
the sun's a lot so I decided to send you
a nice gift okay and I'm guessing this
is the kid Express to open
a fool trading cards what okay Jacob
this isn't cool man
Cody Luke Walton and run our tests this
one makes me the most mad because game
cloud 2010 Western Conference final
he hit the budget beer on the Phoenix
Suns I'm done I'm over it
Jacob you have my heart melting with the
letter and now Tom fire I wanna do
something to you really bad nom d'un
jokey thank you for the cards that's
funny
na check those are going up in my drawer
but I definitely appreciated um this is
from Ikea Wow oh that makes sense is
from Hawaii I was going to say the name
sounds really Hawaiian oh my god best
day of my life for condoms yes thank God
okay four columns in one package called
util I want over right okay but a number
yes a magnum it's not mag admitting so
you can't use it ha damn it thank you
very much Brian huh
this is from hawaii hawaiian comment i
wonder how those look emoji stickers wow
thank you very much and there is a note
in here can this be the fan mail yes it
could granite or the waters and Facebook
I'm Chi Kea from why I don't to say you
both are big inspiration to me I'm doing
odd emoji stickers and I just wanted to
give you guys these comments for braudys
oh man therefore robot is Brian faith
Anthony and moorings
i watch all you guys videos not a Sun
sphere but both sons and F Markieff
Morris thank you for oh my god you just
made my night I must sleep happy tonight
I see what this is
this one from Miguel on a Seto from
Illinois Wow
we have a bunch of trading cards we okay
this is crazy
there's a ton of free cool week a ton of
trading card
peach PJ Tucker God's convenience senior
I'm not sure forgotten even seen keeping
Tucker thank you very much
whoo there's a note in here too I am 12
from Chicago go bulls
I can't afford to the book I'm a really
nice seen Jimmy Butler's coming up thank
you very much I appreciate the trading
cards guys what do you say we open this
one I know every single person watching
this is like come on open the big one
open the big one I'm gonna need rugs
knife
oh my god oh my god
Oh package it seems very light guys I'm
really scared of snakes and it seems
like something that someone catches
snake I bet and enjoy your gift from
Jack my name is Jack and I live in
Australia so I want to get you a little
gift a look huge package for a little
gift this is a snake I know there's a
lot of snakes in Australia would you
open
oh my god no way no way no way
look Brian look Jack for matcha thank
you very much this is going he's going
up on my wall for sure fine I thought it
was a snake I threw the thing Billy Wow
thank you very much
oh my god I love you thank you so much
from Nicholas Leon tits no way a few
sons ballhead guys oh my god I have the
best subscribers on all of YouTube
honestly look holy crap I'm so happy
guys honestly if you guys make me smile
so much oh thank you Nick very much
Wow kind of open this no no way they
send me NBA 2k or you kidding me and
there's no no I got to find out who sent
this to me thank you very much I'm gonna
play this on rush this and I don't play
video games but obviously NBA so I'm
going to have to try this out thank you
so much
hopefully they have to spend money on me
and you just had it laying around
because that's that's crazy I wonder
what this is from Oscar Vasquez from
California must be nearby book god I am
an idiot
wata stand for life with orange and
purple thank you so much okay God look I
wanted to say this but I didn't want to
come off as rude or me but okay so it
says can you and your family please sign
these things and send them back okay
here's my problem with that as much as
I'd love to do that things get lost in
the mail all the time and on I don't
want you guys sending something valuable
and you know asking for a signature and
we try to send it back and he gets lost
in the mail and you know that it's our
fault we don't want to have that
responsibility because as much as I love
like what is this I'll definitely sign
this and send it back but honestly like
for you guys to send it and expect to
get it back things get lost in the mail
all the time so like we would appreciate
it if you wouldn't do that I'm trying to
say this in the nicest way possible and
it's not that I don't want to sign it or
send it back I mean how long does I
think it's a quick signature I just
don't want to be responsible you know it
gets lost and then subscriber wow it's
all your fault so you know it kind of
just like it kind of puts pressure on us
like so I don't know I hope you guys
understand but I'm trying to say that in
the nicest way possible
Oscar the guy who asked me to sign this
yes for my family he wrote a really nice
letter he mentioned that me and Jackie
are the cutest couple he mentioned that
my family's really funny and he loved
Bosley he also threw this so Thank You
Oscar um this is from Ivan cateura Oh
from Ontario Canada after a Steve Nash
oh my god Wow look at this drawing what
it is
do you are an artist what the hell you
aren't artists oh my god ha ha oh my God
look at this picture guys thank you for
making me eric bledsoe look oh my god
look at this so we got Bryan Bryan is
Marcus Morris
my dad is Mark Keith my mom is Miles
Plumlee I'm Eric Bledsoe and Anthony is
going George and the other tattoo that
says F boy wow this is hilarious I'm
gonna put this up on my wall oh my gosh
I love watching your videos and vlogs
are one of my favorite youtubers and you
give me motivation to make youtube
videos keep making vids and can I be in
the vlog I don't know you tell me this
is from Berkeley California it doesn't
have a name so maybe on the inside more
condoms
oh my god
Wow so happy condoms condoms condoms
condoms another one another one
I know another holy shit I need to call
Jackie right now see what we have here
how to keep free from STDs a catalog
I'll be sure to read this before I sleep
so I can get a few nightmares sex and
health for teens condom wow this dude is
really a horny prison but I appreciate
it very much
Wow condoms are expensive so I mean I'm
safe save some money I'm just joking you
guys but from Dublin Dublin California
does not have a name on it so maybe on
the inside god you should put your names
on these so I can thank you in my video
my
okay book Oh time for the knife Wow
no way guys from Gino Oberto this is
crazy Bosley is gonna love this hold on
let me open it up dude this is so sick
honestly wow this is sick
focus camera guys can you read it it
says Bosley it's orange and purple with
a Phoenix Suns symbol and on the bottom
it says go Suns Lakers suck thank you
very much you know let's get the
shoulder roll okay wait
no way a Phoenix top dog collar Bosley
is literally going to be a bigger
something than mean this is from Oh from
Nicholas Leontief he's the guy that sent
me the ball of that dude you're so nice
this is crazy look Phoenix sounds dog
collar thank you guys for giving Bosley
no choice but to be a Suns fan yeah if I
rip the gift
Jack from Australia again dude you're so
nice oh my god
a Phoenix Suns necklace guys I'm getting
too excited I'm not even gonna be able
to sleep tonight until I read the Sgt
thing look a Phoenix Suns necklace this
is definitely going up on my wall dude
you guys are crazy
I don't care what anybody said I have
the best subscribers on YouTube
there's no way thank you jack okay oh my
god this is so heavy
what is this a bomb why is this with me
it says Brian what is oh is it yeah what
oh I know what it is well it's my stuff
trophy part of the interruption let's
see this one doesn't have a name on it
either so maybe no inside surprise no
one sent me one of those pillows pets no
way Wow
please something there's a note in here
we need some there to know this camera
mount is a flutist from from simply
pause dude you comment on my video he
made a video about me I inspired him to
make that his name simply pops share
with rug nah look at this it's a camera
mount you know how you guys complain
about get a camera mount your camera so
shaky he actually got me a camera mount
good thank you simply pause this means a
lot thank you so much this is easy okay
this is from Matthew big G you
the way don't blame no way
hey boys my name is Matthew I'm from
Michigan I love your videos i watch them
every day
my favorite is with you and ethmoid what
gosh he said he has 350 subscribers is
YouTube is not like scheming do you have
a name for your fans yeah it's the pod
squad or my brawlers wait hold on I'm so
hard please a Phoenix on the basketball
oh my god it has a zipper no way no way
oh my gosh guys this is so cool
holy shit look okay I am definitely not
going to sleep tonight I'm so excited
go in come on bitch
this is definitely going somewhere in my
room for sure for sure for sure
Oh Brian it's a it's a basketball that
unzips and it's a Phoenix Suns gorilla
inside
yes no don't touch only sons Brown Club
yeah exactly
close it exactly it's only sons fans a
lot to touch or a zip it back zip it
back up professor
grammar police don't touch dude this is
crazy
Brian from Matthew after you think
you're so pretty much two more two more
Boston I just stay here the whole bit
haha
hey what the hey my god look really
scary how much would you do that
guys did you ever play mater fair to
throw hey wait this is crazy you can
open I hope one of them is for me assign
it to sending two of these bears from
Allan a it's the same beers watch that
you've got it
breathing Mike I want your collection
right if you buy the whole attire okay
guys can't you got don't even ask
guys you got blech so Devin Booker TJ
Warren oh you're a PJ Tucker PJ shop
where's Archie Goodwin so this is PJ
Tucker and honestly for the sake of old
times
orange Gerald Green okay last give Ruby
shit
Thank You Alan I have five pillow pegs
no no oh no way uh sure but I knew some
sure that one looks nice no way no we
hey cool no that's so cool
oh my god wait that's so freakin sick
who said that who sent it Brian check it
through the letter that's so wait.you
sesame there's no letter guys no water
without all the pollution guys are you
kidding me right now you have got to be
kidding me oh my god dude
that whoever sent is I love you so much
I love you so much
it says Oh honest it says a wat is on
the back what the hell this is crazy
dude honestly come on there has to be a
note in there this is crazy I'm honestly
Wow
dude you have got to be kidding me thank
you so so so so so so much I see a wat
is in the back dude that is crazy
thank you I love you guys so much I love
all you guys
so honestly I got to do my outro now I'm
definitely not going to sleep tonight
I'm so excited look at all guys so yeah
I hate you to know I'm a Phoenix Suns
fan but um Wow I fucking love dude this
is crazy I'm honestly about to cry
thank you guys so much I appreciate
every single one of you guys so much and
thank you good for getting into 200k
like I said I want to build the greatest
channel YouTube has ever seen I want
everybody to remember robotics for all
my
and I want you guys to help me grow I
want to grow with you guys I'm at 200k
now that's not even close to what I want
my goal I want I want to reach unlimited
subscribers and I want each and every
one of you guys to say oh hey I was
there since 200 came out there since
before thank you guys so much um I told
you like my heart melts when I read the
letters and like honestly this just
makes me appreciate you guys all so so
much thank you very much and I love you
guys all for watch god stay up I love
you guys
