what is going on bro wat squad what is
up everybody I'm sort of nervous and let
me tell you why this video I'm making
today is something different than videos
I made in the past it's not a vlog it's
not a challenge not a prank
it's not a P o box opening video instead
I'm gonna be surprising this fan let me
tell you guys really quick so on you
know me and Rach are opening our boxes
that we got from the peel box and I know
it's really messed up because we ripped
it pretty bad cuz me and rug are both
idiots we don't know how to open
packages and this girl her name is Lucia
you know she sent me a letter she sent
raagh a letter she sent look at look at
how nice of her it was she sat bosley a
chew toy okay she sent my dad a cup
holder she also sent my dad tic tacs so
she doesn't even live with us and even
she knows my dad's bread stains this is
another toy for Bosley guys look she
sent me an drugs black eyes air
freshener look that's proof she watching
my vlogs because look what I carry
around with me black ice air freshener
and she sent mamma rug a cupcake candle
so you're wondering how is this is
surprising a fan video well you know I'm
reading this and she mentions her
youtube name Jenny skater 11 and I was
like that sounds familiar because you
might not believe me but me rug sherman
lawrence we read all of our youtube
comments and she is damn how do i say
she's a faithful subscriber she comments
on like a bunch of videos so i knew that
name looks familiar and uh she also sent
this where is it fan
a key Oh wrong way she said Kia she
wants um me Brian my mom and dad she
even said she wants Bosley to sign and
send it after her so let me tell you
we're surprising this fan comes in we're
looking at the address from where this
box came in from my mom says that that
street name looks familiar right we look
it up it's 15 minutes away from our
house just maybe 10 to 15 miles away
so um Jenny skater Lucia you're gonna
get this key back
signed except you're not gonna get it
set back in the mail hopefully your home
because me and mama rug are gonna
surprise you we're gonna show about your
house as soon as one hour I'm hoping
you're home I have no idea like who she
is I've no idea what anything this is
but um I'm hoping she's home and oh also
I forgot to mention so she says I go I
prefer football I go for a team who is
bad this year the Chargers who is your
favorite I'm a Chargers fan she the
Chargers fan right along with the key
that were signing I'm gonna hand over
her I'm gonna hand her over my my San
Diego Chargers wallet okay my San Diego
Chargers armband okay and a San Diego
Chargers classic ps2 controller now
obviously you can't use this I mean not
even sure what kind of condition it's in
but that's not the point look how sick
this looks so you know she mentioned
she's a Chargers fan I'm a Chargers fan
I have some valuables that I'm willing
to give back to her along with the P
that we're signing so um I'm really hot
to do this I hope it turns out really
good I hope you guys enjoy and I can't
wait to see her reaction she's a huge
fan like I said see her comments loots
watches all my videos she memorizes
things from my blog so um I can't wait
and Lucia I hope you enjoy not just the
key that you're getting back but also
some valuables and we're gonna see you
soon I need to go shower and get ready
because I was at the gym earlier so uh
let's do this guy's
guys there's my signature ba and then
the number two for eric bledsoe I know
I'm crazy now let's get rook to sign it
oh yeah you can use that Bryan - ba -
the - for Eric Bledsoe
okay there's rug wait give me the pen
I'm fine you smeared my signature I'm
left-handed Lucy I follow this this was
the struggle in high school every essay
every little Lucia it's Brian's fault
I'm sorry you see I love you
okay Bosley here hey come here okay hold
on you need to sign it No Fuzzy's stop
crying it's one signature Oh Lucy I'm
sorry Bosley I can't sign this but you
saw that he's sniffle he sniffed the key
so I'll sign it for Bosley
okay there's Bosley signature a paw of
hearts
even though he's not lovely or nice
that's a signature they stop peeking
through the fan mail here at least give
this a kiss for her okay there he signed
it guys I need a shaved shower
I need to this is my first you know
surprising a fan not a fan meetup but
then my first time surprising a fan so
uh you know I gotta look sharp and I
came up with another idea okay guys so I
just finished shaving as you could tell
because they're still shaving cream on
my neck and I was about to hop in the
shower but I couldn't wait to tell you
guys my idea so like I said this girl
Lucia is a she's a really loyal
subscriber she watches me my brother
Anthony Lawrence so hmm
looking at my watch that I don't have on
my wrist there's about 30 more minutes
until Anthony fuck-boy gets out of
school so let me call him and see if
he's not doing anything if he's not
doing anything imma take him to surprise
her with us yeah guys I had to put a
shirt on cuz I already know all you guys
are gonna comment stop trying to show
off your body even though I'm literally
just about to hop in the shower come on
oh wait you have to move out of school
why am i calling it oh well maybe he'll
answer hello this is wait who is this
shit what about the news host picked up
okay just please give me Anthony I have
to tell something really quick
what are you doing after school okay
well you're getting picked up by Mia and
we're going to this fans house to
surprise her
so fuck boys coming to this should be
great Lucia I hope you're home honestly
because if I go and you're not home
that's gonna be all bad I'm waiting for
Anthony I have no idea where he is but I
told them I was here so okay just picked
up just picked up Anthony so now
hopefully you see that home if she's not
I don't know what we're gonna do
say something we're army say we're gonna
go see Lucia then hi ho lock guys lucky
boy here I'm just kidding my breath is
gonna smell like explosive okay be like
hi I'm say hi yeah so now we're gonna go
hopefully she's home that's all I ask
for it and for the sons to be good again
okay time for Anthony to sign the key to
success shit where are we
this is farther than I thought but we're
almost there five minutes away it's not
literally dawn we just called my mom you
just called my mom to ask where she is
she's right there mom we're gonna make
you guys look my mom is going the right
way accident actually went the wrong way
I was supposed to go
she said that the package in the mail
the she your daughter Lucia is she home
Oh No
Oh until five all right guys so we came
to the house and we met her mom her mom
said that she's in class until like
around five o'clock so we're not gonna
wait here for two hours so we're gonna
go back home and run we're gonna come
back later tonight we made mamma Lucia
promise not to tell her that we came
because we still wanted to keep it a
surprise
so um we could've easily gave her mom
the stuff and just said okay here give
it to her but no we still want to
surprise her so we're gonna come back
when like six o'clock okay yeah we're
gonna come back and do this whole thing
so my biggest fear became a reality she
never knew dining on Caroline don't do
what you've clapped in my face of mind
back and I'm better it's time to go pick
up the fuck boy and head back to Lucy's
house in hopes of her being home water
please thanks thanks fuck boy careful
I'm making Anthony find my candy because
I have this candy you did oh yeah please
get them what's this I have this candy
bomb down the mood to eat it get it boy
you're gonna call me slave huh get it
slave bring it yes oh no they're not the
chewy ones guys yes I love laughing I
love all candy
guys oh my god so like I'm looking up
directions to Lucy s house and I get a
notice I get a youtube notification and
she comment on one of my videos she said
something like don't worry Jackie I have
messy handwriting - guys this is so
weird were like five minutes from her
house and she couldn't eat eggs
and she comments on one of my vlog so
she's at home watching my video and
little does she know I'm on my way to
her house with fuck I mean with Anthony
and we're gonna go surprise yourself if
you're so ghetto in my life I'll shine
to my face for the flashes Oh God okay
so get shine delight or walking to her
house right now this is so Anthony this
body okay we're gonna go to your house
we'll get the best lighting okay guys
wait I don't know if anyone's home guys
I wonder if anyone's home oh that's
awesome I heard something
damn they just walk it anything if you
walk in they're gonna call the cops yeah
go see you're making this much harder
than it is
we just want to surprise you Anthony
what the hell is going on guys I'm gonna
find her Instagram be like yo open up or
outside hey guys we came back to the car
for a little because nobody answered the
door or the doorbell nobody was I'm not
sure but there's like all the cars are
home sold I don't know we're gonna wait
for a little and try again okay part two
round two
come on Lucia
someone's in the shower okay Anthony
it's looking through the bathroom window
it's okay go past we heard someone easy
it's glass
they're gonna think someone's robbing
the house I hear something in there
Anthony go to the door
louder knock on the door oh hi is Lucia
home okay guys I think she's coming
right now
I'm not sure I mentioned the like I said
wait she just comes in we were driving
as you know okay so that's just
something really bad that's why I was
like I was like yeah okay and hold on
you said you a Chargers fan right for
free yeah we came in your mom was in
their car I was like yeah she's like no
I didn't know we went back home and then
we came back
I know you have a new difference on the
you can shop if you guys want to check
out her YouTube channel illicit corner
it's Jenny theater 11 are you really a
skater no like I know how to write and
seven an old email from oh no it's not
good lighting like that it's all dirt
ball my rug was with us yet but then she
was too tired to come back yeah Anthony
rug signed it but rug took Bosley to the
bed so he couldn't come either my dad is
ow I'm not sure where he is that right
now I told you I told you okay I told
Anthony post oh snap there he was like
say oh we're gonna surprise the fan
Anthony and I was fighting I was like
Anthony uh watcher have you on snapchat
she'll be like the first person see it
she ends up seeing is so anyways I just
said 200k so this is kind of like my
200k special video she featured in it at
least I'm not in my PJs no okay well
we're gonna chill for a little bit we're
not gonna leave ya unless you want to
leave but who are you next to hey what's
your name wait what's your name again
okay okay so there's those are her
cousins my cheese guys she welcomed us
into her house and I have my shoes on
I'm literally going to hell we need to I
feel so disrespectful right now and a
shout out to who is this your friend
Felicia I thought okay and she caught me
by Felicia no I'm sorry
does she watch our videos oh she's just
a close friend
about that because I talk about ok so
shout-out to Felicia bye Felicia
super nice like banks Pink's for
Bosley's buzzing hey what ok guys so
we're about to leave the house right now
don't tickle me okay we're about to
leave the house right now Lucia was nice
enough to let us stay for a little thank
you very much like I said if you want to
check out her YouTube I'll put in the
description below I think the name is
Jenny skater 11 yeah
actually don't follow it because that's
Markieff Morris his number so you have
to change that one but no so yeah well
you could do number two for everybody so
but anyways I hope she enjoys her gifts
yeah thank you you're welcome
and honestly I hope you guys enjoyed the
video this my first time ever like there
have been fans I came to my house but
that's a different concept this is first
time we surprised a fan I'm not wearing
a short sleeve so I can't do this in my
shirt but yeah the point sweetie she
knows everything she the faithful
subscriber but um oh yeah
200 thank you very much I just hit 200k
like beginning of this video I had 199
and the video I have 200 something I
appreciate it thank you very much
and okay which one's better but what's
more our Sherman nation on the spot
termination or shut up meters fine now
you're asking man I have to go for what
squad for this one for watch
yeah where is the best line you tell me
your 99 oh you know all the lighting
angles of your house
guys look how I Drive I made Anthony put
angry grandpa drivers I'm literally
holding my heart from how thankful I am
for 200k subs like if you follow me on
Twitter Instagram then you already saw
how thankful and grateful I was
yesterday but I wanted to mention it in
a video really quick um like I would
have never ever thought myself getting
to 200,000 subscribers and Counting and
like I mentioned before I want to build
the best channel on YouTube for you guys
I want I want everybody to know the name
bruh wat is I want bro Wallace to go
down as a great YouTube channel I want
to fill it up with variety Sports Talk
pranks challenges vlogs reaction videos
sorry finebros but but now honestly i'm
so thankful and like just recording the
small clip at the end of the video can't
even begin to explain how like how much
i love all of you guys guys I think
robot squad is gonna take over the world
not just YouTube I think you guys are
gonna take over the world
um but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and um here's to many more
subscribers here's to many more hundreds
of thousands of subscribers
here's to building the greatest YouTube
channel in history honestly that's what
my goal is and I can't do it without
your guys's help so I love you guys all
bruh wadis I'm out
