I got this guys I got my biology quiz
tomorrow morning and almost 11 p.m. I
haven't even started studying typical
Brandon or wadis if you don't know me
but you want to just like get to know me
in a few words procrastinator you got
something do it I do it at the last
minute you got a test I study at the
last minute you know what my motto is do
today do today literally do today do
today that's my motto
so I'm about to go get me a burrito but
that's not all tomorrow I'm going to be
at school for seven hours seven and a
half hours at school your boy gets
hungry so I'm gonna stop by either
Vaughn's or like pharmacy like CVS or
something and pick up some snacks for
tomorrow I know I just don't know I got
these slips from the post office because
I guess my name isn't um I guess my name
isn't in the peel box because rug signed
up himself so they didn't get my ID and
there's some gifts that they can't get
to rug for whatever reason so I need to
go I don't know when like I don't know I
don't have time because I'm like
tomorrow like I said I'm gonna be at
school for seven to eight hours and like
before school I need to go by four so I
need to go by the fucking target didn't
even have notebooks what kind of folk
target zero out of 10 rating for my
target trip in my last vlog if you guys
saw my last vlog I went to target for
some school supplies they didn't even
have notebooks so um yeah I gotta go to
school
early tomorrow to buy my lab manual for
biology lab and I need to buy some
notebooks because apparently target
doesn't fucking sell notebooks at the
beginning of a college semester so I
don't know what I'll have time to go do
that post office stuff but uh you know
that's the future and I like to focus on
the present and the present means
Brandon is about to go get a burrito
Jesus Christ slow driver oh you wanna
break check me I will hit the fuckin
back of your car I don't even care it's
a 25 speed limit motherfucker
oh you want to go left just like me huh
my god slow drivers i I hate them until
I pass them and then I look at them and
it turns out to be like some 80 year old
grandma then I feel bad yeah I decided
to be smart I was about to get my
burrito first and then get the snacks
but then your boy thought about and the
burrito would get cold and nobody wants
a cold burrito
so there's Vons my oh shit
I must miss the bad guys I need to stop
vlogging and driving I swear I'm just
gonna get some snacks for tomorrow cause
like I said I'm at school for a hell of
a long time and I guess hungry so I
wanna buy some things to eat guys if
you're asking why I'm in the diapers
aisle because I keep using the condoms
that I get sent for fan mail and I
already know you guys poke holes in them
because you guys are evil so I might as
well get ready now I'm just joking I
definitely don't use the condoms that
you guys send me but still my favorite
type of sugar sugar I go in raw oh wait
that says sugar in the raw never mind
man I'm so funny
guys you know I came here for us two
snacks look at this and I've been here
for 40 minutes 4-0 40 minutes you go and
look at the lime lime is through the
aisle I haven't even got me my burrito I
haven't started studying if you look at
88 in the dictionary my face will show
up I'm the definition of an 88
idiot idiot idiot that is what I am so
on top of taking three million years to
pick out some snacks that I ended up
spending $40 on did the lines like what
people first of all my camera needs to
focus but it's like 11 o'clock on a
Monday what are you doing here oh my
gosh
focus maybe if I smile nope
yeah I was in there for legit one hour I
oh my gosh I'm an idiot
okay guys off topic my favorite thing to
do go off-topic when I'm talking I saw
this guy that I play basketball without
the gym and you know I talked to him and
I gave him a fist bump I'm getting it oh
shit wrong way I'm giving this
motherfucker a fist bump and he goes
like this okay easy like I hate when
people go so hard on the bump like I
understand I know you from the gym I
don't know if you're trying to prove a
point that you work out or something but
easy on the fist bump
fucking 11 o'clock on a Monday just give
me a soft you know hey what's a alright
that's it and now it's time to get my
burrito god I'm starving at this point
hey can I get a carne asada burrito with
uh no Mexican salsa and add cheese
please yeah please uh no that's it
thank you guys I have to be extra nice
here because this is a place where rogue
said they spit in his food so you know I
gotta be like extra nice feel like my
mom when she comes back from
shopping now I have to be quiet up on
the sleep oh that wasn't quiet hmm Jesus
burrito and my backpack my god hmm have
I had agreed on a soul on in like two
days
yeah all right so it's time to start
studying but you know I had to get my
cup of pineapple and cup of mangoes cuz
you know I love eating healthy I'm just
joking I only eat these so my you know
what can taste better I'm just joking
okay I need to stop procrastinating I
need to go study so I'm gonna do that
and I'm probably done vlogging for the
night I'll catch up with you guys
tomorrow and let you know how I did on
my quiz on top of studying I also have
to edit this vlog that needs to be up
tomorrow Oh
all right guys it's time for me to get
to work um got no more time to woops
mess around got my notebook right here
and it's time to go to work guys holy
crap so I'm here you know studying about
upload my video and I'm not one to
believe in all the ghost shit that
happens to rug right you know nothing
happens to me up you've heard me make
fun of it before my light is missing the
cover right this shit look it even broke
look this shit um the light was closed
I'm literally watching basketball
studying this motherfucker
hits my brakes by itself hits my TV
falls on the ground holy crap I got the
biggest heart attack in the world listen
that shit happened out of nowhere it
literally broke hit the TV hit the floor
oh my god
I don't even know what to say but
honestly that was pretty creepy I don't
even know what to say I'm just gonna go
back to studying act like nothing
happened
I wanted up you guys fresh out the
shower and it's 9:30 right now my first
class is at 11 o'clock so I got an hour
and a half of time to maneuver I also
had to go to the bookstore because I
need to pick up something for a bio
before class and guys if you don't know
College Bookstore lines are crazy
especially the first week of school
they're absolutely nuts get whatever I
need for a bio and then go to my first
class my first class is history not bio
but you get the point
oh and also I'm a big boy so I gotta aim
before I do all that I think I'm myself
buy a chick-fil-a because I lost time to
make me breakfast not that I make me
breakfast anyways but I just wanted to
say that sound healthy and to give
myself an excuse to get fast food
so yeah brandy you not have time to make
your breakfast just go ahead and grab
some fast food and you're all good look
I almost forgot about all the snacks
that I got yesterday so watch me pack
the snacks for school
right where the k-pax go on the table
did you take anything from the table
okay someone stole my okay
you
350 for this 350 for half of damn
sandwich then you got these are for
Jackie okay
this bag is gonna read honestly uh you
see how to fit it in my backpack huh
I'll get back to you guys I need to try
to fit it in my backpack right guys this
is so weird right now look so like I
packed all the snacks and I remember I
bought KitKat and then I could have
found the cake out on the table
so I asked Brian I was like did you eat
it last night he said no I asked my mom
she said no I texted my dad if he took
it to the store with him because he's
out work and he said no so I was like oh
maybe I'm tripping I didn't even buy
KitKat
but I remember look I sent Jackie a
picture of all the snacks I bought last
night look at the picture okay there's
the picture right look Kate cat right
there next to the Snickers everything
was in the same position on the table
when I came down and there was no KitKat
so either someone's soul and they're
lying or a ghost likes KitKat I don't
know but anyways it's time to go get me
some chick flicks guys I'm like shocked
with it Kit Kat went like now that it's
a big deal but now I'm just like where
would it go like what happened to it I
don't know honestly someone saw my Kit
Kat whether it was the ghost
whether it was rug oh no
so long sucker Bryan has double bags of
shit
yeah he has a Kimbo bags of shit guy
that's what I'm gonna be late and I
didn't even go to the post office like
what was I thinking even saying I was
going to go to the post office I
literally like I haven't even got to
chick-fil-a yet and then i got I gotta
go to chick-fil-a and like I said the
bookstore lines are crazy long and I
gotta buy these books come back I gotta
buy these books and this flat manual for
the quiz and it's already 10 o'clock
right now my class is at 11:00 I'm
selling the way to get food remember
what I said if you looked up idiot in
the dictionary what would happen you
would see my face I'm defining that
again right now this motherfucker
driving super focus
sign of chick-fil-a sauce for catching a
minion with some shit plays boss Gyan it
you go now that's it give me one button
alright you total 345 we love it Linda
thank you my pleasure guys at
chick-fil-a you don't even have to be
nice you don't have to be mean you you
just you know guarantee they're not
gonna spit in your food they're so nice
here like literally every time they give
you your food they're like my pleasure
everything I I'm pretty sure that robots
but I'm not complaining they're so nice
I just love the service that chick force
okay guys so the college is right here I
have to fucking Park all the way in here
by the Home Depot because um yeah I
bought my parking permit yesterday if
you watch my last vlog but I need to
pick it up it does it's not effective
till you pick it up and place a sticker
on your car that's from last semester so
I gotta Park all the way here and then
walk to make matters worse it's already
like 10:15 so if the bookstore line is
long I'm pretty much screwed and I'm
gonna be late to my first class Oh bro
what is what not to do when you go to
college this is what my that's what my
channel should be called
this ain't good it ain't good studying
the terms for my quiz obviously right
before my class they how are you gonna
do purpose why talk about this for life
oh my god are you necessary minutes just
cause me stress cuz we're just having
stress and you go talking about the
suttas annoy stress we're having lunch
talking about the sons now we're not we
were but yeah our quizzes in my 20
minutes or 15 minutes 15 okay guys so we
took the quiz and I honestly I don't
think I did too bad there were only 10
questions it was just a quiz not a test
oh no maybe seven or eight we'll find
out she says she's grating it over the
weekend right now we're doing a lab with
some like food samples everything
because this is a bio with lab so we
have a bio lecture and then we have a
three-hour lab after every lecture so
we're doing a lab right now literally
the guy from grading bad so you want to
say what's up to the blog hey boy
excellent the perks of having a smart
girlfriend you just copied her why could
you blow out the like solution can do
man I do say rather and make fun of you
I know you guys find in the littlest
things to make fun up for what reason
try start the guy from Breaking Bad but
now I'm Bill Nye wait did he die you
know putting that part out there how'd
you do on the quiz ah definitely not
true another ten not bad but I saw
member the wind storm if you watched my
previous vlogs look at this this
whatever it was like a sign or whatever
absolutely collapsed it just collapsed
like out of nowhere also I wanted to
show you guys this so remember how I
told you that
I used to work at a grocery store I'm
not sure which vlog it was but I kind of
explained I used to work at a grocery
store I was a bagger I did some checking
like a cashier and my boss you know was
there majority of the time and you know
my name Brandon we had nametags people
knew who we were
my name was Brandon except when my boss
left boss Billy if you're watching this
I apologize um as soon as my boss left I
would throw on my secret identity
nametag your favorite Hagin worker Eric
Bledsoe I would wear this but yeah this
was my secret identity once all the
managers went home guys I'm finally back
home from that million hours school day
it's time to watch the sons game pick
the food for me and Jackie babe I'm
ending the vlog right here I have to end
the vlog right here because Jackie's
over and I'm ending the vlog right here
because I'm hanging out with my
girlfriend and I haven't seen my family
all day honestly but I hope you guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog on
Thursday this this very special girl
girl from our biology class I think I
have a crush on her she's gonna make a
special guest appearance on my vlog she
said she yeah you'll love her she said
she's gonna be dressed really nice and
everything so tune in on Thursday
actually the white moon girl the vlog
will be up on Friday
open the door cos that blog will be up
on Friday but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed I love you
say goodbye guys when I left to school
this wasn't even open so either rugs
tried this or someone tried it when I
was on guys first game with Earl Watson
as the Phoenix Suns head coach and yeah
I'm still pissed out they fired Jeff
hornacek we need Ben Simmons in Phoenix
that's all I'm gonna say
I told you I hate him but I have to get
credit wanted to do in 30 points and ten
rebounds crazy let me tell drugs 110 130
points and ten results for more Keith
but any starting now yeah he's starting
and Devin Booker has 25 by Devin Booker
no we're down seven with two and a half
minutes left guys look I said D book 25
points Oh Markieff was 30
Booker again oh my god 27 for Booker now
okay Raptors ball up five with one
minute left
here's one second issue whoa no way no
way fuck the NBA fuck this game fuck
this sport I hate the sport of
basketball they're gonna show right here
watch guys to beat the shot clock buzzer
if this play doesn't describe the Sun
season watch watch no way hmm Wow
he just ended the game right there so
nice job Suns Devin Booker had 27
including 10 points in the fourth
Markieff had 30 but another day another
loss
