got this alright so looks like the storm
has calmed I don't know if you noticed
but some of the branches oh there's one
right there some of the branches of the
palm tree fell off which has lasted
years and years and last night they fell
off there was a crazy windstorm I'm not
sure if that's what it's called but I
mean there was not really any rain
involved it was straight win and it
wasn't hot winds it wasn't like a Santa
Ana storm but it was crazy make him play
Bosley get some exercise that boomerang
doesn't work though look behind the
scenes of Brian's snapchat Bosley would
you be a normal dog and go fetch go okay
boss is already over it come on Bosley
finally get it Bosley ah yes trouble
picking it up get a buzzy
get your dumb plane you want it try to
go eight
okay basel here I'm gonna throw the
boomerang ready set
he doesn't pick it up like okay oh yeah
cuz you puts it down with his hand guys
you want to play with it yeah today's
Monday if you're asking why I'm not at
school because I'm only taking classes
Tuesday and Thursday
yeah the Tuesday and Thursdays are
really really long like longer than a
high school day but I'd rather do two
days a week than for like extra-large
like what is the difference all I'm
gonna say that I fit in Magnum before
congrats me careful the night I know I
can't just fucking rip it open
watch out it's not so much bigger than
it just like in one room
well I could probably fit that okay guys
as I was saying the good thing about no
school on Mondays or Wednesdays the
lunch basketball lives on lunchtime
basketball lives on rather than every
day I can still go the days I don't have
school so on yeah that's where I'm
headed right now it's ten o'clock so I
got some time you know to eat and just
record vlog around there's my somewhat
of a breakfast burrito oh no mmm
but um guys though in case you didn't
hear because I know a lot of my subs
don't watch my Broadus NBA show that I
uploaded yesterday I'm gonna briefly go
over what the topic was the Phoenix well
first of all congrats to Devin Booker on
making the three-point contest the
youngest three-point contest participant
NBA history and the first rookie to
participate since Steph Curry which
obviously means he's the next Steph
Curry but um the burning topic was that
the Phoenix Suns fired their head coach
Jeff hornacek if you guys want to watch
my rant then just go check out my bro
Wallace NBA show that I posted yesterday
but if you don't feel like watching it
I'm gonna just keep it simple
Phoenix Suns idiots that's all I'm gonna
say okay I'm recording say why you can't
come to the gym
Bryan said it's his rest day today you
can't have 31 rest days in a row
or guys I'm on my way to the gym when
I've gotta slip in my shoes I need new
basketball shoes okay let me correct
myself I don't need because kid in
Africa coulda ate these but I want new
bass while she was so bad look it's
starting to tear right here I don't know
if you can see the lace is obviously
fucked up and I've just
oh these laces are starting to rip and
book and I've just had these for years
and years so I want new basketball shoes
I'm not sure if I want to custom them
online customise them or pick some up in
the store but it is time to go play
basketball and I'm catch up with you
guys after that okay guys Bosley is
literally such a ho look Bosley he
literally uses me for kisses he's
literally the dog whore me a kiss one
more oh look he just went for my thing
I'm telling you Bosley is a whore so
guys Bosley's out Bosley is so fake he
hates me 23 hours of the day okay
but then when I go to the gym and come
back I'm always sweaty and I smell like
shit Bosley is a dirty
Bosley's really dirty so he loves when
people smell like SH and they're sweaty
so he abuses me right before I take a
shower guys you won't believe it I feel
like a brand-new man like I feel like
I'm in heaven my soul just feels so good
because at the gym yeah I played bond
and I lifted for a little but between
that between my basketball session and
my workout I talked to this guy for
literally an hour venting about the Sun
situation shut up I got so much off my I
literally he just sat there and listened
I vented I mentioned how the Phoenix
Suns are the scum of the NBA I mentioned
how even the Lakers and Sixers looked
down on the Suns and laughs I'm bent
so like I just feel like a new man I
I'm in heaven right now like oh and to
top it off look at this
wings and things pizza sticks best wings
ever I don't even get the wings I just
get the just look just watch speaking of
heaven can I drop it can I drop in falls
all over the carpet look oh my god this
is so good I'm telling you guys I just
want to eat it on one bite boom okay I'm
deciding today's Monday if you guys are
consistent members of the broad squad
you would know that Monday's are the
best days for a basketball you would
know that I usually go back to the gym
to play again after already playing
lunchtime but I'm not sure if I'm going
to do that depends if my girlfriend
wants to hang out she doesn't I'm gonna
go back to the gym and play if she does
then I'm okay with hanging out with her
because I already played a ton of back
for earlier guys look my mom just got
home I'm gonna scare her she just called
myself from the camera listen oh no I
left that Logan's gonna get cold
ah my mom I saw the girl other things
bother come down it's my mom guys looks
fun for me he doesn't even come down so
yes from my mom
watch watch he's coming he's racing down
he's gonna skip the last step Oh
guys look Asli why are you crying you
want to watch the cars from here let's
go okay come fuck alright no one's here
though guys look at all this all these
letters packages I can't wait for my
next peel box opening video that's gonna
be very very soon man
this is love like I appreciate this so
much
and I hope none of you guys drop a
single penny on me because I don't need
you guys to do that I love the letters
and I would love anything that's just
laying around your house that you guys
don't want you feel like I would like I
don't want you guys spending any any
money on me because I feel like that's
not fair to you guys you're already over
it balls I'm gonna close the door let's
go upstairs I need to buy a college
textbook online yes you heard me I need
to buy this textbook from my history
humanities class only like 30 or 35
dollars yeah I have I use Chegg to buy
my college textbooks uh how do I do this
hold on guys
my books right here I got it
expires at the end of the semester all
guys look I was so mad okay so in my
history you see here Phoenix Suns
jerseys I was trying to buy a Devin
Booker Jersey and look I wanted a black
one the alternate ones they only have
LED so in black don't get me wrong got
one Eric Bledsoe Jersey but first I
wanted to get a Devin Booker one um and
so I was going to customize a black one
too and just put Booker on it myself but
you can't even customize the black one
you can only customize purple or white
so and I don't want a pearl or why when
I want a black one the note that the
black ones are nice I swear they have
yeah mom it's their new jerseys they
just came out this year look yeah I like
this and they only what they don't even
on my side they only have blood so but
since the sun's front office like they
have no brain they're the biggest idiots
in the league who knows they might trade
blood so by the trade deadline so I
don't feel safe getting one if state
that you know if they trade blood so
I'll kill myself yeah but yeah so I was
ready to buy devin booker jersey i was
super hyped and i look they only have it
in purple
I don't want purple I wanted a black one
so I guess we wait guys look I have to
pay for that history class that I got
also a lot of people get financial aid
and they don't have to pay for their
classes but I have to pay for my class
wait where do I pay for it
Oh view and pay fees oh I actually need
to purchase a parking permit order I
hate college it takes all my money you
have ordered an automobile parking
permit okay
now where do I pick it up guys when that
glove comes on Bosley knows he's about
to get a massage for so long
lift your arm what kind of dog is so
dirty that you have to wear a glove to
pet Bosley you're filthy
okay your other arm uh-huh good boy good
boy let me see your teeth no no gala
party
wait wait wait wait wait wait get a
posit no no look look we're gonna go to
Petco and what the hell is this but my
dad is watching the air big gangam style
what is this I'm debating if I mom
should I go back to the gym to play more
basketball really I think so otherwise
you sitting here pissing on blood soup
does it no I don't cut some blood so
only on Brandon Knight and Markieff
Morris I'm either gonna edit my vlog
right now or go play bass on edit like
@midnight guys after the gym when I was
downstairs I was just like on my phone
and I started getting a bunch of tweets
and like YouTube comments saying I think
I just saw you on TV I just saw you on
ESPN and I was like what the heck are
they talking about I thought like there
was a segment ESPN like crazy psycho
Phoenix Suns fan uh something about like
Markieff Morris or something about my
reactions going crazy it turns out that
no it wasn't that drastic but I was on I
was shown on ESPN if you guys know the
show pardon the interruption it's a TV
show that comes on every single day two
dudes they debate a bunch of Sporting
News and they were talking about Jeff
hornacek getting fired and in one clip I
was in the background of the son's game
of course they caught me yawning dad
this was the first time I ever went to
Phoenix for the son's game and like yeah
I was I went I was with Lawrence but
Lawrence wasn't shown in the clip it was
just me i'ma show to you guys right here
I think honestly it was so cool i watch
and I'm just like I made it I'm on ESPN
I can die happy now what happened to the
songs well then
please Tony this is why Steve Nash who
the sons are interested in why would you
be he's your franchise all-time player I
don't know that you should go back there
this is why Steve Nash who the sons are
interested in why would you be he's your
franchise's all-time player all right
bro odd squad I've made my decision and
this dude right here the student named
Brandon is giving you an example of what
not to do while you're in college okay
so I have my first ever biology quiz
tomorrow
you know school just started last week
but for some reason I have a quiz
tomorrow and it's on a lab that we did
so you know a study right at 6 p.m. I've
already been to the gym I started
editing my video you know I just dig all
myself out the way so we got a study
right wrong again
my Elise hogs can my other pair of socks
double talks on gotta find my
bachelorhood because this dude is going
to the gym after already going there for
four hours earlier I played ball for
three hours I lifted some shoulders and
abs for one hour you know I was there
for four hours and now I'm go back to
play some more basketball you wonder I
don't build any muscle I play so much
basketball I lose so much weight that
it's nearly impossible to put on weight
put on any muscle mass I'm telling you
Monday's are too good for a basketball
like I get so tempted to play I'll
probably regret it tomorrow when the
quiz gets handed in front of me and I'm
like no I'm just joking I'm gonna study
I'm out when I get back from the gym I'm
going to shower I'm gonna study edit the
rest of my vlog and also I know you guys
are you nosy nosy subscribers are
interested in how I do in college so on
I'm gonna let you guys know how I do on
the quiz
whenever I get my results I'm not sure I
got to focus on taking it first so yeah
tomorrow I got a quiz me and Jackie
she's being a good girl she's staying at
home studying right now while I'm about
to go to the gym but yeah catch up with
you guys later
look at this trick I do so do you see
all these cars you know like all of this
I'm trying to go right watch what I'm
gonna do so
okay you'll see the line watch okay look
at all these cars piled up backed up
watch it I'm gonna do so look at all of
these cars waiting for the stop sign
like the idiots that they are okay oh
shit I'm gonna hit the sidewalk okay so
you pass all of them right okay I legit
just passed like 15 cards you make a
right turn okay once you make that right
turn watch you bust a you a right here
ah you almost oh shit you almost hit the
sidewalk which I literally almost did
and then you see all the cars waiting in
the line hoping that they saw what you
just did and then you go watch and learn
boys watch and learn okay time to go to
the gym after I run into this car just
joking um oh shit actually almost did
who gave me my license you deserve to be
fired from the DMV go by the stop sign
you got a stop sign nope well thanks for
letting me go
okay guys if you see no this isn't the
gym this is target tarjay Jesus Christ
this cars an idiot guys I feel bad for
whoever has to drive with me I'm pretty
sure they all get a heart attack or like
sweat their armpits hell yeah if you're
wondering why I'm target I'm at Target I
left that oh my god I missed a parking
right there and target parking is always
full watch I'm not gonna find parking
for a while but if you're wondering why
I'm at Target guys I get sidetracked so
eat what the hell I just got sidetracked
again I get sidetracked so easily about
everything um what's it guys can I pick
does anyone have a handicap parking pass
I'll pay you a lot of money for it oh my
gosh I keep getting sidetracked every
time I'm trying to say something I get
sidetracked and I started talking about
something else
anyways I left my house early before
they started playing basketball because
I need to come to the gym because one
week into my don't you dare one week
into my college semester and I still
don't have notebooks I've been writing
on pieces of paper so I came to buy some
notebooks pens whatever I'm a week late
but it's fine as long as I get them I'm
Gucci
um groan I hate people who don't know
how to drive with a passion but um yeah
like I said I got a quiz tomorrow so I'm
headed to the gym right now play some
ball come back edit my vlog and study
for my bio quiz tomorrow I've never
taken a science class in college so that
quiz should be interesting watch me Jack
this parking spot from this person once
alright honey don't mind if I do oh oh
all right time to go get some school
supplies the fry go play ball 8:54 two
pencils those pencils better make me get
an a-plus on every single quiz I put
that pencil to paper two doesn't matter
how much I study for 850 for two pencils
shit motherfuckers that are making an
a-plus on every single test
49 cents for 100 index cards I don't
even need these but this is the deal of
the century so I'm taking one anyways
look at this book F in exams it shows
all the wrong answers to a lot of test
questions I'm pretty sure Anthony
fuckboys the author of this book Anthony
I'm pretty sure you wrote this book
$2.99 for 8/10 now that's more like it
look guys 1699 for this it literally
does the same exact thing that Bosley
does so I paid $400 for Bosley when I
could have got something that does
exactly the same as Bosley except this
shark probably likes me more than Bosley
does for $16.99 look that's literally
what Bosley does all day I could have
saved 300 something dollars instead I
paid 400 for a dog that does exactly
what a stuffed animal does thanks Bosley
growph the target drove to the gym
played hours and hours and hours of
basketball came back home and my dad is
literally in the same exact spot Bosley
what
don't worry I'll just at the gym all
right guys I'm gonna wrap the vlog up
right here because as much as I'd love
to keep filming as much as I'd love to
keep vlogging for you guys your boy has
a biology quiz tomorrow like I told you
so um I gotta get to studying and not
only studying but it's 10:00 p.m. and I
haven't even started editing this vlog
screw you basketball and and screw you
heart for how much you love basketball
um so yeah I mean wish me luck on my bio
quiz like I said I've never taken
biology in college so I don't know I'm
kind of nervous but at the same time it
shouldn't be too bad I just got to study
and I got to go to school actually early
tomorrow because I need to buy the
biology textbook I haven't bought that
yet so on by the time you guys are
watching this vlog by the time it's
uploaded I'm gonna be in class taking
the quiz so wish me luck and I love all
you guys for watching I hope you enjoy
your Tuesday and I love you guys all
peace out
