what is going on bro watch squad Brandon
here aka bruh wadis and this is the bruh
wadis NBA show a lot of you guys are
familiar with it but at the same time a
lot of my subscribers don't enjoy
watching it but I'm gonna do it because
this is what I love to do I was planning
on making this video after I got back
from the gym but there's just so much
inside me that I have to let it out like
this shows come I know it's the bruh
wadis NBA show but this one is mainly
related to the Phoenix Suns two major
Phoenix Suns news came out last night
the first being Devin Booker is headed
to the three-point competition and this
makes him the youngest NBA player in NBA
history to play in the three-point
contest 19 years of age this makes him
the first rookie since Steph Curry to
participate in the three-point contest
and only the fourth rookie ever to be in
it um this kid is gonna be special and
I'm not just saying this because he's
going to the three-point contest which
is I was so hyped like I dropped my
phone I started jumping I was like fuck
yeah like the Phoenix doesn't have a
representative and it's it's their
future star I mean I love Devin Booker
and on a side note this has nothing to
do with the three-point contest he led
all rookies in scoring for the month of
January that's 31 days he averaged 18
points a game 18 points a game
and this kid is special I mean I love
Devin Booker I love it's game he leads
all rookies in three-point shooting
percentage he's man I was I can't tell
you like I can't begin to tell you how
excited I was when I found out he was
going to a three-point contest
I'm telling you all like I talk so much
about Devin Booker and I get a bunch of
comments saying stop hyping him ah bah
bah you could believe me or you can look
these things up yourself like I do all
this research on him and it
he's just man Devin Booker is gonna be
special that's all I'm gonna say but
here's the main reason that I even
decided to do the bruh wadis NBA show
today so I'm laying in my bed at around
12:30 midnight later than midnight this
is 3:30 a.m. on the east coast you know
half the world is asleep 90%
the world is sleeping and you know I get
a notification okay the Phoenix Suns
have fired head coach Jeff hornacek and
I'm sitting in my bed and I'm just like
are you fucking kidding me
like and then I go I'm like you know
Facebook because I'm in like some
Phoenix Suns groups and I just gone like
Twitter because I have a lot of Suns
fans and everyone's like yes finally
he's gone that idiot is fired you know
people were happy are you guys stupid
let me just go over my thoughts on this
did I expect Jeff hornacek to get fired
yes I'm not delusional just cuz I like
him doesn't mean he's gonna say I knew
he was gonna get fired
I knew it was a matter of time and let
me tell you why I'm completely against
this first of all the season is gone
down the drain it's gone down the toilet
the season's over 14 wins and 35 losses
the two wins over the past month
um the season's over it makes no sense
to fire a coach at this point they
should have let him end the season and
then let him go at the end of the year
in May this just causes more questions
than answers like now you're forced to
select when your assistant coaches to
coach the rest of the year and then
you're forced to pick another head coach
after the season this is uh like I said
did I expect him to get fired yes did I
want him to no expecting and wanting is
two different things just like do I
expect the sons to win the championship
yes do I want I mean do I expect the
sons when the chairmanship no do I want
them to yes Jeff hornacek is a good head
coach this is like a sign now I know him
I know his wife and I know his daughter
I've met them at the NBA Summer League
I've met him like three times but I met
his family once he's a great person and
I know that alone doesn't make a good
head coach but he knows his stuff he
knows his basketball it's not his fault
he had to coach a bunch of idiots think
about trying to coach a player like
Markieff Morris think about trying to
coach a guy with such low basketball IQ
like Brandon Knight I mean it would be
tough for anybody to coach this group
except unless you're Gregg Popovich like
Jeff hornacek his first year first year
ever as a head coach he wins 48 games 48
games and almost makes the playoffs the
next year he won 40 you know there was
some egos going around joggers didn't
want to play
there Isiah Thomas didn't like coming
off the bench okay and then you give him
this shit roster this roster that was
set up to lose Bledsoe's out for the
whole year
Tyson Chandler signed this huge contract
and hasn't done shit Markieff Morris is
throwing towel literally I'm not making
like a some sort of metaphors that he's
throwing towels literally at the head
coach's face and oh let's fire the head
coach I mean my I love the Phoenix Suns
that's my team that's where my heart is
my heart belongs to the Phoenix Suns but
I'm gonna call them out when they do
something stupid and this is something
stupid like Jeff hornacek is a good
coach I can't wait till he coaches
another team and makes the playoffs I
can't wait till possibly he ends up
winning a championship one day let me
tell you where let me tell you where I
kinda like saw his fall I kind of saw
his flaw right here he didn't have the
respect of the team if you don't know
what I mean
watch Gregg Popovich okay he'll look at
his players and they'll be like oh shit
I did something wrong you know I need to
fix up Jeff hornacek was kind of laid
back you know he's just like standing
there like giving second chances all
that but okay so that's a fault because
you got to be tough as a head coach you
saw Tom Thibodeau in Chicago he was
honest guys but let me tell you this
this isn't kindergarten this isn't
middle school why do you have to be
tough on guys you would think and I'm
sure this was Jeff hornacek mindset that
if you were kind of laid back and gave
guys they're second chances that in your
20s and ages 30 you would be mature
enough to know like oh wow this this
guy's laid-back let me play hard for him
like this guy's really cool he's not
yelling in my face he's giving me
another chance let me go out and play
hard for him but instead the pathetic
Phoenix Suns players took advantage of
him and now he's ending up without a job
um Jeff hornacek go to Hawaii go to the
Bahamas you deserve a vacation you were
forced to coach this team that was made
up of idiots it's made up of a bunch of
idiots it was set up to lose flustered
with injuries and you you get fired Jeff
go take a vacation you need it
I can't wait till you get hired by
another team I love Jeff hornacek I'm
completely against this move but I did
expect it so I'm kind of like I'm
getting over it but if you can't tell
I'm pissed I mean I knew Jeff I'm not
gonna say he's my friend but I knew him
as a person I met him multiple times if
only Jeff hornacek had players that
played like him if you remember he used
to play for the Suns a while back he
played with so much heart he played with
so much hustle he was a good player if
only he had players that played like him
um after the season I read that the Suns
are gonna go after Mark Jackson Tom
Thibodeau Kevin McHale Luke Walton I
just read today that the Phoenix Suns
want to make Steve Nash their head coach
I love Steve Nash but come on that's if
you make Steve Nash your head coach
that's just proof all you care about is
ticket sales and and a reason for fans
to be more into the team I understand
it's a business but you gotta get a
proven head coach you gotta get one that
has a history of winning look what Mark
Jackson did he turned the Warriors
around in one year look at Kevin McHale
he's a great coach I just don't know
what the Phoenix disasters are gonna be
doing yeah I'm calling them they're not
the Phoenix Suns this year there they
are the Phoenix disasters the one bright
spot Devin Booker proud of him Congrats
to my boy D book out of Kentucky one
last little segment just so this isn't
all Suns news I just want to talk a
little bit about the all-star game
Dirk Nowitzki and Damian Lillard snubs
they both did rip I mean okay Damian
Lillard for sure he was a snub he
deserves to be an all-star I'm not
knocking Anthony Davis but he's been
injured half the year and his team is at
the bottom of the conference but then
again he's a great player LaMarcus
Aldridge though like I understand the
Spurs are doing great but they got Kawhi
in the game LaMarcus he's I don't know
he's previously yeah he's a hell of a
player a hell of an all-star I don't
know about this year though Dirk Dallas
is six seed in the West and they got
zero all-stars so I think they deserved
one but yeah Damian Lillard has led this
Portland team that completely tore down
there like one or two games out of the
playoffs so I think he deserves to be in
it in the East uh I'm not sure I mean I
think Jimmy Butler should have started
but it's Dwayne Wade you can't complain
about that Wade has deserved it
Isaiah Thomas made it my boy you can
argue that Kyrie Irving got snow but at
the same time he missed a bunch of games
so that um I gotta go to the gym now
I'll get my shoes on go to the gym I
hope you guys enjoyed this bro artists
NBA show Sons
you're killing me this year you are
killing me 14 straight losses on the
road two and 20 in your last 22 games
man I love all you guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this double upload enjoy the
rest of your Monday and if you're in
school right now stay up but I'll be
there tomorrow so I shouldn't be talking
peace out guys guys now that I'm I'm
back from the gym if you can't Tom a
little sweaty I just want to add on to
the video because I made it seem like oh
nothing was jeff hornacek fault it's all
the players fault all the front office
no the the fall of the Phoenix Suns over
the past two years everyone is to blame
including the head coach does he have as
much blame that people give him like oh
I hate Jeff hornacek fire him and the
Suns will be good again no but as much
as I love him you could put some of the
blame on him the blame starts from the
bottom to the topic it goes from the
owner the GM the coach the players it
falls on everybody um but yeah I just
wanted to add that so yeah I do love
Jeff hornacek but I'll give I give
respect where it's due and I also give
criticism Wade's do Jeff hornacek did
have some flaws but I'm a bigger support
of him than a lot of other Suns fans are
anyways yeah I love all you guys and uh
that's about was fun today enjoy your
Monday that I'm gonna leave it at that
