I got this mirza fuck tucker you dumbass
ah 75 phoenix 76 dallas five and a half
to go so for whoever missed my reaction
videos perfect time for one right now if
you're wondering how the suns are so
closed Dirk Nowitzki's out by for the
Suns Eric Bledsoe Brandon Knight and TJ
Warren are all out so there's no excuses
for Dallas Dallas scores Suns down by
three guys the Suns I've lost 13 games
in a row on the road third worst streak
in Phoenix Suns history guys so really
quick just so quick update on how the
Sun season has been going so far 14 wins
and 34 losses okay in their last 21
games they've won two and lost 19
they've lost 13 in a row on the road
Bledsoe is out for the whole year their
best player Brandon Knight their second
leading scorer has missed I think the
past five games including this one
TJ wanted their best player off the
bench is out the master scored the Suns
are down by 4 this season has been a
disaster and honestly I like I'd like to
see the Suns lose games at this point to
hire their draft pick but the Mavericks
at Dirk Nowitzki on purpose just for a
rest so that's kind of a hit of
disrespect to the Sun so I want to see
the Suns win this game down by 5 with 4
minutes that ball
holy shit this camera has such bad luck
hey he's using that arm what they really
call the foul on Devin Booker Felton
he's using that arm what the fuck
look our coach is literally laughing
Booker is laughing look at this watch
look at that oh my god
fuck NBA refs Devin Booker man he is
something special he has I'm not
mistaken he has 19 points tonight Felton
hits both the Suns are down by 7 they
scored zero points ever since I turned
that camera on guys oh my god I can't
stand to see Markieff Morris on my TV
screen
it's literally like Suns miss again zero
points ever since I turned that camera
on yeah Devin Booker has 19 points
tonight
but that's not it 19 tonight I turn to
put the camera out there the sun's
fucking turn it over ever since I turned
the camera on zero point zero points
offensive foul okay guys like I'll sing
you want to look at Devin Booker's past
couple games 19 21 16 13 15 24 32 these
are all points this kid is the youngest
player in the whole entire NBA 19 years
old he's phase drugs age
he's over here droppin 32 points 24 20
21 16 like I'm not lying when I say the
kid is gonna be something special you
could call me delusional or you can look
at the Statue cells you can watch and
play yourselves the kid is gonna be good
anyways the Sun go down by seven with
like three minutes left I wanted to do a
good reaction video for you guys but
honestly the camera kind of screwed me
over the bad luck camera God Sonny Weems
in the game Markieff Morris
'yes lord help my eyes what am I
watching
okay Markieff if you make both of these
free throws all only 99% of my heart
will hate you but 1% won't right now
hundred percent hatin my god dad ever
since I turned my camera off ever since
I took my camera on we have zero points
Oh
Marquis makes one guess all your so
piece of shit fuck you Markieff I can't
wait trade deadline is in two three
weeks Markieff will be off our team oh
my god I can't wait you need to stop
here you need a stop Oh
Deron Williams I forgot this was fucking
2010 you mother fuck 24 points for a
deal will are you kidding me
PJ Tucker is the only player on the team
that hustles I swear on my life PJ
Tucker the only player on the team that
plays with any hard I'm done I'm did you
guys see Deron Williams just hit a three
from 300 feet behind the three-point
line like I said every over-aged veteran
has their career games against the Suns
it happened with Dan Williams happened
with Dwayne Wade a couple weeks ago look
at this imagine if we were facing Vince
Carter you would have a 50 point game
right now dad
sons are up by five and the four they're
down by 11 ever since I turned my camera
on we scored one point one point posit
where you going I'm not in the mood
right now oh he's gonna go to my trash
watch
I knew it cuz there's KFC chicken in
there buzzer you fat so yeah the sun's
lost yeah the Sun suck ass yeah the
sun's are a piece of Bryant shit but but
I can't complain out a loss like I said
every loss at this point gets us one
step closer to a top three pick in the
NBA Draft and any true Suns fan knows
that we need a franchise player yeah we
have Bledsoe but he's 26
we have Devin Booker who's looking real
nice but we haven't had a top three pick
in a couple of decades honestly it's
been years and years and years since
we've had a high draft pick so on yeah I
don't even know what more reaction I
could do to this we're down 11 with a
minute and a half Dan Williams looks
like the second coming of Jesus Christ
I'm not ago see my girlfriend embrace
the tank go get Ben Simmons sons we need
some luck Marky for three miss guys like
have you ever one time heard me say
Marky for three or marking flip the shot
and it ends with make or yes no never
funny thing is I used to like Markieff
Morris last year before he started this
bitch fit and turned into a little girl
19 points seven rebounds four assists
for the future star of the Phoenix Suns
guys I'm telling you get the hell get
rid of Brandon Knight and just start
Devin Booker at shooting our next season
we don't need grant and I he's ass guys
when I turned the camera on 75 to 76 now
look we scored one point in for a minute
oh my gosh
oh let's see this play for the sake of
nothing Oh Markieff
I love Markieff the sun's better keep
him past the trade deadline Jesus the
left hand flush Oh now everybody wants
to start trying cute signs cute
oh man I love Markieff guys at the end
of the third Phoenix at 69 points 78
they scored nine points this quarter
nine the Phoenix Suns scored nine one
two three four five six seven eight nine
points in the whole quarter in an NBA
game wow this is tragic 23 to 9 fourth
quarter for Dallas believe
the Suns are up by five in the fourth
and they lose by 13 but what's new
another game another Phoenix on lost and
this dude right here bro wadis is
completely used to it of course my dad's
happy Jesus Christ mom who's Jesus it's
Jesus dad this isn't fair you're a
Lakers fan you're supposed to go through
the same pain as me look at Bosley oh he
moved ok I'm out guys bye isn't this is
in this rain weather I mean isn't this
rain outfit I'm warm guys guys so you
know that phrase always listen to your
mom or or mama is always right however
the hell it goes I am freezing and Brian
took my parking spot earlier so I have
to walk to my car it's like four houses
down holy shit I better have an extra
gym I better have an extra jump in my
car because honestly no way come on
please please yes I knew it I knew I
left my jacket in here See Mom it is
good to leave shit all around your car
cuz they come in handy thanks for
calling
and that's going to be it Brandon tell
me about ten minutes or so
alright thank you hey welcome okay guys
she was definitely not part of the broad
squad because she asked for my name
everyone who's part of the broad squad
has to know that my name is Brandon aka
bruh wadis but uh yes I'm about to go to
Jackie's house right now pick up some
food in case you didn't know the kid's
meal was for Jackie but uhm yes yes
thank the Lord Jesus thank the Lord
Jesus Christ the car in front of me that
was driving so fucking slow just made a
left and I'm going straight so no more
slow car in front of me I can go back to
my reckless driving wave another slow
car came in front of me right when I was
rejoicing
guys so on any music fan or focused
camera focus any music fan or should I
say Drake fan knows that views from the
6 was supposed to come out a while ago
he's been or not him but people have
been hyping it up for months now and it
still hasn't released
there were also big-time rumors that it
was going to come out in January and
like some people believe that some
people didn't but then OBO sound started
a tweeting or like hinting like Oh tune
in a 3 p.m. on January whatever which
was yesterday
so everyone assumed it was going to be
the views from the six album and
honestly Drake Drizzy you dropped a
single so all that like you know
everyone's been waiting and that ovo
sound comes like Oh tune in January this
at 3:00 p.m. so everyone's like all
right views is dropping and the single
comes out like I don't know like you
can't say you were disappointed only
because the song actually goes hard look
I'm gonna play you a little bit of it I
can't play too much obviously because of
copyright so yeah Drake is lucky that
the song ended up being straight fire or
else people would have bashed and for
not dropping his views but yet it is
time to go pick up the food from
Fuddruckers if it's not ready imma hop
in the kitchen and take the burgers off
the grill anyways because I want to go
see my girlfriend so let's get down
this would have been perfect to prank
Jackie I could have like done something
to her burger but she would have killed
me so i'ma hold off on that
me and Jackie both just want
got the worst pieces of lettuce I swear
why when I might changes no no
Oh
you forget song and paper
whoops
so much pepper
oh my god it's so cool just like Jackie
Starbucks chains a half conversation for
Jackie it's mine now taste too good
come on so beautiful guys I got the
dreaded text that every boyfriend dreads
not the I'm on my period babe not that
one thank God I caught the one where
Jackie said she found a new show so now
I'm gonna be stuck here for hours
watching the show but at least that
means Netflix and chill so I'm not
complaining too bad the show called
following
guys oh my god it's the land is so bad
look I want you guys to listen I'm gonna
open the door just listen and like man
it's so bad I want it holy crap yeah I'm
not gonna vlog wouldn't that is here
wait what do you think of the storm
oh my mom said God God is mad guys on my
way back from Jackie's house I saw
street signs fell on the floor tree
branches everywhere it literally looks
like the world is ending and Baz is over
here in a deep sleep we having the best
dream of his life while everyone is
freaking out guys you can hear well
Bosley and my dad the same my dad is in
the segment you can hear the huge like
wind blowing from inside our house it's
crazy time to re-watch the game while I
edit my vlog guys you know how in the
son's game the fourth quarter they only
scored nine points did you know that
every single one of those nine points
were scored by Markieff Morris so every
other player on the Suns had zero points
in the fourth nine points in the fourth
all scored by Markieff he's the only Son
player that scored in the fourth that's
fucking embarrassing pathetic shameful I
don't even know what to say
come here Ben Simmons come to Phoenix
okay guys so pretty late last night
which is unusual two huge Suns news came
up I saw them on on my phone I have like
an NBA Twitter where I follow a bunch of
reporters the first set of news was that
around 9:00 or 10:00 p.m.
Devin Booker is headed to the
three-point competition and I was so
fucking hot I was like no like I was at
Jackie's house and I was like no way
like Devin Booker deserves it he uh he
leads all rookies and three-point
shooting
and not to mention this is a secret fact
he leads all rookies in scoring for the
month of January Devin Booker not a top
3 pick not the number 1 pick not a top
five pick not even a top ten pick 13th
pick in the draft doing all these things
he's the youngest player ever to
participate in the three-point
competition and he's the first rookie
since Steph Curry to be headed there um
also the second set of news which came
out three in the morning Eastern Time
midnight over here the Phoenix Suns
fired Jeff hornacek their head coach
idiots that's I'm gonna leave it short
Phoenix Suns idiots um the reason I'm
keeping it so short with these topics
you know I can go on for not just days
not just weeks I can go on for me for
years about Phoenix Suns news the reason
I'm keeping it so short with this vlog
is because I'm posting a Broadus NBA
show later today about those two topics
and maybe a little bit more um so tune
in if you're interested in hearing my I
don't know if I wanna call it a rant or
if I just want to call it me reacting to
the news tune in later to the bravados
NBA show yes that means it's going to be
a double upload day for you guys but um
right now it's time to go play some
lunchtime basketball yes it's Monday but
I'm taking classes Tuesday and Thursday
so I get Monday Wednesday and Friday off
I love all you guys robot squad thank
you for tuning in I'll catch you guys
later
