got this guy's mom do you remember the
broadest cooking show when I tried to
bake the cookies
yeah well today is the very first
episode of cooking with Papa rug or
should I say Papa bro water he says he
says he's making me an omelet so he has
the oil ready right here my dad hates
when I make breakfast because something
always goes wrong so first we got Crisco
pure canola oils because my family
thinks they're healthy but at the end of
the day I'm not sure that's true at
least not on Miami
true Kate is almost gonna include tomato
honey roasted smoked turkey breast and
triple cheddar and I want some Bosley
Bosley can I get some pug meat for my
omelet but yeah my dad is gonna throw it
down in the kitchen
and he's going to show you how it's done
also it's it's 11 something right now
and I have my hair cut at 12 so I can't
wait for that obviously my dad doesn't
tell anyone cuz he plays it off that he
doesn't care what he looks like
but I swear he ran upstairs to go change
I know you did dad my dad plays it off
like oh I don't care what I'm wearing
and then he goes ups your secret to
change bars oh no oh God
dad did they say a storm is coming again
but not as bad as last time right who
were adding onions and then to go to the
gym after dad
jobs on yeah I only want this in the
omelet
oh just a little bit of onion cuz I
don't want to talk to my barber with my
breath no no no no no no no no for you
you can you can make that for your
omelet no no dad I don't eat that
guys I don't eat a jalapeno no way oh
man if only the Warriors lost yesterday
they should have lost yeah that would
have been that that really would have
been the biggest upset in regular-season
history guys look I texted my dad the
video the Harrison Barnes game-winner
and I said no because I was rooting for
the underdogs he said what do you mean
no they almost lost that Sixers I said
yeah Sixers were down by 15 in the
fourth and came back they should have
won he said I kill you I mean it I would
call you tonight oh okay but that's how
you say I said if you don't speak
English I'm not texting you okay but I
read English you didn't speak English
okay - she is of onion - is of onion -
she is - she is Josh's okay dad first
you can't type English now you can't
speak English garlic garlic okay that's
all yeah go ahead
song song
that how many comments do you think are
going to say wow this made me so hungry
before you guys remember the my bro
waters cooking show that started right
here it didn't end too well so my dad is
putting me to shame right now a little
bit of light a little bit of why i'ma
drop my camera inside the pan huh I say
Turkey
so okay so you chopped the turkey now
okay so so far you have turkey onion
garlic salt and pepper wash the tomatoes
wash the tomato I guess oh yeah guys
it's my dad's only day off of the week
today on Sundays but he throws it down
in the kitchen on Sundays so it's like
he's working a little more chop
wait dad I want to put it put it in the
stove
I mean in the pan yeah you want to put
it oh gosh no I need to think
okay so now we're throwing it over there
don't even think about this but no way
for your omelet for your omelet yes oh
yeah
all right for the eggs Ted you don't put
them in a plate first okay so my dad
does this his own way this is what makes
the cooking with Papa rocks special hmm
guys you guys think I'm recording so I
can have a video for today I'm only
recording to make sure my dad doesn't
prank me and put anything in the
homeless all right dad I wanted to add
pug instead of Turkey I want pug
substitute Lizzie you're gonna have
breakfast too dad what do you think of
the name that I call my subscribers did
you watch my last vlog yeah you said the
watch my dad is gonna be able to say it
try it brah squad now now brah okay
what's my name on YouTube growl wadis
hey brah squash robots Y robot squad oh
you know how Brian's face reality calls
his Rugrats Anthony the most basic
Sherman the vermin II called Sherman
nation
ultra me bruh wadis robot squad okay so
the one when the omelet looks almost
ready that I'll put the cheese now I'll
put the cheese
I'll put it don't this is the least I
can do for cooking me such a nice
breakfast okay watch out that it's
coming oh my god go go go go go I love
cheese okay okay okay okay
Oh
dad Suns at maps today yeah Wario's up
filling no warriors and Nick pawsley
guys look at this look at his leg on the
left doesn't it look like a chicken
drumstick look hey bud Lee looks good
don't leave the flame on the house burns
down ok guys so here is the omelet 3
cheese egg tomato onion garlic salt
Turkey and pepper nice no not me you
look nice now okay you can you can eat
something small mom here okay when did
Jackie uh kind of late yesterday buzz
Liam is Brian he's coming back today
guys I can't wait to get my hair cut dad
it's been eight days not seven eight I
don't know how I'm so alive honestly dad
come on with some Arabic pita bread if
you're not Middle Eastern you might
struggle to know what that is guys then
I add some of my own pepper behind my
dad's bad and some of my own salt maybe
a kidney so on okay guys before I eat I
just wanted to let you guys know that
after I eat I my haircut appointment I'm
gonna go get that straight from there
I'm gonna go to the gym and just workout
just lift like I said people don't
really play ball on the weekends I could
shoot around because it's going to be
empty but no one really plays
competitive games any pickup games guys
whose whose breakfast looks better at
minor bugs
leave a comment below which one looks
better okay and then i'ma come back home
after the jam and edit this video vlog
whatever you want to call it cooking
with Papa rug and the food looks good
and I'm dying to eat so now it's time to
go
tonight oh well huh yeah mm look at that
tax was so good yeah oh yeah oh no
thanks dad this might be a Sunday thing
cooking with big Ron so just remember
not to wake up with the first pajamas
that you were wearing okay no it was
worse the tight ones oh no mom I know
you know how he said no you know he says
he doesn't care like what people think
about him like he doesn't show it he
literally right when I saw the camera I
saw him secretly go upstairs I can't
cook with a roll oh but what about the
the pajamas you're weighing guys since
my family's Middle Eastern except junior
junior looks white Junior come here yeah
I know
I think juniors adopted look at this he
looks nothing like us the nose is
different the eyes are blue but all my
older part of my family was born back
home back in the Middle East so they're
gonna struggle to say the Bravard squaw
okay you already heard my dad mom what's
the name of my subscribers Asif what
okay red jaw right dad don't worry I
won't put you saying any bad words so
you can cuss if you want but I want you
to them with broll odd squad
hatred ah bro odd squad I'm serious
no no not go wide throw a jab okay
that's a cuss word in my language she
loved she loved bad words
look red-eyed it look okay you nail it
you're not fucking you okay guys I'm
gonna get my grandma to try to say bro
odd squad oh come it's on sale for how
much yawn okay guys there's my beautiful
grandma you on okay
yo I'm so lazon marry to Jammu Babu Raja
so laughing I met bro watch squad
haha bro odd squad Yaya duck shimmy
shimmy robot squad
oh ah for watch squad a little glass no
no no the middle happy there I wanna
marry the left quo right Joshi said
better than you your best already know
she thinks I'm making her say a bad word
no um it's it's a shimma Danny to come
Fred Julie Rogers Jr adopted
okay so I said I was going to go to the
gym to lift try it I went there put my
gloves on I didn't even bring my
basketball shoes got my gloves on I'm
drinking my like amino acids
I hit a set of pull-ups you know eight
reps I look with the corner of my eye
there's people playing basketball I
don't fuck this dropped everything went
to a basketball court that tells the
story obviously I lifted after but I
wasn't even supposed to play basketball
today but I just get so tempted I love
the sport of basketball
I saw people playing and now I got next
to tempted he knows you laughing I just
got a car wash
two days ago and look good day guys good
day I come home from the gym and rug is
back from Vegas and first thing I see
you guys can't see it because this cars
in the way rug is parked in my parking
spot so now in this rain I got a walk
from here to my house fuck you rug guys
I did get a haircut but everybody who's
serious about haircuts knows that you
can't ever judge a haircut until after
you shower and clean up a bit so I
shaved as you see then I'm not helping
the shower and then I'll show you what
my haircut looks like boom okay guys so
here it is pretty much like a medium
skin taper to on the sides and around
the back that you guys can't see the
skin and then the two then the top I
didn't even say number I just wanted to
leave it long so on yeah that's my hair
and I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I
love you all and tune in for tomorrow's
video I'm not sure what its gonna be yet
whether it's a vlog challenge just
whatever I momma have upload tomorrow so
on peace out bro wat squad and enjoy
your Sunday Hawaii I forgot something at
3:45 p.m. right now I knew there was
something going on at 4 o'clock what is
it oh yeah it's time for the sun's to
lose yet another game Phoenix Suns at
Dallas Mavericks if you guys can see um
I don't even expect anymore wings at
this point so on Phoenix Suns can't wait
to watch another loss the only thing I
watch for now is the development of
Devin Booker TJ Warren and maybe Alex
Len but uh yeah this season is like
imagine this is a toilet so this is the
bottom of the toilet the season went
right down right there guys really quick
I just wanted to let you guys know how
inspiring and motivating this month of
January was for me as you guys know it's
January 31st so the last day of the
month and I was looking at my statistics
for this month and I just wanted to let
you know that it's truly like
like amazing is just like that's that's
the only way to describe it I got I
pulled in thirty five thousand
subscribers in this month alone giving
me a total of 197 thousand subscribers
we're this close away from 200k I told
you guys I'm planning a prank but that's
not the point the point is two hundred
thousand subscribers is me like in this
head I would have never ever thought no
matter how big my brother is no matter
if I had a friend with 10 billion
subscribers out and never thought that
myself would hit 200k um I got in this
month one hundred and forty two thousand
likes to three thousand and one hundred
dislikes are you kidding me that's
that's like nearly for every 50 likes on
to get one dislike think about that one
hundred forty two thousand likes to
around three thousand dislikes on three
point five million views in this month
alone I mean and I uploaded 31 videos in
31 days so like although I missed some
days I made those up for double uploads
and I do it for you guys so like like I
said oh and also I came up with a name
for my subscribers just a couple days
ago the bro wat squad which I love I'm
telling you guys these channels only
trending upwards and I mean this past
month is like the best way to prove it
so thank you guys so much
