shit on my face
possibly what are you doing hey Bosley
oh my gosh Asli can you please just go
to sleep in your bed please
lastly was it with Brian in Vegas for a
few days
I've got the duties of taking care of
this fat sexy dog I just woke up and Bob
who seems to be in deep sleep or he's
just ignoring me
fussy so I'm in the middle of watching
my face and someone pushes open the door
what are you going mom
you should have seen what he's never
sleeping in my room again let's go it's
my mom come on let's go let's go
Bosley come on literally mom he was
scratching the door and sitting by the
door for one hour so I can open it so he
doesn't have to sleep in my room he was
trying to like like I was trying to
sleep and he was trying to like wake me
up jumping by like scratching my bed so
he still not so he like he wants he
wanted to get out he did not like
sleeping in my room no and then he
wouldn't get it in his bed on purpose he
would sit next to his bed 10:13 right
now look 10 13 must make you chick-fil-a
breakfast
hey buzz Lee you want to sleep in my
room today again too bad okay I have to
make chick-fil-a breakfast it ends but
guys let me tell you my plans for today
okay so right now I'm picking up
chick-fil-a breakfast and guess where
I'm eating this I'm not coming back home
I am eating this at my good friend and
cousin Anthony's house and I know you
guys love
that's such a rush I'm eating this at
Anthony's house and what's it called
after that I'm going to the gym that's
what I have to take off my sandals and
I'm changing them into these if you're
wondering oh why aren't you wearing your
basketball shoes because it's Saturday
no one really plays on the weekend so I
just go to lift Bosley don't even think
about it so I'm gonna work out my chest
triceps and abs I'm gonna try to force
Anthony to come with me to the gym where
are my keys I think they're downstairs
Bosley come on let's go down come on oh
geez okay so yeah right now I'm gonna go
see Anthony after that I'm gonna go to
the gym hopefully with him maybe he can
actually get some footage of me working
out because I know a lot of you guys
wanted to see that and then I'm gonna
come back home and edit my video and I'm
not sure what I have plans for tonight
yet but I need to go make breakfast
Bosley I'll be back mom I'm gonna go bye
Anthony yeah bye
oh I need my jacket it's kind of cold
buzzes because Bosley is so weird guys
imagine I get in and my battery's dead
oh my god no knock on wood magic Genie
turned this into wood okay guys I play
around too much when I'm in a rush there
we go
sounds good as new guys are you fucking
kidding me
I'm on my way back home I just got back
home because I forgot my phone
there's no way I'm making chick-fil-a
breakfast fuck here someone wants to
steal my car hurry up you have one
minute while I go get my phone mom I
forgot my phone
and chick-fil-a breakfast ends in 10
minutes here it is I wonder what was in
the bathroom just joking but I forgot my
phone at home yeah I do
okay bye mom
guys if I don't make chick-fil-a
breakfast I'll break my phone in half
hey guys welcome to another episode of
crazy intense drought Oh welcome to
another episode of crazy intense driving
with bruh wadis part I don't know part
like 363 right now this one is titled
gotta make chick-fil-a breakfast oh my
God my car is so weird without any of
those go motherfucker my car is so weird
without any of those emergency lights
but um oh so I've decided on a name for
you guys and I actually really like it
that was a big topic for literally the
past month or two how like how don't I
have a name for all my subscribers I've
decided I want to call you guys the bro
watch squad like that just sounds so
sick and it just slips right off the
tongue like bro odd squad in a thing
about it who says no what's going on bro
odd squad I can just see man I can
picture perfectly I'm gonna call you
guys that but but my subscribers are my
bro odd squad but I also want to call
you guys a single nickname like maybe my
brawler's or ballers bro odd squad is a
fade that's permanent that's stain sorry
dude I just went before another car this
carbon fish needs to drive faster but uh
yeah I think the wat squad fits
perfectly but at the same time I want
like a second nickname so you guys can
decide on that whether that's gonna be
brawlers which is like ballers but with
bruh wadis incorporated in it or
whether it's my Awad eyes my last name
no I don't like that I don't know it's
up to you guys but um Wow I need a
haircut and you guys came in tell me now
I have a haircut appointment in about 20
hours I have one tomorrow morning so I
can't wait I just gotta be in
hibernation just today one more day
before I can get my hair cut
oh also with the sun's losing to the
Knicks last night the sun's are now 2
and 19 in their last 21 games but that's
not the point the point is I made a bet
with my good friend from Twitter
his name is these Knicks you guys might
know him Dez Nicks he's a huge diehard
Knicks fan like just as much as I am my
son's fan he's a huge Knicks fan I lost
a bet the sun's lost so shout-out to DS
Knicks a good game by the names good
game by Melo a follow but aren't you
Goodwin posterized porzingis so I'm
gonna hit this red light don't look cops
yeah aren't you Goodwin had a monster
dunk on porzingis but then again posting
just having one of his classic put backs
on us so I guess we're even
yeah if the Suns had one I would have
got to pick his Abby on Twitter it's a
bi whatever it's called profile picture
for one week and this is a big travel to
chose
and think about it he's a die-hard and
expand so that would have been hilarious
but six more minutes for chocolate
breakfast
oh my god the line is so long Dan
usually I come on a weekday and there's
nobody here
that card better not be going to
chick-fil-a imma hit the back of your
fuckin oh you're lucky okay
a moment of truth let's see you pawsley
i'm hi I was just wondering if you guys
are still serving breakfast I made it
they're still serving breakfast oh shit
oh I had to check if I had money imagine
if I forgot money guys there's two
Bosley's in the car in front of me hey
bullshit
imagine if the driver saw me but ya
shout out to these Knicks the Knicks I
knew that something gonna lose I just
made a friendly bear honestly the suns
are just let me let me put it this way
the Phoenix Suns are very bad at playing
the sport called basketball I'm just
gonna leave it at that
also I'm still wondering how Damian
Lillard did not make the all-star team
that's just weird to me Dirk also got
snubbed but I think Damian Lillard was
the biggest snub what is up bro wat
Squad how are all you guys today how do
you guys like that my bro watch squad
what up bro watch squad it sounds silly
because I said it so many times but yeah
my bro wad squad I like that I really do
okay so I was scrolling through the NBA
schedule for today and I noticed the
matinee game the game everyone's been
waiting for the game ever since the
schedule came out everyone has this game
marked on their calendars the game of
the year the Golden State Warriors are
facing off against the Philadelphia
76ers and man is that going to be a
matchup to tough tough teams going at it
when I guess the spirits and Cavs play
tonight too but that's nothing big don't
worry about that think about it you
motherfuck my food is gonna get cold by
the time you pull out of your cul-de-sac
driveway I'm n I'll call this head
come on I'm trying to go see fuck boy
shit the guy play basketball without the
gym please fall okay better than your
breakfast Anthony texted me stay yeah he
said you want me you have to be texting
do you want me to make you breakfast
what did I say I said I'd rather kill
myself
Steph I'm gonna record you either way Oh
either leave the house or get recorded
it's my house now
Plus SportsCenter Emily can I please
show the report card that hung on the
fridge guys look so I come I come to
Athens house and I see his report card
hung up on the fridge right I saw
Michael che Anthony musta got good
grades and F hung up on the fridge but
no seriously he got three A's and a beer
of step that says he only got a 4.0 I'm
not I said you got three days oh no I
want to watch the full cheese whopper
wait how do you go back to fortunate bro
odd squad that's what I'm named way
Steph Steph bro watch squad
okay what's yours
termination oh my god okay okay here's
my bro wadis nation Wow
how original you dumb fuck piece of shit
hung up the F on your fridge dumbass go
to hell
Steph what do you think of bro odd squad
oh shit I forgot my gym bag at home
we're going all the way back home and
guys all the way back guys
the Jamie's chef whoa less than five
minutes from here yeah the gym is less
than five minutes from here it's
literally down the street and it's like
a good 15 to 20 minute drive from my
house and now we have to go all the way
back to my house we have to go all the
way back to my house and then come all
the way back past here just to go to the
gym to get my gym bag stuff what are you
making cheese Steph is that a 40 it's
gonna break open that actually looks so
good I guess I'm joking you take it off
the thing right now let's take it off
take it off with your hand come on go go
go go no take it off just eat it right
away no come on
no way that looks good you should have
made me instead of chick-fil-a what why
do you need to wait just hit upload and
let's go need to go all the way back
home to get my gym bag and then go to
gym
Sherman flaked on the gym Steph you want
to go to gym okay Steph come all your
fault waste of gas wasting my time all
your fault
well my car's messy I'm also gonna make
me a branch chain amino acids drink
so might as well since I'm already here
mom
I was all the way by Anthony I was about
to leave to the gym and I forgot my gym
bag in the garage buzzer did you miss me
yet you want to sleep in my room again
tonight mom you know what I'm naming my
subscribers bro watch squad no bro odd
squad my mom can't even say it
buzzing come here we're gonna make a
drink
I Bosley are you are you a part of bro
odd squad or no mom is Bosley sitting
shit why does he have brown on it ya
guys so I'm gonna make me alpha amino
branch chain amino acids it's just like
it's like a recovery supplement it helps
with your muscles not being cute or
after you workout I'm not playin
basketball today I'm a workout guys
I had to address this issue because
people think I people legit think I only
own like two jackets or that I only wear
like two outfits no this and my blue one
are like my scrubby jacket I just wear
them to the gym like you know when I'm
bout to go workout or shoot around and I
want to warm up I wear a jacket to get
warm and I have two jackets for the gym
which are those or if I'm just laying in
bed I wear those and when do I record
like where am i all the time I'm at the
gym so hence why you guys because I see
people comment
obrigada it's only weighs the lrg hoodie
this one or he only wears that blue
hoodie no it's because those are my gym
jackets and where am i half the time of
my day I'm at the gym but guys if you
haven't noticed by now some people
asking why don't you get Madeline the
sons lose anymore I got one phrase for
you because it's Ben Simmons time baby
that's Bosley
I'm smelling my shoes that's my answer
it's about time the Phoenix Suns have
some luck and that luck is gonna be Ben
Simmons we need some help from the NBA
Draft Lottery which is rigged in the
first place but I'm about to leave to
the gym and Sherman changes his mind he
wants to come I guess he finished his
video so now I'm on my way to pick him
up and then straight to the gym we could
change their mind
sorry because I'm just gonna make a vlog
itch and upload today yeah that's what
I'm doing God usually my partner tasks a
day after like I record the day before
and edit and upload the next day but
today I'm editing this and uploading it
today this is Anthony's first time ever
seen a Jim I'm bad about pre workout
because I'm not in the mood to workout
at all and that helps so much I swear
it's crazy guys I didn't notice what was
waiting until right now
Anthony yeah are you kidding me you do
what you want when you pump it I guess
gaaay
I just started my out I'm about to do my
outro and I just started like this why
do I always do that but anyways for my
outro for all you guys my bro odd squad
it feels so weird thing that's right no
I know because it's my first yeah cuz
it's my first day but I honestly like
that I'm surprised I didn't think of it
before
shout out to my homie Isaac he's the one
who brought up then who cares he brought
up a wot squad saw like bro Watts was so
yeah but I saw and then I still want to
give them another nickname whether it's
ballers brawlers something like that a
WOD guys ball sacks oh no I don't like
the I like brawlers but listen guys I
just want to give you some info on my
channel because I've been getting a lot
of positive feedback on how much my
channel is growing and like just how
much you guys love the content I just
wanted to let you know that it's only
trending upward I'm I've been I've been
talking to some people about doing some
pranks soon so if you guys love pranks I
might be doing a special for 200k
subscribers where it's gonna be a big
prank um like I said before I have some
pranks plan I just need to execute them
well cuz I don't want to upload anything
half-assed I want everything to be
perfect at the same time I'm working on
a new intro I'm working on some apparel
so if you guys love my channel now just
tune in like everything is gonna go
upward someone's trying to open my door
let's see who it is hey Bosley yeah guys
so I just wanted to let you know that
everything is looking positive I'm
staying positive in my channel like
everything is going great so um just
stay tuned I mean if you guys love the
content now I'm just letting you guys
know that everything is gonna get better
and you guys think I've been reading
some comments I said oh bruh Wallace is
too famous to reply to comments that's
definitely not the case yesterday me and
my girlfriend sat and read every single
one of the comments on my two videos I
think there was a total of almost 2,000
comments we read every single one of
them you guys are awesome that's all I'm
gonna say and like I said appeal is
coming out soon a new intro more
better content everything like the
Brevard squad is gonna be the happiest
group of subscribers there is on YouTube
and I love you guys all that's gonna be
it for today's vlog I hope you guys did
enjoy I finally got some footage of me
working out for you it wasn't much and
my workout was like an hour and a half
but I got maybe a few clips for you guys
and I hope you guys enjoyed that I'm
telling you guys basketball is a devil I
lift every single day but I played too
much basketball that it's almost
impossible to put on weight and muscle
but I love you guys all bruh wadis I'm
out guys if you follow me on Twitter
then you already read these tweets but
I'm just feeling really positive today I
want to read these for you I tweeted my
channel is growing so fast I love you
guys so much everything about it is
trending upwards content will only get
better with time thank you very much and
then in my next week I said vlogs
challenges more pranks p.o box openings
the bruh wadis NBA show daily uploads
and some double uploads I want to grow
the best channel for all you guys on
YouTube and I just want to let you guys
know that despite I'm going to call it
almost full time I go to the gym every
single day for hours I have a girlfriend
that I spend a lot of time with I still
want to produce the best content for you
guys and hopefully my hard work shows
because I don't like bragging so
hopefully my hard work shows in all you
guys his eyes and again I love you guys
so much
