what are you watching
I know that voice sounds familiar okay
wait polish what time is it you can
check my phone don't worry oh you know
what time it is
we're going back Dennis no no Dennis I
have my socks on short man you never
cooperate really me and Dennis just got
back from the gym what like two hours
ago we went to the gym we were playing
basketball and I'm in the mood to play
basketball again no Dennis you know
what's weird because I'm never really in
the mood to play basketball so there's
no weird that I'm in the mood to play
can you just answer this so you said
when I say something dumb like going to
play basketball what's so dumb about
going to play basketball okay okay and
you just got back to and you're still
gonna go play don't say you're for
Dennis is very in the mood to play
basketball me I swear I'm putting you on
blast you're a liar
you think I was joking I turn the camera
off and I said okay Dennis let's go to
the gym and he goes away I'm not going
go okay listen I don't like forcing
people to play that's all if you don't
want to are you sure you want to go yeah
okay cuz if you don't probably kill you
okay okay then you don't have to go put
the game back I'm going do you wanna go
okay
man you've been rude lately I feel bad
for whoever I'm guarding I probably
smell like dried up sweat it's your
fault for smelling like that you're
walking off the close to your door
Denis you need to change your underwear
for what
Denis you act like I'm influence you to
do drug me would you why are you not
wearing underwear
danny's go I'll see you next time oh
well I'll just listen to some car DB I
said this before and I'll say it again
car D be sexy like I don't know why
she's sexy cuz she's ugly
but she's also sexy so I don't know it
makes no sense shall I
Dennis Dennis where you at you're not
about that life but Dennis I don't blame
you I honestly think you're normal I
think 99.9 percent of normal human
beings would do what you did and stayed
home but what can I say I'm not normal
one scrub cap you show another
Oh
okay guys so I'm coming back home right
now I do not blame Dennis at all for not
wanting to play my legs feel like jello
but I'm playing tomorrow morning so I
can't wait for that
I know tell me yo guys so I showered I
changed after the gym well I changed but
I'm still in basketball shorts and
slippers because that's all I wear 24/7
but I just remembered when I was coming
up I think I saw Brian's car I don't
know if it was his for sure but he said
phaser on the sides and it was a Range
Rover so now I mean I'm not saying I'm
jealous or anything and I'm not saying
it matters or anything but like come on
my brother and he's gonna come here and
like he's not in my room so dingdong I
mean I don't think bond would hang out
with anyone except he's my brother no
Brian's not here is he
yeah so I wasn't expecting to see you
here oh then it's cut the music there's
a serious moment really quick please cut
the music
can you please cut the music if you
don't cut the music we're gonna have a
problem thank you
okay what do you live in you're a game
out of the way like it's not like it
matters it's like I care anything but
liking my brother and like my best
friend hanging out behind my back it's
not that it matters I don't care I'm
just saying like what's going on who
started yeah who invited each other
turns me down to go play basketball just
to go behind my back and text my brother
I'll go say my story yeah Brian I'm not
pointing the camera am i pointing it at
you to see if you laugh cuz my next is
eight Brian I believe yeah you are I
believe in it's cool next time I'm just
gonna invite or something right oh yeah
by the way you're smart for not playing
my body feels like jello it feels like
I'm melting right now bro hey guess it's
coming Romel
so I see you guys are playing 2k I mean
it's not like I like basketball or
anything right yeah sorry if you say
well
yeah yeah Brian are you guys gonna do
what I'm here or no no really
and like were you guys listening to
music when I was it like a party and
it's like not really so why did like the
music stopped and shit so someone's up
by 20 right now who is it
score Brian's score oh man oh wait the
poster you can put it right there on the
wall this was oh my god 27:20 set wait
Brian is this how I look what I'm
watching her son's game yes damn this is
actually scary scary out to stop
watching son's games sorry wait wait
wait I have a quick question and I swear
if answer comes out that I don't like I
think I would kill you guys
why are both of you guys wearing
basketball shorts no I swear it's not a
joke if you guys went later no no let me
smell your armpits if they smell sweat
eaters
the mice could you always smell that no
I just showered
so you shower after you play basketball
yeah wait wait you guys are fake
quick question can I get both you guys
attention please can you demonstrate how
you forced Dennis to let you inside the
room again like how did it happen no and
Dennis what did you say when he did that
yeah and what did you say such a lie
who's telling the truth don't lie to me
hey Dennis
man I don't know what to believe anymore
it'd be your own people my brother and
my best friend switching up ok talk talk
damn where was the invite for some chips
just so you know I'm stopping this right
now because this is an escape in case
you think this is a scam it's not scared
these idiots are really like this me
wait break can I get a barbecue ok
really
Dennis you know what's expired your
breath and Brides body's expired and
rotting that's why you look like that
because your body is rotting
I don't know I'm mad for those who think
that it is joking when he said we'll
give Brandon the expired stuff look
December 11th were in January
it's our day but they're so perfectly
safe too easy oh let's do it baby Brian
I think the question here about to ask
was the same question that I have every
day guys this is the bedroom but wait
does you have soap or at least a
toothbrush
oh yes oh well it tells you the shower
is a doll rack
oh yeah no no toothbrush no are you sure
sorry no no wait
when we were hit Oh in my lifetime how
many points in Devin Booker score that
one time against Boston 70 may yo guys
really quick Dennis can you turn to the
side and don't look at coming right now
we have
what up how's your day today happy new
years yes oh yeah with wit Brian hey
what's up hey me watch it so Matt did
you hear people that watch the elevator
camera so we always conversate at them
so well we're about it right now so hey
man I mean it's all cool you guys sat in
the back and made me send it from the
Mel hey Ron well you know what I was
gonna tell you guys I know what you
think I caught Brian and then it's
hanging out behind my back it was a
one-time thing
Dennis finally cheating on you I think
Brian's where you gonna sit next one we
eat Dennis are you sure when does this
joke and you gotta have to send several
Bell while we eat man you weren't joking
when is this joke in the end or this
prank okay honestly you think I care I
have my old best friend am I allowed to
touch you yeah why not just for today
dick okay well it's almost 12:00 no
extend it one day I send it one day
man you guys are bogus well they're
talking shit about you I know I heard
them who's we fun know if you're teaming
up with him for the two words when you
gotta sit next to him do you guys still
do the three cheese chicken pasta one
row Mel what did I just order man so we
have three appetizers
that's what I call not you I'm a quarter
of the way through my desert I look at
rule melts plate it's licked clean like
a dog you can see ministers played by
Brian yo so we just had a bog dinner
ally and we brought you some so now you
got to show yourself oh don't worry of
evasion yeah until tomorrow morning or
else it's ours
anyways good night it's getting late
okay well mr. fake you can't hang out in
this I'm not trying to chill with you
huh huh I'm going tomorrow you can hit
Brian up that's not for us it's for the
cameraman wait little no you can hit
Brian up see what happens when Brian's
line you felt bad talk to me oh yeah oh
yeah okay so which story was true there
just yet nowadays London choking you
forget held me did he really easy you
have to leave room for all today it's
okay okay okay fine since I believe you
know I'll hang out with you yeah but we
gotta hang on you in my rocket rooms no
like ride chips yo guys I'm here right
not to close the video out but before we
end this video I just want to say really
quick that if you have not purchased
your bra disappear there's only 10 days
left before they're gone for good so if
you want to get your own apparel such as
this one or the multiple other styles
and designs that we have go to the link
down below I will leave it in the
description box 10 days left
go get your merch I love you guys so
much and I mean we waited waited for a
while and on the elevator man the
cameraman never hit us back up so I
guess we're gonna have to eat the food
ain't daddy's are you actually coming to
the gym yeah for real
I believe you I trust you guys Dennis
don't everyone get it slow that's why he
likes to go to gym
but two times as I know I go sometimes
to time oh and sometimes hi girls I'm
getting a rash to make an excuse so guys
we're here to cook a way to watch birds
well it's good I got do you think that's
gonna fit me mm-hmm but it's worse for
everybody who won't stretch this I swear
that fig that is small if Phil's not mom
I'm still me then right now slim fit
with your whoo
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching today's video please drop a
like if you did enjoy subscribe to this
channel if you are new turn post
notifications on for brand new videos
almost every single day and me and edits
are about to go shoot so who can we do
better today are you because of the
apparel uh-huh does I make them do
better do you want to backtrack faith
and sweat too because you could have it
you play with an insulator you might as
well share it with Brian too
