okay guys right now oh I got all this
fan mail banana carver is actually local
if we buy the baby food for a challenge
and she's eating it regularly but okay I
got so much fan mail from all you guys I
love all you guys I'm gonna try to read
all these letters there's a bunch of
letters look this won't even have a
Phoenix Suns logo on it so I'm hoping
that one first actually she's just she's
just here to look pretty okay
this looks like the drawing it says dear
Brandon I'm Juan Hernandez India one of
my favorite youtubers what I do is I
like to play basketball my like the
Phoenix Suns we like him he's our friend
her name is really good try let me tell
you that I really I know he said I
really love your video with Brian balls
and Anthony and again thank you for the
good video and look at this drawing if
you guys can see it it's the Phoenix
Suns logo this one okay does it have a
name on it so hopefully there's a note
inside
good thing I see it is what's hard the
sun's cool but remember the Sixers look
that half okay he says the 76ers are
laughs yeah he says this every since
it's hard when you get in 2020 I'm
pretty sure that's still gonna be
rebuilding in 2020 thank you big niche
for this okay he said there's a Devin
Booker rookie card
keep good care of a bitch I will for
some okay but obviously a Devin Booker
rookie card I'm high hood with a covered
everything
Devin Booker you guys already know how
much I read without man grin at night
nope
PJ Tucker I love him Archie Goodwin
music with them okay and Eric Bledsoe
card thank you so much big Mitch I'm not
sure which one I'm gonna have more fun
with this or this honestly both of these
oh my god a car sticker guy sold it but
a Phoenix Suns decal sticker which I put
on my car yeah my car my car's right
here
okay I'm gonna hang this up on my wall
somewhere yeah oh fuck where I put it
but it's definitely going up on my wall
yeah this is fun
Wow it doesn't have it doesn't have a
name but Oh No thank you to whoever sent
it guys if you guys can't tell I'm a
Suns fan in case you guys didn't know
look what for me hey from Damien look at
this drawing yeah you guys put me to
shame
thanks Damien this letter came from
Shane Craven he mentions that he's a
huge fan of me and assigns I apologize
on behalf of the sons for being honestly
the worst team in the NBA but they do
for the support do you know
what is the same one thank you but but
the first one I made the pledge so this
one I'm naming Booker oh that's when my
god
okay so Jackie gets a boat ride this no
it says it says hi Brenda and I watch
your videos every day keep it up I
decided to send you two of these bears I
also want to send you a new basketball
shoes to me
TJ for TJ Warren thank you very much
Alan a China yeah I got a condom you
wanna I already have one so now I know I
won't be
you need the madman right look Devin
Booker looking Carla this is from Kutty
Jones it's run kappa wheatley coupling
I'm not sure I'm saying that right hey
says that these are firecrackers
hey thank you very much
I'm not sure if I want to end up in jail
tonight so I'm not sure if I'm going to
be using those body lastly your videos
are dope I love watching you you fuckboy
rug and lawrence he didn't finish me but
I'm mentioning it and Jackie I feel your
pain the Lakers are complete ass you're
right about that
keep doing your thing hit me up on a
g-p-s buzzes of beast here cut team I
said it right this is from Gino 0.04 dad
just go daddy for you and for me no I'm
gonna give this my dad you always wake
him loose like look through them
anything this is for you he says hi from
G no ID No
is this for me me and my girlfriend are
gonna read this later Thank You Gino he
has a joke it's not how good they're I
need anyhoo anyone you like this is from
Justin all you know he did would be
since four thousand subs he the OKC
Thunder fan lucky him they're a good
team
he lives in Maine so I can't play
basketball outside until summer
thirteen years old tell rug to get off
the video games and play basketball we
decided and said the Magnum what try my
best to sign these and send them back
Tyson Chandler to let a bitch Tyson
Chandler oh this is from Richard Bryan
shut up he said you and Jeff you make
the cutest couple
hashtag Wallace live haircuts for life
and son thanks Richard for four months
from all drink if you were the sons
coach would you trade Markieff Morris
for Anthony Bennett yeah I will join
Markieff Morris for anything on it
please even though I have anybody abuzz
I will trade in for that hey tell
yesterday during my unboxing Bosley
yesterday don't mom don't touch me I'm
so sweaty yeah I just got back from the
gym but during my unboxing video my
camera died so and by the time I came
out Sarge Jackie left so I had got a few
more things
this right here mom hold it up and turn
it around please and eric bledsoe
turned it around please Phoenix Suns
Jersey the guy asked for a signature
what's his name
Alex Bray he asked for a signature and
he asked for it back you must be crazy
if you think I'm giving this back this
is mine no I'm just joking obviously I'm
gonna sign it and send it back no
problem I'm a sign and send it back
Bledsoe
also I got these custom socks from Jacob
Shepard they're uh they're the brand is
Rock'em I think it's their custom brand
look at this they customized them orange
and purple with a gorilla the Phoenix
Suns gorilla
I love these I'm gonna try to rock these
the next time I play basketball cuz look
they match with my they match with my
shoes so thank you very much
and I think the camera got cut off the
battery died while I was reading the
letters but I wasn't sure the battery
was dead so I read all the letters
without knowing how far along I got but
anyways she's gotta have been watching
my previous vlogs
my car is messed up but we're getting it
all fixed for the costly price of $700
that are coming out of my pocket so I'm
like depressed no my battery never dies
guys Psalm pink the problem was everyone
was saying oh it's just the key sensor
note was not the battery was completely
dead the brakes were fucked up and I
need a wheel line man all that total was
$700 but the car's gonna be ready in two
hours so I'm gonna go pick it up and
this is my second episode of the day
double upload for you guys I hope you
guys enjoyed this video as much as you
guys enjoy your Friday as much as bosley
enjoy staying at me when I record for
some reason no he's right here no but my
snapchat has Bosley tanning outside guys
hugly if you guys want to do it follow
my snapchat or Twitter below i post
pictures i balled it all the time it's
in the description
Bosley's new favorite thing to do is he
waits by the door until we open it and
then he tans he literally sits outside
and tans
so
Bosley yeah he loves going out without a
leash because he's bad
yeah Bryan and Lawrence went to Vegas
today so I'm rug free for how many days
two or three days so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I love you all
son's first Knicks tonight Suns are
probably gonna lose again but what's new
and yeah you're welcome for the double
upload piece oh yeah there was guys I
need a haircut legit I'm getting one
tomorrow but there was this letter that
I got fan mail I'm not sure if my camera
recorded me reading it or not but just
in case it didn't own a repeat it there
was a letter from Sarah and at the end
it said do not put this in the vlog and
she had a short message so you already
know me I got to put it in the vlog
she said Anthony is Bay okay knowing
Anthony the fuck whether he is he's
gonna go through hell and back to track
down this girl named Sarah to find out
who she is
shout-out Sarah Anthony is bathed I
guess he is but once again I love you
guys all and I do hope you guys enjoyed
this video let me know what you guys
think of double uploading I obviously
can't do it consistently because of
college and whatnot but I try to do it
sometimes for you guys time to start
editing guys look I made a drawer fan
mail
look this guy sent me a whole ticket
from Suns and Raptors for 4 or 5 years
ago on the Suns one he had these
drawings damn these aren't good it
doesn't have a name so anyways thank you
but yeah look I keep all your guys's fan
mail the Firecracker is the card
everything everything is here even the
Lakers bracelets sadly but I keep it I
keep it all look guys some more fan mail
from this is from Oscar yeah here I'm
not sure to pronounce it but he's from
Texas he's only 12 years old and he drew
this look guys that's me that literally
looks like me and rug I like the goatee
and the Phoenix shirt also look at this
this is from Tyler
I hate Brandon I thought I had blood so
better but this is still sick it looks
like he made it himself
with my name in the middle tooth I love
the background this is super sick from
Tyler thank you and this guy I love when
people ask me basketball questions so
i'ma answer them first he says who are
your top five favorite Phoenix Suns of
all time
I gotta go Steve Nash Amar'e Stoudemire
goran dragic
Eric Bledsoe and you might think I'm
crazy for this that I'm leaving out you
know like grant I'm leaving out a bunch
of like big-time names but I love Gerald
green and Geraldine was one of my
favorites
also um he mentioned when I mentioned
about Ryan Anderson being traded for
Markieff Morris that ship has sailed
Markieff Morris is trade value is so low
right now there's no way they would give
that up
I wish though Ryan Anderson would fit
perfectly who are your top three non
sons basketball players right now
honestly I'm sorry but I don't like I
mean I I don't like he mentions that his
our Jamal Crawford Kyrie Irving a LeBron
I like LeBron James but honestly like I
don't have any favorites that don't play
for the Suns that's just me but yeah
thank you for asking me basketball
questions I love answering those Bosley
I never get basketball questions from
Bosley but it's all good
picking up Bledsoe and he's good as new
brakes fix battery changed everything
good oil changed guys look at this no
caution lights for the first time in
months I was extremely dumb and taking
care of this car and that has to change
but I think it's safe to say that I
learned my lesson by now almost $800 out
of my pocket two days without a car and
just a ton of problems to a beautiful
car like this is not right so wow the
brakes feel so good oh yeah the brakes
feel really good so
it's nice to have a car back and running
good as new guys honestly never notice
how bad my brakes were until I tried
driving it now with the new brakes
I noticed such a big difference oh my
dashboard looks so empty without all
those caution lights I might have to
fuck around to bring some lights back it
adds more decoration I'm just joking
honestly I'm so happy that my car is
fixed and I'll be the first to admit
that I waited way too long to get it
fixed
that's not the point the point is that
right now it's good it's time to start
taking care of this baby I called
Bledsoe guys by the way Jackie thinks
I'm joking when I say that our baby boys
gonna be named Bledsoe cuz we're
expecting one in like four months now
she's five months into her pregnancy I'm
just joking but when we do have one his
name is gonna be Bledsoe and she thinks
I'm joking but I'm honestly being
serious guys look the sun's game is on
they're already losing 22 for the son's
game just started they already down 22
for but honestly I just laugh because
what's new really quick before I end
this video I had a bunch of trouble
editing this I had it fully edited and
rendered about to upload and my computer
decided to shut down and the file didn't
save so I turned my computer back on and
I had to re-edit the whole entire thing
that was oh man that was a hassle but on
like it's embarrassing to me that I
don't have a name for all my subscribers
because you guys deserve a name um you
guys are all wonderful I love all you
guys I want I want you to call you guys
by a name so I asked on Twitter what
should my nickname or you know just my
name for all my subscribers be and I got
a few of these and I want you guys to
pick from these the first one is bras
and like oh that's so playing bras but
it makes sense because my name is
Brandon
Rhonda Wallace spell the initials B RA
so my bras second would be ballers
obviously that's like a simple one but
it makes sense because I love ball and
if you love my channel you have to at
least have some interest in basketball
so ballers and then there's rollers
which is exactly like ballers except
it's BR eight
for Bravada so brawlers then there's the
Awad eyes because my last name is a
wadis I kind of like that one so like my
last name is I want is you guys are my
Awad eyes and then there's this the a
wot squad or the bro wat squad so you
know obviously I'm bro wadis bro odd
squad
I actually loved that one or my last
name Awad is so a lot Scott I want you
guys to pick I'm probably gonna run a
poll on Twitter if you don't follow me
there I'm gonna go like I don't know how
I'm gonna pick but those are my options
and honestly they're all creative and
funny I wanted to do Sun scriber as you
know like my son scrubbers for the
Phoenix Suns but not everybody is a Suns
fan so I don't I want to stay away from
keeping it Suns related um but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video to me I
found it pretty funny and again thank
you guys for all the fan mail I love
like you guys so I have the drawer right
there I keep all the fan mail now
whenever I'm bored I reread it it just
makes me feel so good but anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed bruh wadis I'm out
