I got this guy's what is going on bruh
wat is here and before I start video I
have a few words about the two people I
just met so um just a few hours ago I
met two youtubers Adam Saleh and slim
and let me just say that they're both
like they're both awesome people I don't
know what more to say I got really close
with them in a matter of I want to say
minutes but I'll say hours um they're
both really cool people they're nice
funny genuinely happy people either way
I made two new friends tonight and we
made plans next time they come down to
San Diego or even LA we're gonna meet up
and we're gonna play ball because
apparently they love to play ball so uh
I might want to see who's better me or
either of them I put my money on me for
being honest
but right now uh Adam and slim are out
with Lawrence and Bryant they went to
hang out not exactly too sure where they
went but I wish I could have hung out
with them but I have early class
tomorrow so I had to stay home and at my
vlog and just get ready for school but
yeah I just wanted to say that those are
honestly two really really nice people
and it was honor to me both of them but
it's not actually time to open some fan
mail sent by you guys I got uh some
letters and I just honestly can't wait
to open them and read the letters
because honestly reading those letters
make me feel warm inside because I love
all of you guys sup big dog do you miss
Adam and slim guys it was so funny if
you watched my previous vlog Slim was so
scared of this fat dude he was so scared
I was dying he was jumping on couches
jumping in Adams lap running away it was
hilarious honestly like I said I have
early class tomorrow but that won't stop
me from going out and getting some fast
food at
midnight on but there's a problem if you
notice these are Mercedes Benz keys if
you're asking doesn't rogue driving
Mercedes didn't you just have his car
yes rug drives on Mercedes but look at
this look you guys he went out with Adam
and Lawrence and he just so happened to
park like this I mean I could try to
back up if I had a monster truck it
would work and I'll just crush his car
but yeah I got a Mubarak's car really
quick and then back out guys I'm so
happy my car works right now I'm so so
happy that it's working all right so let
me move rugs car and I'll get back to
you guys
Lorne and I'll get back to you guys as
soon as I do that done now time to drive
my car for the first time today and
honestly I could not be happier I was so
scared that it was going to be the
engine and not just the battery
regardless I have to get it checked out
that's for sure but oh there's gonna
feel so great driving mmm so blood so
that's my car's name if you guys didn't
know beautiful blood so oh fuck I just
had my hip
yo what the fuck I'll get out really
quick why Brian what the fuck just
happened did you see that
guys what's up Brian I literally said
wait so did you drive it before no so
how are you gonna no worry for like look
what is on all exhibiting stop hey turn
it off that shit wow what the football
eyes your car like that cuz you've had
all those maintenance lights on you
haven't taken it hey I don't need to
hear it from you listen no honestly
Brian what the fuck I just put them on
the couch yeah that's great wait hold on
let me try this one more time
Wow helping you with that shit fucked up
your time let me play Wow what the fuck
okay well bye
fuck guys honestly what the fuck no like
literally that's that's not even funny
or fair whatever's going on all I ask
Bosley I'm not having it right now don't
even bark at me all I ask is you watch
my previous vlog we went through so much
to fix my car you guys heard it right
before I got in my car I was like Oh
honestly I'm so lucky that it works I'm
so happy
a bla bla bla I love my car it's gonna
feel so good driving I get in try to
start it and AH so now I'm still gonna
go get food I'm just taking my dad's car
but like it's bigger than that I don't
know what's wrong with my car we thought
we had it fixed apparently not so damn
it guys I was so hyped you heard me
before I got on my car I was saying all
this good stuff about how happy I am and
that I could finally Drive and I hadn't
driven all day and then boom oh well
guys maybe it's my ghost doctor trying
to prevent me from eating fast food but
honestly fuck you car I take back
everything I said about how happy I was
to drive and everything where the hell
is my oh my god I was gonna take my
dad's Maz and oh it's right here wow I'm
so stupid
i legit thought this was rugs Mercedes
and I was like where's my dad's Mazda I
thought somebody stole her or something
okay well time to go get some food
what do you see this face I just ordered
fries chicken nuggets and a burger guess
how much the total was $11 McDonald's
you piece of shit I'm paying $11 to hire
my cholesterol higher my blood pressure
kill my insides for fake food hold on
I'm out the window so if I wanted to pay
$11 for a meal I went to Applebee's
they're still open I would have sat down
hi $11 Auto went to Applebee's got
myself steak mashed potatoes french
fries fuckin kidding me
$11 for a chance for my heart to clog up
and me dying in my sleep I just paid $11
to potentially die in my sleep okay so
the class I was talking about where I
moved up to number one on the wait list
tomorrow is the deadline
somebody has to not show up or somebody
has to drop it therefore I would take
their spot but if nobody does that then
I get left on the waitlist meaning I
don't get the class and I would be
bummed out because I need this class to
transfer I need it for my general eggs
um I'm hoping someone doesn't show up or
someone just feels like they need to
drop it but by the time I do the
unboxing I'll have fun
I'll have known whether I get the class
on Oksana unbox after school tomorrow
I'm crossing fingers
I can't I'm crossing fingers that I get
the class please I need it
guys I really need to start getting more
sleep look I haven't even started
editing my video I'm about to start
right now look what time it is it's
almost 1:00 again and like I said for
the millionth time I got
early class tomorrow and I'm just now
I'm gonna be up to like 4:00 in the
morning editing this but it's all for
you guys I hope you guys do enjoy it
guys they're here to tow away my car
come back yeah they're towing away my
car
they're just positioning themselves guys
there goes my car
see you later
guys I'm so happy I got my class
yesterday I was barely crossing my
fingers I needed one person to drop that
four people ended up dropping on so I
got my class and not my schedule is set
can they play new game also chat hey
guys I'm taking over now
ah this is why she's never gonna have a
you just listen to the do your intro do
an intro how do you do an intro it was
about the longest okay why this how hold
the camera like a normal person
okay wait okay tell them how I got to
school today I had to drive him and like
a nice girlfriend I got chick-fil-a
guys's Moses submergence will decide
that me so I'm a him the camera over to
Jackie and we're gonna see what's gonna
happen next
ooh cuz I just got picked up on my uber
okay please I'm fishing before you fill
me cuz she's making me sign a contract
that I can't film her unless a
permission do I have permission or no no
okay guys so I just got in the over and
we're about to go home I'm about to open
all my fan mail all my packages from you
guys by the way I'm so super happy that
I got that class because we were looking
for Bosley we thought he went upstairs
look where we found him
dories about to close on him
Bosley how'd you even get out now you
can stay Bosley we're at the dealership
picking up our call my car I've totally
forgot to vlog the drive here and
everything but we're waiting for our
last name that I'm gonna get a coffee
maker hot water I'm just joking wait
french vanilla or hot chocolate oh no
this is when women love it yeah guys I'm
about to pick up my car first time
driving it Oh cookies and dog treats
for at a dealership not are you really
staying
caught okay time to go get my car when I
told me you were staying to watch the
debate dad which way is feels great it
actually works and my dad leaving thank
you to him for taking me here it's time
to get home guys I don't know if you
could tell what I'm watching inside the
NBA on TNT um they just announced the
all-star game reserves and honestly I'm
a sons fan but I give respect way to do
Damian Lillard it's not on the team and
how did that happen the dude i'ma leave
it sure I'm gonna get more in depth on
this I'm doing a robotics MBA show
either tomorrow or the next day or maybe
later today I'm not sure Damian Lillard
deserves to be an officer that that's
all I'm gonna say
also congratulations to Isiah Thomas he
made the all-star team in the east
he was the sixtieth pick in the draft
60th very last pick
excuse me I'm about to die there's only
60 players taking the draft he was 60th
if Sacramento passed on him and he
didn't get drafted for all we know he
wouldn't even be in the NBA right now
now he's an all-star Congrats Isiah
Thomas um and I'm not only
congratulating him because he's a former
Phoenix son but uh he has to check out
my bro box NBA show either later today
or tomorrow about the all-star game
snubs uh yeah oh yeah I'm taking my car
- okay yeah they fixed the battery at
the dealership but I still have to get
an oil change and I have to fix the
brakes so tomorrow I'm taking it to a
shop I have an appointment at 8:30 a.m.
pretty early they are going to change my
brakes fix my brakes they need to fix my
brakes and also I'm getting an oil
change so after that my car should be
good as new new battery car I got a car
wash today - brakes and oil change BAM I
waited way too long for all this and
also guys I'm so happy that I got that
history class
just all honestly today was a good day
overall and I'd see my girlfriend two
times I saw her before work and after
work um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and I'll catch up with you
guys tomorrow for wadis I'm out guys
it's a a.m. 8:00 in the morning if
you're wondering where I'm going like I
said I made an appointment so I'm taking
my car to the shop right now um they are
going to fix the brakes cuz they're
really bad and they're also going to
give me an oil change so finally I have
my whole car taken care of um and I love
obviously lunchtime basketball they play
at 11 o'clock so on
hopefully my car is done by then uh what
was I going to say oh yeah I kept
mentioning opening my opening the P o
box letters and opening all the fan mail
and I decided I'm going to double upload
so this vlog is going to be this vlog
and the P o box opening video is going
to be up later today so be sure to check
that out it should be up in a few hours
I just got to finish editing it
oh speaking of editing I brought my
laptop with me so while they're fixing
my car I'm going to be editing at the
shop um I'm gonna be editing this vlog
and I'm be editing my other video guys I
just wanted to address two issues one
everybody was making a big deal if you
watched my last vlog when I use drugs
cars to go get something I had to do and
then I came back and got me breakfast I
used four dollars from rug to get me
breakfast
and like in my video I was like okay I
gotta finish the food so he doesn't find
out I've had my channel for almost a
year that's my sense of humor like oh
I'm not really trying to hide it because
I'm scared it was a joke and second
making a big deal out of taking four
dollars from your blood brother I don't
know how your guys are siblings treat
you guys but I would have no problem
with my brother even took $20 from me
you guys seen my vlogs I bring him food
all the time I text him all the time
saying hey what are you doing do you
want food I'm over here over here and
you guys well you're so fucked up you
stole four dollars from rug blah blah I
don't know so whatever that's I don't
know but and then another thing is you
guys cuz you guys if you watch my whole
vlog throughout I'm telling you
half the comments were wow you're so
dumb you didn't know there was a piece
lot well you didn't know that there was
a key inside you're a sensor of your you
know car keys the problem the problem
was not getting into my car the problem
yeah I didn't know how to get into my
car but that wasn't the problem the
problem was that the battery was
completely dead even if we jump-started
it was done it was completely dead so if
you guys watch the whole walkthrough out
you guys would have saw that and maybe
you guys want to have commented all that
but anyways those are the two issues I
wanted to address one taking four
dollars from rug is no issue at all if
you wanted me to pay him back out paying
40 back instead of the four dollars that
I took and second everyone trying to
make themselves feel smarter than
everyone else saying oh you just open it
with the key that wasn't the problem you
guys with a soft you watch the whole
walkthrough out but anyways I need to go
get my car to the shop and finish
editing and hope that they finish before
they start playing basketball so I can
go play
I love all you guys I hope you guys
enjoy your Friday because that's what
today is I hope you guys enjoy the PIO
box opening video I hope you guys enjoy
how dark it is in my camera for no
reason and robot is I'm out you guys
guys look the gym I go to is right there
LA Fitness and the car shop is point two
miles away
it's literally like 30 seconds away you
know I have to go to the one closest to
the gym guys this is a no-no but I had
to go right okay right and I think it's
right there
AJ USA okay I'm on the stop walking
right now I gotta do this
look editing my video right here
annyeong
