I got this guy's look at this my car is
not unlocking this is it's not opening
it's not unlocking trunk wall open
nothing this is weird and I have to have
an appointment with my eyebrow lady so I
have to wake up rug to take his car he's
not gonna be happy about this
that's weird guys look which car I'm in
doesn't look familiar
in the bends because my Lexus stopped
working for some reason I think the
battery is dead again it won't start it
won't unlock it won't turn on and won't
nothing is working so I had to use rugs
car I'm fucking pissed because this is
the second time it happened guys what
the fuck
of course I don't even know what
happened I think it was the battery and
yeah now I'm in rogues car I came and
connect my bluetooth to this car I'm not
sure how to connect it I literally went
to get my car was already in a rush I
want I had to go do something before I
like to the gym and now plans ruined and
I gotta get someone to come fix my car
at home great great news I found like 10
dollars in drugs car and I'm starving so
I'm go get me some breakfast before
going back home and finding a way to go
to the gym I'm either gonna take my
mom's Escalade which I'm really scared
to do because I've never driven that car
and or I'm gonna have a friend pick me
up I'm not sure but this sucks
rug is gonna kill me just like $5.00
KFC too little too little chicken
sandwiches that's it
I should have pranked rug saying I
crashed his car if I had my camera I
probably would have done that I need to
eat
ing eat this in the car to get rid of
the evidence before I get home because I
don't want rug to know that I bought
food oh fuck there's pickles fuck
there's pickles hello
I hate pickles oh right doesn't have any
water in his car how much let's enjoy
this meal pickles right okay well
back out the house I gotta throw away
the back of can't see so rugby you can
happen my mom's gonna take me to the gym
drop me off and then she'll pick me up
when I'm done this is why I love my
mother I love you mom
best best mom award right Bosley $8,000
car bombing what the same thing to you
love is the matter
and where else is them with the service
or driving really no no I'm not
recording anything I'm just saying I
literally go like 65 on the showed my
mom 4365 let us be little go normally
but the same to me see it's not cool
yeah I'm not saying it's cooler she's
just really slow
I don't see any cars coming um
there's a car right behind you the speed
limit is 45 that you have to go at least
80 no I need to talk I get you there
friend I won't get look my legs got
stuck in the door well the $500 three
lap if they'll let lets find me to Mandy
it's too early to get yet this feels so
weird getting picked up by my mom at the
gym I'm 20 I'm 20 years old
we're gonna go open some fan mail now
listen watch listen okay hopefully I get
another condom cuz I already use mom
your mom and you want me not to you wait
Adam is coming to our house yeah I think
guys Adam Soleil sama Salah
Adam Salah is coming to our house I have
to go shower
I need a honey walnut shrimp no no I
just see the one I just need one one me
record you eat the shell right right now
are you doing just one hey this is for
my story okay but it but because they
YouTube bulges is gonna see it do you
have on the vlog Brian love according me
in my box which I love seeing my brother
in his boxes what do you draw rice I
want another one
no find just the orange chicken you
could pick which one give me the crispy
a swan actually give me a soft form okay
guys look at this it's literally
Bosley's paw oh I hate when she
don't eat the shrimp in one bite Wow
too expensive split it up into two bites
guys look how stupid I am first of all
why do I have my shirt tucked in um okay
look how stupid I am
so Jackie's coming over so I texted her
I was like oh I'm gonna go bring some
wings and things what do you want and
I'm about to call in the order and she
texted me saying your car doesn't even
work how are you gonna bring wings and I
was like oh my gosh I had for God that
my car wasn't working good thing I
didn't place the order already and good
thing I have the best girlfriend ever
because she said that she'll bring us
the wings let's go see my car honestly
let's see what's up so yeah Jackie's
coming over and she's bringing food
because my car doesn't work I'm still
not too sure what's wrong with her I'm
about to go around the neighborhood and
see if people have jumper cables so that
we could try to jumpstart my battery
hopefully that's just the problem guys
also Adams Sally I know okay I feel so
ashamed because I'm Middle Eastern just
like him and I can't pronounce his name
Adams La Salle a I don't how to say
anything rug is laughing I mean trying
to pronounce it but he's coming to our
house and I think he's collabing with
ruff he's collabing with rug I think
they're doing like challenge videos I'm
not sure guys look unlock nope nothing
how about the trunk nope nothing it
won't
it doesn't unlock it's it's got to be
either the battery or engine hey what's
up and I'm hoping it's the battery cuz
that's obviously much easier to fix than
replacing the whole engine Brad where
you going yeah so my car is like I know
you guys know it's had problems and it's
my fault that I didn't get it checked
but at the same time the Bobby has went
out before I'm not sure what it is but
yeah I would I would have loved to make
a video with Adam had he came here he
seems like a cool guy started watching
his video
what's my brother told me he was gonna
collab with him but nobody told me that
he was coming here so uh I had no idea
until honestly like two hours ago and I
was just like what the heck so I don't
think I'm gonna be making a video with
him it's very last minute I wish I could
but I will be meeting him so that's
going to be tight uh we'll see
Middle Eastern just like us you know how
we click we get along right away well
I'm not the smartest of kids but I'm
guessing that either they're doing the
baby food challenge or Brian knocked up
some girl and he started getting
prepared so they if I had to guess who
they're doing a big time baby food
challenge yeah like I said I would love
to be in one of Adam's challenge videos
or had him do a challenge with me I
would love to collab with him but for
some reason no one's nobody thought it
was important enough to tell me that he
was coming here I'm not too sure why but
that was just is okay guys so Lauren's
just got here and apparently he knew
about Adam coming um I'm not sure if
he's gonna collab with them or if he's
gonna be in the video with them maybe
record a video I'm not sure but um I
might I might sound a little salty and
I'm not I just think that it's a little
fucked up to on include a friend in
plans over your brother if you guys know
what I mean um let me make myself more
clear I just feel like if I was in this
situation the same exact position I
would find it more appropriate to
include my own brother in plans over my
best friend Lauren's no matter how close
we are
um and I'm sure a lot of you guys think
the same way but that's wrong and that's
me I guess we have different mindsets on
how things work and um i'ma leave it at
that
wings and things courtesy of my girl and
I have a update on my card laughs I
called this like repair shop to ask them
if I can open my hood without physically
getting into my car because it won't
walk and they said that you can't pop
open the hood unless it's from now you
can't pop open the hood unless you get
into your car so now we have to call a
towing company so they could like break
into my car I guess and open it and
therefore we're gonna pop the hood and
we're gonna try to jump the battery hold
on mom if that works
so yeah the towing company is coming
they're getting into my car we're gonna
pop the hood jumper cables try to
jumpstart it and if that works then it
works if it doesn't Bosley I'm trying to
record if that doesn't work then the
towing company that's already here has
to take my car away and they gotta check
it out the dealer so hopefully it's just
the battery but either way the towing
company is coming and they gotta get
into my car we're trying to ask
Jackie's stepdad for help is he miss
Scottie so she said he's crazy I love
him um he's a Bulls fan okay so you have
the tonk I have to call the towing
company and they're gonna get into my
car and we'll see what we're gonna do
from there okay I'm calling my I'm
calling my insurance right now okay guys
so um while I was calling the insurance
company my dad told me not to he said to
wait for him to get home and that he's
gonna try to fix it and um my dad said
he could fix everything so I'm gonna
take his word for it he painted my room
he's fixed my camera he's done a bunch
of things around the house so hopefully
this is the same constant so no more
towing no more insurance we're just
gonna wait for my dad to come home and
see what he could do you know people are
complaining about me holding the camera
like this my girlfriend complains about
that tube
give me like seven chins you don't have
any fat warehouse up fat face not have
to start holding it like this I don't
like it guys so jock Jackie's stepdad
Scottie might've came to the rescue
he said that Scottie said that there's
like us you take something out of the
key and you can get into the car somehow
through the key with okay so look
my keys are empty we took the thing out
can I just say I'm smarter than one
please say it we have a class together
we'll see who's smarter at the end of
the semester you're not smarter than me
you're cuter than me but you're not
smarter okay here okay you're smarter
than me thank you you better put that in
can you guys tell him dress better
literally what inside look at you what
are you wearing
okay
okay first time first of all you guys
can I just say I'm so mad because this
whole time I came here I was thinking he
had used his key already I did it and he
doesn't see this how do you not see that
I'm so mad at you what makes my battery
okay we got into March now those two
seats they just fell over
oh yeah oh this is my cup oh but uh so
yeah we hope we got into my car now from
one door but we're softer jumpstart the
battery so we're gonna wait for pops
pups but now we don't have to call the
we'd have to call the towing people but
well no yeah we got into the car cuz I'm
so smart
no you know what this whole time his key
you know what he missed you know that
you know how you open a normal car okay
go buy doors there's no way that's an
who does I have deprecated oh you guys
know how to hurt so now we're gonna go
she's like George asked yeah George's
wife here's the fun fact of the vehicle
it George the wife has the same name as
Jackie's mom Mary Lou guys fixes cars
that's really deserve good right we go
no we're going to oh I have my
hoverboard actually if I have to use it
to sponsor than your car not okay so
we're gonna go after George that I told
them I didn't conscience cuz you can do
everything you paint in my room you fix
my camera what are they called
no they're not coming okay dad so should
I go out George we don't have any right
look at this beauty
let him be put it down because I think
it's training about this battery yeah my
battery is being drained yeah this is
the second time it's happened so but
like to try it so hopefully it is the
battery and sorry to the Dukedom
tomorrow
we can have one well yeah rugs car
wasn't the hood wasn't popping open so
we're gonna do it through my dad's car
mom I'm gonna step in
let's get to work
the audience the cheerleaders
okay
it's working it works thank God
time to go to the gym I'm dessert
no really thank God it works if you
can't press a gas okay press on the gas
pedal
cuz I'm saved
and leave it thank God we didn't call
insurance think all we didn't call the
towing company thanks to my dad I told
them you know how to fix everything
maybe I said it in a sarcastic way but I
cannot fix the engine so I know I'm
going out tomorrow or maybe next week
maybe next month the filter engine fell
off hey
sons and calves about the star in
Cleveland
my dad says why should I you can watch
Bosley no don't wobble your way outside
we got to go back inside so to the help
of my neighbor his grandson my dad my
mom my girlfriend my girlfriend step
down myself rug we got my car back to
working and it's good you're in the vlog
don't be scared he's looking for you
don't turn around
wait so what are you guys best friends
we're late
oh really you guys came together from
New York just for fun or what you guys
okay to my cousin nor Adam has something
to say yeah happy late birthday Nord
he's going to take a picture sweaty yeah
paws we sons and calves een pray for the
sons okay hold on hold on why are you
giving me this look at me they are Lee
why are they so happy they're the
happiest animal in the world they would
never get depressed they're the anti
Bosley
always smiling no wait look hmm let me
show you a funny one
why do you memorize these pictures yeah
I saw it on Twitter okay guys I'm really
odd how do you say your last name salad
I'm sorry see I I said in my blog
earlier I'm ashamed that I came tonight
because I made a loser and so are you
guys like that for those same six Allah
Salih Saleh Salah yeah yeah I got it
that's gonna conclude my box I wasn't
gonna blog today but my car broke down I
don't know if you heard that whole blog
was really trying to fix my heart
battery man always so uh yeah that's it
this all guys don't keep positive note
yes a positive yeah we fix my car thanks
to my neighbor my brother
thanks to Adam Loki but oh man so yeah
if you guys want to check out what jobs
you do my brother would you rather hit
yeah we did would you rather and he did
a big baby food and I have a blog right
here so on like I'm out right now for
what is out Adam while the Adam is out
Adam it was nice to meet him - I told
you tell me why it says he sold I Middle
Eastern the kick right away is battered
let's hose up
