first year school and I have to talk
really quiet because I want to sleep to
sleep I'm just joking I just finish
aimed and now I'm about to take a shower
so long I know I'm overdue I shave
before I shower
yeah first day of school I'm supposed to
wake up at 8:40 and I woke up at 9:15
so I already woke up late and I blame
myself I went to sleep at like 3
something god I look hilarious um so
yeah go shower and change for school
I'll catch up with you guys after ok
guys so first yes alright I already woke
up late and I just realized I mean not
that it's a big deal or anything but I
didn't buy any notebooks any binder pens
pencils you know all that good stuff
not that that's important for college
I'm just joking guys that's really
important and I didn't buy any and I
have to go soon and now I'm looking
through like wall things to see if I can
find any notebooks
maybe this one is unused nope used I
don't know guys I'm really a mess right
now this is this is probably I'm gonna
title the vlog first day of school
disaster ok yeah I got to go honestly
can't forget the cost rose
I'm ready to go I keep talking about how
I'm lay and how I can't find any
notebook paper or anything but I'm gonna
go to chick-fil-a to get me some food I
think mom I have to go wish me luck
no I have to go yeah
now I quickly closed it so you know
Jesus Christ my cup of sunflower seeds
spilled last night
other question if I were to order lunch
would they take longer than breakfast
thank you
I wanted lunch but she said it's gonna
take longer than breakfast and I really
don't have time it's the first issue
also parking is already gonna be crazy
and I have the nerve to be showing up
unlimited time thank you okay
yeah so parking is always crazy like the
first week of school you always try to
show up early I have the nerve my class
starts at 11:10 and it's already 10:35
this videos what not to do on the first
day of school
honestly oh my god I just remembered
that you need a parking permit to
parking to park in the school and I
didn't buy one yet so um I can't even
park in the school I have to park like
outside and then walk all the way to my
class god I need to go and last year I
would park up the school's out of
parking permit I got a ticket so yeah
I'm not gonna try that again so I have
to park outside the school and try get
my permit enough chitchat enough logging
I need to get to class this is the class
that I'm wait-listed for and I really
hope I get it I started at number 4 on
the waitlist someone dropped it so I
moved up to number 3 and then just
yesterday somebody else dropped it so I
moved up to number 2 but hopefully I do
get the class
guys check out my backpack it's a nice
guy from the gym gave it to me for free
Phoenix Suns mm one more did you expect
I'm loaded with water for the day
because I got three classes today
I'm gonna be here for hours and hours
and hours
are you buying me juice
the only phrase she knows can you stop
it's the new Prince
40-yard dash that fell combine so I just
left class to go to the bathroom I want
to wash my hands after touching the
snails and the sons game is about to
start against the 76ers so I thought to
go home to watch that guy's the sons are
losing to the 76ers again look seven Oh
run in 48 seconds we were down by 15
points this would be our second why the
hell is Markieff Morris in the game he's
literally only in the game to improve
his trade value but um this would be our
second loss to failure this year meaning
we got swept by Philly the only team to
be swept by Philly honestly when we lose
this game meaning we got swept by Philly
this year just give us Ben Simmons right
now please NBA Adam Silver Commissioner
once the Phoenix Suns lose to Philly
just give us the number one pick in the
draft dad do you agree yeah I know guys
I'm gonna be doing a unboxing video
tomorrow
I got letters packages and I'm gonna
wait to open them I'm gonna do the
unboxing video tomorrow so it'll be up
the day after this vlog is up New York
was up by 4:00 with 50 seconds
tie game 16 seconds New York is playing
without Melo I don't even know how
they're tied right now porzingis 10
seconds left tie game
Knicks ball three seconds oh no how did
that come out how did this shot come out
watch look at this oh my god guys oh my
gosh this game is crazy took my spot you
heard my mom's into the game I'm talking
about her candy crush not the Knicks
game my brother what is he scared of my
mommy
guys look 90 to 90 Dirk posting up
Randall five seconds left
Dirk with the shot money money who
respect two legends two seconds left
Julius Randle for three and the Wayne
miss oh my god Rand almost hit that
rough way buzzer Rose ed reigning can
you believe I used to look like that I
said Brian you fucking look the same
what's the difference
actually don't mm-hmm so remember how I
was saying I was second on the wait list
for that history class and I hope I got
it one person didn't show up on the
first day so the person who was number
one on the wait list got the class and I
got bumped up to number one on the wait
list but I still didn't get it so I have
one more day on Thursday I'm gonna go
back and I have to hope that one person
doesn't show up so that I get the class
cuz that's how it works so I was second
someone didn't show up so I moved up to
first I needed two people to miss it
but I still have one more day to hope
that hopefully someone doesn't show up
cuz I need this class and this is
perfect timing for me and I really want
to take it but we'll see hoping fingers
literally crossed right now it is almost
10:30 p.m. I got no school tomorrow so
lunch time basketball you already know
guys today I didn't go to the gym at all
not only did I not go lunchtime but I
didn't go out all I can't remember the
last time I completely didn't go to the
gym for a whole day it's gotta be months
it has to be months passed since the
last time I didn't step foot in the gym
for a whole day but um
it's all the first day of school like I
said tomorrow got no class so I'm gonna
spend a bunch of time in the gym
tomorrow Suns at Cass tomorrow so that
is not going to be pretty also I find it
interesting
me and Jackie took two of the same
classes so that should be flat should be
fun it should be interesting you already
know I had to take the same classes as
my girlfriend just in case any dudes
tried to talk to her I'll be standing
right there like excuse me would you say
no I'm just joking we actually both
needed to take those classes they were
requirement to transfer so but also at
the same time I did take it sofa dude
they try anything I'll just be standing
there with a word necklace saying yes
I'm her boyfriend
but now I'm deciding if I should just
eat something small from home or if I
should go out and get me some in and out
I really want in and out but honestly at
this time
after a long day at school and I'm
already home I feel like I should just
eat something small and go to sleep but
we will see again I'm gonna open that
big package and all that fan mail from
some of you guys tomorrow and that video
will be up the day after this vlog so I
hope you guys enjoyed that as well as
you guys enjoyed this vlog guys when
your team sucks as bad as the sun's do
which I'm sure a lot of you guys know
because a lot of my subscribers are
Laker fans so you guys know watching a
team sucks is like you have nothing
better to do than stay up till almost
midnight looking at NBA mock drafts when
the draft is literally months away the
draft isn't even close but when you know
your season is over see I'm just reading
NBA mock drafts the depressing life of a
Phoenix Suns fan
