I got this
someone really sent this in the fan mail
that's literally my most hated item ever
so it's Monday today like I said I'm
taking classes Tuesday Thursday this
semester so my first day of school is
tomorrow and I'll Bosley's out without a
leash in the mailman mom the mailman is
here embossers out without a leash
pawsley
inside inside come on think food let's
go Bosley let's go inside inside inside
inside inside inside inside isn't no
here we'll go fuzzy we'll go pee in the
backyard let's go come here so I walked
in Brian's room to see Balaji before I
go to the gym and rug the rule if you
wake you move you take him out so now I
have to take Leslie out before I go to
the gym smugly you got to do your
morning pee and morning number two come
on go Bosley oh sure are the birds back
look you guys see that these birds built
a nest last year but I don't they were
here for a couple months and they never
came back but I hear them now
oh no
not sure if they're the same birds but
they sound the same
okay Bosley do your business I gotta go
to the gym actually I have to eat first
before you I can't go to the gym and
stay for hours on hours on an empty
stomach guys today at the gym it's gonna
be a long long gym session let me tell
you why because it's Monday and if you
pay close attention to my vlogs you
notice that mondays are the best for
pickup basketball whether it's lunchtime
or whether it's afternoon mondays are
always packed I think because people
don't really go during the weekend so
they can't wait to go on Mondays so I'm
gonna be playing for probably like two
and a half hours to like 1:30 and also
it just happens to be that today is my
day to work out my chest triceps and abs
chanson triceps already my longest
workout here hi buzz what you're
listening to me chest and triceps
already my longest workout throwing like
a 20 to 30 minute ab workout so that's
like an extra two hours of lifting on
top of the basketball so I'm gonna be
there for look he's looking for my mom
I'm gonna be there for like probably
around five hours wanna want to find my
mom come here yeah he's looking for my
mom
okay yeah where's my mom she over here
yep my mom's over there father was
looking for you yeah he poof so yeah
guys I'm bought but I'm not going back
to the gym at night because my
girlfriend has a day off today so we're
gonna go out later after I get back from
the gym oh yeah I'm gonna make me
something really quick and then go to
the gym guys every morning Bosley wakes
up with eye boogers and a bunch of stuff
between his nose because he's a pug so
they get dirty room fast she loves when
I wife was faced with this tool okay
okay
you
you
you wipe it the Soldado's got a bunch of
izalith ugly
the prices ride I'm bout to go at you in
five minutes
god I told y'all gonna be other
different million hours so peanut butter
and jelly sandwich for my gym session
mom why are you using my dad's Christmas
gift I got that for my dad I got it from
my dad mom you don't use the mug I got
you where is it it's right my mom
probably threw it away where is it
yeah so I don't know where the mug my
god really
this is it oh yeah it's never been used
that Papa rug was he's trying to bite
you my mom said my mom she said she
thought that as long as you got a heart
attack buzzing go go go get my dad go
yeah when I was I swear to God in the
garage
you heard why swear I'm not aligned yet
again I don't know if there's why
doesn't the goats ever come to me I want
I got the ghost you watching in my
videos the look in my prank there was a
part that their little girl goes that
said yeah or something in the garage
was it the hoe from the Attic uh-huh and
then my mom said that she heard
something guys so the ghost things
happened to Brian and my mom maybe my
dad I don't know no I want the ghost to
come to me ghosts if you're watching
this vlog stop annoying my brother he
has enough you're just asking for
trouble go yeah wait I try to sleep
tonight then we'll see what happens
guys look what I just noticed the shaker
Cup is glow-in-the-dark look at this
shit I stole it from my brother two G
fuel one that he got but I use it for my
protein and amino acids look I was about
to open the garage and I saw this chrome
the dork that's sick yeah I'm gonna open
the garage because shitting myself cuz
of what I said about the ghost see look
I thought it was just white
I just finished my chest workout my
chest is my chest is dead it's dead you
know like when you're pissed off I don't
want to say why I'm pissed but I'm
pissed you have literally the best
workouts there's no better workout than
when you're pissed off and come to you
in the weight room I'm gonna go hit my
triceps and do some abs and then I'm out
but I'm done with chess and I'm so happy
back home I already heard Bosley barking
watch Bosley watch she's gonna push the
door open why
Bosley open the door you're on camera
stop embarrassing me Bosley just push
the door oh my god
pawsley open the door why don't you open
the door stop barking at me that's it ah
where's the camera yeah I did but I'll
drop my fucking camera bye can it show
it I thought you guys pranked me Bosley
why don't you tell me huh my wife down
Malik open that you open the new one
we're waiting oh my god my stomach hurts
because I drink the pre-workout so no
food now not now I'm actually gonna
drink a protein shake for the first time
in a month
oh my god I'm definitely not ready for
this but you have to do it that's
literally enough protein for a month
fish chicken meat and a protein shake
I'm gonna know I don't like feel acid
I'm gonna die from too much protein
mm-hmm stop that stop it hold up I'm
just gonna leave it there
shout out worst party numbers I'm done
joking all protein tastes bad it's not
that one oh no where's my almond milk
already guys I like to use almond milk
because even though it tastes that it
makes it taste a little better but my
mom threw it away so we have to use
regular milk put 10 ounces look
okay now for this is literally the devil
like probably when I go to hell this is
probable if anyone make me drink every
day
one scoop look how much food and fish in
the oven every single one of my
subscribers are invited to eat and there
would still be leftover food look okay
wait let's go over it shrimp chicken
rice and roast broccoli and cheddar soup
steak vegetables fruit fish dog um I'm
making another soup - more cinnamon
lentil rice and more steak boiled water
time to eat
would you kill me if I brought fast food
guys look how much buzz it loves my dad
puzzle you want to go by my dad come
here he's here come here ya go ya round
dad you missed Family Feud that was
another one for 32 5 I'll eat your home
for the Spurs and warrior Duncan's
resting I told you he's gonna sit him
out yes it was supposed to do that yeah
I know he's just trying to show that he
doesn't care about a regular-season game
Bosley inside ya know but I think
warriors win today at home no Duncan
Spurs take the series in the playoffs if
they meet Bosley let's go inside i hyped
up how much you like my dad and you walk
right past him oh you want to pee over
there we go hi ok let's go inside
stop stealing my girlfriend well she'll
be here all night
why I literally got kicked out of the
room by my mom and Jackie for what
DeMarcus Cousins how much of this is 56
freakin points one night after he scored
48 his career high comes back with 56
points that's crazy
for a big man he's the most dominant big
man in the game I don't care guys
don't ask me why I'm here I'm at the gym
it's fucking like 10:15 right now I just
came to shoot around a little they
closed out 11:00 so I have like 45
minutes I didn't want to shoot around
outside I just wanted to play on an
actual hoop so I'm gonna shoot around
it's freezing right now I got my first
day of classes tomorrow so I do not know
why I'm here guys so I went to the gym
and they were playing full core at this
time and I told you guys I just wanted
to shoot around I wanted to be by myself
and shoot around and they weren't gonna
be dumb playing for a while so honestly
I left the gym and I decided to come to
the park as stupid as that is because
it's like really late right now and it's
freezing cold honestly it's like 50
degrees right now but they got a
basketball court right there and I got
my outdoor balls so on shoot around
right here I wanted to play but the gym
was packed for some reason it was packed
at this time
I really why I saw I'm gonna get
kidnapped or the ghost that I was on
talking shit about is literally gonna
come trap me over here fucking eat my
heart out sacrifice my body into hell
okay why am I talking about this now I'm
really scared okay so I find a sweater
on the floor okay honestly what the fuck
oh my god the balls about to go in the
playground holy shit guys I'm so fucking
scared oh I'm literally the only person
at this park ball is life you feel me
guys wasn't I right about my warriors
pick if you watched my bro wadis NBA
show I made an episode yesterday um that
although I picked the Spurs to win in a
seven-game series in the playoffs I did
have the Warriors winning tonight which
they did so I was right about that did I
know they were gonna smash by 30 nope
but I knew they were gonna take the win
tonight especially once
Duncan was out a the Warriors have
literally been the definition of
dominant this season you got to respect
that they're the best team in the league
and when I picked the Spurs to beat them
in the playoffs
that's no disrespect to the Warriors
that's just my opinion
the words I've been the best team not
only in the league but the best team
possibly in NBA history so far this
season
my fingers are literally icicles my nose
is running my body is frozen I don't
know why I'm here
look at the sign I just saw basketball
plays prohibited after dusk after dusk
and I'm playing 1 through 10 how savage
who me
let's go sons come on come on sons yeah
I'm good I'll need any water yeah I just
got subbed out for Eric Bledsoe so I'm
on the bench now taking my breather oh
you good all right I bless was back on
the bench back in the game
catch you guys later to end the night
and the flog it's time to order carne
asada burrito hi can I have a carne
asada burrito with no Mexican salsa but
add cheese um no that's it
thank you thank you Eric Bledsoe and as
if I pull to the window and Eric Bledsoe
is working that fucking Mexican solenoid
well well well look who decided to come
downstairs only when there's food on the
table give me five give me five oh now
you listen huh fine you're lucky I'm
being nice but you don't forget that
okay so I just finished editing my vlog
and look what time it is it's 1:30 in
the morning and I got class tomorrow
like I said first day of school so I do
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog more
than I enjoyed my first day of school
um yeah good night you guys and wish me
luck tomorrow I got to be up in a few
hours so good night everybody
