what is going on guys Brandon here aka
bro wadis and today this is an episode
of the broadest NBA show if you guys
have been with me from the start you
would know that I used to only upload
the bro wadis NBA show I didn't do any
vlogs no challenges no nothing no pranks
my channel used to be straight
basketball talk but um then my channel
started expanding and I know a ton of my
subs came from rug and I know they're
not really into basketball they're more
into my other stuff so I kind of cut
down on that but I want to bring you
back up that's me I love talking about
basketball I love educating people about
basketball
I love debating basketball I just love
anything that has to do with NBA so um I
won't ever do the broadest NBA show and
leave that as my only upload the only
time I'll do the broadest NBA show is if
I've already uploaded either a flaw
challenge or prank and then I'll just
throw NAB rewards NBA show has a double
upload so I don't feel like that'll be a
problem to my subs um today I wanted to
talk about two things one the signs full
tank mode um they're in full tank mode
there is no reason for them to try to
win any games they're not gonna make the
playoffs matter of fact they're one of
the worst teams in the league if not the
worst team in the league um they have
the fourth worst record behind Brooklyn
Philly and LA they're trying to get a
top three picks so on Eric Bledsoe out
for the season
following his knee surgery Brandon
Knight's missing games here and there if
the Suns were in uh playoff chase Ben
and I would be playing but since they're
tanking they're holding him out honestly
I got the best news on my phone today
Brandon Knights gonna miss the next four
games the only news better than that
that I'll get is if he was gonna be
kicked out of the league honestly no I'm
just joking I don't hate Brandon Knight
that much I just don't want him on the
Sun she's very inefficient he plays no
defense and now he's a stashing stuffer
if you look at the statutes you say Wow
Brandon Knight is really good but if you
actually watch the games he is not a
good point guard um I hope the Suns find
a way to trade him whether it's out the
trade deadline or after this
you got blood tail coming back next year
and you finally have a true shooting
guard in Devon Booker the sons I've been
running this two point guard system
thinking it's gonna work no it doesn't
look at all the top teams the Spurs
warriors and Cavs they've got a point
guard and a shooting guard look at OKC
they got a point on the shooting on the
Clippers they got Chris Paul there's no
team that successful running a two point
guard system get rid of one of the
guards and I'm hoping it's not Bledsoe
I'm hoping they get rid of nice start
Devin Booker next season speaking of
Devin Booker his last three games 32
points 25 points and 15 points that last
game 15 was not that good but you
consider he just turned 19 years old and
he's a rookie 15 points above average so
on
he's been going off recently and he's 6
6 over 200 pounds he's great shots for a
2 car the Suns don't need to be running
a two point guard system anymore I'm
hoping they find a way to get rid of
Knight enough about the Suns I'm gonna
say is that I used to get really upset
really mad you guys saw my reactions
when they would lose but now losses
honestly are better at this point
there's no point for the Suns to win any
games the more losses the better you get
a high draft pick and you go from there
you start over next season the main
reason that I was doing the show today
is because if you don't know what's
coming on in a few hours then you can't
call yourself a true NBA fan this is the
game that everyone's been waiting for
this is this game is possibly the
greatest regular-season game to ever be
played there San Antonio Spurs with only
six losses at this point against the
Golden State Warriors who only have four
losses at this point no two teams have
ever met with this good of a record um
it's in Golden State gold and se is
undefeated at home San Antonio is
undefeated at home too but that doesn't
matter right now cuz they're playing in
Golden State this game is going to be
close it's gonna be really good
and I can't wait to watch it if you call
yourself an NBA fan you gotta watch this
game it's this is potential Western
Conference Finals matchup right here I
don't see the Thunder or Clippers
beating the Spurs or words this could be
the Western Conference Finals um if you
watch
vlogs and you pay attention to every
detail you you've heard me say that I
picked the Spurs to beat the Golden
State Warriors in a seven-game series
tonight is not a seven-game series I'm
going Golden State winning tonight for
for two reasons one Popovich you knew he
was gonna arrest players he took Tim
Duncan out Tim Duncan and I'm gonna be
out the game so Tim Duncan's breasting
the game is in gold and say which makes
it really tough in just a simple fact
that Popovich he does not really care
about these regular-season games um for
all he could take a loss and he'll sleep
perfectly well at night whereas gold and
stay there trying to prove that you know
Championships were playing at home like
this is our core ball ball I call this
I'm taking the Warriors tonight but like
I said I'm taking the Spurs in the
playoffs
um but yeah if you guys are asking about
tonight I want to know who you guys are
picking tonight cuz tonight's a great
game like I said maybe one of the best
regular season matchups in NBA history
maybe it lives up to the hype maybe it
doesn't because this game has gotten so
much hype but um yeah if I'm the Spurs I
put Kawhi Leonard on Seth Curry Kauai
six seven with huge hands and you hope
that Tony Parker either you put him on
Clair you put him on here some Barnes
because even though that's a huge
mismatch klay Thompson six six Harrison
Barnes is six eight you'd rather have
clay or Barnes kill you than you do
Steph so you put Leonard on Steph and go
from there would I be surprised if the
Spurs win tonight no they're arguably
the best team in the league but am i
picking them to win no I'm going Golden
State huh I mean yeah the only way I see
the Spurs winning tonight is if Steph
has an off game and then you have
someone step up for San Antonio whether
that's Ginobili off the bench whether
LaMarcus has one of his Portland Blazers
days and he puts up like 26 27 anyways
yeah so that's pretty much gonna do it
for today's bruh wadis NBA show it was
pretty sure I just talked about bran and
I being terribly inefficient with no
defense devin booker being the future of
the suns and the rising star for phoenix
and i talked about the Spurs and
warriors game i want to know what you
guys think about tonight's game I can't
believe pop you knew he was gonna do
like that resting Duncan I don't think
he wants to show his whole team how then
he wants to show all the tricks he has
until playoff time
so I guess smart move by him but anyways
leave in the comments below what you
guys think and I hope you guys have a
great day but what is I'm out
