so me and my brother just opened up a
bunch of fan mail Bosley what are you
doing you were just sleeping we opened
up a bunch of fan mail my brother got a
ton of stuff and I got some stuff as
well my brother actually got pranked
with cocaine this guy said that he's
sent in cocaine it was pretty funny but
let's go back upstairs you gotta go to
sleep
but yeah I got a few things as well but
here's what I got
briefly I'll show you okay dad now that
the fourth quarter started you could
change your mind or you could keep your
pick who's gonna win Denver
Denver's defense is killing Brady father
who do you think is gonna win Denver New
England oh yeah I just had some 7up made
courtesy of Ron Ron the bartender in
making father what do you have in there
Denver is proving me wrong and my dad
with another one fourth one dad Spurs
and warriors tomorrow
yeah everyone's talking about these that
understand tomorrow is the real best
game of the season
buzzer what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing Bosley okay
what music I know but what is so good
about that Bosley you see a picture on
your on my dad's phone
that Archie Goodwin's buzzer-beater
Archie Goodwin gave us the good win last
night guys look I love this drawing
it's my logo a picture of me I think
that looks like me but someone needs to
give him a fresh cut really quick
because that haircut is Loki mmm I don't
know an Apple iTunes gift card thank you
very much I forget the names cuz they
were in rugs video Phoenix Suns sticker
I'm not sure where I'm gonna put this
but it's definitely going up on my wall
a Los Angeles Lakers bracelet this one
was not cool he even put he said and the
Lakers bracelet is for Brandon so
whoever sent me this oh wait
and this one by far my favorite because
my girlfriend is gonna be here any
minute now so put that to use I'm just
joking you guys that one was it was
funny guys so my Super Bowl pic of on
Patriots versus Cardinals let's just say
that I'm gonna stick to basketball from
now on um football NFL but um anyways
yeah honestly you snow my Super Bowl pic
was way off but you can't blame me a
bunch of people had the Patriots beating
the Broncos a lot of people did have the
Panthers beating the Cardinals but I
thought Cardinals would take it I was
wrong on both pigs so uh mistake the
basketball from now on but no honestly
snow I don't know why I said that again
school starts today but I'm not taking
Monday Wednesday classes I'm taking
Tuesday Thursday so today's Monday
obviously I don't have class today but
tomorrow is my first day and um I'm not
gonna lie I'm not excited but you got to
do what you got to do so there's that
anyways um this was a really shortened
vlog because I spent the rest of the day
with my girl so instead of cutting it
short and having like a bad video for
you guys today here's a game of horse
between me and fuck-boy on the social
corner
a few days ago and I hope you guys enjoy
oh by the way I forgot to mention um I'm
working on a few pranks and I don't want
to spoil any of them but um they're
pretty big and I'm hoping I can execute
them well because sometimes you think of
a prank and then you do and it turns out
really shitty so I'm hoping I can not
only execute them well but I just hope
that they work too how I see them in my
head but um so yeah stay stay tuned for
those I have a couple planned out I just
need a perfect time to do them and
honestly if you follow me on Twitter you
know this information before my videos
Twitter like my go-to stores like if you
do have a Twitter follow me it's in the
description below and that's where you
get like all the up-to-date news on my
videos but anyways yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this game of it's actually Pig
because my camera was dying so we didn't
have time to play horse so it's actually
Pig horse with Sherman the britman yeah
hey where are you taking a pig before
the challenge video ok today's video
challenge video with Anthony we're gonna
be playing Forrest he has a bad song
he's right there and I have my ball and
I didn't have an upload for today
Anthony so why not we're gonna be
playing horse if you don't know what
horse did it pretty much I'm gonna take
us all or Anthony's gonna take a shot
wherever it is or whatever kind of shot
the other person has to replicate it
exactly and if you don't do it exact
thing you get a letter first one to
spell out horse losses so you try not to
get letters you know right yeah yeah no
don't look and I'm playing in sandals ok
shoot your shot shoot your shot in my
girl's DMS
all right thing about the left hand
thingy one has to be off the glide
yeah I have my favorite dude I hate you
I hate you
okay hold on
