tell me if you spot a fuck-boy anywhere
I spy with my little eye a foot boy
flipping me off so yeah I just brought
some jack-in-the-box Anthony says he
doesn't want anything but I know he's
gonna eat so I brought some extra food
oh oh no he's coming
what no I only have 20% I forgot my
camera charger so why are you cutting me
over there I was saying spot the fuck
boy grated you fat ass Hey beyond the
fuck boy you are awesome jack-in-the-box
walking away now entering we're entering
the trap
get copyrighted I'm gonna get
copyrighted the trap about why your
anthony's vlogs why not mine ready for
school guys this is our final weekend
saturday our school starts up waiting
are you taking Monday Wednesday or
Tuesday Thursday yeah me too thought off
school Monday I'm I'm Duke guy I love
you too Chanel clothes in the kit this
is really a trap got breakfast Jack
chicken sandwich chicken nuggets I'm
shaking off duty video for today
chicken chicken lesbians Youkilis a
double play today no way
are you better than rug I bet it
shitload new intro they already ate from
mine I'm just joking I took a few bites
during the car right here you see my new
intro yawn your story yeah I need a new
intro I'm serious no actually I just
need a new song for mine cuz I asked for
five chicken nuggets they gave me like
80 look Anthony watched his own vlogs I
was showing pretty sure yeah he's sure
Danny something soggy guys is my first
time actually trying coconut straight
from the fucking show what oh wait hold
on I want to try it
wait hit ooh hold the camera I wanna go
to our how many piece you want to cut it
it's impossible no it's not hot you call
this impossible
fuck angry grandpa uploaded a new video
that's why Jo cannot know it just got
pulled like 10 minutes ago put on the TV
ill fuck with that I totally need sugar
yeah three years baseball oh you have a
three strikeouts a game soccer Oh what
the new anger grandpa video he tried the
burger from Burger King
okay the coconut was gross so we decided
we need to add some sugar no way hey
first no I how would you do that because
just eat it you're not Brian it's okay
if we have fun Brian's in LA I know
Freddy oh my god Brian is promoting this
brothers promoting the jack-in-the-box
what he's promoting Jack haha that's all
he went to LA right or some event for a
jack-in-the-box it wasn't put the damn
thing really I just noticed this really
yeah that's your name fuck boy it's not
Sherman just change your youtube name
right now yeah I'm good I try to reclaim
those flies away wait you can't see
there's a crow taking a bath in
Anthony's fountain look
Anthony you can't see shit
fucking open the door not in flower walk
you won't
crows are crazy oh my god he flew Annie
let's play basketball hi yeah yeah yeah
I already know the comments r.i.p
headphone users at that time wait let's
go play basketball I was high let's go
lose some weight
come on sorry yeah
you
Anthony's coming with me to get my
haircut how good of a friend guys it's
been nine days since I've gone a haircut
nine because school is starting so like
I had to wait for it till so it's kind
of fresh when school starts I was I was
gonna get on Monday but I can't wait
that long wait no he can wait stop
fucking driving I have the right of way
on pedestrian no the inside inside
inside me ensure a smooth sure mother
Verma get down Bosley that whole thing
was just fat do you like my hair yeah I
do
wait what did you tell Anthony he has a
first-class ticket where to hell I knew
with him my mom sent me a brandon guru
is the one who ripped my chicken my mom
said that me and Anthony have two
tickets $24,000 Stansted lipsti tickets
for admission she said she's had a
one-way flight to hell us yeah you guys
hey you guys pizza sticks from the ends
of things
Ranjith honey barbecue mmm pork -
laughing no no falafel yeah puzzle you
wanna go father you want to go for a
walk
hey you want to go for a walk but Annie
put it down it buzzer you wanna go for a
walk yeah we're gonna go for a walk ask
sit hey if you want to go for a walk sit
okay and you also gotta give me your
hand okay we'll go after Anthony does
the Rhodos I drop jelly but Brennan
always tells me these are the most paint
they burn like shit Basel you I'm
putting them in your eyes next I have
two fun eyedrops not for the reason you
guys thing I said put eyedrops all time
because my remember how when my yeah
yeah your house Anthony had allergies
these ones are 10 tangles and what
because of Bazar you really yeah Bosley
gave you ready go there's one put the
other one hurry hurry I'm gonna miss you
man yeah buddy
aah oh my god you pussy I might wait
just close your eyes ah wait close and
then look at open them and look at me
Bosley you're negs Bosley you really
want to go on this wall calm let's go
let's go on the walk let's go my eyes
still hey come on let's go for a walk we
go No hey easy Bosley you skip the step
let's go for a walk
let go watch she's gonna skip the last
step watch oh he didn't we're gonna go
from the garage let's go Bosley you're
eight Bosley okay calm down
yeah where are my sandals at inside take
them off so big I know guys my feet are
so big and you already know what they
say if a small dick hmm where's his
leash that I know not my first walk it's
right here what do you not have fuckin
shoes why you have shares the airport
lounge and it ain't long put on Bosley's
first piss right on my car go I'm gonna
get my jacket here you Jackson one here
Mike are you leading from weird
no no the sons are actually winning el
the Sunday I should be in the hard way
sure they're gonna lose when it's all
said and done though Devin Booker the
closest thing to God
shoot the ball ah ty sons actually won
that was a fuckin no those bad races you
wouldn't believe it
I had my reaction never won a stunt
buzzer buzzer beater tonight Archie
Goodwin he's having a three-point
shooter he's not a three-point shooter
guys that was fucking crazy and I wish I
had my whole reaction but like I don't
do we actually son's games anymore
because they're fucking like crazy bad
and I left my camera in the car
so I just had that little snapchat clip
that was crazy I was so hyped Anthony
what did I do
aah screaming I thought the neighbors
were getting call a cop it was crazy so
loud what's crazy aren't you going oh my
god Bosley did you see that son's game
did you see that hey easy Bosley that
couch was high you want to go upstairs
my Anthony I want to go see the fuck-boy
guys Anthony when I shave I forgot why I
tried to shave this morning rose but I'm
not letting him use my razor ah tweezing
is fucking beep probably anything so I
was in Tyson right here
do you see relief yeah
what's for be fast what is this
the maestro the breakfast mice which
one's mine to only want to live on for
more protein bog Lee you want to go out
I want to go out uh yeah dad dad who's
winning tonight's games well that's how
we disagree Patriots and Cardinals
Patriots and Cardinal watch weighted
bicycle
Oh guys so listen why I'm screwed
yesterday I was getting my cut and me
and my barber hold on me and my barber
we're talking about the Sun team and he
was he was saying he was like oh yeah
cuz he was he's betting on the game he
said oh who should I take
Atlanta or Phoenix and obviously I said
the Suns in the last 17 games have won
once they were 1 in 16 their last 17
games Brandon Knight was out that's 20
points a game Eric Bledsoe out that's 22
points a game Markieff Morris out John
Laurel Ronnie price out all of them
injured and they're playing Atlanta one
of the best teams in the East the top
four team in the East so I told him I
said oh yeah I love the Suns but take
the Hawks like yeah the Suns are going
to win aren't you good win it's a damn
buzzer beater so Barbour next time I go
I'm already expecting a fucked-up
haircut I don't blame you so uh yeah
guys can someone please just answer this
question for me why the hell does Tyson
Chandler have a job in the NBA just
please someone tell me why the hell is
Tyson Chandler still an NBA player guys
so you saw two days ago I was literally
questioning why the hell Tyson Chandler
is even in the league anymore he's been
averaging like four or five points a
game in like seven rebounds a whole year
literally the next sounds game right
after I make that video there was a clip
in my vlog Tyson Chandler 13 points 27
rebounds and five assists are you
kidding 13:27 and five i'ma leave it at
that I'm concluding the vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed
Tyson Chandler literally made me eat my
words shit them out and then eat them
again like 1327 and five I'm done I'm
out peace out guys
