time to go to the gym
lunchtime basketball oh wait I think I'm
missing something
oh yeah where are they oh they're right
here literally literally 12 hours I
found out the gym yesterday I played
like six hours of basketball and I'm
back at it again my back and knees were
so back it's time to go play ball
literally why look what happened to my
lace this is like sliding off it doesn't
even have the orange tip anymore but I
was planning on getting new basketball
shoes anyways like I mentioned not
because of the lace laces are easy to
replace but I've just had these for
years like I said in my other vlog
though I want orange and purple
basketball shoes those are the only ones
I wear and I refuse to buy Kobe's I
refuse to purchase Kobe's even if
they're orange and purple I would not
buy Kobe's no way video is about to be
done rendering
I just finished playing basketball and
dying
now I'm working on some you know that's
not my only ever gonna tattoos if it's
something rug would die from the pain of
a tattoo he would like he would turn to
dust and bones in the
yes a new light turned on Bosley oh wait
guys this is the my cousin who drew me
the letter that I showed you this is the
artist I'm going to eat it with Jackie
don't love you hey you get the rod Spurs
are beating warriors in the playoffs
yeah they are I'll kill myself well get
get whatever you're gonna do okay so
you're happy that the Kings are the
eight seed right now so when it's golden
saber Sacramento in the first round then
what they're losing two Spurs in the
playoffs just remember my word yes no 99
percent of the world Kings stories
Spurs are beating the Warriors Monday no
listen the Warriors are beating the
Spurs on Monday let me tell you why
Popovich doesn't want to show everything
he has during the regular season he's
gonna wait till the playoffs Warriors
will win Monday and then on playoffs
Spurs will win my dad said if our family
went on family feud we would lose
because of who he said my mom would
answer all the wrong I got my first
package for the P oh oh hi paratus
watching videos every day so we hope you
enjoy this we thought it would go with
your room well from been a and Ethan K
and they also look a Phoenix Suns pill
pen this is definitely going up in my
room oh my god I actually looked get
open oh my god it's a pillow guys thank
you so much
too bad you don't even watch the Sun
schemes buggy
Thank You Ben and eating this is my
girlfriend I already stole my kids back
Bosley already got his five minutes of
daily play okay okay I'll buy them from
you now I'll buy her okay guys so thank
you again I tweeted out a picture up
against I actually loved it I do love
the gift thank you so much
that should I go back to the gym or go
to the mall why-why-why but wait what am
i doing at home the son game is at 7:45
hey Bosley Blake Griffin he's been out
in over a month now oh yeah that's when
they won ten in a row so but his name is
Bledsoe guys Jackie this is Jackie's
favorite show but yeah his name is blood
so guys I really can't decide either I'm
going back to the gym which is
absolutely crazy because like I said
yesterday I played I know six seven
hours Monday I played six seven hours
Tuesday I played like three and just
this morning I just came back like I
played there for three hours if I go
back that's honestly nuts either I'm
going back to the gym or I'm going to
the mall to buy myself new basketball
shoes I have like five minutes to decide
because I need to go nice optic hoody
guys it's like six something right now
like six ten I'm about to go to the mall
by myself I think I'm gonna pick up some
new basketball shoes I'm not completely
sure it depends how much they are and if
I find any nice ones but yeah I decided
not to go back to the gym because
honestly my body's so dead but I'll be
back in time to watch the sons game why
if I had an answer trust me I would tell
you guys but I have no answer for what
I'm gonna come back to watch the game oh
yeah I gotta go really quick down I'll
catch my vlog some footage while I'm at
the mall by myself I asked Anthony it
says dad's birthday so he's out eating
dinner
Stephanie's Anthony's sister so she's
out to rug
oh I don't want to go to the mall okay
it's like everyone's allergic to me
today Jackie's at work now so I know I'm
bout to go by myself
so this isn't really a challenge but it
could might as well be a challenge so
these I'm sure many of you know what
they are Rodos their eye drops jackie
has like this thing in her eye and one
of her eyes so like she has you there
really really strong like I'm sure you
smokers know about these um they're
really strong like you there's clear
eyes there's Visine yeah you put them in
whatever these ones and these are the
ice so they're extra like like rhodos
are known they burn the shit out of your
eyes and yeah Jackie left them at my
house so uh Rodo not just regular rotos
but roto ice they're even worse even
stronger I'll just do this for you guys
I don't need them whatever my eyes why
right now they literally burn so bad
make you cry fuck I'll show you guys my
eyes look oh shit oh fuck they stink I'm
telling you you guys might have Visine
or clear eyes and you guys are like oh
you're such a pussy that doesn't even
hurt go buy Rodos not just now just look
at this guy's look not just road oh but
road Oh ice and then tell me how that
goes Wow this is how I am after the
son's games recently guys oh my god so I
just got the injury report for the sons
and Spurs game it's bad enough we're
facing the Spurs which we would probably
already lose by 100 Eric Bledsoe Brandon
Knight Markieff Morris Markieff John
lure Mirza teletovic and Ronnie price
are all out due to injury that's six
players against the spirit Oh Eric
Bledsoe Brandon Knight Markieff John
lure to let of it wow that's if the
sound
lose by a hundred fully healthy they're
losing by five million tonight that is
crazy that and it's on TNT it's on
national live television so everyone's
gonna watch us get killed but um yeah
it's it's no surprise the Suns are in
full tank mode right now they're trying
to lose every single game possible um
you're gonna see near the trade deadline
they're gonna start trading some of
their players for pigs or a future
castrate they're just trying to get a
high draft pick right now they're not
even trying to win games anymore um
another thing guys I was I was like
reading the comments I read like all 800
comments on my last video the one of
huge fan mail disappointment the fact
that you guys are calling me ungrateful
and like oh no one's gonna send you fan
mail when you act like that guys it's a
joke I've had YouTube for about seven
eight months I've been uploading almost
daily for a while now and you guys still
don't get my sense of humor come on like
I'm obviously joking I'm not really but
her I'm not really ungrateful everything
I see you guys need to catch my sense of
humor I'm a very like very like I tried
it I like to joke around about
everything like even though sometimes
it's a little too much and I understand
that a lot of you guys are younger
because you guys came from rug but I
want you guys to understand that I make
a lot of jokes and I just speak like I'm
never serious like a lot of you guys
have picked that up about me I'm very
like joking just in general in life but
a lot of you guys oh you're so
ungrateful I'm never you sending your
fan mail all about guys I was just
joking like that whole videos like I
wasn't even mad for one second but oh
well that's for you guys to decide I
gotta put gas first who number one is
open for Devin Booker stop right there
no no I gotta get number one I'm not
getting number for Tyson Chandler has
been asked this year skip number four
here we go number one Devin Booker for
his career-high last game I got a
reverse into this ya guys so if you
didn't know I always pump gas
I always pump gas I the Phoenix Suns
players number today it's Devin Booker
some chips I have no hands to eat it I'm
gonna drink it
by myself
I'm not even going inside the pet store
because as much as I want to see the
child's the workers
I don't definitely know all the workers
to see me
they're gonna think I'm crazy so I
mentioned in one of my older vlogs that
these fries are so hot they're literally
burning spicy I don't know why get them
cuz I don't even like spicy food but oh
my god if you haven't tried them they're
crazy spicy
Oh
but only the second in touches your lip
or tongue and burns so bad
we will we're in
my hand
look I took them both out by myself you
guys are crazy
you guys are crazy you're crazy don't
bite don't bite if you bought you're
going back if you buy you're going back
in the cage hey princess they're
literally just ignoring the in plane
with each other hello I'm here to play
with you guys
now could you say hi to Jackie to come
echoing you're so fat
there's so much fatter than
I just bought a corndog literally came
to the mall by myself got french fries
played with fucking to child child like
a grandma by myself in the little
playpen playing with two dogs like I'm a
single old grandma and now I'm eating a
hot dog and then I'm gonna go watch a
son's name just had the corn dog now I'm
gonna go get some cookies I'm not done
I'm gonna get some miss fields cookies I
literally I came here to buy basketball
shoes I didn't even step into Foot
Locker I didn't even look at the shoes
like I'm so done
guys I'm not doing a reaction to this
game I'm not doing a anything for this
Suns and Spurs game I'm gonna say Spurs
stop toying with my emotions because I
know you guys gonna end up winning
so stop keeping it close and second all
I'm gonna say
before what enjoying the rest of this
enjoying the rest of this game Devin
Booker and TJ Warren are the future of
the Phoenix Suns let's put it that way
simple and they're pretty damn good TJ
Warren and Devin Booker are there
they're young talented they're the
future of this team there's no way
around it guys on top of all the
injuries I mentioned before PJ Tucker
got injured during the game and he left
and he's not gonna return so that leaves
the Suns with eight players active on
the team and seven injured that's
literally half the team injured guys can
someone please just answer this question
for me why the hell it is Tyson Chandler
I have a job in the NBA just please
someone tell me why the hell is Tyson
Chandler still an NBA player oh no I've
been caught again Bosley did you catch
me playing with the other dogs
you caught me again
okay Bosley no Russell but Larry just
scored on the sun's too it's good night
the world is officially ending Rasual
Butler right there right there just
scored on the sun's I don't know
what are you doing Bosley what are you
doing that's why we put all the dirty
clothes why are you sitting there are
you still mad at me that I went to go
see the dogs okay you want to come play
some basketball game I'm about to go
play some basketball outside yes you
heard that correctly I'm about to go
play some basketball outside shoot
around by myself I should be editing
this vlog I should be going to sleep I
should be I don't know doing something
else but instead I'm gonna go shoot
around because I was deciding to go to
the gym or the mall and I chose the mall
so now I'm gonna go shoot around outside
I'm just bored and I love shooting
around by myself there's the damn sewer
I was telling you guys I was scared of
and I found out what the clown's name
was from the movie Stephen King's it it
was penny wise a boy who said that you
don't know that's so funny but yeah
there's a bunch of you guys you already
know what time it is time to go play
some lunch I'm basketball but that's
after I finish editing the vlog
have like maybe 20 or 30 more minutes
and Friday this marks my last weekend of
winter break before school starts but
I'm concluding the vlog right now so
wish me luck when I go play basketball
and I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I
hope you guys have an amazing Friday
peace
