gotta tie my left shoe before going to
the gym that is what I'm on my way right
now guys everybody asks me why I wear
two socks I wear two socks because for
two reasons one it makes the shoe
tighter like it makes your foot fit
better you don't want to play in loose
basketball shoes you could sprain your
ankle and second because I don't want
any blisters so it's like more support
and more comfort for your feet you don't
get blisters and I'm planning on getting
new basketball shoes but I only wear
orange and purple basketball shoes so on
I need to find those and I always double
time always like I said I can't play a
loose basketball shoes they have to be
tight because you don't want to sprain
your ankle you gotta treat your
basketball shoes like you treat girls
I'm just but uh yeah I think since I'm a
little early to play I'm gonna go pick
me up some chick fillet for the way to
the gym
guys who remember that's a bullshit
I'm such a bad driver I'll keep saying
that every day but um who remembers this
song I tweeted the tricks to this song
yesterday 1 4 3 and everybody was
replying saying OMG my childhood I
remember that song funny because I make
fun of Brooke for listening to old
school music but hopefully he doesn't
watch my vlogs oh yeah guys so on my
school starts in a couple of days like
four or five days and I'm wait-listed
for this class for those of you in
college you know what that means
and you know how stressful it is
thinking that you might not get the
class for those who aren't in college
yet because I know a lot of my
subscribers are middle school high
school when your way listed for a class
it's pretty much like you want the class
but it's full so you sign up and you
hope that someone drops her or somebody
doesn't show up and therefore they look
at the waitlist I'm number three on the
waitlist right now so I got a hope that
the two people in front of me either
don't show up or they drop the class and
then I get it's a history humanities
class bitch I was talking to the other
car there's nobody in the college
how about this song I know you guys
remember this that's my girlfriend's
favorite part this thing to me she
always says she always called me a ho
for some reason which I'm not
today is old school slops what's today
today is Wednesday so we're gonna make
one say old school slap Wednesday's
that's what I'm gonna call it old school
slap Wednesday's dammy this is what I
get for saying oh yeah I got a little
bit of time so I'm gonna go pick me up
some food there's a fucking line this
time better hurry up I love playing the
first game in pickup basketball a going
there and waiting imagine if anger
grandpa saw this line he would have
flipped they hit a broke the damn
steering wheel guys I'm literally
learning too much from angry grandpa
like I've noticed that I'm just more of
a angry person ever since I started
watching him but I love him so funny
I'm really sitting in the middle of the
parking lot with my windows open my
window shit like I thought I was waiting
I'm sitting with the windows open
listening to Marvin's Room eating
chick-fil-a before I go play basketball
literally why like that's the question I
find myself asking my at my life every
single day just literally why that's it
back from the gym after like three hours
my body is so dead I'm definitely not
going back at night I'm gonna hang out
with Jackie there's no what are you
doing Oh where's Brian
getting ready guys Brian what did I
really get one letter guys I'm so
ashamed
listen I'm not even gonna lie I'm sober
right now I got look Brian are these all
yours look rug literally got millions
like I I can't I got one letter brah
are you guys okay I'm not even gonna lie
I'm so butthurt right now I was planning
on doing a P o box opening video give me
oh I don't know if I have enough hands
to catch this one
thank you John Moore John Moore my
biggest fan officially I appreciate you
you know I'm opening this right now
Brian come here guys I was I was
planning on doing a peel box opening
video I was painting all this one letter
come on I thought oh no I'm not gonna
lie I'm so butter I'm gonna go cry hey
Brandon my name is John and I'm on
YouTube sports fan I love him already
and a subscriber of your YouTube channel
first of all thanks for opening up
appeal box you're one of my favorite
youtubers and I try to watch every video
possible so far my favorite video was a
lot airhorn prank and I'm pretty sure
all 180 thousands of ever like to see
more I'd like to say go Suns but I can
because I'm a Charlotte Hornets fan even
though the sun's beat us a couple of
days ago let me just say the Suns are 1
in 15 in their last 16 games trash one
win and 15 losses that one win was
against the Charlotte Hornets so but I
won't say anything I helped this record
now it also asked to ask you a few
questions first why does your family
still have the Christmas tree up after
many days it's not there anymore no boy
we keep it till the circuit would you
rather trade Markieff Morris for a
six-pack of Gatorade or a monkey s'mores
for the Lakers second on traffic I would
trade Markieff Morris for a piece of
brine she is not going on that baby
already does no but really I'd rather
take the second-round pick because you
never know what you could find in the
center out of the draft finally what are
your thoughts on the Chargers cost
moving to Los Angeles and would you
still be a fan of the charges if they
did I hate that they might move which
looks more likely and I'd rather that
they stay in San Diego but even if they
leave as long as rivers and gates are
there I can't picture myself looking for
another team so it would stop going for
the LA Chargers I'm not surprised
everyone will leave the Chargers but I
would still be in charge I can take just
my Jax I'm John Moore thank you very
much everyone who sent rogue letters hey
don't just joking I'm just joking no I'd
appreciate it Bosley okay can you send
me something please guys so my brother
knows about old school slaps Wednesday I
was saying that in the car today is also
swap Wednesdays and my brothers playing
that thank you again John Moore from
North Carolina I think that's where the
letter was from
literally why are you sitting like this
honestly come on you want to go down by
my mom you want to go see my mom let's
go let's go see my mom Bosley step guys
stop guys you need a goatee finding a
problem to have someone I think for to
his house gonna fuck you yeah okay here
goes so bad one even a massage my dad
exits that way
back from the gym after like three hours
my body is so dead I'm definitely not
going back at night I'm gonna hang out
with Jackie okay guys so Jackie just
left my house and whoopty-doo
look at this you guys are gonna call me
crazy but I'm going back look Jackie
brought me wings and things she's gonna
hate me I didn't finish it
but um yeah you guys are gonna think I'm
crazy but after three hours at the gym
earlier I am going back I had to play
basketball I already lifted so now I'm
going back to play more basketball but
Bosley he's licking his paws again guys
everybody asks why Bosley he's not
Bosley hey stop that yeah stop that he's
not allowed to look his Paul because
he's prone to infection when he looks
his Paul mom I'll see you later bye bye
babe yeah guys so I'm gonna be there
guys my body is so sore because oh my
god I've been playing way too much
basketball well like I said my school
starts soon so I gotta make the most of
it right now cuz I'll be playing less
with all the work later guys Bosley
needs to come to bother you wanna go to
the gym come on let me look at him nope
Boston's allergic to the gym rug is
allergic to the gym rugs dead guys look
I picked up these new elite so it's
usually socks are long but these ones
are really short and I want to see how
they look obviously I wear double socks
so they might look a little weird but
I'll show you when they're on okay so
they look a little weird with double
only because these ones are faded and
these ones are like news so on I don't
know but they look sick though honestly
regular
focus upon cost drop cough draw pre
basketball
that's a low-key routine it's not all
the time but I do it most the time
guys you can't tell I look all sweaty
disgusting
I'm fuckin speeding home right now I'm
literally speeding home oh shit I just
hit a red light I'm like speeding home
right now because at like eight o'clock
oh shit I texted Jack and I said you
want to get a futon you're off work and
she said yeah this is why you're the
best Baba and I fucking kept playing and
now it's eight fifty five I'm racing
home I'm like trying to take my shoes
off while driving just so I can I'm
gonna run home get in the fucking shower
come on got places to be and oh shit the
people next to summer party look guys
look how many lights are on in my car I
gotta get this shit check
fuck out my way wool
I got fucking at home and on my way
here's where my videogame that I made up
about driving it comes into effect watch
this watch shit I'm a terrible driver
nope okay I'm fucking I'm done you
haven't been in my vlogs in a long time
you and Bosley know Bosley is literally
always in them dad did you see the
people laughing that you look like
Andrew Bogut yeah I put in the vlog
oh so you skipped through my vlogs
Bosley
that's literally his spot I used to be
my dad spa but not anymore he
surrendered it to King Bosley yeah dad I
say you look like if you now he looks
like Andrew Bogut but if you guys used
to watch NBA you guys know Paige oh so
y'all kovitch she played for the kings
and mouths that's literally my dad no
klay Thompson the player for the
Warriors he was dating this model last
year and he cheated on her and she she
put him on blast on Twitter like she
posted a picture of him calling him a
cheater and everything like what yeah I
don't blame I don't know guys I left the
gym so left the gym drove home and
showered so fast that I'm still
breathing hard from playing basketball
like I literally as soon as I saw the
time I fucking took my bag took my ball
I guys peace out peace out goodbye I'll
see you later go run to my car race home
get in the shower I'm still like
breathing hard from the basketball game
well yeah I'm about to go meet up with
Jackie go get something to eat
I just wanted to share this thing my
little cousin Olivia made it for me see
from the back it says from Olivia to
Broadus
it's a webcam so it's flipping it
showing it backwards but it says
basketball equals live robot is Jam
YouTube Jam with exclamation point signs
Jam equals life and then a picture of
media saying bball today question mark
so this pretty much explains my life she
should have thrown in a haircut
somewhere in there but this is pretty
much my life so thank you Olivia and um
oh wait I forgot to show you guys that I
did get one more um fan mail from
somebody so I want to thank him very
much let me pull it out for you guys
bruh WADA's you are all MC who it's from
no name bruh wadis you are the greatest
youtuber you are better than rug you
should have 1.5 mil not him
he you are way funnier than rug he
should only have 200k you and Jackie are
so cute together honestly the cutest
couple aired wow this guy is so nice you
should have put a name I would have
followed you on whatever how to shout
you out Eric Bledsoe oh he says bled
just like I call it Eric Bledsoe the
best way of all time better than Michael
Jordan better than Kobe Bryant we agree
on that and you are very very handsome
and also don't listen to other people
fast food is very healthy for you if
you're wondering why I did that because
I wrote that letter myself that was my
fan mail from Brandon a lot it's to win
in a wad is if you can't tell I'm still
a little bit salty I don't I only got
one letter but anyways it's fine it's
fine I have one fan John Moore all the
other 200,000 subscribers you can
unsubscribe now I'm just joking you guys
honestly I don't care I honestly don't
care I expect to get way more fan mail
in the future but for right now even
getting one I'm appreciative of that and
I'll read all the fan letters um I'm
just joking around with all this you act
like I didn't know rug was gonna get
thirty times more female than me he's
300 times bigger than me on on the
Internet
guys look at this I honestly can't
believe it SportsCenter themselves the
flagship sports media of the world
sports center posted a video how did
they post this you can't tell what it is
it's a top ten or should I say not top
ten abandoned Knights career so you know
how like fake accounts or like those
bullshit accounts post like Brandon
Knights just miss Hughes because he has
so many SportsCenter themselves made a
top ten of all abandoned Knights
fuck-ups like I don't know dad he's been
dunked on cross if that doesn't explain
his I don't know that's I just can't
believe it I've seen a lot of videos
that these fuck-ups like on random
accounts but for Sports Center
themselves to make a top ten that's
pretty crazy but anyways I haven't
really like talked about NBA in a while
so like all my NBA fans stick around for
the next couple minutes and everyone who
doesn't like NBA you could skip through
the vlog but um I just wanted to tell
you guys that the Warriors this week
they beat Cleveland in Cleveland by 34
they came back and beat Chicago tonight
by 31 on the road in Chicago and that's
impressive as hell the Golden State
Warriors have the best record in the
league only four losses to this point
four losses my girlfriend is calling old
Arnold hello
so big
oh yeah so don't get me wrong
whatever I'm raving about the Warriors
they're really really good really really
really good but here is where I'm not
sure if I'm gonna get hey and I audited
okay because this is my opinion it's in
my head nobody else has to feel it the
San Antonio Spurs I've taken the go and
say where you're down in the playoffs I
really don't want to explain myself
because it's just my gut feeling those
two teams are great in my head the
Sperling warriors two best teams in the
league
if Golden State has a home court
advantage it looks like they will I
think it'll be tougher for San Antonio
but I'll still take them if San Antonio
has home court it might as well be a
done deal like San Antonio like I don't
really want to explain myself I'll do
that in a separate like NBA show right
now it's just like briefly going over it
my pick my opinion San Antonio Spurs
will beat the Golden State Warriors and
face off with the Cleveland Cavaliers in
the 2016 NBA Finals Spurs Cavs the Cavs
are really like they're pretty much
gonna have a cakewalk to the NBA Finals
from their side but I think Spurs will
take down the Warriors and hey I'm
pretty sure 99% of you guys think the
words are gonna go and I have no problem
with that because they're right now the
best record in the league but we will
see okay so we just ate out Santana's
and if that drive-through looks familiar
that's because it is this was the place
where I came last night and I forgot my
money
and I was so scared that it was gonna be
the same worker holy shit look at all
this glass on the floor okay hopefully
Jackie doesn't go this way hopefully she
follows me she's behind me right now
backing up
okay she got my hint I was waving my
hand but um yeah I was so scared that it
was gonna be the same girl yesterday but
it wasn't ended up being someone else so
uh yeah well now with my girlfriend and
don't don't say oh you take oh shit
don't say oh wow you take your
girlfriend out to eat you get Mexican
food first of all carne asada fries are
bomb and second what is what is open
around 10:00 10:30 p.m. like a
restaurant okay so I came to Vaughn's
because I'm gonna buy mangos and quick
little funny I don't know if it's a
story or a fact wait I wouldn't make
sure there's nobody here
before I start recording it looks like
I'm making sure no one's here so I can
steal that's probably what the workers
think but um I never used to eat mangoes
like you know all these fruit trays all
the fruit trays whenever my mom would
buy I would say get the ones without
mangoes I hate mangoes and then the
other day Jackie was forcing me to
fucking eat the mangoes and I fell in
love so mango come she's literally like
II won I was like she was like just II
won and I was I fine and I ate it and
they taste so good I guess my taste buds
changed the girl definitely just saw me
kiss them kiss the mango cub guys she's
on the diet
she's eating mangoes in your McFlurry
nice
