guys this is what I call loyalty from a
dog father give me a kiss okay all you
girls in relationships take tips from
Bosley so these are the devils that when
you're in a relationship they try to
apply Weibo come here come here you got
the other side boy he's literally biting
your face to it okay guys I'm not gonna
lie it looks like he's kissed me but he
actually bites my face yeah good you
cheated on me you made a mistake did you
cheat on me Bosley that's not cool I
forgive you he cheated Oh
Suns game tyler ulis boo so Brian you're
about seven million subscribers correct
okay well like I want to congratulate
you cuz I'm so proud of you and I want
to give you hugs and kisses and shit but
before I congratulate you who do you
think is gonna win this game oh really
okay well yeah I know by the way quahogs
yeah hopefully you don't hit seven mil
see you next time okay I'll give you one
more chance who do you think is winning
this game
are you sure come on I'll give you one
more chance come on go and see the sun's
come on burn citizens
okay fine I'm not congratulating you
guess who's back back back back again
Danny's dad did you miss Dennis why are
you so mad
okay my not allowed to be here okay why
can't Bosley be here now I'll give you
more kisses come on you want kiss come
in let's get let's kiss okay
all the talk I said about you being
loyal and how girls should be like you
in 2018 it's I take it all back Bosley
stay cuz you're a cheater no I know
you're a cheater but you know what girls
say about me they say I give second
chances so Bosley come on give you one
more chance you know you're not a
cheater you're a good guy good dog come
on let's go I'll give you some kisses
okay I swear don't ever come crawling
back to me don't ask me for a kiss don't
do nothing I hope Dennis and Ron kiss
you half as good as I do dad did anyone
tell you you kind of look like the
Nutcracker in the living room the body
might look like me cuz it's skinny as a
twig but the face is you Oh Booker wants
that ice oh bugger wants oh the sweet
pass to TJ
see that's what Booker's game is
underrated but passing people think
Booker just shoots shoots shoots he has
a passing side to his game okay guys so
off camera Brian changed his answer to
the Phoenix Suns he thinks they won the
game okay look you left that's all you
just lost this up you know that right
and if it goes oh they're winning but a
bunch okay we'll see you Brian we'll see
so guys my brother is about 2500 subs
away from seven freakin million that's
so crazy bright I don't know like I'm
just like there's no way that's really
yeah if it tastes like pawsley that's
his phone seven million YouTube
subscribers like I know we've been
saying the word a lot cuz he's been so
close to hitting it so it just sounds
like all 797 million but when you
actually think about it Brian like seven
million people have came across your
YouTube channel and like I know like to
your videos enough to press subscribe
there's only 7 million people in the
world so I'm like that's so crazy that
all I'm like there's 7 million people in
the world so I'm like literally everyone
in the whole world has I'm hoping he's
joking so let's just leave it at that
let's just hope he's joking I don't know
I just want to say like how proud I am
of my brother because there's not many
people on this earth that could say that
they have 7 million subscribers I don't
know I think I'm worse
it's the new Brian you should be super
proud of yourself one of the biggest
things I'm proud of my brother it's like
not only hitting 70 subscribers but for
how hard he works because a lot of
people probably think like oh phase are
7 million subs while he uploads a video
and that just hangs out and chilled all
day no he works non-stop all day long
whether it's filming editing thinking of
a video idea just like he works in all
day long like I learned how to do
YouTube it everything about YouTube from
my brother and I'm sure when I say I'm
proud of you it's not just me I'm sure
it's my mom my dad my friends your
friends everybody we know like Thank You
Man love you love you too
now it's 7 million like a couple months
ago with six five four and a couple make
you go love guys exactly a couple months
later is gonna be 8 9 10 like you're
about to have the diamond Brian it's
like a jet if I ever each ten that's the
gold man Congrats again not just high
five give me a hug while we're sitting
down so there's an awkward hug and Brian
keep going up here at Brian it's better
to be surprised so how about just exit
and just wait just wait for it oh and by
and just remember the bigger you get the
more tempting sin be for Kylie Jenner to
hit you up but when she finally does hit
you I'll just say yo you had your chance
you had your chance just like yeah just
just say now 7 million where were you
when I had 1 million where were you and
I had 100k when I had one Kang 7 is busy
to fidget look who always comes back
they always come back
ha oh wait nevermind he's leaving me for
Brian hey hey hey
why is Brian allowed in the room and not
me
just because someone has 7 million subs
and the other one has 2.5 million what
is his favoritism Dennis that's 50
million what up bro
I said I don't want to see you anymore
you cheated on me oh you're not coming
to me anyways okay go okay guys my dad
is ordering a shocking game dad please
whenever this comes in the mail no no no
no do not invite me over to the house
let's just say I'm busy that day
what everyday it comes I'm already busy
that day Brian I hated you I think like
Brian's forced me to do some crazy
things for a video to work you crazy
shopping Brian potato hot potato hot
potato potato potato potato potato
shoutout to Molly for this gift he's
under the wheel is he really
I think he's chewing the cage to try to
break free wait so does you have like
big loops when he came from Hollyer my
brother's okay with it we're going to
the mall are you ready
you're dressed and now that I think
about it everyone's on this like Gucci
gay and Gucci Gingrich gang but like 15
years ago my dad made the first version
of Gucci gang how did you should know
you're asking us how did the song go
yeah yeah so my dad invented the real
Gucci Gucci Gingrich getting on me about
okay then you would pinch our cheeks and
say gootchie gootchie gootchie gootchie
Deb can you print Dennis's cheeks and do
it now please come on come on come on
anything I should get Brian Oh Rolex for
seven mil all right well you think I
should just take it yeah guys I know I
went out of my way this was like two
million dollars I know it was really
expensive but hey 7 million subscribers
behind deserves it Brian I have a gift
for you for seven million Brian I saw
you there was two million dollars poof
did you go poop or pee okay no way yeah
I just want only for me uh-huh
you got the link softener yeah it fits
and everything bro you don't look too
happy with her like are you sure you
like I know like at least one you happy
really go until they do it was a pee I
mean I think it looks nice crying oh my
gosh six Abraham yo so with Brian 87
million subscribers soon me and Dennis
were like yo how do we do it
so we decided we were gonna go to the
mall and we're bharata's apparel and hey
everyone but what is bronze bronze
brothers brothers brothers brought it
maybe we can hit seven million tonight -
Dennis you look so funny with a hat hey
seven mil Brian hey maybe we can hit
seven mil today if we go to every single
store in the world and we're barrois
disappearo let's do a dance for Brian uh
guys
let's just do Jersey Shore fist bump
okay
I'll probably take me like a year to
learn okay guys so we're about to test
it out let's see if our theory works so
what do you have on the phone okay so we
have the broadest live sub count because
Dan is fan love Dennis thank you yeah
you're gonna be in the vlog age so since
you're about to be in the vlog I get a
discount right now I'm just joking thank
you both okay Dennis so you got the live
sub count right everyone bro waters bro
bodies that's me and I make youtube
videos so oh yeah I'm not that clumsy in
my videos it's only a one-time thing
okay then let's now check it what is it
that what is it that what is it that so
um I don't think that works so let's
stop doing it okay show me how to do it
right yeah I was kind of in a dead area
that's why I didn't work oh oh I gave
three damn I gained three subscribers
from that thank you three people maybe
thank you three people baby what's up
baby how you doing yeah yeah yeah say it
again
what's up baby how you doing so I think
if you're saying seven or eight times
okay except knowing subs
well something bad you want something in
the second the breath I can't do seven
million of those
that is which foot is it so where are
the invisible strings cuz there's no way
she's doing this on her own uh-uh it's
not hard okay Dennis just because I said
that no no no no just cuz you said that
go exactly okay forget about me Bo the
real poor one today is Brian check it
check it check it
what is yeah it's like your tweet Devin
Booker like me oh well
shoutout debug for liking the tweet let
me see let me see let me see Oh oh my
gosh Brian is approximately 1686 away I
don't know how I did that so fast but he
is so close to seven mil Brian it's
seven wolf yo guys shout out to Camden
so I left them all right now I was about
to leave my car's right here and he told
me that he watches my videos and you
were waiting here cuz he saw the car
thank you but I appreciate that thank
you
yo so I don't know if you guys remember
earlier in this video I asked Brian who
was gonna win the game the Sun or the
hogs and he said it was gonna be the
Hawks
well the Phoenix Suns ended up winning
that game and guess why they won Devin
Booker 34 points 5 rebounds 7 assists so
for everybody who says oh he can only
score you're wrong he had 5 rebounds and
7 assists and then Devin Booker scored 8
points in the last 30 seconds that's
clutch yo rugrat so um I'm pretty sure
no no no I was just calling till I
congratulate you about the 7 million not
about this game I promise who won the
Suns game baby and bright did you see
the end who took over rook Booker so uh
beat it brother
Congrats go enjoy your seven million in
peace now by Brian you have behind next
time say the songs are gonna lose I dare
you
yo guys we're watching the fish no no no
no y-you got to do that to my brother
like what did he do to you guys
we're watching the phase rug yes there
we go there we go that's what he
deserves but we're watching the phase
rugs live cell count from home he is 919
subs away less than 1,000 subs ok 920
but Brian let's go hey everyone if
you're you know trying to watch
something really interesting tonight I
highly suggest you tune into this TV
show let's go Dennis I'm so excited for
Brian it literally feels like I'm the
one who's hittin it that's family you
get excited when your family does big
things Brian is what he's less than a
hundred away me and Dennis are in the
parking lot right now we're about to get
food and we're starving but I told
Dennis we are not getting down to get
the food until Brian it's 7 mil and
we're watching right now I'm about to
cry 92 come on I just spit all over your
phone Dennis but still okay did someone
unsub yeah okay listen Mike hold on just
answer the answer I've no bar in my
whole life he's 21 years old now so I've
known him for 21 years ever since we
were kids he's never done anything bad
he's nice he's respectful he works hard
he's well-mannered he's a family like
why would you unsub why if I look him
there's more loss okay okay Danny's okay
let me just ask you the person that your
unsub like can you please give me a call
right now like just tell me why what
like why would you do that to my brother
like that's not fair it's not right
let's call them Joe button pussy Dennis
tell your girls to stop messaging you
bro I'm trying to watch my brother sub
cam
bro cut I'm about to start crying cut
guys oh my god
he's 11 away he's alive no way we're
starving but I don't care they could
wait on the food
where I got bright bright bright bright
I love you Brian I love you
this is crazy Brian I fucking love you
you're my brother like literally not
just a friend who I call brother you're
my brother bro you're almost getting a
hundred right just trust me when I say
this you deserve it a hundred and fifty
million percent you freaking work hard
every single day everything I learned
from this YouTube game I learned from
you
that's crazy Brian I love you I'm so
proud of you and look it's already seven
million and about to be 100 Brian Pope
you think I care about Brian Congrats I
love you I can only imagine going crazy
I'm about to call you right now and just
Brian I love you so keep up a good work
one day that seven lanes gonna turn to
eight million nine million ten million
who knows the sky's the limit for you so
keep it up Brian I love you vote
Congrats how does it feel to be back
home
you thought apartment was your home this
is your home okay let's see first shot
back
oh hey ollie Dennis is back
back in the building
I'm happy happy because he refused to
get a haircut
unless I buy my barber that's loyal
that's loyalty
Oh Dennis this isn't what you came back
for a row this is what we wanted to hear
for ya I'll edit them outside give me
one more for the new year let's see if
2018 is gonna be good or it's gonna be
good you know people have like new year
new Blaine but what were you saying new
year's same barbecue chicken so it's no
new year's resolution to everything
other because everything's like shit
everything I see barbecue chicken still
Bobby you got competition I don't know
about that I'll see I'll see death
