got this fuck I did it again and this
time rug is asleep come out don't make
the food yet i legit don't have my money
I already ordered the food and um rug
isn't answering um excuse me okay I know
you're gonna kill me but I forgot my
money at home is it okay if I grab and
come back labrie oh yeah no not to me
though you guys can hit the beat oh I'll
grab the money and come back really
quick okay thank you do you know how
embarrassing and awkward fuck and I'm
pretty sure she saw my phone so she
probably thinks I'm like recording some
jackass video of like ordering food and
fuck and this one isn't even the one
close to my house guys I'm so stupid in
2015 this never happened to me once but
I guess new year new me and the new
thing for me to do is to leave money at
home order food and screw myself over
well I'll be back Santana's Mexican food
just give me like a couple minutes I'm
leaving my car on and running
we just need to go really quick get my
money Oh something Brian all right I did
the same thing they're making my burrito
right now I have the money upstairs
Brian I'm so stupid
I'm so stupid
imagine if my car was in my car the
whole time okay so I got my card
Brian the girl probably thought it was a
like a prank or something because I
swear she saw me recording and I was
like oh my god can I please go ahead my
morning sub buzzing are you feeding him
this late because he was crying Bosley
fat ass but I'm going guys by the way
there for sure spitting in my burrito
there is no way that they're not
spitting in my burrito after I did this
like they probably thought I was the
biggest douchebag so I'm about to enjoy
myself a carne asada guacamole cheese
and spit burrito from about two or three
chefs because I'm sure one of them is
only gonna spit in it they're probably
all gonna gather up to spit in my
burrito so oh well I deserved it though
so I'm not complaining time to go back
look my backyard lights are on so rug is
taking Bosley out to pee to slate
okay dot I just hit the red light I'm
sorry I have to go but I'm back
such a bad driver pulling up to the
speaker ah hello I was the one who
forgot the money okay okay I'm here guys
watch this
don't try to like a regular burrito is
going to be 755 okay
is that um with no pico at cheese okay
okay
okay guys honestly I'm not even trying
to be funny or joke around but look
doesn't that look like speed when we
shit like that on the left side up the
salsa look come on focus
look right there that legit oh shit oh
no I'm hungry those who aren't eating it
no guys I'm not crazy I am just bored
and I don't have school yet so um be up
pretty late I figured why not go shoot
around right now it's like almost
midnight
I just had my burrito but um and it was
raining earlier but I really want to
play some basketball so sorry neighbors
but try to stay asleep literally why am
I playing basketball outside at this
time weird that drain sue or whatever
it's called because if anyone has seen
Stephen King's it the clown one that's
all I'm gonna say if you guys have seen
it then you know why I'm so scared of
that especially at this time at night um
yeah it's pretty much a really scary
movie involving this clown and oh shit
yeah I want to play but honestly I'm
low-key getting freaked out because of
that fucking sewer drain so I don't know
great of all places the fucking ball
goes right there
guys fuck rug I texted rug I know he's
awake I texted him saying come down and
play and he didn't reply so I called him
oh I'm too lazy I'm about to go to sleep
fuck you Brian
ah this little boxer hates me so much
possibly
guys so I'm reaching the Phoenix Suns
game right now and yes they did lose
what's new so if you're asking why I'm
reaching the game read this Devin Booker
scores career-high 32 points Devin
Booker the youngest player in the NBA
the newly nineteen year old he just
turned 19 I think two months ago scores
32 points he look at this 9 for 16
shooting six three-pointers 8 for 8 free
throws this kid is gonna be something
special I've been telling you guys about
him and TJ Warren he put up 32 points
and honestly yeah the sun's loss but
honestly a loss might even be better at
this point just keep tanking for that
number1 pick and losses are probably
better for the Phoenix Suns at this
point there's no point to win games
secure that high draft pick and start
over next year well yeah man Devin
Booker he is for the being the youngest
player in the NBA he has such a mature
game here somehow
you
guys he literally reminds me of a young
klay Thompson just watch his game tell
me you don't see klay Thompson must
finish editing so I can go play some
basketball the gym hey big boy stop
licking your paw hey oh no no no no no
what I'm talking about I'm not opening
that or she sleeping I wants to go by my
mom ugly ones
you want to see my mom now let her sleep
girl I told my room come on I'll give
you something give you a tree
Ozzie literally hates me hey Leslie you
guys hear that he just sneezed all over
my feet you got a book right there
what's up you guys um before I end this
vlog there was one last part I wanted to
show you guys and that is me and Jackie
going back to the mall to see Princess
her her dog if you guys have been
watching my recent vlog or follow Jackie
on Twitter or follow me on Twitter then
you know that there's this dog she's
obsessed with um she's at the pet store
her name is princess
well Jackie named her princess she
doesn't really have a name but um she's
a Chow Chow and Jackie's in love with
her like this is MTV true life my growth
my girlfriend is in love with a child
more than she's in love with me but um
so I need if I
from you guys on that by the way but
when the workers see me that they're
literally like oh you again because I I
go to that model so much and I always go
to the pet store to take out a dog to
play they know I'm not buying one they
know I just use the sword to go play
with God cause Bosley eight yeah and
everyone comment oh you should buy it
for her as a gift or you should just buy
for her like for Valentine's Day I can't
because her place doesn't allow pets
so and people comment oh just buy it and
leave it at your house do you guys want
my mom to kill me like my mom would
literally kill me but um yeah so here's
some footage of Jack going back to see
her loved princess oh and also on we
found out that she has a sister and so
we asked to take both of them out so
they were both out playing at the same
time her sister is the one with the
blackface princess I don't know why keep
Congo princess princess is the one with
the clear face just watch and since
Jackie can't have the dog and my mom
would kill me if I got it she was
literally telling me she's like yeah put
it in your vlog and ask one of the fans
that live in San Diego to adopt it so we
can always go over and play with it so
hey if one of my subscribers live near
Escondido San Diego go adopt that dog
ciao ciao Escondido pets
yeah guys so I'm concluding this vlog
with this little segment oh I don't know
if it says segment it's just some funny
thing I wanted to do for the end of this
vlog I'm calling it my family's
look-alikes so on I want to ask you guys
why the hell my dad looks exactly like
Andrew Bogut starting Center for the
Golden State Warriors and then I want to
ask you guys why Bosley looks like a
fucking bunny
why does rug look like Rico from Hannah
Montana tell me he does it and why the
hell do I look like criminal murderer
Aaron Hernandez why I got so quick
little thing I am ending the vlog here a
little fun fact that I read right when I
woke up Devin Booker is the third
youngest player in NBA history third
youngest in NBA history 19 years old and
80 days
to score 30 points in a game do you know
who the two people who did it that were
younger LeBron James I don't know if you
guys know him and Kevin Durant NBA MVP
Kevin Durant that's some elite company
that Devin Booker is in right there
three only two players were younger than
Devin Booker to score 30 points in the
game LeBron and Kevin Durant he became
the third youngest ever um that's crazy
and when I was tweeting about Devin
Booker I got a bunch of tweet saying
yeah but the sun's still lost
honestly losses are better at this point
as as much as it sucks the suns are not
making the playoffs they're their ass
this year they're not going anywhere so
just keep piling up the losses and get
try to get the number one pick if you
don't number two number three is fine
just try to secure that top five pick
you're gonna be one of the worst teams
anyways there's no point to win games
now and screw over your draft position
anyways y'all watching the game with
Jackie
and honestly this is me when I watched
the Phoenix Suns get some subscribers
made these for me but this is literally
me
anyways yeah but what is a now I hope
you guys did enjoy this vlog kind of
short but I liked how it was put
together and oh also I wanted to ask you
guys one last thing I've been doing
challenges and a bunch of vlogs and
occasionally I do pranks is there any
other types of videos you guys want to
see like maybe some challenges that are
going around YouTube that are popular
that I haven't mentioned yet or I
haven't done just some my cousin Jess
just texted me but just let me know
leave in the comments section below also
me and rug are going to the post office
today to pick up the PIO boxes so I told
you guys video of unboxing those are
coming up soon
but anyways I'm out hope you guys
enjoyed for wadis peace
