I'm making me popcorn
Sherman net sale so bullshit
oh my god get ready so fast salt and
pepper moon please I need it for the
popcorn please just please we miss on
pepper she do not do not let me are you
stupid
do you know I have a brain in your
fuckin head what would you do that stop
so yes just give me the fucking pepper
and just wet a napkin and dab it really
someone calling you yeah my mom hello
hello that's I answer the phone
okay someone was on before the water
caused a checker and you keep forth
happy mother wasn't me
let me see what you're watching mommy
what are you doing eating the front
tooth you're watching some angry grandpa
we have a headache it's 5:00 a.m. have
you got rid of a headache you sleep into
like everyone's vlogging mothers were
noon oh Allah the ghost is gonna get you
play the plaything you can go and watch
yeah I'll just be here turn off my damn
lies
all right so slither up the video there
no cells right I got my folks turn off
the light all right hold on leash wrap
up the blog fuck is going on it's 5:30
in the morning hope you guys enjoyed do
you see this has water in it no do not
it does oh stop stop dude just go to
sleep I'm going to sleep
I'm just watching some slap-ass
Bosley's barking it's me go back inside
it's just me it's just me no no but it's
just me no no no no no go at your food
go I have to go to the gym Bosley I'll
be back
few hours okay guys so I got back from
the gym a little while ago about an hour
ago
I'm gonna do a better job of holding up
the camera like this because I'd like to
hold it like this I love holding you
like that that's how I take my pictures
my snapchat to record my vlogs but
everybody was complaining in the comment
section someone start holding it like
this I just got back from the gym like
an hour ago I played some basketball I
worked out I'm going back
it's 4:30 right now and Mondays are
usually the best days for pickup ball so
I'm going back around 5:30 or 6:00 I
have to play some more but let's see
what's going on in my house right now
yeah Monday's are usually I go to the
gym for like 7 8 hours I swear
Romeo's good fortune my god
hey buds Li walk hasn't seen you in a
while
mom what are you doing the fasting for
for God you can't have it for something
I know but like what's the rules you
can't eat meat for three days for three
days
so you're automatically going to heaven
if you do that so Bosley look Bosley was
still buzzy still smelling my shoes from
when I went to see the dog at the pet
store
Bosley are you Lynn T - dad are you
fasting yeah okay so my mom and dad are
both going to heaven so far
nasty so five fast no matter what I've
done in my life or no matter what I do
in my life that I'm still go to heaven I
just went to my office and I saw or read
on my office because because because I
was trying to hide it from my mom
because I told her I'd finish and I
didn't finish it so I put in the office
okay so I finished it now I finished it
nan the officer yes I did
what is it I told my mom I was gonna
give up sex I did for three days I give
up sex long time not me I'm still young
Bosley what about you Bosley Bosley's
the virgin that for you feel bad for you
because look how he's gonna come to me
Bosley let me give you a massage can you
really give him let me get him yourself
mm-hmm
he never comes to me I swear mom I'm
going back to the gym
but I max mom I noticed your car wasn't
parked outside so I'm gonna shoot around
to look my mom usually has her car
parked under the hoop so I so I can't
play but now she's parked up front cuz
I'm not sure where rug is so on top of
going back to the gym on top of already
playing why not shoot around some
outdoors I'll catch up with you guys in
the little just got back from the gym
okay mostly sleeping parsley where's my
dad he actually went out my dad went out
for the first time in his life now you
put your dad
no I'm serious this is usually a spot
right now watching TV isn't it good that
your dad is now doing what's up some
fuzzy so fuzzy on your end your spot
what's that look he's waiting for you to
get out look just ripped look sit that's
literally basel spy-like loudly who do
you think you are
yep mm-hmm
Zacchaeus I didn't sent the gym too long
my second trip I'm about to take a
shower do you guys want to join me in
the shower am I allowed to put that on
YouTube or no no what about for my girls
subscribers oh yeah I forgot I'm
supposed to be fasting for three days
I'm hungry okay guys so right now it's
almost midnight
and where's my credit card I've been
having to use my credit card because
like I said my debit card got stolen I
mentioned I'm the last vlog dude where's
my wallet right here
okay um yeah my debit card fell out of
my pocket the other day when I was at
that like theme park I had to cancel it
right away because imagine if someone
finds it theme park that's all that um I
just got back from oh shit oh I'm a mess
right now I just got back from seeing
Jackie and now I'm at hold on someone
who's watching the record so there's
kind of awkward what a bitch
but um yeah I'm at Walgreens I don't
know why I came here so Leia honestly
like I don't really need anything but I
just didn't want to go home I had to
drop Jackie off home and I don't know
what I'm gonna buy honestly but I just
didn't feel like going home so now I'm
here Walgreens
I'm gonna buy this for Jackie I like it
honestly out of all these choices this
one's my favorite it low-key looks like
the chow I know it's like a German
Shepherd or Rottweiler but it kind of
looks like the choice you wanted and
they're looking at me record so it was
kinda awkward but
yeah I'm just gonna act like I wasn't
recording honestly Sodor bad you know
how we do we straight from the bowl
we don't put us in a plate this is so
good though my mom made it good little
healthy snack around one again before I
end this vlog and get ready to go to the
gym while I was editing my video my mom
brought me and Brian some food look ah
morning she brought us food not for you
I know who that for Brian hell okay yeah
okay
Bosley Venice oh my gosh look wait that
melon he's still on yeah he's still
flying from when I went to the mall to
see a princess the channel someone made
a Twitter about a Jackie's fake dog
really no way hey Z I'm gonna put your
son here you want sounds change alright
give me some of that exchange for me
okay hey mom what's your food that yeah
I've been wanting pancake time well
thanks to mama rug Basel you're getting
dog food I just finished eating that I
hope Greg breakfast not Greg fost
whatever that is but so a shout-out to
my mom
holy I need a haircut not really but you
know what I mean I'm get one in two days
and um just a quick little a quick
little point so on
yesterday I had that video up and I did
delete it because like I said I'm just
not that type of person to put my
problems out there and although I didn't
specifically say what the problem was I
still regret uploading a video because I
don't like when people feel bad for me
that wasn't my intentions I didn't want
people feeling bad for me but obviously
that's how it came out so I deleted it
and I want you guys to just erase it
from your brain because I'm just going
to be back to my normal self starting
right now
um the Sun still suck if that's what you
guys were wondering 13 wins and 29
losses they started 12
and 15 now there are 13 and 29 just
think about that 12 and 15 to 13 and 29
I don't know what else yesterday the
Warriors literally dismantled the Cavs
I thought the worries we're gonna win
that game but no way did I expect them
to win by 34 um oh yeah by the way the
Phoenix Suns have announced that they
have a new home court for the rest of
this season they just unveiled a new
logo for their home court check it out
right here
okay but uh so yeah today I hope you
guys do enjoy God Brian being here and
today I'm bringing you guys a brand new
video
okay rough okay so Rogue interrupts my
conclusion my outro whatever its called
but yeah anyway school starts in exactly
six days I know you guys have all been
back so you're probably like why is he
complaining we've all been back to
school a long time ago but yeah my
school goes back January 25th
it's January 19th and I'm dreading that
day but I had my six weeks of fun so I
need to get back to school I know a lot
of youtubers don't go to school but like
I said my dream job is to work for the
Suns and if you show up to work for the
Suns without a resume without a college
diploma they're gonna look at you and
just laughs I gotta finish school
um anyways yet today me and Jackie are
going to the mall to go see her child
princess and I'm not gonna be bringing
my vlogging camera so if you guys want
to keep up with that snapchat Twitter
let me tell you guys snapchat is
snapchat and Twitter on my favorite
social medias the links are below
snapchat I upload stories every single
day at least three or four Twitter I'm
constantly tweeting I'm really active on
Twitter follow me on there and Instagram
although I don't post a lot when you
guys send me D ends on Instagram
whenever I have time like before I go to
sleep I open the Dan's and I try to
reply to everybody it's obviously hard
but I do um so I mean Twitter Instagram
snapchat those are my top three social
medias I'm active on all of them
constantly so uh link below description
my Twitter Instagram snapchat so yeah
Jackie's fucking stoked like she's
scared that somebody bought it cuz we
haven't been there in a while so should
I go what if someone bought the dog but
yeah she stole she wants to see it so
we're gonna go see the dog and there's a
son's game at six o'clock this altro way
too long
um I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
kind of shorter um anyways Broadus I
love all you guys peace oh also one last
thing before I let you guys go people
have been asking a when are you and ro
going to do P o box video of opening the
letters or opening the packages and I'm
doing my sometime this week what's today
Tuesday I'm gonna try to go either
tomorrow or Thursday to pick up the
stuff which means a video should be up
this week whether it's Friday whether
it's Saturday I'm gonna get a video up
of opening your guys's sent stuff to our
P o box this week before Sunday there's
gonna be a video up so if you guys are
waiting for that and also another thing
I didn't mention on Twitter from time to
time I do Q&A it's like I haven't really
been posting Q&A videos but I do on
Twitter like I'll randomly post
sometimes or tweeting your questions
like I just want to answer all you guys
and I'll go on a spree of like answering
a bunch of questions the hills on my
thing but yeah so anyways I'm out like I
said
