got this what is going on you guys
Bandon here AKA Broadus and today's
video is going to be a story I haven't
told the story in a while this story is
actually pretty entertaining at least
for myself so on grab your popcorn
whatever fake brand this is a rather cup
of milk but not to drink myself for your
double stuffed Oreo and get ready to
enjoy this story hmm I thought Santa
Claus God why star destroy just a few
random points on the Sun still suck the
record might not show but they're the
absolute worst team in the NBA um
Anthony still fuck boy bruh Wallace is
still my name rug is still my brother
Jack is still my girlfriend
um this popcorn tastes really fake
Charlie time I'm not sure what you guys
put in here but anyway this time to tell
my story my story is about the first
time I ever kissed a girl the first time
I ever kissed a girl this is including a
peck a you know a make-out a long kiss
short kiss it doesn't my first kiss came
when I was almost 17 and a half years
old I was 17 and a half years old are
you kidding me
like I'm not saying this in a cocktail
all but I'm not a bad looking person
right now before oh my god if you guys
see me before you would understand why I
didn't have my first kiss
I got a bunch of my subscribers are
probably age range I don't know 12 to 16
12 to 17 and I bet a majority you guys
have already had your first case so
you're looking at me like wow what a
loser yeah it was bad I didn't I didn't
even Peck a girl on the lips till I was
almost 17 and a half it was after my
junior year of high school I was going
into my senior year it was in that
summer me and my family were on a cruise
we went to a Carnival cruise we went to
Mexico I think it was like a seven-day
cruise I'm gonna say this nicely girls
on cruise ships are whores that's me
saying it nicely if you've ever been on
a cruise ship you would know what I'm
talking about guys I think I'm gonna dip
this jacket up I feel like it looks nice
or zipped up but um so there's this club
and um it's called I think it's a club
okay fuck I look like a priest but um
yeah so there's this club and I think
it's like ages 15 to 17 and me and my
cousins were sitting there and I still
remember my mom had a headache so she
was laying down in the room so I told my
cousin Jessica you guys probably know
her that I'm gonna go give my mom a pill
like an Advil so she could feel better
and I go to my mom and I come back and
Jessica whispers in my ear cuz we speak
Chaldean so she whispers in this
language I'm a translator in English she
said the girl next to me told me that
she thinks you're cute and think about
me this way I had never had a girlfriend
I had never kissed a girl
I was literally a loser up until this
point
um so I'm looking at Jess and I'm just
like no she didn't because this girl
wasn't bad looking I'm just like no she
did not and she was like yeah she did I
swear talk to her and so like I was I
literally I shit myself and that's being
generous I shit myself
I'm so Jessica moves and I sit next to
her and I'm just like uh hey like what's
your name
and I just have like the most awkward
like I thank God every day that I'm not
like this anymore I had like the most
Awkward game and I was like we started
talking but she was all calm and I was
just like oh yeah Baba so like after a
while um we like we go up to the top of
the golf course there's a mini golf
course on the 12th floor and it's
outdoors it's fucking like 2:00 in the
morning and it's freezing cold it's like
I don't know like middle of the ocean
fucking 2:00 in the morning so we're up
there and in my head I'm like oh my god
oh my god oh my god like it's actually
happening and like we're sitting on the
bench and like I'm putting this off for
so long I'm just like talking and I know
she wants to kiss me and I'm just like
like oh my god I'm fucking after a while
motherfucker literally turns gets on top
of me and starts making out with me and
I'm literally like okay and like so we
start kissing and I'm just like okay
whatever
and then um she grabs my butt this story
is about my first kiss so we're not
gonna go any further now I'm just joking
I did not do anything past that um yeah
I didn't do anything past that so uh and
after that I told Jess I was like Jess
you weren't lying like she actually did
it just as like I told you and I'm just
like I know the funny part of this story
I guess is two things
one no actually three things one how
ugly I was I was short chubby really
really short really ugly
all throughout middle school and like my
first three years of high school so
that's like it's no surprise for me
telling a story of why like when my
first kiss was being 17 and a half
that's no surprise to me I look terrible
so for all you people who think you're
ugly now just trust me there's hope but
uh no I'm just joking but secondly is um
like just how I approached this kiss I I
was so awkward I was like I was like I
had an idea what to do like blah blah
blah but yeah just third the fact that I
was almost 18 years old without having
kissed a girl on the lips and now my
count is probably like in the 30s um now
I'm just joking but uh or am i but no
I'm just joking if I say that one more
time slap myself in the face
but there's a story of my first case and
I hope you guys enjoyed this video uh
vlog coming out tomorrow like I said the
Sun still suck sadly but I love my sons
Brandon for wadis I'm out peace guys
really quick after I edited the video I
noticed I left out a pretty funny part
and I'm not gonna sign it on accident I
left this part out on purpose cuz it's
pretty embarrassing but so on I don't
know if this happened to anybody else
before but I'm sure it has don't be
lawyers right now you know like after
you get your first kiss this this
literally happened on the cruise this
girl's like from a whole nother state I
didn't even know her
but you get attached cuz it's your first
time I literally was texting her after
the cruise like like about feelings and
stuff first of all I'm fucking dead
right now I was actually texting this
random ass chick who just kissed me on
the top of the cruise ship I was telling
her like about feelings and like how I
care about her and stuff and she
straight up like first of all you're a
ho because I was telling you about my
feelings and you were like ignoring me
and pretty much telling me that it was
just a one-time thing like that but that
was that's so embarrassing looking back
on it like who's gonna do that just just
a tip for all you young uns young is
even though I'm only 20 years old
when a chick meets you makes out you
bah-bah-bah within like the first 30
minutes that she knows you and she's
from like a whole nother you meet her in
the middle of the ocean she's from whole
nother state she's not the one for you
but uh yeah so I find that pretty funny
I'll straight up I was telling Jeff
Skiles like when this was happening I
was like Jess she's not even replying to
my text and jess was just like brent and
it's okay like it was just a one-time
thing and I was like no but I like her
and I'm just like looking back on it now
I'm like that's fucking hilarious I was
such a pussy but uh you are what you eat
I'm just joking I'm just joking guys I
like to crack jokes but uh yeah that's
it bro wadis I'm out time to go play
some basketball
