got the s'mores I don't know we're just
in there Hill it's not the s'mores
kept I can write mine liar
lie on what why the candles on its
Anthony trying to hit something to me of
the romance father than that for you
Mazel you want food not yet 20 more
minutes guys check out this new jacket I
caught sick I'm about to go to the mall
guys oh yeah rug did the fucking revenge
prank that's why this is here that's it
I'm not a fucking Laker fan I'm not a
bandwagon Anthony let's go better go to
the mall guys so on like I said me any
Anthony are going to the mall
oh boy was that the first time in my
life that I just called you Anthony
rather than football and that's the
first time I live it is called in handy
but I'm not even a fuck-boy okay
whatever why isn't my camera folk okay
yeah they can you touch this and my just
and touch the screen
okay me Anthony or go to the malls again
for like probably a million time in the
past year and
tell them how much you make oh come on
I love it I can't tell them each their
caste I hate them all more than my Satan
we've been to the mall so many times
that were just over it but we still go
for some reason but I don't know the
real reasoning of the name come to the
mall because of my driving
anyone talking about is speaking of okay
let me tell you when I Drive it's a
video game
okay let me tell you the places so
stupid listen and when you get really
really close to that back of the car
tailgating you get a hundred points okay
when you get really close past them
stare them down through the window flip
them off if you get 300 points okay what
else nine to speed 30 miles over the
speed limit you get another 300 points
I've never lost around in this game
never no matter what playing it if you
go behind the car in chess be close to
them as possible for as long as possible
you're going to equal yeah your points
tally up Anthony knows all about this
he's watching me play this game in my
head for years but um if you're
wondering how you lose its accidental
car crash you get a car crash and that's
game well let me make it 100 points okay
100 right here
fucking idiot
but we have so hands water and that he
says the AIDS going to the ball but I
think his hates drug watch when I start
driving yesterday future said that he
doesn't really new drugs he said he's
not a drug addict he just says it to
portray an image and his music that was
the biggest lie I've ever heard in my
life
that had to be the biggest I've ever
heard in my life either you said hearing
it out it stop bringing up you got up
you said you were gonna make it up
stopping it up shit oh Anthony's a
better youtuber than me I'm vlogging
with my phone yeah I brought people
problems the Jack I'm weighing right now
is worth more than your life
Oh
Hey hi so princess what Jackie dog is
still here I'm asked to take it out take
her out and play
Jackie's gonna kill me she wanted to see
her so bad guys look for playing with
this husky Bosley Bosley blue he's so
scared
the name is Sherman no it's not yeah
where I got the dog maybe sharing as you
had gone yourself
wait leave him on the record log him
achieve hey guys you know the first
thing he did when he came in was bite me
yeah I can get you twice what did you
just eat hey treat pieces that's it
don't your pop i'm pleum garage yeah
you're going to the garage to find our
dog we want my bean ah look at the shit
he has your fake contacts oh yeah yeah
my brother Lawrence has an N you picked
the worst dog are you hey this is it
curious you do anything watch watch
watch down here little buddy - buy me
buy me gimme rabies buddies in the
background a rabies hey guys what is
going on he just peed on Anthony look
you literally look at the history right
jacket Hey Bosley stop that's it in the
garage right now hid in my eyes hate my
life because you were in a circle piss
on ethany at any time
or to do this better a I want to be
alive yeah that's it hey that's my
jacket
check Anthony look Jenny it hey why'd
you pee on my jacket
oh my god look yes so yesterday get my
skills all the ended up never coming
your house again there may help you get
a Anthony school all this awesome and
now you don't know I have Ange bro oh
god I'm gonna take princess out and send
Jackie snapchat she's at work right now
she's gonna be so pissed I swear her but
I want to see her okay guys so I came
back to the past or to see princess
Jackie's dog and I noticed a hoodie
right here so it so you guys can shout
out your friend hi Kevin they're huge
fans of Brock I just sent raga snapchat
and me to Loki
look at it a wolf a rogue rain let me
see that
it's Brian on there oh I see Brian apex
where my I'm not even not okay now you
played with a husky that ended up taking
a piss on Sherman yeah and then what
death and that no it's kind of dry now
on my jacket he Peter my camera yeah he
peed on his in here and then um and then
like we're about to walk out and I saw
this first of all we call you guys if
you're watching this vlog we call you
taking a picture of me and Anthony so we
turned around and she was wearing a
phase hoodie and I was like okay I gotta
put her in my vlog so yeah yeah and were
ya oh wait that's fitting oh the
bathroom is that way we just peeing
fitting her Anthony he's gonna piss
himself just like the dog piss on it
yeah because when he peed on me like I
drank it cuz I had nowhere to go and I
got really thirsty we're going back to
play with the child Oh somebody wasn't
whistled at home no keep okay baby
you're watching this we're going back to
play with color babe where do you go
else right there you dumb fuck hey hey
don't record me getting ready when it is
dude this is I guess she went away to
your wedding see I'm wearing this to my
wedding look I know that's what I try to
look nice
yeah look I mean is that Jeff hornacek
Phoenix on this case I just requested
princess
we're waiting for the child the same one
that let's see if she remembers me right
now says let's eat you remember hey stop
trying to buy yeah okay let me get a
good one babe this is why we're not
buying her look at this ah fuck
here give me the letter by me for the
video yeah let everybody for the phrenic
okay okay hey okay Lao okay okay too
pushy
okay ah it's not a dog scared no Anthony
do my dark alright I call it a shit got
that are you literally a model maybe you
turn it also the saddest part of the day
you are branded for me to have it
get the fuck out of my car I go down to
the DMV it out snapchat me up
alrighty snacks how do you die okay guys
I think Bosley caught me cheating on him
work keep smelling me Bosley was just a
one-time thing I won't do it again he's
like oh hell no with a Chow Bryan
Buckley caught me cheating on him you
what he caught me cheating on him work
ahead uh Bosley Bosley I'm sorry it was
a husky and a child can you blame me
how the hell did he make this wrong damn
cheese two winners of 11 straight but
playing in New England they're already
down 21 6 so they're already in a big
hole
yeah Bosley I know I went played with
other dogs you don't have to be this mad
but he literally just keeps staring at
me what
I'm sorry Bosley i watch one more quick
the Chiefs got to score a touchdown on
this possession
honestly don't care who wins this game I
don't like either to Bosley is still
pissed at me buzz Li you love me maybe
but plastic cups that are usually here
we got no more so I have to use this for
milk if you're wondering
oops definitely knocked the cap if
you're wondering what I need milk for I
just saw that we had Double Stuf Oreos
so how you how you're going to eat
Double Stuf Oreos without milk whoever's
calling I'm not answering I'm on the
move to talk so Nolan Lee huge fan say
what's up to the vlog you could shout
out your friend if you want hi Warren
Austin shout out to Austin I want to
shout out any friends no boyish add owed
to us
he just moved here from Canada he's been
with rug since 400 grand survivors he
watches my videos too so yeah it's okay
mom do you want to say hi YouTube thing
YouTube tomorrow you could watch it your
phantom positive yeah surprisingly
Bosley's not really shy right now yeah
usually he'll be barking Labor's some
guys would start taking
wait why are you over there okay
first of all I wonder the don't fool
like I said I work
James James loci famous now the bed
shouts my house thank you hey my earring
you have a fan at Belmont Park Raya and
I Love You Man your blogs are funny
Michael what about mine
oh you're very funny too
we out here at MXN you already know
getting myself a burrito you have no
idea why I'm back here after what
happened last night so if you recognize
me he's for sure spitting in my food
there is no way after the whole Lawrence
and Anthony scandal yeah so today I went
to the mold Anthony met a few fans um I
went to Belmont Park it's this Beach
kind of like Dean Park not really a
theme park but like I know I went into
that with my girlfriend and I didn't
really vlog much there because my camera
was dead so like and my phone doesn't
really have storage so I was kind of
struggling with space my gosh how long
does it take what did you order the
whole damn menu
Jesus Wow it's really been 12 minutes
since I ordered and I'm not even at the
window there was only one car in front
of me guys I lost my fucking debit card
today
I lost my ATM card at the beach so I
have to call and do all this to cancel
it so now I'm getting a new one next
week finally but yeah I had to like it
was I don't even know where I lost it or
anything but good thing nobody charged
on it yet
goodbye Seattle that's here my dad my
dad dogs sausage McMuffins from
McDonald's he got me in buying sausage
McMuffins from McDonald's for breakfast
and after dad drinking straight from the
bottle just roll it so it wasn't from
McDonald I made that fine June you are
you sure I'm just joking my dad actually
made all this from scratch from scratch
Bosley Spartans Hail Caesar
pg-13 Keyes's Fiero you have
alright guys so it is time to wrap up
this vlog um I hope you guys did enjoy
it right now 8:00 11:40 a.m. there's a
son's game at 12:30 against the
Minnesota Timberwolves honestly mm-hmm
that's all I'm going to say there's a
Suns game I'm not predicting a win I'm
not predicting a loss I'm not predicting
I'm not even pretty guys to score one
point like I wouldn't be surprised if
the end score was Minnesota 104 to the
Suns zero that's all I'm gonna say um
anyway the few guys are music fans
future dropped a mixtape kinda this
morning last night called Purple Rain
and I haven't really heard the whole
thing but I heard a few songs and it
goes so on you guys can find that it's
not on Apple music it's a mixtape so
find it on some app but let me tell you
guys why future is officially the goat
like motherfucker drops a mixtape and
he's playing in the NFL playoff game
right now for the Seahawks so on
I'm not sure if that's ever been done in
history where you drop a mixtape and
play in a professional playoff game in
the same day but whether it's on whether
it's to get closer to Russell Wilson to
gain his head about Ciara oh I don't
know what he's doing in Seattle but um
starting linebacker for the Seahawks
anyway yeah I hope you guys did enjoy
this vlog go check out that mixtape uh
check out later if the Suns win if they
lose honestly if they lose I don't
fucking care anymore their number get
the number one pick in the draft
something is in my eye right now but um
yeah I love you guys all privada SHhhh
I'm out
oh yeah and don't forget to check out
tomorrow's video tomorrow and posting a
video it's gonna be a funny story about
my very first kiss and that's all going
to say I'm a way for you guys to watch
that so that's going up tomorrow and I
hope you guys enjoyed that video too
