guys 9:45 a.m. and I'm getting my double
socks on and my basketball shoes if you
guys know me you would be saying isn't
that a little early for you to go to the
gym because I usually go around 11:00
well I usually go around 11:00 play some
basketball and then lift after but today
I woke up early uploaded my video got
that out the way so I'm gonna go work
out first I'm a lyft first and then I'm
gonna play basketball for all my lifters
all my ballers out there you guys know
that it's it's a struggle working out
first and then trying to play basketball
it's lit Bosley here's gotta pee on my
hat
it's literally like when you lift first
especially today I'm doing back in
biceps so you got a pump you feel all
tight and then you try to play
basketball and your shot is so often
you're like your game is just off but
I'm gonna do that because honestly when
I play basketball and then work out I'm
so tired and I'm like forced to take a
pre-workout because basketball kills all
your energy and then you try to work out
you have shitty workouts so today go
there lift first and then play ball and
I'm gonna be out of there early come on
we got to go downstairs you haven't peed
or pooped all night I'll take you on in
the backyard I don't have time to take
you for a walk come on let's go
no not yet
your food is that 11 not yet Bosley
they're so cute but come on you gotta go
go over here yeah guys I can't remember
the last time I lifted before playing
basketball because just like I said it
kills your game but at the same time
playing basketball first and then
working out also kills your workout so
you gotta sacrifice one or the other
well yeah I'm happy cuz usually I go
play ball usually I go and play ball
from like 11:00 to 1:30 and then I
workout like 1:30 to 3 so I'm out of
there like at 3 or 3:30 but today I'm
gonna go lift first and play basketball
till 1:00 or 1:30 and I'm gonna be out
after that I don't know I might get a
haircut or that's tomorrow so probably
not today I didn't even set up an
appointment I already have one for
tomorrow so I'm not gonna change it I'll
probably hang out with my girlfriend
after I get back cause Lee come on guys
I just read this tweet and like are you
foot like how stupid can somebody be
this chick I don't know what how her she
was or whatever but she tweeted every
dude cheat everyone is going to get
cheated on its life accept it for what
it is and stop being oblivious to the
nature of a man first of all so I guess
it's in the nature of a man to cheat on
his girlfriend I cheat on math test if
that's what she's talking about then
yeah every man cheats but uh like you
said she sounds so stupid I had to reply
I replied saying this might be the
dumbest we I've ever seen in my life
congrats and I gave her a trophy emoji
like are you kidding me I know what's
even worse is that Bobby still hasn't
pooped buzzer come on go
yeah guys approaching 200 thousand subs
I don't even know like what to say I
don't even know like I'm I'm just hope
all's they went poof father that's not
fair you got to go poop before me but um
I'm so literally just so thankful if you
guys ever think that I'm not you are
wrong like loudly come on let's go
inside
oh yeah I'm so grateful for that I don't
even know how it happened and crazy
crazy crazy guys I'm trying to eat a
quick breakfast before I go work out
first of all this if you have this in
your freezer you know you're Arabic it's
literally called Arabic bread
it's peanut bread but still but yeah I'm
trying to eat a quick breakfast fugly i
eleven not yet and I see a hot pocket
but there is no there's no packet so
this is a mystery hot pocket somebody
threw away the box I have no idea what
this is so oh no we're gonna find out I
don't know if it's ham and cheese pizza
meatball pawsley
guys everyone calls me weird cuz I take
the haul pocket out and put it in a
plate instead of that little mini like
whatever it comes with guys what's that
disease you can get from holding
electronics too close to the microwave
whatever it is I'm bout to get it right
now I remember this opening shit to let
all the heat out I can't believe you
guys made me feel so dumb from my
cooking tutorial but it's okay because
honestly I deserved it
those cookies were so easy to bake and I
somehow mess them up I know Basel you're
hungry you just got to wait one more
hour okay is that fine
yeah that's fine don't worry puzzly you
gotta lose some weight cut down on the
corona cutting out on the Bud Light it's
okay you don't need it you're still
young guys this is literally Bosley's
closet
that's literally Bosley's all of it I
don't know why he has all that but don't
worry Bosley I'm not taking any it's all
yours the moment of truth okay
definitely smells like garlic so it's
not the breakfast one for sure
it's either meatball or pizza which is
not what I wanted at earlier than 10:00
a.m. and it is it's definitely
definitely fucking hot that's what it is
ha right I haven't even noticed like I
looked at hey I'm on two weeks upload
sweet two weeks and I try not to keep
track of sweets because like I go to
college I'm just on break right now for
one more week but I am a college student
and like I go to the gym every single
day I got my girlfriend so like it's
kind of hard for me to keep a long
streak but without even noticing it I'm
not a two-week upload streak so um
obviously not being big on students cuz
I know there's some days with homework
and stuff that I can't upload but I mean
two weeks I'm gonna try to keep that up
for you guys
maybe try to make it a month I don't
know however long I could do but like I
said when school starts I'll definitely
try to be uploading six times a week I
just don't know if I can get a video out
every single day guys watch this look
how excited he gets cuz he knows my mom
and Brian are awake upstairs puzzle you
want to go upstairs Cheers wanna go
upstairs puzzle you want to go upstairs
let's go sit okay I'm going upstairs
come on
no you go first you go go Bosley go
upstairs you want me to go up first
no you I want you to go first buzz it go
sis hey Bosley go bring the toy we'll go
upstairs Asli guys look hey
Bosley why don't you bring the toy
alright go stairs go okay you want me to
go first come here
Basel you're literally an idiot why do I
have to go up first I want to go to the
gym well there's my leg day I'll finish
it off right here going back downstairs
squat
done he's like why the hell did you go
downstairs
put my one scoop I'm gonna get the water
from inside
it's just amino acids well yeah it's
time to go workout just finish my
workout just walking it off on the
treadmill before I go play people are
still showing
well yeah since my workout before
playing and now I can't wait to play
awkwardly walking on the chest
I'm just warming up my knees I'm not
even running or anything just got back
from the gym let's go see what parsley
is up to possibly oh that's your pillow
yeah I was at the gym you wanna know
don't lick your pot don't do it don't
like Bosley I'm gonna put you in the
garage right now don't lick my face
either clearly tastes like exactly like
his food hi guys I know I said I don't
cut appointment tomorrow but I just
couldn't do it I called my barber and I
said that I need a cut today so I'm
going to go get a car right now my mom
and dad putting the Christmas tree back
with Bosley chewing my girlfriend's
shoes my dad got a haircut so I have to
go get a haircut that I like your line
up I just got my cut I think I cut a
little too much off the top I was trying
to grow the top I was trying to leave
the top long but my mom made tacos mom
it's not Tuesday taco taco Thursday oh
wow Lisa it starts with T taco Thursday
guys after I eat some tacos I'm going
back to the gym
cuz I'm crazy yeah I'm going back to the
gym to play basketball I already played
bass one worked out earlier but now I'm
going back to play some more basketball
wish wish my legs look guys don't these
look so good mom have you thought about
working at Taco Bell yes they're hiring
24/7 yeah just now finishing my tacos um
got someone comment to the other day
saying you eat like a farm animal I'm
not sure on which video honestly I don't
think I eat like a farm animal
do i where are my shoes but yeah that
was pretty funny because my girlfriend
always tells me that I eat really like
hard whatever that means sorry it sounds
pretty funny I can't believe I'm going
back to the gym I was already there for
like three four hours but I don't know
where my shoes are oh my shoe they're in
my room
there's no way I'm really gonna die
probably I don't know at the age of
maybe 22 I'm 20 now so I probably have
like a two years left for all this I
mean as if one burger wasn't bad enough
two burgers goddamn eleven okay why did
I just say that I've been watching way
too much English campus yeah back from
the gym I need I went and saw Jackie for
a little and now I need to eat and take
a shower before I edit this vlog and go
to bed back to the grind tomorrow Jim
tomorrow 11:00 a.m. oh yeah I actually
remembered my money this time so there
was not a problem there literally a
7-hour Jim day though so I think I
deserved these burgers
oh but yeah I'm supposed to get my hair
cut tomorrow but instead I remembered
that sons at Celtics was at 4:30
so that was gonna mess up my schedule so
I just got to it for today oh no you
guys can tell
what are you doing stop I love waffles
watching there was no son's game today
there's a game Friday against the
Celtics
probably another loss just woke up from
the middle of my sleep so I can finish
editing this vlog you can tell by my
voice I just woke up the grind is real
my last video sing by that dog for
Jackie she would love it Baba don't
think he didn't cross my mind I wish I
could buy it for her she's not allowed
to have pets at her place so that's a
big no-no 5:37 am i all right here I
love all you guys I really do I love all
my subs and I'm so tired I love all you
guys is my outro for what is peace thank
you guys for watching this vlog peace
out guys peace out oh yeah go Suns go
Suns my dad leaving to work say bye to
the vlog
have fun at work almost done then I can
go back to sleep
back to it double socks sure it's time
to go play some basketball you can kind
of see it better okay all everybody who
wait look
everyone who the true regular haircutter
nodes can never judge a haircut app
until after you shower but um see I get
a like a low like a medium skin taper a
- on the sides skin tapered - on the
sides then I leave the top like a seven
or eight that's it guys I've been
getting these like really bad headaches
and I'm not sure if it's whether like
I'm sleeping on two or three pillows or
if it's because I'm like editing my
videos late at night and then I just
like go to sleep right away wake up and
edit again so I'm just on my laptop I
don't know but it's been like a week of
it's just been happening but I know
anyways you already know that it's
literally it's 10:50 - so just like
literally hours not even like 12 hours
after I came back from my 7 hour Jimmy
I'm go back to play basketball
anyways I do hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog and yeah I hope you guys enjoy your
Friday cuz I'm gonna enjoy mine I'm
probably gonna watch the Suns
take another L to the Boston Celtics but
I'm gonna get to watch Isaiah Thomas
play who I miss I miss Isaiah Thomas
playing for the Sun so bad I love
watching him play so it's gonna be a
good game but uh anyway I'll see you
guys later bruh wadis I'm
