I got this alright what's up you guys so
robot is here and then and we just tell
guys really quick it's what Brian what's
today Oh today's Monday night ok 11:30
p.m. on a Monday night
oddly shut up trying to do a cooking
tutorial so you already know about the
Phoenix Sun short oh I went to bond
earlier to buy Hershey's chocolate milk
okay and I stumbled across the cookie
aisle and look what I saw look Hershey's
cookies and cream deluxe cookies look at
this tell me you're gonna walk past this
and not buy it it was impossible so I
picked this up and you guys I know I'm a
dumbass so like I don't even know how to
bake cookies but my mom and dad are out
for her birthday her birthday's coming
up but my dad didn't have time to take
her out later so he's taking her out
tonight rugs even more of a dumbass than
I am so on I'm stuck doing this on my
houseboat Jackie was over earlier and I
was going to tell her to help me make
these but I completely forgot they were
in the freezer
guys look at this they already smelled
so good
what's that disease you get from eating
raw cookie dough mmm
so there you have it
dad how you bake cookies I'm joking
am I just going to try to bake these but
it's honestly so good hmm so I'm gonna
have eleven cookies I'm gonna save this
one for rug Brian I'm making you one
cookie okay so one more bite hmm okay
but I don't want to die tonight
I'm gonna stop eating the raw cookie
dough here oven to 350 degrees so uh no
bitch is it on bake what do we do
baked cookies how can I forget time it
says 13 to 17
I'll just put uh I want to do
TJ Warren's number but he's 12 and
that's gonna be undercooked how about I
go old-school Robin Lopez played for the
Phoenix Suns 53 he - what three bullshit
350 why can't it only you motherfucker
oh that's why
okay start not sure how suppose to put
the cookies in first or what tea oven to
350 place cookie oh shit
why ungreased cookie sheet holy shit is
this a cookie sheet hey I have the
camera up over the yeah please look
around about two inches apart two inches
on the side of Brian's dick right there
two inches apart I guess right here okay
still at fifteen damn minutes how long
I'm gonna save these either all for
throat to eat them raw I'll eat them
wrong cuz I go in wrong
or I'll just put them back I don't even
know how my mom and dad watch my videos
mom dad I'm sorry you guys probably hate
me
oh shit I forgot to put rugs cook in
there well fuck I just closed the oven
on my finger this one's for road
okay start oh shit what the sorry okay I
don't know what I just did but uh I'll
just update you guys when they start
baking Brian look it was making the
heating sound or whatever but the time
wasn't moving so I press cancel and
started it again and now it's not even
pressing but the orange lights are on
but it's not making the noise to do is
over cuz I think if are you Rachael Ray
I think but before it wasn't doing that
before that's making a noise but just
don't touch anything cuz it okay like
you got to let this preheat and let it
that one's yours
alright I told you I'm making a cookie
don't touch my phone you dipshit guys
it's been probably like eight to ten
minutes ever since I okay okay emerald
fucking guy fury okay well I guess what
don't cuss oh sorry got fifty minutes
for that to bake I just remembered that
I got wings earlier today and I got the
pizza but I also got this so I have like
an extra meal of wings and things that I
haven't ate yet it's low key expired
it's been out for I don't know like ten
hours but I'm fucking I'm gonna eat this
while this is cooking but and I hid I
hid one breadstick from rug in here
earlier today there's one more and the
honey barbecue sauce in case rug I don't
know
tried something
the countdown is getting technical now a
little professional here with the exact
settings when it gets under a minute is
going to have the nanoseconds like NBA
shot clock this smells so good
am I supposed to flip them though
would you do something for the cookies
bullshit
I'm saying if you do something to help
look how big bronze viagra is 12 hour
relief
mucinex why you keep getting so close to
me if you're sick guys yesterday we're
eating our burritos he's literally like
this all over my food oh now you laugh
huh guys Brian fucking couldn't even
swallow the pill Oh Brian's definitely a
spitter oh honey well I wasn't even
making a joke what were you thinking you
naughty 90 seconds remaining guys I
don't know if these are cooked oh my god
Brian they are so not cooked look look
what happened when I touched one book
mushy is the fans name I came to our
house yesterday
really oh okay okay okay okay so how do
I just get all be okay we'll put we did
that we had two minutes it's all good
don't worry we're minutes away
ready putting value so that was the end
of the fourth this is end of overtime
wonder Allen George am I really only
getting one when I ate out up look how
it's like this I ate the raw cookie
dough we need final oh you got another
one yeah thank you thank you I'm gonna
do right here yeah
close it close the book you burned the
hairs we got the hairs on the ring
finger and look at no no I'm I'm Lauren
oh yeah will over time not three minutes
oh that shit burn okay guys I want to
check it's the bottom is burn oh shit no
the bottom isn't burn okay Brian so
you're having you're having this one and
that one
don't breathe in you pick that work up
from the floor why would you do that and
touch all the cookies no the first
videos gave you a new force right there
oh honey is this who picks it up off the
floor head starts touching oh okay well
you get these three although ones I
touched okay but honestly I don't know
how these are gonna cook they keep
getting mushy and I'm like over the time
- hey guys let's see now did you bed
your finger yet getting there but so
little mushy mushy is the fans name
shout out mushy I met him yesterday and
triple overtime start bitch Brian it's
at 13 to 17 minutes first I put fifteen
minutes then I added like two minutes
and I added like two minutes and now I
added on a minute 20 left in the like
fucking millions round but I'm about it
ended honestly no so they're not ready
all the time right now and they're still
kind of mushy but instead of um like
just putting more time I'm just gonna
let them sit in there and hopefully they
get a little crispy
okay so we have ro who's going to take
his out first Brian with whoa there you
have a plate don't touch that you said I
have one a road no you get the first
three wait really after you touch them
with Brian you're not gonna die you
eating that fast food joints Frank leave
it leave it
damn it shit yo leave okay try it try it
try it
don't destroy let's try it come on come
on
this is guys okay no we have fine I'm
putting more time did your tongue rip
itself a new asshole
once I try it again try it again
come on come on guys at Benihana's Mian
fuck boy play a game where right when
the food comes off the grill we have to
put in our mouth right away it burns so
bad and the chef thinks were crazy
let me Bryan if you bake them the house
would be on fire right now okay so so
dogs don't do that don't go chance wait
for her right I love wait till the
camera turns off guys wait on camera
turns off the drug never makes a video
for the rest of his life just know why
come vlog this do something useful in
your life for one's food is funky not
good yeah this one came out good in the
car full you dumbass don't cough on the
loser stupid
nobody does that how wait where'd it go
take the Aryan sick my hand and get it
no you can't get it anymore it's calling
just cooking these cookies owner came
out by the finger grandpa cook them try
dipping one cookie in there for the
video yeah right
come on show them where it is I'm
actually gonna try to get it the oh shit
the oven is literally like six million
degrees well we know one piece
this one's for you to look at the state
of California okay all right this is
worse than fear factor stop coughing
okay it's not my fault
don't be sick oh that's it hey wow how
am I even supposed to get those there
okay I'm working out through here
Waluigi looking ass yeah okay ah guys it
just turned 10 January 12 seven minutes
ago and it's my mom it's my mom's
birthday I'm happy birthday mom happy
birthday how old now
57 mom 97 27 whooshing so you had you so
you had me when you were seven years old
oh my god um guys now the cookies were
too soft and machine now they're so how
did this happen Bryan move okay Luke
okay bye
from from oh it's too soft too mushy -
Wow
cooking fail but we'll never give these
to my mom for her birthday
fuck I'll give I'll give mine to Jackie
you give you is to my mom
okay guys so that was the first and
probably the only episode of cooking
with bro Wallace and don't even ask why
because if you can't tell why then you
obviously didn't pay attention during
this video the cookies not only burnt um
are rock-hard but they played us they
were soft in the oven and somehow they
came out hard oh yeah I think I'm gonna
stick to my chips and salsa for the
night and I don't think you guys are
going to see any more cooking with bro
episodes so what you said last night
Mama's birthday she just got home
damn near one in the morning out
partying for her birthday 27 years old
party happy birthday thank you no mom
the cookies burnt yes you don't even
want to see it I had to throw mine away
they weren't even edible mom that's my
father's birthday gift yeah thanks
my mom's turn it up wait mom you're
really 57 ah you're who you look good
for 57 though you know anything 43 you
just said 27
