I got this guy's me and my brother went
to go get burritos literally starving
went to get burritos me and Brian it's
literally one two three four it's 12:30
almost 1:00 a.m. we come home the only
gate was this salsa look nobody is
fucking eating this so we put the
burritos in the air and we're going back
to get salsa let's go though literally
1:00 in the morning going back to get
going back just to get salsa hot sauce
whatever fucking find it your finger
give me your keys yes I drove there I'm
not driving back Brian's driving back
guys what the hell are we even supposed
to say go to the guy and say oh hey um
you gave us only one wrong salsa or hot
sauce whatever the fuck it is like what
do we even sees gonna be like like you
dumbasses really came all the way back
just to get a different if she does
burrito with that song yeah I or just a
normal side yeah hopefully the burritos
don't get cold okay so I think I'm
telling Brian to stop at the speaker and
say hey can we speak to you out the
window and rather than just going
straight to the window because he's
gonna think it's like a robbery if we go
straight a robbery Bravo's okay there
goes oh wow this place really has
looking funny looking you focus on ice
literally has a rule other guys there's
a never there's never a car at this
Mexican food joint and of course right
now in this situation there's a car of
course Brian he's gonna he's gonna kill
you he's gonna look at you and say what
did you miss it the moment of truth to
see the accident guess I got the wrong
salsa
hey what's up we accidentally got the
wrong salsa but can we get the red one
like the you know he's like what the
fuck yeah is that it yeah yeah please
uh a couple more is fine one more yeah
one more someone fix up guys music
choice Brenda you know you're gonna
wanted to buy it you have no taste in
music to another song and every one of
my I wanna see what you happy lets me
take we're gonna switch I get won't
happen you would have for mine the fuck
is that I get one of could you get that
green
I'm serious mine is really good cuz I
want to try you here but why did you
wreck that small it's not the same you
can choose which one to give me and try
this it's so good can I get in the half
do you really
if you don't wanna switch we all have to
fine yes okay so now I got see them
I left my camera in the car so I have to
record with my phone it's time go on the
double socks go on the LeBron twelves
head to the gym to play some lunchtime
basketball
Mabel the web-based fancy sports game
schedule to locate peggle to love bases
for teens and you can enter contest runs
a lot $1 and basically just I'll show
you guys in there I'll show you guys how
to do it you basically just enter a
lineup for the night
Napoleone one de carb√≥n s you answer
for what it how it all works you don't
know already but they see when you sign
up just use promo code face bro because
when you do that I'm going to know which
are love and just tweet me proof or
something that you signed up with my
code and you guys are all ready and oh
yeah we got reading the fall
I'll show you guys how it works and
everything is really really simply
basically just enter a lineup and it's
only a lineup for one guy each of the
different lineup and the other night you
want to play and you get entered you can
enter crunches for as little as $1 but
when you sign up be sure to have a fun
multiple phase drug start opens up
because they're all going to be entered
into a ps4 get all a I just be sure to
tweet me be sure to just tweet me proof
so basically I each vandal for NBA so if
you're that in the a pen definitely
felicity
I basically used a handle for NBA and I
played this almost every night at it's
actually really quite a bake sports pen
time where they're getting the boys
unless you go against your opponents and
correct and whoever tallies up the most
points at the end of the night wins the
contest which is really really fun
you have to pick players that will cap
up the $50,000 you get to be smart about
it and all that good stuff in the
morning
enter your lineup you just hit enter and
you just wait for the games to come on
that way guys I didn't shave yesterday
and look at all this peach fuzz so much
peach fuzz for one day God look at
Bosley playing with this toy I'm gonna
get it bud Lee get it get it huh laughs
on a bun no but in the right now that's
it Bosley it's mine it's mine I was
about to get some food and I'm about to
go play some ball
once I tie this shoe Bosley you want to
go to the gym and play some basketball
I said you want with it you go get your
food
so I fucked up my wrist playing ball I
know if you could see it I like I like
landed on it awkwardly so I can't play
today
plays for like two two and a half hours
I'm done I'm just work out some ABS on
my mat then I'm gonna go home I can't
lift either this shit fucked up got
buffalo chicken pizza from wings and
things how good does this look
not that this the ranch and honey
barbecue sauce it has little pieces of
chicken on it right here they asked if
they remember this song or as I'd
remember this song hey you're just
trying to me copyright this yeah this is
my club huh just watch love no mess guys
fucked up my wrist so bad
copyright fine look no way watch me pick
ballsy approaches
Dody me ugly killing Bosley killing
punch me oh hey look how Punch and buzzy
bug listen yeah guys that's one thing
people don't know about me I can grow a
beard if I wanted to my shave every
single day not this obviously but I
shave all here here shut up bitch I
shave here here here I shave every
single day I could grow beautiful I just
don't want to go good I'm about to go
shave this peach fuzz off right now and
my mustache I like it
guess who's gotta go open up a pio box
they're gonna peel box we're mian mian
rug without a leaf Bosley here by
himself go open up a peel box at the
post office right now
Rogers has to finish uploading this
video and then we'll be on our way
you guys have been asking for this so
we're finally gonna do it and I'll be
vlogging
the whole time by the way before we open
the peel box I just want to say that my
mom and dad haven't made a YouTube
channel that one is fake
whichever one commented on my no drugs
video it's fake they haven't made one
yet when they do make one if they do me
an drug we'll both link is so whichever
ones you see now are fake guys I'm not
saying this is the best soda out there
this is definitely the most underrated
soda on the market Canada Dry coke pepsi
Dr Pepper 7up that gets all the love but
Canada joy is underrated I swear no more
it's actually good a bunch of people
hate on it ginger ale
made from real ginger Yeah right I doubt
it
holy crap no wonder it's so good 50
grams of sugars in one bottle guys
buzzer loves my aunt so much fuzzy ways
were a jab go Rajah no I was able guys
does this look like my mom she's just
like my mom she doesn't let me record in
her pajamas Oh does that mean
fuzzy Bosley loves her
I hate what he does that too oh right
now what does gaba mean what does it
mean they don't know oh wait we go
what's your favorite snack called Fig
Newton she said she said fuck it's $4.99
now why she said spinach dick is $6.99
time to go open up P o box
stop following me dog we'll be back
Bosley so I'm gonna take long
don't cough
better get some ice for my wrist
we just got here we already see there's
a huge fucking line but I knew I should
have came before people got off of work
and there's so many cars here I just
read the door they close at 5:00 p.m.
it's for 58 right now look at the line
we have two minutes
skip medium and low key looks like the
DMV I swear yeah I like the video at
someone else all gonna die in
photography I don't remember oh you do
yeah okay
nice guys I'm shipping the gifts from
the giveaway and I just found out I have
to paint the ship but I have to pay to
giveaway myself what kind of rules this
America we gotta watch the shirt and
machine I know I lagged a little but I'm
finally some you totally got me and rug
are the last people in the post office
all the workers want to go home but
we're lagging we couldn't even open up a
p.o box because you need your driver's
license car registration insurance all
this stuff and then we like they
literally closed the doors on us they
said that we came too late and we have
to come back tomorrow
fuck well I guess we're opening up a
peel oh shit the seat is so back that's
how you know Lawrence was in rugs car
too
but yes I guess they're coming back
tomorrow to open up a P o box
guys listen to this part it's the
greatest line of any song I love this
song
MVP live Steve Nash the greatest player
in NBA history there than Michael Jordan
ok ok not that part that is better than
Michael Jordan be MVP like Steve Nash
god Bless You Nelly Furtado old school
museum one I just started with the old a
my middle school guys balls is actually
playing again look give me that give me
it you want it go ahead Bosley are you
kidding me it's right here cupid sleep I
wanna look at Mosley stupid let me try
here pawsley hey hey hey look dumbass
look that's what you were looking for
huh give me give me a Bosley
thought one more time you're actually
gonna get it this time hey hey come on
okay Bosley I'll get it I get it I know
Bosley I know someone kill this man this
is not real yeah one little bit amusing
listen this isn't real Haru
oh so you gotta remember this are just
listening to old music by Maivia Bosley
can't even walk in your room I can't
even guys leave a like if you want me to
end Brian's life you're gonna get
buzzing fifty thousand imagine well
who's on your YouTube channel right now
who me Oh what should i do guys should I
delete it or what my channel
I think yeah you can just do
where's delete account let me not show
your email delete account maybe privacy
no just just deleted just call them and
delete my account I wish I can call
YouTube god Brian shut up I'm vlogging
so you know so you know how I fucked up
my wrists earlier I literally like I
fell this guy tried to come from behind
and like whack the ball out and he
tripped me up now on the dial and
awkwardly on my wrist but I also got
like a court burn
I was icing earlier but I saw like I was
just gonna rest today I get a fucking
text from two friends saying hey we're
about to go play ball at six o'clock
it's 5:40 I'm this close to texting back
saying I'll be there like I don't know
I'm like feeling it like I start about
to go play ball again like it's too
tempting and nighttime is always better
competition than when I go play
lunchtime so like I don't know I don't
know what to do never mind I'll see you
buzzing why are you sitting like that
lovely so jealous father let's go
downstairs oh my gosh oh well record it
let's go down by Brian as well damn I
don't know if I should go play ball or
rest my wrist wrist wrist wrist wrist
wrist wrist here fucking see homie pawns
me oh shit downs actually nice that
would probably get you laid by a seven I
don't need to get laid by anyone okay if
anybody knows me then they already know
that once my friends texted me saying
we're gonna go ball it doesn't matter
Oh parking Oh
shit guys I'm honestly the worst driver
I've ever seen in my life but yeah so
whether my wrist is broken sprained
burned fucking or not even hurt at all I
don't know but you know I had to come
through to play ball for at least a few
more hours I made it back home in time
to catch the ends the second half of the
bull game who you got winning work
Alabama why cleansing out
24:21 beginning of the fourth this game
is such a good game so far
proof rug reads comments this was on his
screen well confirmed Rory's comments
okay guys to end my night finish off the
heat and warriors game after watching
that Bama Clemson game this game is
close but I feel like the Warriors are
just toying around with the heat the
worries are gonna win it at the end um
got my sunflowers seen these are so
addicting I swear but I don't like deed
I like the cracked pepper flavor really
was you recording wait faker was on the
mic yes okay guys okay did I say
anything bad
no guys fakey snitched me out fakies
right now tell faking it was china's he
was trying to scream to be in the video
really yeah tell to say something right
now for the video say something now
fakey fake you said yo what's up fuck
reward is um yes so to recap this vlog
oh no MX and dude forgot the salsa and
mine and my brother's burrito we can't
open up a P o box yeah I shipped out my
gifts red Jack came over Bosley's in
love with her jack I went to the gym
twice hurt my wrist got a isit tonight
and oh no I'm not sure what else but
anyways I hope you guys did enjoy this
aaaghh until next time bruh wadis peace
rugrat peace
