what is that camera for what
really it's over no I heard no way guys
I didn't even know that my brother's
upload streak ended Brian so I did that
hacked for nothing I hacked Brian for
nothing his streak ended guys I just
woke up I literally have such a bad
headache like I don't know maybe because
I slept on two pillows or I don't know
what but I have a fat ass headache right
now
but you already know all don't stop time
to go play some basketball at the gym no
but really I have a really bad headache
right now I always gonna like take some
Advil or something find my shoes guys
the sun's play the heat tonight Goran
Dragic returns to Phoenix for the first
time since being traded also drilled
Green returns to Phoenix but that's not
a big of a name
Bodley guess who has a longer upload
streak than faze rug this guy robotis
typical San Diego weather two days
literally less than two days about 40
hours after tornado warning flood
warning you know all over the news
look at this sunny San Diego is back
where the hell did I park yeah so I'm
leaving the gym right now I can't
believe it yesterday two days ago
literally like floods and now it's sunny
like about 65 70 degrees perfect weather
but I'm not complaining I love it what
does that mean tell them mom two more
hours until goran dragic and Jill be
returned to Phoenix my head still hurts
my stomach hurts I don't know what's
going on thank you but better than
outside food buzz Lee two more hours you
oughta watch goran dragic come back to
Phoenix as a member of the heat guys you
don't even understand you guys think I'm
in love with Bledsoe you should have
seen when drug which was on the heat
like I mean you should have seen when
drug which was on the sun's it was like
I love growing drug age mom what is this
it doesn't matter it's going drug egde
Bosley why are your arms so long looking
like Kevin Durant right now because
along these arms our father the returned
it's time it's time
there he is all I see here is going
George and Gerald Green versus the sons
I don't even see the Miami Heat symbol
the only two sons jerseys I own right
now gelled green and gore on drug each
there's one problem though and I'll show
you right now
last year going job it's got traded to
the Miami Heat
this summer geraldine chose to sign lee
phoenix and sang with the Miami Heat
and this is both their first time coming
back and playing against Phoenix since
leaving I look guys I don't even have a
Eric Bledsoe jersey I don't have TJ born
I don't have ties to Chandler Brandon
Knight none of those these were my two
favorite players last year jail bean
corn draw gage this game emotional but
don't get me wrong
go Suns the sun's better win this game
there's nowhere except a defeat at the
hands of the Miami Heat it's gonna be
weird seeing draw bitch in a different
Jersey playing on this core honestly I
used to love going jogging I literally
I've met him like four times no I've met
him like six times I met Jill green a
few times I have like four autographs by
going jogging
oh no this game is just gonna be
emotional but I hope the Suns win oh
come on come on you have got to be
kidding me Bosley where's the game huh
where's the game you embarrassing you
call yourself a Suns fan let me help you
out here a big boy listen here 7:42 okay
now we're good Bosley
don't forget about Amar'e Stoudemire to
former saw and former all-star former
Rookie of the Year former first-round
pick led the Suns in scoring from
multiple years he was the son's best
player for years along with Steve Nash
and Shawn Marion this game is just
filled with a bunch of former Suns 50
points for Amar'e as a member of the
Suns
oh wait guys don't forget guys so I had
Joe green and gorn draaga try it don't
forget
look at this every single Phoenix Suns
Jersey that I own right now are all
members of the Miami Heat
this is crazy what the hell is going on
so yeah you could see how this game is
like driving me crazy I just need the
sun's to win this game that's Suns
you can lose the next million games you
guys play just please win this game
that's all I ask
she does chair Mongo take it out cuz I'm
not using it all game literally gonna be
standing all game you guys see this face
this is the face of why the fuck is
Marcus Morris in the damn game what the
hell is the point of Markieff Morris
playing even one second in a Phoenix
Suns uniform please someone tell me
someone comment right now what the hell
is the point of Markieff Morris stepping
foot on the court in playing meaningful
minutes in a Phoenix Suns game twenty
one twenty two suns
look at that gerald green what the ball
passes it I'm gonna cry when jail green
throws down a huge dunk green no G green
my second favorite son last year behind
goran dragic
okay guys quick little update the Suns
were down by 13 at halftime
53 to 40 they were down and they've cut
it to six and 11 to four run 5751 he are
still up but the Suns are cutting down
the lead there's draw edge to Wade don't
foul Jesus Christ for the love of god
this isn't 2006 you motherfuck 3-pointer
and one devin booker 3-pointer and a
foul that it was 53 to 40 so that's a
22-6 run look at this
three-pointer and one
right when I was turning my camera on to
that he's the youngest player in the
league my gosh I love devin booker dad
he's a rookie
we're down 13 at the half this is rare
to see bosch nope devin booker again dad
oh my god now he has 11 yes a steal for
the Sun hit Booker Booker if you're
smart hit Booker my god Booker scores
again guys Wow 40 no run for the Suns
yes I turned the camera off for two
seconds the sun's literally are down now
after all that I did so maybe I have to
leave the camera on for a good look by
the way I said I wouldn't need to chair
this game my back literally almost gave
out from standing for too long so I'm
gonna need to sit down for a little
Devin Booker is freaking kid is so good
for his age oh my god another turnover
Jesus Christ oh my god that he score
again an I know run I tweeted earlier
today the cause of me having an early
death is gonna be Brandon Nights
terrible shot selection he causes me so
much heart pain that he score again dad
son is down by five yep I know 11 Oh run
for the Heat
fifteen seconds left in the third
quarter Gerald Green if you make this
through you motherfucker
oh he missed he just hit a three and
seared straight at the Suns bench five
seconds left in the third
Mirza for three Tucker oh my gosh
okay Suns down by four going to the
fourth Mears Oh back-to-back threes sons
are down by seven now they're down by
one 8279 to let a bitch still leads all
bench players in three-point field goals
now they caught a foul is that
two-letter adjust Steph Curry Mirza boom
splash okay guys so the sun's are up by
two is six and a half minutes left and
it's a Suns ball I want the sun's to win
this game so bad
Bryan Lawrence are hanging out right now
but I could hang out with them because I
wanted to watch the game so I'm gonna go
after this game they were telling me to
miss the game thing out with them you
know the face I gave them all like Oh
Gauri mother hi night good night Miami
Brandon Knight scores sounds up for was
five and a half nope yes come on one
score here oh fuck
ah of course of all people fucking draw
gage it's a three motherfuck Oh guess
who hits back-to-back threes in a close
game in the fourth none other than Goran
George and Gerald Green of course of
course what more did you expect
but of course draw each ties his fucking
season-high tonight so now wait is
shooting to God the sons team is in
every game and fucking just stupid
mistakes sun's down forward two and a
half minutes Miami ball guys Dwayne Wade
is 33 years old right right I was gonna
fucking say it
20 minutes 33 years old he's playing
like he's 23 is fucking his best game of
the year I swear the sons are playing
good Dwayne Wade is literally hitting
everything get a stop
I was about to go in my car to drive to
meet up with morons for the camera okay
so I was about to go meet up with
Lawrence but apparently it's 2005 right
now which wouldn't make me nine years
old which means I can't drive because
according to Dwayne Wade he's playing
like it's fucking 2005 so I guess I
can't drive come on take my keys away
it's 2005 and I'm only nine years old do
I need some fries with this salt yeah I
need some fries with this fucking salt
oh yes they call themself for the sons
we're only down nine with 17 seconds
left
yes let's go oh they called another foul
great fuck this golden phase drugs
Lawrence let's go we need to go pee so
we're going to McDonald this is for my
vlog guys Lauren's vlogs now what is
they everywhere what the hell is is a
dog park at McDonald's Bosley would fuck
so many bitches if I Brian here
yeah Lauren's vlogs now I'm not Lawrence
what your YouTube what's your YouTube I
have no idea okay okay your shoes untied
yeah guys look in my pocket oh shit yeah
you want one bitch
guys first things first I'm back to the
sheep bedsheets so you can make fun of
me in the comments section I know back
to the Sheep bed sheets on I'll tell you
guys do I not have the best girlfriend
ever remember ever since the beginning
of the vlog I was telling you guys I had
a headache and I felt like shit last
night I literally felt like complete
shit I don't know why but I've got a
text I like 2:00 in the morning saying
go look outside your door and I was like
what the fuck I go this fucking medicine
candy snacks I hope you're feeling
better so thank you babe I am feeling
better though only because it's time to
go to the gym so I gotta make myself
feel better but um yeah I'm an end the
vlog right here Brian I got two things
for you one how does it feel that I have
a longer upload streak than you which
automatically makes me the better
youtuber and second when are we opening
a p.o box me we both have to go we have
to check it for registered sex offenders
I'm not I don't know about you okay guys
yeah ending the vlog right here people
are actually commenting that they miss
Anthony in my vlogs I'm about to go pick
Anthony up so if you miss fuck boy being
in the vlogs
then tune in tomorrow because I'm ending
the vlog right here but you know I'm
gonna carry this camera around so tuning
hey Bosley don't lick your paw but yeah
I'm picking up Anthony right now I'll
vlog with him so tune into tomorrow's
vlog if you want to see Anthony in my
blog
Rosa is mio phone I should call a bunny
go home I've been in his clubs from the
woman that I would
