for 34 p.m. who just woke up what's up
mister hangover it's been a while since
you felt like this hot the best deal
ever I think did you like to forget to
her sure or was this a messed up it
looks like you just woke up in Vegas so
last night me and Brian went out to a
club to celebrate the New Year's and we
were getting a talk from my dad and my
mom for hours and hours don't drink too
much don't stay out late don't do this
don't do that
and we're like okay okay I come back
home I see my dad looking for water
crawling out of bed so we're gonna have
to give you the talk with Bob let you
know baby sit but then and when I see
somebody I mean he's still drunk guys
wait mom did you really call me last
night do you think I remember talking to
you on the phone no my dad looks like
he's ready to go out tonight I think my
dad okay okay sorry sorry my dad's
counting down all the numbers wrong
what did you do steal the balloon dad
where was the invite came out with you
guys let's reenact it just just say so
guys for those who don't know Bosley
always sits right here on this blanket
and he watches us play basketball as you
see the blanket like dented coz ball is
really fat so when he sits it like dense
so bodies laying down here you know
really cute child minding his own
business I'm shooting and Brian's
getting the rebounds so I was taking a
far shot you know all the way back here
so common sense would mean Brian who's
getting the rebounds okay there's a dog
right here who has no idea what's going
on so common sense would have Brian
standing you know maybe like right here
you or maybe you were literally trying
to engage in like a super deep
conversation and like so Brian leaves
buzz and he walks up to me because we're
having a talk and so I shoot the ball
and of course when Brian walks up to me
the ball misses and they hit Bosley in
the back yeah I think that was the
saddest moment other than like the
Phoenix Suns losing games I was for sure
the status home and look and then it
rolled all the way under the tire so
yeah was your fault
I thought you said I had bad music but
this is Phase II Adi this is your boy
fitness guys the worst type of people
are the people who asked you to drive
and then complain about your driving hey
this one's for the HOAs okay we're not
even into community okay all this for
that outer community HOA
my rating be like 10 out of 5 no
negative right no they what I can think
about I offer like water and shine like
starburst okay I find yo guys so me and
Brian were about to go to the mall but
we had to catch the end of this game
it's a super slow game Georgia Oklahoma
the phony Trey young was playing on the
football team too Brian who's winning
this game Georgia Oklahoma Georgia oh
yeah I think but you're saying they're
pulling off the son bag oh I never go
crazy I know what Brent enjoyed crazy
you see me when I watch the South game
everyone's on top of the joint I see
some game okay okay Brian if he misses
it's game over what do you think is
gonna happen is he making it or missing
anything okay you not stealing my shine
Brian who's on with the camera
okay well I'm bowling the iPhone so I
forgot my camera Brian who's in the
camera on first hurry we're in a rush
were in a rush God so since we stayed
and watch Brian I'm gonna kill you so
since we stayed and watched the whole
entire football game we thought the ball
closed later but then we remembered it's
January 1st it's New Years
so the mall closes early and now we only
have Brian how much time do we have we
have 15 15 minutes and then the malls
closed why did we watch the football
game we love you guys bye how many
people fit I'm gonna sue this store they
had hats of every single basketball team
except the Suns Brian don't disrespect
when I'm talking about the Suns
you could run if I'm talking about
family or friends but not about the Suns
okay guys so we just asked if their
clothes and Mo's answers
no they're open find a few hop on the
train I'll give you two dollars yeah
okay two dollars and fifty cents fine
you can't be picky
go go go guys so we got our hot fries
please just look at the spices on this
thing Brian are you dying if it even
touches your lips you die and me and
Brian it touches both of our lips like
I'm die he yo guys so the Maserati
closed and everybody came through to
take some pictures right now we love you
guys thank you guys we see you don't
worry no let me record it don't be shy
he spilled it again Friday so we know
this is the second time in what two
minutes
Brian stop making excuses we have the
same food and I didn't spill mine you
got an A Z as booger no Oscar tell me if
I do actually
let me see you look up look up ah a lot
of hair like you could get a fade in
your nose hairs
but it's no boogers but it's okay
because I have a lot of hair in my nose
do you really can I borrow it damn thing
Brian normal look like our grandma when
she wasted nobody that's what I was
gonna say if we told her head you a dime
yeah but not we would just get her right
but not doing okay but honestly Brian
imagine how many views broke a foot at
the mall oh no not me can you do it cuz
I want to play basketball
you don't really play that much
basketball are you sure
what if I dare you
yeah if you fell in the George Bush it
wouldn't be that bad Oh we'll come back
okay don't lie to him five hundred
thousand five no no okay a hundred
thousand Mike's Oh game sup Brian does
this dress still make you wear or was
that only like a long time ago
hey I'm the new poll ahjussi please no
fun PAC but I met my first ever fade in
public really wait Brian okay you know
how I D I need to jump over this but you
didn't do it but the point there used to
get us a freaking Cinnabon how good does
that sound like thinking about it it's
not stealing if we come back tomorrow
and pay for it wait why did they just
leave it how it was a real Brian we
can't take it no what if we leave the
cash here what if we leave the cash here
we'll give them extra I swear excuse me
oh my God look at this one by itself
Brian I swear we'll leave the cash
that's not stealing it's stealing if you
take and don't leave cash hey you have
the hardest job you've every gap in your
life dad's a heart attack Carter Brian I
feel so bad for the dogs they're all
awake guys I do not support pet stores
that keep dogs in this little cage all
day if I had a place to take them I
swear I would buy all the dogs oh my
gosh I feel so bad if you're buying a
dog do not go through one of these
stores trust me Brian what do you do
Brian
okay wait till you fall wait what do you
want me to do catch you what this is my
vlog this is yours Brian I want to take
all the dogs like by them and free them
but I don't know where to put them just
go Brian if I keep looking at them I'm
gonna feel bad
Schramm life shoutout Brian shout out
put your C bow on how about that so back
what I would say
shout out race tremor we love you Ray we
do people it's sway Lee and slim Jimmy
big fans I think they're gonna watch the
video yo guys since today's New Year's
Day and all the food place is closed
early I have to come and buy some steak
and hopefully I'm good at cooking
because your boy has to cook his own
dinner tonight I don't even know what
kind of steak people bought oh okay well
I'm not too fond of healthy food but I
guess I'll buy some organic squash and
it looks like they go with steak so I'll
get these oh wait don't you have to get
a bag or something for the vegetable you
get the bag and fumble oh I'll get the
bag and put the squash in it oh well
there goes one of them okay I don't know
where to put this now
should I be a bad boy and secretly put
it back or should I tell the workers
that it fell on the floor I think I'll
be good today
just joking this is not Michael Myers
movie it's Abra Waters YouTube video but
look the steak that I got okay I'm not
gonna cook the white paper anyways the
steak that I got is way too big for the
skillet that I have so I'm gonna have to
cut the steak color Joe bullet
will get it to nice this is an exclusive
Michael Myers movie about I just cook
the zucchini I swear
sweet mother of pearl now you got that
extra virgin olive oil on the pan but
then you gotta spice up the steak you
don't want to cook a play that has no
flavor you film you got to spice it up
so first we're gonna go with some garlic
salt a lot of people don't know this but
I'm actually a chef off camera oh
should I call it cholesterol steak
because that was a bunch of salt then
I'm gonna go with black pepper
whatever that works and then the top
secret recipe minced onions whatever
okay then we're gonna flip it over oh
well at least that was the plan cuz if
you wonder where all my Forks are why
I'm in a knife because all my Forks are
dirty and I'm not in the mood to do
dishes right now so and then you can't
forget about the oil
you always got toss and turn so while my
steak is cooking you know me I like to
multitask so but cut off the top man
back in my day when I was a chef people
used to love my food any restaurants
hiring oh wait I think I'm supposed to
wink any restaurants hiring dinner is
served
yes I'm eating with a knife cuz I'm so
easy to clean the forts oh I have
plastic forks I just remembered they
were hidden in the drawer I think and I
hope yes oh my goodness just a quick
announcement before I eat my dinner I
actually do cook like for party so if
you guys are hosting like a birthday at
a park and you know there's a barbecue
grill so I do cater and you know I cook
the food it's gonna be like twenty to
thirty thousand dollar charge depending
what you're cooking what that is but I
do cook the food for everybody there so
and to make things better this is why
people pay a lot of money to have me out
there parties it's a 99 percent chance
how you actually get sick from eating my
food you know whether it's Salmonella or
just any type of signature has a 99%
chance you get it from eating my food so
that's why I charge so much money yo
what is going on everybody it is the
next day right now my apartment smells
so bad cuz it's a steak and zucchini
don't get me wrong it tasted good but
the smell is just disgusting so I'm
getting ready to go to the gym right I
got my basketball shorts and basketball
songs as a funnel where these every
single day anyways but yeah I'm getting
ready to go to the gym to go play some
basketball and I get a text from Dennis
for those who don't remember Dennis
because it's been so so long Dennis is
one of my best friends my boy he went to
Arizona for the holidays because his
family lives in Arizona a lot of people
are asking what happened between you and
Dennis nothing happened he's just in
Arizona for the holidays he's gonna be
there for a couple more days I think is
coming back like January 4th so like two
more days and Dennis does not know where
kiaus he's in Arizona and he's begging
me to go to his room right now to look
for his key I have one of his keys
somewhere I think I hope yeah yeah so I
have one of his keys and he doesn't know
where second one is so he wants me to go
find it
and he wants me to vlog it Dennis why do
I need to vlog myself looking for your
key inside your apartment
but I haven't seen him in a while I miss
him so just so he doesn't cry I'll vlog
it for those who don't know look how
closed and it's lives let's count how
many steps it takes to get to Dennis's
room so I'm exiting my room now 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 and we're here so 12
bruh whatta steps between my room and
Dennis's imagine fellas Kevin Durant or
Yanis on several steps it would be like
three steps okay Dennis well your room
is so dirty there's that so you didn't
clean up before he left and he doesn't
tell me where his key would be I'm not
know this is the mailbox key that's on
his house key but old gym backpack
he had this passport I don't know when
he's planning on leaving the country
change wait what's that Danny what are
you doing on each other I swear to God
Merry Christmas wait when did you get
here you say you come back January 3rd
or January 4th in like two days
Janis what hold on wait where were you
first of all were you trying to scare me
cuz that's the word scatter you guys
hear that all first of all okay hold on
hold on hold on guys it's like I don't
know this is real I'm just like is this
Danny
well everybody thinks we like got in a
fight like people think we're like I
know wait Dennis hold on are you really
like okay so everybody thought that me
and Dennis got like in a fight or we
stopped hanging out or whatever but no
Dennis just went holidays to visit his
family and he was supposed to come back
January 4th but I guess he's back early
so wait Dennis go put your basketball
shorts on you know did you forget what
we do every day at 11 o'clock
we get I mean I'm going it's up to you
if you want to go let's go I'm sure they
missed you at the gym - they haven't
seen you in a while wait okay now that
like it's over I'm not gonna lie you
gave me a little bit of a heart attack
but I almost choked I swear I almost
choked oh you didn't want to scare me
that's how you popped up from behind me
okay guys so I guess dennis is gonna be
back in the videos a little early I know
you guys miss him in the videos Hey my
best friend is back from Arizona early
so Dennis Merry Christmas Happy New
Year's again to all of you guys - and oh
you know what I respect about Dennis
this guy didn't get a haircut
the whole time he was in Arizona because
he doesn't want to cheat on Paul the
barber I respect that
oh holy baby okay we'll go tomorrow yeah
thank you guys so much for watching this
video it started off as a blog with me
and Brian and I thought it was gonna end
that way but apparently ends up with me
and Dennis so please drop a like on this
video if you did enjoy subscribe to the
channel if you are new once again if you
like the broadest merch I don't know if
you see it but link down below
go get your merch it is only available
for 12 more days and yo I'm happy one of
my best friends is dead and we're about
to go play some basketball so peace out
guys
