guys look at this what is going on
new year new weather San Diego 2016 no
but really it's fucking it's crazy right
now like it's raining so hard shit okay
I gotta get home I don't know why I
stayed at the gym for so long but
everybody got a tornado warning this is
San Diego right here sunny San Diego new
year news weather holy shit oh yeah
everyone got a tornado warning as you
can hear and see it's raining crazy hard
I swear it's about to start healing but
yeah I don't want to vlog and drive
right now but I just want to show you
guys how crazy it is everyone shouldn't
be home right now I come home and rugs
cars missing rug where are you stay home
get off the streets it's too dangerous
for a little body like you I swear rug
called Li rug probably slut would fly
away if he walked out in this weather
his body will probably fly hit against
the wall I swear what's going on okay
yeah you can love rain but not this this
is death weather this isn't just rain
don't know don't open the door Oh flash
flood warning in San Diego
Bosley okay Bosley get out time for you
to get out no I'm just joking
dad this is crazy I almost died like
nine times on the way home from the gym
I was just at the gym for like four
hours
from people driving I played ball for
like three hours and then I hit my
shoulders
one hour workout hey guys listen there's
there was just lightning look Bosley
what
Bosley's barking because he saw a
lightning well Bosley saw thunder
lightning whatever the hell it's called
dad get inside
Bosley did you know it's more likely to
get struck by lining two times in the
same spot than it is to hit the
Powerball tonight yeah and one of the
times might be right now guys if one
person if I read a tweet that says this
is netflix and chill' whether I said I'm
gonna flip out okay if it's raining and
it's cold yeah that's Netflix and chill
cuddling weather now how are you leave
it how are you even supposed to get hard
when knowing you're about to die and the
roof is about to fly off your house
don't give me that bullshit Netflix and
chill weather no dad what are you doing
my gosh dad calm
did you know it's more likely to get
struck by lightning two times in the
same place than it is to hit the
Powerball tonight and your problem if
you go out one more time your problem
that's one of the times you'll get
struck by lightning so you might as well
go purchase at a kayo nothing better
than some rainfall Phoenix Suns room and
a newly uploaded rug vlog whoa slow down
with the ads there boy holy shit you
know what I think of this actually yeah
like I told you we did a bean boozled
challenge you have to swallow it
whoo so good luck with that guys have
fun man I'm so funny
and add in the middle of the vlog fuck
this man fuck you rug I just want to
watch the vlog in peace God sons verse
Hornets Suns going for their 10th
straight lost did you hear me
Suns going for their 10th 5 and 5 equals
10 10 straight loss whoo Wow I don't
don't listen don't ask me why I'm
watching the game because I honestly
have no answer but I love my sons so
game time time to watch the game guys
it's been like a month or two since I've
seen the Suns this happy it's not not
just that they're up by 12 but they just
look so much happier playing with each
other
and the bench looks way into the game
it's beautiful to see it just sucks that
we already blew the season away already
okay guys one-point game
start of the fourth quarter Suns are up
who make it a three-point game to let it
was 85 80 to let it be just scored eight
straight points for us two threes and
that
let me tell you guys really quick so on
I know a bunch of Suns fans that I talk
to every single day and just a bunch of
fans in general that want the Suns to
lose now because let's face it the
season's over they're not making the
playoffs
grand a night for two let's face it
they're not making the playoffs so the
best you can do is hope for a high pick
you get a high pick by losing a bunch of
games and I'm not gonna lie even after
the Sun lose sometimes I'm just like
okay time to tank I want the Sun to lose
every game but then I watch and there's
just there's no way I can rule for the
Suns to lose even though like it's
better it's honestly it's better to lose
games then just Mirza honestly it's
better to lose a ton of games and be a
middling team but I just can't
yes thirty no run Brandon and I just hit
a three I still hate you tonight but
thanks for hitting that three who he
looks mad yeah I just can't rule for my
team to lose like a bunch of fans call
me crazy they say no I need the Sun
salut so they can get a top pick I can't
do it I can't purposely want my team to
lose there's no way Suns are up nine
with six and a half left in the fourth
quick little update 98 to 106 three
minutes left so although this lead is
not safe it does look like the Phoenix
Suns are picking up their first win
after a nine game losing streak one play
for you guys
Tucker with the ball on the wing gives
it out to Mirza to Booker Booker to
tucker tucker's in the post
six-foot-five I don't know who he thinks
he is backing down Cody Zeller goes up
with it misses motherfuck can't cuss
anymore and Kemba scores on the other
end so Suns up six with two and a half
minutes
let me check when the last son's victory
was the last time the Phoenix Suns won a
game it was last year in 2015
you get the exact date on this random
night turns it over what's new New Year
same hen was Wow December 18th
it's January 6 so holy crap it's been 19
days ever since the Phoenix Suns want a
game so they're upsets with two and half
minutes my dad is watching my vlog on
the big-screen TV
Bosley you like my vlog
I'll do lights watching himself quick
random fact I've played basketball at
least once a day I say at least once
because half need a half these days I
played in the morning and went back to
play a knife every day for the past nine
days and I'm talking hours like three to
five hours a day and my body Loki feels
good but uh and I'm talking all these
days throwing a workout to throw no 1
hour workout to so I'm surprised my body
feels this good
I have no rest day planned any time soon
but Hornets ball down 6 to 10 left
fucking Marvin Williams scores Sun's up
for 156 left
I don't like Brandon Knight I do not
like Brandon night's game TJ Warren
how's that on a foul new year st.
breaths
yes Kemba Walker misses and he got his
own rebound he got his own fucking
rebound yes he missed his next shot Suns
get the board yes Kemba Walker missed
two shots in a row score the ball
come on Brandon Knight dribbles Knight
to the hoop to Tucker for three game
bucking over dad all smiles guys this is
the happiest I've seen the Suns in
literally at least a month
Taha Charlotte fan kick out Tucker
three money so are you happy finally the
first small from a Suns game in nineteen
date who fan say that again still my my
moms are bigger than mine she's never
worked a day in her life no but um
how do I work picking up your mess true
and that's a heart picking up my message
a harder workout than me lifting weights
goddess look Devin Booker and TJ Warren
are literally the future Devin Booker
was seventeen off the bench and ten
rebounds his first career double-double
TJ Warren was seventeen off the bench
also that's 34 points combined for those
two off the bench
each was 17 mom these two right here
Booker and TJ Warren well they're
Booker's are 19 he just turned 19 and TJ
one just turned 22 and they're scoring
they're so good the sons TJ Warren and
Devin Booker are the future and I guess
the future is now 17 a piece off the
bench guys so last Phoenix Suns practice
I read that it was cut short and coach
hornacek took the team bowling he took
the team ball and he said team chemistry
was low and he just had to like find
something to bring this team together it
looked like the players didn't even want
to play for each other anymore
they went bowling they win their first
game in 19 days so wherever the petition
is to end Phoenix Suns practices and
just send them to a bowling alley every
single practice I'm up for a sign my
name robotics I approve
you already know
look how was it's not a foul if you're
wondering how I knew what was gonna
happen it's because I'm reaching the
game this is my second time watching it
um I recorded it so why not
I'm about to edit my vlog for you guys
Booker boom guys I memorize everything
that's going to happen during the game
watch the suns miss right here look
Hornets are going to get the ball back
watch Miss and then Kimball walkers in a
score watch now that I've watched the
Suns game twice time to watch some NBA
TV so i can see highlights from all
around the league
the rain is back I don't know if you
could see you probably can't but don't
ask your wife just caught up got myself
snacks at 4:30 a.m. in the middle of my
sweet I literally woke up to use the
bathroom I went pee and in my head I'm
like shit I'm starving
so I got me chips nme water those
cookies and Lauren wanted one so just
fucking go to sleep won't happen even
opens I haven't even opened the cookies
so try to see if there's your crunchy
this marks I've decided to eat the
cookies too right what I'm hungry
okay I eat it on one pie so doesn't
crumb both Lawrence why the fuck are you
in my house do you want to cook it all
before I do go back to sleep
chips now time to go back to sleep
look who decided to show Bosley you
didn't notice him working game look look
at this guy's he walks in wipes all of
his eye boogers on Lawrence's blanket
look at this let's just leave both guys
I have a haircut appointment today
oh I told him 1:30 Jesus so Bosley came
in woke up Lawrence in the most
disrespectful way and now he's sad
because Lawrence left editing my vlog
right now as you see it's 951 951
Thursday I got my haircut appointment
1:30 so I'm going to go to the gym at
11:00 play basketball till 1:00 and try
to get a quick 30-minute workout in
maybe abs maybe traps I own
out 30 minutes possibly so sad that
Lawrence is leaving Bosley we'll go see
Lawrence you want to go down Paul you
are buying he thought Lawrence was in
here Bosley he's sleeping
oh you want him to wake up guys look I
have my double socks on and I was about
to finish editing and then leave to the
gym and Lawrence fucking guilt-tripped
me like hey Bosley mr. frog warns
guilt-tripping me he's like yeah I don't
sleep here that often anymore and I
don't have work today so do you want to
go get food and I was like luhan's I
don't have time I have to go play some
lunchtime basketball I've played so much
basketball recently I loved it you're
gonna blog me you Russian TV tonight
okay then I'm not going anymore that's
all right that's good guys I'm gonna
huge rush to make it to go play
basketball I have 30 min I'm even left
my house I have 30 minutes to get to the
place II and leave 30 minutes half-hour
pause and wait are you going he has it
shoes off father did you get your shoes
and their keys because I'm not driving
you you can come with me boss bye Bosley
okay so I just finished eating a burrito
just on time exactly eleven o'clock is
it now wrong Lawrence is right there as
maximize about a pull out the first
light
oh he just did pull out
I mean I'm hoping he pulls out but um
yeah now I'm gonna go to the gym ready
at least it looks like there's no
rainfall
