all right guys so I'm gonna just put an
end to the confusion before it even
starts the beginning of this vlog starts
with me and Jackie talking about bean
boozled talking about jelly beans about
how gross it was yes we did a bean
boozled challenge but I haven't edited
that yet so that's gonna go up once I
added it but there is a challenge that's
going up bean boozled with me and Jackie
nasty jelly bean challenge if you don't
know what that is and this vlog was
recorded after that so in case any of
you guys are confused aftermath of the
bean boozled challenge my bread smoother
I brushed two times clean my tongue and
I'm eating the mint it still smells like
shit
there's the rug rat back from the
dentist how many cavities like 79 well I
have four times I only did one today and
then they put a crown holy shit I had a
tooth here in like five oh my god and
they said it's you know they said it's
stuck in the done right there and it
didn't come out and then that could
surgically remove and then put up a few
okay so rugs like 85 years old in the
mouse mom how was my breath after the
challenge mom I brushed twice I use the
tongue clean everything
it's a commercial for clean and clear
nothing to me
to match it mm-hmm acne control boys ha
how was my breath after the thing
training look I think about parsley
yeah you can tell he likes it so much
he's shitting himself Bosley fine turn
look at me
I'm literally I clean my mouth so much
it still tastes so bad because you know
how I get when I'm like I get really a
chew and I'm an uncomfortable situation
that's about it yeah we're honestly I'm
never doing bean boozled challenge again
ever
what are you doing really caught do you
want some rug apparel we're waiting for
water are you gonna buy bro or disappear
oh boy the door is right there and the
windows right there feel free to jump
all right don't worry I could open it
from right there are you okay with if
she wears a rug shirt then I'm not
dating her anymore I'm serious I'm not
going there anymore
so just because Jackie was in my blogs
for like two days okay
no it's so much I've understood that we
broke up yeah she she wasn't Brian don't
get in here that that don't come in here
with that hey babe so what do you have
to say me and you broke up because you
weren't in my blogs for it for a week
Brian what's up I can't be in the middle
of you guys Brian guys you know what
Steve do you know what CB is not
cornerback Brian do you know what that
is
cock block oh yeah joking look at the
foot on our God look what I made in
ceramics my best project
guys had she been nice to me one time
this vlog fuck well here's the end of
the vlog well I no wonder you hate this
English I literally have a double chin
guys dad no son same today I'm so happy
she's probably so happy okay so brushing
two times cleaning my tongue with this
tongue cleaner and eating a cough drop
mint so wasn't enough because she's
literally forcing me to do mouthwash or
else I can't kiss her shop I mean
try to blame me okay who has a bigger
butt Brian oh my God look how flat
Brian's drugged up from the dentist
friend-zoned
it's literally rug Jackie where's rugs
jackets 2016 new year new her skiing
he's really about to fall off the couch
pawsley what do you think it says my mom
my mom Jess
my mom just asked us my shirt says PU
ssy my mom this is literally you what
vowel yeah I like tell me what which one
you wanted fuck Kylie Jenner fuck Kylie
Jenner you know not literally she's ugly
she's so ugly you can't say she's under
so ugly
have you seen huh she's oh I could hate
her for being fake but no I don't hate
why she fake I never said she's fake I
don't hate her for being famous and she
just what she I why she fainted she is
just not my type either
even if she put up
no she definitely puts out she's a tiger
yeah but I wouldn't give it not that out
anyways rug why do you have sex here
Brian you're literally the demon from
that
I swear my god rug is so fake what New
Year's a little show us start going to
the gym new year new him it's January
fade people people are asking if you
still think McDonald's is healthy people
math math that's fucking funny
I see the Lakers play the Warriors
probably the worst game of the year do
it do this Oh what did he teach you the
only reason we're watching the Warriors
and Lakers game is so that she could see
Steph Curry I've gone over it now you
could love Steph Curry all you want he's
not with you every night yeah do you
love math curry more yeah they saw math
curry she's your number one fan meth
guys draymond Green has three
triple-doubles in a row babe only 15
players in NBA history had done that
draymond Green how much about that well
have you learned ever since being with
me guys you know what she would tell me
before we started dating she would say I
don't even watch basketball I'd rather
watch football we're never watching
basketball and now look NBA in chill
guys you want to see here again man
I told you we're on this level
look this games already gonna be a
blowout guys if you wanna keep your keep
your little happy fire food all the time
Tiger salad though cuz you can't let her
get back
and keep it classy my go-to El Pollo
Loco in McDonald's down there
look at this ask me why I'm giving her
the receipt okay pretend that you guys
asked she make me give her the receipt
because she only left me thank you
Sheldon let me buy her food if she kept
the receipt and paid me back exactly how
much the food was I want you to be my
ability
what if you're wondering why we're at
Panda Express after we just going to
hell play Loco
because I wanted Panda I wanted panda
but she likes panda so I said that we're
both getting Panda she didn't all go in
the Panda I didn't tell her until after
she already got her food and now she's
keeping the receipt to this stop
sticking your tongue out yeah hey when
she sticks her tongue out unless it's
for me but yeah she kept the receipt to
that to tell me that's not the most
annoying thing ever but I'm only they're
gonna be like okay we get it you're not
a gold-digger stop guys she only does
this on camera she's not really paying
me for that doll Bryan you know the show
dog with a blog dog with a vlog Bosley
Bosley's dog with a vlog from Disney
Channel it's not even 10:00 p.m.
Simon 10 new year a new year new me if
you want to see something funny about
this so I made this in ceramics orange
and purple for the Suns but look why
it's so sacred take the picture out does
anyone know who's autograph that is this
man right here autographed by him I took
it to a stones and Clippers game when he
was a member of the sons and I got
autographs after I made it in ceramics
guys look at this vine that someone made
of Bosley play it with volume i
retweeted it it's titled Bosley meets a
fan run right when you look at beginning
guys I didn't mention anything about
this last vlog but a bunch of people
notice so already logo new logo if you
guys haven't noticed just take a look at
my youtube profile picture somebody made
me that logo and I think it looks nice
people were saying it's kind of plain
people some people were hating on it but
a bunch of people said they loved it cuz
in case you guys didn't know I want to
start making apparel and that would be
one of the logos that would be on the
shirts on the hoodie so I want to get
you guys its feedback just some look at
my look at my profile pictures the be a
thing it's orange and purple with a
black outline I like it I want to hear
feedback from you guys because obviously
you guys are gonna be the ones staying
at it you guys are gonna be the ones
possibly purchasing apparel um but I
mean I like I want to know what you guys
think
a little too late to be brushing now the
cavities already hit you does it hurt to
brush now no possiblys dead well never
mind I guess he's just sleeping
fucking love
angry grandpa swear i watch it and laugh
by myself I can watch it for hours
history look at this
it's all anger grandpa guys the tragic
news that I mentioned in my last vlog
I'm going on day 8 of no haircut right
now Wednesday January 6 day 8 without
getting cut it's crazy and it's about to
be 9 days my barber doesn't return till
Thursday
it's feeling under the weather so get
well soon Tony I need you I need this
cut it's like yeah it's midnight right
now I'm bout to end the vlog right now
so I can start editing and have it
uploaded by tomorrow I was about to go
to McDonald's I swear or like Carl's jr.
or something and then it started pouring
rain it's been pouring all day I think
at one point it was like 39 40 degrees
and it's just been pouring in mic I mean
it says a lot for sunny San Diego we're
finally getting some rain but it's too
much it's like some areas were flooded
like people were sending snapchats of
their streets literally flooded like
their their recyclables and everything
like flying down the flowing down the
streets it's been crazy but uh so I'm
just gonna stay inside because it
Western bacon cheeseburger is not worth
fuckin going out in
well got one midnight snack shit
midnight snack
my mom made then I got tortilla chips so
I can dip and then I got these chips
that I can eat by themselves a little
healthy snack before I go to bed guys
I'm such a lazy bag I got while laying
down under the covers chick bag of chips
open guac and the other chips right here
mom when you're watching this I didn't
know you're gonna kill me sorry for
eating on the bed hopefully you don't
watch my vlogs all the way through but
if you do I'm sorry and I promise I
won't make any crumbs guys you know how
I said a little healthy snack before I
sleep uh buy healthy I meant that I'm
probably gonna die in my sleep
because this is not healthy at all so
this might be my very last vlog rug if
you come across this video please finish
editing my blog and upload it for me
title it bruh Wat is death from from
welcome Olie chips and ginger ale soda
at 1 a.m. right before bed please and
thank you
the dojo is raining and Sue the rain
stop but it's still like gloomy outside
but it was raining so hard last night
right Bob Lee Bob's a so scared of the
rain now Kim is upstairs in charge oh
yeah I'm ending the vlog here because on
my double socks my basketball shoes I'm
about to go to the gym play some bass
song workout Brian you know it's a
miracle I'm alive right now
I've been said in my vlog
if I died you have to take over my
channel cuz literally two seconds before
I slept I had chips guacamole soda like
mom it's borderline a miracle that I'm
still alive right now from all the
snacks I had him and then went to sleep
I thought I was never gonna wake up
right I love my winter break I saw two
more weeks I literally wake up every
single day throw my double socks on put
my shoes on go to gym play like two
hours of basketball workout after no
worries no nothing but in two more weeks
back to school
