guys we got a fan visiting all the way
from Virginia while he's on vacation
here to San Diego from Virginia name is
Bryce Bryce say what's up there's the
best day of his life he got that sweater
from rug and he's also in my vlog if you
wanna say hi she got the worst of the
prank 9 him from ride who does Roy think
he is signing autographs and do you want
to say anything to the blog Brides all
the way from Virginia Bosley trying to
scare him away
Bosley it stopped
okay so how did this happen so so my dad
okay dad is that true okay okay
my dad's a tough sell oh yeah so my
dad's our promoter I guess he doesn't
just worry
oh yeah well I don't know if that was a
good thing cuz now my team lost nine
games in a row so his fault first of all
thank you for the paint but that look oh
shit okay I don't want to have the same
exact blog as Brian so you go with this
yes
that's my dad's liquor sale lady for his
market and he was showing her our videos
and the son wanted to do online gaming
so she showed him the video then he's
like wait that's phase rodwell-ball so
all this guy's head up he's not with rug
enjoying having the best time of his
life his name is Bryce shout-out Bryce
all the way from Virginia this is
honestly crazy that fans actually look
up mostly to my brother but also to me
it's actually crazy guys let me get this
show you really quick
no this isn't a dream yeah this isn't a
dream but it's low-key a miracle I maxed
out I should actually hurt but actually
a miracle I'm drinking a protein shake
for the first time in a month let me
tell you I went to the gym at eleven in
the morning
played basketball till 1:30 that's
already two and a half hours of ball I
lifted my chest and triceps for an hour
and a half so that's four hours at the
gym play ball work
had to join your protein shake if I did
all that without doing a protein shake
that's like a waste of a gym day job
fuck I hate protein shakes so much but
um oh yeah so that's a 4-hour gym day
we're gonna make it an eight-hour gym
day let me tell you why it's 4 p.m.
right now at 6 p.m. I'm going back with
a bunch of my friends and we're gonna
play basketball
damn near til the gym closes we're gonna
so I already balled up for a little too
2 and a half hours and then I lifted now
that I got my workout out the way I'm
not in school right now we're on winter
break our semester is over I'm waiting
two more weeks on my next semester
starts go back there's no son's game I'm
gonna go back and play some more
basketball so we're turning this Monday
into an eight-hour gym day that's crazy
as that sounds be back at the gym in an
hour and a half that's what happens when
you're only 20 years old your legs still
have strength and I'm gonna make the
most of it before I get too old
what's it one more sip for Bryce all the
way from Virginia even though he's not
even here it probably doesn't even care
about Who I am okay can old Ron yeah
soon for me
you guys look good right now that time
record Osley did you see Bryce I know my
and I thought it was just gonna be
orange and purple like just plain I
didn't even know about like the design
that he put in it
the mastermind yeah yeah I loved it so
much I still do I know I don't think I
left my room for like two weeks
yeah so you didn't enjoy the Lakers
meeting the sun's last night you
shouldn't feel sorry for them they still
get paid 22 to 43 who's cook and Laker
goalie be sporty what 22 points in the
first would I have fun you're beating
the sun's you're 22 points in the first
half
that's the worst impact on history even
put me 1 verse 5 against the Lakers out
for a beer
yeah Nick you got the Clarkson post-rock
outside I was so fed up with I'm ha made
a new friend you made a new friend
yeah and a new jacket for the first time
in years dad okay my mom got a new
jacket it's time for you to get new
clothes no it's not that's not good
enough
where's Bosley Bosley did you make a new
friend did they leave
you have to eat pizza with ranch if you
don't eat P so the ranch I don't respect
you as a person
dad you EP so the ranch no mom do you
okay oh my god these are the best chips
ever sweet Maui onion but my mom likes
to play around and mix the original with
the sweet Maui onion so I don't know
which one I'm grabbing which one is that
yeah I don't like the original guys I
can't believe this Mike McCoy coming
back to San Diego to coach thought this
is north turner 2.0 member north state
like at least 3 years longer than he
should have Mike McCoy was good as gone
and they kept in there trying to blame
the whole season on injuries they're
trying to say all their losses were due
to injury well maybe now this means
they're staying in San Diego who knows
save our bolts Bosley what do you think
yeah Mike McCoy staying another year
what do you think huh so you already
know my thoughts on the Sun season
they're the worst team in the NBA right
now I don't care about record why no way
dad hold on this is your second you have
a seat you know my thoughts
I hate Markieff van and night is nothing
without Bledsoe on the Sun suck they're
probably gonna win 20 games total the
whole year which is nothing I expected
but let's get the input and be expert
Ron okay so what do you think of the
Suns okay usually I'd be arguing back
but whatever he's saying is right so
they're trapped Kay
don't put your whole belong in the songs
I recommend to pick another team that's
the funniest thing I've ever heard in my
life first of all okay what are your
thoughts on Brandon Knight yeah trash
okay what about the head coach I know
you're not a big fan of Jeff hornacek
okay so there you have it yeah ah my
son's nine game losing streak I don't
know if I've ever watched a son's team
this bad and that's saying a lot because
I sat through and watched every single
game of their twenty five win 57 lost
season three years ago I watched every
game of that year so for me to say I've
never seen a son seen that this bad is
saying the law trust me
are you Babbitt sons that means what
does that mean in English what does it
mean yeah my family sees how much stress
they've caused me and honestly it's too
much sons your biggest fan right here
possibly the fan who cares about a team
most in the whole world so let me tell
you what my thoughts on they saw without
the gym earlier this morning like I said
playing basketball working out and the
gym was packed it was fucking busy and I
know exactly why okay January 4th
everybody in the world and their mom and
their dad and their grandparents New
Year's resolution I'm gonna start
working out I'm gonna start losing
weight so every motherfucker go forgot
my dad told me not to custom our videos
so everybody in the world goes to the
gym first week of January pack as shit
packed as crap and literally like every
machine you gotta ask are you done with
that how many more sets all this
basketball court filled okay second week
of January same thing third week
okay kinda die sound but this time it's
the first week of February every
personal world gave up on their New
Year's resolution and the gym is back to
normal but first month of June first
month of the year which is January is
the worst time to work out the worst
time to truck like hey but credit some
you got some of you guys make it your
new year's resolution stick to it and
then it becomes a lifestyle but 99.9999%
of you guys who say to new resolution
its packed the gym is packed the first
week of January second week it's the
worst time to go and anyway that's
besides the fact that was just a little
bit rant of mine the gym is fucking
packed right now because every
motherfucker and his mom and his dad in
the world New Year's resolution looks
I'm gonna start working out
let me start going to the gym I'm gonna
lose weight I can't wait till the second
week of January when everybody gives up
on their New Year's resolutions stop
showing up to the gym and then it's back
to being empty again but like I said I'm
going back right now to go play
basketball with my friends
I already got my workout out the way
it's literally I came and explained the
feeling it's amazing when you got your
workout out of the way and you can just
go play ball without having to worry
about oh I need to lift after this or
haven't got my workout in so on throw on
my double socks then I'll go get my
shoes let me let me get this straight I
am human
so don't think I go to the gym for six
seven eight hours and not feel sore
after tomorrow I'm gonna be feeling this
shit bad but then again tomorrow I'll be
back there for another four or five
hours so I don't know well I love it I
don't love working out I do that cuz I
have to but I do look oh fuck basketball
I don't love wearing double socks
because that shit it's so annoying to
put on shout out Bryce
once again from Virginia came here for a
rug probably didn't know who the hell I
was but shoutout for acting like I knew
who I was
appreciate it fuck
I hit my toe on this fucking thing
yeah comment if you've ever played
basketball for six and a half hours in a
day cuz I'm about to Joe
fuck I'm about to do that go play
basketball for four more hours on top of
already playing for two and a half hours
okay it's just time to go to the gym
that's all I'm gonna say oh I got two
things to say everybody comments saying
you should bring your camera to the gym
and record yourself playing pickup games
as much as I'd love to do that I just
feel that the concept of going to a
local gym and recording pickup games
with like this HD camera it's just kind
of weird like I feel like I don't know
don't you guys think like because our
people have been playing with for years
like I don't know and just feel that the
concept of having this camera on a stand
while I'm running pickup it's just kind
of like weird I don't know maybe I'll do
it in the future cuz I'd love to do that
I love editing it I love watching myself
play and I love getting feedback from
you guys but just right now like you
guys got agreed kind of weird another
thing I want to address so Jackie's been
missing from my vlogs for a while now
and like everyone comments or are you
guys still together yes
that's still my babe that's my
girlfriend she's been working a bunch
because it's holiday season and she's
also not really that big
like on Oh bring your camera everywhere
we go like she's not really that big on
that but yeah yes we're still together
just because she hasn't been in my vlogs
for a few days does not mean we broke up
but time to go to the gym and hopefully
Brandon Knight is there so I can show
him how a real guard plays basketball
what is the world come to 2016 and nuns
are fighting the ban on marijuana they
were just showing the nuns watering
their seed 2016 in the world world has
officially come down to this oh my mom
loves this topic let me go see what she
has to say about this so on the news
they're showing that nuns are growing
marijuana and they're fighting a ban
against
mom I literally just showed it on TV it
they showed it on TV I record they're
just they don't like the ban on
marijuana so they're how do you know
okay you act like I'm growing the
marijuana why are you getting mad at me
if it's for pain and stuff okay enjoy
don't you do that guys once the camera
turns off I'm getting slapped in the
face so I'm never turning it off go guys
so I told you how my mom likes playing
games and mixing the grossest original
chips with the with the yummy sweet
onion ones and I swear everyone I get is
literally original watching
original that's not a bad idea my mom is
actually smarter maybe I should just
grab from the bag and I heard Bosley
bark Bosley why'd you bark one do you
finish editing your video yes
can watch the soda challenge guys what
was I just talking about busiest time of
the year for fitness and weight loss
that I was just telling them what
happened at LA Fitness this morning
fake fake taking my machines for your
new year's resolution I know that's what
I said wait till the beginning of
February the gym is empty again bubbly
I put you in every vlog and asked you a
question and you've never answered me
disrespectful fuzzy and rug are still
beefing
you're watching the Warriors game Bosley
don't want to go down by my dad come on
no yeah you wanna go down let's go now
I'm not coming down with you I have to
take a shower go down by yourself go I'm
telling you guys this dog is weird
Bosley I'm not gonna go down I have to
shower you have to go downstairs by
yourself come on he's literally just
watching you do the laundry oh you want
to go for a walk go down go
oh yeah Bobby wants to go for a walk go
Bosley go holy shit
Oklahoma and Kansas number two ranked
first number-one ranked team triple
overtime one-point game with 8 seconds
left
dad the top put ESPN the top two ranked
teams in college basketball triple
overtime one-point game with a second
New Year same me still eating burritos
at 11 p.m. but all his food on the table
I still go buy myself a burrito 2016 and
I'm still addicted to carne asada
burrito did UK and then now it's boy
what did you get from ending now oh go
to Indian Alan doesn't get fries hmm she
said good night Rob wait mom I was gonna
tell you when I got my burrito but I
started speaking Spanish to me if I
literally had one dollar for every time
not just then for every time somebody
spoke Spanish to me just assuming I was
Hispanic I swear I'd be a billionaire
I'm in a millionaire in just a
billionaire everyone just assumes I'm
EXCI no locals tell us and I'm just like
uh good and they're like oh shit I mean
oh shoot sigh one a.m. and I'm up
reading depressing Phoenix Suns articles
man I don't even know what happened this
season honestly this picture describes
our season look at this man I don't even
know guys here are some gifs that are a
summary of the Phoenix Suns season look
at this log from Archie Goodwin to Tyson
Chandler look at this
so the blame is on on Archie Goodwin
right how about this a beautiful lob and
the 7-foot one Tyson Chandler breaks it
off the rim and then look at this meme
that a Suns fan posted I want to die yes
there are some Suns fans in the same
ball as me who just can't take this
season anymore guys I don't know if you
could see 1040 1040 a.m. so about I
don't know like 12 13 hours after I came
back from the gym last night and guess
where I'm going
strapping up the basketball shoes and
headed to the gym right now what's it
called oh yeah I texted my barber cuz I
hadn't I was supposed to get cut today
you know I got cut last week my barber
texted me back saying I'm sick and I'll
be back on Thursday so today's Tuesday
and I supposed to get cut you can't come
in today and he's not coming in tomorrow
so uh Tony feel better stay up but I
really needed this cut so I just text
him back I was like it's okay feel
better I'll see you on Thursday so I'm
being full hibernation mode just like
this dude right here
until Thursday when I can get cut
when I got that text back I wasn't
depressed but anyway it's time to go
play some basketball and workout at the
gym
