what is up you guys Brannon here aka
bruh wadis and today I want to tell you
guys what might be the funniest story
I've ever told well funny right now
funny when you look back on it now but
not funny when it happened um I'm gonna
tell you guys a story about the first
time I ever got pulled over by a cop the
first time I got a ticket um and just
the dumbest way you could possibly go
about it so uh before you hear the story
I just want you to know that I had never
been pulled over I had never gotten a
speeding ticket and I had never been in
a car with somebody who had gone pulled
over before so like I had no idea what
to do although some of these things were
common sense just know that this had
never happened to me previously so
everything was kind of new to me um so
let me just start it off and I used to
have the ticket I can't find it and I
was looking for it so bad I just can't
find the ticket but uh so let me go
ahead and start so I'm driving on the
freeway and I was in my Lexus you know
f-sport f-sport
which means it goes pretty fast okay and
I was kind of speeding I'm not gonna lie
I was going a little too fast and I
guess there was a car or a cop on the
side with his meter like I didn't see
him because you know they hide in the
weirdest places so that cars don't see
them that was under like this bridge
with like it's on the side of the
freeway where nobody could see and you
know I'm driving past and I zoom past
the cop and I didn't even see him and
then I see a and I'm blasting music -
you know it's like the greatest day of
my life I'm just cruising down the
freeway with music blasting I still
remember I think the song was a cutter
off by Kay camp it was actually the
remix with Kay camp and two chains even
better but uh so like I see I don't even
see the cop and then I see lights turn
on you know the sirens and in my head I
automatically thought it was me but then
at the same time I was like okay look
how many cars are around me please don't
let it be me
please don't let it be me
okay he keeps following me keeps getting
behind my car and I'm like oh shit it's
me here's a dumb thing not to do when
you get pulled over number one you don't
go to the left okay uh I've turned my
left signal on and I switched one lane
to the left and the cop switches behind
me and he starts turning his right
signal on and I was like I was confused
and I turned another lane to the left I
was about to pull over on the left side
and he turns it's ricing on again he
didn't even follow me this time he keeps
turning his right signal and I'm like oh
shit I'm supposed to go to the right so
this call probably automatically thought
I was a dumbass and uh so I went to the
right I switched all the way back to the
right and I stopped so that's a step
number one that you don't do you do not
go to the left when you get pulled over
which is something I did so the cop this
already a bad image on myself and so I
go to the right he gets out of his car
you know he walks up to my window and I
don't know why while he was walking up I
took my seatbelt off
that's dumb thing number two you don't
do when you get pulled over if you're
wearing your seatbelt you leave your
seatbelt on
obviously I guess I was just nervous or
whatever so uh take my seatbelt off and
luckily he didn't say anything about
that but I didn't notice it till he left
I was like oh shit why did I take my
seatbelt off so he walks up to my car
and he says do you have any idea how
fast you were going and I said no in my
head I said yes bitch obviously I'm the
one driving the car I know how fast I
was going I said no he looked at me said
you were going over 80 miles per hour
and my dumb ass shout-out to my friend
boss it the biggest liar in the world
who told me that he got away with
tickets by questioning the cop this is
dumb thing number three you don't do
when you get pulled over but it might as
well be written in the Bible that you
don't do this I looked the cop in the
eye okay maybe the dumbest thing I've
done in my life and I said well officer
do you have proof that I'm going over 80
because I think I was going 65 he
fucking looked back at me
look straight back at me he said listen
here I got two
proof I got the meter in the car and I
got my visual eye and I said oh okay
sorry so first of all you never question
a cop okay
that's that's number one second you
don't do it with attitude I don't know
who the hell I thought I was and I blame
boss it because I swear just a few weeks
before this happened mind you this was
like two days before my 19th birthday to
make things worse he told me yeah I got
away uh like he just told me this
fucking story that he gave a cop
attitude and he was questioning him and
he got away with getting a ticket so I
told the cop I said do you have proof I
was going 80 cuz I was only 65 and he
fucking got mad cuz I guess he really
had proof so uh he had the meter in the
car so that that along with not going on
the right going to the left that first
already gave me a really bad image and
so I was like oh was I speeding like I
didn't know I tried to change my
attitude but he already like you already
screwed up then so uh then you know I'm
not I'm not trying to brag but I do have
a nice car it's like a Lexus is250 2015
export he legit thought I stole the car
he was like oh so uh how'd you get this
car like that and I said like oh well
it's just a lease like all this he asks
for registration and like he like he
legit he was talking to me like I stole
the car and I was like no this is my car
bah bah bah okay so uh he goes back to
his car to write me the ticket and in my
head the whole time I'm just like why
did I give him attitude like why did I
do that and I was like just so mad and
everything and then I realized that I
had my school textbook in the front in
the front pasture you see I was not
coming back from school but I had my
school textbook in the front so he came
back to the car the first thing he says
you know I'm expecting him to say like
okay here's your ticket go or I'm
expecting to say oh I'm gonna let you go
this time you know what he says he says
oh you realized that your windows are
also tinted and I said so rather than
him either giving me the ticket or maybe
let him go the morning he stalks me for
another thing
another citation saying all your windows
are tinted like that's not legal in
California your front windows in my head
I'm just like how the hell did he see
that my window is down but I guess he
saw the other one and I told him I was
like look officer like I'm just like
going to class right now and I really
don't want to be late I have my textbook
right here like is there any way I can
be like go with a warning and he like he
like looks at me he kind of thinks about
it and in my head I'm like oh shit like
I might be like oh the warning he says I
guess this is a nice nice thing to do he
said that he'll let me go from my window
tint he said he won't write me up for my
window tint but he has to give me the
speeding ticket and I'm in my head I'm
like so I was mostly thinking about how
am I gonna tell my parents because they
always like since I had that car they
would always tell me don't speed I don't
care if it's a sports car I don't care
how fast they go don't speed so I really
don't want to get in trouble with them
but yeah so he gave me the ticket for
speeding and then dumb thing number I
don't know what I'm up to right now like
10 million of not to do when you get
pulled over
you don't ask this day okay so as if the
cop didn't already think I was the
biggest dumb fuck on earth for
potentially stealing this car for trying
to go to the left lane for giving him
attitude for speeding in the first place
i legit said this so he said oh he says
okay have a good day go get to class
Donal speed okay and I legit asked him
this so I'm on the freeway okay we're
pulled over I said oh do you want me to
just merge into traffic or do you want
me to like drive a little and then merge
into traffic he said and I could feel
the anger in his voice he said if you
merge into traffic right away you're
gonna get here but all the incoming
traffic and we don't want that so you're
gonna drive up a little and then you're
gonna merge when it's safe and I looked
at him and I said oh sorry for asking
that and he said it's fine have a good
day I literally like I don't know what
the hell was wrong with me that day but
I really had the nerve to ask the cop
you want me to just merge into traffic
like or do you want me to drive a little
of heat he really looked at me and he
was so fucking mad he was like you can
get hit back
our emergency traffic and we don't want
that to happen so drive up a little I'm
just like okay okay okay
but um that would like if your first
time getting pulled over by a cop
anything you don't want to happen
literally happen to me like I I don't
know I don't know that was at least it's
a story I least into memory now but when
it happened I was just like holy shit I
just feel so dumb and I went to the gym
after I wanted to send the cop of
snapchat saying look cop I'm not even at
school bah bah but he didn't let me go
so would it make sense to do that
anyways um that's my story of getting
pulled over by a cop and getting my
first and only speeding ticket my only
time getting pulled over so far now it's
time to go play some basketball you know
right shoe untied left shoe tied ah the
Sun still sucked on a nine-game losing
streak they're fucking I don't care you
could say the 76ers are the worst team
in the league nope right here in my head
the Phoenix Suns are the worst team in
the NBA right now and you know I love
them so for me to say that you know it's
true Phoenix Suns right now suck ass
we're seeing in the NBA and you might as
well lose every single game and go for
Ben Simmons at this point honestly
anyways I hope you guys enjoy your day
bruh wadis I'm out
