I got this guy's okay guess what that is
Anthony you tell us what that is
shishun Bosley last night she in the
bathroom because we forgot to take him
out and I cleaned that up but I forgot
to clean this piece of an Anthony
stepped in it with no socks or shoes was
earlier today yeah it was at like 3:00
in the rocks sleeping
Nora sleeping Nora's actually looks dead
like a mummy but Kendall's yeah okay
close the door
mob vlogging camera coming down I
haven't vlogged in so long I've been too
busy where's the bad boy Bosley
Anthony stepped in your poop why did you
go poop in the bathroom mom Anthony
stepped in his poop no look at my mom's
sweater it was announced Missy cuz I
3:00 in the morning you want me to clean
your face ou want me to clean your face
he has a bunch of eye boogers see let's
see oh oh they're still there
come here Boston Bobby okay hey buzzy
would you remember to get white though
yeah guys Sons and Kings today 2 p.m. in
Sacramento if the Suns lose that's 8
losses in a row and they lost seven in a
row the suns this is my house this is a
definition of fuck boy at least doing
the grass so it can grow hey that little
yeah he literally went back for round 2
you dumbass
holy shit my car so messy look at all
this the bike and hurry up I'm leaving
alright guys so right now before we go
to open the window makes the noise of
the cars before we go to Vaughn's to get
my mom the white toast
I'm on my way to Starbucks are not to
get Jackie a drink
she works like an eight or nine hour
shift god bless yesterday it or not our
Justin I know she wants a coffee she
kept telling me not to get on furniture
thinks I'm going out of my way but I'm
going for her anyway so she doesn't even
know not to now on the line Saturday or
nah
anyway second stop okay so I'm gonna get
her a drink uh her work and Starbucks
are like right next to each other so
I'll just get it and drop it off and
then we're gonna go to Mom's socks and
standards the only way we do it cold
stone Japanese guys I used to work right
here Hagen well actually used to be
Albert since I worked there for almost a
year as a bagger and they closed it down
because it went bankrupt or something
holy shit that was the best day of my
life
raspberry come berry Oh YUM raspberry
coming
brides and that sack right okay
you chewed off without of it yeah look
at me hey coffee I never I never doing
good but I always have to test it out
see that Jackie just in case you ever
watched it one of his videos cuz you
doesn't puke my way
you
hey why are you so touchy shucks
you're like always like yeah okay so
step one is done
deliver the coffee that tasted good I
saw I'm gonna get me one next time but
why is it so focused on you look at
keeps trying to focus on you because I'm
so done focusing on fuck-boy camera sub
fuck you okay but yeah we're gonna go to
bones to get my mom the whitetail should
we get we on purpose no actually no cuz
I'm gonna be like eating it did
hey hey what's that yeah yeah no get the
Bud Light all right so oh hey miss Terri
Happy New Year babe okay bye tell mom I
said hi okay
it's so Brenda's ball wanted white bread
oh here it is
just remember I'll teach up a banner for
the value in the trap ah maybe I'll
oh that said angry grandpa this is for
Brandon's mom white bread
classic white
Oh
okay
Wildlife f1 what won't life
called his mind how that's crazy go
check out another guys we're doing it
think we're having a party I know
ah the bread is lonely who didn't the
cream pie ah darn it no we'll just get
that from another country yeah you YUM
all right Brendan needs this oh you need
it oh wait there's no way he'll turn
around
record the blog on my ass
whoo yaki will appreciate that one okay
we just bought a bunch of stuff for our
praying for the challenge
oh the challenge well maybe a prank so
gorgeous injustice I love Justin mine
hey ill Brenda always gets Ellen oh no
no no you already have one
he Brandon buys him and just eat some on
the way to the lake wherever we're going
he just eats him yeah you do you're a
liar he'll eat the bar but he goes young
he goes yes they got bars if any walk
would finish
now what the fuck did a poke I'm going
in going ah fucking bowling the man you
fed off all my nuts hey man what the
fuck a boat what the hell is is did a
boat crash in here look there's even
dirt right here
oh there's exit maybe I could sit nope
no way is there fucking what Anthony you
come on oh it's steel Oh Brendon how
dumb am i back like eight babies in the
future you mean all my babies yeah we
got the family here today we got
Jessica's mom right there
hey Raja
Marlene you've never been in my videos I
never really know this is my mom this is
there's my mom's best friend best friend
for 27 years 27 years that's me and
that's Lawrence it's me and Lawrence and
Bosley trying to get in the middle of
everything
Bosley he legit looks like a statue hold
on Bosley Bosley all me open the door
make sure you hit Bryan how's the
baseball yep
watching the Sun suck balls again about
to go for their eighth loss in a row I
swear I've had enough this team is
fucking garbage and I'm also editing my
video my challenge video that I made
with Anthony
wherever the hell Anthony is right there
Bosley
guys fuck NBA referees I hate NBA
referees this shit is so one-sided I
swear the most rigged sport in the whole
entire world fucking every single play
every single call goes the Kings way I'm
telling you guys every single call it's
it's literally bullshit oh my god
Tyson Chandler just got ejected for
literally talking to the ref you got
thrown out but cousins could damn near
slapped away from the face and stay in
the game my god
Annie the sons were just down by two the
Sun were down by two fucking points like
five minutes ago now they're down by 14
I'm fucking done with this game oh my
god yeah I'm not fucking watching this
anymore go Devin Booker I'm surprised I
didn't call offensive foul on that one
on the sun's go call soon you big pussy
shoot it Rondo he literally looks like a
alien okay yeah fuck this game the Suns
are ass I swear the suns are gonna lose
to the Lakers tomorrow watch hey Suns
great D you're about to give up over a
hundred the Suns are about to give up
close to a hundred fifty points to the
Sacramento Kings with no overtime how
stoked am I for that ya Bosley and yeah
I'm still using this blow dryer stop
buzz Lee
guys you want to know something so
fucking embarrassing 116 to 142 the most
embarrassing thing about this is that
the sun's had a lead in the third
quarter the sun's had a third quarter
lead and now they're down by 26 points
that's fuck if that doesn't tell you
something I don't know what will look at
the thing what I don't know what happens
whoa I'm joking wait what happened there
I can't something did you turn this on
mm-hmm
is he turning it on we come here that
thing oh yeah it's not even working
Bosley why are you watching my mom like
that
fugly so weird
buzzer let me see your hand no come on
come ago yeah he needs some was about
from you Bosley noise birthday nor help
okay just tell me how old you are and
I'll stop recording
she's 15 she just turned 15 exactly 16
years old
it's her it was her birthday 40 minutes
ago I forgot but I okay I would I
remember tomorrow you can't expect me to
remember 40 minutes into the new date
happy 6:00 sweet 16 for noir Bosley's
Loki dead pawsley pawsley okay guys
let's end the vlog right here but before
we end it let's see what's going on in
my house early Sunday morning on Nora's
birthday
hey buzzing
as I wonder how many people drive past
this road and say oh shit that Bosley
because you could see him
morning mom should I do a public prank
soon yeah okay guys you can see me from
here I'll end the vlog right here yeah I
was thinking about doing a prank and it
just like it came to me that instead of
doing a prank to my family or my friend
I swear I want to try doing a public
prank I just need to grow some balls and
once I do that I want to do a public
prank for you guys
Bosley would you want to watch that yeah
okay Oh Oh Bosley wants to wake some
people up but do you want to go in there
okay okay why
oh they're allergic to Bosley and Brian
is in a depressed mood right now
we're trying to see Benny before the
door like three huh
okay Bosley Bosley come here stop being
annoying
Bosley Bosley Nora yeah because I'm the
one shoving my body in the middle of you
and staff Bosley nobody no I know I said
happy birthday last night
