no get back get back get back to that
guys this makes perfect sense we lose to
the 76ers at home and then we're down to
two Cleveland with two minutes left in
the fourth without Eric Bledsoe without
and yes LeBron is playing he's right
there come on one stop no no no no no no
oh my god guys the sun's were down by
one with one minute left
Brendan Eich comes down hits a three and
they call offensive foul on Tyson
Chandler holy shit
I hate referees so much I fucking hate
em being referees oh my god so the Suns
are supposed to be up by two is 45
seconds now instead the ref was the
happiest guy in the world - blows
whistle and call offensive foul look at
that they waved it off it was supposed
to be 98 96 oh my god look he's what
Shumpert is holding Chandler dad
Shumpert is holding Chandler tape well
oh my god this is the most son's thing
ever you lose to the Sixers at home and
then you literally compete with the Cavs
don't LeBron get the ball a little bro
oh my god
don't let LeBron get the body liberal Oh
there's no way right there is no way
that just happened literally you might
as well take my fucking arm rip it out
my chest
Wow do I have to explain you guys saw
that I don't even have to explain how
wrong that possibly went for the Sun
that last play and how perfectly lucky
and went for Cleveland Wow
that's all I have to say Wow coming off
Iman Shumpert
baiting the rest into conga offense it
felt to wave off the night three in let
me just tell you guys one more time that
on the play one Brandon I hit a three
and Shumpert grabbed Chandler they call
the office and foul all offensive foul
I've never seen a ref so happy to blow
the whistle million times wave his hand
and call it an offensive foul fuck you
refs
guys oh yeah people are gonna be saying
oh I thought you said that you were
never gonna watch another stuns game
after they lost that Sixers are you
kidding me guys do you know who I am you
know I had to watch um
I mean what more like wait didn't like
we lose to the Bucs at home we loose a
nugget at home we lose to the Sixers at
home that's three in a row and then you
have Cleveland coming in you know
blowout loss like right no we keep it
close we're in the game all this and
then we lose it at the end on that
fucking Kyrie Irving three honor my mom
was just time you show us aegyo it's
okay the players feel worse than you I
said no they don't I feel bad and then I
go to sleep they feel bad and then they
go home 250 million dollars laying
around in their house guaranteed money
in a five storey house Domino I'm done
for Phoenix a 15 minute shower later and
I'm still not over the Phoenix Suns loss
a ten-second blow-dry sesh and I'm still
not over the Phoenix Suns lost a hair
combing and I'm still not over that Suns
loss yeah
plucking the little hairs of my unibrow
later and I'm still not over the Suns
lost mom come here please
no like I showed you that last one just
tell them what you think I think that
was ridiculous and I don't like Brandon
I get mad when you say that word but now
I don't even put it up a bike point one
I think I was speechless I don't think I
said yeah that's good just be speechless
is a lot better than yeah I say bye guys
look here cut money only I have 120
saved in my car cuz I'll buy haircut
appointment tomorrow at 1:00 he's not
good enough for two more sessions guys I
know that reaction was from a couple of
days ago I did not record a reaction to
son Jasper's which was their worst loss
in three and a half years they lost by
33 points to the Spurs last night and I
think that's just a preview of what this
season is gonna look like without Eric
Bledsoe if you guys in here he's out for
the whole year out for the rest of the
season with a torn meniscus in his knee
I don't even want to talk about it cuz I
saw him cry my eyes out but um thank you
guys for your condolences I got a bunch
of Twitter tweets I got a bunch of
Instagram notifications when Bledsoe
hurt his knee um anyways today's New
Year's Eve the Phoenix Suns play in OKC
oh I bet that's gonna be pretty to watch
but yeah I I didn't have a vlog to put
up for you guys or a challenge or
anything so I hope the reaction wasn't
too boring I'm trying to convince my
girlfriend to do a bean boozled
challenge with me so if she says yes to
that then I promise that I'll be
uploaded tomorrow anyways it's New
Year's Eve right now I want everybody to
enjoy their night tonight um I don't
know everybody
I was gonna be having fun just don't be
stupid drinking and driving because
honestly tonight is the honestly tonight
is the worst night if you get behind the
wheel tonight drunk you're just begging
for trouble Brian come say Happy New
Year's but yeah anyways I did have a
blog for you guys today I'm sorry about
that but I promise a more interesting
video tomorrow I hope you guys enjoyed
my misery my sorrow from that reaction
sons you're killing me third worst team
in the West right now Happy New Year's
be safe tonight and have fun I love you
guys all bruh wadis out
