I got this what's up everybody bro
waters here aka Brandon and I'm with my
cousin Anthony Anthony boy yeah you guys
know him as fuck boy uh and today we're
doing a Q&A questions asked by you guys
I posted a picture on Instagram and my
camera is dead and it's in my car so I'm
using my laptop webcam so if the mic
isn't that good then just just try to
hear as best as you could um we got
these questions yeah like I said all
from Instagram and we're gonna answer
them first question is going to be what
when was your guys's first kiss and how
did it happen I'll let Anthony answer
first all right right for his was 6th
grade uh and it's funny because my
sister actually got it for me because
you kissed your sister no no me it was
my sister's friend and we're we're in
the pool and my sister told a girl like
oh like you like him and he likes you
too like just just kiss her and then we
ended up making out and we actually end
up dating boom boom from nothing to a
make-out okay mine was you guys wouldn't
believe it
it was entering senior year of high
school so I was 17 years old think about
it I was 17 years old and I did have my
first kiss it was um on this cruise with
this girl I honestly don't remember her
name but it was like on the top deck on
this mini golf course we did more than
just kiss but um but she just kissed me
in my head I was like but yeah that was
mine so believe it or not my first kiss
I didn't have a kiss throughout all of
high school until entering my senior
year which is pretty crazy looking back
on it right now which cruise was that
fucking I don't even know but okay this
question is for me but I guess Anthony
could answer it too and this question
didn't come from one person this
question came from six billion people
why is Anthony such a fuck-boy honestly
I don't know because he's hung around me
for so long I did not raise him like
this I didn't raise him with gold chains
with fake blue contacts with all this so
why he's just a fuck-boy and honestly
I'm just joking when I say that he's not
really a fuck-boy actually no I'm not
I don't know about that Loki is a fuck
boy but he just is like just look at him
where's the gold chain you need the gold
chain around it on me but I guess you
can answer that honestly why are you
such a fuck boy like it's not like I go
after every girl it's just the way I
dress okay
ah I was totally wrong I have a sore
throat and this is hot tea with lemon
and honey it's just the way I dress it's
not like I go and cheat on girls and
that ha but yeah like I wear go chain I
have fake fake glue content I just wear
cuz I want to like being myself here
okay so this question is for fuck boy
and I guess I can answer too but unless
he just nails it on the dot what's the
craziest thing Brandon has done when the
sons are losing you're watching the game
with him I he threw his phone at the
dresser right here and the whole thing
like half of it came off half of the and
I kick it now just do my phone my phone
impact wasn't that strong if no he
brandished crazy I hate watching sons
again I get diggin of that son James
starts in a couple minutes sun's out
Spurs so I get abused when when he
watches something true you have to UM
okay this question this for both of us
Fetty WAP or Drake i'ma answer this okay
you have to go with Drake only because
you can't just look at what's been done
over the past couple months you got to
look at overall Drake is the goat for
honestly the past couple years you Fetty
can't come in and have a few good months
and automatically be over drink so right
now it's Drake go Anthony
Drake like I've always listened to Jay
yeah a fucking camera
I've always listen to Drake Lee since
Brandon's first car since my first car
what did I always make you listen to I'm
sad yeah I had Anthony in his feelings
ever since you would like third time
Morgan yeah so you did raise me to be a
fun boy no I read you to be a nice
person okay describe Anthony in five
words fat
um dumbass literally stupid uh idiot and
funny okay you could describe my
describe you uh yeah funny funny um
let's see oh shit his brain doesn't even
know five words are describing my eggs
funny handsome dumb dumb I go annoying
oh you and the last one is another
annoying - annoying I'll know how but um
okay okay guys stop okay okay
best moment with rug you know rug had to
be involved in this video
my best moment with rug this is a while
back but when we used to shower together
no I'm serious and like doing the X when
you used to go pee like he pizzas way I
pee to say I would a check I would try
not to load with my eyes would always
wonder like this and I would hope he
wouldn't see me but um I mean that's
probably my best moment with rug
showering together and doing the X when
we pee what about you
my best moment with rug is probably um
we have a lot oh my god Anthony would
you answer the fly so hard it's not hard
who's your best moment with your cousin
rug okay uh okay my best moment with rug
it's actually to heat he actually bought
my ps4 plus membership for $60 it's not
a moment and he gave me a hoverboard I
mean like we don't really okay so I
guess okay shut up
you shall what do you want me to say out
P with him in the shower together maybe
start because you may have some moments
with him okay best moment almost awkward
moment for me and Anthony I don't want
this idiot literally does the stupidest
things at home which lead his parents he
literally goes up to a sister Stephanie
who's minding your own business
listening to one direction in her room
step step turn that up are you cutting
yourself to one direction all this his
mom yells at him and I'm just there like
this like what am I told you like hey
does happen do you know I've never
gotten yelled up but you're alive yeah
but I'm just in Anthony's house and he's
getting yelled at like and I don't know
what to do like okay but that's really
awkward for me and Anthony that's for me
what about for you okay am I allowed to
say that when you and Brandon quiet
I mean when you and Brian fight or no
you know the crazy punches
I'm not say that okay my most awkward is
literally me and it was part of look
frog drinking oh yeah okay what it was
at Risa it was like when I used to go to
the house like my mom would be like 'hey
i do want to go bye-bye
aunty center oh yes oh my god like i
used to be in love with the house
I come here Brenda and Brian would get
in fights like crazy fights like Brandon
Brian like they would bite each other
and punch each other yeah Brian would
have bite marks on his like okay I
didn't buy you did Ryan or our bride by
bit you like I'm never a bit Brian in a
fight okay well they it wasn't Risa it
was not mad at me when we were kids I've
never bit Brian in a fight out marks all
over their body like they would be
punching like there's no tomorrow like
punching their life away and I would
just be like sitting there like not
knowing what to do like like it would be
so awkward I'll just be like watching
them know if I should stop it or record
Liam this is it's so awkward um next
question try that's why you feel like
such a dumbass when you fucking when I'm
answering quite well when you lie why
the hell I would I buy it Brian how is
that a lie
you really did go out right okay let's
call Brian right now Brian look Ryan
call he's probably gonna tell him to say
right now get in here get in shower Ryan
can you close a shower really quick can
you close the shower really quick or
close the shower Danny quick come here
real quick time to shut up
have I ever been tried in a fight or
bribed by them in the right now well
we're gonna fit you in a fight yeah jab
it right at you I've never been I
thought I said okay right you get you
won okay now we settled that okay Ronnie
hey Dad - yelps it please why because we
need to record the Q&A with me and
Anthony my dad hates Anthony so much so
I don't blame you what debt okay what
are you gonna lie to you like wait
please this isn't part of the Q&A but
just tell them when my dad came home
from me yeah I just said he had had like
a zombie disease his high doors god
bless this low just not running down his
note his mouth looked like this goodness
I was late listen tell the story walk
walk and be a better we're eating late
night it was like a burrito or something
right we finish eating up sitting on the
couch like downstairs Ron walks up to me
and he goes he looks him in the leg he
comes to my face and he goes I got sick
so bad I swear the next day I went to
the hospital I swear Brandi can back me
up on yeah well I got so sick all my
dad's fault and I must go for like a
week here you answer this question while
I find the picture cuz that picture is
hilarious answer uh how many hours does
Brandon spend a day on basketball ready
for no no 24 are you serious
okay at least like I'm 90 hours like at
least a majority of the day like more
than half the day is just like June
oh so they're playing today oh oh I have
to be view about suits today oh I have
to write article today okay honestly
life is back
people just look as room okay I can't
find the picture of my dad but what I
did find is you guys watch angry grandpa
I love angry if I swear yeah Brandon had
this phase when he was just obsessed
with it I'm everywhere you told Bobby
idea okay would it be Anthony we're
answering this last question for each
other
Brandon why is Anthony so sexy and
Anthony wise Brandon so sexy I'll let
you answer that frame is so sexy because
it's just just think about it who else
do you know that dress is this fresh
gets a haircut every week has a has a
model body and did I already say it's a
haircut every week yeah you did I
appreciate you okay I still can't find
the picture of my dad's foot answer this
for Anthony why is he at least Oh sexy
literally okay just look at him he's
like how old are you 16 when I was 16 I
was literally a cool shrimp look at this
imagine and I glowed up now I'm 21 I
imagine what Anthony's gonna look like
when he's 20 like oh really good yeah
and like his hair is like nice
um and then just like just the way he
looks he looks like a lesbian okay
wouldn't want to date him yeah okay and
they really cook them answer this one
what would you want to do in the future
besides YouTube
honestly if YouTube goes well then yeah
I'll keep doing that but which it's
already going well but I mean like like
rug well but my first choice my first
choice is to be an analyst or
commentator for the Phoenix Suns
anything with the Phoenix Suns um thank
you guys for repaying you with a 12 and
21 start to the season 13th place in the
West Eric Bledsoe out for the whole year
so I just want to thank guys so much for
giving me such a horrible start of the
year I appreciate it
that's gonna end the Q&A I would you a
question oh you know not even having you
to buzzer say oh I am starting YouTube
oh yeah he's soon I'm gonna start
YouTube he's getting his what about your
career
be to be a full lawyer like a fuck-boy
lawyer he's gonna walk into the
courtroom with a chain and fucking
hoodie and like all this and look the
judge in the face a fuck you judge get
my boy out of fucking trouble with the
Air Force one yeah with the Air Force
Ones ah oh yes
that's gonna end the Q&A honestly if you
guys want to follow anthony's twitter
instagram so boring but if you guys do
worry i'm gonna be honestly if you guys
want to see selfies that make anthony
look better ten times in pictures and he
does in real life follow his instagram
you wanna see tweets where he acts super
cool that follows two a day but ideally
okay so don't fall them on twitter but
it's gonna be the description along with
mine so if you guys want to keep up with
me I'll put his snapchat
- he's post not nudes but uh still on
occasion on the Katie years news are
coming up make good one @midnight
exactly yeah the one with that okay
that's it say bye-bye robot is out or
ever have to do this paratus oh don't
redo that I'm literally
