I got this notice anything about my wall
looks a little empty huh fuck you rug my
room looks a little empty and I'm sorry
yes so he picked the wrong time to do
that prank because of the video we're
about to do I'm gonna explain it Brian
come here okay I'll wait for my brother
to explain what video we're gonna do
right yeah my camera didn't even charge
okay guys um the reason I told my
brother that was the wrong time to do
this prank I hit it and get me upset
because I actually got upset I was
actually mad but um it's because the
video we're doing today let's just say
that it's all slapping okay literally
should know gone and mad before this
yeah you shoulda not me mad before this
I've kind of calmed down but so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna we're
gonna play slap Paper Scissors rock
paper scissors flop whatever the hell
you guys want to call it and we have a
coin flip heads or tails so we're gonna
go uh like you know winner loser how do
I explain this winner loser the loser
gets slapped winner obviously gets to
slap the loser and first one to five
slaps wins loser has to eat three bean
boozled swallow what no yeah I was
waiting for that it is what we're gonna
swallow we're gonna swallow three bean
boozled if you guys don't know what
these are jelly beans we everyone does
videos on these canned dog food skunk
spray baby wipes booger rotten egg
tastes like shit so
yeah well I got rock paper scissors too
but um so you know okay we're going to
start with rock paper scissors
slap winner gets one point and gets to
stop the other one loser stays on zero
points and gets loud by the other one so
rock paper and show what you have paper
hey why okay stop me on the camera side
okay so I get one slap and also zero
points and rug gets a floppy and gets
one point
ready pizza she got hurt
no okay I don't know cuz I'm ready to go
hard on him because I know it's okay
it's okay we can go hard that first one
wasn't too hard but that was just the
first time I'm gonna call me a pussy
it's okay go hard the second one all
right fuck me hard I'm just joking so
Brian has one point I have zero no next
we're doing the coin I'll let Brian
choose cuz you want heads or tails heads
you're scared
yeah heads heads I want it oh yeah -
till you guys take our word for the
camera sit down here yeah I wouldn't
know Hale yeah Brian would not lumpy
they all go soft the first one since you
want to love you that's it
alright don't worry it'll get more
intense okay now rock paper scissors one
one fuck good you know we said we're
gonna go harder oh okay okay oh okay I
have to I don't want to get something
more okay now I'm you kidding I like
going from now I pick ah I paid kicking
off but even like I'm not the Patriots
in overtime like that oh you saw I'm not
stupid
yeah I pick tails again heads
fog what oh yeah that's on the nail from
when I tore down all the Laker jerseys
from my wall okay tailed again
that's three in a row from me
let's just get this over with let's get
this over with
okay wait wait wait I'm thinking which
one I should do okay
you can't think before and that's
cheating okay
oh no no over here too hard I can't no
water water cuz cuz you good okay
come oh you act like your second one
with no hard okay fine oh me too
I'm up all right I pick nails cuz it's
been tailed student watch it yes
dragon tails heads heads heads a joke is
this actually a joke and I hollered get
a pin Hey
okay you all lotion for this one no you
know oh okay okay okay this is chill
here you to win yeah this for me toward
a new force lat and Brian swallow three
bean boozled later Brian for this I was
gonna do rock again I swear Lee redo no
joke okay okay you did the wind up no I
did not get down hey why the harder that
was still hard oh wait am i face red yet
I'll oak it is mine you low-key shit
yours hello keep okay yo I'm making head
I don't can I flip it this time you
could flip it alright please give me
head side I'd be four to four holy shit
please God
three non flip a coin yes guy says okay
woo can I can they see you go somebody
hey bud okay
wait till this videos done hey listen
was that hard no it was that hard
yeah what's hard oh well there's a lot
so I just hope you don't lose Braden oh
no I'm leaving
it rock paper balls on brandy okay but
if I work and I do my hardest slap ever
that's up to you
bring them up please like actually I
didn't mean to hit hard shit let's go
but I need to think we're gonna do what
are you gonna do a bridge why is it rock
the strongest yeah that's what I'm
saying like rock is always powerful just
fucking go ah god I was gone for two -
for two - yeah get over here right I
tried to mind fuck you yeah I know
because I'm like he's obviously not
gonna do wrong I said I said is it wrong
for Sonic when I tried to mind fuck
right into doing wrong you know what I
have a P an intelligent brain not me
okay I won't do it
just fucking swap me just laugh and make
it though you're shaking yeah go fry God
your face is red is it kind of hey guys
it's red okay three bean boot I could I
get to pick the flavor or you just take
three ribs I'm kicking three random guys
yes I never win challenging but that's
fun and you have to swallow I know what
hey
oh do you smell that mmm yes God
fuck I read the flavors he has one skunk
it was a smells caliche just do it risk
oh my god I feel so bad for gun spray
Ryan and moldy cheese ooh no you have to
swallow it - you're gonna throw it cut
tomorrow 1:00 o'clock day is here white
swallow you said that in the beginning
we remember come on oh can you even
swallow that hmm holding you can even
swallow that okay what is popcorn what
it skunks where the other one is oh come
know just cut oh come on this is like
for your factory
definitely not hanging out with Jackie
today no you don't even have to brush
your teeth
did you swallow it you want me to Oliver
outlook mmm guys if you smell this no I
keep taking the skunk know what you know
what follow you I wouldn't Brenda I
would definitely yeah oh my god did you
spit it no there's someone else I see
you can spit it out what is my mouth
long enough I bought it
oh you swallowed it he swallowed it whoa
the whole room smells like it now guys I
literally smell like a skunk's asshole
I'm like a li imagine if I Lake the
skunk's asshole that's what my tongue
said I'll go in the road well we should
have no water guys okay my face is your
face right no your face isn't that right
my friend
Oh a little bit okay well that's fun
yeah the comic is real okay so uh just
you bitch
show this look at this guys I was legit
pissed off you guys are gonna see the
video on roads channel yeah um but yeah
that was a challenge you might call your
breath I know I know
wait laughter brush okay guys that was a
challenge uh I lost rug the winner for
once in his life and son play the cat
whoa sons play the Cape's
tonight stolen the son slay the cab yep
oh my god not gonna be too pretty but uh
you guys lost oh yeah by the way than me
sixty by the way when I said I was gonna
watch any much son games a season I
might have been fibbing a little bit
yeah but 6:00 p.m. I can't wait towards
some game and a half more hours let's go
