Fuzzy's finds a good dog owners come
here oh my god so buzz is trying to make
his escape while we're all playing
basketball
yo Bosley stop trying to run away
you live in a nice house hey I know you
hear me buzz Lee oh
he just wants to drop a deuce oh your
dad mom before 2018 starts I just want
to say thank you for everything you've
done for me this year you guys helped me
a lot a lot a lot a lot you look good
too
happy new year almost so the Chargers
are smashing on the Raiders right now
3210 there's only one problem
Tennessee is winning and also the Ravens
are losing damn this sucks the charges
are doing everything they could they're
playing good things just aren't going
their way but hopefully it changes
you didn't say who's it Brandon where we
about it go pick out a nice outfit for
tonight guys me Brian all my friends all
of our family we're hanging out tonight
celebrating New Year's together and so
me and Brian are gonna go to the mall
and pick an outfit so see you guys there
okay guys so I actually left I was about
to be on my way to the mall but I forgot
to say Happy New Year's to somebody so
I'm going back home to say Happy New
Year's Brian is probably gonna kill me I
can't leave without saying happy new
years to this guy and then we will go
wait up car give me one second I forgot
to say Happy New Year's to someone
Bosley Happy New Year okay well he gave
me a kiss one more kiss for New Year's
gladly New Year's kiss 2018 oh it's not
midnight yet well I got my New Year's
kiss so all you girls out there if you
don't want to kiss me tonight I don't
care because I already got it and I got
it from someone who's cuter than you
Bosley damn it guys so Tennessee one
meaning the Chargers will not make the
playoffs Congrats to all you Titans fans
but I wanted the Chargers to make it so
bad
if you guys can relate to this moment
you have to drop a like on this video so
kids what grades did you get in school
today
kids what grades don't be shy I won't
hurt you if it's bad F oh you got an F
in what subject yeah who can relate to
the hand reaching back in the car if you
relate like on this video bye you know
what I love you know usually I hate you
but there's the one thing I love about
you you always have water in your car I
don't care how old it is or and they're
always like half-empty you're the water
plug Brian I know like New Year means
like people change and they sent new
goals and everything but can you promise
me one thing
you'll still have happen to water
bottles in your car for months and
months although when I come in I can
drink them boy so for Givenchy clothing
do we get a discount because there's
like hold so it's missing fabric or do
we have to pay full price wait do you
know if Johnny's still coming tonight
do you guys know if Johnny's coming
you're not sure I mean Johnny
was gonna come but I don't know if
Johnny is coming anymore
what does Johnny was just leave Johnny
in 2017 and move on to 2018 when Brian
sets his mind to something it's over oh
no Brian don't do it actually do it
they're nice he needs one like offset
you don't offset we need one like cardi
being offset
Brian I honestly think you would rock
that 100% yeah oh it's only 100 not back
Brian for $100 who would buy this okay
if I was saying get a discount for
Jevons you sure what discount would you
get from this this is ripped oh look
it's ripped all the way through I better
get 80% off of this okay Jenny we were
joking we were joking junior went at
Spartans take it off the shelf take to
the register guys I'm the mood of being
cute for a second so you know how I told
you I left and there's a last time I was
gonna see you before New Year's yeah
well I was thinking about it like on my
way home and like you Brian and dad
impacted my life way too much for this
new year so I had to come all the way
back to say bye one last time lipstick
stain well with your beard there's no
lipstick
what about how they goes you following
not with my mom he said he said next to
me better do not he go mr. Burfoot if I
heard anything like you guys I'm dead
and he's done you have gone all Lakers
and rockets
tie game over time 15 seconds left so
for those who don't know rocket it's
from Texas so he's a Rockets fan Laker
fan uh-oh
easy easy oh four seconds left Brandon
even with the ball Tamaki oh so now free
throws Bosley I'm sorry to ruin this
romantic moment but please wait shit I
need to go the timeouts over bond like
sometimes I feel bad for you cuz I don't
think you have enough shoes yeah Brian
how many shoes you need cuz if you
wanting behinds naked but I won't show
it yeah yeah I'm picking out Brian's
outfit Brian I think if you make me
choose the shoes it's gonna take me like
two hours so you pick the shoes and yeah
feel free to donate
oh no we're not the same size dammit how
to ruin bruh wadis New Year's 101 the
sons lose please I don't want my New
Year ruined
just please phoenix suns find a way to
win this game Booker's going on 30
points right now the sun's need a stop
if Philly scores here it's over please
no no no please God no oh no oh no it's
over
no jr. oh I can't get one stop Brian
please sad music only on the way back
cuz like the sun's lost so please have
some respect
this is way too happy Suns loss like
what a like Brian what a great way to
start off from here so like the Chargers
win but then they miss the playoffs and
then the Suns lose like what a great
great way I mean
yeah thank you for having somebody I
think the outfit I picked out for rug
got him looking fresh for the club
tonight Brian if you want someone to
snatch out your neck then you wear it
yeah yeah yeah you're right
flex on them but yeah Brian you look
good and you're gonna have to pick out
my outfit when I'm done showering wait
you want to shower with me or did you
already shower damn it
Brandon hurry up you're taking forever
it's okay take your time
the fuckers breathe brandy
why are you wearing we're going to the
club you idiot
no it's not no take it off and someone
comes up and says yo you can't be me
one-on-one in basketball you got to be
ready to fuck okay no that's not gonna
happen
Brandon already you're just overdressed
I'm just uh uh yeah go no yo guy saw as
much as I hate Brian cuz he force me to
change into like some real clothes right
now I just want to say it's 2017 the
years coming to an end but my year would
not have been as good as it was if it
wasn't for Brian so Brian thank you so
much for every course and I can't wait
to spend another year it feels like
we're dating no Maria I can't we extend
another year with Brian I love Brian and
thanks for making 2017 as good as it was
Thank You Brandon love you love you too
brother so Brian wait since I said that
can you clean the clothes off the floor
okay listen literally Oh what discount
did you get on those jeans for the rim
fabric great you look like really really
good like trust me you look really good
but there's no way I'm being seen with
you tonight if you dress like that
Natalie you look good but when's the
joke over what are you taking that up
No okay so it's not going to be hard to
spot me and Brian just look for this
mariachi quit listen here come here
let's wait you're closet really quit
like ah I don't know you just pick
something pick anything well if you're
looking to find someone with crabs you
wear this one yes of course those are
the best ones to find okay Brian so we
got a mission so you know I picked you
out so Clint wants me to pick out oh hey
Clint how's it going what are you guys
talking about right no no we're just
saying like how you have too many good
options this one's a nice mariachi band
one two can I talk can I talk can I talk
can I talk whose channel is it yours or
mine
happy new years to my three beautiful
cousins you guys all look good I know
about the cameras on the cameras also
you gotta act nice have fun tonight
we're all about to go out
you guys all look good control them
Clint and of course no drinking and
driving so you gotta let everyone
boobers are here cabs are here
cabs are here captain here cabs are here
- cabs are here hey everyone
Gym tan laundry gym tan laundry the
Jersey Shore Downton is kind of busy
what is there anything special going on
today what's today it's just a regular
idea
it's a Sunday that sounds oh wait isn't
today I'm like New Year's Eve or
something or New Year's oh oh its fourth
of July oh yeah
when to the fireworks start we met up
with the crew happy new year I hit my
New Year's kiss today you want to why
not Holly we have a problem
what's going on sorrow melt said he
wants to be my New Year's kiss but I'm
trying to no no no hey Happy New Year
everybody we love you
but the real life of the party rug rat
what say Happy New Year every
motherfucking building we in the
building
hey come on happy new years but we knew
your bro Happy New Year maybe wait wait
I don't want you in the world oh yeah
sure we'll see if that gets left and
it's about to turn 12
we're still waiting outside
well
wrong and you promised me something hey
I'm just joking well where's Brian
where's Brian
where's Brian really where's Brian
Ryan Happy New Year well guys the line
was so long that we didn't even make it
into the club before New Year's
so we celebrated outside Happy New Year
but look we weren't the only ones
waiting outside there's a bunch of
I'm trying to party I'm trying to get
hey I just wanna so I'm playing
basketball tomorrow are you oh yeah
ride you're a liar it's a new year don't
lie to me so you said you're playing
basketball tomorrow right my god at
least someone is being about basketball
this is what they said like you don't
wear white shoes to the club right how
are your white shoes Glastonbury bad
yeah
oh well we gotta clean them so hey I got
it confront my brother so someone just
came up to me what's your name
giant bro giant he told me a let's hoop
let's play one-on-one I told you someone
had to come out with a booger Jersey yo
guys happy New Year to everybody
watching this video and to everybody
who's ever supported me I just wanted to
close this video out by saying thank you
guys so much for making 2017 the best
year of my life I love my family I love
my friends and I love everybody around
me but to be honest if it wasn't for you
guys who support me and watch my videos
2017 would not have been as good of a
year as it was for me so thank you guys
so much I appreciate each and every
single one of you guys but most
importantly 2018 goals has everything to
do with you guys I want to make better
content for you guys grow as a youtuber
and just make all of you guys happy
hello 2017 it was crazy
most importantly I'm just glad all my
family is healthy and so other than that
guys drop a like on this video if you
enjoyed don't forget a if you want your
Pilates merged the link will be in the
description down below subscribe to this
channel if you are new January 1st 2018
I hope you guys all have a late safe fun
New Year's and I'm out I love you guys
all
peace
