I got this there Bosley goes not being
able to itch is the back of his head
anymore Bosley here go you can't reach
let me do it for you he could literally
only race to reach the tip of his ear
Bosley you want to go see Nora and Steph
coming guys what's wrong with this
generation look this is what's wrong
with this generation fine what are you
doing okay this is an evil house tom is
calling my ever okay first of all I
wasn't I didn't even know that was going
on I was saying this generation is
ruined because Brian asks Nora steps to
be in one of his videos they've been
getting ready for fucking one hour no I
hate girl I'm why she's nine years old
she's ten are you guys putting makeup
getting ready for this long no really
how old are you she's 14 nor how old are
you that's not what I am like fiery F
what's your age but yeah Brian asks for
them to be in this video
ooh a new shower and put makeup on the
blow dryer doesn't it smell like baby
powder burn baby powder huh okay Steph
holy how many do you need what video are
you guys doing we don't know yet like on
your honour's video of some sort is
funny boy by video game or soda
challenge this fuck we're gonna be in it
yeah guys look at this boy fuck boy
shut up wait one wonderful Hey
oh my god speaking of fat fuck why he
literally just had breakfast and he
comes up with a beef jerky packin and
vitaminwater
what is Anthony featured in the video
okay that's an automatic - 100,000 views
right there
fly on Bosley no fat boss Stephanie
Bryan's trying to force stuff to make
him breakfast
that's always a chef is here huh yeah
Nora and I got this headless Anthony
look and nor Brian that's a thumbnail
hey no okay let me get it Steph Steph
stare right there hold on stay right
there stay no it's okay everybody let
okay I don't want to look at the boots I
don't look at your face the boots are
nice guys Stephanie swag the fuck out
for 14 years old
oh my gosh but how basic the flannel
around the waist well when it goes of
the necklace yeah but that's a basic
girl Anthony nice slipper
nice socks what the hell are you wearing
actually guys look at Anthony's ass
Anthony look no lift up your jacket a
little oh my god all my female
subscribers wish they were you I swear
I'm almost done editing my vlog of
Christmas Day when I was by myself and
then I'm gonna go to the gym I have to
go to the gym I'm working out my chest
and Travis
are you guys making the video or no
right while you fat-ass Anthony this is
your favorite fruit boo boo
it's nourish Navy guys look below if you
don't want Anthony to be in anymore
Brandon or Brian's video guys hurt you
funny fuck cut you guys Terry comment
below lately you know the horse riders
of the big boots the horse riders oh my
god I was so fucking ugly
well I still am but not like this yeah
you're one to laugh you okay I'm just
joking you're handsome guys it's 2 p.m.
the day after Christmas on site it okay
I need to stop doing that I need to stop
going like this because honestly there's
no point and I don't know how I got this
habit but I literally do it every video
I go like this then I go like this I
don't know it's just habits but anyways
I'm off to the gym again not wearing my
basketball shoes so I'm not tempted but
I don't think anybody plays on Saturdays
or Sundays anyways so um I'm just gonna
lift and then come back home I didn't
get the invite to the challenge video
that rug and newer Steph and Anthony are
doing but it's okay because I had plans
anyways I'm low-key salty but still they
went to the store I think they're buying
like some soda I'm not sure what
challenge they're doing but rods video
will probably be up before this vlog so
you guys would know it before me
you guys you won't believe what just
happened so I was at the gym lifting and
I was about to well first of all say hi
to I can say hi to jr. I was in the gym
lifting and these people were playing
basketball and they needed one more to
run games and I was like no I don't have
my shoes sorry like whatever they for
they tempted me so bad to play that I
left the gym at the end of my workout
I'm going all the way home getting my
basketball shoes and going back to the
gym to play basketball I swear this is a
healthy but it's my passion right jr.
right okay icons Rockets won last night
they beat the Spurs by four points on my
way back to the gym
guys I just have to wear double socks
put my shoes on god what am I doing with
my life
hold on Anthony come say hi to my vlog
guys my triceps are so sore from working
out it's gonna be a stroke
oh-ho guys watching me here in today's
with mugs the father's friend once from
okay guys time I left you leave my right
one untied cuz I'm dumb guys the sons
play the 76ers in about two hours
honestly if I'll let me rephrase they
play the one wing 30 lost 76ers the
worst start in NBA history if they lose
holy fuck I doubt they're gonna lose
though but then again I've been saying
that for weeks about every game shit
I just drop my camera I'm in such a rush
okay
later guys NATO nor I said later you
dumb fuck from Brian's challenge you Pig
sold out we'd rape this wealth after all
right really
that's wait Ron Ron Jeremy
ron jeremy bubblegum soda hate soda okay
we made it I came here pretty fast okay
how was the driving was it the worst job
you've ever been turn signals he seeds
he's lying don't believe him he's lying
he switches leaves get my ball thanks
guys lol honestly if the suns lose this
game oh my god
if the suns lose this game I'm not
watching another game all year mark my
words okay I'm serious I swear on my
life the sun's lose to the one Wayne 30
lost 76ers I'm not watching another game
my whole life guys look I feel so bad
for Jeff hornacek this team oh man guys
the suns have eight who the best part
about this game so far was Mirza - Letta
bitch you got a fresh eka and shaved
under his chin his beard goatee whatever
it was that's the best part about this
game so far 19 to 8 Philly Man Man Man
Man I might be in for a long night
get it night k ni ght guys this is the
definition of pathetic dad 27:15 Philly
yeah playing home I already told you
that we lose this game I'm done this
year while we actually played defense
for a possession not like we gave up 27
points naive' in the end of the first
quarter to the worst team in the league
really quick so you saw how I took jr.
in Archon to the gym right I checked my
phone after playing basketball about 13
missed calls combined from his dad his
mom my dad my mom my cousin and I ever
in about 10 texts music I'm done and
about 10 tags saying where are you where
are you all this stuff okay
I guess jr. or kin did not did not tell
anybody that they were going to the gym
and junior sister called the police to
report two missing kids because none of
them had their phones with them and I'm
never talking to to their dad again I'm
scared because I don't get how this is
my fault but of course they're gonna put
it on me even though I just want to pick
them up is their responsibility to tell
the death dad tell him what happened
with junior they called the police yeah
see this what happens when I take my
cousin's to the gym the police get
involved Bosley did you hear that
yeah Bosley dad you're so lucky you're
watching this instead of the sons game I
know you're saving yourself stress a lot
of stress okay I'm gonna take a shower
at halftime because I feel so sweaty
guys I texted our kin
I said did hikmet who is Junior's dad as
a joke I said did Heckman beat gingers
ass like as a joke and our concert he
beat mine he gave me a neck he said no
I'm just joking he yelled at us for 20
minutes I don't know like I saw my phone
after playing basketball I'm just like
why am I so popping right now 13 missed
calls like who was trying to like what
and to my surprise the fucking cops I
don't know I don't know I just don't
know but uh look what I just tweeted I
tweeted look lol look up fucking joke in
the dictionary and this picture will
show up but you can't look up joke it
won't show up for jokes you have to look
up fucking joke and then the oh my dad
just told me to stop cussing in my
videos hold on lemme apologize dad did
you hear me
on accent I said the f-word because I
was talking about the sun's I know I
told him I in the middle no I can't
because I was talking about the sun's I
can't go on another rant but I told them
I said my dad just told me stop saying
bad words and I accidentally said it I
know I won't guys I have to cut down my
cousin I don't even notice it it just
comes out Bosley you're so lucky I'm
starving dad I swear I was at the gym
for like five hours today cuz the sun's
game I was gonna miss if I brought me
food all I getting me food and I'm
starving to death so I can see this down
by 15 guys Bludso's down he's been down
for a while and he can't get up holy
crap he's had two knee surgeries in his
career before holy shit
please no please no all right guys so
the Suns have kinda woken up they were
down 60 in the first and now up by 2 or
3 minutes left in the third and even if
we win this game which I fully expect us
to do now that we've came back oh I
haven't heard that before but uh no I
expect us to win this game it's still
embarrassing heard you're fighting with
the worst team possibly in NBA history
they're for sure the worst team in the
NBA today but possibly the worst team in
NBA history they've won one game and
lost 30 and you're struggling to beat
them at home ah it's crazy but uh yes
some I don't want to over exaggerate but
Eric Bledsoe got carried to the locker
room he didn't put any way on his left
knee which he's already gotten two
surgeries on okay and he's not returning
to the game today he's getting an MRI
tomorrow morning so they're gonna have
information on him tomorrow honestly two
years ago Bledsoe had surgery on the
left knee and he missed 41 games that
year and now I don't know I'm just
hoping it's just like a sprain or maybe
just something small I don't know but UH
one bright spot is Devin
came in for Bledsoe and what do you
expect he hit two threes in a row and
then he got two straight and one so he's
showing up youngest player in the league
much loves to Devin Booker guys look the
Pringles dude Mike D'Antoni Pringles he
coached the Suns for five or six years
he led them to the Western Conference
Finals and one of the years they were 62
and 20
grind it out Battle of this NBA Finals
preview back-and-forth game guys just
how it's going to be in a seven-game
series late June Sun Sixers 2016 NBA
Finals this is a game everyone's been
waiting for ever since the schedule came
out is the game that's been circled on
everyone's calendar laughs my fucking
ass off laughs my fucking ass off that's
all I'm gonna say
guys wasn't it just 7775 with about
fucking like one minute ago the Sixers
just went on a 12o run they hit fourth
straight through threes in the final
minute I'm literally like I can't even
stop laughing this is too hilarious
right now guys you tell me if I should
even watch this fucking fourth quarter
literally we were up by one with a
minute and a half up 1 with a minute and
a half 90 seconds later end of the 3rd
were down by 11 what that's fuckin oh my
god this team is a joke the team is
pathetic and this team is embarrassing
that's all I'm gonna say great just
great another injury and this time to
Devin Booker holy crap guys so you know
me I'm a true Suns fan i watch every
game I try I watch every single second
every minute of every game but honestly
once they went down 17 points in the
fourth quarter at home to the
one-and-thirty Philadelphia 76ers a team
who has the worst start in NBA history
without their best player jahlil okafor
I turned my fucking TV off you you gotta
be pathetic to stay and watch that game
if they win they win nice comeback if
they lose I don't care honestly
good job sons you literally just
embarrass yourself on your home court
and I fully expect them to get booed I
expect them to get booed on their home
court I texted Jackie so I'm about to go
eat with Jackie carne asada fries and
chill with my girl so that'll be better
than watching the last six minutes of
the game
man I'm so done with this season I swear
I'm so done guys to end my rant I
thought I was done but I just wanted to
add one thing this is the absolute worst
I've ever watched the sun's it's the
hardest time to watch the Suns and I
went through 2013 when the Suns were 25
wins and 57 losses and their second best
player was Luis Scola and I'm so me
saying this season is worse is saying a
lot just trust me on that
for whatever reason I'm reaching the
sons game right now you could call me
psycho you can call me crazy it's 205
and 205 in the morning I'm reaching the
fucking sons game that I don't ever want
to talk about oh man
I'm also reading Phoenix Suns article
about the game I know this this was just
crazy like I couldn't believe I know I'm
done talking about it
good night fellas like this was
different than being mad at the Suns
this was just like like are you fucking
kidding me can the season just end
already like no I honestly I don't even
want to like oh just know that I don't
think I've ever been this like like had
enough of a team like it's one thing to
be bad because you're like you're bad
you don't have good players that's one
thing it's another thing like for
example Brooklyn they're second worse
than East they don't have good players
it's another thing to have a shitload of
talent like the suns do Brandon Knight
Eric Bledsoe Tyson Chandler and be bad
because that means you're playing with
no heart you're playing with no passion
you don't like it's just it that's worse
I don't know I'm done guys I'm fucking
done guys
you won't believe where I'm at at 2:40
a.m. I don't even want to say it but I'm
at McDonald's don't judge I don't know
why the hell I'm here honestly literally
why is the truck behind me so loud the
wires like so bright look at that
doing motherfucker charged me 11 cents
for ranch are you kidding me right now I
forgot McDonald's doesn't make enough
money so they feel the need to charge 11
not even 10 cents 11 cents for ranch I
said here's 15 cents keep the change
you mother fuck up oh my god I'm not
even gonna enjoy this ranch knowing I
paid 11 cents for him
holy crap she really said 11 sentence
Lawrence you're missing a good game
oh man's gotta be a joke right fucking
sure especially those fuckin evil boys
aah horns why are you at my house
honestly a game this little tea party
does home how far do you live again a
good hour wait don't show my hair five
Laurine someone really made up it was
someone really made a Twitter called
Lawrence's hair line and they say ask
for wallets for advice look at my
hairline my hairline is worse than your
camera now because of my pimples
I know it's too it's too HD I can record
me anymore
too bad no I know I got enough footage
but wait just tell me who you think is
gonna win this game I say the suns think
so they're down six women you know I
fucking know I know it's just live it's
live at 3:00 a.m.
in Phoenix but in Phoenix equator left
yeah go on in Phoenix it's 8:00 p.m.
zone can't go to sleep right now no I
know Devin Booker I love George Lopez
so funny I've seen every single episode
at least once this is like the only TV
show that I actually watch aside from
NBA
