I got this guy's
Christmas Day um exactly 6 p.m. and I'm
home alone actually I'm not home alone
because little dude is right there
Bosley say hi Merry Christmas
today's probably the worst day of his
life because out of me my mom and rug
I'm Bosley's most hated for whatever
reason he hates me but uh he's had to
spend the whole day with me today
because my parents rug all my cousin's
all my aunt and uncle's went to Palm
Springs if you guys don't know Palm
Springs is kind of like a desert area
but it has a resort you know resort
casinos swimming pools
so um they went there for Christmas and
someone had to stay with Bosley because
they're gonna be gone all they were gone
from like 10:00 a.m. all the way till
night but I just I wasn't feeling well I
had a headache and like my body's just
sore honestly and I wanted to watch
basketball so I'm gonna have to stay
with Bosley so I just took whatever I
was like whatever I'll stay home I have
been watching basketball for honestly
about seven hours Bosley come here come
here Bosley okay okay okay
Kawai from SDSU he's from San Diego
State San Diego States about 15 minutes
from here well yeah I've been sitting on
this couch right here with Bosley
watching this is my fourth game ever
since 10:00 a.m. that's that's eight
hours straight and honestly oh my gosh
too much basketball too too much but um
yeah so this is my Christmas honestly I
haven't left the house I left the house
to get nasty-ass McDonald because that's
like the only thing that's open I had my
first Big Mac and I'm not gonna say
what's gross bond just not a fan of
McDonald's that shit's nasty like I
would have never got it but it's like
the only thing open taking Bosley for a
walk and that's about it it's Christmas
so there's not much to do oh I took off
the shaker things the things that made
the weird noise listen no noise oh I
know why you're looking all like nervous
and stuff buzzer because you know it's
time to put you food huh yeah you want
to go get some food
come on I'll pull you some food Bosley
guys honestly why the hell do the Lakers
have a Christmas Day game and it's the
final game of the night you would think
they would put something enjoyable
instead they put fucking Lakers and
Clippers that shit's going to be so
boring to watch yeah let's go Bosley
come here
Bosley you're coming in the garage he
hates it in here guys look I showed this
in my previous vlog but still Jackie
she's been working so much recently
she's had I think one day off in the
last 11 days that's crazy
today she's working both of her jobs on
Christmas Day respect the grind Bosley I
don't know how much
maybe that much a little more for the
fat fuck
I Bosley okay I put some carne asada in
there I never put a lot because Bosley
is too fat actually he looks skinny
right now
come on Basel you want some food let's
go upstairs then he doesn't like me and
he's literally had to be home alone with
me for a while just a couple more hours
Bosley don't worry Bosley what's that
flood guys Bosley and what's that pugs
name I don't know
mugs Bosley and mugs I would have named
him eric bledsoe but honestly the way
the seasons going no whatever I'll just
sit on the floor
so Markieff Morris got suspended two
games and the reason for that suspension
was because he threw that he threw a
towel at our head coach Jeff hornacek
yeah Bosley can you believe that yeah he
threw a fucking towel at our head coach
first of all Markieff is a fucking pussy
okay because who does that
and second the son suspended for two
games I would have suspended him for two
years out of sans as to the d-league
he's a like I don't even want to talk
about it that shit got me so mad up guys
Bosley keeps like hitting my foot and
leading me towards here so I'm guessing
he wants to play with a toys puzzle you
want to play with a toy yeah hey don't
play with the monkey oh you want to play
now
Bodley you're so boring come on we're
home alone for like five hours at least
play with your damn toy guys this is
crazy
James Harden only has two points his
lowest going half of the year yes still
only two points and Dwight Howard only
has three and the Rockets are only down
five two the second best team in the NBA
that's crazy five points combined from
Howard and Harden
still in the game that's why it's a team
sport all right let me tell you guys
this dilemma I'm in right now maybe you
guys could help so like I said before I
hate McDonald's like I love fast food
I'll eat like Mexican food I'll even eat
Carl's jr. I'll eat like chick-fil-a
I'll eat that but McDonald's or like
jack-in-the-box those are just like get
the fuck away from me like No okay and
today it's Christmas so there's hardly
anything open I have to go to McDonald's
okay that was a few hours ago now I'm
hungry again my parents left me with no
food I can't I can't do I can now go to
McDonald's again I'm all I have is a hot
pocket in the fridge and honestly I
don't want to eat a hot pocket I have
nothing to cook I have nothing like made
so on like I don't know should I go to
McDonald's again I don't know because
that sounds so gross but I gotta eat
like I'm in a tough spot right now
honestly this might do the trick
no actually no I got to do it for the
gains I need to go eat something because
I didn't go to the gym today was close I
couldn't work out so I got a make up for
it by eating a ton of food oh so yeah
right now I'm debating whether I should
eat McDonald's again maybe I'll just
have some of Bosley's food cuz his
ungrateful ass did not eat it oh look he
ate only the carne asada and he
literally left all the dog food Bosley
that's not healthy for you
alright so rather than going to
McDonald's I read the bag of Bosley's
dog food and it said lamb chicken rice
um and some others
so this is already better than
McDonald's I mean I haven't had lamb in
a while chicken rice this beef cheese
chicken and pizza this is like a fucking
buffet I swear and then this beef liver
I don't really like beef liver so I'll
add that to the plate but guys rather
than going to McDonald's I got fucking a
lamb rice chicken Pizza beef like I'm at
a fucking buffet I'm so happy right now
Bosley no you're not hitting your food
back your time ran out just give me a
spoon guys I said I would have vlog on
Christmas but honestly I got so bored
just been watching basketball all day
psych not fucking eating this if you
guys are wondering I guess rug didn't
watch the vlog when I asked for a
blowjob for Christmas so or a hair dry
whatever it's called I'm still on this
and yes it still smells like burnt ass
baby powder guys back to the Markieff
Morris situation just really quick let
me touch up on it he literally like he
doesn't talk to any of his teammates he
sits on the end of the bench by himself
he threw a fucking towel at the head
coach his average went from almost 16
points a game last year to 10 he's
averaging 10 points a game this year and
like you could just tell he plays with
no effort no heart no nothing this is a
stir like in the offseason he said he's
not ever gonna play a game for the
Phoenix Suns you want to know why all
because they traded his brother that's
it
they traded his brother who his brother
is no saint either his brother last year
led the league in technical fouls off
the bench got in a shouting match with
our head coach on national TV on and
like they traded his brother and now
Markieff is being a fucking pussy like
grow up you're getting paid eight
million dollars per year to play
basketball he's not even doing that he's
not even playing basketball I hope he
knows if he wants to get traded he's
gonna keep doing this shit no team is
gonna walk
so he's not helping his cause uh oh and
by the way him and Marcus are undergoing
trial right now for three felony assault
and they could be facing jail time soon
I pray that they get the jail time so
they can get the fuck out of the NBA
because players like them don't deserve
to be in the NBA honestly and uh that's
my rant I guess it's done but trust me I
can go way more on the Morris twins but
that's why I need to say right now oh
and by the way Markie finally blocked me
on Twitter I was asking for I tweaked
him every single day cussing him out
telling him to stay the fuck away from
the Phoenix Suns finally he blocked me
thank God okay so I'm not going to
McDonald's I think I'm gonna check if
Carl's jr. is open I already checked if
Santana's MXN was open earlier and they
were closed so on I'm gonna try Carl's
jr. if they're not open honestly I can
just call but I'm making this harder on
myself on purpose for no reason guys
really quick before I close the garage
and leave tell me if you see something
funny who is that oh no he's coming oh
no nope
close garage nope
okay later Baz
I'll be back okay instead of checking if
Carl's jr. is open and wasting my time I
know jack and the crack is open for sure
so I'm gonna go there and honestly
that's just as bad as McDonald's to me
but I'm fucking starving guys this just
shows that I cannot live without my mom
actually no this just shows that I can't
live on Christmas cuz every fast-food
place is closed down the store but you
guys that I'm so happy that sons didn't
play on Christmas cuz there's no way
they could ruin my mood today on not
today sons you could ruin my day every
other day of the season but not on
Christmas sorry as bad as you guys wanna
blow a fourth quarter lead and lose the
game in one of the most heartbreaking
ways possible I'm sorry but you can't do
that to me today
holy shit this is how you know
jack-in-the-box is the only thing open
right now there is no way holy shit it's
so busy
yeah I'm not waiting I'm okay how do I
get out of here fuck it I'm gonna
reverse all the way back thank God for a
backup camera and thank God for no cop
being here right now this it oh shit
backwards bum feels weird this is a
fucking jack-in-the-box best day ever
they've never had this many sales in
their fucking life oh shit Wow fuck you
jack for being the only thing open I
swam by to go McDonald's again guys this
bar is literally the least turnt bar in
the world I'm not 21 so I've never been
inside but just from looking at it it's
so fucking it's like four fucking
Cowboys honestly oh why does everything
have to be closed
any of my fellow youtubers out there
should all flog and drive the shit
dangerous but I just wanted to show that
egos isn't the only thing you could dab
to watch
also not only don't login John but don't
dab and drive because just don't do it
actually one more time okay that's it no
more dabbing and driving okay don't dab
and drive out a stop sign either all I
got it knows what my mind
shit so yeah um I'm too late for
Christmas by myself but uh yeah instead
of going to McDonald's honestly I'm
going to Vaughn's and I'm getting a
sandwich from the fucking deli you got
it like you gotta use your imagination
that's how bad I didn't want McDonald's
I just sat Mike on I started thinking
like what else is there so now I'm at
Vaughan's wait oh my god oh yeah bonds
is open
on my way back I'll dab to some pipe
dodo
oh my god Chanel's here I just saw her
car okay so I guess we're going to see
Chanel in here yeah she now works at
Barnes Chanel football and then come
here for no damn fruit and vegies where
other sandwiches maybe on the other side
not this
this the hose
God who's here working on Christmas Day
I made a whole blog so far I literally
I'm off at 7:00 and Brandon came in at
655 yeah I needed to not go to
McDonald's hey guys so
oh there's Brenna in the bed so I've
been at work from 10:30 to 7:00 almost
off literally this is how I spent my
Christmas and Brandon your boss mr.
weird but no Brandon came to visit which
made me happy gonna go to my aunt house
I told Brandon to come but it's gonna
hang out with Jackie so it's okay
Christmas I got with my girlfriend
people are probably yeah yeah at least
you're not wearing the uniform anyways
yeah this is my outfit for today I got a
sandwich and potato salad I don't care
how it tastes is gonna take more than
McDonald's in your weight you guys I
miss you guys but here's Brandon better
clock out time you go back home or
should I wait for you wait for me so you
can't come sandwich had no mayo it's so
dry I have the worst heartburn those
sandwiches are actually fine
those sandwiches are actually really
good oh you're good eat them for lunch
first you don't have Mayo you yeah we
have a heart attack
we got parkour work right there Chanel
no go now make this a Merry Christmas
alone have a holly jolly curse don't I
have the weirdest Christmas just me and
Bosley home alone watching basketball
yeah that's worse you ain't never heard
of eating a chicken sandwich driving and
dabbing at the same time probably it's
not safe but still
I'm done
actually maybe one more of us but I just
went the wrong way I'm done
no more dabbing and driving I'll pop it
up and drive but and not Davin driver
see if Bosley still alive Oh Bosley oh
hey it's me it's me it's me okay well at
least we know it's still alive
I come home to the Houston Rockets
leading but twenty five and five San
Antonio Spurs whoo and I come home to
the rare side of Dwight Howard hitting a
free throw and Bobby wants to play hey
you want to play now you want to play Oh
see you guys this is how he plays okay
go get it bout to go whoo Bosley's hyper
bring it Bosley give it to me give me
the truck come here
watch he'll come yeah good boy good boy
oh now you wanted wow do I just hit both
oh okay Bosley okay okay okay Bosley
okay okay okay up wait wait wait wait
watch this guy's watch okay Bosley why
do you attack it so slow yeah okay I
know you want to play scam a player
bonded for a little bit all right Bosley
watch the end of the game
the ice Bosley's fed up with basketball
this is about 10 hours of basketball
today watching I mean and Bosley's just
he's over it basel you're over the sport
huh
I know it's almost done there's one more
game after and then now it's time to
take bodily out to go pee
yeah Bosley you want to take a piss
alright Bosley he hates going out in the
cold I don't blame him come on Bosley
it's okay just really quick we'll go
back inside my goal for today was to try
to get Bosley to like me I had about 12
hours to do it 10 hours are down and he
still hates me Bosley it's freezing go
pee okay Bosley now let's go inside he
pees on the weirdest things I swear
literally why are the Lakers playing on
Christmas Day I don't have a fuck about
no tradition I don't care about anything
the Lakers do not deserve to be playing
Christmas Day hey rugs back home so I'm
no longer alone on Christmas slutty
Brenda Christmas I've literally walked
no I just took him out he pooped any
peed puzzle you want you want to scene
or she's right here nor disrespectful
don't use my bathroom next time why you
don't look good oh my gosh Bosley for
some reason hasn't gotten used to pain
pawsley come in clinics cuz that one
time you ran after him these shoes are
really good on this maybe yeah Clint you
fucking lumberjack Oh Shaq guys who does
JJ already think he is look at that half
sleeves tattoo I don't know when he got
it
look Nora he used to be bare skin okay I
was just about to tell them what I hate
I was watching the sons and I mean the
Lakers and Clippers game and I saw stat
I'm reading this word for word
JJ read how do you hold the camera like
that oh my
okay I hate how it look like okay JJ
read AJ right let me read you the set JJ
reddick averages three point nine points
for a game
turn up hold on in the first five
minutes of any game in the last three
years okay and that leads the league of
all players who have started at least 35
games ESPN get the fuck out with that
bullshit what do you listen let me
repeat it of all starters who have
started over 35 games in the last three
years JJ Redick averages more points per
game in the first five minutes of a game
who the hell okay and Eric Bledsoe has a
buckling biggest biceps out of any point
guard who is fun fucking Kentucky I can
make any set up to you nor ever I'm not
saying your heart yeah everyone in my I
don't know what the hell they're there
they're looking at on his hat guys look
at this 3 a.m. if you could tell 3 a.m.
and who's at my house right now North
Stephanie Anthony and rug they all
fucking sent me to go get them food just
for that I'm me Stephanie's fries first
of all okay cut it's Christmas well not
anymore but it was I should not be sad
to go get food I'm pissed I'm just
joking I'm not really pissed but I got
all of them food I guess they're all
spending the night at my house um I
actually went to McDonald's and they
were closed I was about to get
McDonald's for the second time today and
they were closed I went to
jack-in-the-box
as if that's any better fuck is going on
in my house which one Oh jack yeah guys
I was so hyped that jack-in-the-box was
open because I went through two
different McDonald's and they were both
closed at 3 a.m. Anthony come here we
have to eat in the bathroom because
there's no fucking way
there's no room in my room there's no
room in my room and the kitchen is too
cold sore fucking eating in the bathroom
okay so what's going on guys bro wat is
here did he talk what's going on guys
space fuck over here hey I'm gonna put
it in Nora you know how to operate a
camera I thought you were a dumb fuck
hey I bow higher GPA menu Bosley you
ready to go to sleep now
Bosley get away from that don't touch me
I'm here Bosley yes Anthony is a
fuck-boy
how's it come here oh you give me a puff
boy you didn't get any girls oh really
Oh every disease or all do you like your
Christmas gift tis Bosley sleeping by
himself
he turn it off get basel comfy guys look
what time it is
almost 4:00 a.m. okay it's almost 4:00
a.m. and I just got out the ship you
guys can't see me I just got out the
shower of course I got something in my
fucking Islands he's right here in my
ride on the side of his body wash I know
it was body wash because I used the
loofah on my body and then I like went
to wipe my I fucking she was bad Anthony
so awake he's watching top 10 foods that
are deadly
literally literally every single food on
that list Anthony eats on the daily say
good night to the vlog tonight vlog
night bus boy out fuck boys out son's
game in 13 hours let's do this guys buzz
Leigh and Anthony Bosley literally just
came in here threw his ass down and laid
down look Anthony wate leave him my
outro to my vlog I need to edit this
vlog um yeah I said I would have loved
for you guys Christmas day but I did one
anyways
now it's time to edit it I hope you guys
all had a great Christmas and enjoyed
this vlog of my weird Christmas day
pretty much by myself watching
basketball all day
