got this hey guys Merry Christmas Eve
holy sauce I feel like Brian too much
when I hold the camera like this fine
I'm literally you make the quality it's
good pretty dark right you a little bit
how much base Merry Christmas you look
dead yeah guys it's Christmas Eve right
now
Merry Christmas Eve what's up all day
open to looking like an icy look lines
here I know Lawrence don't you feel like
Brian I do feel like I know bondholders
I don't like holding it like this
let's fight it I like you hold it I know
I like it
okay so me and Lawrence are going to Bed
Bath & Beyond I need to finish up
Christmas shopping still it's December
24th
yeah Bosley and I still haven't got
finished Christmas shopping and then
we're gonna go eat my gym closes at 2:00
o'clock today so I need to brush my
workout will turn this on why it smelled
that bad guys Odell is suspended for one
game so we're gonna have a whole weekend
together next week
thank God they suspended you Lawrence
yeah please
where are you going right now Lawrence's
dropping his car off at the mechanic and
I'm gonna follow him and pick him up
after he's getting an oil change
Lawrence Lawrence's last oil change was
what last month like three two weeks ago
okay two weeks father no no no no no no
no no okay Lawrence's last oil change
was two weeks ago and he's already
getting another one today my last one
was nine months ago I need to get one so
much I know I need to go get one okay
I'm following you so just go in front of
me
this is where I need to be doing okay
Lawrence already knows where to go like
this fucking home he literally gets an
oil change like every month
they said he's taking your picture who
is that
guys we get seated we're opening the
menu we're about to order and what did
you say I want to break this critter
from him excellent and you are gonna
want to read this
yes read all this and you want to leave
I want to leave oh my god you want it I
want you but you can't keep doing this
we always at the back we can leave
oh so so he tells it so don't tell them
we're gonna leave Lauren's always does
it I asked you before I said MXN or
Denny Julian is my mind
yeah you can't chicken us for water them
go no we no we either have to tell them
we're leaving or we're staying
oh say oh we forgot my wallet okay okay
my boss all right your portrait
guys I fuckin I got up to leave ugh I
got up to leave and tell them we're
leaving and Lauren said wait I actually
want this I said it's my mother so now
we're staying we don't have to stay or
nothing I do we already ordered the
water Bosley open the door open the door
Bosley hey Mazz we know don't go out hey
mom I need Advil I have such a bad
headache
Merry Christmas Eve no but really I came
home to get pills before I go to the gym
because oh no I have such a bad headache
right now I don't know if even know why
but guys I'm gonna try to show you the
things I was talking about that make the
noise thick here I'm going to either
tape them to the side or just remove
them I'm not sure but right now
Christmas Eve 1:00 p.m. the gym closes
at 2:00 so hey mom
they closed that too so I need to go
right now quick workout I'm only gonna
have like maybe 50 minutes to an hour to
work out so I need to go get my workout
in come home take a shower and see what
the rest of the day has in store for me
I'm gonna work out shoulders traps and
abs Brian's impatient ass forced me to
give him his discs before Christmas so I
gave them to him on Christmas Eve show
them what I got you got him a hoodie a
hoodie from Hofstra honestly I tried it
on and I was debating if I should keep
engines got him something else cuz I
should look sick yeah this one's super
nice and I like the pocket he's black
man I needed black there tell them what
happened to the black jeans Oh Bosley
peed on yeah so remember that video that
look at the bottom I think there's a
stain you have to wash them before Yeah
right there Bosley so remember in my
vlog yesterday when I said Bosley's in
timeout cuz he peed on a present I
didn't want to say whose it was cuz rug
watches my vlogs so Bosley okay yeah
that too it was but yeah that's what I
got bran I got him a hoodie and jeans he
needed new jeans and the hoodie I just
got just because guys I'm dead Brian
what did Anthony just text you
he said I got Brandon Jackie and Bosley
and your mom a gift but I couldn't find
anything for you so Anthony got our
fucking mutt a gift a fucking pug he got
a pug a gift before he got Brian one
like but he's still getting you one
after Christmas he said though guys I'm
like laughing right now because I can't
even tell you where I'm going without
laughing I'm going back to the mall for
the love God it's Christmas Eve and I
guess they're open till 6:00 I didn't
even think they would be open first of
all do you guys like my outfit I was
kind of iffy about this I like if you're
about buying this jacket in my opinion
it's like either you love it or you hate
it like there's no middle either you
hate this and you think it's ugly and
why would you wear it or you're like oh
shit that's sick and I know I just threw
on some blue jeans with it but
yes I went to the gym I just worked on
my shoulders and abs and um cuz they
called that too sly I swear this is
probably the closest I'll ever get to
heaven but um and now I'm about to go
back to the mall I'm gonna finish one
last gift I need one last gift then I'm
done um I was gonna wrap the gifts
yesterday but I got too mad at the
fucking son's game so I have to wrap the
gifts today and give them out tonight I
told you guys you guys thought all
joking when I said I do everything last
second
no I do everything last second so on I'm
about to go pick up who else but Anthony
I say Anthony's like my mall partner
he's like my mall toy so I'm about to go
pick up anything we're gonna go to the
mall and for Jackie you got this I
picked this hat off for her because I
feel like she's gonna look hot in it
some lotion spray oh I rather not show
you guys what's in here um and then I
gotta T MX's right here boom I know she
has tiny ass feet but I think she would
rock these honestly so what's up to them
long yeah where's your stomach I just
want you near that Starbucks with the
name on it well damn Jenny yeah you're
not paying me back as your bro guys I
hope you know when I talk to my little
cousin like this I'm just joking see
junior when I call you a fat fuck like
you are do you get a family
and I can you too I know I should not
have everyone yeah without Molly on that
damn order L&L Hawaiian barbecue right
now
what am i doing I'm 20 years old hanging
out with my how old are you I'm
fortunate 14 how old junior shut up
okay I know that is Anthony his friend
I'm still shopping for gifts I don't
know what the fuck went to the bar okay
so somebody opened the bag no and I can
feel the need to eat that yeah I ate it
he ate it he knocked it was carved he
ate it wait knock into the cardigan
Volvo woman knocking good three years oh
my god what if you turn a cab nickname
boggling I burn man good
Avon's christmas gift shopping first of
all don't ask him I always have on by
raining so stand right here yo what up
guys my name is Patrick I'm big fan of
this getting kind of me on Facebook too
and my brother he says won't talk to me
about brother what school do you go to
Alan I keep on the lanai I just get all
your from Illinois yeah fan from
Illinois that's how I do guys so this is
why you don't eat birdseed from the
grocery store open what look in my
throat and then what were you doing oh
that shit stuck in its own me uh-uh
control it didn't stop at Markieff
there's also Marcus hey Marcus I'm sorry
I'm not team full yes I'm not seem full
you could keep bashing the Phoenix Suns
organization I hate the more swings I
hate the more swings so much here these
200 jail green I miss him on the Suns
Alex Lannon I still love him don't worry
he looks like does he there's my cousin
Amanda first time on the HD camera we're
about to go to her house to celebrate
Christmas Eve and open gifts I got this
for my cousin Stephanie
I have to wear a belt because there is
gonna be girls at this Christmas party
so I gotta just in case anyone tries
anything I'm I'm fucking blocking and
then they look and it has a front screen
yeah okay uh hey guys I ran out of gift
wrap so I didn't wrap Stephanie's gift
I'm just gonna give it to her straight
up I want to record her reaction I read
hey JJ runs Laurie Stephanie not coming
why why I know
Wow to vlog a definite he's not coming I
got her gift I'll get ya guys this is my
other cousin north from Texas sorry
holy shit same exact video no cuz I'm
almost done
Oh who got the panties that's probably
for Mandy the ho
you already know oh oh is that your butt
is that your because I think I want like
it I like do one yeah this one okay
Brenda's gonna bring with you
it's time to open gifts yeah that's a
little showy I mama so max wait nor in
our camp those are my two cousins from
Texas yeah yeah this is Jessica's dad
they look so much alike
when Jessica doesn't wear makeup that's
what she looks like behind the scenes
rug standing like a girl
Oh Molly
Jim why is your cousin
my grandma you arm the bed Oh Merry
Christmas
okay there's how you say Merry Christmas
everybody that means I don't know how to
translate that we're not gonna guess my
favorite part about being Christians
gypsies all the fake reactions from us
okay I can't wait
from pipe it up for me one another one
another one another one
all for me bless up hey camera whore put
the phone down
oh yeah no I have a job and I'm doing my
job
Mandy is just a camera boy red job boy
oh oh my gosh that's so many gifts Jen
you know Jerry Smith Jeanine Oh Jerry
Smith are gonna walk out of here oh okay
we don't have all night
oh god I'm gonna take it to cheetahs
after this just break that up into ones
and we'll go well the great one great
let me know how long you're gonna live
keep drinking that we stay classy
thank you wait better guys we got the
face from wine target yeah who's playing
the slabs
guys the first time pigment that smiled
and it's worldwide
Mandy has one marking attention whore
has one more than I'm over credit look
so hot wait we're moving I have to get a
cool this one is from I can Arkan oh god
well cameras on and I opened my oh my
god oh my god wait that's actually them
listen 12 and 19 13 to the west way let
me shit okay let me see you put on
weight yeah you're the one you got me
the upside down member oh yeah I got you
whatever okay that's what I'm the best
camera person get the face what are you
doing on I'll get the base Michelle from
this is from my mom and dad what is it
is it Cologne look Calvin Klein Cologne
on your we got a Jackie
okay we're now trying to close pinkies
up Chuck we're gonna get him after this
josh is to me from said Stephanie's not
here no no I think she got in trouble by
repair but should they let her come I
don't know why she didn't Merry
Christmas
may Xmas may xxx okay bring it you don't
you don't have to exactly I know
oh yeah oh my god you kidding me oh I
know what this is doing this is equation
there pine go ahead okay smell like shit
yeah good man do the thing love my god
Drizzy Drizzy one direction see no I got
here lucky I got stuff on one direction
toothbrush from Dollar Tree it's too
late if you're reading this it's you
this is from hey oh yeah everyone pay
attention spent a lot of time on this
one gonna be a pain in the ass every
news video not much on him okay
can I explain every day okay hold on
hold on first time because every day he
cries about his muscle pain okay go
muscle rub for my lower back well it
takes a few or something I will yeah big
gays Redgate that's one yes calls
Newall's because I know you freakin love
that drops you guys already know about
that do I do you think there's no cute
guys you want to know why you gotta just
watch look just from the nose but don't
even give this a she needs three there's
more okay net and stent whitening teeth
so I before you go out with Jackie you
know whiten your teeth
he got me whitening for my teeth I don't
know what he's talking about
wait I think I've in my pocket on item
okay so first of all fun thank you
I mean your next semester is gonna be
Winston okay Anthony thank you okay you
just stay in my ear
well look who showed up I ran out of
gift wrap but it's right here a One
Direction calendar guys so Jackie's
family got me wireless headphones thank
you so much to them and then Jackie got
me
look at these how fresh are these she
said she wants to fix up my shoe game so
she's gonna tell me these janowski's I
like the laces and he also got me a
jacket or like a yes she also got me a
jacket that's upstairs and then she says
oh she says she has a gift coming for me
it's coming in two weeks and she said
that when I receive it I'm literally
gonna flip out
and she said that Lauren so that it is
and he says that I'm gonna flip out so I
can't wait to see what that is either
but um oh yeah look I made this for us
well no I made it for her but then it
came out that it came out looking too
nice so I told her I was gonna keep it
myself
let's see we were gonna open gifts like
for my parents cuz they didn't open them
last night but rug is still sleeping
we're waiting on him to wake up
I work on the TV that I'm gonna be doing
all day just watching Christmas Day
basketball but I got my dad this mug the
letter R for his name Ron honestly merry
Christmas to everybody to all my subs
all my fans all your guys's family just
to everybody in general Merry Christmas
and I put out a vlog for you guys I
think five days in a row I made one for
Christmas Eve which is the one going up
today and I'm recording Christmas
morning but honestly for today today I
don't think I'm going to vlog you know
Christmas Day I think I'm just gonna
relax for a day and let you guys enjoy
my previous content and this ball going
up today
but no really Merry Christmas to
everybody in thank you guys for helping
my channel blow up because it's honestly
amazing I just hope everybody enjoys
their day
he thinks it's like his dad or his
friend
okay Bosley okay my dad got I mean Brian
got my dad assured that I do not approve
of you know got your mom a flower you
think my mom would just be content with
flowers
let her oh now she's happy thank you but
not yet there's something right here oh
no she's not gonna be happy with the
first dad where's mine
thank you guys Merry Christmas
Bosley can't reach his face thank you
you're welcome
Oh
