it looks like I'm going to heaven I wish
this was a sign that I was going to have
been honestly but um I just want to say
that I found out what that really
annoying sound coming from my camera is
and everybody noticed in my last vlog it
was really annoying like a shaking sound
you guys thought it was the lens or
something inside the camera it's not on
the side you know how in a kit on a
camera you can get where the strap
around your neck so you could record it
has I don't know why this camera put
them on the side but the clips that you
put on and they shake when I move so but
I didn't find out until after this vlog
so the vlog you're about to watch is
gonna have that same annoying shaking
noise and I apologize but I'm gonna get
those removed today I'm gonna do
something about them maybe tape them or
something
so I'm we're not gonna have to deal with
that noise anymore but I just found out
what it was but thank you guys for
watching this upcoming vlog anyways and
I hope you guys enjoy
a key to success washing your face and
brushing your teeth every morning
another key to success chapstick
obviously you always keep your lips
moisturized okay and I got one more key
to success this morning just right over
here right here
my final key to success on this
Wednesday morning is to upload a vlog
early to keep your fans happy so as you
guys see 40 minutes left for the upload
and then about 34 process and it's only
10:20 a.m. so I'm putting out another
early vlog for you guys
mom cameras coming down oh wait wait I
got one last key to success key to
success is telling your mom happy
Anniversary on her 22nd anniversary wait
we have a problem though my dad said 23
years don't worry I trust you no I
didn't tell him that he said 23 long
years yeah you probably gonna return him
oh yeah family came home not even that
late like 11:30 yeah but you would love
the house like you love in the series
hey em I know Bosley father's ready to
fight look at his hand what mom I'm
getting Bosley a Christmas gift too
today's the last time won't you MA no
today yeah I got him a beer bummer
yes mom I have I know I wish I didn't
have to go but after mmm
I will guys if you don't get the keys to
success references from DJ Khaled
snapchat story he's lit he's hilarious
but uh yeah I've just happy birthday to
my dad I'll call him what did I say okay
happy anniversary well it's my mom's
birthday in like three weeks anyways but
still guys so I'm really going to the
mall again today for the ninth time or
tenth time in the last four days because
today's the last day took Bosley don't
look at me like that please he keeps
staring at me but um yeah today's the
last day to go Christmas shopping
because tomorrow and Friday the malls
are closed for Christmas Eve and
Christmas so I have to knock it out
today I'm going to the gym how many
times have you guys heard me say this
let me just say it I'm going to the gym
to work out I mean to play basketball
and then workout after how many times
have you guys heard you say that but
that's not alive so yeah I'm gonna eat
my food that my mom made and go to the
gym go to the monster eat get ready to
watch the son's game okay well I'm gonna
go put my sauce and shoes on and go to
the gym guys Bosley just took a piss in
my room on one of the bags that had the
Christmas gifts in it and now he's in
timeout stay there right there bah Glee
he literally he way in my room lifted
his leg up on a bag that had a shirt and
jeans for somebody that I bought and I
don't think it went through the bag but
still Bosley don't move okay
he's peed in my room at least like two
or three times in the past week and I
don't know why stop being bad okay
you'll get out of timeout when I go to
the gym I put on one pair of socks I
need to put on one more yeah I know my
jacket the sons play the Nuggets tonight
and the Nuggets just lost to the Lakers
last night so the son should win this
but honestly I've been saying that about
the sons fucking like every game of the
past week they should win this they
should win this what happens lose you
don't know what this means it's exactly
11 o'clock and they start playing
lunchtime but I saw like 11 15 guys the
good news is it's not that rainy or
gloomy and San Diego anymore I hate the
rain I've said that before and yesterday
was pretty bad but today is like it's
kind of clearing up yeah I got my shoes
on not about 15 minutes to get to the
gym so we're gonna go right now new vlog
processing Bosley out of time out I
swear his time out is just his regular
life all he does is sit and sleep
anyways just got back from playing ball
the weather is clearing up I knew San
Diego will go back to its regular old
ways or to what's going on in my house I
seen my dad's at work and my mom's not
home
it's just Bosley and rug Oh Brian did
you get these flowers from my mom really
from where who reminded you yeah I knew
he were lying I reminded myself
he got my mama michael kors grandma
purse yeah are you naked
where's Bosley okay go over there don't
worry I'm not mad at you anymore
he's still scared of me when I put him
in timeout Bosley come you want to watch
the card you want to go up and watch the
cars but how excited he gets he used to
be able to get up himself when he was
younger yeah yeah now give me a kiss
see that's nice oh yo crew Olay that's
it yeah it's nice though forty bucks a
hundred forty bucks I could have got
that from Goodwill for three dollars
guys so I was about to go to the mall
alone and then Anthony texted me saying
that he wasn't doing anything so I'm
picking up Anthony right now and we are
going to go to the mall together and I
swear this is a lot of time I'm going to
the mall before Christmas I swear sup
bitch let me see your ID okay get out of
my car I'm joking
Anthony stay looking fresh we're gonna
go to Fashion Valley outdoors Oh
platelets are hanging I know
still here
strange drop me my Christmas gift
I just got Anthony a gift I said
honestly just fucking pick something out
and let me buy it like and that's it he
picked a hoodie or like a zip-up jacket
guys there was some pretty nice shit at
Hollister I wanted to buy and then we
walk we come we look at the line
we got the fuck out of there honestly
way too long guys look hugs in constant
oh my god this is really buzzing more
positive and Bosley do not timeout
anymore don't worry people probably
think I'm crazy guys I don't know if you
could see no I don't think you could
but somebody wrote on my car it says
fuck my youtube asshole
so I told you guys I met a lot of fans
over here today and I guess one of them
knew who I liked where I parked or
something damn nd they can't see it read
it just fuck my youtube asshole okay
guys I mean guys we left the mall after
almost three hours here guess how many
gifts wait why isn't this focus one gift
focus camera guys I bought one gift one
that's crazy and now we're like leaving
look at this line look to get out of the
mall come on there's a son's game I'm
gonna make it it's in like 45 minutes
but still sons verse nuggets what else
is like oh yeah of course the time I
come here after the jam not dressed
fresh not like she after playing
basketball I swear I run into like six
of my friends guys if you're wondering
why the cameras facing this way is
because all my Christmas gifts are that
way
on my bed and it's time to wrap gifts
December 23rd nighttime the day before
Christmas Eve I do everything in the
last minute bug on my Christmas shopping
done Brian don't come in my room my
brother's Christmas gives her over here
true so he can't come in my room on
really quickly if you guys follow me on
Twitter you would have saw me tweeting
about the Suns how terrible they are how
I haven't watched a team this bad and
here's how this team is embarrassing
they were down by 22 at home to the
Denver Nuggets in the first half
half time we're down by six I don't know
what coach told us during one of the
timeouts but we're down by 22 to a
Denver Nuggets team who's missing
Emmanuel mudiay Yusuf Newark itch and
who else
I think Wilson Chandler they're missing
like half their team we come out down 20
to our home it's crazy but we cut it to
six so we better complete this comeback
I was who so done like I was fucking
pissed
but yeah it's time to rock Christmas
gives 7970 to start of the fourth
quarter Suns down by seven Oh can they
complete this comeback please God so I
could enjoy my Wednesday night the day
before Christmas Eve
oh my god you see that are you fucking
kidding me
at least Wow Fleming 59 oh this is not
jumping water why mother fucker piece of
shit we sucked in the fourth quarter
plane D you're fucking getting socks on
Dean now how do you win the game on your
down you score points to come back it's
called the sport of basketball oh my god
play basketball running offense he's
dribbling so much what was that grand a
night get the fuck off my team fuck you
yes guys now that I could finally hold
the camera after that sons loss the
terrible sons loss
Oh Dell sleeping over Lawrence laughs
one more time and I'll kick you all you
sleep outside you've laughed one more
time
he's laughing cuz the sun's lost it was
soldiering looking bad honestly and I
don't even want to talk about it right
now I couldn't even pick up my vlogging
camera for hours because I was so pissed
I'll let I'll talk to you guys about it
tomorrow because honestly I'm just gonna
sleep it off but just know that this
team is fucking going no they're going
go shut the fuck I like to say they're
going down down down down all the way
down into that dream that's where
they're going this season and it's
embarrassing but I'll give you guys more
thoughts tomorrow Bosley get off Odell's
bed once your hair's worse than drugs
wasn't your lineup is so bad Bosley just
literally wiped all his hair on your on
your bed yeah I'm kicking you out
possibly want to sleep on Lawrence today
what are we doing it's it's like 2:30 in
the morning yes
Lawrence Lawrence can you come down to
eat with me
come on because you took up the foul is
going to eat okay fine I'll be waiting
downstairs
why do you know okay
I'm eating my come on Lawrence H after I
stop recording and then you can get why
I ended this vlog I saw a saint Merry
Christmas Eve to everybody to Bosley
Bosley Merry Christmas Eve tomorrow's
Christmas and you get your toy okay a
new one and Merry Christmas Eve yeah I
just wanted to say for end of this vlog
Merry Christmas Eves to everybody watch
my videos your families and just
everybody in general look at the weather
in late December in San Diego sunny it's
great but yeah before I end this vlog
I'm gonna show you guys the gifts I
called Lawrence they're in his car so
he's gonna get them right okay let's
check out what I got Larry for breakfast
I mean now for breakfast it's for
Christmas
haha Lawrence you dumb fuck you got that
stuck in my head
yeah Wow my shoes are so dirty shit yeah
but how long have you had yours yeah I
have not okay yeah but I didn't get it
from there
I got Larry to clothing items first one
well I know because you're like fed you
up he likes long sleeves he told me like
long sleeves like last week so it's got
yeah it's a new phase in his life okay
he likes that one from that's from
Hollister no that one's from cotton on I
had to get you a cheap one yeah that's
the baseball tee one yeah that one was a
good price so that one had to be cheap
okay mine is upstairs guys and Larry got
me one Oh actually Lawrence only got me
one t-shirt so I'm gonna have to return
oh well okay fine it's right here he got
me an active t-shirt it's the colors of
a California license plate I don't know
he's trying to say like maybe to drive
better or something but thanks Larry he
ripped off the price tag so I don't know
how much it was guys I just wanted to
say like if you guys know me you know
all my vlogs come out the day after so
for example by the way I have the camera
ain't good like this because I have the
gifts on my chair in bed so I don't
really want people to see them but my
vlogs come out a day after so like for
example the vlog you're watching right
now on the 24th was recorded on the 23rd
my Christian sees look Christmas Eve
vlog is gonna come out tomorrow on
Christmas and then my Christmas vlog the
day after so don't think oh he didn't
even make a Christmas Eve vlog blah blah
that's gonna be out tomorrow but um yeah
thank you guys for watching and Merry
Christmas Eve again
