got this still using my old camera till
my new one charges no but don't turn
around
haha hey buddy okay my mom made me a
breakfast burrito and some air but me
that you guys won't know what it is
there's what's inside the burrito mm-hmm
and potato oh and potato and coming off
on the other no thanks and coming off
another sons lost last night mom we
might have to give Bosley away because
he might be the bad luck Bosley you
might be the bad luck for the sons huh
no yeah guys I'm gonna go to the gym
after I eat I'm gonna lift for sure
because yesterday I had a really shitty
workout because I was just like worried
about my tires so I'm gonna lift for
sure and mostly what there's no son's
game today so I'm free all day except I
have plans with Jackie mom we still
didn't finish Christmas shopping no I
hate I've spent literally like hundreds
and hundreds of dollars are you guys
let's check out the weather on December
22nd 2015 here in San Diego
you guys know sunny nice oh wait never
mind it's not sunny San Diego it's rainy
windy San Diego today but what do you
expect it's late December um
yeah like I said I'm about oh shit who
bought these
damn rug went out yesterday he went all
out these are sick
I'll give them props for those although
I like low tops better but like I said I
just want to lift today because playing
basketball gives me shitty workouts and
I'm already gonna play later
so just in case they want to try to
tempt me to play I am NOT going to bring
my basketball shoes I'm gonna bring my
workout running shoes and also I didn't
wear double socks so I'm just gonna say
no imma say look I died on my basketball
shoes I only came here to lift i'ma go
buy a pre-workout because I'm definitely
not in the mood to lift so that should
help me get in the mood and driving safe
with my new tires right there
but yeah time to go to the gym I'll
catch up with you guys after basketball
courts in there I'm staying away someone
just yelled my name they were like
Brandon come play and I was like no I
can't so hard to say no but middle of
your workout you can't stop and go play
ball that's like a workout killer I
swear but I told you they know
basketball is my weakness so they try to
tempt me they say come on Brandon we
only need one more I'm just like no not
today so tempting to play I can't do it
come in okay and the first scene on my
new camera is none other than Big Boss
oh he wants to wipe his face I want to
try the front camera father wants to
give me a kids cuz I'm sweaty from the
gym I know you want to buzzy hey give me
a kiss
fuzzy
have you heard of toothpaste guys do you
hear that music Rosita
Oh Bosley why'd you sit you really want
to give me a kiss yeah you guys hear
that music
Fetty WAP Brian's listening to music in
the shower he always has concerts in the
shower Bosley guys I'm so proud of
myself I actually turned down playing
basketball for once like usually even
when I say I'm just going to go lift I
usually still end up playing basketball
cuz it's too hard to say no but I
actually said no oh fuck
I have to go drink my protein shake come
here Bosley guys honestly ever since
maybe the past month or two I've only
drank my protein shake one time and
that's so fucking bad I swear I need to
start drinking more god I can finally
see what's being recorded I love my mom
and dad thank you guys for the camera
okay so um I'm gonna use almond milk
because it kind of tastes better
hello
have you guys miss Jackie in my vlogs I
haven't really been recording around her
but um we're gonna go to the mall soon
so I'm gonna bring my camera okay
original almond milk with my car oh yeah
oh no I hate when you have to pop it up
and then she always works all over my
face oh well this time I spilled on the
floor cuz I'm literally fucking stupid
put the milk oh wow I am definitely not
ready for this protein shake it's been
way too long but you got to do it
gold standard 100% whey protein oh let
me check the flavor shit it's shit
flavored
okay everyone scoop shit think I put too
much oh well I need the gain I just
worked out so good that once that
pre-workout kicks in holy shit like you
have the best workout of your life I
swear I'm telling you if you're not in
the mood to workout take a speech out
you don't even need all the I only drink
like half it comes with a huge
stomachache but it gives you such a good
workout okay I need to get rug out the
shower cuz I need to shave and shower Oh
Bosley what you want to weigh yourself
no I don't want you depressed for the
rest of the day you should stay away
from the scale come here no way Bosley
you're gonna break the scale you're
gonna break this pill he's scared of
rain look wow it's still so gloomy out
and it's raining even harder than it was
this camera is so clear I love it what
were you singing okay if it's not Fetty
WAP I don't care but listen came home
like I just got home so I could like
shave and shower and get ready but
Brian's literally having a concert in
the bathroom like he has the beats pill
and everything so I might be a little
late then yeah I'm gonna rush by now
because he's out he's listening to late
nights I don't know since when he
started listening to that but he's been
in there for a while so I'm rushing up
for what
damn I've been listening to good music
since before I even knew who you were
yeah you're the one who's asked me to
listen to that before
guys there's no weird that my cousin
lives right there like that's his house
right there my cousin and aunt and then
Jackie lives right there it's weird and
I didn't know until the first time I
ever hung out with her I turned in this
cul-de-sac and I was like no way like
what UPS is that my Christmas gift from
Jackie no no okay never mind I put on my
cousin's house Jackie's house it's
pretty weird but okay there's Jackie and
Aitch Dee she's even more beautiful in
HD I'll she's not coming with me I guess
it's still raining super it's activating
super hard now and I can't see anything
so me and Jackie this might be the last
time you see us
but I'll have my mom take over my
channel
I shouldn't talk about that yeah we're
like I guess five minutes long and I
still can't see anything I have my
windshield wipers on level crazy right
now
and
why is it raining so hard in San Diego
why okay Jackie refuses to be my vlogs
so you guys are still on you guys are so
bad from seeing I get literally one in
my here I'm like addicted to chapstick
literally like my lips are used to it so
bad that I left my traps to got home so
I'm buying this I'm in line just to buy
chapstick chat so happy
Jackie literally won't let me put her in
my blog on the line
hey can you hold this
I went like two hours without jab see
okay just for that I'm literally gonna
record you to me
become autism it's literally not like
shoulder to shoulder
I just dropped Jacky off because she has
work at 6:00 and I picked Anthony up and
show them show them the streets on my
way back to the mall you can close them
so freaking on my way back to the mall
because while I was with Jackie like
yeah I bought some things I bought a
gift for my friend Lawrence Odell and I
bought something else for rug screwing
with something I bought something else
for rug but I didn't buy like I don't
know
so now I'm back on the way to the mall
and look I don't know how this fucking
song yeah I don't know how this I've got
my itunes and my sound familiar
it's a real life log stock we're happy
to get out
I say we'll catch you later yeah well
I'm not
this is my eighth time going to the mall
the last three days eight times
random still not dumb pretty lucky you
fuck national international date okay as
you guys can see it's been raining all
day and it's still raining but not as
hard as it was earlier we were at the
mall for two and a half hours Anthony
tell them how many gifts I bought one
one fucking gift one I'm pissed
so now I don't know what to do tomorrow
because I'm playing basketball and
lifting in the morning and then there's
a son's game at 6:00
and Jackie's friend's birthday at night
that we're going to so honestly if I
don't know I'm gonna have to do
something about the rest of the gifts I
didn't buy
ah yeah I mean at least I got some
people knocked out of the way but
someone commented where's Anthony been
like in the vlog silly yeah guys I got
recognized by so many fans or
subscribers at the mall it's amazing I
love it I swear
Anthony got recognized by one too what's
going on
I came to drop Anthony off and to my
surprise rug is here what are you guys
gonna do make a video for a while oh
yeah I think it's for tomorrow what's
the challenge you don't know I have no
idea okay so I guess they're making a
challenge video watch for that okay it's
from Ellen I can't oh yeah guys I'm
about to go home and wrap the gifts
peace out Antoine guys so you already
know about my coffee shop addiction
which me and Jackie we loaded on a pack
of 80 today brand-new ad pad um focus
camera old kiss okay there uh you guys
know about my gym addiction you know
about my son's addiction you know about
my fast food addiction you know about my
Fetty WAP addiction but I don't think
you guys know and this is a serious one
like you know that all the other ones
are kind of jokes chapstick like my lips
honestly got so u s-- wit that on camera
focus he keeps trying to focus on Jesus
Christ he's awesome but the vlog is
about me okay so um like my lips just
got so used to used to it cuz I can't go
like I can't go 20 or 30 minutes without
chapstick I have one in my gym bag one
in my room and one in the side door of
my car but somehow I've been losing them
so like at the mall I actually had to go
to a store and buy chapstick just
because like I couldn't go without it my
lips are like they're so used to like
like you know how people gotta bring
their keys they gotta bring their phone
with them yeah I got up and go stuff and
I always have chapstick in my pocket
it's weird but
it's true honestly guys I'm honestly in
shock that I haven't finished Christmas
shopping like it legit pisses me off I
went three days ago I went to the mall
three times three different times in one
day two days ago I went twice and today
I went twice and I'm talking about like
back and forth like going there go back
home to do something or go to the gym
and go back at seven times in three days
and I'm going back tomorrow because I
just like I can't find the right gift
and I've been to different malls and
like you know you buy something you're
second-guessing you return it or you
just like look at something and you're
like like I don't know so I've never
spent this much money or time Christmas
shopping I'm really going all out this
year
oh no I stopped to buy Bosley something
too you guys might think I'm crazy but
I'm buying something for Bosley so I
still got a few more people and 11:41 PN
19 minutes away from December 23rd and I
remembered that my mom and dad's
anniversary tomorrow I literally almost
forgot um December 23rd is my mom and
dad's anniversary and something just hit
me like cuz it's um Jackie's friend's
birthday tomorrow shada so shout out to
her happy birthday so I was thinking I
was like December 23rd that sounds
familiar
oh maybe there's a son's game yeah I'm
right there's a son's game but that's
how what I was talking about my mom and
dad's anniversary I just remembered so
and I'm gonna just give them their
Christmas gifts as an anniversary
Christmas present both at once
you can't spoil them and give them a
gifts on the anniversary and their
birthday doesn't work like that but uh
yeah I'm not sure how many years that is
maybe 22 or 23 years but a happy
Anniversary to them and this isn't fair
if I did forget I would have had an
excuse because they have two
anniversaries May 3rd and December 23rd
because they got married once back home
in Iraq and then they got married again
over here so that's kind of
interesting a fun fact but yeah happy
Anniversary to my mom and dad and i'ma
tell it to them when I go back home if
they're awake
tired
as you guys just saw my mom and dad are
both asleep so I'll be seeing happy
anniversary tomorrow morning cuz I don't
want to wake them up but um anyway
that's going to wrap up the vlog with
the new camera guys I could just tell
it's so much clearer like I love this
camera thank you to my parents again and
now yeah I mean I'm going to the mall
tomorrow for the last time it's like I
have no choice because Christmas Eve and
Christmas the malls are closed so
tomorrow is my last chance and uh yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog for what
is out peace out guys
almost 1 a.m. what time is it
12:55 time to edit this vlog for you
guys watch some basketball and go to
sleep I'm out of energy tonight you guys
goodnight
