got this guys look how sad is my life so
lunchtime basketball they start playing
I like 11:10 or 11:15 and I woke up sort
of late and I just I love playing the
first game don't ask me why I just love
playing the first pickup game so I came
I drove over to chick-fil-a got me
literally three chicken strips that's it
just three chicken strips because I have
to eat something I was hungry and I
didn't have time to eat at home
brought my basketball jersey on the go
so I have to wear it at the gym you
already know I got my left shoe tied my
right one not yet and um yeah I'm about
to eat in my car really quick and then
drive to the gym just so I can go play
lunchtime basketball so hopefully nobody
sees me
in my car alone eating by myself and
listening to me doze
but yet and then after I play bass all
I'm going to list on my chest and tries
and then I have a haircut appointment at
3:30 I'm gonna be at the gym for like
four hours up I'm not
I'm not sure why they gave me a fork but
I think it's a sign so I'm going to use
it anyways I don't even care if anyone
sees me anymore honestly I'm eating with
my windows down it's too hot
mmm it tastes better with the fork
honestly um so I got most of my crisps
huh
check out most my Christmas shopping
done like I got like half of it done and
I'm going I went to the mall fucking
three times yesterday and two times a
day before I'm talking about back and
forth like going once coming back home
going twice five times in the last two
days I'm going back again today maybe if
the Suns win if they lose I'll be too
depressing i'ma stay home but if they
win I'm going back again
I just finished Christmas shopping um
it's December 21st
time is not my friend right now
if you know anybody anybody or have a
friend who is mess around with them a
pair of sisters or maybe a trio of
sisters I'm not sure what the case would
be you send them this song just dedicate
this song to the real sisters is by
future
that shit's hilarious I'm gonna play
right now just for a little bit just if
you know anybody who's messing around
with a pair of sisters just just tell
them to listen to this song
can't forget coughed rub can't forget
the workout gloves for after ball and I
gotta change into my Jersey right now
hopefully no one seems ok guys so I
finished playing basketball and lifting
but before I go get my hair cut which I
definitely need it's been nine days
first time I've gone over a week without
getting a haircut probably in like a
year it's fucking hot um I'm gonna go to
the mall to finish Christmas shopping I
doubt I'm going to finish but um I
bought Jackie's gift I bought half of
Brian's half of Lawrence's I bought my
cousin Stephanie a gift I bought
something for my mom something for a
Jackie's mom it's like I just need to
finish up and I know what I want so it's
killing me but I'm gonna go to the mall
right now before I get cut and yeah I'll
try to bring you along but my camera's
low on charge and I don't have my
charger with me all right guys so just
like I told you I was going to go to the
mall as I was saying that I don't know
if you remember but about last month I
told you guys that like I needed new
tires and I needed an oil change and me
being the idiot that I am I still
haven't gotten that done and I was about
to leave to the mom one of my homies
from the gym came up to my car and he's
like he's like wow your tires are so
bald I can't believe your tires haven't
fallen off yeah and I was like I was
like do it honestly I need a new kind
she was like no you need someone
pronto ball-ball you just told me all
this so it kind of hit me and now about
my
to the tire shop to go get some new
tires so yeah I guess I'm lucky that my
tires haven't fallen off my car I'll
record them before I get them done and
you car people could let me know how bad
they really were we I'm on my way there
right now instead of the long pair of my
tires they're so bald it's like I don't
know
I don't know if you guys can tell but he
told me that they're really bad
especially on like the inside it's
really bad okay so he just gave me an
estimate for my tires it's gonna be $450
honestly that's not bad for four new
tires so I took the deal and now I gotta
wait thirty minutes before they even
take my car in um he says gonna take
like an hour to actually do it so I'm
gonna be here for like almost two hours
honestly this place looks hidden like in
the back of a bunch of business
buildings
this isn't the worst vending machine
I've seen in my life
literally why
sup Anthony Davis my team just be your
team a couple of days ago guys fuck
again I got uh I don't know if it's
shampoo or toothpaste what the fuck or
face wash I don't know what got in my
eye by the way it's my right eye last
time I said I got in my left eye this is
my left I'm you fuck I'm using my
computer webcam so it switches it up I'm
not done um I just got my cut if it
looks weird because I just got out the
shower but you know fresh on the sides
fresh on the back I left the top I think
I'm gonna go the top a little bit and
just keep tapering the sides fading the
sides and back but um oh I forgot to use
a blow dryer yeah in case you guys are
wondering I still use this maybe rug got
me one for Christmas Oh God
it still smells so burnt like burnt baby
powder but um anyways what I was gonna
say I jog almost 500 dollars on new
tires and I still need to get an oil
change and I still need to get my brakes
checked but at least I knocked out one
of the things oh I forgot
look at these hold on look at these holy
shit you guys were wondering official
Phoenix Suns official Phoenix Suns
basketball shorts they're alternate
jerseys they wear these on Friday home
games every Friday home game they wear
the orange jerseys with these orange
shorts um I'm sure you guys saw them in
rugs video but I was going downstairs
yesterday morning and like rugs door was
open he wasn't home and I just looked
inside and I see these orange shorts on
his bed like not wrapped not anything I
guess they were my Christmas present and
I was like I was like uh do I act like I
didn't see them do I like do I take them
and I first I was gonna act like I
didn't see them and you know open them
on Christmas and be like oh thank you
you know the right thing to
but these were literally screaming my
name they were screaming my name to come
wear them so I just had to fucking go I
ripped the tag off put them on I even
sent Brian a picture and he was like
what the fuck and I was like eh you
shouldn't have left them out you
shouldn't have left them out like that
but I literally love these like I was so
happy when I saw him they're authentic
to even the sides are stitched I'm never
wearing them to play basketball I swear
I'm too scared they'll get messed up am
I gonna wear them around the house
that's it Thank You rug I love you for
that guys so my two cousins and my aunt
came from Texas last night they came
from Houston Texas and they're staying
here for over two weeks on vacation what
the hell just found my goat cheese um my
cousin Neuer my cousin our kin that's
Gollum boy and then my Aunt May who's my
mom's sister they live in Texas and
they're Houston rocket fans so I'm
bringing over our kin the boy he's
watching the sons game with me the sons
are playing Utah at six o'clock so I'm
about to go pick him up and he's gonna
watch him he actually likes basketball
he knows a lot he's I think I want to
say 13 years old around there he
actually plays basketball he's pretty
good for his size you wouldn't expect it
but um yeah he's a rocket fan I know I
got a lot of Houston rocket fans as my
subscribers so you guys could connect
with him but um yeah they're here they
came last night we all got together at
my grandma's house a and everything and
so I'm gonna bring a count over he wants
to watch the game with me and he watches
my video so he knows what he's getting
himself into
he can't complain once I go crazy I'm
using my webcam right now to record
because my camera is dead I'm about to
charge it my dad's watching family shoot
let's see how they react when I record
with my laptop
this is so weird my new camera haha my
camera is dead
look at it
yeah I need to charge my camera for sure
but uh you guys saw Steve Harvey on TV
and if anybody watched whatever Miss
Universe whatever the hell that was last
night you guys know that Steve Harvey is
fucked up badly the chick he fucked up
on is suing him for $5,000,000
$5,000,000 intensest before the game
starts and he says that he has a
Christmas gift for me so I'll vlog him
giving me that we have to do this I just
felt bad for whoa don't worry actually
that's all bad for you and you were
holding the TV and recording with so I
have to give you your Christmas gift or
lays that okay is that okay I didn't
know my pains have gone me a Christmas
gift yet honestly how am I supposed to
record this with a webcam so hard okay
so for Christmas I get diabetes and
thirteen cavities and it was magic now
the real gift is Bosley actually liking
you oh I love unwrapping gifts and guys
it's December 21st so why are we doing
this for some reason when you open it
we'll tell you what okay cuz you're not
gonna be here I'll open this one sir
okay so this is a selfie stick dad okay
I guess my dad and mom whoever goes from
you nose nose over here knows that I
love taking selfies look at my Instagram
but I don't know if you guys can see
it's a 90 percent selfies so I'll put
that to good use that should I open this
one now guys I've got a new camera I
just got a new camera for Christmas dad
thank you
well that because when you were holding
that laptop I just felt bad I go I'm
gonna let my son John yes it has a front
screen yes guys thanks to rod he told us
for you really yeah thanks rug in this
house oh my god mom every gallon
everyone's gonna love you guys they
always come out in my videos yeah get a
new camera get a new camera so yeah and
it comes with a dozen oh my gosh yes I'm
sure
happy that's how it gives if you fall
about Instagram just expect so many more
selfies because of the selfie stick mom
is this the same one as Bryan no they
have the same as Bryan but I didn't get
it because I told him for videos uh
honey this is better for me look finally
I can record like this finally is it
you're happy yeah I'm so happy I needed
one how long have I been asking for one
I know II said I hope we didn't get one
I hope thank you to my mom and dad for
my gifts the only thing that can make
today better is the sun's beating Utah
which is probably not gonna happen
because the Suns have been failing me
all year now we can charge that right
now
wow I'm so happy and these shorts
everybody me it my cousin I can oh
neither can the Rockets fan out telling
you guys about this is jr. my fat fuck
cousin okay um the sons are down by 11
at the half they honestly are playing
like shit they're playing like straight
shit Brandon I got benched for Devin
Booker and PJ Tucker got benched for TJ
boring that's okay you know
PJ Tucker for TJ one that makes sense
but Ben and I got benched and Devin
Booker okay so our con got me two
Christmas gifts here's the first one
oh there's still more oh there's more
here's one Tyson Chandler playing card
he's not in a son's Jersey but
regardless he's a Phoenix Suns player
and I love him so I love this card next
this player isn't a son Jersey okay let
me read you guys the bio really quick
the former Jayhawks is quickly turning
into a go-to player for the Santa good
one huh
good one good honest when he scored 35
points to lead the Suns to a 107 100 win
over the Cleveland Cavaliers his peers
took notice although let me add that was
before he turned into the biggest pussy
in the line that was when he was still
sane superstar all-star everything he
played unbelievable he was our force
tonight said former teammate Goran
Dragic again I at superstar all-star
everything you he played unbelievable
um end quote before he turned into the
biggest pussy in the lead Markieff
Morris
ladies and gentlemen Markieff Morris
okay yep Markieff Morris you know who
did Markieff Morris I can thank you for
the gifts I thought you're gonna punch
me out don't worry but yeah there's our
can so you met one of the siblings that
came you guys still have to meet nor his
sister who just got smashed
who just got smashed why do you have a
dirty mind I'm talking about basketball
happened to my team yep smashed by the
Jazz of course I'm about to go to the
mall with Jackie to finish Christmas
shopping
yeah shopping you're gonna go play
that's outside freaking favor it's a
wallet guys i Loki like my outfit I want
to show you guys Monday Night Football
while I'm watching the sun's get whupped
on oh they cut it to 13 they were down
by 21 just when I said the sun's cut it
to 13 they're back down by 19 but once I
watch the sun's finished losing I'm
about to go to the mall with Jackie and
we're both gonna finish up our Christmas
shopping we both got gifts for each
other so now we could go shop for other
people together we didn't go to the mall
together because we wanted to get gifts
for each other guys I Loki like my
outfit I want to show you guys I bought
this hoodie from cotton on last night 15
dollars for this I love calling on are
you gonna give me this for $15 probably
cuz it's so plain but still yeah so I
look like a hobo
well low-key with the watch slide on no
I like this outfit I'm about to head out
once the Suzy
Oh
