hey what's going on guys Broadus mba he
oh wait no it's me rug obviously and you
guys are probably all wondering what I'm
doing on Brandon's channel in his room
right now well you know if you guys
didn't see on my channel I uploaded a
video well he uploaded a video called
hacked and it was basically him and
Lawrence on my computer tweeting stuff
from my account changing my youtube info
all this stuff they just hacked into my
account and um I think it's time for a
little bit of revenge Brando is not here
right now he's at like the gym playing
basketball or something and I thought
this would be perfect perfect to get
some revenge and I'm on his laptop right
now and wait there's a password oh yeah
wait I dunno it because he's told me to
upload his videos like multiple times I
do know the password
see if he's changed it though oh we are
in we are in Brandon bro Odysseys laptop
let's go alright Brandon I appreciate
you keeping my upload streak going but
what you did tweeting on my account
changing all my YouTube stuff no that's
no it's my turn now it's my turn so
first thing like hopefully still logged
into like his Twitter and stuff from
here I'm sure he is but let's go to do
this
alright I I know the first thing that
I'm in a tween ok so look at his room
you know the sun's the Phoenix Suns he
loves the Phoenix Suns talks about the
Phoenix Suns all-time tweets about them
well you guys didn't know the Los
Angeles Lakers is his most hated hated
team he hates the Lakers if if anyone
says the Lakers are better than the Suns
anyone says anything about the Lakers
he'll go off on them so you know I
thought of a perfect tweet here let me
just set the camera down real quick no
longer a sense man anymore officially
back to being a Lakers fan he's gonna
kill me he's gonna kill me here we go ha
ha there it is uh-oh what else he got in
here I'll check in history oh oh oh ok
yeah yeah I don't think I could show you
guys on camera here yeah I'm definitely
all right Brandon all right wise you're
done for that one what I've been hitting
for that Brendan's gonna kill me people
actually think it's him when he tweeted
on my account people were like oh this
is bro wat is this is Brandon is Brandon
alright let's let's go to his YouTube
just change the top of the description
here we go you know what my brother
messed with my Instagram - please tell
me he's logged in he's logged in baby
let's go alright edit profile hey
I hate the gym or I output I hate
working out even though he loves it I
hate working out number one Lakers fan
mmm he said he said something was porn
for me so porn equals life oh wait hold
on
porn
equals life safe changes I hate working
out number one Lakers fan porn equals
life oh my god he's gonna kill me what
else do we got to do here what else
obviously we're gonna put me in the sub
box I mean
there we go oh the best brother in the
world that's me I wonder if he's gonna
notice that I like men until he watches
this video but like I said I understand
you're trying to help me out with upload
Street but what you did was not good so
you know I had to get you back for that
one and let's see if you've noticed that
ability if he tweeted or anything okay
Brandon really needs to like update his
YouTube channel like he doesn't even
have a channel description alright I'm
gonna make this real quick guys I just
made a quick little description hey I'm
Brandon I really hate going to the gym
I'm a number one Lakers fan hashtag I
bleed purple gold alright guys I think
that's enough messing with Brandon for
today because I'm going to get my ass
beat when he comes home probably so eric
bledsoe is his favorite person on the
Suns ah
there we go all right that's enough
damage for today Brandon oh wait one
last thing one last thing okay alright
there we go new desktop background he's
gonna kill me but yeah I'm about to
upload this on his channel sweet revenge
hope you guys enjoyed drop a like if you
did and yeah Brandon and Lauren's don't
mess with me because I will get you back
especially you Brandon you did all the
damage so yeah this is just revenge hope
you guys enjoyed and it's been rug and
I'm out peace
