what's going on you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and today while hold on
it's really hot ah I just turned on my
fan but outside it's like 50 or almost
maybe like 60 degrees but in my house
it's really hot cuz the heater was on
and I'm wearing this jacket but um today
I bring you guys a story before I saw my
story I just wanted to say really quick
that yesterday the Phoenix Suns beat the
New Orleans pelicans which is why I'm in
such a good mood Eric Bledsoe dropped 29
points and eight assists Alex Len came
off the bench and gave us 19 points and
13 rebounds 19 and 13 off the bench so
uh that brings our sons to 12 and 16 12
win 16 losses which is nothing to be
proud of but with the way the West has
been this season that's still only less
than a game out of the playoffs oh the
Suns are right there in the thick of
things another thing I want to say is uh
I was thinking of a few pranks last
night cuz I haven't done one in a while
I think the last prank I did was on my
mom when she came back from Vegas the
pretending to be drunk so I was thinking
of pranks whether I'm gonna do it to my
dad to my mom to rug one of my cousins
maybe my girl Jackie I don't know who
I'm gonna do this prank on but I was
thinking of one I was thinking of a
couple and I don't want to spoil it but
just know that a prank is gonna be
coming soon on my channel um one more
thing before I start this story oh yeah
I haven't done a challenge in so long
I've done challenges before on my
channel those are long ago so I've been
planning to do another challenge maybe
as soon as tomorrow I don't know but I
want to do a challenge real soon anyway
let me get into this story so on this
story is gonna be about how I got caught
betting with my parents money on
basketball when I was in high school and
I have to give just just listen to this
story so on 2010 I was a I wanna say
sophomore I was a sophomore in high
school you know
and me as a sophomore not only was I
already young both at 15 years old I was
4 foot 10 okay I was some short chubby
kid I was 410 so I'm short chubby kid
you know I just a weirdo you know I
don't care I'm admitting it right now I
was just some weirdo and nobody really
knew me I didn't really have any friends
maybe like one or two friends and um I
obviously as you guys know now I'm a
basketball mastermind I know everything
about the NBA so um I would bet okay I
would bet throughout the year with some
people like you know do you want to bet
five bucks on this game yeah okay I
would win here's the money okay that's
it playoff time came around and I
started getting a little cocky okay
I started betting more money on playoff
series not just games I started betting
money on playoff series maybe like 50
bucks to series 40 bucks a series and um
you know like I was winning and I
remember the Memphis Grizzlies were the
8th seed and the San Antonio Spurs were
the 1 seed that the 8th seed had only
been in the 1 seed one time before an
NBA history ok I was taking bets for the
Grizzlies I chose the Grizzlies to win
and everyone's like mainly all the
seniors in that school I remember
seniors and juniors the people older
than me are like oh this little kid
doesn't know shit about basketball I'll
put 50 on the Spurs I'll put 100 on the
spreads I think there was a total of
over $500 on that series ok the Memphis
Grizzlies upset the San Antonio Spurs
without rudy Gay
rudy Gay was out for Memphis I won that
I won all that money ok and obviously I
was 15 years old like yeah I would get
allowance from my parents but that still
wasn't my own money it was technically
to my parents money but uh so I'm like I
was winning that and people started
finding out so more people started
betting with me and so I started betting
more playoff series and I would win not
as many people wanted to bet with me
because they saw that I want
and they were starting to realize like
oh maybe this guy knows what he's
talking about but I was up I'm telling
you guys about six or seven hundred
dollars and when I was fifteen I didn't
have a smartphone so I couldn't keep
these tabs in my notes
you know iPhone users we don't I didn't
have that over there
I had like a flip phone so I had a flash
card in my backpack and it had
everybody's name and like how much money
and everything in the series me being
the stupid kid that I am had that flash
card in my pocket you know one day I'm
coming back from school this is after
maybe doing the second round of the
playoffs so I was up six to eight
hundred dollars somewhere around there I
think I only lost one playoff series
some playoff series from the east and I
want every other one the big one was of
course the Grizzlies and spurs and um
you know like my mom washing my clothes
not wash my clothes when I was 15 years
old
sees that paper okay all these names all
this big amount of money like like I was
15 years old I'm sure I have fixed you
know year old viewers imagine you guys
betting up to close to a thousand
dollars on basketball games with people
you barely even know like I don't have
any friends in high school these were
random people my mom and dad got fucking
pissed at me like this is our money I
don't care if you're winning I don't
care if you're losing you can't gambling
is addictive like like all this they got
pissed off and I was just like I was
trying to say like at least I won like I
thought I lost you guys won't believe
this they forced me to give money back
to the people that I want it from and
I'm just like are you kidding me like
okay I'll stop betting but do I have to
give the money back and they're like no
yeah you have to give the money back
blah blah
you know I'm sneaky I didn't give all
the money back I gave it back to some
people which was bad enough I won that
money but my parents were pissed so I
had to give that money back and if it
wasn't for my parents catching me
honestly who knew who knows maybe I'd be
a millionaire by now honestly I don't
know but
I mean that's pretty much the story of
how I got caught betting in high school
and again I just want to say because I'm
sure some people from my high school are
watching this video and being like oh
yeah I remember that this is all they're
gonna be being about their head some
little kid some little midget like four
foot nine four foot ten middle eastern
midget like coming up to us saying hey
do you want a bet on the game they
thought I was stupid they were like yeah
we'll bet on that bah bah little did
they know I knew what I was talking
about and they found out the hard way
but they got their money back so I guess
lesson learned from this story is I
don't have a lesson learned I guess not
to leave an important no cars are trying
to hide from your parents in your
pockets I guess that's my that's my
lesson to you guys and also my other
lesson is if you know a lot about a
sport take advantage of it ok so that's
pretty much it
today's Saturday and my um my subs know
that I get haircuts every single
Saturday but I have some tragic news
my barber is out of town today and
tomorrow for he's doing something in
Vegas I'm not sure what so not only can
I now get cut today but I also can get
cut tomorrow and this is the first time
I've went over a week without a haircut
and I'd say I don't know maybe a year so
I have to wait till Monday to get cut
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed that
story
I enjoyed telling it I did not enjoy it
at the moment uh I don't know leave a
comment what you guys think I know
people are gonna say oh I wouldn't have
given any of the money back but you know
I wanted to listen to my parents for
once now I'm just joking but uh yeah
anyways I hope you guys enjoy the rest
of your Saturday and bro wadis I'm out
