got this boy stay there guys
Brian just got word that he's going to
this like red-carpet event in Calabasas
and I picked out his outfit but I'm just
gonna let these Brian you literally look
at like you're seven foot three really
yeah no but really he's gonna dress up
with that blue dress shirt right you
should wear a bowtie I might have one
really yeah he's going to a red carpet
event in Calabasas I don't know who the
hell he thinks he is but Bosley wants to
go to but I would come like but I have
other plans for tonight guys I'm editing
this video right now on Twitter of
course because I'm Twitter fingers all
the time wait I'll see how you look well
shit my camera's oh go just rip through
it guys I told him cuz the house that
the red carpet event is in is next to
the Kardashian's house
if he sees Kylie Jenner yeah go go go
don't break I want this I wonder if he
sees cut here I'll take it off for you
wait let me just blog
if he sees Kylie Jenner he's literally
gonna rip his pants off chase her fuckin
just slide it in right away that's what
he's gonna do I swear I mean you don't
need to try this chase her down just
take it off I'm gonna go get me subway
how long haven't I ate subway like who
eats subway Felicia I'm actually going
through
let me see it look at me guys you know
mr. Furley from Three's Company Brian
looks like him
oh man Brian's lucky though he's gonna
vlog the event for you guys yeah um yeah
I have to check if I have any bow ties
and then after shave Brian's neck hair
for him cuz he got hasn't gone a haircut
in a long time
yeah oh my god nah so weird seeing rug
dress-up Brian I need to go to Subway
when is quite gonna be here for 30 rug
gives no fucks today bye where's my mom
okay I need to find a place to charge my
phone oh right here I guess there's a
son's game today at 7:30 and that's on
ESPN sons versus pelicans except look at
that buzz look how cute oh fuck me break
it down Brian are we going to Fetty WAP
and Bryson tiller
I think only Bryson I don't like what
muffin Hey no he's not fuck you okay
I'll be going to fed you all by myself
but um well did you shave just in case
Kylie Jenner why drop the shade you can
use my razor for a good look wait why
are these so big I know you need to wear
you need to know you need to worry about
Noba like from the bottom and yeah well
I don't know the mood if it just if it
looked like like this you look like a
fucking clown that wears the seven foot
sticks on their legs
I've never seen rug this happy
see collagen what are the chances that
you see her guys
he keeps saying Kylie I swear the only
reason he's going is to hook up with
Caitlyn Jenner true true still getting
ready guys I got invited by my cousin to
go with them not by your head of money
okay but I got invited by rug because
he's allowed to bring someone but they
told me way too last-minute so I'm not
yeah ma che you can't
um mom Brian has to not only shave his
face but something else in case he finds
a girl there it's okay buttons it's too
if you're wearing like a tie or a bow
tie you're probably need to use them for
the bow tie my stomach hurts oh man guys
I Loki wanted to go a red carpet event I
don't have time to get ready it takes a
while for a man that looks this good to
get ready go son's bow tie a bow tie
nah no low time no ya do a bow tie guys
my dad's height no you did not
fugly tell him to open the door dad
Bosley wants to see you he's crying
you're not what did my mom do to my dad
all of a sudden now we're not allowed to
record him in his pj's all because of my
mom
oh oh okay Bosley hold on dad Bosley is
really waiting outside because he was
wearing these tight ass pajamas not
tight as in sick I mean tight like deuce
mom you're gonna break the door go
Bosley go okay he put on a robe so I
don't record him in his thermostat
wasn't that cold but what was that it
literally looks like a onesie you can
you can see it through there hey why are
you running here like that boy oh it's
cause he smelled the subway I'm
uploading my blog
Wow why do you use my sink
dad sons beat the Warriors dad you're
not even wearing it like oh my dad's wha
oh my gosh how much fish you want so no
I'm eating my dad has to sit away from
balls because Bosley doesn't let him be
Bosley what are you looking for what are
you looking for huh he's probably
staying up the girl ghost the hose
probably naked on the bed
come here Bosley dad sons beat the
Warriors last night I can't believe that
give you guys another day of skiing on
Friday I know me neither
after that showing I thought they would
never give the sons another nationally
televised game in my life I don't know
do you have to wait this is not supposed
to welcome Bosley doesn't let my dad get
he's just gonna sit there and stare at
him and try to get on the couch okay so
when I go to Subway I get two 6-inch
sandwiches one is tuna which I just
finished and I honestly don't really
like the taste of tuna I just get it
because it's a bunch of protein and
calories so I eat it that's mostly for
like muscle building that's why I eat
that this though this is fire I get
Turkey which is right there with
provolone cheese and I get it toasted
then I get lettuce tomato cucumber don't
be fooled by the onions
I got onions today but I usually don't
and look I'm already taking them out
because I don't know what possessed me
when I asked for onions but I don't like
onions
so lettuce tomato cucumber turkey cheese
toasted and then I get salt pepper oil
vinegar and then I get mayo and then the
one last key ingredient is honey mustard
I don't know why I get it but I get it
and it tastes good I'm about to eat that
oh this videos taking so long to upload
I'm just trying to let the winners of
the giveaway know that they want
dad you're not on family feud my dad is
an elf Bodley get away from him my dad
watched his family he gets mad when I
talk during the question during your
lifetime name someone who has told you
to remove your pants my dad watches this
and acts like he's on the teams my god
yeah his girlfriend wife Maude
my dad said you've never told him to
remove his pants swim coach yes they're
from Penn State we gonna okay so I
started eating it and I tasted something
that I forgot to name
avvocato you have to add avocado I can't
believe I forgot to mention it but I
started eating it and I was like what
the hell is this and then I realized
that I get awful kado - how excited why
hmmm this is why I say getting fresh
cuts just in case in situation happens
like this you always stay fresh Bosley
oh my gosh leave him alone
first game OKC against the Cleveland
Cavaliers so ok see who has won six in a
row and they're the third best team in
the West going up against the Cavs were
arguably the best team in the east
honestly this could be a Finals matchup
obviously assuming the Thunder beat the
Warriors or Spurs which is unlikely but
still there's a chance behind the scenes
of Brian's Instagram picture guys my
brother looks hot ok take it with the
camera yeah
Oh guys I need a camera with a front
screen so I can flip and record myself
because I hate recording through mirrors
but that's the only way that I know what
it's recording and how it looks a
Christmas tree one more week
this whole vlog is about you getting
ready going to Calabasas guys my cousin
cleaned the one that was on the news
that I showed you guys a little clip of
last time Bodley shut the hell up Clint
you look fresh that's my navigation
whoo-hoo looks better rug or Clint
where's my beautiful talking about you
rock what's up
lovely who's that Claire how drunk are
you getting tonight see not at all
because you have to be responsible for
networking at a red carpet you don't
know you're clean so what exactly are
you doing at this event is a party for
what the Real Housewives of OC and it's
in Calabasas and that's where Drake live
Calabasas clay I like your beard thank
you some mark
yeah where is minding looks from yeah
Clint you have a Markieff Morris beard
let market force is that that's the guy
that I hate the sons I like the
chandelier install this yes I shouldn't
be standing under him my uncle is the
best at home home decor is the best
every day something new
oh my brother's vlogging
let's go cross paths where is what we
love claims so much I love you guys hey
he's all that in mind to see all these
huge event
Claire's who's gonna get Brian laid guys
my brother has a definition of what are
those look at this oh my god oh my god
Ali say how give you like an inch No are
you really gonna wear them no oh yeah
they give you an inch but that's not
where you need the inch yeah they're
leaving with Clint let me go say bye I'm
about to shower and get ready I'm gonna
hang out with Jackie tonight Clint I was
gonna come over last night and then
there was a son's game I watched the
sons get killed by 40 oh no yep damn it
clay has been with me throughout my life
as a sons fan he knows my struggles
Claire how young was I ever since I was
getting depressed from the Sun what
seven literally everything I was a
little boy yeah you listen to Bryson is
our listen to think Clint listens to
Bryson tiller claim Bryson tiller is
coming to San Diego a day after Fetty
WAP we're going to both I had a dream
no wait this kid was your dream of Fetty
WAP medium without a world and many
offset song from persons you had clay
had a wet dream MF anyone that was so
hot oh my god I put any sheet oh I've
had those of SOS Clint Brian's literally
going for a chance to do something with
Caitlyn Jenner mom I learned from you I
learned from you that's for all of rugs
condoms hey I want everyone on the
internet to know drug is a good kid so
okay what's so to have sex to be cool
but it's cool to have sex mom guys
they're going with Miss Lebanon no way
Stephanie who beautiful Maalouf
Stephanie Malou Stephanie Maloof miss
Lebanon is going with them let's show
you a picture let's see a picture of her
let's see what rogues gonna tap tonight
Clinton's mom I'm gonna kill me missed
Lebanon wait let me so this will be rugs
date to the rug she's an aspiring
Victoria's Secret model
she's gorgeous how old is she she's only
18 Wow
was beautiful Bosley he just peed on the
broom again that's his favorite place
Bobby you're not a witch clay try to pet
him try to pet him why are you in on a
room
but that's the fastest he's ran in his
life yeah look at he's breathing hard
already saw my violin
hey that's a fascist clan driven in life
- I Bosley guys look at this they
literally have to take this chick away
on a stretcher cuz she was sitting
courtside and LeBron ran into her
obviously accidental but full speed look
at this that's crazy you don't see that
often damn I hope she's okay that was it
looked hard boom Steven Adams is so ugly
LeBron's like I got to make this play
Wow
guys OKC is down five with 58 seconds
and it's their ball they need a score
here or it's game over
Westbrook boom at this point people
think I'm crazy but I swear I'll take
Westbrook over Durant especially when
you factor in the injuries oh wow wow
wow wow
guys Cleveland was up by 8 with less
than 2 minutes left
LeBron's pissed Westbrook 15 with the
game Oh foul Thompson foul Thompson
oh shit Wow Wow
what just happened
he tried calling timeout and he lost the
ball look look look he tried calling
timeout yeah I know but you Tristan
Thompson that's what you give an ear max
contract - that's what you pay max money
for for a player to lose the ball with 6
seconds left in a three-point game Oh
guys I lost so much respect for Tristan
Thompson this offseason like he's
literally one of my most hated players
because of how greedy he is he's the
definition of a greedy fuck max money
right there and he's a 50% free-throw
shooter so he's too pussy to get fouled
no offense to the Cavs but I hate
Thompson
oh shit Westbrook oh we got to take that
Oh game the greediest Tristan Thompson
wins dad he's the guy who missed half of
preseason and didn't go to training camp
to try to get max money guys I just got
out the shower and honestly like I had
shampoo in my left eye I can't remember
the last time I took a shower without
getting shampoo in one of my eyes I'm
literally like once I step in that
shower I turn into like the biggest dumb
ass in the world sometimes its face wash
sometimes a shampoo even toothpaste has
happened before
like it's crazy but yeah the Cavs just
won and honestly like wow my eyes like
still read but um I'm pretty sure that
girl is in the UH in the ambulance
praying that she broke a few bones
imagine how much money she would make if
she gets like a few broken bones because
of getting crushed by LeBron James
her and her boyfriend are probably like
please find something wrong with me now
I'm just joking but I hope she's okay
and I'm sure everyone in the arena hope
she's okay that was pretty scary
honestly but I'm about to go to Tilly's
right now with my cousin Anthony you
guys all know him I don't even need to
say the story fuck boy Anthony but uh I
might have to bring him a gold chain to
make him even more of a fuck boy guys
remember how my dad locked himself in
the room so I didn't record he ran so
fast when he heard me trim I came on
that he sprained his ankle dad see what
happens when you turn into my mom and
don't let us record in The Pajama you I
said you have to ice it before you go to
sleep make Bosley ice it for you okay
well I guess no painting or putting up
chandeliers this Sunday or fixing cars
or fix or fixing cameras it's just
sitting and watching Arabic soap operas
I'm out fellas
time to go see Anthony
I'm honest roll out the dough shit
amazing my gasps shit
I definitely need to pump gas the gas
light's about to come on soon guys you
know those people who when you're on
your way to pick them up
you have to text them literally five
minutes in advance saying I'm outside
because they don't come out on time I
feel bad for Anthony because I always do
that to him I text him way early saying
I'm outside and he's always ready watch
he's gonna be outside how much on a bed
watch I need to stop doing that to him
I'll do it to everyone else cuz y'all
motherfuckers lag but see he's right
there I'm telling you guys Anthony I was
just speaking good about you I'm serious
I'm serious
just move on my car's dirty as fuck oh
shit Anthony honestly I know I know I
seen the bag out I'll go down in there
yeah you don't want to feel bad but I'm
just your people saying how for everyone
else I lines down outside so come out
and I do that for you too but you're
always outside on time so I don't know
why I do it to you yeah
Eric Bledsoe
his average 22 points a game boom right
there
it's a bitch so thank you sorry bro
can't do it haha
no wonder why you're so fat for 22 a.m.
and I'm about to upload my vlog for you
guys I want to go to the gym around
10:00 or 11:00 so I know I'm not gonna
have time when I wake up so I'm gonna
edit it for you guys
I'm literally dead tired I just want to
sleep but I'm about to edit this vlog
hopefully doesn't take too long but I
don't know yeah guys I swear Bosley's
upset because Bryan's not here Bosley
I'm your owner - it's okay it's okay
Bosley okay guys I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog here rugged still in Calabasas he's
coming back today but I'm not sure what
time and I'm gonna be on my way to the
gym right now because it's like 11
o'clock I'm going to play some lunchtime
basketball then I'm going to work out my
back biceps and abs actually I did ABS
yesterday so I don't think I'm going to
do that but back in biceps for sure okay
Bosley enough being sad be my friend
