10:23 a.m. can you guys guess what I'm
gonna say next I'm on my way to the gym
what's new um oh there's road violence
you don't want to be in the vlog just
keep on moving he's too sick and has I
think has a flu or like a virus
oddly sleeping mine's my mom sleeping
okay so everybody's sleeping bomb about
to leave to the gym okay so yeah it's
almost 10:30 and in a few hours I'm
gonna be using this to pick the winners
of my giveaway I'm gonna be putting the
tweet URL right here pick random retweet
and I'm gonna do that three times so
it's gonna have three different winners
for the three different items and you
guys can check this website out in case
you guys think I'm doing anything fishy
picking anybody specific you guys can
check this website out yourself it's
legit so oh yeah and let me show you
this which did not turn out to be a
pretty game but that's fine because I
didn't expect anything different guys
the sun's lost by 25 but the game wasn't
even that close honestly we were down
40-plus so you look at that we came back
in the fourth quarter we were down much
worse okay the Warriors put up 46 points
in the third and do you know how many of
those came from klay Thompson 27 points
in the third quarter for Klay yeah guys
I'm saying the Suns game did not turn
out pretty but um if you follow me on
Twitter you guys already know I was I
was tweeting like joking before the game
I was like god bless me god bless my
soul because I knew did I know it's
gonna be that bad no but I knew the Suns
are gonna lose someone just turned the
heater on but um yeah klay Thompson put
up 27 points in the third and at that
point I just got on my bed and I was
like on my pillow I was like guys the
Suns are up by 4 with 4 minutes to go in
the second quarter the Warriors then
went on a 5215 run let me repeat that
sandra up by 4 and the Warriors went on
a 55 0 to 15 run that's that's crazy so
on
yeah the Suns were actually in the game
the whole first half and then BOOM
I don't even know happen but I'm over
that game that's what happens when you
play the Warriors when they're coming
off a loss they were already oh no I'm
done with that game but um yeah in a
couple hours I'll be picking the winners
for my giveaway t-shirt g-shock watch
and Jordan Air Jordan shoes good luck to
everyone who entered
let me check how many retweets that has
hey so was still a few hours left for
the giveaway it already has 2150
retweets
um that's crazy
I wish luck to all the 2000 plus people
who entered and yeah I'm about to go to
the gym I'm not playing basketball today
I played basketball probably every day
for like the past 6 or 7 days and that
results honestly in shitty workouts
because I play for hours maybe two maybe
three hours and then I try to lift right
away and like your body is just after
like three hours of straight running
cardio basketball there it's almost
impossible to have a to have a good
workout your workouts always end up
shitty and you just feel like I'm home
so today I'm just gonna lift I'm hitting
my chest and triceps and do some ABS and
then after that I'm gonna go to the mall
with Jackie we're gonna do some
Christmas shopping because guys
Christmas is in one week how the hell
that came so fast I have no idea but
that doesn't matter Christmas is in a
week and I have this many gifts and I
have this many ideas of what the gifts
are gonna be so I'm pretty much screwed
I have to go to the mall today get the
gifts and yeah my semester is done and I
would tell you guys how I did on finals
but every time I like like it's always
opposite of what I say if I say oh I
think I did pretty bad on that test
whatever I get the test back and I get
like an A but whenever I say like oh I'm
pretty sure I did good on that test I
studied and it was easy I come back with
an F so like honestly I'm just gonna
wait too
see my grades but yeah my semester is
done I guess six weeks off and I'm
freaking like I'm I'm so happy honestly
so uh good luck to everyone who still
has finals today because I have a bunch
of friends where today's your last day
and mine was yesterday but uh good luck
and I'll catch up with you guys later I
should give away the the dryer the
hairdryer that Brian broke but I still
use honestly I should give that away I'm
sure a bunch of people would like to win
this the hairdryer used in rug and breh
wadis is prank that's funny my old
elementary school guys I swear I ran
that basketball court ever since I was
in kindergarten I ran those courts
hey jela mentoree school
wall ball and to square I didn't do shit
I got my ass B and all hope I made it
don't worry guys but yeah I swear I ran
those courts for all six years of my
elementary school career
guys I know you guys know me better when
I said I was gonna go to the gym you
guys already moved that man I was gonna
go get a burrito first eat that and then
go to the gym
oh yeah and today okay I tweeted this I
tweeted this a couple of days ago
I tweeted that I'll pay someone $10 per
day if they can fucking force a protein
shake down my throat like I don't care
you could hold my mouth open and spill
the protein and I don't care how you
guys do it but I'm honestly not drinking
my protein shakes and that's terrible
because I'm lifting consistently and I'm
not seeing the results that I want and
it's because I'm not taking any protein
like honestly you guys would be
surprised taking protein and eating are
actually they're more important and
they're harder than working out itself
you could work out every day and if you
don't eat right or drink your protein
you're not gonna see results so um yeah
if anybody wants to take on the offer
$10 per day - I don't care you could you
could do whatever you want just get the
fucking one scoop of protein inside of
me once a day
okay guys so before I get my burrito
Jackie was tweeting a lot today so I
replied I was like you're so fucking
twitter fingers today stop it and she
replied saying I haven't had my
Starbucks yeah don't even start with me
it was so long I almost got ran over but
so yes i Wang got her starbug's I'm
gonna go bring it to the school for her
because she's studying she has one more
final like I said some people aren't
done with finals so she has one more
final so she's at school setting right
now
shit so sweet I don't drink coffee I
don't know how people do it but yes I'm
gonna give it to her at the school who
made streets like this it's going on
but yeah so I get her Starbucks and all
I ask him to return is for her to let me
pipe it up I'm just joking oh oh maybe I
should know I can't even reverse who
remembers this song there's a definition
of old-school slaps but yeah I'm at the
school now Miramar college like I said
my semester ended yesterday everyone
else's ends today's okay I'm gonna stop
recording because I swear every time I
vlog and drive I get into a near car
accident guys I'm wearing my backpack
just so I fit in my Phoenix Suns
backpack if you guys can't tell there's
my backpack okay so the Starbucks has
been delivered and now I'm on my way to
go get that burrito which after that
I'll be on my way to go to the gym and
after that I'll be picking the three
winners for the giveaway mmm I'm in
school everybody is watching me record I
always feel so awkward when that happens
everyone looks at me
guys this is random but all just
thinking about it if it wasn't for the
Warriors the Spurs are literally like
they're playing historically good
basketball I think they're no I don't
think I know they're undefeated at home
I'm not sure if they're 14 and 15 in our
home
they got five losses on the year they're
like I think 21 or 22 and five and Kawhi
Leonard is fucking like
LaMarcus Aldridge averaging 15 a game so
you could say shit I gotta make this
slide I gotta make this why
holy Sh I'm such a bad driver okay so I
made the life
okay got the fiber applied for uh like a
driving job whether it's like dodges any
job that involves driving the instructor
would probably look at me and spin I
probably look at me in my face but uh
yeah LaMarcus Aldridge who you could you
could say all the Spurs are doing so so
good because they sign LaMarcus he's
averaging 15 a game it's I'm not sure
what it is it could be Kawhi Leonard's
improvement oranges because they're the
Spurs and honestly they love that Golden
State is getting all the attention they
love it they'd rather fly under the
radar and not be talked about but yeah
watch out for the Spurs honestly the
Warriors are getting all this talk and
hype and rightfully so they're the
defending champions and there's still
the best team in the league not saying
the squares are better but watch out for
San Antonio I can't wait till they play
guys look not today because I don't have
time but right there the post office
that's where I'm gonna be opening up my
PL bugs and I'll do a fan mail for you
guys an episode maybe like every two
weeks depending on how much mail I get
I'll be receiving it in that car right
there
Oh
guys this app dap if you download like
all the mixtapes that come out and this
to whom it may concern' by trey songz a
loki goes that's what i'm playing right
now so yeah like for all the hit singles
and the new albums that come out such as
the fetty wap deluxe album or what a
time to be alive with drinkin future I
use Apple music cuz they got all that
but for mixtapes people don't release
their mixtapes on Apple music so you
gotta get that pip and like just the
other day cabin fever 3 came out ways I
down to that Chris Brown release fuck I
need a camera stand Chris Brown released
this mixtape a while ago before the
party it has 35 songs 35 it's pretty
oh no that's a long ass mixtape honestly
but he's Chris Brown so he does what he
wants do you guys ever get home but
you're listening to a fire song so you
wait til the song finishes before you
get down that's what I'm doing right now
Marty home rug is here my mom is here
full house
watch she's gonna get mad cuz she's in
her PJs and I'm recording she hates that
shit see she just waved her finger mom I
saw you honestly why on that let's go
inside let's go inside fatty fuzzy don't
worry guys he doesn't like he's only
following me because he smells this
what's that Bosley oh you got your own
food me too what do you have Bosley mine
is better than yours I'm sure my mom has
her fish and rice she thinks she is my
mom think she's healthy guys my
brother's making a Call of Duty video
right now and my dream one time is to
catch him in an adapt moment I'm sure
you guys all know what I mean and I love
that a little bit I want to catch him
doing that one time yeah mom I'll throw
it away hey well my mom just
behind the theme guys it's a struggle
truck hey bud Lee I was gonna say to
struggle trying to get Bosley to come in
my room because he literally does not
listen to me I want you to be my blog
okay so he's already trying to make his
escape but I'm not letting him go yet
Bosley say what's up right there right
here oh my gosh Bosley I'm not impressed
with your booty get out I don't know
what I did to him like if he thinks I
killed his mom or or I'm the reason we
took him away from his family I don't
know what he thinks I did but he
literally hates me
okay but yeah I just wanted to say that
um before I go to the gym I started
editing my vlog because I'm uploading
this today and I realized that my hair
has been like messed up
throughout most of the vlog and I just
wanted to apologize you know I like to
keep my hair fresh but like I said I had
just woken up so my hair it's kind of
messed up but yeah I started editing my
vlog right now but I'm actually gonna go
to the gym so today's time my schedule
is tight but um yeah I'm gonna go I'll
catch up with you guys after so I could
do that giveaway what time is it it's
almost 12:00 so two or three more hours
and we'll find out who the three winners
are also wanted to say that um it might
take a while for the winners to get
their gifts because I'm shipping them
out for you guys and as you guys all
know Christmas is in a week so the post
offices are gonna be packed and it's
gonna take even longer to ship out like
products because they're assuming it's
gifts oh it doesn't matter what they are
around this time if you try to ship
anything it's gonna take way longer than
if you were to ship at any other time of
the year so uh I promise you guys will
receive the products but it might take a
little bit longer than it usually should
just got back from the gym and before I
picked Wow in the morning I loved that
the heater was on but now after a
two-hour workout someone Brian please
turn the heater off to wait he said he
can't but it's way too hot for that but
um guys look oh he wants to wipe it
boogers there it is
what slate you're lucky I'm gonna go
shower oh my gosh she's walking them on
mine
hey he's wiping them on my chair this is
a definition of a dirty Bosley stop that
stop that stop that you know you have a
toy to wipe your face okay well before I
pick the winners for the giveaway I just
want to say that next month on January
28th Fetty WAP is coming to San Diego
Bosley please get out please um Fetty
WAP is coming to San Diego and the day
after on January 29th Bryson tiller is
coming to San Diego I'll be there at
both events but I'm more excited for the
Fetty WAP one he's coming to House of
Blues which is kind of a smaller venue
I'm not sure where Bryson tiller is
going but I'm sure it's gonna be a much
bigger venue and I'm also sure it's
gonna be more expensive uh Fetty WAP is
coming down here with post Malone and
Bryson tiller he's on tour by himself
but you already know that he's gonna
bring out other artists with him I'm not
sure who but uh I'll be going to both
for fed you up I'm trying to get VIP
passes me and my brother Brian is that
right
he says he doesn't think they offer it
okay then I'll just make my way to the
back
I might get arrested that night but um
oh no yeah so yeah Bryson tiller is
coming to San Diego Fetty WAP is coming
to San Diego if you guys are going to
either of those one events I think that
tickets go on sale for both tomorrow me
and rogue are going to both will
probably run into us but uh now it's
time to pick the winners of the giveaway
so let's do this okay guys
my mom's gonna record me picking the
three winners of the giveaway mom I'm
giving away my new shirt that I've never
wore my G Shock watch and my Air Jordans
my mom's gonna kill me those are
expensive but yeah I'm gonna give them
away but this is how you pick the three
winners
there's the tweet 2020 retweet ear I'll
refresh refresh one last time to see if
anyone else retweeted okay 2224 so you
copy the link to the tweet okay go to
this site draw a random Twitter
retweeted okay
the first winner first winner pick
random retweet okay
let's click his Twitter to see what it
is not look okay at Kevin underscore 805
you're the first winner this dude right
here Congrats let's see if he tweeted
anything about it all right here so he
retweeted it okay there it is that's the
first winner okay second winner exotics
skull let's see at official skull okay
this is his last tweet was the giveaway
so he's our second winner Congrats and
let's see the third winner pick random
retweet mama Parker aka smirk mom you
didn't even enter okay so there it is
the retweet those are the three winners
now mom I'm gonna write it down to see
which one won which okay so Parker skull
and Kevin mom I'll let you pick they're
all good anyway but yeah I like the
shoes
those were over $100 we threw the post
office okay so the first one who is
gonna be for the G Shock watch mom I'm
not sure the thing you wanna pick the
middle here good luck guys okay for the
G Shock watch Kevin wins the watch
congratulation Kevin 805 okay mom just
pick right or left this is for the Air
Jordan shoes right right okay
Jordan's exotic skull okay when the
shoes hang Brad and for the brand new
t-shirt Boulevard ran is Parker okay so
I'll contact all you guys through
Twitter congratulations to all you guys
here's the t-shirt that's nice think of
you to do I know yeah I have to give
that Kevin 805 exotic school and Parker
aka smirk are the winners and I'll be
continued got contacting you guys
through Twitter to let you know how
you're gonna get the gifts thank you
guys all and also that's gonna be the
end of my vlog so goodbye everybody
and remember go sons bruh wadis I'm out
