what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka four waters and today I am bringing
you guys what might be the craziest
video I've ever done on this channel
before we get into the video though I
just want to say that we got brand new
merch available right now we got this
edition of the broadest stay humble
hoodie and then we also got in white
black and red if you guys want to get
your merch the link is in the
description down below anyways guys I've
never been more scared to ever make a
video my stomach literally feels like
it's Bob so earlier today Jackie who was
my ex-girlfriend told me that she wanted
to hang out with me
and I said okay yeah that's cool we
could hang out and then later on she
told me she forgot she was gonna be with
her sister tonight but I'm close with
Jackie's sister I'm close to the whole
family so I said if you still want to
hang out just bring your sister we can
all chill so Jackie and her sister are
on the way over and I haven't pranked
Jackie and so long it's been months so I
texted her sisters what me and Nikki
planned
me and my ex-girlfriend sister are gonna
sit Jackie down and we are pretty much
gonna tell her that me and her sister
are pretty much dating I just don't know
how she's gonna react I mean if I had
one wish I wish that this prank doesn't
end up with Jackie murdering someone
whether it's me or her sister I just
hope Jackie doesn't kill someone because
I'm not ready to upload a YouTube video
called my ex-girlfriend murdered
somebody cuz a prank gone wrong Nikki
she's never done a YouTube prank before
so Nikki I don't know if you know what
you're getting yourself into but I hope
you're ready hopefully everything goes
as planned and ah okay so they're here
right now please wish me luck pray for
me yeah oh my god they're laughing
I don't think jack is gonna be laughing
in about five minutes but ah it's time
it's time it's time
yeah thanks for that John would you ever
bought this one six and a half hours
later she's gonna get too mad at you so
like the real reason you came here or
that I wanted you guys to come together
was because I wanted to tell you that
like I don't know how to say because I
want you to get mad or I don't want you
to get socks on with their feelings but
me and you have I kind of been talking
about like dating but before you get an
addict I know to reduce you do sister
bowling no yeah okay you could laugh
that's cool I didn't expect it to
believe me right away because that's
weird you feel like it's your sister but
um do you're going there thingy we're
not dating
yeah we don't want to weigh time you
know what what do you say just talk
about like just about dating but we
don't want to go through with it without
like telling you I'm not Shady
me like even we wanted to do it after
you broke up both because we don't want
to hurt your feelings and we want it to
be like so you two want to be together
the kind of the reason that me and you
are like I'm not saying that make like
the full reason me and you are done is
because I'm Nikki but like since we are
doing I'm gonna fuse like what me and
talking been talking about what I wanna
date we want to did I want to date Nikki
and I'm sure she feels the same but we
don't want to go through with it yeah
since when you guys like each other so
you broke up with me today you made
sisters like you can't look at it that
way just look at what you did no just
look at it this way we broke up so now
that I'm single so you're gonna take my
ex-boyfriend and you're gonna take my
sister if you would if you know if you
don't well we're not gonna go through
with it but that's stupid
we're being respectful and what is
respectful you probably need to do my
sister totally stop looking at it that
way like you could look at it don't come
close to me cuz I actually spoke to you
why would you slap me that's not what
you're supposed to do we're trying to
bring you good news like how's this good
news to Chris don't you want us to be
happy yeah this is your sister and I'm
still your friend even though we broke
up so why wouldn't you want us to be
happy
are you serious yes why would you joke
about something like this I don't know
my sister doesn't ever talk to you so
that's why I'm like this is weird
no so you guys talk to you each other
behind my back no no no that's what I'm
saying
exactly that's what I'm trying to tell
you I don't want you to be mad because
I'm not shady I'm not a bad person
we waited I never know me and Nikki you
guys you know we were just friends like
the whole time me and you were dating
like I'm super close to their family but
after we were dating like that made me
single she's single so we just started
talking so you guys are talking about
dating you're dating my ex-boyfriend
really that's for you but at least we
like waited after you guys broke yeah
because you wanted him to break up with
me so that he could date you what the
fuck is that
but you're thinking about it wrong yes
wait wait wait I didn't like do I want
you guys were dating
she's watch the other point some people
would God what I'm saying he did it
after you like broke up so it's not even
like you guys were together exactly she
does have a point she's right and like
you're so much great that's why don't be
your friend you've dumped me so you
could date my sister for the last time
tonight is literally our whole family I
don't talk to you I brought a whole
family here so they could be together
you're gonna tell me they're gonna do my
ex-boyfriend well your lady's making the
family apart you know that I talked to
mom and Scott and they were fine with it
they just didn't want me to say anything
my mom would be okay yes I might want
his favorite actually whenever you ever
ate now she was far far right now I'm
gonna tell her but she said she didn't
want you to get it don't know I could
get hurt so she told me to push it off
for a little bit
she was never in her life say that yes
she did
why would she agree to that because she
wants me to be happy you were happy now
it's my turn to be happy okay I'd be
happy with somebody else why would you
you're my sweater
I got Nicky here because the merch just
came and I promise you that no I promise
I promise later you way we were talking
the other night okay well your mom is
okay with me I know with Scott and
they're okay with it they're happy that
I'm happy matters okay well your your
mom is okay with it and I talked to my
mom she talked to Nikki and I don't know
what you want me to say my mom is okay
and my mom actually wants me to do this
and I'm not saying that my mom likes her
more than you
you know sneaky but like from the little
bit of conversation that they had my mom
really liked sneaky so that's like four
you got because I'm so friendly we're so
cool but I don't know how you guys
relationship so I should be happy for
both of you for me all the sudden from
what because we're still friends
like like if you found another boy for
now be happy for you too I think
and we're sisters we should be able to
like be happy for each other even though
like the second thing you know like we
should just be happy for each other I
just want to know what you think like
right now I wanted a sister she wants to
date me we're not gonna do it behind you
that's what we want your permission what
do you think your mom said yes my mom
said yes everybody's cool with it except
you you don't look like you're okay with
then it's confusing why that's confusing
why why because I'm just saying like
when we broke up we decided that we
would still be friends would be there
for each other no matter what happened
and now here I you're gonna date me I
know that's really like called being a
hypocrite for you to tell me when we
broke up oh I'll be happy for you no
matter what and yeah everything else
trust me I would be so happy for you I
know it's just a lot to take in
like why for Nikki to even say it is
weird why don't you talk to her like
that because she doesn't yeah it's just
like this is crazy okay well are you
cool with or nope and if you're not
going there we're still friends I
respect you and I won't do this anymore
it might be a little awkward I wouldn't
want to see there anymore because we
were like so close to dating but that's
why yes honestly like if you guys want
to be together
and you were happy together then
honestly I don't see a problem really
yeah like if you guys want to date I
feel like it's like perfect time for me
to tell you too
because I don't know how to tell you
because I feel like you I don't know if
you would be happy for me but me and
Brian have been talking Oh
I'm not stupid what do you mean you and
Brian and foggy nobody's laughing I'm
not sleeping I'm not mad it doesn't
matter you are brighter what do you mean
you and Brian happen to us I'll call
Brian right now what do you mean you're
Brian I've been talking which Brian your
brother my brother and you what do you
mean
I'll call Brian right now who's going on
a date no you're not you're Brian that's
2018 soon and you know what girls the
boys do the same thing nobody my brother
no one's dating your sister it's a prank
I'm pranking you we're not really dating
there's no dating it doesn't up for mine
I swear to God what do you mean you and
Brian are dating it's a joke it's a
prank I'm not yeah the cameras right
there you're right yeah Frank you stupid
serious you really do get your brother
okay so you're telling you do the camera
yeah
right now show me proof right now that
you do the camera zero I'm calling vine
right now forget this print forget me
and your sister sold you what do you
mean speak out
me and your sister on the frame I know
you saw the camera I didn't know you
were pranking your fucking yelling at
top of your lives
I wasn't that mad wait at what point did
you see the camera like in the beginning
and the middle at the end when did you
see it
anything in the middle so you pranked me
or I pranked you what's going on here
I don't know I think you were a little
more about me I wasn't mad yeah you
where he was
oh you're gonna do brilliant was I bad
Nicky I mean you've got you flipped out
a little bit
Nicky Nicky Dave I know what to say yeah
baby what did you think when you said
that
why do you see I'm taking his bag so she
did stick up for me if Jaco it's really
Danny but she just sat there all quiet I
was expecting you were Superman okay
what do you want okay you were mad too
you said you told me said don't talk to
me don't touch me you don't come closer
my family okay but your mom was okay
with it so if my phone was here out of
literally reach Brian threw the phone in
choking you and me I got you no no you
got me a smile
and she was looking at me outside
looking earring into your eyes yeah I
felt like she was really really so this
video started off as you know be an
inconvenience all pudding cake okay I
admitted that you prank me good but tell
me right now before you saw the camera
did we get you good yeah Jordan Iike to
tell me this is weird cuz he can never
tells me any Boys story she always hides
everything
Nicky was here all this laughter when I
got up to go get honey friend Nicky I
was trying to look at like the corner of
my eye if Jackie was gonna hit Nicky and
then I did I wouldn't know what to do if
I wasn't stupid to like bring this out
then Elvis last year I got pranked
Jackie got prank Nicky I don't know
what's going through her head right
thank you when I said the fine thing she
said the deployer snapped at that moment
like Jerry Springer shake but anyway got
shout out to thank you for helping with
this prank shout out to Jackie firm you
were supposed to get pranked oh no no
what happened with you turn all of a
sudden Cesar came over there I knew - if
you enjoyed don't forget to copy down
below if you want don't forget to smash
that belt like subscribe and give me a
thumbs up I'm not enjoying anything I'm
still mad I'm gonna call Brian and yah
him even though I know if you guys think
I was really calm it's only because I
saw the camera if I hadn't seen that
camera I think my sister would end up in
the hospital my mom would end up
literally hearing everything from me
that she's never heard
Scottie gone from the house Brandon dead
but I told them I said I feel like you
were gonna kill someone
I'll never be her friend anymore
damn good thing you saw the camera then
I can't
