what is up you guys aren't bruh waters
here aka Brandon and today you guys know
this setup kind of like as if I was
gonna tell a story or maybe a Q&A maybe
do a challenge with somebody but no
today's video is something different
today's video is more about you guys I
want to give back on that I think I
haven't checked but a couple days ago I
was out like 131 thousand subscribers
130 somewhere around there which is
crazy to say the least I just hit 100k
like last month so um for my subscriber
count to just keep rising and just not
just subscribers but the amount of
lights on every single video the amount
of comments and positive feedback that I
get it crushes the negative feedback
honestly and I don't know what I'm doing
right but I'm just gonna keep doing it
for you guys
I've also taken into account that you
guys don't like my reaction videos as
much so I've kind of cut down on doing
that and because my channels for you
guys I don't make my videos for me to
watch I make them for you guys so I look
at your guys's feedback and do it
anyways that besides the point
today today's video is going to be a
giveaway so I'm giving away three items
because this is the least I could do to
give back to you guys
rather than I have okay let me just show
you guys what I have first I have these
Air Jordans I'm not sure exactly what
kind of they're leather though I've only
wore them one time ok they're Air
Jordans they're size 10 I'm gonna look
up exactly what they're called and I'll
put that in the description because
right now I can't get it off the top of
my head it's like on my tongue but I
can't go exactly what they're called
I'll show it to you guys more so they're
leather the Air Jordan symbol on the
side here's the bottom the front the
logo okay so those are one of the things
I'll be giving away again size 10 Air
Jordans only more than once or twice and
they look brand new honestly um secondly
this shirt that I have never wore
okay I think it's a medium it's a yep
it's a medium and it's never before been
worn I mean it's nice Boulevard I think
this is uh no no no no this is
it's from Tilly's I'm not sure yeah
there's the back so that's item number
two and item number three is this G
Shock watch which still works I'm not
sure if the time is correct but um a G
Shock no it's not brand new but it's in
perfect condition and it works and I'm
not sure which item you guys if it were
up to me I'm guessing that you guys
would like the shoes the most or maybe
the watch depending on who you are the
shirt I know but that's besides the
point I'm doing a giveaway I could have
easily brand-new shirt and perfect
condition shoes I could have returned
them I could have sold them made some
money off of it but no I said I want to
give back to you guys because um again I
told you I love you guys if you guys
follow me on Twitter I tweet about you
guys all the time I thank you guys for
your support and I just mentioned how
many times I mentioned a bunch of times
how much I appreciate you guys so again
watch brand new t-shirt and shoes and
perfect condition not just any shoes but
Air Jordans um so the rules for this
giveaway in the description below I'm
gonna have a link to this tweet okay
it's gonna be a tweet about the giveaway
and you guys are gonna have to retweet
it you're gonna have 24 hours so 24
hours from the time the video is
uploaded it's three o'clock right now so
I'm guessing maybe 4 or 4:30 24 hours
from there I'm gonna take that tweet and
put it into this website which randomly
shuffles the people who retweeted it I'm
gonna shuffle it three times and those
three winners I'm gonna those those
three people automatically win ok I'm
not saying which prize you guys get but
those three people are automatically
winners then after that I will um take
those three people and kind of raffle
the names out to see whether you get the
watch whether you get this t-shirt or
whether you get these sick-ass shoes so
again this is my first giveaway and this
is not gonna be my only giveaway because
again like I said I want to get back to
you guys on top of this I want to open
up a peel box so you guys can give back
to me and I don't mean any items I'd
appreciate letters I would love reading
letters from you guys or like drawings
or anything I appreciate all that so I'm
gonna be opening up a peel box this week
thank God my last final was today so on
now I have six weeks off of school and
like I promised you guys my content is
gonna be better and I might
some days I might be uploading two times
a day no promises because besides school
I'm still really busy but that's besides
the point give away my first one of many
I'm gonna try to be doing this every
month or with multiple items like you
guys saw it's not just one item not two
but three items to give back to show how
much I care so retweet the tweet in the
description good luck to all you guys
who enter and again thank you guys for
watching bruh wadis peace oh yeah sons
are playing the Warriors tonight in
Golden State so on I'm fuckin I'm being
completely honest this game is now gonna
be pretty for myself to watch that's it
goodbye
