okay we get it
Golden State lost that's literally all
ESPN and NBA TV has been talking about
we're showing for the past two days we
understand they lost twenty four and one
Wow there's still the best team in the
league okay big deal Chargers down by
one touchdown 47 seconds left
third down I don't know if I want them
to win or lose we need this good draft
position almost a delay of game
holy shit our offensive line is
literally this all of our linemen are in
here somewhere dad look at this we give
rivers less than a second to throw every
play I give rivers zero of the blame
zero
it's our offensive line
here's the game right here Kansas City
started like one in five I don't even
know how they're fighting for a playoff
spot right now they're actually in the
wild-card lead yeah who gates really
yeah I just got back from the gym so I
didn't see the first one rivers - gates
how many times have we heard that guy's
the sun's game just started so you know
what I'm doing after this game look how
cute my dad's employee had his baby so
cute oh yeah mom won can I have mine
Yeah right
five days psych I don't want a baby to
wake up okay charges door died again
guys if you combine all the other
injuries from the 31 teams in the league
besides the Chargers the Chargers
themselves probably still have more
injuries than the whole league combined
they're so shaken up it's crazy eights
are Floyd it's got to go to Gates or
Floyd Oh dad caught inside the three
yard line we wrap it caught inside the
three yard line we have no time outs
offsides on Kansas City so where do we
get the book okay we're literally at the
goal line
mom we're down by 7 5 seconds left our
ball literally with two inches away look
where the ball is timeout okay if they
get a quick throw here they might be
able to run two plays buzzer watch
see dad the chief start playing the pass
you live there holy shit holy shit a
delay of game
look even the ref is laughing a delay of
game out of a timeout one year literally
two inch oh my god
that I have the suns and chargers to
deal with these kind of bullshit plays
look rivers is calling for it I got the
Suns and charges to deal with these
little kid plays
little kid mistakes okay last play
Oh
more time
Wow
two penalties in the final five seconds
of a one score game holy crap
parsley can you believe this hey we went
from the two inch mark to literally the
11 yard line
well that's ball game
good effort three points this was a good
throw okay my mom wants to see that
behind the scenes at America me like
this yes okay my mom doesn't want to be
on camera but I'll record it before she
leaves
my mom just hung in what I did today
okay so I got back home mom you tell
them what time I got back home last
night
Hey oh my god 3:30
I got my 3:30 or 4:00 coz of that party
bus last night
damn bring us home so super early and
then Lauren slept over so like I stayed
up till probably six in the morning last
night that's when I went to sleep by
5:30 or 6:00 I woke up Oh No 10:00 10:30
went to the gym yeah I went to the gym I
worked out my back and biceps just got
back watch the Chargers Lou is now
hopefully I'm gonna watch the sons win
and then I'm going back to the gym mom
at 6 o'clock to shoot around the gym I
barely even custon my fucking I'm just
joking I'm just joking I'm joking hey
buzzy did you see the Chargers down by 7
with 5 seconds left
they had the ball 2 inches away penalty
so they had it out the 5 yard line and
then another penalty so they had it at
the 10 yard line then they dropped the
ball and they lost
imagine me Chargers and Suns fan Bosley
had enough he turned that TV off after
that game mom Jackie's coming over we're
gonna soon we're gonna watch the son's
game zach lavine ties the game so yeah
like I said I already went to the gym I
just lifted I lifted my back and biceps
for like an hour and then after the Sun
came I'm gonna edit my vlog for you guys
and then I'm gonna go back to the gym to
put up shots by myself I love doing that
I told you guys weekend nights like
Saturday Sunday pretty much throughout
the whole day the gym is dead so you get
the court like to yourself pretty much
as you guys well know by now Golden
State lost
pimple right here and a pimple right
here fuck but oh sorry mom mom I'm sorry
that literally slipped out I don't cuss
on purpose I'm sorry but um yeah the
Warriors streak ended so 24 and one so
uh pretty much means their first-round
outcome playoff time but uh no I'm just
joking but anyways yeah if they didn't
end against Milwaukee the Suns played
them on Wednesday in a couple days so
would it ended anyways then I can't even
say that without laughing honestly but
uh it's Sunday I got uh I got a my math
I got my part two of my history final on
Tuesday and then I got my math final on
Wednesday and then I'm done five or six
weeks off of school between semesters
which is gonna be great you guys already
know the contact upload is gonna be way
better since I don't have school to
stress about for at least a couple week
more than a couple five or six weeks I'm
working on a new intro as many
compliments as I get on my current intro
I'm working on a new one well not me
obviously the designer and you guys
loved the other inch I swear I've only
got compliments on it so the good news
is it's gonna be the same designer I
want to change the song maybe change a
little bit of it but um we'll see how it
turns out that should be ready by next
week and uh yes I'm gonna watch the
son's game and I'm just waiting on
Jackie right now shoot that shoot it Oh
guys look okay never mind the Suns are
up by 19 going to the fourth quarter
I say this with caution but there's no
way the Suns can give up this lead
there's no way look at this bag what how
many times is that how many times he's
literally gonna go to jail there's only
so many jet ski tickets you can get on
before you go to jail other Suns gonna
win okay they're up 19 going to the
fourth so just don't let me down if you
got those another one's flippers II
would never come to my house fine you
can get one you can get them you look
Asian
now that the Suns are have a comfortable
lead my appetite is back so I'm gonna
order pizza if you actually tell me what
you want and don't say anything
what's up pretzel piggy definitely not
knitting like that no I'm gonna get that
box that Brian gets his specialty okay
I'm order the peach I know I can't
record an order at the same time guys
the fourth quarter meltdown is starting
the sun's ro 411 in the fourth quarter
they took 11 shots and made 0 in the
fourth they were literally playing gray
all game and once it turns fourth
quarter I swear they turn into like
statues and they don't even move it's an
11-point game
Shabazz is about to make it uh nope
still 11
guys the Suns are up by 21 points in the
fourth and look at this they're only up
by seven with four minutes left
they're only up by seven with four
minutes left typical Suns
bid the Suns are more predictable than
me no okay well they better hold on okay
so the Suns are up five with 25 seconds
left and Bledsoe shooting two guys let
me give you Brandon Knights stat line so
after I was making fun of them for
scoring only one point he has 25 points
6 assists 4 steals and 3 rebounds and 2
blocks Wow he made seven threes ok
Bledsoe hits the first so that given
Bledsoe so night house 25 Bledsoe has 20
Len with 18 what Markieff was 0 not just
points but 0 minutes thank God
Percy you but let's hope
Bledsoe has four blogs how do Bledsoe
and Knight combined for six blocks okay
so yeah sons win thank God
Brandon Knight was 7 3 is coming off a
game where he made 0 shots over 12
bounce-back guys I literally can't bring
Jackie to my house anymore
because she hangs out with my mom more
than me
told you go keep hanging out with my mom
huh and these two fat you didn't even
fit on the screen
hey ya meatballs they're like the exact
same money hey what did you just say
except my dad would be be happy if I
said drawing second ire guys I'm bout to
go back to the gym I lifted earlier back
in biceps and now I'm going to shoot
around play basketball did you guys
follow me on Twitter you've been seeing
that like for the past two weeks I've
been wanting a personal rebounder for
when I shoot around hired free for no
pay this is why I love him you guns boom
my mom's actually eating nice it's just
Sunday so for some reason - is closed at
8 o'clock so we're gonna go shoot around
Suns one so I'm gonna Jenn mood that
what my mom's mad cuz the Lakers are
three and 21 holy mom three you lanes in
21 losses are you kidding me no mr.
Bangor what about him
Anthony I don't even know who that is I
did not have mr. Bennett he's a lawyer
guys Monday morning if you're wondering
why I'm not at school the answer is
because my maths class which goes on
Mondays and Wednesdays we have one final
left and we could choose to either take
it today or Wednesday and if anybody
knows me they know I love to wait till
the last minute so rather than taking it
today I'm taking it on Wednesday
and instead of going today I am actually
on my way to the gym
yes oh no school today I'm gonna take
that on Wednesday and then that would
actually be my final class of the
semester before I get six weeks off so
Wednesday I have my math final but
tomorrow I have part two of my history
final so that's gonna be tough it's 2-2
SATs in class so that's gonna be tough
anyways I'm about to lead to a gym to
play some basketball right now after I
play some bathroom I'm gonna work out
soldiers and traps so today's gonna be
kind of a long gym day and anyways I
just want to thank Jackie for being my
good luck charm for the sons they've won
the last two games she's lodged with me
and they lost the one that she missed
yeah Jackie it appears that she's a good
luck charm for the sons as you guys know
they won last league yesterday and uh
yeah that's gonna conclude my oh shit oh
I parked right there last night cuz my
dad's car was up here I legit just
thought that someone stole my car I
turned around and I'm like oh shit yeah
that's gonna conclude my vlog I'm making
my way to the gym right now and I'll
catch up with you guys tomorrow
meet some closeness I'm gonna work out
after playing basketball oh it's my mom
saw me do that she would literally kill
me I should have left that little bin so
that one rug put him breakfast with the
whole school
we got his paw Bosley hey lovey all they
literally gave himself an infection like
spittle puzzle you just nod it all over
my camera but it's okay it's okay it's
okay Joey
yeah I just got back from the gym right
now I was there for literally like over
four hours and I'm getting ready for the
son's game that's in three more hours
Tyson Chandler returns to Dallas where
he won a championship played there past
year and a half and he left Dallas this
summer to sign with the Suns and now
he's going back to Dallas to play for
the first time so on that should be an
emotional game for him especially the
way he left it's because they wanted to
sign DeAndre Jordan so they pretty much
shoved him away so they could get
DeAndre and he spurned them so this
should be an interesting game we'll see
what happens I can't wait but before
that game I have to study for my history
final part two of my history final which
is tomorrow like I said two essays in
class we have an hour and a half to do
them so I need to study a little for
that and then I must study again at
night Bodley literally looks like the
Sphinx positively the Sphinx
