good morning everybody I just woke up
no actually scratched I didn't just wake
up I woke up at 8:00 again after going
to sleep at 3:30 so I had less than five
hours of sleep but I woke up two a.m. to
a text from Amanda my cousin's saying if
I wanted to go eat and I loved Amanda so
I'm not gonna turn that down so I got up
and got ready really quick well I don't
know if you want to call this getting
ready I literally I'll just sleep in
this and I just threw this on but um I'm
about to go eat with Amanda I think she
wants a breakfast burrito so and I have
no problem with that because I love
burritos so we're gonna go eat and um
let's say today's Saturday but um to me
it's haircut day like the days of my
week go Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday haircut day Sunday it's
not called Saturday to me so on I have a
haircut appointment obviously as you
guys can tell I definitely need it
notice the sarcasm there I don't need it
but I'm gonna get it anyways I'm editing
my video today which is pretty hilarious
my dad reacting to the Warriors game but
uh anyways I'm pretty late and Amanda's
gonna kill me so 9:45 a.m. and I'm gonna
meet up with Amanda this is what I wake
up to Bosley what what are you looking
at wait Bosley I got good news I got my
own chapstick bliss sex so I can stop
stealing drugs now and you can stop
catching me at 3:00 or 4:00 in the
morning stepping in there to take routes
chapstick
stretch those arms Bosley stretch that
back Oh Oh Bosley whoo Oh mom hey
where's my mom
oh hey mom yeah please mom I was dying I
think that's the reason I couldn't play
mom I'm recording my mom woke up to turn
the heater off and I don't blame her
because I was dying in my bed mama
Amanda's waiting for me to go eat I'll
take him when I get back guys this is
why Amanda hates me she tells me to me
at a certain time and I literally vlog
for a couple minutes before I leave and
she always texts me asking where the
hell I am holy shit I hate slow drivers
fuck
literally nothing pisses me off more
than a car going to meeeee oh my god
I literally have like a special hatred
in my heart no I wouldn't even say in my
heart I have a special hatred in my
wherever hey stays for slow drivers like
okay let's see where Amanda is parked
also I oh I see her right there also I
love a man because she's a crazy driver
she drives fast
if that's not a man then I pull up with
a cameraman get my ass beat
looky there always with a smile on her
face guys I'm not sure if this called
Santana's or MXN but there's Amanda how
literally how short okay but yeah we're
gonna go and I'm not bringing my camera
down cuz I mean that doesn't let me
record her eat she eats like a pig yeah
her and Anthony other crazy eaters in
this family Anthony it shows Amanda you
wouldn't expected but no that wasn't a
compliment
Amanda saved half of her burrito and she
said she's taking it home for her little
brother but honestly I wouldn't be
surprised if she drives drives off and
just starts eating it on the way she
probably just didn't want to look fat in
front of me okay well there's the
arguing between him and Bosley Yeah
right when I get home that's the first
thing I hear that's literally the
definition of a love/hate relationship
okay now time to go finish editing my
video before I go to the gym
today is a long gym day I'm gonna shoot
around you know put some shots up for
like one hour and then after that I'm
gonna work out my chest triceps and abs
so I'm gonna be at the gym for about two
and a half maybe three hours depending
how long I shoot around so I gotta get
going
you
thank God they left buy this right here
speech on it's like a key workout they
should name it stomachache in a bottle
the shit always literally makes a chart
on a throw I guys I'm telling you this
is the best girl out there trust me I'm
not lying to you guys anyway Saturday
afternoon is like the best time to come
and shoot around put up some shots
it's always so dead you literally always
have like either half a quart or the
whole quart to yourself
I'm gonna go Devin Booker on the hoop
though I feel bad for my barber because
I always get go get my hair cut I go to
the gym and I'm always so sweaty this is
only part one of my gym day after this
i'ma work out my chest triceps and abs
for like 90 minutes maybe even more than
an hour and a half
so I feel bad for my barber sorry Tony
but it's okay because I pay you so we're
all good bye let's see if I can make
more shots than Brandon Knight made last
night
I just did it
he went over 12 so in a matter of one
second I made more shots than Brenda and
I did throughout a 48 minute game
see deandre it's not that hard
guys I hate working out I swear it feels
up to me I'll be doing this all day but
I'm not trying to be all scrawny
or should I say scrawny here but yeah I
literally I do work out almost every
single day but that doesn't mean I like
it I just force myself to do it I
definitely don't like it I rather be
playing ball but can we just pretend I
made that if I make this next shot the
sun's gone a five-game winning streak
it's pretty gloomy in San Diego honestly
if you guys can't tell it's like it's
only 5 p.m. so it's pretty gloomy out
right now I just got my cut again for
everyone who asked me because I get this
question a bunch of times a day
I guess 7 or 8 on top I get a 2 on the
sides in the back and then I skin taper
the back and the sideburns and then I
stayed everything in obviously you line
it up so on that's what it is for
everybody asking Oh what else today
honestly might be the busiest day of my
whole entire life because let me just
tell you I hate being on the schedule
but today literally my whole day okay so
jack is coming over in a little but uh
today my whole day has been run on the
schedule so I woke up and I edited my
video the one of my dad's reaction and
then at 12 o'clock I went to the gym I
shot around until around like 1 110 then
from 1:10 to 2:30 I worked out I lifted
my chest and triceps 245 I got my hair
cut came back home showered now I'm
gonna see Jackie for a little after that
I'm going to my friend Ali's house
because like I said you guys watched my
other vlog it was his birthday a few
days ago and today he's out to eat and
when he comes back home he's not gonna
know that a bunch of his friends and his
family are gonna be at the house we're
gonna surprise him for his 21st birthday
so I'm gonna be there till it's all you
know I'm like literally running on a
schedule jumping from thing to thing to
thing I barely had time to eat today
so I'm super busy but in a good way in a
good way editing a video Jim basketball
party bus surprising my friends seeing
my girlfriend those are all good things
it's just like jam-packed but um yeah
and good thing there's no Sun game today
because I would have ruined everything
but Oh what else yeah so I got my hair
cut and
honestly shout out Tony that's Barbara
in San Diego let's see what's going on
around the house I'm still using this
blow dryer by the way so I'm not sure
what the negatives are but I know
they're not very good
literally a loaf of bread I'm not even
oh oh you wake up easy now buzzy rug is
out eating with my cousin Jessica I'm
not sure where they went but I just saw
his snapchat my mom's in the room
changing cuz you're gonna go get her
hair done I'm not sure for what but my
mom always has to look swaggy so are you
wearing white shorts
oh no white shorts my mom knows the
drill when my girlfriend comes over she
leaves the house
I'm just Joe I'm just joking I'm joking
I'm just joking she already had plans to
leave don't worry it's too cold for the
white shorts huh I was sad look outside
lovely I know what you want me to do cry
no stay home for Bosley mm-hmm honestly
my goatee is getting a little out of
hand look at this it's so long but I
don't want to shave or trim it like what
I used to now I even have one piece of
facial hair like last year or two years
ago and now this I like it though like
right now I'm 20 maybe 21 years old now
I'm 16
you're the party bus who's coming basel
you are in Oh Bosley wants in buzzes
trying to get some booty tonight Bosley
it's not here it's not here it's not
meeting at our house you know that
you've been on some party buses before
rug are you going on the party bus loads
are you I'm definitely not no okay it's
gonna call it a night Bosley we'll take
your spot pause Lee's dying to go on
this party bus okay the party bus is
here uh it's meeting us at well we're at
Dave & Buster's
oh shit really okay well the people just
seem to record them stop smoking
cigarettes guys no they're unhealthy
wait long that's not the party bus how
many party buses guys first of all fuck
rug cuz why am I sitting in the back
you
Oh
jack-in-the-box out almost 4:00 in the
morning what do you want
look get me a McFlurry big man no
fucking McLaury Big Mac fine of what I
want to clear a big bag
can I have two tacos and then a
breakfast Jack
Bosley stop that Bosley keeps biting
Lawrence's blanket stop doing that
Bosley Shh my mom is sleeping my dad was
just talking about Golden State's loss
he said it too unfair for the NBA to
give them a seven-game road trip yeah he
was at work that people were already
commenting saying please tell me you
recorded your dad's reaction but he was
at work so thank God I didn't see his
reaction to the game by the way yes he's
still Laker fan I don't know what got
into him but he's I guess he's both and
I don't know my voice is gone because of
that party
Bosley you're so chunky I'm not gonna
call you fat you're just chunky
I'm about to go to the gym pictures that
that one looks literally real that's
bankses face online this is my face on
Tico
and then that's Tico say something oh my
god but you think you guys I literally
slept at like 6 a.m. and I'm on my way
to the gym right now and about to leave
so I got literally like 4 or 5 hours of
sleep I don't know how I do it but my
body needs some rest
soon Bosley give the camera a kiss
oh yeah chargers and chiefs game we're
gonna get smashed this game I swear and
the sons game is at 12:30 so I'm gonna
be back from the gym in about one hour
hour and a half maybe
