got this guy's it's 10:00 a.m. and I
have my history final at 11:00 a.m. I
was supposed to wake up at 8:00 I sent
my lawn for a and I literally just woke
up mom
after study more before I leave I need
look in a little and also the sun's won
last night I know
yeah guys I literally had my alarm set
for 8:00 a.m. so that I can wake up and
study more because I studied a little
last night and honestly I just woke up
like five minutes ago so now after
hardcore study for like 30 minutes it's
cold Thursday night with the Awad is's
Plus Bosley he look at his tail he's so
happy
mom look come here so much no look pet
his forehead that's what he wants
look at his tail guys okay
whatever this is my dad is watching the
show Mike at Bosley what are you doing
rug this is rugs favorite show dad my
dad just finished watching a Monday
night game Arizona it's Thursday night
Oh
Thursday night I mean I just got done
playing basketball I'm in my boxers
mostly asses rug came back from playing
basketball - hey oddly stop biting that
ha ha hey hey hey yeah I'm different
cosplay starburst really yeah I'm
Brandon just a discovered that fell on
the floor yeah who cares the starburst
on the floor it was literally there for
two seconds and I ate am I gonna die
I bet the fast food I eat regularly is
worse than a starburst I fell on the
floor
yeah Bosley stop biting the blanket stop
stop good boy mm-hmm you don't go to the
shower I'm gonna go shower you wanna
come with me guys mine and my brother's
favorite thing to do this like old times
no not that not showering no not
showering together when we both have to
pee it it's called the ex yeah we used
to make it not used to we still do we
make the ex we both pee at the same time
I go this way my brother goes ah you
know which way stands I stand on the
left like I stand here
geysers he stands here and we just pee
know what we can yeah but we don't look
at each other well I don't know if rug
looks at me but I don't look idea okay I
need to go shower now
okay hurry it up guys the relief I feel
and there's no son's game on it's like
I'm breathing a breath of fresh air
there's no stress in my life
literally why I hate rain I literally
hate rain I swear and it's not only
because I'm a sons fan I know if you
guys can see I just woke up it's 11
o'clock I slept at like 5 a.m. yesterday
and I'm deciding if I should go play
basketball or stay in I'm not sure but
yeah I'm not a fan of rain because not
faze rain I love faze rain but I'm not a
fan of this weather I know you gotta
wear a lot of clothing nobody knows how
to drive in the rain you can't play
basketball outside I don't know a lot of
reasons why I don't like rain and then
training pretty hard well actually it
stopped now but it was oh to go play
basketball or just stay in 10 seconds
later I've made up my mind time to go
play ball I just seen my shoes and I'm
like okay they're calling my name but
before I wrap up this vlog I wanted to
say two things I want you guys as honest
opinion on whether or not you guys want
me first to open up a peel box because
I'm kind of thinking of open opening up
a p.o box getting gifts from you guys
and buy gifts I don't mean spending
money on me for anything I don't want
that if you guys have anything lying
around that you don't want that you
think I would like and you guys want to
send it go ahead or if you guys even
want to write me letters or anything do
that
I don't want anybody spending money on
buying me anything because although I do
appreciate that I don't need anything
from you guys you guys give me enough by
watching my videos and supporting me um
so I want you guys's opinions on whether
or not you would want me to open up a
peel box maybe do a video like once a
month or maybe once every two weeks
opening anything that I get from you
guys on another thing I wanted to do I
was thinking of maybe making apparel so
I want you guys honest opinions on what
you guys think if I were to open up a
peel box and to
make a pair would you guys be interested
in purchasing or just just checking it
out I don't know let me know what you
guys think anyways this vlog was not too
interesting so I apologize for that
the reason being and also the reason why
I didn't upload yesterday is because
it's finals week so I was kind of home
studying and just you know at school my
semester ends on Thursday so you can not
only look for uploads every single day
but more interesting uploads so I
apologize for this vlog being boring but
I still hope you guys enjoyed anyways
it's time to go play some basketball let
me see your eye booger Bosley oh that's
a nasty one he waits for me to wipe it
okay okay sit I'll wipe it for you
okay Bosley when I'm trying to wipe it
you don't try to bite my hand okay see
now I want you to wipe it again
try to bite my hand look Bosley okay
guys if you follow me on Twitter you saw
this tweet yesterday by the way my
Twitter's in the description but I
tweeted that Brian and Bosley are you
more than a married couple and it's true
all I hear when I'm trying to sleep or
write when I wake up is Bosley
stop doing that okay Bosley first of all
that's not a toy it's my undershirt okay
whatever Bosley guys you know which
album goes Jeremih came out with the
album late nights right here it's on
Apple music
okay and then play it but right here you
guys download it honestly it goes you
could there's a couple good songs on
here but pretty much all of them are
good I think it's what 15 tracks mostly
why okay now he's sleeping on my
undershirt honestly I think that's
because what I were to play basketball
yesterday and it was sweaty and Bosley's
dirty but yeah I check that out but now
let me know what you guys think late
nights no don't leave your pot don't
leave your paw don't lick your paw don't
lick your pot okay that's what Brian and
him were arguing about this morning and
I'm pretty sure I hear Bosley argue back
like I could have swore I heard well
just say fuck you rug and then that's
why he's in my room because I wrote
kicked him out oh yeah guys also if you
have um a partner then and you're trying
to you know um pipe it up or if you're
trying to Netflix and chill trust me
late nights shuffle that album and
there's no way she won't put out I'm
talking to you dude Bosley would you
stop playing with my undershirt you have
literally 40 toys go argue with Brian go
along with opening up a p.o box and
maybe starting apparel I've also thought
I've also thought about doing giveaways
maybe like old shoes or um oh no just
older items I want to do giveaways and I
want to do that soon maybe sometime next
week
I'm looking to giveaway old shoes that
are still nice and I haven't really wore
that don't fit me anymore I'm gonna kill
Bosley honestly but um yep you guys know
the drill time I left you which the lace
fucking I don't know what happened to it
last night and then don't time I ride
shotgun on the court but I'm gonna go
now guys but I I compare Brian and body
to a married couple because as much as
they argue they love each other just as
much so sometimes it's
no sometimes its arguments but sometimes
it's love that's why like you literally
just wakes up and starts licking his paw
and so Wow for like 30 minutes straight
I know that part is true Bosley okay
bout to go down you're gonna have to go
poop he doesn't like to go out in the
rain come on let's go go come on buzzer
yeah right now Bosley you know talk
about yes
here I'll get him done you just have to
pat his butt look go down oh think he
listens anymore yeah I just got him a
little kick yeah give him kick him down
the hill go downstairs or not go bonza
yeah no yes okay guys no way I will be
calling a PETA on Brian if that's what
it's fucking called and he'll be going
to jail soon so if you don't see any
videos from rug soon that's why okay I'm
back from playing ball and as you see
the rain calm down actually it's sunny
now this is some bipolar San Diego
weather I'm telling you guys let me show
you guys what burst of those heart is
from this album listen it's from the
song I did I can't show you too much
because of copyright but listen
literally who was I look at this oh my
gosh like yeah this is okay this is like
a baby cube but this oh my gosh first of
all who cut my hair and second I
literally ill I look like Josh Peck and
Drake and Josh I think this was like in
ninth grade to eighth or ninth grade
which is pretty crazy
that's road and Bosley just following my
mom because there's food on the table oh
thanks mom you're gonna feed now if you
see I'm gonna give you something
yeah my cousin clay is on the news you
were doing a team up with the elder
project to End Homelessness with you
right just the holidays for Andre's time
in La Mesa yeah what you're doing for a
hundred Sol's my cousin and this fashion
designer Andre are helping out homeless
we're changing lives for the holidays of
a hundred homeless people right now okay
where's plan there's my cousin on the
left I want to hear him talk to families
because women their children he's talked
to me give him a glam over and she was
quit
we love you I'm pretty sure he was
shitting himself cuz how nervous he was
guys before ending this vlog I just want
to give literally a huge birthday shout
out to my boy ollie
um again he's never been in my videos
but you guys have heard me talk about
him a few times he plays basketball for
a JC for a community college and I've
known this dude since I was five years
old since kindergarten and we've been
friends since we're both in our third
year of college so think about that from
kindergarten first year of elementary we
went to the same elementary school
middle school and high school stayed
friends throughout
one of my best friends um we don't hang
out as much anymore because we're still
so--but we're both so busy but we see
each other at the gym at least two or
three times a week play basketball with
each other
and uh he's one of the biggest Shaq fans
I've ever met in my life so I call him
Shaq diesel Shaq I love you
when we play basketball he's Shaq and
I'm Moe Williams because of the days
when they were both on the Cleveland
Cavaliers don't even ask me how that
started but that's what it is if you
guys are wondering how old he turned he
turned 21 years old like the dude isn't
a kid anymore he's been a giant his
whole life like I'm talking about size
in elementary school he was the tallest
kid maybe two tall skin in the whole
school as a kindergartner so um he's
always been huge but now I'm not even
talking about sighs I'm talking about
age like he's 21 years old this is crazy
are you kidding me so on olia I love you
happy birthday and I want to put you in
one of my videos soon so you guys are
gonna get a chance to meet him I love
Olly he's not just my friend he's a
whole family friend my dad loves and my
mom knows and she texts him for his
birthday my brother all my cousins know
him Olly I love you happy 21st and um
don't get too crazy I know you went out
last night not sure what you did I don't
know if I want to know what you did
