got this left shoe tied right shoe
untied all my subs know what this means
it's time to go play basketball
some lunchtime basketball guys look I
have another routine that I do so motion
but not too much because then obviously
it'll get soaked look I literally put
literally a dot that's it that much
before I played off that's it don't ask
me why and my head it helps with the
grip of the ball but if you put even one
bit too much then you're screwed and you
got to wash your hands and draw the
mouth
anyways let's go there's blood so or
should I rename my car Mirza after that
game I'm not sure
anyways on let me wait while my car is
kind of a mess but
oh there's my belt I was looking for it
okay so um what's it called my cousin
Stephanie is having another soccer game
today whoo why is the heater on my
cousin Stephanie's having another soccer
game today and she wants me and Jackie
to go so this time we're going to go but
this time I'm going to bring my camera
so I'm gonna vlog at the game I don't
know why did it bring it last time those
kind of dumb on my part but I promise
you guys I'm gonna bring it today so
we're gonna see my cousin Stephanie and
hopefully they get the win again she
plays for Mesa high school if you guys
know or if you guys are new they're back
Oh
my keys are still inside wherever they
are and they're in my gym bag oh right
here okay guys so I just got back from
the gym I want a few pickup games I lost
some but uh and I just saw these packing
peanuts so I dare rug to try to show my
car I swear to god I'll if I open my
door and packing peanuts on my car I'm
shoving Brian inside the car locking the
door turning the heat on and fucking
holding the door till he passes out okay
guys I'm definitely not sure where this
came from but um
hoe goes if this is you dropping your
panties or something um thanks for the
hint but I have a girlfriend so I'm
gonna pass that over to Brian I'll let
him know that you're dropping hints how
much wanna bet boss is gonna bark
listen Bosley you're so predictable
hey mom here leave oh nice shorts
you already showed them you have like oh
my gosh look what fuzzy no don't drink
it
okay Bosley move move mom you already
show them that you have like six or
seven unless I cut that part out
no I feel fuzzy move don't taste the
juice sleep happy yesterday I'm so happy
my mom not only died sleep happy I slept
like 5:00 in the morning because I was
editing two videos and I had to wake up
at like 9:00 or 8:30 but I watched the
son's game again Oh lastly I called it I
said right when I open the door balls is
gonna be barking oh yeah hmm okay is
that again Tammy okay
mom I ate cream shop at like 4:00 in the
morning what else watching us out yeah
yeah I ate that too at like 4:00 in the
morning
guys I'm a mom I'm going to Stephanie's
game oh good yeah yeah me and Jack say
bye to mom Bosley
he doesn't care why me just looking at
me like where you going I'm going to get
my hair done ha ha
poor Bosley bye
okay Bosley it's okay you want to play
with your time no don't cry
it's okay me and Brian are still here
okay you want play with your toy Bosley
you're so old let me see your face
you're like 80 Bosley I'm gonna play
with your toy okay let's go play let's
let Jeff know the news she loves when I
go to her games even though I've only
been to one
how Steph yeah me and my babe are coming
to your game yeah are you going to score
a goal for the vlog Steph what about the
talk about confidence
oh well listen to me when the coach
starts the game and you're on the bench
you're gonna look in the know listen
you're gonna look him in the face and
say nah you're gonna say I'm gettin
you're gonna say I'm going to the game
you're taking one of the girls out pick
whichever one that you don't like shaker
take her out of the game get in okay and
then if they try to put you at defense
or whatever the fuck soccer plays say no
I'm offense and scored and score go cuz
I'm vlogging and I need views and I'm
snapchatting you okay good luck and I'll
give you gushers on the side okay bye
pawsley what's up basel is disgusting
he's sleeping literally right on the
shirt that I was wearing to the gym
sweating him for the past three hours
Bosley no yeah it's okay he's pissed
sorry buzz Lee it's for your own good
guys so on I got my fake black earrings
on I just need to go get my fake gold
chain and then I'll be ready to go I'm
gonna go pick up Jackie and we're gonna
go to Stephanie soccer game I were like
her soccer parents dad me and Jackie are
Steph's mom and dad Raya their fan mail
for Bryan guys where's my fan mail I'm
gonna open up a pill box like yeah Brian
let me teach me how to Bosley get off
the mail find teach me how to open up a
P o box guys how do we open up a puzzle
why don't you go to the post office then
they just give you like that guys
anything sons related selectively even a
piece of poop if you carve the word sons
you can send it to me pawsley literally
sat on the meal but yeah I need to go
find honesty it if it doesn't mention me
I'm leaving so no I got your bob doesn't
mention me my dad just said my dad just
said who sent you the mail a fan or air
conditioned okay guys so if me and
Jackie really want to be soccer parents
I obviously have to bring healthy snacks
to the game like Quaker Oats I doubt
that's actually healthy but soccer moms
bring this to the game oh I could bring
some tangerines and I think Jackie's
wearing a hat
so like that definitely makes her a
soccer mom a hot soccer mom actually and
can't forget the costume
on our way to go see stuff he's probably
so nervous and I warned you guys that
Jackie was trying to be a soccer mom
don't mess my quarry good
I don't multitask I tripled I try tasks
and on thank you - oh there's a cop
how did you are still yeah so you act
like it was light like toys like I
played football in person
guys I think we're going to go to the
emergency room after and
okay so her mom her are not her mom it's
still not okay okay I can't say I'm on
camera she always happy I think she's
gonna get me a camera mount for
Christmas
yeah do you want do you wanted honestly
I was like eight selfies a day so I
can't have is it
I never used that actually like when I
first got it shada even you said she was
the first one to use I just got it
because I was like I need a selfie stick
in case of emergencies like if I go up
and I Melvin's
not that I hike just in case I do okay
wait that's about the hospital why are
you taking me to this school guys this
is my old high school and I honestly I
think I don't think I've ever been back
since I graduated so this is kind of
weird I hope I don't see any of much I
don't even know if the cameras recording
but I hope I don't see any of my old
teachers guys Ron Mira Mesa hot I need
to stop saying guys I need to stop
starting my thing with guys hey fellas
were at my okay point is I went to man
Mesa high she went to Scripps and that's
literally like that's like Chargers
literally
that's like chargers and Raiders right
there and she's walking around in Mira
Mesa like who does she think she is
first of all I own okay okay
Oh clear that lucky they taste good
that's like me okay oh now they want to
add a big banner after I leave and they
redid the whole field
okay we're really soccer pants because
we came late to the game and that's
obviously what soccer parents do but
this is what I came down for a
graduation my mom was taking pictures of
me from the gate
you know where mine was where it's
really elegant
sure human being I look really cute and
this is what you bought yeah right here
guys that's Mia Laurens kidding me
points
walk down here you wonder why we're not
successful in life
babe could you believe the sun's won
their staff the ones standing up I think
she's about to check in they were you
going
let's go daughter go get him step
guys it's halftime right now and for
some reason they don't put the score up
I think cuz they don't want to hurt the
girls self-esteem even though they're
old enough now I know what kind of sport
is if it doesn't have score we keep
score of our arguments and they don't
even keep score but actually you keep
score cookie I'm worried I'm winning
like 12 to 0 you argue with me I don't
argue
oh sure and then would literally be like
what is it that you argue you know what
I can't even say it on here because it's
x-rated but let me just say you argue
you could argue forever I really say
okay and then he'll be like did you just
wicked
okay and then after I tried to end I and
then after I tried to end the argument
she keeps it on for like two days and
I'm just like literally why I don't back
to the game back to the game finish
Alden I argue when she said she wants
Bryson tiller to have her baby is
those shoes are super
with mine
yeah I don't know what the score is I
haven't witnessed any goals but we came
kind of late into space she's right
there
honey staff stop shaking me babe in this
step hates me she's never gonna tell me
what her game is anymore I told you need
to look guys this home crowd is
literally like the Phoenix Suns home
crowd this is how it is that a Suns game
babe there's no fans don't ask me why I
did it
well actually I know why because the
Suns are two and eight in their last 10
games
okay Stephanie's in the game and it's
literally gosh it's literally like I'm
watching LeBron James
she's right okay you guys can't see I'm
a zoom in but it gets super shaky when
isn't she's right there
I don't she hasn't scored a goal yet but
for my vlog I'm just gonna say that she
scored two goals already so go Steph and
fucking Jackie's Twitter fingers see now
I've been watching the game she did that
about you
Mia okay thank you when there was a
Twitter fingers I was reading my you to
comment
I was youtube comment fingers oh yeah
babe can you be basic and take a picture
of the sky we got it guys there's my
favorite angle
I got my double cheese from Amy
MacDonald from McDonald's and Mexican
food I look too pale like this you look
good and I mean all the time bitch guys
Stephanie's team laws for me I know guys
let me tell you what I hate about uh
high school sports you have to shake
hands with the other team when you're
done
honestly like you didn't see me resist
to let a bitch shake hands with the
Bulls last night did you
haha City
hey hey hey won't it sound like she'll
tell her how about the tape
even better the coach literally sound
like sounds like a seal when he says hey
see look at this
shaking hair Steph tell me about the
game baby to get the water from Kosovo
me and much of it when he did put me and
I got what happened wait first of all
listen to this video up I might have to
come back to this high school telling
you to come to my game and when you come
why did you guys win the one we didn't
come to okay guys they're tanking
Philadelphia 76ers right here oh and
three okay Steph which are you leaving
from oh yeah we all go that way guys
Eric Bledsoe is 26th birthday and my
family has a nerve to be asleep do they
know what occasion this is today Bosley
wake up Bryan wake up eric bledsoe 26th
birthday obviously they don't give two
shits we'll wake them up I think my mom
is not even here she's probably out
buying him a cake or something you hope
you guys heard correctly airglow chose
26th birthday today December 9th and the
sons have a game against the Orlando
Magic so that is in about eight hours
Eric Bledsoe is going to come in clutch
birthday boy there he is
there's birthday boy oh if you guys are
wondering why I have to max one of them
is broken like completely broken so I
don't know what to do with it I can't
sell it I can't get it fixed
Best Buy says they don't know what to do
with it so yeah a bunch of people are
asking why I had to max that's why that
does not work
oh and also people asking about my
playstation 3 controller so I used to
play call of duty when model warfare 2
was big probably like 4 or 5 years ago
since then I have not touched video
games maybe a few videos with my brother
but that's it I use this for Netflix
because I have a ps3 so I have a Netflix
account and I use it but no I don't even
own video games honestly I'm sorry about
that guys I saw a lot of people saying
oh he has a ps3 controller that's all
it's used for Netflix and chill right
here guys I regret trying to wake Bryan
up because I loved all I had to
chapsticks
I lost both of them one of them was in
my room one was in my car and I swear
they're not there anymore so um I use
Bryan's chapstick when he goes to sleep
and Watson yesterday I texted him
because I thought I was going to buy new
chapstick so I texted him saying I said
I use your chapstick last night and
stole your water while you were sleeping
Bosley call me but you stayed asleep he
said fuck you bitch I just bought that
yesterday and I said ooh no wonder it
tasted brand new so like I thought I was
gonna use anymore but now I need it I'm
about to go to school first of all I
have my history final tomorrow it's a
cumulative of three chapters and I
haven't even started studying so after
the son's game tonight I need to study a
ton and then on Monday I have my math
final today's review I'm literally so
scared hold on
as you got notice I came back with no
chapstick because he's awake so I just
walked straight past his rumen got water
attack like I wasn't even gonna do
anything anyways that's going to be the
end of my vlog again Steph come on you
gotta win a soccer game we've been to -
I don't know for a bad luck or something
but you got to win one I don't know why
this is tucked in honestly but oh well
yeah I'm about to go to school go do my
math review and then come back home go
to the gym do all that good stuff that I
do every single day my boring life and
again happy birthday Eric Bledsoe I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog because I'm
out Bryon's about to take Bosley on a
walk on air letõs birthday
you guys know what this means
fine you literally look like that Santa
if you had the beard now he looks like
James Harden
