I got this hey Chris we got rugby what's
up okay and then we got for Andrew
what's your name
eat your mom Jason Brett Jason Jamal
down here - Jason shoutout future mob
dude your mob YouTube future mob the top
check them out Phase II shit they do
crazy shit I haven't checked it out yet
but I'm gonna check it out yeah hey mom
they came here all the way from LA
that's respect right there all the way
from LA hey can I pet him - I'll be
after the gas yeah well we'll picture
forget if I was happy with the sun's out
efficient for gas but ya know right now
I feel bad for my mom when she has to be
in the house when i watch the gas no bad
words in the house make me dude hi
Jackie
so Jackie hey Jackie you're amazing
you're exactly the great guy of you
you're just crazy okay
don't worry little one don't don't lose
me you heard them here's a funny story
for you guys so today I Wayne got my
hair cut about an hour ago an hour or
two ago and I'm telling you guys barbers
are dogs there was this dude getting his
hair cut and he had his girl with him
she was just waiting for him to get cut
and you know for like his whole cut
about 30 40 minutes you could just tell
the barbers are like staring they're
like itching to say something as soon as
she walks out as soon as she walks out
my barber goes eh she was cute on they
all started talking about her and like
like the second she walked out and I'm
just like I was dying because I already
knew they were all thinking it and I
straight up said I said I love you guys
but I'm sorry I'm never bringing my girl
to this barber shop and they were all
dead they were they were all dying and I
was like no I'm serious I'm not bringing
my grill to this barber shop and they
were like they were like come on you got
to get the barber shops approval and I
was just like okay fine
I started whatsover know that laffy I am
what's up everybody
you got a break for like 30 seconds
everybody what's going on everybody
Brandon here
hey I said it so good what the fuck is
wrong you okay what's so funny about
you're just good
Wow okay what babe I'm so bad I'm
plugging in video say hi hey for broken
can the sun's look sun's if you're
watching this please fuckin win yeah
would you you had so much stress to my
life she's trying to see me happy and
every time she sees me I'm just like
this he's literally so mad yeah and this
one isn't basic to you Brian trying to
chop it up guys the Sun started the same
of 12 to 2 they were up 12 to in Memphis
and on they look they live Memphis
you're on a 14 Oh run holy shape the
Suns are 1 for 13 on their last 13 shots
Memphis is on a 14 to to run oh my god
we were up 12 to 2 with 7 minutes left
in the first right look at this we
scored 2 points in almost seven minutes
the sun's love going on these ice cold
streaks where they fucking literally
don't score Thank You TJ God okay first
quarter is over asunder down 22 16
we scored four points in the last eight
minutes just think about that four
points in the last a minute Memphis is
on an 18-2 for run the Suns are shooting
25 percent from the field 25 but there's
good news
Devin Booker has subbed into the game TJ
Warren has subbed into the game mirza to
let him adjust up into the game and
Markieff Morris hasn't even seen the
court yeah he didn't start he came off
the bench John lower started and uh
Markieff hasn't even seen the court yet
hopefully we mentioned the whole game
honestly this from my vlog sup fella
where's my dad eyes honestly this game
is in Denver California there's yeah
they're playing on the Chargers field
but literally 80% of the crowd is orange
Brian have you seen have you seen nice
bolts
nice game I wonder where my dad is he
was watching it yeah guys the whole
arena is Broncos fans it's pretty crazy
but you can't blame San Diego the
Chargers have been asked this year dad
what anyone okay
honestly mom how did you marry him look
at this face dad how did you marry my
mom cause we want some know Bosley mom
Bosley smells this the chicken dad day
down 14 nothing rivers just threw a pick
six would that tell them how the stadium
looks yeah even my dad wearing orange
yeah even my dad hmm dad sons are up by
five in the third why what's gonna
happen at the end those in the new I
might have to agree with you
guys the last four sons losses dad the
last four losses the last four losses
the sons had a 17 point lead 11 point
lead
16 point lead and another 11 point lead
and they lost every single game
I forgot that when you have a
double-digit lead that means you lose
the game
what you want to change in the morning
okay my mom says my mom says if I went
to church in the morning the sons might
have won while she was asleep till 11
a.m. oh she did not go to church if I if
I knew going to church would make the
sons win I'd be at church 25 hours a day
oh I go to church on special occasions
don't worry guys like if the sons win
the NBA Finals I'll go to church I'm
just joking mom I'm just joking my gosh
get the rebound guys the Suns are up by
8 with five minutes left in the third
z-bo with the ball holy fuck
four tries four men things Matt Barnes
is a piece of shit thug who if it wasn't
for the NBA would be life in prison
locked up for the rest of his life
without any money to pay for a lawyer
that's what he would be and if you
anyone saying that music boom ears are
with the step around Suns back up i if
you're wondering why do I hate Matt
Barnes which already hated him before
but now he held on to Alex Len to get
the foul on okay that makes sense but
then he kept holding on to him after the
whistle they got a little scuffle
bullshit I can't wait till he retires
the day he retires from the NBA he's
gonna do something to get thrown in jail
sug
okay bye so what's gonna happen come
fourth-quarter the Suns are gonna blow a
temporary lead and it's gonna go down to
the wire you guys are just gonna fuck up
at the end
guys see my dad and brother are saying
this usually I would argue yup more subs
and more Markieff staying on the bench
this is great I swear see the smile but
yeah my but my dad and brother are
probably right the sons are just going
to keep this lead till they get to the
fort and then lead is vanished watch
Kazmir's I just hit back-to-back 3s and
the sun's are up 110 seconds left in the
third there ball TJ with the floater yes
sun's up by three the third quarter
coming to a close they're going to the
fourth leading for sure that's the
positive just so they can blow it
riding you buying you pranked me on that
wit listen I put baby powder though the
hairdryer for Brandon oh my now that it
smells burnt okay what is my brother
friend this was this was your prank okay
look what happens stop pranking look
what happens these days I don't know
what it was dad do you smell that
god no oh I need to take a break from
cranking first you need to go shampoo my
hair what was that baby powder room I'll
clean the road eyes there's baby powder
over like look good thing that way but
what that oh this is a bit too um okay
first rugs praying I did not know that
wide alive drop a like if you're fucking
shocked that the sons are giving up yet
another game in the fourth order that
should have zero lights say I didn't let
the drug them out big cheese okay guys
remember how I said like oh wait till
the sons give up the game in the fourth
oh they wasted no time as soon as the
fourth quarter started they're already
down by four with nine minutes left they
wasted no time blowing this lead you
guys holy shit
unbelievable this is actually happening
again Mirza has hit three or four threes
today look right there Leeds NBA bench
players in three-point field goals guys
the Suns are down to a six and a half
minutes left another close game like I
said it doesn't matter if we play
Brooklyn Detroit Memphis from the best
to the worst teams it doesn't matter
like I said every game is close I swear
were allergic to scoring the ball in the
fourth quarter like God my brother just
did that
prank on me and there's like baby powder
in my mouth and hair and look someone
just tweet it to me saying buzzer beat
around 200 coming up because he already
knows how the sun's you have the worst
luck at the end of close games it's
pretty crazy honestly I'm gonna go see
Jackie after this game ends so for her
sake Dodd for me to be happy and smiling
when I go to see my very own girlfriend
can you please make the suns win
so I don't go to her house like this all
pouty we don't need that shit
just let the sons win one time they've
lost seven out of their last eight games
and we're all good and did you see that
oh my god
PJ Tucker go back home close the door
and never leave your house please the
sons are down to 343 left
PJ Tucker has the most wide-open three
I've ever seen in my life and he misses
it Grizzlies ball that's fucking game
Brian that's how you hit a fucking
wide-open three
PJ Tucker take some go fucking practice
with the Grizzlies because that's how
you hit a fucking wide open three for
the bernoulli season-high 18 points
against who fucking against us on these
on us sales event get a Kia Optima Forte
or school with no payments do for moms
fucking done with the sons this season
honestly what every fucking game oh nice
close game you're up in the fourth so
what to fucking blow the leaf whoo
Suns down by two or 30 seconds left
Grizzlies ball one stop Phoenix one stop
and you got this 23 seconds left
yes yeah fuck yeah okay the sun's just
off fouled on the offensive rebound so
they're down by two or 13 seconds and
they're shooting two free throws to tie
the game that Suns are down two with 13
seconds and they're shooting two free
throws come on Phoenix come on for once
don't choke I'm scared if he misses a
free throw
I'm so scared of what you're gonna do
first free throw
this is fucking crazy
every fucking gain something stupid car
is like I'm just gonna laugh because
there's literally nothing oh yes sir yes
miss both
so Jon Loomer missed both free-throws
Oh Jon Loomer misses both free throws
and look at this tipping by Alex Len
let's go
that's why he was drafted fifth overall
I guess I love you Len guys when I hit
Brian ow
I literally re-injured my thumb that's
been hurt for the past three weeks
tie game Memphis ball 11 seconds left
ooh Bledsoe is 23 points 7 rebounds 6
assists but all that matters is this win
I can't believe it we missed both free
throws and outs line comes in the clutch
with a tip in tis unbelievable how many
close games are the sun's going to being
it's crazy all 10 seconds left
three seconds what the fuck that's
fucking a bullshit F call that's fucking
bullshit and bullshit how is that a gold
tan the balls going up the ball is going
up in the air there's no way when guys
they're reviewing that goal 10 that the
piece of shit rest call and they're
going to overturn it that was a clean
block Alex Len clean block saving the
game and the Suns are going to get the
ball back with two seconds left Alex Len
I love you a lot of people say we look
alike not only do we just look like I
want to be you you're my idol how's it
feel on the ball was so going up they're
not going down plays both ends of gods
right kindly 2 seconds left suns ball
typing so what was a tie game with two
seconds Suns ball they turned it over
watch this
usually only the Sun oh my god
who does that happen to that all I could
do is laugh like your time with two
seconds left and it's your ball the
worst that can happen is you miss a
shine it goes over time but no the suns
have to find something worse than the
worst you turn it over and out
oh my god turn over in that situation
I'm laughing this on that's crazy I feel
so bad for our coaching staff they have
to deal with this
so the Grizzlies have less than one
second to shoot the ball let's see how
the Suns find a way to screw this one
over 0.8 seconds left
are you
really quick my reaction to that
honestly Phoenix Suns what the fuck no
tell them what what I just witnessed
right now I don't think I've ever seen
in any history you're up by I mean it's
a tie game with two seconds left and
it's the sun's ball how the hell do you
lose the game what like what it just
doesn't happen honestly I don't even
think I watch the Suns games to hope
they win anymore I just watch it to see
what kind of like shocking crazy
historic negative thing is going to
happen from now on because that's all
that's happened the past four or five
games like Brian imagine if you go back
in time and you go to Jerusalem and you
see Jesus cross walk on water that's
pretty much what I'm watching because
the things I'm seeing from the Sun and
no one's ever seen before so I'm slowly
starting to get over the Suns loss it's
been like three or four hours fuck how
does that even happen I wish umm I wish
my camera was recording kinda at a lower
angle when Jeff beam hit that buzzer
beater because I legit just slept on my
floor with the face down for a good two
minutes I didn't say a word I don't even
know if I was breathing but I'm gonna go
get me a burrito right now I've been
editing videos today's video and
tomorrow's video past couple of hours
and I'm pretty hungry so I'm gonna go
get me a burrito if you're wondering
where rug is rug went to go get my
cousin Amanda a birthday gift because
today
is Amanda's birthday so special shout
out to my cousin Amanda you guys know
her it's Jessica and Mandy's sister
she's the middle one Jessica the
youngest sister Mandy's the oldest and
Amanda's the middle one we're gonna go
out to eat with her tonight
so I think rug want to go buy her a gift
right now go get a burrito shower get
ready come back with my burrito to my
dad adding more lights added some on the
floor that these were up last night huh
Wow people are gonna start coming to our
house well they already do but they're
going to come to our house just to see
the lights a lot of people do that they
look good that's why I wish I was
recording when I drove up but I just got
my cam out right now that side to here
dad what did you think of the son's game
though great huh
have you ever seen yeah you've never
seen yep
the Chargers lost too but I'm over that
I don't care about the Chargers my sons
are more important to me
wait mom so is the blow dryer safe to
use now where's Brian Brian is already
by Amanda oh yeah do you want to say
anything to Amanda from my vlog oh say
happy birthday beautiful wish you the
best don't we love we love him in death
of course yeah she's my other baby
okay guys you think it's safe to use the
blow dryer now
what happened there is still smelled
weird and there's definitely still baby
powder in there so screw you rug I just
got out the shower I'm getting ready to
go meet up with Brian and Amanda to go
eat for her birthday yeah I honestly
don't know why I use a hairdryer I think
I just like my hair dry and I'm too lazy
to dry it with the towel time to get
ready to go out with Amanda and my
family and some friends still can't
believe the subs lost that game by the
way
you
you
okay guys so I just remembered fuck I
just remembered that the windbreaker
that I was going to wear
I left it in Jessica's car she's all the
way out working wherever long or
something so I just ruined my whole
outfit I have to pick a whole nother
outfit
oh I know what I could wear actually ah
I'll need this either guys I'm too
comfortable right I'm too comfortable
around you guys who do I think I am
taking off my shorts and just being my
boxers oh well you guys are like family
to me
guys you know I'm desperate first of all
I need to stop saying guys every single
time I want to talk to him I say guys
and I've caught myself doing yeah I'm
surprised you guys haven't caught it or
maybe you have but you know I'm
desperate for an outfit when I'm wearing
the Sun Jersey after they just lost one
of the worst games I've ever seen in my
life
I don't know anyways it's time to go
they're waiting on me right now
see you later Bosley Bosley just
chilling watching Sunday Night Football
by himself yeah I think he just had a
few beers and now he's going to knock
out a lot to meet up with them right now
but can't forget about
cough drops I swear it on whose gum or
mints anymore I swear and just off from
she just got her hair down let me see
you like it yeah Mandy I'm sorry for
being mean to you over text but I just
hate you and uh I thought we were wait
come here there's a birthday girl
Amanda stop for Melissa's fans happy
birthday thank you just exactly I'm okay
really though I got yours though right
oh thank you
huh
her mom is yelling out her on her
birthday reject give her a break she's
23 years old
I mean mommy I don't know two arrests
all right now see now Brennan's always
late he goes on his own time makes his
own schedule Yeah right no one even knew
he was coming how we were about to leave
I show up where I want when I want
okay see you there
Szechuan house guys is called special
house it legit looks like a house
honestly is Bryan the workers sleep here
huh the inside looks like a house
okay let's say hi to Jason King so how
did Jason Caitlin and then bring me
where are they hopefully they're wearing
makeup or else don't let me record them
well at least we know they're wearing
makeup cuz you're not covering their
face it's too dark let's go
can we cinema yeah everyone's here know
the birthday girl dressed down always
we're back from dinner with Amanda and
Bosley's and Brian's sleeping spot
Bosley you got a move good boy yeah just
like go right there real quick okay
yeah Buzzle you can stay on the bed just
give him room it's not your bed yes
sleep in that corner stay there the
whole night good night bread and good
night rug guys when my brother sleeps
like that doesn't he look like the
chocolate grandma from Sponge Bob the
one in the wheelchair yeah chocolate
crispy french fries yeah your body is
like her
good night buzz Li guys I'm concluding
the vlog right here
happy birthday Amanda once again and
that's it that's it
go Suns sadly
